

--- Page 1 ---

Strategy and Objectives

Our Strategy:
Partner for the New Energy World

E.ON's strategy focuses the Company systematically on the
new energy world of increasingly empowered and proactive
customers. The planned acquisition of innogy and the planned
sale of the renewable energy business to RWE strengthens
this strategy. The energy world is becoming more electric and
customer-driven. Going forward, we intend to focus on energy
networks in a distributed energy world and more on customer
solutions that emphasize sustainability and energy efficiency.

Through the planned acquisition of innogy, E.ON is seizing the
initiative and—for the benefit of customers, employees, business
partners, shareholders, and society in general—taking advantage
of the significant opportunities created by the transformation
of the energy world. Examples include continual innovation, an
unambiguous commitment to sustainability, the expansion of
digital architecture across our organization, and a strong brand.
Health and safety remain indispensable corporate values. Our
unequivocal objective is to avoid accidents and to minimize
adverse health impacts on our employees.

Transaction with RWE

In March 2018 E.ON and RWE reached an extensive asset-swap
agreement under which E.ON will acquire RWE's 76.8-percent
stake in innogy and transfer to RWE substantially all of its renew-
able energy business. In response to a voluntary public takeover
offer, innogy’s other shareholders tendered 9.4 percent of innogy
stock to E.ON (for more details on the planned transaction, see
pages 22 and 23 of the Combined Group Management Report).

After the transaction closes, E.ON will focus on two business
segments: regulated, highly efficient energy networks and
innovative customer solutions. We will be able to combine our
expertise and innovativeness in these two segments with innogy's.
The takeover of innogy will also enable us to achieve significant
cost advantages.

The planned acquisition is a fundamental step in the implemen-
tation of our strategy and offers the opportunity to achieve our
strategic objectives within the constraints of our balance sheet.
Success in energy networks and customer solutions can only
be ensured through a systematic customer focus (municipalities,
residential customers, and commercial customers). New dis-
tributed customer solutions are based on a deep understanding
of the customer business as well as energy networks. Regulated
network assets together with growth opportunities in customer
solutions create an attractive and balanced portfolio.

18

Increasingly, the renewable energy business worldwide is exposed
to market price risks and needs to interact with the wholesale
market. Moreover, it is becoming more global, and critical mass
is becoming a more important factor. Combining innogy and
E.ON's renewables businesses at RWE will create a bigger plat-
form, one that has the critical mass that is indispensable for
successful business development on an international scale.

Objectives and Core Businesses

Going forward, E.ON will concentrate on energy networks and
customer solutions. With a clear focus on two strong core busi-
nesses, we aim to become the partner of choice for energy and
customer solutions.

¢ Energy Networks: distribution grids link our customers
together and are the backbone of the energy transformation.
After the integration of innogy, E.ON will operate distribution
grids in eight European countries with a regulated asset base
of €34 billion. The energy system is complex and increasingly
characterized by distributed generation. It connects the elec-
tricity market, heat market, and mobility. This complex system
is not possible without smart distribution grids. This means
that grids no longer only distribute power. They are evolving
into smart platforms that integrate processes, data, and
generation assets. E.ON is already a leader in network effi-
ciency and will continue to set new standards in the future.

¢ Customer Solutions: the integration of innogy’s customer-
solutions business will expand our customer base to around
50 million. Thus strengthened, E.ON intends to become
the partner of choice for public, commercial, and residential
customers and to create added value for them. We will con-
tinually improve or redefine our portfolio of products and
services for innovative heating solutions, energy efficiency,
distributed generation and storage, and sustainable mobility
solutions. We intend to achieve this through a consistently
convincing customer experience, a strong digital orientation,
and high-quality service.

Resources and Capabilities
Each of these core businesses has its own viable business logic.
But combining them in a single company offers significant
advantages. It enables E.ON to acquire and leverage a compre-
hensive understanding of the transformation of the energy
system and the interplay between the individual submarkets
in regional and local energy supply systems. In an increasingly
distributed and digital energy world, customer solutions and


--- Page 2 ---

energy networks are already beginning to converge. For example,
smart meters are already providing the basis for new energy-
sales offerings, such as time-based electricity tariffs and
energy-efficiency solutions.

Focusing on two core businesses will enable E.ON to retain its
existing strengths and advantages and to build on them. Examples
include our outstanding record of managing energy networks
and systematically developing customer solutions. In 2018 our
customer solutions business compiled several achievements

in heat supply, e-mobility, energy efficiency, and energy storage.
For example, E.ON and Berliner Stadtwerke were awarded the
concession to provide heat and cooling to an urban development
project at the site of Tegel airport in Berlin thanks to a plan fea-
turing an innovative low-temperature network. The European
Spallation Source ("ESS"), a major research institute in Lund,
Sweden, chose E.ON as its partner for sustainable cooling, heat,
and compressed air.

On the e-mobility side, at year-end 2018 E.ON could already
offer its customers 4,000 charging points in Germany. In late
2018 E.ON joined EV100, a global initiative to accelerate the
transition to electric vehicles ("EVs"), and pledged to convert all
company vehicles under 3.5 metric tons to EVs by 2030. In
other e-mobility milestones in 2018, we entered the Norwegian
market, forged a strategic partnership with Nissan, and intro-
duced a digital platform that makes our charging network easier
to access and use. To promote energy efficiency, E.ON partnered
with European banks to offer standardized loans that make it
easier for property owners to finance energy-efficiency improve-
ments. This creates additional incentives for efficient energy
use. In energy storage, in early 2018 we launched E.ON Solar-
Cloud, which enables customers with solar panels to use

100 percent of the green power they produce, even if they

do not have a battery.

The network business achieved advances in 2018 as well. Avacon,
an E.ON subsidiary in north-central Germany, is testing a smart
grid hub that can control equipment like solar panels and battery
storage devices remotely. Part of the EU's Interflex project,

the hub is a cost-effective way to help ensure stable network
operations. In the Czech Republic E.ON launched a project called
ACON, which stands for “again connected networks.” Its purpose
is to enhance the distribution networks in the regions along
the Czech-Slovak border and to upgrade them using smart-grid
technology.

CEO Letter

Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

19

Corporate Initiatives

The agreement with RWE was the dominant event of 2018.
Yet E.ON also moved forward with key corporate initiatives and
launched new ones with the aim of enhancing its competitiveness
and customer orientation. These initiatives lay an important
foundation for E.ON's lasting success in the years ahead. All of
them are designed for rapid results and implementation. Below
are two examples of such initiatives.

¢ Launched at the end of 2016, the Phoenix program redesigned
the setup of E.ON's corporate and support functions to make
them closer to customers and to reduce unnecessary bureau-
cracy and inefficiency. We are giving our customer-proximate
functions greater decision-making authority, enabling faster
decision-making and implementation. We successfully
completed the program in 2018, substantially reducing our
cost base.

¢ Sustainability is not only an important criterion in the design
of our corporate strategy, but also for our actions. In 2018
the Management Board pledged E.ON's support for the UN
Sustainable Development Goals ("SDGs"), thereby under-
scoring our commitment to sustainability. E.ON's business
operations contribute directly to the achievement of SDG 7
(affordable and clean energy), 11 (sustainable cities and
communities), and 13 (climate action). In 2018 E.ON also
launched a climate-protection initiative and set a target of
making all its buildings climate-neutral by 2030.

Finance Strategy

The section of the Combined Group Management Report entitled
Financial Situation contains explanatory information about our
finance strategy.

People Strategy

The section of the Combined Group Management Report entitled

Employees contains explanatory information about our people
strategy.


--- Page 3 ---

Corporate Profile

Corporate Profile
Business Model

E.ON is an investor-owned energy company with approximately
43,000 employees. Led by corporate headquarters in Essen,
our operations are segmented into three operating units: Energy
Networks, Customer Solutions, and Renewables. Our non-
strategic operations are reported under Non-Core Business.

Corporate Headquarters

Corporate headquarters’ main task is to lead the E.ON Group.
This involves charting E.ON's strategic course and managing and
funding its existing business portfolio. Corporate headquarters’
tasks include optimizing E.ON's overall business across countries
and markets from a financial, strategic, and risk perspective and
conducting stakeholder management.

Energy Networks

This segment consists of our power and gas distribution net-
works and related activities. It is subdivided into three regional
markets: Germany, Sweden, and East-Central Europe/Turkey
(which consists of the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, Slo-
vakia, and Turkey). This segment's main tasks include operating
its power and gas networks safely and reliably, carrying out any
necessary maintenance and repairs, and expanding its networks,
which frequently involves adding customer connections.

Customer Solutions

This segment serves as the platform for working with our
customers to actively shape Europe's energy transition. This
includes supplying customers in Europe (excluding Turkey)
with power, gas, and heat as well as with products and services
that enhance their energy efficiency and autonomy and provide
other benefits. Our activities are tailored to the individual needs
of customers across all segments: residential, small and medium-
sized enterprises, large commercial and industrial, and public
entities. E.ON’s main presence in this business is in Germany, the
United Kingdom, Sweden, Italy, the Czech Republic, Hungary,
and Romania. E.ON Connecting Energies, which provides cus-
tomers with turn-key distributed-energy solutions, is also part
of this segment.

22

Renewables

This segment consists of Onshore Wind/Solar and Offshore
Wind/Other. We plan, build, operate, and manage renewable
generation assets. We market their output in several ways:

in conjunction with renewable incentive programs, under long-
term electricity supply agreements with key customers, and
directly to the wholesale market. Substantially all of the opera-
tions in this segment are classified as discontinued operations
effective June 30, 2018 (for more information, see pages 22
and 23 of the Combined Group Management Report and Note 4
to the Consolidated Financial Statements).

Non-Core Business

This segment consists of our non-strategic activities. This
applies to the operation of our nuclear power stations in
Germany (which is managed by our PreussenElektra unit) and
the generation business in Turkey.

Special Events in the Reporting Period

Asset Swap with RWE

On March 12, 2018, E.ON SE and RWE AG reached an agree-
ment under which E.ON will acquire RWE’s 76.8-percent stake
in innogy SE as part of an extensive asset swap. As part of this
swap, E.ON will transfer to RWE substantially all of its renew-
ables business as well as the minority stakes, held by its subsid-
iary PreussenElektra, in Emsland und Gundremmingen nuclear
power stations, which are operated by RWE. However, the
E.ON Group will retain certain assets reported in its Renewables
segment, namely: businesses operated by e.disnatur in Germany
and Poland as well as a 20-percent stake in Rampion offshore
wind farm. In return for its innogy stake, RWE will receive a
16.67-percent stake in E.ON. The stock will be issued by means
of a 20-percent capital increase against contributions in kind
from E.ON SE's existing authorized capital. In addition, RWE will
make a cash payment of €1.5 billion to E.ON. Furthermore, RWE
will receive innogy's gas storage business and its stake in Kelag,
an Austria-based energy supplier. The transaction, which was filed
with the European Commission in January 2019, will take place
in several steps and is subject to the usual antitrust approvals.


--- Page 4 ---

Renewables

Pursuant to IFRS 5, the operations in the Renewables segment
that will be transferred are reported as discontinued operations
effective June 30, 2018 (for more information, see Note 4 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements). Until their final transfer
to RWE, however, these operations will be managed as before.
For the purpose of internal management control, their results
will therefore be fully included in the relevant key performance
indicators. In addition, the scheduled depreciation charges
required by IFRS 5 and the carrying amount of these discontinued
operations will be recorded in equity and disclosed accordingly.
The Combined Group Management Report's presentation of the
key performance indicators relevant for management control and
of sales therefore includes the results of discontinued operations
in the Renewables segment. Pages 32 to 34 of the Combined
Group Management Report and Note 33 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements contain reconciliations of these indicators
to the disclosures in the E.ON SE and Subsidiaries Consolidated
Statements of Income, Consolidated Balance Sheets, and Con-
solidated Statements of Cash Flows.

Minority Stakes in Nuclear Power Stations

Under the agreement with E.ON, RWE will acquire not only
substantially all of E.ON's renewables business but also its
minority stakes in Kernkraftwerke Lippe-Ems GmbH and
Kernkraftwerk Gundremmingen GmbH nuclear power stations,
which are operated by RWE. These minority stakes and the
associated debt, which had previously been reported at Non-
Core Business, were reclassified as a disposal group effective
June 30, 2018.

Voluntary Public Takeover Offer for innogy SE Stock

Following approval of the offer documents by the German
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (known by its German
acronym, “BaFin"), on April 27, 2018, E.ON published its vol-
untary public takeover offer ("PTO") for innogy SE stock. The
PTO's extended acceptance period ended on July 25, 2018.

In addition to the 76.8-percent stake to be acquired from RWE,
9.4 percent of innogy stock was tendered under the PTO.

To finance the PTO, E.ON originally secured a €5 billion acquisi-
tion facility, which will fund the acquisition of innogy stock not
held by RWE. Considering the tender ratio under the PTO, E.ON
reduced the facility to €1.75 billion.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

23

innogy's Agreements in Principle with E.ON and RWE

On July 18, 2018, innogy concluded two legally binding agree-
ments—one with E.ON, another with RWE-—on the planned
integration of innogy into E.ON and the planned integration of
innogy's renewables business into RWE. The agreements call
for the planned transaction to be implemented in a transparent
process in which all employees will be treated fairly and as
equally as possible, regardless of which company they currently
work for. In addition, the integrations will take into account the
companies’ respective strengths. Essen will remain the regis-
tered office and headquarters of the new E.ON. innogy will play
a positive role in supporting the swift implementation of the
planned transaction between RWE and E.ON.

Sale of Uniper Stake

In September 2017 E.ON and Fortum Corporation of Espoo,
Finland, concluded an agreement under which E.ON had the
right to sell its 46.65-percent stake in Uniper to Fortum in early
2018. Until the end of September 2017 we classified this stake
as an associated company and accounted for it using the equity
method. We then reclassified it as an asset held for sale. In
January 2018 E.ON decided to exercise its option to tender its
Uniper stake. After all the necessary antitrust approvals were
obtained, the transaction closed on June 26, 2018, with E.ON
receiving liquid funds totaling €3.8 billion. The disposal of the
stake and the derecognition of the associated derivative financial
instruments resulted in income totaling €1.1 billion. Note 4 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements contains more information.

Changes in Segment Reporting

At the beginning of 2018 we made a number of reclassifications.
The generation business in Turkey is now reported under Non-
Core Business. Customer Solutions’ heat business in Germany
is no longer reported at its Germany unit but rather at its Other
unit. In addition, costs for the ongoing expansion of our business
of providing new digital products and services as well as inno-
vative projects, which were previously allocated to Corporate
Functions/Other, are now allocated to the appropriate operating
units at Customer Solutions. We adjusted the prior-year figures
accordingly. These reclassifications were already factored into
the earnings forecast for 2018 contained in our 2017 Annual
Report.


--- Page 5 ---

Corporate Profile

IFRS 9, “Financial Instruments,” and IFRS 15, “Revenue from
Contracts with Customers”

We apply IFRS 9, “Financial Instruments,” and IFRS 15, “Revenue
from Contracts with Customers,’ for the first time effective

the start of 2018. The impact of the initial application of these
standards on E.ON SE and Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial
Statements as of December 31, 2018—in particular, on sales,
costs of materials, and a reduction in the value of financial
assets—is explained in detail in Note 2 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Sale of E.ON Elektrarne

On July 26, 2018, E.ON sold its stake in E.ON Elektrarne s.r.o. to
Zapadoslovenska energetika a.s. ("ZSE"). The parties agreed not
to disclose the sales price. The transaction included the repay-
ment of shareholder loans. ZSE is owned jointly by the Slovakian
state (51 percent) and the E.ON Group (overall, 49 percent).
The assets of E.ON Elektrarne s.r.o. include primarily Malzenice
combined-cycle gas turbine.

Sale of E.ON Gas Sverige

On April 25, 2018, the E.ON Group closed the sale of EON Gas
Sverige AB, its gas distribution network company in Sweden,
with retroactive economic effect to January 1, 2018. The buyer
was the European Diversified Infrastructure Fund Il.

Sale of Hamburg Netz

In 2017 E.ON agreed to sell its 74.9-percent stake in Hamburg
Netz GmbH to the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg. The
transaction closed on January 1, 2018. The payment was
received in 2017.

Initial Public Offering of Enerjisa Enerji

A 20-percent stake (E.ON's share: 10 percentage points) of
Enerjisa Enerji A.S. was successfully placed on the stock market
on February 8, 2018. The issuance price was TRY 6.25 per

100 shares. Enerjisa Enerji A.S. continues to be a joint venture
between E.ON and Sabanci, each of which holds 40 percent.
The book gain on this transaction was more than offset by cumu-
lative adverse currency-translation effects.

24

Management System

Our corporate strategy aims to deliver sustainable growth in
shareholder value. We have in place a Group-wide planning and
controlling system to assist us in planning and managing E.ON
as a whole and our individual businesses with an eye to increas-
ing their value. This system ensures that our financial resources
are allocated efficiently. We strive to enhance our sustainability
performance efficiently and effectively as well. We have high
expectations for our sustainability performance. We embed these
expectations progressively more deeply into our organization—
across all organizational entities and all processes—by means of
binding company policies and minimum standards.

Key Performance Indicators

Our most important key performance indicators ("KPIs") for
managing our operating business are adjusted EBIT and cash-
effective investments. Other KPls for managing the E.ON Group
are cash-conversion rate, ROCE, adjusted net income, earnings
per share (based on adjusted net income), and debt factor. The
Combined Group Management Report's presentation of the
KPIs relevant for management control includes the results of
discontinued operations in the Renewables segment (for more
information, see pages 22 and 23 of the Combined Group Man-
agement Report).

Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes (“adjusted EBIT")
is E.ON's most important KPI for purposes of internal manage-
ment control and as an indicator of its businesses’ long-term
earnings power. The E.ON Management Board is convinced that
adjusted EBIT is the most suitable KPI for assessing operating
performance because it presents a business's operating earnings
independently of non-operating factors, interest, and taxes.
The adjustments include net book gains, certain restructuring
expenses, impairment charges, the marking to market of deriv-
atives, and other non-operating earnings (see the explanatory
information on pages 31 to 33 to the Combined Group Man-
agement Report and in Note 33 of the Consolidated Financial
Statements).

Cash-effective investments are equal to the investment expen-
ditures shown in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
These include the investments of discontinued operations in
the Renewables segment.


--- Page 6 ---

Cash-conversion rate is equal to operating cash flow before
interest and taxes divided by adjusted EBITDA. It indicates
whether our operating earnings are generating enough liquidity.

Return on capital employed ("ROCE") assesses the value perfor-
mance of our operating business. ROCE is a pretax total return
on capital and is defined as the ratio of adjusted EBIT to annual
average capital employed.

Adjusted net income is an earnings figure after interest income,
income taxes, and non-controlling interests that has likewise
been adjusted to exclude non-operating effects (see the explan-
atory information on page 33 of the Combined Group Manage-
ment Report).

E.ON manages its capital structure by means of its debt factor
(see the section entitled Finance Strategy on page 34). Debt
factor is equal to our economic net debt divided by adjusted
EBITDA and is therefore a dynamic debt metric. Economic net
debt includes our net financial debt as well as our pension and
asset-retirement obligations.

Other KPIs

Alongside our most important financial management KPIs, the
Combined Group Management Report includes other financial
and non-financial KPIs to highlight aspects of our business per-
formance and our sustainability performance vis-a-vis all our
stakeholders: our employees, customers, shareholders, bond
investors, and the countries in which we operate. Operating
cash flow and value added are examples of our other financial
KPls. Our sustainability KPls include total recordable frequency
index (“TRIF"), which measures reported work-related injuries
and illnesses. The section entitled Employees contains explana-
tory information about this KPI.

In addition, some KPIs are important for E.ON as a customer-
focused company. For example, we see our ability to acquire new
customers and retain existing ones as crucial to our success.
Net promoter score ("NPS") measures customers' willingness to
recommend E.ON to a friend or colleague. Our Sustainability

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

25

Report and the Separate Combined Non-Financial Report
describe how NPS fits into our management approach.

However, these other KPIs are not the focus of the ongoing
management of our businesses.

Innovation

E.ON's innovation activities reflect its strategy of focusing
systematically on the new energy world of empowered and
proactive customers, renewables and distributed energy,
energy efficiency, local energy systems, and digital solutions.
E.ON therefore has the following Innovation Hubs:

¢ Retail and end-customer solutions: develop new business
models for distributed-energy supply, energy efficiency, and
mobility

« Renewables generation: increase the cost-effectiveness of
existing wind and solar assets and study new renewables
technologies

¢ Infrastructure and energy networks: develop energy-storage
and energy-distribution solutions for an increasingly distrib-
uted and volatile generation system

¢ Energy intelligence and energy systems: study potentially
fundamental changes to energy systems and the role of data
in the new energy world.

Strategic Co-Investments

We want to identify promising energy technologies of the
future that will enhance our palette of offerings for our millions
of customers around Europe and will make us a pacesetter in
the operation of smart energy systems. We select new busi-
nesses that offer the best opportunities for partnerships, com-
mercialization, and equity investments. Our investments focus
on strategic technologies and business models that enhance


--- Page 7 ---

Business Report

our ability to lead the move toward distributed, sustainable, and
innovative energy offerings. These arrangements benefit new
technology companies and E.ON, since we gain access to their
new business models and have a share in the value growth.

In 2018 we invested in Sight Machine, Lumenaza, tado°, and
Virta.

Sight Machine is a software startup based in the United States
that has created an Internet of Things digital manufacturing
platform that uses artificial intelligence, machine learning, and
advanced analytics, which will help our B2B customers address
critical challenges in quality, productivity, and visualization.

Lumenaza is a German software provider for the new, distributed,
and digitized energy world. Its modular software platform func-
tions as a utility-in-a-box, offering all the functionalities needed
in the energy market. Lumenaza can connect and intelligently
manage all participants in the new energy world in a single digital
marketplace. It provides the platform for a peer-to-peer energy
market.

Germany-based tado’ is redefining how households use energy
by enhancing comfort, savings, and well-being. Its smart wall
and radiator thermostats along with the Climate Assistant app
offer functions like geofencing, weather adaption, open-window
detection, air comfort, and repair service for boilers.

Virta is a Finnish company with a powerful IT platform for con-
necting electric vehicles to charging infrastructures and energy
grids. E.ON uses the platform as the digital backbone for its
offerings to B2B customers and for supplementing billing with
vehicle-to-grid and other value-added services.

Partnerships with Universities

Our innovation activities include partnering with universities
and research institutes to conduct research projects in a variety
of areas. The purpose is to study ways to expand the horizons
of energy conservation and sustainable energy and to draw on
this research to develop new offerings and solutions for cus-
tomers. This research is conducted primarily at the E.ON Energy
Research Center at RWTH Aachen University, which focuses

on renewables, technologically advanced electricity networks,
and efficient technology for buildings.

26

Macroeconomic and Industry Environment

Macroeconomic Environment

The OECD believes the global economy experienced a growth
spike in 2018. Labor market growth remained stable, whereas
risks relating to international trade and private investments
served as a slight damper. The OECD estimates that the global
economy grew at a rate of 3.7 percent in 2018.

2018 GDP Growth in Real Terms

Annual change in percent

Germany
Italy
Euro zone

Sweden

United
Kingdom

USA

OECD

Turkey

0 1 2 3

Source: OECD, 2018.

Energy Policy and Regulatory Environment

Global

The 24th United Nations climate change conference took place
in Katowice, Poland, from December 2 to 15, 2018. It too focused
on defining measures to limit the increase in global temperatures
to under 2 degrees Celsius. The conference agreed on a rulebook
for the implementation of the Paris Agreement and for countries’
reporting obligations.


--- Page 8 ---

Europe

In 2018 the EU made important progress in enacting the pro-
posals contained in the Clean Energy for All Europeans package
of energy and climate legislation. The adoption of the gover-
nance regulation introduced a new instrument for monitoring
the member states’ climate policies. It obliges them to submit,
by the end of 2019, national energy and climate plans for 2021
to 2030. The new versions of the Energy Efficiency and Renew-
able Energy Directives set new binding EU-wide targets for 2030.
The EU intends to achieve energy savings of 32.5 percent rela-
tive to forecast primary energy consumption and for renewables
to meet 32 percent of gross final energy consumption in the
electricity, heat, and transport sectors. Both targets could be
reviewed and, if necessary, revised upward in 2023.

By contrast, the EU did not revise its binding decarbonization
targets. The newly adopted targets for energy efficiency and the
share of renewables are expected to raise the emission reduction
to 45 percent compared with 1990. At the end of 2018 the EU
set an emission-reduction target for personal transport. The dis-
cussion between the European Parliament, the European Com-
mission, and the member states resulted in a target of reducing
these emissions by 37.5 percent by 2030 compared with 2021.

Germany

Following the 2017 Bundestag elections, the CDU, CSU, and SPD
decided to continue the grand coalition. The coalition agreement
affirmed the climate targets for 2030 and 2050. One target is
for renewables to meet about 65 percent of the country’s gross
electricity consumption by 2030. The agreement also foresees
an ambitious action plan for upgrading and expanding energy
networks, recognizing the increased importance of distribution
networks. The scope for digital business models is to be expanded,
with data protection to be a top priority.

On June 6, 2018, the German federal government appointed a
Commission for Growth, Structural Change, and Employment
to assist with its climate-protection plans. The commission came
up with economic-development measures for lignite mining
regions in Germany and worked out a timetable and, in particular,

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

27

a target date for the phaseout of coal-fired power generation.
On January 26, 2019, the commission issued its final report, in
which it recommends to the German federal government that
the country completely phase out coal-fired generation by 2038
at the latest. The commission calls for the phaseout to be gradual.
It proposes that in 2022 a total of no more than 15 GW of lignite-
fired generating capacity and 15 GW of hard-coal-fired capacity
should be operational. By 2030 the figures are to decline to

9 GW for lignite and 8 GW for hard coal. The phaseout plan is
to be reviewed at regular intervals. In addition, the commission
recommends leaving the option open in 2032 to move the com-
plete phaseout of coal-fired generation forward to 2035.

Effective January 1, 2018, the preferential treatment of self-
supply combined-heat-and-power ("CHP") units that entered
service after August 1, 2014, was rescinded. After the European
Commission and the German federal government reached an
agreement in principle during the year, the rescission was reversed
with retroactive effect for CHP units of less than 1 MW and
more than 10 MW, which received EU state aid approval. These
units will continue to pay 40 percent of the renewables levy.
Depending on their number of full-use hours, newer CHP units
between 1 and 10 MW will have to pay between 40 and

100 percent of the renewables levy unless they are used for
self-supply by specially approved enterprises.

At the end of 2018 the Bundestag and the Bundesrat passed
the Omnibus Energy Act, which makes various amendments to
energy legislation, such as the Renewable Energy Act and the
CHP Act. The Omnibus Energy Act extends the aforementioned
preferential treatment of self-supply for new CHP plants and
establishes special tenders for 4 GW of onshore wind and solar
capacity, as foreseen by the coalition agreement. The special ten-
ders will be conducted between 2019 and 2021. Furthermore,
the Omnibus Energy Act gradually reduces the remuneration for
solar arrays between 40 kW and 750 kW to 8.9 cents per kWh
by April 2019.


--- Page 9 ---

Business Report

Great Britain

Following a period of negotiations, on November 25, 2018, the
U.K. Government and the European Union formally approved the
Withdrawal Agreement and Political Declaration on the future
relationship between the U.K. and the EU. If approved by the
House of Commons, the agreement will be transposed into U.K.
law and then ratified by the EU before March 29, 2019. If the
agreement is rejected by the House of Commons, a number of
scenarios are possible. They include a revised deal, a second
Brexit referendum, and a disorderly no-deal exit. There remains
substantial uncertainty over the details of Brexit.

The Court of Justice of the European Union ruled the European
Commission's approval of the introduction of a capacity market in
the United Kingdom invalid. The market is therefore suspended.
Until state aid approval is again obtained, no capacity auctions
can be held and no capacity payments can be made to market
participants holding contracts from previous auctions. The U.K.
government is working with the European Commission to sup-
port its investigation and ensure a timely relaunch of the capacity
market. It is unclear at this stage what impact Brexit could have
on the European Commission's jurisdiction over the U.K. capacity
market.

Italy

The Italian government aims for renewables to meet 55 percent
of the country’s electricity consumption by 2030. To achieve
this goal, the government intends to put in place a direct subsidy
scheme based on bilateral contracts for differences in the short
term and a market for efficient power purchase agreements in
the long term. Alongside growth in renewables, the Italian market
faces a decline in installed thermal capacity. To ensure supply
security and system stability and to continue the phaseout of
coal-fired generation, the Italian government proposed estab-
lishing a capacity market. Although the European Commission
approved the most recent version of the proposal in February
2018, the timetable for implementation remains uncertain.
This is because the Italian government temporarily suspended

28

implementation in September 2018 owing to the potential risk
that the proposed capacity market will favor carbon-intensive
generation technologies such as coal.

Sweden

Sweden's energy policy is focused on the 2016 cross-party
energy agreement that foresees a fully renewable electricity
system over the long term. The agreement features a number
of climate policies, including a target of 100 percent renewable
electricity generation by 2040. The main policy instrument, the
elcertificate market scheme, has resulted in substantial growth
in wind power and the conversion of fossil fuel to biomass. With
nearly 9.5 TWh of new wind power capacity under construction
as of October 2018, Sweden will likely achieve its 2030 renew-
ables target in the early 2020s. General elections were held in
September 2018. A government was formed in January 2019.

East-Central Europe

The Romanian electricity market has been fully liberalized since
January 1, 2018. However, a government ordinance took effect
on December 29, 2018, that places the residential power supply
under the oversight of the Romanian Energy Regulatory Author-
ity from March 1, 2019, to February 28, 2022. In addition,

in September 2018 the Romanian Energy Ministry presented
its draft energy strategy for 2018-2030 looking toward 2050.
It identifies a number of projects of strategic national interest,
including significant investments in nuclear and hydroelectric
capacity. Hungary announced that it will phase out coal-fired
generation by 2030. The gap will be made up by an existing
nuclear power plant ("NPP") and two new units at Paks II NPP,
which are in the preparatory phase of construction. Slovakia

is preparing a national 2050 low-carbon strategy aided by the
World Bank, which may include the commissioning of two NPPs.
The Czech Republic is also considering nuclear as part of the
transition from coal-fired generation. It intends to decide in the
near future whether to build, and how to finance, a new unit at
one of its existing NPPs.


--- Page 10 ---

Business Performance

E.ON's operating business continued to deliver a positive per-
formance in 2018. Nevertheless, our sales of €30.3 billion were
€7.7 billion below the prior-year figure. The decline resulted
largely from changes in the accounting treatment of certain
renewables-support payments pursuant to IFRS 15, which was
applied for the first time in 2018. These payments are no longer
reported in full but rather are netted against the corresponding
costs of materials.

Adjusted EBIT for the E.ON Group declined by €0.1 billion to
€3 billion. Adjusted net income increased by about €0.1 billion
to €1.5 bllion. Adjusted EBIT and adjusted net income were
therefore at the upper end of our forecast range of €2.8 to

€3 billion and €1.3 to €1.5 billion, respectively. In addition,
our objective was to record a cash-conversion rate of at least
80 percent. Cash-conversion rate is equal to operating cash
flow before interest and taxes (€4.1 billion) divided by adjusted
EBITDA (roughly €4.8 billion). Our cash-conversion rate was
therefore 84 percent. Our ROCE was 10.4 percent, slightly higher
than our forecast of 8 to 10 percent.

Our investments of €3.5 billion were slightly above the prior-
year figure of €3.3 billion but below the €3.8 billion forecasted
for 2018. The deviation is principally attributable to changes in
project planning at our Customers Solutions and Renewables
segments.

Cash provided by operating activities of continuing and discon-
tinued operations of €2.9 billion was substantially above the
prior-year figure of -€3 billion, primarily because of our payment
into Germany's public fund for nuclear-waste disposal in July
2017. The non-recurrence of the nuclear-fuel-tax refund recorded
in 2017 was an adverse factor.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

29

Acquisitions, Disposals, and Discontinued Operations in 2018
We executed the following significant transactions in 2018.
Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contains
detailed information about them:

¢ Reclassification of substantially all of our Renewables
segment as discontinued operations in conjunction with
the planned transaction with RWE

¢ Sale of our 46.65-percent Uniper stake

« Sale of E.ON Gas Sverige

¢ Sale of Hamburg Netz.

Cash provided by investing activities of continuing operations
includes cash-effective disposal proceeds totaling €4,306 mil-
lion in 2018 (prior year: €750 million).

Earnings Situation

Sales

We recorded sales of €30.3 billion in 2018, €7.7 billion less
than the prior-year figure. The initial application of IFRS 15
reduced sales by €7.9 billion. Energy Networks’ sales declined
by €8.2 billion, primarily because of the aforementioned netting
effects in conjunction with IFRS 15 in Germany and the Czech
Republic and by the sale of gas operations in Sweden and Ger-
many. Customer Solutions’ sales rose by about €0.6 billion, in
particular owing to price increases and a weather-driven increase
in gas sales volume in the United Kingdom. Higher sales prices
in Sweden, Italy, and Hungary along with the transfer of the gas
business in Sweden from Energy Networks were also positive
factors. By contrast, sales were adversely affected by netting
effects pursuant to IFRS 15 in the Czech Republic and the expi-
ration of sales contracts to certain wholesale customers in Ger-
many that were transferred to Uniper. Renewables’ sales rose
by €150 million year on year, owing primarily to an increase in
owned generation. This was because in 2018 some wind farms
in the United States were, for the first time, operational for the
entire year and because a wind farm came online in the United
Kingdom. Sales at Non-Core Business declined by €186 million,
principally because of lower sales prices and the absence of one-
off items in conjunction with legal proceedings. Sales recorded
under Corporate Functions/Other resulted mainly from intra-
group IT, finance, and HR services. The decline relative to the
prior year is due in part to the expiration of a service contract
with Uniper.


--- Page 11 ---

Business Report

30

Sales?

Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2018 2017 +1-% 2018 2017 +/-%
Energy Networks? 2,355 4,123 -43 8,769 16,990 -48
Customer Solutions 6,320 6,091 +4 22,127 21,576 +3
Renewables 541 474 +14 1,754 1,604 +9
Non-Core Business 416 355 +17 1,399 1,585 -12
Corporate Functions/Other 144 234 -38 644 796 -19
Consolidation -1,169 -1,249 - -4,440 -4,586 -
E.ON Group 8,607 10,028 -14 30,253 37,965 -20

AIncludes the discontinued operations in the Renewables segment. Sales from continuing operations amounted to €29.6 billion in 2018 (prior year: €37.3 billion)
Income and expenses resulting from the Renewable Energy Law's feed-in scheme have been netted out; we adjusted the prior-year quarters accordingly (see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial

Statements)

Other Line Items from the Consolidated Statements of Income
Own work capitalized of €394 million (2017: €513 million)
resulted mainly from the capitalization of IT projects and network
investments.

Other operating income declined by 31 percent, from €7,371 mil-
lion to €5,107 million, mainly because of the refund of roughly
€2.85 billion in nuclear-fuel taxes recorded in the prior year. In
addition, the sale of securities resulted in lower income than
in the prior year. Income from currency-translation effects of
€1,607 million declined by 18 percent, whereas income from
derivative financial instruments rose by 120 percent, from
€593 million to €1,303 million. Corresponding amounts result-
ing from currency-translation effects and derivative financial
instruments are recorded under other operating expenses. In
addition, 2018 income from derivative financial instruments
includes the derecognition of a derivative in conjunction with
contractual rights and obligations relating to the sale of our
Uniper stake. The sale of equity interests yielded income of
€899 million, which includes €593 million from the sale of our
remaining Uniper stake to Fortum as well as €154 million and
€134 million from the sale of Hamburg Netz and E.ON Gas
Sverige AB, respectively.

Costs of materials of €22,813 million were significantly below
the prior-year level of €29,961 million. The decline is mainly
attributable to the aforementioned netting effects in conjunction
with the initial application of IFRS 15 in 2018.

Personnel costs of €2,460 million were €573 million below the
prior-year figure of €3,033 million. The decline resulted mainly
from lower expenditures for strategic renewal and reorganization
programs from prior years. In addition, an adjustment to pension
commitments in the United Kingdom resulted in negative past
service costs.

Depreciation charges declined significantly, from €1,700 million
to €1,575 million, primarily because of a reduction in impair-
ment charges. In 2018 scheduled depreciation charges were
recorded in particular at Energy Networks. In 2018 impairment
charges were recorded primarily at Customer Solutions’ busi-
ness in the United Kingdom.

Other operating expenses of €4,550 million were 28 percent
below the prior-year level of €6,279 million. This is chiefly
because expenditures relating to derivative financial instruments
decreased substantially, from €1,828 million to €630 million.
Expenditures relating to currency-translation effects totaled
€1,626 million (prior year: €1,668 million). The prior-year figure
was adversely affected by our obligation to pass on a portion

of the refunded nuclear-fuel tax to the minority shareholders
of our jointly owned power stations (€327 million).

Income from companies accounted for under the equity method
of €269 million was below the prior-year figure of €720 million.
In 2018 we recorded no equity earnings from our Uniper stake
(prior year: €466 million). This effect was partially counteracted
by overall higher earnings from our equity investments in Turkey
(Enerjisa Enerji: -€56 million; Enerjisa Uretim: +€96 million).


--- Page 12 ---

Adjusted EBIT

In 2018 adjusted EBIT in our core business was €74 million
below the prior-year figure. Energy Networks’ adjusted EBIT
declined by €190 million. The principal reasons were the non-
recurrence of a positive one-off item involving the delayed
repayment of personnel costs for regulatory reasons, the sale of
Hamburg Netz, and the beginning of the third regulatory period
for gas in Germany. A reduction in earnings at the East-Central
Europe/Turkey unit resulting from lower equity earnings on our
stake in Enerjisa Enerji in Turkey was another adverse factor.
These items were partially offset by an improved gross margin
in the power business in Sweden, which resulted from tariff
increases. Adjusted EBIT at Customer Solutions declined by
€66 million. The principal causes were persistently challenging
market conditions, a weather-driven reduction in power sales
volume, regulatory effects and higher restructuring expenditures
in the United Kingdom, and the unavailability of a cogeneration
plant that Customer Solutions’ Other unit operates for a cus-
tomer. By contrast, the transfer of the gas business in Sweden
from Energy Networks had a positive effect on earnings. Adjusted
EBIT in Germany was significantly higher primarily because of a
wider gross margin in the power and gas business. Renewables’
adjusted EBIT rose by €67 million, owing in particular to an
increase in owned generation. This was because in 2018 some
wind farms in the United States were, for the first time, opera-
tional for the entire year and because a new wind farm came
online in the United Kingdom.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

31

The E.ON Group's adjusted EBIT was €85 million below the prior-
year figure. In addition to the aforementioned factors affecting
adjusted EBIT in our core businesses, PreussenElektra’s earnings
were adversely impacted by lower sales prices and one-off
effects. This was almost completely offset by higher earnings
from the generation business in Turkey.

E.ON generates a significant portion of its adjusted EBIT in very
stable businesses. Regulated, quasi-regulated, and long-term
contracted businesses accounted for the overwhelming propor-
tion of our adjusted EBIT in 2018.

Our regulated business consists of operations in which reve-
nues are largely set by law and based on costs. The earnings on
these revenues are therefore extremely stable and predictable.

Our quasi-regulated and long-term contracted business consists
of operations in which earnings have a high degree of predict-
ability because key determinants (price and/or volume) are largely
set by law or by individual contractual arrangements for the
medium to long term. Examples of such legal or contractual
arrangements include incentive mechanisms for renewables
and the sale of contracted generating capacity.

Our merchant activities are all those that cannot be subsumed
under either of the other two categories.

Adjusted EBIT

Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2018 2017 +1-% 2018 2017 +/-%
Energy Networks 372 531 -30 1,844 2,034 9
Customer Solutions 53 137 -61 413 479 -14
Renewables 238 206 +16 521 454 +15
Corporate Functions/Other -73 -43 - -153 -275 -
Consolidation -21 3 - -18 -11 -
Adjusted EBIT from core business 569 828 -31 2,607 2,681 -3
Non-Core Business 68 129 -47 382 393 3
Adjusted EBIT 637 957 -33 2,989 3,074 3



--- Page 13 ---

Business Report

Net Income/Loss

We recorded net income attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE
of €3.2 billion and corresponding earnings per share of €1.49.
In the prior year we recorded net income of €3.9 billion and
earnings per share of €1.84.

Pursuant to IFRS 5, income/loss from discontinued operations,
net, is reported separately in the Consolidated Statements of
Income and includes the earnings from the discontinued opera-
tions at Renewables. Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements contains more information.

The tax expense in 2018 amounted to €46 million (2017:
€803 million). In 2018 the tax rate was 1 percent (2017:

16 percent). In the year under review, an increase in tax-free
and tax-exempt earnings components and the reversal of tax
provisions for previous years led to a reduction in the tax rate.
Significant changes in the tax rate relative to the prior year also
reflect one-off items relating to the refund of the nuclear-fuel
tax and the resulting increase in income taxes in Germany. The

Net Income/Loss

32

effects relating to the nuclear-fuel tax led to the utilization of
tax loss carryforwards and were subject to a minimum tax.

Financial results declined by €0.7 billion year on year, mainly
because interest pending during legal proceedings was paid
back in the prior year in conjunction with the refund of the
nuclear-fuel tax.

Net book gains in 2018 were substantially above the prior-year
figure, mainly because of the disposal of our Uniper stake,
Hamburg Netz, and E.ON Gas Sverige. Overall, the initial public
offering of Enerjisa Enerji in Turkey resulted in a book loss. By
contrast, the prior-year figure contains the proceeds from the
sale of a shareholding at Customer Solutions in Sweden as well
as significantly higher book gains on the sale of securities.

Restructuring expenses declined substantially year on year. The
decrease is in part attributable to considerably lower expendi-
tures in conjunction with Group-wide cost-reduction programs.

Fourth quarter Full year

€ in millions 2018 2017 2018 2017
Net income/loss 369 277 3,524 4,180

Attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE 303 219 3,223 3,925

Attributable to non-controlling interests 66 58 301 255
Income/Loss from discontinued operations, net -116 127 -286 -23
Income/Loss from continuing oper: 253 404 3,238 4,157
Income taxes -152 263 46 803
Financial results 215 111 669 -28
Income/Loss from continuing operations before financial results and income taxes 316 778 3,953 4,932
Income/Loss from equity investments -24 -48 44 5
EBIT 292 730
Non-operating adjustments 110 27

Net book gains (-)/losses (+) 2 -87

Restructuring expenses 12 367

Marking to market of derivative financial instruments 295 471

Impairments (+)/Reversals (-) 61 171

Other non-operating earnings 260 -895
Reclassified businesses of Renewables (adjusted EBIT) 235 200
Adjusted EBIT 637 957
Impairments (+)/Reversals (-) 27 33
Scheduled depreciation and amortization 414 356
Reclassified businesses of Renewables
(scheduled depreciation and amortization, impairment charges and reversals) 87 69 331 321
Adjusted EBITDA 1,165 1,415 4,340 4,955


--- Page 14 ---

By contrast, in 2018 we for the first time recorded expenditures
in conjunction with the planned acquisition of innogy.

At December 31, 2018, the marking to market of the derivatives
we use to shield our operating business from price fluctuations
as well as other derivatives resulted in a positive effect of
€610 million (prior year: -€954 million). The positive figure in
2018 is mainly attributable to the derecognition, in the second
quarter, of derivative financial instruments in conjunction with
contractual rights and obligations relating to the sale of our Uniper
stake. As in the prior year, there were also effects resulting from
hedging against price fluctuations, in particular at Customer
Solutions.

In 2018 we recorded impairment charges principally at Cus-
tomer Solutions’ operations in the United Kingdom and at E.ON
Connecting Energies. In the prior year we recorded impairment
charges primarily at Customer Solutions’ operations in the
United Kingdom.

The substantial decline in other non-operating earnings is
chiefly attributable to our receipt of the refund of the nucle-
ar-fuel tax in the prior year, which also includes the equity earn-
ings on our Uniper stake. This stake was reclassified as an asset
held for sale as of the end of September 2017. Since this date,
its book value is no longer recorded in equity.

Adjusted Net Income

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

33

Adjusted Net Income

Like EBIT, net income also consists of non-operating effects,
such as the marking to market of derivatives. Adjusted net
income is an earnings figure after interest income, income taxes,
and non-controlling interests that has been adjusted to exclude
non-operating effects. In addition to the marking to market of
derivatives, the adjustments include book gains and book losses
on disposals, restructuring expenses, other material non-oper-
ating income and expenses (after taxes and non-controlling
interests), and interest expense/income not affecting net income,
which consists of the interest expense/income resulting from
non-operating effects. Adjusted net income includes the earnings
(adjusted to exclude non-operating effects) of the discontinued
operations at Renewables as if they had not been reclassified and
valued pursuant to IFRS 5. Pages 22 and 23 of the Combined
Group Management Report and Notes 4 and 33 of the Consoli-
dated Financial Statements contain more information.

As arule, the EON Management Board uses this figure in
conjunction with its consistent dividend policy and aims for a
continual increase in dividend per share. In view of the planned
acquisition of innogy as part of an extensive asset swap with
RWE, we intend to propose to the Annual Shareholders Meeting
that E.ON pay a dividend of €0.43 per share for the 2018 financial
year. Furthermore, in line with the current dividend policy, the
E.ON Management Board and Supervisory Board will propose
paying shareholders a dividend of €0.46 per share for the 2019
financial year.

Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2018 2017 2018 2017
Income/Loss from continuing operations before financial results and income taxes 316 778 3,953 4,932
Income/Loss from equity investments -24 -48 44 5
EBIT 292 730 3,997 4,927
Non-operating adjustments 110 27 -1,521 -2,293
Reclassified businesses of Renewables (adjusted EBIT) 235 200 513 440
Adjusted EBIT 637 957 2,989 3,074
Net interest income/loss -191 -62 -713 33
Non-operating interest expense (+)/income (-) 53 -87 174 -703
Reclassified businesses of Renewables (operating interest expense (+)/income (-)) -36 -20 -135 -74
Operating earnings before taxes 463 788 2,315 2,330
Taxes on operating earnings -126 -631 -544 -970
Operating earnings attributable to non-controlling interests -54 -93 -221 -278
Reclassified businesses of Renewables (taxes and minority interests on operating earnings) 14 398 -45 345

Adjusted net income



--- Page 15 ---

Business Report

Financial Situation

E.ON presents its financial condition using, among other financial
measures, economic net debt, debt factor, and operating cash
flow.

Finance Strategy

Our finance strategy focuses on E.ON's capital structure. Ensuring
that E.ON has unrestricted access to capital markets is at the
forefront of this strategy.

With our target capital structure we aim to sustainably secure
a strong BBB/Baa rating.

We manage E.ON's capital structure using our debt factor, which
is equal to our economic net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA;

it is therefore a dynamic debt metric. Economic net debt includes
not only our financial liabilities but also our provisions for pensions
and asset-retirement obligations. For the purpose of internal
management control, economic net debt includes the discon-
tinued operations at Renewables as well as the waste-disposal
and dismantling obligations associated with E.ON's stakes

in Emsland and Gundremmingen nuclear power stations at
PreussenElektra, which are classified as a disposal group (see
Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).

The low interest-rate environment continued. In some cases
this led to negative real interest rates on asset-retirement obli-
gations. As in prior years, our provisions therefore exceeded the
amount of our asset-retirement obligations at year-end without
factoring in discounting and cost-escalation effects. This limits
the relevance of economic net debt as a key figure. We want
economic net debt to serve as a useful key figure that aptly depicts
our debt situation. In the case of material provisions affected
by negative real interest rates, we have therefore used the
aforementioned actual amount of the obligations instead of the
balance-sheet figure to calculate our economic net debt since
the 2016 financial year.

Without factoring in the innogy takeover, we target a debt factor
of 4 for the medium term. After the innogy transaction closes,
we will adjust the debt factor for the future E.ON.

Due to the development of our economic net debt described in
the next paragraph, our debt factor at year-end 2018 was 3.4,
which is below our medium-term target of 4.

34

Economic Net Debt

Compared with the figure recorded at December 31, 2017
(€19.2 billion), our economic net debt declined by €2.7 billion
to €16.6 billion, in particular because of the proceeds from
the sale of our Uniper stake. In addition, liquid funds were used
to repay €2 billion in financial liabilities on schedule.

Our net financial position at the balance-sheet date was also
influenced by the dissolution of Versorgungskasse Energie
VVaG i.L. ("VKE i.L.”) in the first quarter of 2018 and the transfer
of these assets to other investment vehicles. Because most of
these assets were transferred to our contractual trust arrange-
ment ("CTA"), this affected our economic net debt only slightly,
since our provisions for pensions were reduced by the nearly
same amount. The impact on our economic net debt of the trans-
fer of the remaining VKE i.L. assets to other share investments
and third parties was offset by positive effects from the sale of
Hamburg Netz.

Economic Net Debt

December 31,
€ in millions 2018 2017
Liquid funds 5,423 5,160
Non-current securities 2,295 2,749
Financial liabilities -10,721 -13,021
FX hedging adjustment -28 114
Net financial position -3,031 -4,998
Provisions for pensions -3,261 -3,620
Asset-retirement obligations? -10,288 -10,630
Economic net debt 16,580 -19,248
Adjusted EBITDA 4,840 4,955
Debt factor 3.4 3.9

{These figures are not the same as the asset-retirement obligations shown in our Consoli-
dated Balance Sheet from continuing and discontinued operations (December 31, 2018:
€11,889 million; December 31, 2017: €11,673 million). This is because we calculate our
economic net debt in part based on the actual amount of our obligations.

Reconciliation of Economic Net Debt

December 31,
€ in millions 2018 2017
Economic net debt -16,580 -19,248
Reclassified businesses of Renewables and
PreussenElektra 1,961 -
Economic net debt (continuing operations) -14,619 19,248



--- Page 16 ---

Funding Policy and Initiatives

The key objective of our funding policy is for E.ON to have access
to a variety of financing sources at all times. We achieve this
objective through different markets and debt instruments to
maximize the diversity of our investor base. We issue bonds with
tenors that give our debt portfolio a balanced maturity profile.
Moreover, we combine large-volume benchmark issues with
smaller issues that take advantage of market opportunities as
they arise. External funding is generally carried out by E.ON SE,
and the funds are subsequently on-lent in the Group. In the past,
external funding was also carried out by our Dutch finance sub-
sidiary, E.ON International Finance B.V. ("EIF"), under guarantee
of E.ON SE. In 2018 we paid back in full maturities of €2 billion.
We issued no new debt.

Financial Liabilities

December 31,

€ in billions 2018 2017
Bonds? 9.0 10.7
EUR 40 40
GBP 3.8 3.9
usD 0.9 25
JPY 0.2 0.2
Other currencies 0.1 0.1
Promissory notes 01 04
Other liabilities 16 19
Total 10.7 13.0

AIncludes private placements.

With the exception of a U.S.-dollar-denominated bond issued in
2008, all of E.ON SE's and EIF's currently outstanding bonds
were issued under our Debt Issuance Program ("DIP"). The DIP
simplifies our ability to issue debt to investors in public and
private placements in flexible time frames. E.ON SE's DIP was
last updated in April 2018 with a total volume of €35 billion, of
which about €9 billion was utilized at year-end 2018. E.ON SE
intends to renew the DIP in 2019.

In addition to our DIP, we have a €10 billion European Commer-
cial Paper ("CP") program and a $10 billion U.S. CP program
under which we can issue short-term notes. At year-end 2018
E.ON again had no CP outstanding.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

35

E.ON also has access to a five-year, €2.75 billion syndicated
revolving credit facility, which was concluded on November 13,
2017, and which includes two options to extend the facility,

in each case for one year. The first option to extend the credit facil-
ity was exercised in November 2018. The facility is undrawn
and rather serves as a reliable, ongoing general liquidity reserve
for the E.ON Group. The credit facility is made available by

18 banks which constitute E.ON's core group of banks.

To finance the voluntary public takeover offer for innogy SE stock,
E.ON originally secured a €5 billion acquisition facility to fund
the acquisition of innogy stock not held by RWE. Considering
the tender ratio under the voluntary public takeover offer, E.ON
reduced the facility to €1.75 billion.

Alongside financial liabilities, EON has, in the course of its busi-
ness operations, entered into contingencies and other financial
obligations. These include, in particular, guarantees, obligations
from legal disputes and damage claims, as well as current and
non-current contractual, legal, and other obligations. Notes 26,
27, and 31 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contain
more information about E.ON's bonds as well as liabilities, con-
tingencies, and other commitments.

E.ON's creditworthiness has been assessed by Standard & Poor's
(S&P) and Moody's with long-term ratings of BBB and Baa2,
respectively. The outlook for both ratings is stable. Both S&P
and Moody's anticipate that over the near and medium term
E.ON will be able to take over innogy and to maintain a debt
ratio commensurate with these ratings. S&P’s and Moody's
short-term ratings are unchanged at A-2 and P-2, respectively.

E.ON SE Ratings

Longterm Short term Outlook
Moody's Baa2 P-2 Stable
Standard & Poor's BBB A2 Stable



--- Page 17 ---

Business Report

E.ON strives to maintain rating agencies and investors’ trust by
means of a clear strategy and transparent communications.
To achieve this purpose, we hold E.ON debt investor updates in

36

major European financial centers and an annual informational
meeting for our core group of banks.

Maturity Profile of Bonds and Promissory Notes Issued by E.ON SE and E.ON International Finance B.V.

€ in billions

4.0

3.0

2.0

10

December 31, 2018

2019 2020 2021 2022

Investments

In 2018 investments in our core business and in the E.ON Group
as a whole were above the prior-year level. We invested about
€3 billion in property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets
(prior year: €3.1 billion). Share investments totaled €493 million
versus €232 million in the prior year.

2023 2024 2025 2026

Investments

€ in millions 2018 2017 +1-%
Energy Networks 1,597 1,419 +13
Customer Solutions 637 596 +7
Renewables 1,037 1,225 -15
Corporate Functions/Other 86 53 +62
Consolidation -3 1 -
Investments in core business 3,354 3,294 +2
Non-Core Business 169 14 -
E.ON Group investments 3,523 3,308 +6

2027+

Energy Networks’ investments were substantially above the
prior-year level. Investments in Germany of €802 million were
significantly above the prior-year figure of €703 million, primarily
because of expansion, upgrades, and replacements in our power
grids there. Investments in Sweden were at the prior-year level.
Investments in East-Central Europe/Turkey were €83 million
higher, in particular because of the transfer of investment projects
(especially for replacement investments) in the Czech Republic
from Customer Solutions to Energy Networks.


--- Page 18 ---

Customer Solutions invested €41 million more than in the prior
year. Investments in Sweden were significantly higher, partic-
ularly for the maintenance, upgrade, and expansion of existing
assets and for the heat distribution network. By contrast, the
aforementioned transfer of investment projects from Customer
Solutions to Energy Networks led to significantly lower invest-
ments in the Czech Republic. In addition, EON Connecting
Energies invested in embedded power plants at customers’
facilities. On balance, investments in Germany and the United
Kingdom were at the prior-year level.

Investments at Renewables were €188 million lower. Invest-
ments in property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets
declined by €286 million year on year, primarily because of

the completion of large new-build projects (Radford’s Run,
Bruenning's Breeze, and Rampion); the first two entered service
at the end of 2017, the third in April 2018. By contrast, invest-
ments in shareholdings were €98 million higher, due principally
to expenditures for the Arkona project.

Investments at Non-Core Business were €155 million above
the prior-year level, primarily because of a capital increase at
Enerjisa Uretim in Turkey, which we account for using the equity
method. The capital increase was covered by cash inflow from
the initial public offering of Enerjisa Enerji.

Cash Flow

Cash provided by operating activities of continuing and discon-
tinued operations before interest and taxes of €4.1 billion was
€6.3 billion above the prior-year level. The main reason for the
increase is that in July 2017 we paid about €10.3 billion into
Germany's public fund to finance nuclear-waste disposal. This
amount was partially offset by the roughly €2.85 billion nuclear-
fuel-tax refund we received in June 2017 and positive working-
capital effects in 2017. The adverse factors affecting cash
provided by operating activities of continuing and discontinued
operations included higher interest and tax payments.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

37

Cash provided by investing activities of continuing and discon-
tinued operations totaled approximately +€1 billion versus
-€0.4 billion in the prior year. The sale of our stake in Uniper SE
was the principal factor (+€3.8 billion). This was partially offset
by a year-on-year reduction in the net cash inflow from the sale
of securities and changes in financial liabilities (-€1.9 billion)
and an increase in cash-effective investments (-€0.2 billion).

Cash Flow*

€ in millions 2018 2017

Cash provided by (used for) operating

activities (operating cash flow) 2,853 -2,952
Operating cash flow before interest and taxes 4,087 -2,235
Cash provided by (used for) investing
activities 1,011 -391
Cash provided by (used for) financing
activities -2,637 540

2From continuing and discontinued operations.

Cash provided by financing activities of continuing and discon-
tinued operations of -€2.6 million was €3.1 billion below the
prior-year figure of +€0.5 billion. This is principally attributable
to the issuance of €2 billion in bonds in the first half of 2017
and the roughly €1.35 billion capital increase conducted in
March 2017. In addition, E.ON SE's dividend payout was about
€0.3 billion higher than in the prior year. These items were par-
tially offset by a reduction in cash outflow to repay bonds.


--- Page 19 ---

Business Report

Asset Situation

Our total assets and liabilities of €54.3 billion were about
€1.6 billion, or 3 percent, below the figure from year-end 2017.
Non-current assets of €30.9 billion were €9.3 billion lower than
at year-end 2017, in particular because of the reclassification
of operations at Renewables that are to be transferred to RWE.
This resulted in the reclassification of non-current assets as
assets held for sale, which are reported under current assets.
This reclassification led, in particular, to a significant reduction
in fixed assets.

Current assets increased by 48 percent, from €15.8 billion to
€23.4 billion, mainly because of the aforementioned reclassifi-
cation of assets at Renewables in the amount of €11.3 billion.
The derecognition of our Uniper stake in the amount of €3 billion,
which had been classified as an asset held for sale, had a counter-
vailing effect.

Our equity ratio (including non-controlling interests) at Decem-
ber 31, 2018, was 16 percent, which is 4 percentage points
higher than at year-end 2017. This change primarily reflects our

38

positive net income in 2018. The dividend payout of €0.9 billion
and the revaluation of pension obligations in the amount of
€0.5 billion due to altered actuarial assumptions were counter-
vailing factors. Equity attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE
was about €5.8 billion at year-end 2018. Equity attributable to
non-controlling interests was roughly €2.8 billion.

Non-current debt decreased by €4.7 billion, or 13 percent. This
was likewise attributable to the aforementioned reclassification
of operations at Renewables as discontinued operations. In addi-
tion, the waste-disposal and dismantling obligations associated
with our stakes in Emsland and Gundremmingen nuclear power
stations, which are to be transferred to RWE, were reclassified
as current debt. A decline in provisions for pensions was another
reason that non-current debt was lower.

Current debt of €15.3 billion was 9 percent above the figure at
year-end 2017, due mainly to the aforementioned effects of
the reclassification of debt at Renewables and PreussenElektra.
By contrast, the repayment of a dollar-denominated bond in
the amount of roughly €1.7 billion in April 2018 and a decline
in operating liabilities served to reduce current debt.

Consolidated Assets, Liabilities, and Equity
Dec. 31, Dec. 31,

€ in millions 2018 % 2017 %
Non-current assets 30,883 57 40,164 72
Current assets 23,441 43 15,786 28
Total assets 54,324 100 55,950 100
Equity 8,518 16 6,708 12
Non-current liabilities 30,545 56 35,198 63
Current liabilities 15,261 28 14,044 25
Total equity and liabilities 54,324 100 55,950 100

Additional information about our asset situation is contained in
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


--- Page 20 ---

E.ON SE's Earnings, Financial, and Asset
Situation

E.ON SE prepares its Financial Statements in accordance with
the German Commercial Code, the SE Ordinance (in conjunction
with the German Stock Corporation Act), and the Electricity and
Gas Supply Act (Energy Industry Act).

Balance Sheet of E.ON SE (Summary)

December 31,
€ in millions 2018 2017
Intangible assets and property, plant, and
equipment 10 12
Financial assets 33,241 37,358
Non-current assets 33,251 37,370
Receivables from affiliated companies 7,472 7,697
Other receivables and assets 1,932 1,349
Liquid funds 3,041 2,025
Current assets 12,445 11,071
Accrued expenses 28 36
Asset surplus after offsetting of benefit
obligations - 1
Total assets 45,724 48,478
Equity 9,432 9,029
Provisions 1,480 2,127
Bonds 2,000 2,000
Liabilities to affiliated companies 32,456 34,350
Other liabilities 354 970
Deferred income 2 2
Total equity and liabilities 45,724 48,478

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

39

E.ON SE is the parent company of the E.ON Group. As such, its
earnings, financial, and asset situation is affected by income
from equity interests. The positive figure recorded for this item
in 2018 reflects, in particular, the in-phase distribution of net
income available for distribution from E.ON Beteiligungen
GmbH resulting from the release of capital reserves, of which
€2,320 million was recorded in earnings, and a profit transfer
of €725 million from E.ON Beteiligungen GmbH. The primary
countervailing factors were the expenditures from loss trans-
fers of €1,017 million from E.ON Finanzanlagen GmbH and of
€787 million from E.ON US Holding GmbH.

The change in liabilities resulted mainly from the aforementioned
distribution of net profit from E.ON Beteiligungen GmbH, as well
as, by contrast, from the sale of Uniper stock to energy company
Fortum Corporation, Espoo, Finland, by E.ON Beteiligungen GmbH
in June 2018 (€3.8 billion). Due to cash pooling, this led to an
increase in intragroup liabilities. Considering these items as well
as the repayment of mature bonds and the €650 million dividend
payout, on balance liquid funds increased by €1,016 million.

In addition, the aforementioned repayment of €755 million in
bonds and the €3,480 million of the distribution of net income
from E.ON Beteiligungen GmbH that was not recorded in earn-
ings were the main factors in the reduction in financial assets.

The change in equity results from net income and the divided
payout in 2018.

Information on treasury shares can be found in Note 19 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.


--- Page 21 ---

Business Report

Income Statement of E.ON SE (Summary)

€ in millions 2018 2017
Income from equity interests 1171 4,676
Interest income/loss -140 -1,368
Other expenditures and income -225 -497
Taxes 247 -171
Net income 1,053 2,640
Net income transferred to retained earnings - -1,320
Net income available for distribution 1,053 1,320

The increase in interest income/loss is primarily attributable to
the market-value adjustment carried out in the previous year,
which resulted from the intragroup restructuring of liabilites due
to the transfer of loans to E.ON Finanzholding SE & Co. KG.

The negative figure recorded under other expenditures and
income results primarily from expenditures of €171 million for
third-party services, personnel expenditures of €138 million,
net currency translation losses of €106 million, expenditures
of €93 million for consulting and auditing services, and income
of €271 million from a necessary adjustment for certain environ-
mental remediation obligations of predecessor entities.

40

The Company recorded total income taxes of roughly

€248 million (income) in 2018. Applying the minimum tax
rate resulted in corporate taxes of €14 million, a solidarity
surcharge of about €1 million, and trade taxes of €10 million in
2018. Tax income for previous years amounted to €273 million.

At the Annual Shareholders Meeting on May 14, 2019, manage-
ment will propose that net income available for distribution

be used to pay a dividend of €0.43 per ordinary share and the
remaining amount of €121 million to be brought forward as
retained earnings.

Management's proposal for the use of net income available
fordistribution is based on the number of ordinary shares on
February 28, 2019, the date the Financial Statements of E.ON SE
were prepared.

Furthermore, in line with the current dividend policy, the E.ON
Management Board and Supervisory Board will propose paying
shareholders a dividend of €0.46 per share for the 2019 financial
year.

The complete Financial Statements of E.ON SE, with an unqual-
ified opinion issued by the auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers
GmbH, Wirtschaftspriifungsgesellschaft, Diisseldorf, will be
announced in the Bundesanzeiger. Copies are available on request
from E.ON SE and at www.eon.com.


--- Page 22 ---

Other Financial and Non-Financial Performance
Indicators

ROCE and Value Added

Cost of Capital

The cost of capital is determined by calculating the weighted-
average cost of equity and debt. This average represents the
market-rate returns expected by stockholders and creditors.
The cost of equity is the return expected by an investor in E.ON
stock. The cost of debt equals the long-term financing terms that
apply in the E.ON Group. The parameters of the cost-of-capital
determination are reviewed on an annual basis.

Our review of the parameters in 2018 led to no change in the
after-tax cost of capital, which remained 4.7 percent. This
was mainly because general interest-rate levels were almost
unchanged, resulting in a stable risk-free interest rate and a
constant market-risk premium. The table below shows the deri-
vation of cost of capital before and after taxes.

Cost of Capital

2018 2017
Risk-free interest rate 1.25% 1.25%
Market premium? 6.25% 6.25%
Debt-free beta factor 0.48 0.50
Indebted beta factor? 0.95 1.01
Cost of equity after taxes 7.20% 7.50%
Average tax rate 27% 27%
Cost of equity before taxes 9.9% 10.3%
Cost of debt before taxes 2.9% 2.4%
Marginal tax rate 27% 27%
Cost of debt after taxes 2.10% 1.80%
Share of equity 50% 50%
Share of debt 50% 50%
Cost of capital after taxes 4.70% 4.70%
Cost of capital before taxes 6.40% 6.40%

{The market premium reflects the higher long-term returns of the stock market compared
with government bonds.

2The beta factor is used as an indicator of a stock's relative risk. A beta of more than one
signals a higher risk than the risk level of the overall market; a beta factor of less than one
signals a lower risk.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

41

Analyzing Value Creation by Means of ROCE and Value Added
ROCE is a pretax total return on capital and is defined as the
ratio of our adjusted EBIT to annual average capital employed.

Annual average capital employed represents the interest-bearing
capital invested in our operating business. It is calculated by sub-
tracting non-interest-bearing available capital from non-current
and current operating assets. Depreciable non-current assets
are included at their book value. Goodwill from acquisitions is
included at acquisition cost, as long as this reflects its fair value.
Changes to E.ON’s portfolio during the course of the year are
factored into average capital employed. For purposes of internal
management control, average capital employed includes activi-
ties at Renewables classified as discontinued operations.

Annual average capital employed does not include the marking
to market of other share investments and derivatives. The
purpose of excluding these items is to provide us with a more
consistent picture of our ROCE performance.

Value added measures the return that exceeds the cost of capi-
tal employed. It is calculated as follows:

Value added = (ROCE - cost of capital) x annual average capital
employed.


--- Page 23 ---

Business Report 42

ROCE Performance in 2018

ROCE decreased from 10.6 percent in 2017 to 10.4 percent

in 2018 owing to the decline in adjusted EBIT and the increase
in capital employed. Overall, ROCE of 10.4 percent surpassed
pretax cost of capital, which was unchanged relative to the prior
year, yielding value added of about €1.15 billion.

The table below shows the E.ON Group's ROCE, value added,
and their derivation.

ROCE

€ in millions 2018 2017
Goodwill, intangible assets, and property, plant, and equipment 30,915 30,345
Shares in affiliated and associated companies and other share investments 4,263 4,339
Non-current assets 35,178 34,684
Inventories 710 794
Other non-interest-bearing assets/liabilities, including deferred income and deferred tax assets? -4,862 -5,688
Current assets 4,152 -4,893
Non-interest-bearing provisions? -1,655 -1,541
Capital employed in continuing and discontinued operations (at year-end)* 29,371 28,250
Capital employed in continuing and discontinued operations (annual average)* 28,811 29,112
Adjusted EBIT® 2,989 3,074
ROCE® 10.4% 10.6%
Cost of capital before taxes 6.4% 6.4%
Value added” 1,145 1,211

{Depreciable non-current assets are included at their book value. Goodwill from acquisitions is included at acquisition cost, as long as this reflects its fair value.
2Examples of other non-interest-bearing assets/liabilities include income tax receivables and income taxes as well as receivables and payables relating to derivatives.

®Non-interest-bearing provisions mainly include current provisions, such as those relating to sales and procurement market obligations. They do not include provisions for pensions or nuclear-waste
management.

“For purposes of internal management control, average capital employed includes activities at Renewables classified as discontinued operations.

Sin order to better depict intraperiod fluctuations in average capital employed, annual average capital employed is calculated as the arithmetic average of the amounts at the beginning of the year
and the end of the year.

“Adjusted for non-operating effects; for purposes of internal management control, adjusted EBIT includes the earnings from activities at Renewables classified as discontinued operations.

*ROCE = adjusted EBIT divided by annual average capital employed.

"Value added = (ROCE - cost of capital) x annual average capital employed.



--- Page 24 ---

Employees

People Strategy

We developed our People Strategy to enable E.ON to maintain
continuity in times of change, regardless of how the organiza-
tion structures its business or how we adjust our strategic pri-
orities in order to meet customer needs.

The three focus areas of our People Strategy are: Preparing Our
People for the Future, Providing Opportunities, and Recognizing
Performance. In 2018 we continued to bring these focus areas
to life through a combination of local unit-level activity and
Group-wide projects:

¢ Continuing to implement grow@E.ON, a Group-wide frame-
work for the personal and professional development of our
employees and managers (Preparing for the Future)

¢ Developing and rolling out a Group-wide employee value
proposition (Providing Opportunities)

« Embedding YES! Awards, a way we recognize outstanding
achievements as they happen and further motivate employ-
ees (Recognizing Performance).

In addition, we continued the process of digitizing our HR offer-
ings. In particular, the basic components of grow@E.ON consist
of modern applications harnessing the potential of advanced IT

solutions, such as Cloud-based platforms that can be accessed

from anywhere.

Collaborative Partnership with Employee Representatives
Working with employee representatives as partners has a long
tradition at E.ON. This collaborative partnership is integral to
our corporate culture.

At a European level, E.ON management works closely together
with the SE Works Council of E.ON SE, which consists of repre-
sentatives from all European countries in which E.ON operates.
Under the SE Agreement, the SE Works Council of E.ON SE is
informed and consulted about issues that transcend national
borders. A special emphasis is placed on the early and open dis-
cussion of employee matters.

In 2014 management and the Group Works Council in Germany
concluded the Agreement on the Future Social Partnership. The
agreement stipulates key principles of the social partnership
between the Company and its employee representatives and

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

43

thus manifests a shared responsibility for the Company and its
employees. It has proven its worth and remains to this day the
foundation for a successful social partnership at E.ON.

Consequently, the mechanisms are in place for mutually trustful,
respectful, and transparent dialog between management and
employee representatives at a European and national level. For
the benefit of our employees and our company, management
and employee representatives’ shared objective is for this proven
collaborative partnership to continue and further develop in the
future.

innogy Integration and the Involvement of Employee
Representatives

Social partnership is particularly important in times of change.
The planned integration of innogy into the E.ON Group also will
be conducted in a close, collaborative partnership between the
Company and its employee representatives. In July the E.ON
Management Board, the SE Works Council, and the Group Works
Council therefore concluded a Framework Agreement, which
applies to all E.ON companies in Europe.

In essence, the Framework Agreement provides that the close
cooperation and partnership which the Company and its employee
representatives have practiced for many years in Group-wide
transformation projects will be continued in the planned inte-
gration of innogy. In addition, the Agreement lays down key
principles for the social protection of employees affected by
changes. It also defines the key elements of a binding operational
framework for the future involvement of employee represen-
tatives and for change management related to the integration
process during the years ahead.

Specific points covered by the Agreement include:

¢ ensuring early and comprehensive transparency regarding
the project

¢ placing a strong and comprehensive focus on providing the
required training to employees

* mutually agreeing that management and employee repre-
sentatives will seek to reach consensus-based solutions to
necessary organizational changes

¢ taking into account the interests of severely disabled
employees when allocating jobs and filling positions


--- Page 25 ---

Business Report

* generally ensuring economically equivalent working condi-
tions when transferring employees

* continuing to place a particular emphasis on training young
people

* retaining current social support agreements, unless they are
superseded by other agreements.

In November innogy’s Group Works Council and SE Works Council
acceded to the Agreement. This now establishes that the Agree-
ment will apply to all employees of the future E.ON, regardless
of which company they work for prior to the planned integration.
It reflects the close and trusting collaboration between E.ON
and innogy's codetermination councils. As soon as legally permis-
sible, innogy employee representatives will be involved in the
project work and in shaping overarching strategic processes.

Employee Development and Working Conditions

We aim to attract talented people to our company and provide
them with a work environment that enables them to do their
best. Our People Strategy helps us do this, especially in times
of change. Its three focus areas—Preparing Our People for the
Future, Providing Opportunities, and Recognizing Performance—
are crucial for maintaining attractive working conditions and
fostering our employees’ personal and professional development.
Akey enabler for the latter is Grow@E.ON, a Group-wide compe-
tency framework that is integrated into all our HR mechanisms.
It helps ensure that we recruit, retain, and develop the people
who will continue to drive E.ON's success. We offer a range of
career paths. This ensures that we are an attractive employer
to people who wish to pursue a specialist or a generalist career.

In 2018 we decentralized our HR activities to be closer to the
business. One important function of Group HR is the HR man-
agement of our company’s top 100 leaders. These tasks include
executive development, placement, succession planning, and
talent pipeline management. Each unit must have in place its
own mechanisms to identify and develop talent and to conduct

Aa,

succession planning. Its management's responsibilities include
ensuring that all new employees receive a company orientation
as well as training on essential topics like health and safety. For
this purpose, the units may use standardized E.ON e-learning
modules. These and other virtual learning tools as well as courses
and training programs are offered by the HR Business Solutions
team in Group HR. E-Learning is an effective, flexible, and up-to-
date way of delivering learning to our employees.

The Senior Vice President for HR is periodically invited to attend
Management Board meetings to talk about employee issues.
The Management Board discusses the current status of our talent
pool each time a top executive position is filled. Once or twice

a year, it gets an overview of our entire talent pool, including
lower levels of management.

To ensure our people have a consistent framework within our
decentralized management approach, the HR team and the
E.ON Management Board developed and approved our People
Commitments in 2017. They establish twelve principles that
articulate our values and how we treat our employees. These
principles are binding for the entire E.ON Group and are fully
supported by the SE Works Council of E.ON SE. Units have
adopted these principles in a way that reflects their particular
legal, cultural, and business environment. Our People Guidelines
and our People Commitments encompass a number of policies
and guidelines. Examples include agreements on remote working
and flexible work arrangements, such as sabbaticals, part-time
work, and special holidays. Our international transfer policy
governs the temporary foreign deployment of our employees.
The average length of a foreign deployment is between two
and three years.

We have in place a wide range of measures to make working
at E.ON attractive and to develop our employees. E.ON offers
vocational training in numerous careers and work-study pro-
grams. One example is the E.ON training initiative in Germany,
which helps school-leavers get a start on their careers through
internships that prepare them for an apprenticeship as well

as school projects and other programs. The E.ON Graduate Pro-
gram ("EGP") recruits highly qualified university graduates for a
24-month program during which they receive a broad overview


--- Page 26 ---

of our business through three to six deployments in different
E.ON units and departments. In 2018 we offered the EGP in
the United Kingdom, Sweden, the Czech Republic, Hungary, and
Romania.

We use a single management hiring process throughout the
Group. It is designed to improve how we fill senior management
positions, make hiring more transparent, and ensure equal
opportunity. Its main component is a biweekly placement con-
ference at which HR managers from around our company dis-
cuss vacancies and potential candidates. We also conduct an
annual management review. These mechanisms ensure that our
managers are engaged in ongoing professional development
and that we have a transparent view of our current talent situa-
tion and our needs for the future.

We believe that an attractive compensation package including
appealing fringe benefits is essential for rewarding our employ-
ees. The compensation plans of nearly all our employees contain
an element that reflects the company’s performance. This element
is typically based on the same key performance indicators that
are also used in the Management Board's compensation plan.

E.ON has a long tradition of maintaining a constructive, mutually
trusting partnership with employee representatives (see the
section above entitled Collaborative Partnership with Employee
Representatives). Our relationship with employees and their rep-
resentatives is founded on a social partnership.

Diversity

Going forward, diversity will remain a key element of E.ON's
competitiveness. Diversity and an appreciative corporate culture
promote creativity and innovation. This is a central aspect of
the E.ON vision as well. E.ON brings together a diverse team of
people who differ by nationality, age, gender, disability, religion,
and/or cultural and social background. We foster and utilize
diversity in specific ways and create an inclusive work environ-
ment. Diversity is a key success factor. Studies have shown that
heterogeneous teams outperform homogenous ones. Diversity
is equally crucial in view of demographic trends. Going forward,
only those companies that embrace diversity will be able to
remain attractive employers and be less affected by the shortage

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

45

of skilled workers. In addition, a diverse workforce enables us

to do an even better job of meeting our customers’ needs and
requirements. In 2006 we issued a Group Policy on Equal Oppor-
tunity and Diversity. In late 2016 E.ON along with the SE Works
Council of E.ON SE renewed this commitment to diversity.

In April 2018 the E.ON Management Board, the German Groups
Works Council, and the Group representation for severely dis-
abled persons signed the Shared Understanding of Implementing
Inclusion at E.ON, creating a strong foundation for integrating
people with disabilities into our organization.

In 2008 E.ON publicly affirmed its commitment to fairness and
respect by signing the German Diversity Charter, which now
has about 2,700 signatories. E.ON therefore belongs to a large
network of companies committed to diversity, tolerance, fairness,
and respect.

Our approach to promoting diversity is holistic, encompassing
all dimensions of diversity. It ensures equal opportunity for all
employees and fosters and harnesses diversity in an individual
way. However, we prioritize three dimensions: gender, age, and
internationality.

In 2018 we again implemented numerous measures to promote
diversity at E.ON. An important purpose of these measures is

to foster the career development of female managers. We set
new, ambitious targets to increase the proportion of women in
management positions. By year-end 2026, we want the propor-
tion of women in management positions to be the same—32 per-
cent—as the proportion of women in our overall workforce was
at year-end 2016. Each unit has specific targets, and progress
towards these targets is monitored at regular intervals. We also
have Group-wide recruiting and hiring guidelines for management
positions. These guidelines require that at least one male and
one female must be on the short list for a vacant management
position. Through these measures, the proportion of women in
management positions rose from just over 11 percent in 2010
to 21.2 percent at year-end 2018 for the Group as a whole

and from 9 percent to 15.9 percent for Germany. Our units have


--- Page 27 ---

Business Report

had support mechanisms for female managers in place for a
number of years. These mechanisms include mentoring programs
for female next-generation managers, coaching, training to
prevent unconscious bias, the provision of daycare, and flexible
work schedules. Increasing the percentage of women in our
internal talent pool is a further prerequisite for raising, over the
long term, their percentage in management and top executive
positions.

More information about E.ON's compliance with Germany's Law
for the Equal Participation of Women and Men in Leadership
Positions in the Private Sector and the Public Sector can be found
in management's statement regarding this law.

Workforce Figures

At year-end 2018 the E.ON Group had 43,302 employees world-
wide, slightly more (+1.4 percent) than at year-end 2017. E.ON
also had 899 apprentices in Germany and 132 board members
and managing directors worldwide.

Employees?
December 31,

Headcount 2018 2017 +1-%
Energy Networks 17,896 17,379 +3
Customer Solutions 19,692 19,519 +1
Renewables 1,374 1,206 +14
Corporate Functions/Other? 2,447 2,683 -9
Core business 41,409 40,787 +2
Non-Core Business 1,893 1,912 1
E.ON Group 43,302 42,699 +1

{Does not include board members, managing directors, or apprentices.
“Includes E.ON Business Services.

46

The main reason for the increase in Energy Networks’ headcount
was the filling of vacancies (in Germany, predominantly with
apprentices who had successfully completed their training) to
expand the business and the integration of formerly outsourced
activities in Romania. In the Czech Republic, employees were
transferred to this segment from Customer Solutions. These
effects were partially offset by the sale of Hamburg Netz GmbH.

The increase in the number of employees at Customer Solutions
mainly reflects the transfer of employees who were previously
reported under Corporate Functions/Other and new hiring in the
Czech Republic, Romania, and Sweden. The increase was par-
tially offset by the impact of restructuring projects in Germany
and, in particular, the United Kingdom.

The expansion of onshore operations (particularly in the United
States), offshore operations in Germany and the United King-
dom, and support functions led to an increase in Renewables’
headcount.

The transfer of employees to other segments, in particular Cus-

tomer Solutions, was the main reason for the significant decline
in the number of employees at Corporate Functions/Other. The

Phoenix reorganization program also led to staff reductions.

Non-Core Business consists of our nuclear energy business in
Germany. Its headcount decreased because of the ongoing
transition from power generation to asset dismantling, which
requires fewer employees.


--- Page 28 ---

Geographic Profile

At year-end 2018, 27,399 employees, or 63 percent of all
employees, were working outside Germany, slightly more than
the 62 percent at year-end 2017.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

47

Employees by Country?
Headcount FTES
Dec. 31, Dec. 31, Dec. 31, Dec. 31,
2018 2017 2018 2017
Germany 15,903 16,138 15,400 15,635
United Kingdom 9,502 9,975 9,077 9,504
Romania 6,427 5,711 6,363 5,648
Hungary 5,244 5,081 5,234 5,073
Czech Republic 2,771 2,563 2,758 2,549
Sweden 2,058 1,990 2,027 1,968
USA 681 585 679 585
Other? 716 656 703 647

Figures do not include board members, managing directors, or apprentices.
AIncludes Poland, Italy, Denmark, and other countries.
Full-time equivalent.

Gender and Age Profile, Part-Time Staff
As at the end of 2017, 32 percent of our employees were women
at the end of 2018.

At year-end 2018 the average E.ON Group employee was about
42 years old and had worked for us for just under 14 years.

Employees by Age
Proportion of Female Employees Percentages at year-end 2018 2017
Percentages 2018 2017 30 and younger 19 18
Energy Networks 21 20 31 to 50 53 54
Customer Solutions 43 43 51 and older 28 28
Renewables 20 21
Corporate Functions/Other* 49 45
Core business 32 32
Non-Core Business 13 13
E.ON Group 32 32

Includes E.0N Business Services.


--- Page 29 ---

Business Report

A total of 3,328 employees, or 8 percent of all EON Group
employees, were on a part-time schedule. Of these, 2,673, or
80 percent, were women.

Percentages 2018 2017

Energy Networks 5 5
Customer Solutions 10 1
Renewables 3 3
Corporate Functions/Other* 12 12
Core business 7 8
Non-Core Business 8 6
E.ON Group 8 8

Includes E.0N Business Services.

The turnover rate resulting from voluntary terminations averaged
4.8 percent across the organization, slightly higher than in the
prior year (4.6 percent).

Turnover Rate

Percentages 2018 2017
Energy Networks. 18 17
Customer Solutions 7.2 67
Renewables 87 9.3
Corporate Functions/Other* 76 8.6
Core business 49 48
Non-Core Business 16 21
E.ON Group 48 46

‘Includes E.ON Business Services.

48

Occupational Health and Safety

Occupational health and safety have the highest priority at E.ON.
E.ON employees’ total recordable injury frequency (“TRIF") was
2.5 in 2018, similarly low as in the prior year (2.3).

TRIF measures the number of reported fatalities and occupa-
tional injuries and illnesses per million hours of work. It includes
injuries that occur during work-related travel that result in

lost time or no lost time and/or that lead to medical treatment,
restricted work, or work at a substitute workstation.

Unfortunately, three E.ON employees died on the job in 2018.
In addition, two contractor employees died while working for us.
The accidents occurred in Germany, Romania, Sweden, the
Czech Republic, and Hungary.

To continually improve their safety performance, our units have
in place health, safety, and environmental ("HSE") management
systems certified to internationally recognized standards. They
also develop HSE improvement plans based on a management
review. Centrally mandated HSE activities for all E.ON companies
in 2018 included conducting one-day HSE culture workshops
for our 100 most senior executives including other culture initia-
tives, rolling out a Group-wide software solution for reporting
and investigating incidents (PRISMA), and refining our processes
for incident management through stricter standards and special
training in root-cause analysis for investigators. In addition, all
units were required to continue conducting the HSE leadership
training begun in 2017 and to review risks posed by new cus-
tomer solutions.


--- Page 30 ---

The healthcare systems of the countries we operate in differ
considerably in terms of their delivery of medical care, their
health-insurance and pension systems, and their legal require-
ments for occupational health and safety. Nevertheless, the
most common illnesses resulting in an inability to work are the
same in all countries: musculoskeletal disorders, psychological
problems, and respiratory infections. The leading causes of
death are the same as well: heart disease and cancer. E.ON's
health management focuses on preventing these diseases. We
strive to prevent psychological problems by providing mental-
health training and by conducting an employee-assistance
program, which gives employees free access to outside health
consultants and social counseling. Checkups and preventive
care (fit-for-work examinations) by our company doctors help
to reduce general and workplace-specific risks. We also con-
duct campaigns to raise awareness of diseases such as bowel
cancer and the importance of early cancer detection. Flu vacci-
nation programs help to prevent dangerous illnesses. Together,
these programs address the increasing significance of health
and well-being for maintaining our employees' ability to work,
in particular by focusing on their mental health.

Apprentices in Germany

CEO Letter

Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

49

Compensation, Pension Plans, Employee Participation
Attractive compensation and appealing fringe benefits are
essential to a competitive work environment. The compensation
plans of nearly all our employees contain an element that reflects
the company’s performance. This element is typically based
on the same key performance indicators that are also used in
the Management Board's compensation plan.

Company contributions to employee pension plans represent an
important component of an employee's compensation package
and have long had a prominent place in the E.ON Group. They are
an important foundation of employees’ future financial security
and also foster employee retention.

Apprenticeships

E.ON continues to place great emphasis on vocational training
for young people. The E.ON Group had 899 apprentices and
work-study students in Germany at year-end 2018. This repre-
sented 5.4 percent of E.ON's total workforce in Germany, slightly
less than at the end of the prior year (5.5 percent).

E.ON provides vocational training in more then 20 careers and
work-study programs in order to meet its own needs for skilled
workers and to take targeted action to address the consequences
of demographic change.

Headcount Percentage of workforce
Atyear-end 2018 2017 2018 2017
Energy Networks 818 846 8.4 85
Customer Solutions 24 20 0.9 08
Renewables - - - -
Corporate Functions/Other 14 29 0.7 13
Core business 856 895 58 5.9
Non-Core Business 43 47 2.2 24
E.ON Group 899 942 54 5.5



--- Page 31 ---

Forecast Report

Forecast Report
Business Environment

Macroeconomic Situation

In November 2018 the OECD predicted that global economic
growth will remain strong in 2019 and in 2020, although it will
be slightly below the peak of 2018. It expects the global economy
to grow by 3.5 percent in 2019 and 2020. The corresponding
figures for the United States are 2.7 percent and 2.1 percent,
whereas weaker growth (1.8 percent and 1.6 percent) is forecast
for the euro zone.

Anticipated Earnings Situation

Forecast Earnings Performance

In line with our corporate strategy as well as the macroeco-
nomic and industry-specific environment, we are addressing
the challenges in our operating business. We want to make
Energy Networks even more high-performing, in particular
through innovative digital solutions at all of our network com-
panies. We want to expand Customer Solutions’ market share
and make it more profitable.

Against this backdrop, we expect the E.ON Group's 2019
adjusted EBIT to be between €2.9 and €3.1 billion and its 2019
adjusted net income to be between €1.4 and €1.6 billion. In
addition, we expect to achieve a cash-conversion rate of at least
80 percent and ROCE of 8 to 10 percent.

At this time, we are issuing no statements about the possible
future implications of the acquisition of innogy as part of a
extensive asset swap with RWE, in particular because it is sub-
ject to the usual antitrust approvals.

50

Our forecast by segment:

Adjusted EBIT?

€ in billions 2019 (forecast) 2018
Energy Networks Slightly above prior year 18
Customer Solutions Significantly below prior year 04
Renewables Above prior year 05
Corporate Functions/Other Above prior year -0.2
Non-Core Business At prior-year level 04
E.ON Group 2.9t03.1 3.0

1Adjusted for non-operating effects.

We expect Energy Networks’ 2019 adjusted EBIT to be slightly
above the prior-year figure. The network business in Germany
will deliver a positive performance and benefit from additional
investments in its regulated asset base. In addition, higher power
tariffs in Sweden will increase earnings. The new regulatory
period for gas networks in Romania will have an adverse impact.

We anticipate that Customer Solutions’ adjusted EBIT will be
significantly below the prior-year level. The intervention of the
U.K. Competition and Markets Authority will be the primary
negative factor.

We expect Renewables’ adjusted EBIT to be above the prior-year
level. The completion of Arkona offshore wind farm in December
2018 and the expansion of onshore wind capacity in North
America will have a positive impact on earnings.

We anticipate that adjusted EBIT at Corporate Functions/Other
will improve and thus exceed the previous year's level, primarily
because of additional cost savings.


--- Page 32 ---

We expect Non-Core Business's adjusted EBIT to be at the prior-
year level. We anticipate positive operating developments at
the generation business in Turkey accompanied by a deterioration
of the exchange rate. We expect PreussenElektra’s earnings to
reflect rising market prices counteracted by higher depreciation
charges in conjunction with our dismantling obligations along
with the absence of one-off items recorded in 2018.

Anticipated Financial Situation

Planned Funding Measures

In addition to our investments planned for 2019 and the divi-
dend for 2018, in 2019 we will make payments for bonds that
have matured. We also expect to have increased funding needs
due to the innogy acquisition. Over the course of the year, these
payments will be funded with available liquid funds and debt.

Dividend

E.ON will propose paying its shareholders a dividend of €0.43
per share for the 2018 financial year in view of the planned
acquisition of innogy as part of an extensive asset swap with
RWE. In addition, in line with the current dividend policy, the
E.ON Management Board and Supervisory Board intend to
propose paying shareholders a dividend of €0.46 per share for
the 2019 financial year.

Planned Investments

For the 2019 financial year we plan cash-effective investments

of €3.7 billion. E.ON will continue its strategy aimed at delivering
sustainable growth. Our capital allocation will of course continue
to be selective and disciplined.

Cash-Effective Investments: 2019 Plan

€inbillions Percentages
Energy Networks 17 46
Customer Solutions 08 22
Renewables 11 29
Corporate Functions/Other 01 3

Non-Core Business - -

Total 3.7 100

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

51

Energy Networks’ investments will consist in particular of
numerous individual investments to expand our networks,
switching equipment, and metering and control technology
as well as other investments to continue to ensure the reliable
and uninterrupted transmission and distribution of electricity.

Investments at Customer Solutions will go toward metering
and upgrade projects as well as the expansion of our e-mobility
activities. We will also invest in our heat business in Sweden,
Germany, and the United Kingdom.

Renewables’ investments in onshore wind will serve primarily
to expand its business in the United States. In addition, it will
continue to maintain and expand its offshore-wind and solar
portfolio.

Employees

The number of employees in the E.ON Group (excluding appren-
tices and board members/managing directors) will increase
slightly to meet the demands of the business.

General Statement of E.ON's Future
Development

The 2019 financial year too will reflect our high proportion of
regulated businesses and our clear commitment to a consistent
dividend policy. On balance, we expect a stable performance
and want to be even better at seizing the opportunities of the
green, distributed, and digital energy world. Our ambition is
and will remain to do the best job possible of making the great
opportunities in the new energy world available to our customers
and shareholders.


--- Page 33 ---

Risk and Chances Report

Enterprise Risk Management System in the
Narrow Sense

Units and Customer Energy Renew-

52

Govern
and
Consolidate

Non-Core Corporate Identify,

Departments Solutions Networks ables Business _—_ Functions Evaluate
and
Local Risk Committees Manage
Objective Our ERM is based on a centralized governance approach which

Our Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") provides the man-
agement of all units as well as the E.ON Group with a fair and
realistic view of the risks and chances resulting from their
planned business activities. It provides:

* meaningful information about risks and chances to the
business, thereby enabling the business to derive individual
risks/chances as well as aggregate risk profiles within the
time horizon of the medium-term plan (three years)

* transparency on risk exposures in compliance with legal
requirements including KonTraG, BilMoG, and BilReG.

defines standardized processes and tools covering the identifi-
cation, evaluation, countermeasures, monitoring, and reporting
of risks and chances. Overall governance is provided by Group
Risk Management on behalf of the E.ON SE Risk Committee.

Allrisks and chances have an accountable member of the Man-
agement Board, have a designated risk owner who remains
operationally responsible for managing that risk/chance, and
are identified in a dedicated bottom-up process.



--- Page 34 ---

Scope

Our risk management system in the broader sense has a total of
four components:

* an internal monitoring system

* amanagement information system

* preventive measures

¢ the ERM, which is a risk management system in the narrow
sense.

The purpose of the internal monitoring system is to ensure the
proper functioning of business processes. It consists of organi-
zational preventive measures (such as policies and work
instructions) and internal controls and audits (particularly by
Internal Audit).

The E.ON internal management information system identifies
risks early so that steps can be taken to actively address them.
Reporting by the Controlling, Finance, and Accounting depart-
ments as well as Internal Audit reports are of particular impor-
tance in early risk detection.

ks

General Measures to Limit
We take the following general preventive measures to limit risks.

Managing Legal and Regulatory Risks

We engage in intensive and constructive dialog with govern-
ment agencies and policymakers in order to manage the risks
resulting from the E.ON Group's policy, legal, and regulatory
environment. Furthermore, we strive to conduct proper project
management so as to identify early and mii
attending our new-build projects.

We attempt to minimize the operational risks of legal proceedings
and ongoing planning processes by managing them appropriately
and by designing appropriate contracts beforehand.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

53

Managing Operational and IT Risks

To limit operational and IT risks, we continually improve our
network management and the optimal dispatch of our assets.
At the same time, we are implementing operational and infra-
structure improvements that will enhance the reliability of our
generation assets and distribution networks, even under extraor-
dinarily adverse conditions. In addition, we have factored the
operational and financial effects of environmental risks into our
emergency plan. They are part of a catalog of crisis and system-
failure scenarios prepared for the Group by our Incident and
Crisis Management team.

Our IT systems are maintained and optimized by qualified EON
Group experts, outside experts, and a wide range of technologi-
cal security measures. In addition, the EON Group has in place
a range of technological and organizational measures to counter
the risk of unauthorized access to data, the misuse of data, and
data loss.

Managing Health, Safety, and Environmental ("HSE"), Human
Resources ("HR"), and Other Risks

The following are among the comprehensive measures we take
to address HSE, HR, and other risks (also in conjunction with
operational and IT risks):

* systematic employee training, advanced training, and quali-
fication programs for our employees

¢ further refinement of our production procedures, processes,
and technologies

¢ regular facility and network maintenance and inspection

* company guidelines as well as work and process instructions

¢ quality management, control, and assurance

¢ project, environmental, and deterioration management

¢ crisis-prevention measures and emergency planning.

Should an accident occur despite the measures we take, we
have a reasonable level of insurance coverage.


--- Page 35 ---

Risk and Chances Report

Managing Market Risks
We use a comprehensive sales-management system and inten-
sive customer management to manage margin risks.

In order to limit our exposure to commodity price risks, we con-
duct systematic risk management. The key elements of our risk
management are, in addition to binding Group-wide policies
and a Group-wide reporting system, the use of quantitative key
figures, the limitation of risks, and the strict separation of func-
tions between departments. Furthermore, we utilize derivative
financial instruments that are commonly used in the marketplace.
These instruments are transacted with financial institutions,
brokers, power exchanges, and third parties whose creditwor-
thiness we monitor on an ongoing basis. Our local sales units
and the remaining generation operations have set up local risk
management under central governance standards to monitor
these underlying commodity risks and to minimize them through
hedging.

Managing Strategic Risks

We have comprehensive preventive measures in place to manage
potential risks relating to acquisitions and investments. To the
degree possible, these measures include, in addition to the rele-
vant company guidelines and manuals, comprehensive due dili-
gence, legally binding contracts, a multi-stage approvals process,
and shareholding and project controlling. Comprehensive post-
acquisition projects also contribute to successful integration.

Managing Finance and Treasury Risks

This category encompasses credit, interest-rate, currency, tax,
and asset-management risks and chances. We use systematic
risk management to monitor and control our interest-rate and
currency risks and manage these risks using derivative and
non-derivative financial instruments. Here, E.ON SE plays a cen-
tral role by aggregating risk positions through intragroup trans-
actions and hedging these risks in the market. Due to E.ON SE's
intermediary role, its risk position is largely closed.

We use a Group-wide credit risk management system to system-
atically measure and monitor the creditworthiness of our busi-
ness partners on the basis of Group-wide minimum standards.
We manage our credit risk by taking appropriate measures,
which include obtaining collateral and setting limits. The E.ON
Group's Risk Committee is regularly informed about all credit
risks. A further component of our risk management is a conser-
vative investment strategy for financial funds and a broadly
diversified portfolio.

54

Note 30 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contains
detailed information about the use of derivative financial instru-
ments and hedging transactions. Note 31 describes the general
principles of our risk management and applicable risk metrics
for quantifying risks relating to commodities, credit, liquidity,
interest rates, and currency translation.

Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM")

Our risk management system, which is the basis for the risks
and chances described in the next section, encompasses:

* systematic risk and chance identification
¢ risk and chance analysis and evaluation

* management and monitoring of risks and chances by
analyzing and evaluating countermeasures and preventive
systems

¢ documentation and reporting.

As required by law, our ERM's effectiveness is reviewed regularly
by Internal Audit. In compliance with the provisions of Section 91,
Paragraph 2, of the German Stock Corporation Act relating to
the establishment of a risk-monitoring and early warning system,
E.ON has a Risk Committee for the E.ON Group and for each of
its business units. The Risk Committee's mission is to achieve a
comprehensive view of our risk exposure at the Group and unit
level and to actively manage risk exposure in line with our risk
strategy.

Our ERM applies to all fully consolidated E.ON Group companies
and all companies valued at equity whose book value in E.ON's
Consolidated Financial Statements is greater than €50 million.
We take an inventory of our risks and chances at each quarterly
balance-sheet date.

To promote uniform financial reporting Group-wide, we have in
place a central, standardized system that enables effective and
automated risk reporting. Company data are systematically col-
lected, transparently processed, and made available for analysis
both centrally and decentrally at the units.


--- Page 36 ---

Risks and Chances
Methodology

Our IT-based system for reporting risks and chances has the
following risk categories:

Risk Category

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

55

Risk Category Examples

Legal and regulatory risks

Policy and legal risks and chances, regulatory risks, risks from public consents processes

Operational and IT risks

IT and process risks and chances, risks and chances relating to the operation of generation

assets, networks, and other facilities, new-build risks

HSE, HR, and other

Health, safety, and environmental risks and chances

Market risks

Risks and chances from the development of commodity prices and margins and from changes
in market liquidity

Strategic risks

Risks and chances from investments and disposals

Finance and treasury risks

E.ON uses a multistep process to identify, evaluate, simulate,
and classify risks and chances. Risks and chances are generally
reported on the basis of objective evaluations. If this is not
possible, we use internal estimates by experts. The evaluation
measures a risk/chance's financial impact on our current earnings
plan while factoring in risk-reducing countermeasures. The
evaluation therefore reflects the net risk.

We then evaluate the likelihood of occurrence of quantifiable
risks and chances. For example, the wind may blow more or less
hard at a wind farm. This type of risk is modeled with a normal
distribution. Modeling is supported by a Group-wide IT-based
system. Extremely unlikely events—those whose likelihood of
occurrence is 5 percent or less—are classified as tail events. Tail
events are not included in the simulation described below.

This statistical distribution makes it possible for our IT-based
risk management system to conduct a Monte Carlo simulation
of quantifiable risks/chances. This yields an aggregated risk
distribution that is quantified as the deviation from our current
earnings plan for adjusted EBIT.

Credit, interest-rate, foreign-currency, tax, and asset-management risks and chances

We use the 5th and 95th percentiles of this aggregated risk
distribution as the worst case and best case, respectively. Statis-
tically, this means that with this risk distribution there is a
90-percent likelihood that the deviation from our current earn-
ings plan for adjusted EBIT will remain within these extremes.

The last step is to assign, in accordance with the 5th and 95th
percentiles, the aggregated risk distribution to impact classes—
low, moderate, medium, major, and high—according to their
quantitative impact on adjusted EBIT. The impact classes are
shown in the table below.

Impact Classes

Low x < €10 million
Moderate €10 million < x < €50 million
Medium €50 million < x < €200 million
Major €200 million < x < €1 billion
High x 2 €1 billion


--- Page 37 ---

Risk and Chances Report

General Risk Situation

The table below shows the average annual aggregated risk
position (aggregated risk position) across the time horizon of
the medium-term plan for all quantifiable risks and chances
(excluding tail events) for each risk category based on our most
important financial key performance indicator, adjusted EBIT.

56

Risk Category

Risk category Worst case (5th percentile) Best case (95th percentile)
Legal and regulatory risks Major Medium

Operational and IT risks Medium Moderate

HSE, HR, and other Low Low

Market risks Major Major

Strategic risks Medium Low

Finance and treasury risks Medium Moderate

The E.ON Group has major risk positions in the following cate-
gories: legal and regulatory risks and market risks. As a result,
the aggregate risk position of E.ON SE as a Group is major. In
other words, the E.ON Group's average annual adjusted EBIT
risk ought not to exceed -€200 million to -€1 billion in 95 percent
of all cases.

Risks and Chances by Category

E.ON's major risks and chances by risk category are described
below. Also described are major risks and chances stemming
from tail events as well as qualitative risks that would impact
adjusted EBIT by more than €200 million. Risks and chances
that would affect net income and/or cash flow by more than
€200 million are included as well.

Legal and Regulatory Risks

The political, legal, and regulatory environment in which the
E.ON Group does business is a source of external risks, such as
the uncertainty surrounding Brexit and the possibility that the
United Kingdom could leave the European Union without an
agreement. This would confront E.ON with direct and indirect con-
sequences that could potentially lead to financial disadvantages.
Other risks result from decisions by governments to phase out
power generation using certain energy sources. In the recent past,
these decisions have been supplemented by energy-policy deci-
sions at the European and national level. These include, in

particular, the EU package of climate-protection measures and
the recommendations regarding the phaseout of hard-coal- and
lignite-fired power generation made by the commission appointed
by the German federal government. In addition, in the wake

of the economic and financial crisis in many EU member states,
interventionist policies and regulations have been adopted in
recent years, such as additional taxes, additional reporting require-
ments (for example, EMIR, REMIT, MiFID2), price moratoriums,
regulatory price reductions, and changes to support schemes
for renewables. Such intervention could pose major risks to, as
well as opportunities for, E.ON's operations in these countries.
There may also be final risks from obligations arising from regu-
latory requirements following the Uniper split. This risk category
also includes the risk of litigation, fines, and claims, governance-
and compliance-related issues as well as risks and chances
related to contracts and permits. Changes to this environment
can lead to considerable uncertainty with regard to planning
and, under certain circumstances, to impairment charges but
can also create chances. This results in a major risk position and
a medium chance position.


--- Page 38 ---

PreussenElektra

PreussenElektra’s business is substantially influenced by regu-
lation. In general, regulation can result in risks for its remaining
operating and dismantling activities. One example is the
Fukushima nuclear accident. Policy measures taken in response
to such events could have a direct impact on the further opera-
tion of a nuclear power plant ("NPP") or trigger liabilities and
significant payment obligations stemming from the solidarity
obligation agreed on among German NPP operators. Further-
more, new regulatory requirements, such as additional manda-
tory safety measures or delays in dismantling, could lead to
production outages and higher costs. In addition, there may be
lawsuits that fundamentally challenge the operation of NPPs.
Regulation can also require an increase in provisions for disman-
tling. These factors could pose major risks for E.ON.

In 2003, Section 6 of Germany's Atomic Energy Act (“the Act")
granted consent for Unterweser NPP to store radioactive spent
nuclear fuel in an on-site intermediate storage facility. Lawsuits
were filed against the consent. The complainants asked that the
court rescind the consent on the grounds that the storage facil-
ity is not sufficiently protected against terrorist attacks. Settle-
ment talks are currently under way between the complainants
and the defendant agency. If the court rules definitively in favor
of the complainants, nuclear fuel could not be removed from
Unterweser NPP on schedule. This would significantly prolong
dismantling, thereby leading to higher costs. This could pose a
major risk.

On December 6, 2016, Germany's Federal Constitutional Court
in Karlsruhe ruled that the thirteenth amended version of the Act
is fundamentally constitutional. The Act's only unconstitutional
elements are that certain NPP operators will be unable to pro-
duce their electricity allotment from 2002 and that it contains
no mechanism for compensating operators for investments to
extend NPP operating lifetimes. Lawmakers established a new
compensation mechanism in the sixteenth amended version of
the Act. In addition, NPPs need to acquire production rights, also
known as a residual electricity allotment, in order to operate
until their closure dates prescribed by law. These matters could
yield major chances and major risks.

Customer Solutions

The E.ON Group's operations subject it to certain risks relating to
legal proceedings, ongoing planning processes, and regulatory
changes. But these risks also relate, in particular, to legal actions
and proceedings concerning contract and price adjustments to
reflect market dislocations or (including as a consequence of the
transformation of Germany's energy system) an altered business
climate in the power and gas business, price increases, alleged
market-sharing agreements, and anticompetitive practices. This
could pose a major risk.

CEO Letter

Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

57

Energy Networks

The operation of energy networks in Germany, in Sweden, but
also in other countries is subject to a large degree of regulation.
New laws and regulatory periods cause uncertainty as well as
chances in this business. For example, matters related to Ger-
many's Renewable Energy Law, such as issues regarding solar
energy, can cause temporary fluctuations in our cash flow and
adjusted EBIT. This could create major chances as well as pose
a major risk. The rapid growth of renewables is also creating
new risks for the network business. For example, insolvencies
among renewables operators or feed-in tariffs unduly paid by
grid operators could lead to court or regulatory proceedings.

Renewables

Regulatory and legal risks attend our renewables business as
well. For example, legal proceedings and approvals could pose a
major risk. Furthermore, the various national regulatory regimes
in Europe can in some cases undergo considerable change.
Changes to legislation and regulations sometimes have a consid-
erable impact on subsidy and remuneration mechanisms, which
result in a major chance and a major risk. New and amended
laws can themselves become the subject of administrative or
court proceedings.

Operational and IT Risks

The operational and strategic management of the E.ON Group
relies heavily on complex information technology. This includes
risks and chances arising from information security.

Technologically complex production facilities are used in the
production and distribution of energy, resulting in major risks
from procurement and logistics, construction, operations and
maintenance of assets as well as general project risks. In the case
of PreussenElektra, this also includes dismantling activities.
Our operations in and outside Germany face major risks of unan-
ticipated operational or other problems leading to a power failure
or shutdown and/or higher costs and additional investments.
Operational failures or extended production stoppages of facilities
or components of facilities as well as environmental damage


--- Page 39 ---

Risk and Chances Report

could negatively impact our earnings, affect our cost situation,
and/or result in the imposition of fines. In unlikely cases, this
could lead to a high risk. Overall, it results in a medium risk posi-
tion and a moderate chance position in this category.

General project risks can include a delay in projects and increased
capital requirements. For our Renewables segment, a project
delay could lead to the loss of government subsidies and cause
potential partners to exit the project, which could likewise lead
to risks.

We could also be subject to environmental liabilities associated
with our power generation operations that could materially and
adversely affect our business. In addition, new or amended
environmental laws and regulations may result in increases in
our costs.

HSE, HR, and Other Risks

Health and safety are important aspects of our day-to-day busi-
ness. Our operating activities can therefore pose risks in these
areas and create social and environmental risks and chances. In
addition, our operating business potentially faces risks resulting
from human error and employee turnover. It is important that
we act responsibly along our entire value chain and that we
communicate consistently, enhance the dialog, and maintain
good relationships with our key stakeholders. We actively con-
sider environmental, social, and corporate-governance issues.
These efforts support our business decisions and our public
relations. Our objective is to minimize our reputational risks and
garner public support so that we can continue to operate our
business successfully. These matters do not result in a major
risk or chance position.

In the past, predecessor entities of EON SE conducted mining
operations, resulting in obligations in North Rhine-Westphalia
and Bavaria. E.ON SE can be held responsible for damage. This
could lead to major individual risks that we currently only evalu-
ate qualitatively.

58

Market Risk

Our units operate in an international market environment that
is characterized by general risks relating to the business cycle.
In addition, the entry of new suppliers into the marketplace
along with more aggressive tactics by existing market partici-
pants and reputational risks have created a keener competitive
environment for our electricity business in and outside Ger-
many, which could reduce our margins. However, market devel-
opments could also have a positive impact on our business.
Such factors include wholesale and retail price developments,
customer churn rates, and temporary volume effects in the net-
work business. This results in a major risk position and a major
chance position in this category.

The demand for electric power and natural gas is seasonal, with
our operations generally experiencing higher demand during
the cold-weather months of October through March and lower
demand during the warm-weather months of April through
September. As a result of these seasonal patterns, our sales and
results of operations are higher in the first and fourth quarters
and lower in the second and third quarters. Sales and results of
operations for all of our energy operations can be negatively
affected by periods of unseasonably warm weather during the
autumn and winter months. We expect seasonal and weather-
related fluctuations in sales and results of operations to con-
tinue. Periods of exceptionally cold weather—very low average
temperatures or extreme daily lows—in the fall and winter
months can have a positive impact owing to higher demand for
electricity and natural gas.

E.ON's portfolio of physical assets, long-term contracts, and
end-customer sales is exposed to uncertainty resulting from
fluctuations in commodity prices. This yields a major risk and

a major chance, although only for PreussenElektra. After the
Uniper spinoff, E.ON established procurement capabilities for
its sales business and ensured market access for the output of
its remaining energy production in order to manage the remain-
ing commodity risks accordingly.


--- Page 40 ---

Strategic Risks

Our business strategy involves acquisitions and investments in
our core business as well as disposals. This strategy depends in
part on our ability to successfully identify, acquire, and integrate
companies that enhance, on acceptable terms, our energy busi-
ness. In order to obtain the necessary approvals for acquisitions,
we may be required to divest other parts of our business or to
make concessions or undertakings that affect our business. In
addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve
the returns we expect from any acquisition or investment. It

is also possible that we will not be able to realize our strategic
ambition of enlarging our investment pipeline and that signifi-
cant amounts of capital could be used for other opportunities.
Furthermore, investments and acquisitions in new geographic
areas or lines of business require us to become familiar with new
sales markets and competitors and to address the attending
business risks.

In the case of planned disposals, E.ON faces the risk of dispos-
als not taking place or being delayed and the risk that E.ON
receives lower-than-anticipated disposal proceeds. In addition,
after transactions close we could face major liability risks
resulting from contractual obligations.

The overall risk and chance position in this category was not
major at the balance-sheet date.

Finance and Treasury Risks

E.ON is exposed to credit risk in its operating activities and
through the use of financial instruments. Credit risk results from
non-delivery or partial delivery by a counterparty of the agreed
consideration for services rendered, from total or partial failure
to make payments owed on existing accounts receivable, and
from replacement risks in open transactions. For example, E.ON's
historical connection with Uniper continues to pose major, albeit
unlikely, risks. In addition, in unlikely cases joint and several lia-
bility for jointly operated power plants could lead to a major risk.

E.ON's international business operations expose it to risks from
currency fluctuation. One form of this risk is transaction risk,
which arises when payments are made in a currency other than
E.ON's functional currency. Another form of risk is translation

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

59

risk, which arises when currency fluctuations lead to accounting
effects when assets/liabilities and income/expenses of E.ON
companies outside the euro zone are translated into euros and
entered into our Consolidated Financial Statements. Currency-
translation risk results mainly from our positions in U.S. dollars,
pounds sterling, Swedish kronor, Czech krona, Romanian leus,
Hungarian forints, and Turkish lira. Positive developments in
foreign-currency rates can also create chances for our operating
business.

E.ON faces earnings risks from financial liabilities and interest-
rate derivatives that are based on variable interest rates and
from asset-retirement obligations.

In addition, the price changes and other uncertainty relating to
the current and non-current investments E.ON makes to cover
its non-current obligations (particularly pension and asset-
retirement obligations) could, in individual cases, be major.

Declining or rising discount rates could lead to increased or
reduced provisions for pensions and asset-retirement obliga-
tions, including non-current liabilities. This can create a high
risk for E.ON.

In principle, E.ON could also encounter tax risks and chances;
in one case, the chance could be high.

This category's overall risk and chance position is not major.

Management Board's Evaluation of the Risk
and Chances Situation

The overall risk and chances situation of the E.ON Group's oper-
ating business at year-end 2018 remained nearly unchanged
relative to year-end 2017. Although the average annual risk
for the E.ON Group's adjusted EBIT is classified as major, from
today’s perspective we do not perceive any risk position that
could threaten the existence of the E.ON Group or individual
segments.


--- Page 41 ---

Business Segments

Energy Networks

Below we report on a number of important non-financial key
performance indicators for this segment, such as power and
gas passthrough, system length, and number of connections.

60

Energy Passthrough*
East-Central Europe/

Germany Sweden Turkey Total
Billion kWh 2018 2017? 2018 2017 2018 2017 2018 2017
Fourth quarter
Power 27.8 27.7 10.1 9.6 10.0 9.7 47.9 47.0
Line loss, station use, etc. 11 1.0 0.3 0.3 06 0.7 2.0 2.0
Gas 26.7 35.1 - 08 15.7 15.2 42.4 51.1
Full year
Power 106.9 107.6 37.1 36.9 37.9 37.3 181.9 181.8
Line loss, station use, etc. 3.8 3.8 11 11 2.6 28 75 77
Gas 89.4 110.6 15 3.9 44.5 45.2 135.4 159.7

AIncludes passthrough not recorded in sales pursuant to IFRS 15 (for more information, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
*Power passthrough, line losses, and so forth, not including power fed back into upstream systems (2017 adjusted retroactively).

Power and Gas Passthrough
Power passthrough in 2018 of 181.9 billion kWh was at the
prior-year level. Gas passthrough declined by 24.3 billion kWh.

Power passthrough and line losses in Germany of 106.9 billion kWh
and 3.8 billion kWh, respectively, were at the prior-year level. Gas
passthrough declined by 21.2 billion to 89.4 billion kWh, owing
primarily to the sale of Hamburg Netz effective January 1, 2018.

Power passthrough in Sweden was at the prior-year level. Gas
passthrough declined because of the sale of the gas distribution
network in April 2018.

On balance, power and gas passthrough at East-Central Europe/
Turkey were at the prior-year level in the Czech Republic, Roma-
nia, and Hungary.

System Length and Connections

Our power system in Germany was about 350,000 kilometers
long, roughly the same as in the prior year. At year-end we
had about 5.8 million connection points for power (prior year:
5.7 million). The sale of Hamburg Netz shortened our gas system
from about 60,000 to about 51,000 kilometers and reduced the
number of connection points from 0.9 to 0.7 million.

The length of our power system in Sweden was roughly
137,900 kilometers, slightly more than the prior-year figure of
136,900 kilometers. The number of connection points in the
power distribution system was unchanged at roughly 1 million.
We sold our gas network in 2018.

System length in East-Central Europe/Turkey—about 231,000
kilometers for power and about 45,000 kilometers for gas—
was almost unchanged from the prior year, as were the roughly
4.7 million connection points for power and the roughly

1.3 million for gas.


--- Page 42 ---

Sales and Adjusted EBIT
Energy Networks’ sales were €8.2 billion below the prior-year
figure. Adjusted EBIT declined by €190 million.

Sales in Germany declined by 56 percent, from €14.2 billion to
€6.2 billion. They were reduced primarily by netting effects in
conjunction with IFRS 15 (€7.6 billion). In addition, sales in gas
distribution were reduced by the sale of Hamburg Netz. Adjusted
EBIT declined by €135 million year on year to €895 million. The
principal reasons were the non-recurrence of a positive one-off
item involving the delayed repayment of personnel costs in
Germany for regulatory reasons, the sale of Hamburg Netz, and
the beginning of the third regulatory period for gas. These factors
were partially offset by a positive one-off item in 2018.

Sales in Sweden were below the prior-year level due to adverse
currency-translation effects, the transfer of the gas business
to Customer Solutions, and the sale of the gas distribution net-
work in April 2018. Adjusted EBIT rose owing to an improved

CEO Letter

Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

61

gross margin in the power business, which resulted from tariff
increases. This was partially offset by adverse currency-transla-
tion effects.

Sales in East-Central Europe/Turkey declined significantly,
primarily owing to netting effects in conjunction with IFRS 15
in the Czech Republic (€0.2 billion). Adjusted EBIT fell signifi-
cantly—by €79 million—year on year, in particular because of a
decline in equity earnings on our stake in Enerjisa Enerji in Turkey.
Higher operating earnings were more than offset, primarily by
higher refinancing costs. The initial public offering reduced our
stake by 10 percentage points, which also adversely affected
earnings relative to the prior year. In addition, adjusted EBIT in
Romania was significantly lower, mainly because of higher costs
(primarily for maintenance) and lower prices.

Energy Networks
East-Central Europe/

Germany Sweden Turkey Total
€ in millions 2018 2017 2018 2017 2018 2017 2018 2017
Fourth quarter
Sales 1,683 3,402 260 241 412 480 2,355 4,123
Adjusted EBITDA 306 411 172 165 154 223 632 799
Adjusted EBIT 140 249 135 129 97 153 372 531
Full year
Sales 6,243 14,199 989 1,072 1,537 1,719 8,769 16,990
Adjusted EBITDA 1,488 1,621 648 632 683 767 2,819 3,020
Adjusted EBIT 895 1,030 498 474 451 530 1,844 2,034

Income and expenses resulting from the Renewable Energy Law's feed-in scheme in Germany have been netted out; we adjusted the prior-year quarters accordingly (see Note 2 to the Consolidated

Financial Statements).


--- Page 43 ---

Business Segments 62

Customer Solutions

Below we report on a number of important non-financial key
performance indicators for this segment, such as power and
gas sales volume and customer numbers.

Power Sales*

Germany Sales United Kingdom Other? Total
Billion kWh 2018 2017 2018 2017 2018 2017 2018 2017
Fourth quarter
Residential and SME 48 46 47 5.2 6.0 5.9 15.5 15.7
1&C 2.0 2.0 3.1 3.7 63 71 11.4 12.8
Sales partners - - - - 0.2 0.2 0.2 0.2
Customer groups 68 6.6 78 8.9 12.5 13.2 27.1 28.7
Wholesale market 3.5 41 0.2 0.5 2.6 27 6.3 7.3
Total
Full year
Residential and SME
1&C
Sales partners
Customer groups
Wholesale market 13.0 14.2 09 11 8.9 9.8 22.8 25.1
Total 38.1 39.5 32.3 34.8 57.7 58.9 128.1 133.2

AIncludes passthrough not recorded in sales pursuant to IFRS 15 (for more information, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements),
2Excludes E.ON Connecting Energies.

Gas Sales?

Germany Sales United Kingdom Other? Total
Billion kWh 2018 2017 2018 2017 2018 2017 2018 2017
Fourth quarter
Residential and SME 74 7.0 117 118 9.8 9.8 29.0 28.6
1&C 2.0 16 2.3 21 63 6.4 10.6 10.1
Sales partners - - - - 07 15 0.7 15
Customer groups 9.4 8.6 14.0 13.9 16.9 17.7 40.3 40.2
Wholesale market 12 4.2 - - 16 1.2 28 5.4
Total 10.6 12.8 14.0 13.9 18.5 18.9 43.1 45.6
Full year
Residential and SME 22.0 21.9 35.9 34.8 28.2 28.9 86.1 85.6
1&C 6.4 5.0 8.2 7.7 22.3 20.9 36.9 33.6
Sales partners - - - - 17 2.2 17 2.2
Customer groups 28.4 26.9 44.1 42.5 52.2 52.0 124.7 1214
Wholesale market 46 17.0 - - 5.8 27 10.4 19.7
Total 33.0 43.9 44.1 42.5 58.0 54.7 135.1 141.1

AIncludes passthrough not recorded in sales pursuant to IFRS 15 (for more information, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements),
2Excludes E.ON Connecting Energies.


--- Page 44 ---

Power and Gas Sales Volume
This segment's power and gas sales declined by 5.1 billion kWh
and 6 billion kWh, respectively.

Power sales in Germany of 38.1 billion kWh were 4 percent
below the prior-year level. Power sales to the wholesale market
declined owing to lower sales volume on already-contracted
deliveries to some Uniper wholesale customers relative to 2017.
By contrast, buybacks through the direct marketing of output in
conjunction with Germany's Renewable Energy Law were higher.
Power sales to residential and small and medium enterprise
("SME") customers and to industrial and commercial ("I&C") cus-
tomers were at the prior-year level. Gas sales of 33 billion kWh
were 25 percent below the prior-year level. The reason for

the significant decline in gas sales to the wholesale market
(-12.4 billion kWh) is the same as for power. Residential and
SME customers consumed about as much gas as in the prior
year. By contrast, gas sales to 1&C customers rose.

Power sales in the United Kingdom declined by 2.5 billion kWh.
Lower average consumption and lower customer numbers were
the principal factors for residential and SME customers. Power
sales to 1&C customers likewise decreased owing to lower
average offtake per customer. By contrast, gas sales rose by
1.6 billion kWh. Gas sales to residential and SME customers and
to 1&C customers increased mainly because of weather factors.

CEO Letter

Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

63

Power sales at the Other unit (Sweden, Hungary, the Czech
Republic, Romania, and Italy) declined by 1.2 billion kWh.
Power sales to 1&C customers in the Czech Republic declined
owing primarily to keener competition. The expiration of a sales
contract in the Czech Republic was the principal factor in the
significant decline in power sales to the wholesale market. This
was partially offset by increased deliveries to existing wholesale
customers in Hungary. Power sales to residential and SME cus-
tomers were higher, due in particular to the acquisition of new
customers in Italy and Sweden. Gas sales were 3.3 billion kWh
higher. Gas sales to 1&C customers rose mainly because of the
transfer of the gas business in Sweden, which in the prior year
was reported at Energy Networks. This was partially offset by a
weather-driven decline in gas sales to 1&C customers in Romania.
The increase in gas sales to the wholesale market is attributable
to weather-driven demand spikes in Romania and the advent of
direct market access in Italy. By contrast, gas sales to residential
and SME customers declined owing to weather factors, partic-
ularly in Romania.

Customer Numbers

This segment had about 21 million customers at year-end 2018,
fewer than the prior-year figure of 21.1 million. The number of
customers in the United Kingdom declined form 6.8 to 6.6 million;
power customers accounted for most of the customer losses. In
Germany they increased from 5.9 million in 2017 to 6 million in
2018; of these, 5.1 million were power customers and 0.9 million
gas customers (2017: 5.1 million power customers, 0.8 million
gas customers). We had a total of 8.5 million customers in the
other countries where this segment operates, about as many as
in 2017.


--- Page 45 ---

Business Segments

Sales and Adjusted EBIT
Customer Solutions’ sales rose by €551 million. Its adjusted
EBIT decreased by €66 million.

Sales in Germany declined primarily because of the expiration
of sales contracts to certain wholesale customers that were
transferred to Uniper. Price adjustments and a decline in power
sales to residential and SME customers were additional adverse
factors. These effects were partially offset by an increase in gas
sales to 1&C customers. Adjusted EBIT was significantly above
the prior-year level, primarily because of a wider gross margin
in the power and gas sales business.

Sales in the United Kingdom were higher due to price increases
and a weather-driven increase in gas sales volume. This was
partially offset by a reduction in power sales volume and adverse
currency-translation effects. Adjusted EBIT declined owing to
persistently challenging market conditions, higher restructuring
expenditures, regulatory effects, and a weather-driven decline
in power sales volume.

Customer Solutions

64

Sales at this segment's Other unit rose by €244 million, princi-
pally because of higher sales prices in Sweden, Italy, and Hun-
gary. The transfer of the gas business in Sweden from Energy
Networks and higher sales volume in Italy were also positive
factors. Sales in the Czech Republic declined, mainly because of
netting effects pursuant to IFRS 15. Adverse currency-transla-
tion effects in Sweden had a negative impact as well. Adjusted
EBIT declined year on year, in particular because of the unavail-
ability of a cogeneration plant at E.ON Connecting Energies that
this unit operates for a customer. In addition, an improved gross
power margin in Romania was more than offset by a narrower
gas margin resulting from higher procurement costs. By contrast,
the aforementioned transfer of the gas sales business in Sweden
had a positive impact on adjusted EBIT.

Germany Sales United Kingdom Other Total

€ in millions 2018 2017 2018 2017 2018 2017 2018 2017
Fourth quarter
Sales 1,876 1,892 2,326 2,122 2,118 2,077 6,320 6,091
Adjusted EBITDA 45 33 26 137 63 57 134 227
Adjusted EBIT 36 26 -1 108 18 3 53 137
Full year
Sales 6,768 7,014 7,758 7,205 7,601 7,357 22,127 21,576
Adjusted EBITDA 193 132 237 351 294 312 724 795

142 248 111 129 413 479

Adjusted EBIT 160 102


--- Page 46 ---

Renewables
Below we report on a number of important non-financial key

performance indicators for this segment, such as generating
capacity, power generation, and power sales volume.

Fully Consolidated and Attributable Generating Capacity

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

65

December 31 Fully consolidated Attributable
MW 2018 2017 2018 2017
Wind 523 523 672 479
Solar - - - -
Germany 523 523 672 479
Wind 4776 478 5023625
Solar 35 15 47 27
Outside Ge 4811 4,193 5,070 4,652
Total 5,334 4,716 5,742 5,131

Generating Capacity
At 5,334 MW, this segment's fully consolidated generating

capacity at year-end 2018 was by 13 percent higher (prior year:

4,716 MW), its attributable generating capacity of 5,742 MW
was 12 percent higher (prior year: 5,131 MW). The principal
reason for the increase was the commissioning of Stella and
Arkona wind farms at the end of 2018.

Power Production and Sales
This segment's sales volume rose by 2.8 billion kWh.

Owned generation was 2.2 billion kWh higher, in particular
because Bruenning's Breeze and Radford’s Run onshore wind
farms in the United States were for the first time operational
for the entire year, Stella onshore wind farm in the United States
entered service in December 2018, and Rampion offshore

wind farm in the United Kingdom entered service in April 2018.

Unfavorable wind conditions, especially in Germany, had an
adverse impact on owned generation.

Power procurement increased, principally because of new
power supply contracts at our onshore business in the United
Kingdom. This was partially offset by a reduction in power
procurement due to adverse wind conditions in Denmark.

Onshore Wind/Solar's availability factor of 94.8 percent was at
the prior-year level of 94.6 percent. Offshore Wind/Other's avail-
ability factor declined from 97.6 to 96.8 percent because of
lower availability at Amrumbank West in Germany and certain
assets in the United Kingdom.

Power Generation
Renewables
Billion kWh 2018 2017
Fourth quarter
Owned generation 4.2 3.8
Purchases 1.0 0.8
Jointly owned power plants 0.2 03
Third parties 0.8 0.5
Power sales 5.2 46
Full year
Owned generation 14.7 12.5
Purchases 3.0 24
Jointly owned power plants 0.7 09
Third parties 2.3 15
Power sales 17.7 14.9



--- Page 47 ---

Business Segments

Sales and Adjusted EBIT
Renewables’ sales and adjusted EBIT were up by €150 million
and €67 million, respectively.

Renewables

€ in millions 2018 2017
Fourth quarter

Sales 541 474
Adjusted EBITDA. 327 277
Adjusted EBIT 238 206
Full year

Sales 1,754 1,604
Adjusted EBITDA. 861 785
Adjusted EBIT 521 454

This segment's sales and adjusted EBIT rose year on year, in
particular owing to an increase in owned generation. This was
because Bruenning's Breeze and Radford’s Run onshore wind
farms in the United States were for the first time operational for
the entire year and Rampion offshore wind farm in the United
Kingdom entered service. This was partially offset by adverse
price effects in the United States and Europe.

Non-Core Business

Below we report on a number of important non-financial key
performance indicators for this segment, such as generating
capacity, power generation, and power sales volume.

Fully Consolidated and Attributable Generating Capacity
PreussenElektra's fully consolidated and attributable generating
capacity of 4,150 MW and 3,808 MW, respectively, were
unchanged from the prior year.

66

Power Generation and Sales Volume

This segment's power procured (owned generation and pur-
chases) of 39.3 billion kWh was slightly above the prior-year level.
The increase in owned generation is principally attributable to
the unplanned outage of Brokdorf nuclear power station in 2017.
Consequently, less power was purchased to meet delivery
obligations than in the prior year. The increase in sales volume
relative to 2017 resulted primarily from the aforementioned
outage at Brokdorf.

Power Generation

PreussenElektra

Billion kWh 2018 2017

Fourth quarter

Owned generation 8.5 8.6
Purchases 21 14
Jointly owned power plants 0.4 0.3
Third parties 17 11
Total power procurement 10.6 10.0
Station use, line loss, etc. - -0.1
Power sales 10.6 9.9
Full year
Owned generation 31.2 275
Purchases 8.1 99
Jointly owned power plants 14 13
Third parties 67 8.6
Total power procurement 39.3 37.4
Station use, line loss, etc. -0.1 -0.2
Power sales 39.2 37.2



--- Page 48 ---

Sales and Adjusted EBIT

PreussenElektra’s sales declined by €186 million, mainly because
of lower sales prices and the absence of one-off items in con-
junction with legal proceedings.

Adjusted EBIT decreased from €393 million to €382 million.
The decline is mainly attributable to lower sales prices and the
absence of one-off items at PreussenElektra. This was partially
offset by lower expenditures to procure power to cover delivery
obligations due to the increase in owned generation.

Non-Core Business

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

67

By contrast, adjusted EBIT at the generation business in Turkey
was higher because prior-year equity earnings on our stake in
Enerjisa Uretim were adversely affected in particular by a book
loss on the sale of a hydroelectric station. In addition, Enerjisa
Uretim recorded a volume- and price-driven increase in earnings
in 2018.

PreussenElektra Generation/Turkey Total
€ in millions 2018 2017 2018 2017 2018 2017
Fourth quarter
Sales 416 355 - - 416 355
Adjusted EBITDA 120 157 23 -20 143 137
Adjusted EBIT 45 149 23 -20 68 129
Full year
Sales 1,399 1,585 - - 1,399 1,585
Adjusted EBITDA 556 654 -17 -113 539 541

Adjusted EBIT 399


--- Page 49 ---

Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

Disclosures Pursuant to Section 289, Para-
graph 4, and Section 315, Paragraph 4 of

the German Commercial Code on the Internal
Control System for the Accounting Process

General Principles

We apply Section 315e, Paragraph 1, of the German Commercial
Code and prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
("IFRS") and the interpretations of the IFRS Interpretations
Committee that were adopted by the European Commission for
use in the EU as of the end of the fiscal year and whose appli-
cation was mandatory as of the balance-sheet date (see Note 1
to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Energy Networks
(Germany, Sweden, and East-Central Europe/Turkey), Customer
Solutions (Germany, United Kingdom, Other), Renewables, Non-
Core Business, and Corporate Functions/Other are our IFRS
reportable segments.

E.ON SE prepares its Financial Statements in accordance with
the German Commercial Code, the SE Ordinance (in conjunction
with the German Stock Corporation Act), and the German
Energy Act.

We prepare a Combined Group Management Report which
applies to both the E.ON Group and E.ON SE.

Accounting Process

All companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements
must comply with our uniform Accounting and Reporting Guide-
lines for the Annual Consolidated Financial Statements and

the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. These guidelines
describe applicable IFRS accounting and valuation principles.
They also explain accounting principles typical in the E.ON Group,
such as those for provisions for nuclear-waste management,
the treatment of financial instruments, and the treatment of
regulatory obligations. We continually analyze amendments

to laws, new or amended accounting standards, and other pro-
nouncements for their relevance to, and consequences for, our
Consolidated Financial Statements and, if necessary, update our
guidelines and systems accordingly.

Corporate headquarters defines and oversees the roles and
responsibilities of various Group entities in the preparation of
E.ON SE's Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial
Statements. These roles and responsibilities are described in a
Group Policy document.

E.ON Group companies are responsible for preparing their
financial statements in a proper and timely manner. They receive
substantial support from Business Service Centers in Regensburg,
Germany, and Cluj, Romania. E.ON SE combines the financial

68

statements of subsidiaries belonging to its scope of consolida-
tion into its Consolidated Financial Statements using standard
consolidation software. Group Accounting is responsible for
conducting the consolidation and for monitoring adherence to the
guidelines for scheduling, processes, and contents. Monitoring
of system-based automated controls is supplemented by manual
checks.

In conjunction with the year-end closing process, additional
qualitative and quantitative information relevant for accounting
is compiled. Furthermore, dedicated quality-control processes
are in place for all relevant departments to discuss and ensure
the completeness of relevant information on a regular basis.

E.ON SE's Financial Statements are prepared with SAP software.
The accounting and preparation processes are divided into
discrete functional steps. Bookkeeping processes are handled
by our Business Service Centers: Cluj has responsibility for pro-
cesses relating to subsidiary ledgers and several bank activities,
Regensburg for those relating to the general ledgers. Automated
or manual controls are integrated into each step. Defined proce-
dures ensure that all transactions and the preparation of E.ON SE's
Financial Statements are recorded, processed, assigned on an
accrual basis, and documented in a complete, timely, and accu-
rate manner. Relevant data from E.ON SE's Financial Statements
are, if necessary, adjusted to conform with IFRS and then trans-
ferred to the consolidation software system using SAP-supported
transfer technology.

The following explanations about our internal control system
and our general IT controls apply equally to the Consolidated
Financial Statements and to E.ON SE's Financial Statements.

Internal Control System

Internal controls are an integral part of our accounting processes.
Guidelines define uniform financial-reporting requirements and
procedures for the entire E.ON Group. These guidelines encom-
pass a definition of the guidelines’ scope of application; a Risk
Catalog (ICS Model); standards for establishing, documenting,
and evaluating internal controls; a Catalog of ICS Principles;

a description of the test activities of our Internal Audit division;


--- Page 50 ---

and a description of the final Sign-Off process. We believe that
compliance with these rules provides sufficient certainty to pre-
vent error or fraud from resulting in material misrepresentations
in the Financial Statements, the Combined Group Management
Report, the Half-Year Financial Report, and the Quarterly State-
ments.

COSO Framework

Our internal control system is based on the globally recognized
COSO framework, in the version published in May 2013 (COSO:
The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission). The Central Risk Catalog (ICS Model), which
encompasses company- and industry-specific aspects, defines
possible risks for accounting (financial reporting) in the functional
areas of our units and thus serves as a check list and provides
guidance for the establishment, documentation, and implemen-
tation of internal controls.

The Catalog of ICS Principles, which is another key component
of our internal control system, defines the minimum require-
ments for the system to function. These principles encompass
overarching principles for matters such as authorization, the
separation of functions, and master data management as well
as specific requirements for managing risks in a range of issue
areas and processes, such as contractor management, project
management, audit, and transactions.

Scope

Each year we conduct a process using qualitative criteria and
quantitative materiality metrics to define which E.ON units
must document and evaluate their financial-reporting-related
processes and controls in a central documentation system.

Central Documentation System

The E.ON units to which the internal control system applies use
a central documentation system to document key controls. The
system defines the scope, detailed documentation requirements,
the assessment requirements for process owners, and the final
Sign-Off process.

Assessment

After E.ON units have documented their processes and controls,
the individual process owners conduct an annual assessment

of the design and the operational effectiveness of the processes
as well as the controls embedded in these processes.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

69

Tests Performed by Internal Audit

The management of E.ON units relies on the assessment per-
formed by the process owners and on the testing of the internal
control system performed by Internal Audit. These tests are a
key part of the process. Using a risk-oriented audit plan, Inter-
nal Audit tests the E.ON Group's internal control system and
identifies potential deficiencies (issues). On the basis of its own
evaluation and the results of tests performed by Internal Audit,
an E.ON unit's management carries out the final Sign-Off.

Sign-Off Process

The final step of the internal evaluation process is the submission
of a formal written declaration called a Sign-Off confirming the
effectiveness of the internal control system. The Sign-Off process
is conducted at all levels of the Group before E.ON SE, as the
final step, conducts it for the Group as a whole. The Chairman of
the E.ON SE Management Board and the Chief Financial Officer
make the final Sign-Off for the E.ON Group.

Internal Audit regularly informs the E.ON SE Supervisory Board's
Audit and Risk Committee about the internal control system

for financial reporting and any significant issue areas it identifies
in the E.ON Group's various processes.

General IT Controls

A functionally managed digital organization and third-party
service providers provide digital and IT services for the E.ON
Group. IT systems used for accounting are subject to provisions
of the internal control system, which encompasses the general
IT controls. These include access controls, the separation of
functions, processing controls, measures to prevent the inten-
tional and unintentional falsification of the programs, data,

and documents as well as controls related to contractor manage-
ment. The documentation of the general IT controls is stored

in our documentation system.


--- Page 51 ---

Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

Disclosures Pursuant to Section 289a,
Paragraph 1, and Section 315a, Paragraph 1,
of the German Commercial Code and Explana-
tory Report

Composition of Share Capital

The share capital totals €2,201,099,000.00 and consists of
2,201,099,000 registered shares without nominal value. Each
share of stock grants the same rights and one vote at a Share-
holders Meeting.

Restrictions on Voting Rights or the Transfer of Shares

Shares acquired by an employee under the Company-sponsored
employee stock purchase program are subject to a blackout
period that begins the day ownership of such shares is trans-
ferred to the employee and that ends on December 31 of the
next calendar year plus one. As a rule, an employee may not sell
such shares until the blackout period has expired. The employee
stock purchase program was not offered in 2018.

Pursuant to Section 71b of the German Stock Corporation Act
(known by its German abbreviation, “AktG"), the Company's
treasury shares give it no rights, including no voting rights.

Legal Provisions and Rules of the Company's Articles of Associ-
ation Regarding the Appointment and Dismissal of Management
Board Members and Amendments to the Articles of Association
Pursuant to the Company's Articles of Association, the Manage-
ment Board consists of at least two members. The Supervisory
Board decides on the number of members as well as on their
appointment and dismissal.

70

The Supervisory Board appoints members to the Management
Board for a term not exceeding five years; reappointment is per-
missible. If more than one person is appointed as a member of
the Management Board, the Supervisory Board may appoint
one of the members as Chairperson of the Management Board.
If there is a vacancy on the Management Board for a required
member, the court makes the necessary appointment upon
petition by a concerned party in the event of an urgent matter.
The Supervisory Board may revoke the appointment of a mem-
ber of the Management Board and of the Chairperson of the
Management Board for serious cause (for further details, see
Sections 84 and 85 of the AktG).

Resolutions of the Shareholders Meeting require a majority of
the valid votes cast unless mandatory law or the Articles of
Association explicitly prescribe otherwise. An amendment to
the Articles of Association requires a two-thirds majority of the
votes cast or, in cases where at least half of the share capital is
represented, a simple majority of the votes cast unless manda-
tory law explicitly prescribes another type of majority.

The Supervisory Board is authorized to decide by resolution on
amendments to the Articles of Association that affect only their
wording (Section 10, Paragraph 7, of the Articles of Association).
Furthermore, the Supervisory Board is authorized to revise the
wording of Section 3 of the Articles of Association upon utiliza-
tion of authorized or conditional capital.


--- Page 52 ---

Management Board's Power to Issue or Buy Back Shares
Pursuant to a resolution of the Shareholders Meeting of May 10,
2017, the Company is authorized, until May 9, 2022, to acquire
treasury shares. The shares acquired and other treasury shares
that are in possession of or to be attributed to the Company
pursuant to Sections 71a et seq. of the AktG must altogether
at no point account for more than 10 percent of the Company's
share capital.

At the Management Board's discretion, the acquisition may be
conducted:

e through a stock exchange

* by means of a public offer directed at all shareholders or a
public solicitation to submit offers

* by means of a public offer or a public solicitation to submit
offers for the exchange of liquid shares that are admitted to
trading on an organized market, within the meaning of the
German Securities Purchase and Takeover Law, for Company
shares

* bythe use of derivatives (put or call options or a combination
of both).

These authorizations may be utilized on one or several occasions,
in whole or in partial amounts, in pursuit of one or more objec-
tives by the Company and also by its affiliated companies or by
third parties for the Company's account or one of its affiliate’s
account.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board 7 1
E.ON Stock
Strategy and Objectives
Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Further Information

With regard to treasury shares that will be, or have been, acquired
based on the aforementioned authorization and/or prior autho-
rizations by the Shareholders Meeting, the Management Board
is authorized, subject to the Supervisory Board's consent and
excluding shareholder subscription rights, to use these shares—
in addition to a disposal through a stock exchange or an offer
granting a subscription right to all shareholders—as follows:

* to be sold and transferred against cash consideration
* to be sold and transferred against contributions in kind

¢ to be used in order to satisfy the rights of creditors of bonds
with conversion or option rights or, respectively, conversion
obligations issued by the Company or its Group companies

¢ to be offered, with or without consideration, for purchase
and transferred to individuals who are or were employed
by the Company or one of its affiliates as well as to board
members of affiliates of the Company

¢ to be used for the purpose of a scrip dividend where share-
holders may choose to contribute their dividend entitlement
to the Company in the form of a contribution in kind in
exchange for new shares.


--- Page 53 ---

Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

These authorizations may be utilized on one or several occa-
sions, in whole or in partial amounts, separately or collectively,
including with respect to treasury shares acquired by affiliated
companies or companies majority-owned by the Company or
by third parties for their account or the Company's account.

In addition, the Management Board is authorized to cancel
treasury shares, without such cancellation or its implementation
requiring an additional resolution by the Shareholders Meeting.

In each case, the Management Board will inform the Share-
holders Meeting about the utilization of the aforementioned
authorization, in particular about the reasons for and the purpose
of the acquisition of treasury shares, the number of treasury
shares acquired, the amount of the registered share capital
attributable to them, the portion of the registered share capital
represented by them, and their equivalent value.

By shareholder resolution adopted at the Annual Shareholders
Meeting of May 10, 2017, the Management Board was autho-
rized, subject to the Supervisory Board's approval, to increase
until May 9, 2022, the Company's share capital by a total of up
to €460 million through one or more issuances of new registered
no-par-value shares against contributions in cash and/or in
kind (authorized capital pursuant to Sections 202 et seq. AktG;
Authorized Capital 2017). Subject to the Supervisory Board's
approval, the Management Board is authorized to exclude share-
holders’ subscription rights.

With the Supervisory Board's approval, the Management Board
adopted a resolution that took effect on March 12, 2018, to
utilize almost all of Authorized Capital 2017, which had been
resolved by the Annual Shareholders Meeting of May 10, 2017,
to increase E.ON SE's share capital—excluding shareholders’
subscription rights pursuant to Section 203, Paragraph 2, and
Section 186, Paragraph 3 of the AktG—from €2,201,099,000
to €2,641,318,800 through the issuance of 440,219,800 new
registered no-par-value shares against contributions in kind.
The capital increase and its implementation have not yet been
filed for entry into the Commercial Register. This is to take place
after certain conditions precedent are met. The capital increase
and the issuance of new stock will not take effect until the
capital increase has been implemented and entered into the
Commercial Register of E.ON SE. Note 19 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements contains more information about Autho-
rized Capital 2017.

At the Annual Shareholders Meeting of May 10, 2017, share-
holders approved a conditional increase of the share capital
(with the option to exclude shareholders’ subscription rights)
up to the amount of €175 million (Conditional Capital 2017).
Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contains more
information about Conditional Capital 2017.

72

Significant Agreements to which the Company Is a Party That
Take Effect on a Change of Control of the Company Following
a Takeover Bid

The underlying contracts of debt issued since 2007 contain
change-of-control clauses that give the creditor the right of can-
cellation. This applies, inter alia, to bonds issued by E.ON SE
and E.ON International Finance B.V. and guaranteed by E.ON SE,
promissory notes issued by E.ON SE, and other instruments
such as credit contracts. Granting change-of-control rights

to creditors is considered good corporate governance and has
become standard market practice. More information about
financial liabilities is contained in the section of the Combined
Group Management Report entitled Financial Situation and in
Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Settlement Agreements between the Company and
Management Board Members or Employees in the Case

of a Change-of-Control Event

In the event of a premature loss of a Management Board posi-
tion due to a change-of-control event, the service agreements
of Management Board members entitle them to severance and
settlement payments (see the detailed presentation in the
Compensation Report).

To the extent that the Company has agreed to settlement pay-
ments for Management Board members in the case of a change
of control, the purpose of such agreements is to preserve the
independence of Management Board members.

Achange-of-control event would also result in the early payout
of virtual shares under the E.ON Share Matching Plan and the
E.ON Performance Plan.

Other Disclosures Relevant to Takeovers

The Company has not been informed about, nor is it aware of,
any direct or indirect interests in its share capital that exceed
10 percent of the voting rights. Note 19 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements contains more information about the
planned acquisition of E.ON SE stock by RWE Downstream
Beteiligungs GmbH. Stock with special rights granting power
of control has not been issued. In the case of stock given by the
Company to employees, employees exercise their rights of con-
trol directly and in accordance with legal provisions and the pro-
visions of the Articles of Association, just like other shareholders.
