

--- Page 1 ---

“ll «DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

History of Sopra Steria Group

H History of Sopra Steria Group

A PERFORMANCE-ENHANCING CORPORATE PLAN

Sopra Steria has reinforced its position as a European leader in
digital transformation. The Group’s shares are listed on the SBF 120
index, and it posted €4.1 billion in revenue and employed more than
44,000 people in over 25 countries in 2018.

Sopra Steria was born from the merger in 2014 of two of
France's oldest digital services companies, Sopra and Steria, founded
respectively in 1968 and 1969, and both characterised by a strong
entrepreneurial spirit as well as a firm collective commitment to
serving their clients.

1968-1985

Meeting the needs of an increasingly computerised society

The emerging IT services industry is in step with the demands of an
increasingly modern society. Sopra and Steria set ambitious growth
targets to achieve critical mass as quickly as possible, and to meet the
needs of major clients with innovative products and services.

Sopra invests in software development and opens up new vertical
markets. Meanwhile, Steria signs a series of major contracts from
the public sector.

1985-2000

An era of rebuilding

After two decades of strong momentum, the IT services market enters
a maturity phase and faces its first tests. In 1985, Sopra rethinks its
fundamentals. A model combining two complementary businesses
emerges, and the company focuses on systems integration and
software development. The Group places financial performance at
the heart of its strategy to ensure its long-term independence and
prepare for its initial public offering, which takes place in 1990.

Steria also reorganises its functional structure. By rationalising and
industrialising processes, it once again wins major deals. Everything
is ready for the company to plan its initial public offering in 1999.

2000-2014

Contributing to clients’ digital transformation

In 2001, the Internet bubble bursts accelerating market changes.
Clients are looking for global players capable of assisting them in
transforming their businesses.

Steria responds to these challenges by making major, structural
acquisitions. The Group doubles in size by integrating Bull’s European
services businesses in 2001, and boosts its consulting offering with
the acquisition of German firm Mummert Consulting in 2005. Xansa,
a British group specialising in business process outsourcing (BPO),
joins the Steria fold in 2007. In 2013, Steria signs one of the biggest
contracts in its history with the UK government, strengthening its
foothold in the public sector.

Sopra combines internal and external growth to consolidate its
European expansion and its areas of expertise: consulting, systems
integration and solutions development. Axway, a subsidiary formed
by bringing together the Group's software infrastructure divisions,

16 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

is floated in 2011 to let it pursue its growth independently and set
out to conquer the US market. Sopra is recognised for its expertise in
financial services, leading to the creation of Sopra Banking Software
in 2012. In 2014, dedicated human resources solutions are brought
together in a single subsidiary, Sopra HR Software.

2014-2019

A new dimension and accelerated performance

Due to the changes resulting from digital transformation, business-
related issues are becoming increasingly significant within the
digital services market. In this context, a friendly tie-up between
Sopra and Steria makes perfect sense, and on 31 December 2014,
a new European leader in digital transformation is created: Sopra
Steria. The two groups perfectly complement each other in terms
of business activities, strategic vertical markets and geographic
segments, and their business cultures are closely aligned.

In the first few months of 2015, the integration plan jointly designed
by Sopra and Steria teams is successfully rolled out in the operational
and functional departments of the new Group. At the same time,
the Sopra Steria 2020 Project is launched in order to improve
performance in all areas and increase added value. By capitalising
on an end-to-end offering delivered to major clients using a vertical
approach, the project supports initiatives within the area of digital
technology and puts the emphasis on consulting services and the
development of software solutions, by means of organic growth
and acquisitions. In 2016, the Group launches New Way, a three-
year programme aiming to unite all employees around a single
culture and shared fundamental values. The We Share employee
shareholding plan gives employees a greater stake in the Group’s
expansion. With around 7% of share capital managed on behalf
of its employees, Sopra Steria is France’s leading digital services
company in terms of employee shareholders.

Strategic investments continue in services, consulting and the
development of business solutions. The acquisition of CIMPA in
October 2015 boosts the Group's presence in the product lifecycle
management (PLM) market. Following the acquisition of software
house Cassiopae, finalised in January 2017, three new companies
joined the Sopra Steria Group in 2017 (Kentor, 2MoRO and
Gallitt). These acquisitions have helped to strengthen Sopra Steria’s
positioning in Scandinavia, in the aerospace and banking vertical
markets.

In 2018, the acquisitions of BLUECARAT, a German IT services
company (finalised on 3 May 2018) and of it-economics, a German
digital consulting firm (finalised on 5 July 2018), strengthen Sopra
Steria’s position in Germany.

In the first half of 2018, Sopra Banking Software strengthened
its footprint in its markets with the acquisition of O.R. System,
followed by that of Apak in the second half.

Sopra Steria thus provides end-to-end solutions to address the core
business needs of large companies and organisations, helping them
remain competitive and grow. Combining expert business knowledge
and added value with innovative high-performance services, the
company excels in guiding its clients through transformation projects
to help them make the most of digital technology.


--- Page 2 ---

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA EE

Overview of the digital services sector

Overview of the digital services sector

2.1.

Main markets — Competitive environment of the digital services sector

In 2018, the digital services market in Western Europe was worth an estimated €305 billion ”.

| DIGITAL SERVICES MARKET IN WESTERN EUROPE (EXCLUDING HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE)

Country (in billions of euros)

France 40.3
United Kingdom 90.8
Germany 52.7
Rest of Europe 121.2
TOTAL 305.0

Source: Gartner (Q4 2018), in constant 2013 US dollars.

The market in Western Europe expanded by an estimated 4% in 2018, including growth of 4.6% in Germany, 4% in France and 2.4% in the
United Kingdom. According to market research (source: Gartner), this trend is expected to continue, with annual growth of more than 4%

out to 2022.

| DIGITAL SERVICES MARKET IN WESTERN EUROPE (EXCLUDING HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE)

Business (in billions of euros)

Consulting 61.2
Systems development and integration 75.7
Outsourced IT services 129.7
Business process outsourcing 38.4
TOTAL 305.0

Source: Gartner (Q4 2018), in constant 2013 US dollars.

In 2018, the business process outsourcing and outsourced IT
services segments expanded at estimated rates of 2.9% and 2.8%,
respectively. The fastest-growing segments were services relating to
applications development and systems integration (estimated 4%
growth) and consulting (estimated 7.7% growth).

The European market has two main characteristics:

a three countries (the United Kingdom, Germany and France)
account for 60% of IT services spending ‘”;

= outsourcing of technology services (application maintenance and
infrastructure management) and business process outsourcing
together account for a little over half of IT services spending by
European companies ‘").

Furthermore, the IT services market remains fragmented despite

some consolidation, with the leading player in the European market

(1) Source: Gartner (Q4 2018), in constant 2013 US dollars.

holding far less than a 10% share. Against this backdrop, Sopra
Steria is one of the ten largest digital services companies operating in
Europe (excluding captive service providers and purely local players).
Its market share stands at over 4% in France and currently averages
between 0.5% and 1% in the other major European markets.

Sopra Steria’s main competitors in Europe are Accenture, Atos,
Capgemini, CGI, DXC and IBM, all of which are present worldwide.
It also faces competition from Indian groups, chiefly in the United
Kingdom (such as TCS, Cognizant, Wipro and Infosys), and local
companies with a strong regional presence (Indra in Spain, Fujitsu in
the United Kingdom, Tieto and Evry in Scandinavia, etc.). Apart from
its services business, listed rivals such as Temenos and Alfa Financials
also command a significant presence in the software market, where
Sopra Steria is also present, especially in banking.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018 17


--- Page 3 ---

“ll «DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Sopra Steria’s activities

Sopra Steria’s activities

3.1. A major European player
in digital transformation

Sopra Steria, a major European player in digital transformation, has
one of the most comprehensive portfolios of offerings on the market,
spanning consulting and systems integration, the development of
business and technology solutions, infrastructure management,
cybersecurity and business process services (BPS).

The Group provides end-to-end solutions to address the core
business needs of large companies and organisations, helping them
remain competitive and grow throughout their transformation, from
strategic analysis, programme definition and implementation, and
IT infrastructure transformation and operation, to designing and
implementing solutions and outsourcing business processes.

Combining added value, innovative solutions and high-performance
services, Sopra Steria’s hybrid model capitalises on its substantial
experience. Thanks to very close relationships with its clients, the
Group is able to continually innovate to guarantee that its offerings
remain relevant to the strategic challenges of each of its vertical
markets

Sopra Steria is an independent group whose founders and managers
control 22.4% of its share capital and 33.0% of its theoretical voting
rights. With more than 44,000 employees in over 25 countries, it
pursues a strategy based on European key accounts.

Sopra Steria Group is also the preferred partner of Axway Software,
whose exchange and digital enablement platforms play an important
role in renovating information systems and opening them up to
digital technology.

For Sopra Steria, helping clients succeed in their digital transformation
means breaking down their strategic and business challenges into
digital initiatives through an exclusive end-to-end offering. Whether
this takes a vertical approach (from the ideation of a need through
to execution) or a horizontal approach (driven by data continuity),
Sopra Steria’s approach enables it to offer multi-disciplinary teams.
These teams are trained in the new microservices platforms, DevOps
and cloud computing (hard skills). They are also adopting new
methods of designing, delivering and embedding teams (soft skills).
Sopra Steria is therefore able to offer the two key components of
successful digital transformation: speed of execution (or delivery in
“fast IT” mode) and openness to external ecosystems.

3.1.1. CONSULTING AND SYSTEMS INTEGRATION

a. Consulting

Sopra Steria Consulting, the Group's consulting brand, is a leading
consulting firm. Sopra Steria Consulting has over 40 years’ experience
in business and technological consultancy for large companies and
public bodies, with around 3,000 consultants in France and Europe.
Its aim is to accelerate the development and competitiveness of
its clients by supporting them in their digital transformation. This
support mainly involves understanding clients’ business issues using
substantial sector-specific expertise, and then working to design

18 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

transformation roadmaps (business processes, data architecture,
change management, etc.) to make the most of new digital
technologies.

b. Systems integration

Systems integration is Sopra Steria’s original core business, and
covers all aspects of the information system lifecycle and major
transformation programmes. Sopra Steria is equipped to address the
full range of its clients’ software asset needs:

Design and integration

Sopra Steria’s teams help their clients implement agile and industrial-
scale projects. The Group undertakes to design and deliver systems in
line with business requirements that are flexible and adapted to the
new requirements of digital transformation as well as sector-specific
regulatory constraints. This is made possible by working closely with
the Sopra Steria Consulting teams.

Performance and transformation

In addition to standard information systems maintenance, Sopra
Steria takes a continuous transformation approach to these systems
to guarantee optimised operational efficiency for its clients, suited
to changes in their business. The transformation approach includes
a well-equipped and documented procedure making it possible to
combine the issues involved in reducing the time to market with
improved competitiveness and continuity of service.

Streamlining data flow

Once the systems and technologies are implemented, the information
system gives access to reliable, relevant and critical data, offering
better analysis of user satisfaction and optimisation of service
performance

With the increasing number of diverse data sources relating
to fundamental changes in use, data is a more valuable to the
company than ever. To increase the value of this data, Sopra Steria
has developed specific know-how and expertise to manage the
exponential growth in data volumes and associated skills (data
science, smart machines, automation, artificial intelligence) by
integrating them in a global solution, securing the data regardless
of its origin (mobile devices, smart objects, data privacy, the cloud,
multimodal and multichannel systems, etc.) and using the data by
means of contextualised algorithms.

The Group’s systems integration offering thus meets the challenges
posed by both the obsolescence and modernisation of information
systems, ensuring optimal flexibility and value creation.

Product lifecycle management (PLM)

CIMPA provides comprehensive expertise via its PLM offering, which
covers all the various facets of PLM services

= PLM strategy creation or optimisation;
= deployment of strategy-related tools, processes or methods;
= user training and support


--- Page 4 ---

3.1.2. IT INFRASTRUCTURE MANAGEMENT

With over 4,500 technology experts worldwide and more than
10 years’ experience in developing our outsourcing service centres
in Europe and India, Sopra Steria provides digital transformation
support for all technological and organisational transformation
projects from consulting to execution in the IT infrastructure
management sector.

The hands-on approach applied for infrastructure
management covers five types of services that are essential to
support information system transformation for our clients:

= Consulting on Services: Offers value propositions for the co-
management and operation of transformation projects. This is
provided across all four of the other service categories listed below;

Optimum Cloud Services: A comprehensive range
of cloud solutions and services with key market operators.
Customisable services such as: CloudOps, CloudOptim or even
CloudMigrationFactory to manage our clients’ cloud environments;

= Application Live Services: Proven commissioning solutions,
continuity of service and data management solutions. Customisable
services such as: DevOps services, live services, API services
and smart data services to ensure reliability and a high level of
application availability;

Intelligent Services: An intelligent services platform to better
serve our clients’ employees. Customisable services such as: digital
workplace services, support services and Al services to make client
services more efficient;

Legacy Services Plus: Technology experts in servers, storage and
backup to optimise existing applications while also looking after
development and interconnection with applications hosted in the
cloud. These services are complemented by hosting capacity in
Europe, benefiting from HDS certification (France).

We assist large organisations with their strategic cloud-native, cloud-
first or “data centre-less” initiatives.

Combining consulting and multimodal delivery, our teams work
more specifically on transformation and managed services projects
in private, public and hybrid cloud environments.

3.1.3. CYBERSECURITY

With over 700 experts and several state-of-the-art cybersecurity
centres in Europe and worldwide (France, United Kingdom,
Singapore), Sopra Steria is a global player in protecting critical
systems and sensitive information assets for major institutional and
private clients.

Cybersecurity covers five key areas of expertise:

= Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC): High value-added
consulting services coupled with GRC solution integration in
order to provide well-equipped security governance focused on
managing business risks. In the area of regulatory compliance,
Sopra Steria’s comprehensive support to ensure compliance with
major French and European regulations (LPM/NIS, CNIL/GDPR,
export control, etc.) is based on the legal and operational expertise
of our consultants;

= Application Security: A complete programme for securing
applications, including a “secure by design” project approach and
a unique code review as a service (CRaaS) production capacity
made possible by our cybersecurity centres;

= Cloud Security: Sopra Steria Cloud Security Services covers
compliance with the frameworks concerned, “secure by design”
principles, application security and overall monitoring of public
cloud and multi-cloud environments;

= Data Security: A comprehensive programme, extending from
business-related risks to protection and surveillance measures,

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA EE

Sopra Steria’s activities

designed for hybrid environments (legacy, cloud) and leveraging
the best of big data and data science technologies;

Security Intelligence Centre (SIC): A scalable Security
Operations Centre (SOC) offering that may be used by the
organisations known in France as opérateurs d’importance vitale,
or OlVs (identified by the French state as having activities that are
vital or hazardous for the population), in line with Sopra Steria’s
certification as an authorised security incident detection service
provider (PDIS) by the ANSSI, the French networks and information
security agency. The leading offering of its kind in France, this
type of SOC combines information management and artificial
intelligence to anticipate, detect, analyse and respond to cyber
attacks as quickly and accurately as possible.

This comprehensive offering is suited for any environment and
provides a tangible solution for the security issues specific to
industrial systems.

3.1.4. BUSINESS SOLUTIONS

Sopra Steria offers its business expertise to clients via packaged
solutions in three areas: banks and other financial institutions via
Sopra Banking Software, human resources personnel via Sopra HR
Software, and real estate owners and agents with its real estate
management solutions. The Group offers its clients the most
powerful solutions, in line with their objectives and representing the
state of the art in terms of technology, know-how and expertise in
each of these three areas.

Solutions

Sopra Banking Software: Solutions developer
for the financial services industry

Sopra Banking Software, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group,
is the developer of market-leading financial solutions for more than
800 banks (direct- and branch-based retail banks, private banks,
microfinance companies, Islamic financial institutions, centralised
payment or credit factories) and specialist lenders around the world.

Sopra Banking Software's 4,200 experts are all fully dedicated to the
success of their clients, implementing solutions that process more
than 800 million transactions in order to meet objectives such as
enhancing the client experience, operational excellence, controlling
costs, compliance and reducing risks.

Beyond solutions and technologies, the question of the value
promises made to clients is of paramount importance. This involves
the development of new client experiences, but also the optimisation
of existing systems. Optimisation helps to identify the investments
needed to innovate and drive economic growth, promote advances
in technology and ensure legal and ethical compliance. Each
transformation is a multidimensional process specific to each client.
This is why Sopra Banking Software works together with each of
its clients to develop solutions and help them forge their own path
going forward.

Platform, Amplitude and Digital Experience Platform:
Three offerings to transform banks

Supported by an API, RESTful, microservices and cloud-native
architecture, Sopra Banking Software's offerings cover all business
processes in banking, from client relationships and banking
production to accounting integration and regulatory reporting,
and are entirely open. They use them to carry out their day-to-
day operations and successfully complete their transformations to
guarantee sustainable growth.

Sopra Banking Software is recognised for the power of its solutions
and the quality of its experts.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018 19


--- Page 5 ---

“ll «DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Sopra Steria’s activities

An unrivalled global position in asset finance

Sopra Banking Software’s complete, flexible and field-proven
solution in this area covers all requirements for business and
personal financing and loans: car loans, capital goods loans, but
also equipment and real estate leasing, and even market financing.

Thanks to the value-creating innovation culture fostered among
all the entity's experts, combined with a collaborative working
approach, its clients are able to raise satisfaction levels among their
customers while driving growth.

Services

From consulting to analysis, planning, training of teams,
implementation and maintenance, Sopra Banking Software also
supports its clients by offering a wide range of related services over
the entire life cycle of their projects.

In addition to operating its own solutions, Sopra Banking Software
offers SaaS solutions.

Sopra HR Software: A market leader in human resource
management

Sopra Steria Group also develops human resource management
solutions via Sopra HR Software (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sopra
Steria). Sopra HR Software is present in 10 countries, providing
comprehensive HR solutions perfectly suited to the needs of human
resources departments. Sopra HR Software currently has a workforce
of 1,576 people and manages the payrolls of 850 clients with over
12 million employees.

Sopra HR Software is a partner for successful digital transformation
of companies and anticipates new generations of HR solutions.

Solutions

The Sopra HR Software offerings are based on the most innovative
business practices and cover a wide range of functions, including
core HR, payroll, time and activity tracking, talent management, HR
spaces for employee engagement and collaboration, and analytics.
The offering is based on two product lines, HR Access® and Pléiades®,
aimed at large and medium-sized public or private organisations in
any sector and of varying organisational complexity, irrespective of
their location

Within Sopra HR Lab, the Group anticipates the best of new HR
solutions.

Services

Sopra HR Software, a comprehensive service provider, offers a
number of services linked to its solution offering. Sopra HR Software
supports its clients throughout their projects, from consulting
through to implementation, including staff training, maintenance
and business process services (BPS).

Sopra HR Software implements its own solutions either on-premise
or in the cloud and also offers a wide range of managed services.

Real Estate Management Solutions by Sopra Steria: The
leading name in digital transformation for real estate
management

Sopra Steria is the leading developer/distributor/integrator/service
manager of real estate management software in France. At the
cutting edge of digital technologies, it offers its clients the most
comprehensive information system on the market.

20 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

Targeting major operators in the public and private sector in France
(institutional investors, social housing, real estate management
companies, major users), Sopra Steria covers all areas of the real
estate industry and markets itself through comprehensive solutions
comprising products, innovative technology services (collaborative
environments, BIM, apps, cloud, extranet) and consulting services.

With this full digital offering, Sopra Steria combines digital services
around a single data repository for the building, its occupants
and the management of real estate assets. This therefore makes it
possible to achieve a higher return on the real estate portfolio while
also improving its use and relations with occupants and service
providers.

3.1.5. BUSINESS PROCESS SERVICES

Sopra Steria offers a full range of business process services (BPS)
solutions: consulting for the identification of target operating
models, development of transition and transformation plans, and
managed services.

Today, our BPS offering goes hand in hand with digital transformation.
Digital technologies have opened up opportunities for improving
key business processes in all organisations. Whether they involve
robotics, chatbots, automatic natural language processing (NLP)
or artificial intelligence (Al) more widely, digital technologies can
streamline the execution of processes, cut their costs and lead to
new approaches.

Sopra Steria has forged relationships with major providers of digital
solutions for BPS. Furthermore, we enjoy a strong presence in the
technology ecosystem, both in France and worldwide. We thus
have access to a dynamic network of partners as well as a singular
ability to identify innovative solutions owing to our connections with
the world of technology startups. We combine our own platforms
with those of our technology partners to provide the right level
of innovation within our design/production/operation services.
Our specialised design teams work to ensure the best possible
client experience for end-users and we offer our clients ways to
considerably improve process efficiency by leveraging intelligent
automation and machine learning. Thanks to our technology assets,
we are helping to develop tomorrow’s operating models.

Sopra Steria employs many consultants and practising professionals
with expertise in BPS and the digital sector. They help organisations
make the best use of new digital technologies to transform their
activities, from their operating models to their processes and end-user
services. Our ability to handle transformation in both its human and
business dimensions allows us to support our clients wherever their
digital journey takes them, helping them to move from a theoretical
perspective on possible solutions to a focus on specific technologies.
We eliminate inefficient practices, reorganise tasks and improve
results for each activity entrusted to us, whether it involves individual
business processes or highly complex shared services. Added to this
is the experience of our employees in change management, which
is essential to the success of any transformation. In the various BPS
areas, we can provide the services ourselves or work in tandem with
the client's personnel to carry out the engagement. In these cases,
we invest in these individuals to help them become more effective
and productive, sharing our best practices with them.

Sopra Steria operates two of the largest shared service centres in
Europe, taking charge of multiple business processes each day on
behalf of end-clients.


--- Page 6 ---

3.2. Business expertise at the heart
of our strategy

Sopra Steria has chosen eight major vertical markets that constitute
its areas of excellence and make up 90% of revenue. The Group has
a comprehensive offering in each of these fields, meeting the specific
challenges of its clients.

3.2.1. BANKING

The banking and financial services sector has entered a new era,
that of Open Banking. Client demands and regulatory pressures are
constantly increasing and new market entrants (fintech companies,
the “Big Four” tech companies, retail and telecoms players, etc.) are
helping to accelerate transformations in this ecosystem, moving it
toward greater openness, a paradigm shift often referred to as the
Open Banking revolution

Faced with these new challenges, Sopra Steria aims to be a partner
for banks, helping to facilitate and accelerate this transformation.

With three core areas of expertise — understanding of the banking
sector, its clients and the most innovative technologies — the
Group offers powerful and agile software solutions, as well as
their application by means of value-added use. The Group and its
subsidiary Sopra Banking Software provide comprehensive solutions
and turn changes in the banking world into opportunities for their
clients, whether in risk management, regulatory compliance, data
protection, improving the client experience, optimising performance,
delivering differentiation or identifying new sources of income.

3.2.2. PUBLIC SECTOR

Faced with new expectations from civil society and businesses, the
need to optimise their expenditure, the obligation to keep up with
regulatory changes and driven by a wave of reforms, public sector
entities are continuing the broad-based transformation of their
activities, organisations and the services offered to their users.

When digital technology is a force for change, Sopra Steria provides
solutions in two main categories: (i) the digitisation of government
services, the re-engineering of processes and, more generally,
the modernisation of business-specific information systems via
digital transformation programmes, and (ii) the pooling of support
functions for central government agencies, local authorities, and key
providers in the health and welfare sectors.

As a result, public sector organisations can ensure that they meet
their targets and priorities at the lowest cost, while giving their
information system the agility it requires to cope with the challenges
they face.

3.2.3. | AEROSPACE, DEFENCE AND HOMELAND SECURITY

a. Aerospace

The aeronautics and space sector is a particularly fertile ground for
innovation. It is subject to constraints regarding reliability, availability,
security and performance, which require suppliers to have full
command of the technologies and processes implemented, as well as
a thorough understanding of their different clients’ core businesses.

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA EE

Sopra Steria’s activities

For optimal service, companies operating in this sector must align
their capacities with the pace of production and optimise their
processes and information systems while also improving profitability.
Digital continuity and the ability to manage the product life cycle,
from design to manufacture and after-sales services, are crucial.
Sopra Steria’s acquisition in 2015 of CIMPA, a specialist in product
lifecycle management, makes total sense in this context particularly
as it was followed in 2017 by the acquisition of 2MoRO, extending
the Group's offering in aerospace maintenance activities.

To meet these challenges, Sopra Steria’s expertise comes into play
in such critical areas as industrial efficiency, manufacturing and
particularly the shop floor, supply chain, on-board systems and air
traffic control.

b. Defence

In a tense geopolitical context, marked by the rise of new threats
to states (cybercrime, terrorism, etc.), defence departments must
improve their effectiveness while taking into account budgetary
constraints. It has become essential to optimise the interoperability
and security of critical operational systems for exchanging real-time
information.

With over 40 years’ experience in supporting the military in Europe,
Sopra Steria combines pragmatism and innovation, thanks to
powerful technological and process solutions

= interoperability and security of military systems;
efficiency and overall effectiveness of the armed forces;

efficiency of the military supply chain (supply chain management);
reliability of operational and communication information systems;

mass data leveraging for information systems;

sovereign cyber-defence solutions and services;

control over costs and the complexity of ensuring compliance for
command and control systems.

c. Homeland security

Sopra Steria supports public authorities in meeting the challenges of
homeland security. The Group operates in 24 countries, serving many
different organisations: police, emergency services, border control,
census services, justice, customs and homeland security services.
Sopra Steria carries out large-scale, complex and critical projects on
behalf of these organisations, concerning:

= management of surveys and domestic intelligence;

road safety;

automation of command and control solutions;

management of identity documents, security credentials and civil
and criminal biometrics;

modernisation of civil and criminal systems and management of
prisoners;

intelligent, distributed computer systems;

infrastructure security;

= mobile technologies to optimise operations on the ground

In addition, the Group has developed innovative solutions specific
to the security sector, to meet the challenges and requirements of
clients in this field (biometrics, mobile technology, fingerprint and
genetic footprint search engines, etc.).

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018 21


--- Page 7 ---

“ll «DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Sopra Steria’s activities

3.2.4. ENERGY AND UTILITIES

Faced with the challenges of energy transition and the opening up of
markets, as well as regulatory constraints, companies in the energy
sector must be increasingly creative to improve their productivity,
develop new products and services, control costs, reduce their
environmental impact and rationalise their operations.

In a context of strategic choices to be made between integration and
specialisation, investment priorities focused on the regulated arena
or the competitive sector, and the extent of internationalisation,
digitisation is fast becoming the inevitable route to step up
transformation for players in this sector.

Sopra Steria supports energy suppliers and utilities in their strategic
responses to trends affecting a number of areas:

= experience and client acquisition: Reinventing customer relations
and designing new services;

= optimisation of asset performance: Controlling operating costs
and securing performance;

= digital transformation of engineering firms: Overhauling processes
for the design, construction and maintenance of industrial assets;

= modernisation of networks: Accompanying the decentralisation
and the digitisation of energy networks;

= transformation and performance of organisations: Facilitating
changes in organisations and business lines necessitated by major
changes affecting the sector.

3.2.5. TELECOMS, MEDIA AND GAMING

The telecoms, media and gaming sector is at the centre of the digital
revolution, and is continually innovating to stay abreast of new
digital interactions and the emergence of new technologies and
usage patterns.

Sopra Steria enables its clients to meet the following main challenges:

= transformation of the telecommunications sector: End-to-
end digitisation from client systems to infrastructure, network
virtualisation, fixed-mobile convergence, reduction of the time to
market, optimisation and digitisation of customer relationships;

network management: Reduction in infrastructure management
costs, introduction and operation of new technologies such as
SDN/NFV or 5G, reduction in delivery times, sharing of operating
and investment expenditures between providers;

diversification: Operators offer new services such as the internet of
things, content distribution and even financial services;

core media business: Use of new technologies, optimisation of
advertising revenue, digitisation of content, improvement in the
creation and broadcasting of television programmes;

core gaming business: Management of customer retention and
churn, fraud reduction and control over cash flows, compliance
with regulations, digitisation of distribution channels, and
differentiation by customer experience.

22 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

3.2.6. TRANSPORT

The transport sector is undergoing far-reaching changes and must
meet new challenges: growing international and urban traffic, new
modes of transport (carpooling, low-cost operators, long-distance
buses, free-floating systems for car, bike and scooter sharing, to
name a few), the inescapable renovation of ageing networks, while
preparing for the opening to competition and the arrival of new
digital players (Google, Uber, BlaBlaCar, etc.)

Faced with these major challenges, the transport sector must strive
to provide door-to-door, multimodal services (rail and underground,
bicycles, taxis, buses, scooters) with a low carbon footprint, adopting
a passenger-centric approach.

In transport, our aim is to be the digital transformation partner
for the main players across the three key business dimensions of
their value chain: innovation in the passenger experience to achieve
greater simplicity and fluidity, operational management of resources
to ensure more robust offerings, and better use of capital assets
(fleets, infrastructure).

Our ambition is also to be a recognised player in mobility ecosystems:
mobility platforms, autonomous shuttles/vehicles, smart cities, etc.

Sopra Steria has developed business know-how in all of these fields
based on four main themes:

a infrastructure management: Asset management, preventive and
predictive management (e.g. industrial loT), factory 4.0 or factory
of the future, maintenance of aeroplanes and rolling stock,
mobility, paperless records, etc.;

a traffic management: From timetable design to transport planning,
rolling stock management and supervision of rail, road and air
traffic;

passenger experience: Mobile ticketing, boarding and access
control, passenger information, and new services in stations and
airports;

= transport services tailored to smart cities: Mass transit, sustainable
urban logistics, multimodal urban mobility services (MaaS),
collaborative mobility management.

Sopra Steria is a leading player in business and information system
transformation for major clients in the rail, aviation, postal services
and urban transport sectors.

3.2.7. INSURANCE

The insurance sector is fiercely competitive and subject to increasingly
strict regulation. As in other areas, policyholders expect to interact
with providers via various channels, and providers are attempting to
develop client-centred processes in order to ensure seamless service
for all the policyholder’s major milestones. Insurance companies and
social welfare providers have to find a way of cutting costs while also
optimising efficiency and providing a differentiated and harmonious
client experience.

Sopra Steria offers its clients solutions focused on transforming
distribution models, the development of new insurance products
and services, and operational efficiency, through services such


--- Page 8 ---

as maximising value-add for the client experience, leveraging of
data and information assets, acceleration of paperless processes
and digital transformation, alignment of business processes and
information systems, and the use of smart devices for prevention,
big data for combating fraud and artificial intelligence for smart care.

3.2.8. RETAIL

Retailers face a challenging business environment as well as profound
and continual changes in the shopping habits of customers,
who increasingly use digital technology. To remain competitive,
transformation is essential. The aim is to secure and better manage
retail business practices while offering a real ability to innovate to
meet consumer demand for immediate and flexible services.

Strategy and objectives

4.1. Strong and original positioning
in Europe

Sopra Steria’s ambition is to be a major European player in digital
transformation, with a comprehensive, high value-added offering,
enabling its clients to make the best use of digital technology to
innovate, transform their models (business as well as operational
models), and optimise their performance.

The Group's aim is to be the benchmark partner for large public
authorities, financial and industrial operators and strategic companies
in the main countries in which it operates.

To achieve this aim, Sopra Steria will continue to strengthen its key
competitive advantages:

= business software solutions which, when combined with the
Group’s full range of services, make its offering unique;

= a position among the leaders in the financial services vertical (core
banking and specialist lenders) bolstered by the success of the
Sopra Banking Software solutions;

= very close relationships with its clients, thanks to its roots in the
regions where it operates and its ability to meet core business
requirements without taking the prescriptive approach favoured
by certain global providers.

(1) Source: Truffle 100, May 2018.

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA EE

Strategy and objectives

Sopra Steria assists retailers with their digital transformation and has
developed knowledge and experience in multi-channel commerce,
optimisation of logistics chains and understanding client needs. In
this way, the business processes and information systems of these
companies become a lever for performance.

3.3. Research and Development
in Solutions

The Group has continued its R&D efforts, investing €104.9 million in
2018 (versus €102.2 million in 2017) in developing and expanding
its business solutions. All of these totals are gross amounts and do
not take into account funding related to the French R&D tax credit.

4.2. Confirmed objectives and priority
action areas

4.2.1... DEVELOPMENT OF SOLUTIONS

The Group, currently France’s number two software development
company “”, confirms its medium-term target of bringing the
share of its solution development and integration activities to 20%
of its revenue. Through a combination of organic growth and
acquisitions, efforts will continue to be focused on enriching the
Group's solutions, adapting them to cloud systems and leveraging
new digital technologies, along with the development of managed
services and geographic expansion.

The development of Sopra Banking Software, whose aim is to
conquer markets beyond Europe, is a priority. The Group will also
continue to strengthen its leading position in human resources and
real estate management solutions, remaining on the lookout for new
sector opportunities.

4.2.2. EXPANSION IN CONSULTING

In order to position itself even more securely with client decision-
makers at the business department level, the Group is continuing its
move up the value chain in Consulting, and confirms its medium-
term target of bringing the share of these activities to 15% of
revenue. To do this, it is gradually developing a range of consulting
services and capacity in all of the regions in which it operates, using
a model that favours synergies with the Group’s other business lines.
The priorities in this area are digital consulting, upstream consulting
(e.g. digital strategy, operating strategy, IT strategy), enhancing
business expertise in each vertical market with special emphasis on
the financial services vertical and building a strong brand for the
Consulting business in the market.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018 23


--- Page 9 ---

“ll «DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Strategy and objectives

4.2.3. LEVERAGING DIGITAL TECHNOLOGIES

Sopra Steria has successfully completed numerous digital projects.
Its experience has allowed it to offer a holistic approach to digital
transformation to the market, based on a series of best practices,
with the ultimate goal of creating the platform enterprise.

Accordingly, to step up its commitment along these lines, the Group
is continuing its investments with the following goals:

= being at the cutting edge of the market in all of its services and
business models;

= strengthening its technology assets;
= transforming its operational models;
= educating all of its employees in digital culture, practices and skills;

= keeping an eye on the market in order to clarify its digital strategy
and target the best digital partners.

Digitisation of offerings and business model adaptation

The Group is gradually adapting its solutions to factor in advances
in digital technology in a number of key areas, such as client/user
experience, service platforms, analytics and virtual advisors, and
accommodate the growing use of hybrid (private/public) cloud
environments by its clients.

The same approach is being applied for each of the Group’s
major service offerings — Consulting, Application Services (Build
and Application Management), Infrastructure Management,
Cybersecurity, Business Process Services — with the following
objectives

= using the immense potential of new technologies for the benefit
of all of its clients;

= presenting new value propositions to the market: UX/UI strategy
and design, digital factories, development/operation of service
platforms, end-to-end approaches covering needs from consulting
to run services for cloud migration and the modernisation of
legacy information systems, etc.

The digitisation of offerings and, more broadly speaking, changing
client expectations, have led the Group to adapt its business
models. The Group anticipates that it will be selling more and
more solutions operated on behalf of clients and, in services,
increasingly leveraging intellectual property (reusable components,
implementation accelerators, integration/operation platforms, etc.),
thereby gradually moving away from billing simply based on the
number of person-days spent on a project

Technology assets

The Group is continually investing in the exploration of new ideas
and expertise in architectures, and in emerging digital and cloud
technologies and uses, relying on its teams of “digital champions”.

At the same time, all necessary resources are being put in place
to rapidly develop and operate digital solutions on behalf of the
Group’s clients that are natively designed to function in hybrid
(private/public) cloud environments:

= DevOps to industrialise processes;

= technology foundation to enable the quick setup of digital services
platforms (based in particular on the components of Axway’s
Hybrid Integration Platform);

= environment for the development, management and execution of
reusable software components;

almplementation accelerators for new digital technologies
(blockchain, augmented reality (AR)/ virtual reality (VR), smart
machines, the internet of things (loT), etc.);

24 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

= pre-trained machine learning/data science algorithms and models
(for targeted verticals and business areas);

= digital factories to enable service offerings combining consulting
and software (e.g. cloud migration and information system
modernisation).

Transformation of operational models

The Group is gradually changing the operational model for its
services and R&D activities, by integrating its developed technology
assets:

= expanding use of new agile and collaborative approaches resulting
from digital technologies;

= rollout of processes and resources (software and digital factories)
for industrialisation, automation and reusable components
developed to boost productivity and quality for IT services and
R&D activities;

In particular, this involves greater use of smart machines (robotic
process automation, intelligent automation, virtual assistants)
in the Group’s recurring service activities (in connection with its
Business Process Services, Infrastructure Management, Application
Management and Support offerings) as well as expanding the
reuse of existing technology- or business software components
(IP blocks, open source) and the use of low-code/no-code
development platforms for the building of solutions;

= transformation in line with the location of each activity (distribution
of roles between the onshore production teams, the shared service
centres, and the offshore and nearshore R&D teams).

Innovation

Numerous initiatives are being encouraged to promote and enhance
innovation, such as the Group’s digital champions keeping an eye
on technology advances and uses, innovation imperatives assigned
to project teams, internal innovation competitions to develop new
digital uses for the Group’s vertical markets, hackathons open to
clients and partners, as well as platforms for digital demonstrations,
brainstorming, co-design, rapid development and technology
intelligence open to clients, employees and partners at all the
Group’s major locations (DigiLabs), etc.

Ecosystem of partners

Special efforts are being made to establish targeted partnerships
with leading players in the digital ecosystem by vertical and by major
technology area (startups and niche players, institutions of higher
education and research laboratories, top software development
companies and tech giants, etc.). It is within this framework that a
strategic partnership has been forged with Axway.

In order to ensure effective market intelligence, a collaborative
startup observatory is made available to the Group’s teams of digital
champions and all its managers.

In certain very specific cases relating to its digital strategy, the Group
may take equity stakes in young startups that it considers as the most
innovative in the market, applying a corporate venturing approach.

4.2.5. VERTICAL APPROACH

Focused business development

To support the positioning it has in view, the Group is continuing its
policy targeting specific vertical markets, key accounts and business
areas in all countries where it operates.

In line with this approach, eight priority verticals currently account for
nearly 90% of revenue: Financial Services; Public Sector; Aerospace,
Defence and Homeland Security; Energy and Utilities; Telecoms and
Media; Transport; Insurance; and Retail.


--- Page 10 ---

For each vertical, the Group selects a small number of key accounts
(fewer than 100 at Group level) and focuses on a few different
business areas in which it aims to secure a leading position.

End-to-end vertical offerings

In order to achieve its leadership objective in its targeted verticals
and business areas, the Group mobilises the development efforts of
its various business activities and countries to build end-to-end value
propositions as well as offerings of business solutions designed to
address the business challenges faced by its major clients.

As part of this approach, particular emphasis is placed on the
financial services vertical, for which the Group offers comprehensive
responses to productivity issues and the challenges brought about by
“platformisation” in the core banking and specialist lending sectors.
These responses are based on Sopra Banking Software's industry-
specific assets, the Group's technology assets and its full range of
services.

4.2.5. ACQUISITION STRATEGY

The Group will continue to play an active role in market consolidation,
in a targeted manner. Its approach will focus on three main areas:
solutions (with the priority on banking solutions), consulting, and
strengthening its position in certain geographies.

Recent investments and

5.1. Investments during the year

5.1.1. ACQUISITIONS IN 2018

During 2018, the Sopra Steria Group announced the following
acquisitions:

a. Apak

On 18 October 2018, through its subsidiary Sopra Banking Software,
Sopra Steria acquired 100% of Apak, which develops specialised
lending solutions for car loans and asset finance. Apak has been
consolidated in Sopra Steria’s consolidated financial statements since
October 2018.

b. it-economics

On 6 July 2018, Sopra Steria announced that it had finalised the
acquisition of it-economics, a German digital consulting firm, on
5 July 2018. The planned acquisition had first been announced in a
press release on 15 May 2018. it-economics has been consolidated
within Sopra Steria since 5 July 2018.

c. BLUECARAT

On 4 May 2018, Sopra Steria announced that it had finalised its
acquisition of BLUECARAT, a German IT services company, on 3 May
2018. The planned acquisition had first been announced in a press
release on 8 January 2018. BLUECARAT has been consolidated within
Sopra Steria since May 2018.

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA EE

Recent investments and developments

4.3. Medium-term strategic
objectives

The Group has reaffirmed its strategy through its independent,
value-creating corporate plan based on expansion, added value and
differentiation, particularly through its software business. With this
in mind, and with the market being driven by digital transformation,
Sopra Steria is confident in its ability to steadily and continually
improve its performance.

The Group is targeting annual organic revenue growth of between
4% and 6%, an operating margin on business activity of around
10%, and free cash flow of between 5% and 7% of revenue.

With respect to the 2019 financial year, the Group’s targets are:
= organic revenue growth of between 4% and 6%;

a slight improvement in operating margin on business activity;
a free cash flow in excess of €150 million.

developments

d. O.R. System

On 4 April 2018, Sopra Banking Software completed the acquisition
of O.R. System, the developer of a counterparty risk management
solution for the banking sector and financial institutions. The
company has been consolidated within Sopra Steria since the second
quarter of 2018

5.1.2. INFRASTRUCTURE AND TECHNICAL FACILITIES

A total of €52.2 million was invested in 2018 in infrastructure and
technical facilities, as against €44.5 million in 2017

Investments in facilities comprised the following

a land and buildings: €2.1 million;

a fixtures and fittings: €28.6 million;

a IT equipment: €21.5 million.

5.1.3. RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

On 10 April 2019, Sopra Steria announced its plans to acquire
SAB — a French core banking developer that generated €64.4 million
in revenue in 2018 — to bolster Sopra Banking Software’s strategy.
This proposed acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions.

5.1.4. RATINGS GIVEN TO THE COMPANY BY CREDIT
RATING AGENCIES

The Company is not rated by any financial rating agencies.

25

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018


--- Page 11 ---

“ls ~DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA
Simplified Group structure at 31 December 2018

6] Simplified Group structure at 31 December 2018

sopra SS steria ware

5.98%)"

|

Sopra HR Software __ Sopra Banking Sopra Stra
(France) Services (France)

Sopra Steria Polska
(Poland)

Sopra Steria
Holdings
rance (United Kingdom)
Sopra Banking

> Software
(United Kingdom)

Sopra HR Software Sopra Steria Sopra Steria
Services Euskadi

(United Kingdom) (Spain)

Sopra HR Software pak Group
(Germany) (United Kingdom) Beamay a Stetia Sopra st ia
(Fane) (United Kingdom) (Belg lux
Sopra HR Software Apak Group
Geloun) (Ute tse) Sopra Steria Sopra Steia PSF
as, Recruitment Luxembourg
Sopra HR Software |, Cassiopae US Kingdom) (Luxembourg)
(xembourg) (United states)
NHS Shared ;
Sopra Bankin cimPA Business S Sopra Steria
Sopra Rota Lf saa nan (United Kingdom (juxembourg)
Vy) Belgiu

Sopra Banking
Sopra HR Software Software Netherlands
‘Gwitzerland) (Nethertands)

(United Kingdom) (Netherlands)
coors Sopra Steria Group
(United kingdom) (italy)

Sopra HR Software
(United Kingdom)

cIMPA
(Germany)
MPA
(United Kingdom)

Sopra Bankin
Sottware

(Iceland)

Sopra Banking
Sopra HR Sofware
7 lenboug MPA PLM Steria India Sopa Steia
aR (inci) (Switzerland)
Sopra Barkin
om Pa
Coren), 2Moro Sopa cere Sopra Steria
Sopra Financial France) (Germany)
Le Solution ibeta
Spain) Sopra Seria, sot
Wenhzo are
ore ng Technologies (China) (Germany)
(Morocco)
Cassiopae MEA Sopra Stra Sewvices
tsa (Germany)
Sopra Software
= Cameroun

Sopra Steria
(Austria)
{T-Economics
(Germany)

95% (Cameroon)

Sepia Barking
[™ Gabon (Gabon)
Sopra Banking Cote
l= ivoire (> Cassiopae Solutions
(Céte d'ivoire) Private (India)

Sopra Steria
horas)

-onomics Schweiz
(Switzerland)
|, Detta Development Cassiopae Software Sopra Steria
Bove Systems (Algeria) [> Basi Grail (Denmark)
IT-Economics
Sopra Banking ,
[> Software Singapore ‘Gan Sopra Steria (Bulgaria)

(Singapore (Sweden)

Beng Sopa Scence
‘and Technol [> On. System
Tehrcogy stem (France) ‘entor
(Russia)
SOPRA BANKING
SOFTWARE

Note: Companies are more than 95% owned, directly or indirectly, unless otherwise indicated,
(©) Exercisable voting rights

—o__ BRANCH |

26 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018


--- Page 12 ---

Group organisation

Sopra Steria Group’s governance consists of a Board of Directors,
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Deputy Chief Executive
Officers.

The organisation is supported by a permanent operational and
functional structure as well as temporary structures for the
management of particular deals and projects.

Sopra GMT, the holding company that takes an active role in

managing the Group, takes part in conducting Group operations

through

mits presence on the Board of Directors and the three Board
committees;

= a tripartite assistance agreement entered into with Sopra Steria
and Axway, concerning services relating to strategic decision-
making, coordination of general policy between Sopra Steria
and Axway, and the development of synergies between these
two companies, as well as consulting and assistance services,
particularly with respect to finance and control.

7.1.

The Group’s permanent structure is composed of four operational
tiers and their associated functional structures.

Permanent structure

7.1.1. TIER 1: EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT

AND THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Executive Management is represented by the Chief Executive Officer
and the Deputy CEOs.

Members of Executive Management as at 31 December
2018:

= Vincent Paris, Chief Executive Officer of Sopra Steria Group;

a John Torrie, Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Sopra Steria Group
and Chief Executive Officer of Sopra Steria UK;

= Laurent Giovachini, Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Sopra Steria
Group.

The Executive Committee (ExCom) consists of Executive Management

and the heads of the main operating and functional entities.

The members of Sopra Steria Group's Executive Committee supervise

the Group's organisation, management system, major contracts and

support functions and entities and take part in the Group’s strategic

planning and implementation.

7.1.2. TIER 2: SUBSIDIARIES OR COUNTRIES

These are the main operating entities. Their scope corresponds to

one of the following:

= a specific line of business (consulting and systems integration,
business solutions, infrastructure management, cybersecurity,
business process services);

= geographic area (country).

These entities are managed by their own Management Committee,

comprising in particular the Director and management of tier
3 entities

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA EE

Group organisation

7.1.3 TIER 3: DIVISIONS

Each country or subsidiary is made up of divisions based on two
criteria

= vertical market;

= geographic area (region).

7.1.4. TIER 4: BUSINESS UNITS

Each division is made up of business units, which are the
organisation's primary building blocks. They operate as profit centres
and enjoy genuine autonomy. They have responsibility for their
human resources, budget and profit and loss account. Management
meetings focusing on sales and marketing strategy and human
resources are held weekly, and the operating accounts and budget
are reviewed on a monthly basis.

The diagram below illustrates the four main tiers of the ongoing
structure:

Sopra Steria Group
Executive Committee

Subsidiaries and/or Countries

Divisions

Business Units

7.1.5.

The operational organisation is strengthened by operational support
entities responsible for managing major transformations:

OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FUNCTIONS

= the Key Accounts and Partnerships Department (DGCP), responsible
for promoting the Key Accounts policy and developing relations
with partners. The role of this department is to coordinate the
commercial and production approaches for our major clients,
particularly when different entities are involved;

a the Digital Transformation Office (DTO), responsible for designing
and managing the Group's digital transformation. It also manages
the Group’s innovation approach;

the Industrial Department, responsible for industrialising working
methods and organising subcontracting on X-shore platforms. It
also checks that projects are properly executed

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018 27


--- Page 13 ---

“ll «DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Risk factors and internal control

7.1.6. FUNCTIONAL STRUCTURES

The functional departments are the Human Resources Department,
the Communications and Marketing Department, the Corporate
Responsibility and Sustainable Development Department, the Internal
Control and Risk Management Department, the Finance Department,
the Legal Department, the Real Estate and Purchasing Department,
and the Information Systems Department.

These centralised functions ensure Group-wide consistency.
Functional managers transmit and ensure commitment to the
Group’s core values, serve the operational entities and report directly
to Executive Management.

The Group's functional structures standardise management rules
(information system resources, IT systems, financial reporting, etc.)
and monitor the application of strategies and rules. In this manner,
they contribute to overall supervision and enable the operational
entities to focus on business operations.

7.1.7. A SOLID, EFFICIENT INDUSTRIAL

ORGANISATION

Sopra Steria manages complex and large-scale programmes and
projects in a market where delivery commitments are increasing and
becoming globalised. The Group has an increasingly wide range of
skills to support multi-site projects that generate strong gains in
productivity with delivery models that guarantee clients an optimal
cost structure.

Sopra Steria applies an industrial production approach, supported

by five levers:

= production culture: Transmission of know-how and expertise in
the field;

= choice of personnel: Human resources are central to the approach,
providing training, support and improved skills for each employee;

= organisation: The Industrial Department and its representatives in
the business units control production quality and performance,
identify and manage risks, support project managers and roll out
industrialised production processes;

= toolkit: The Quality System, the eMedia method, the Continuous
Delivery Kit (CDK) and associated software tools;

= global delivery model: Rationalising production by pooling
resources and expertise within service centres, with services
located based on the needs of each client (local services in France,
nearshore in Spain, North Africa and Poland, and offshore in
India).

7.2. Temporary structures for specific
deals and projects

The Group's organisation must retain flexibility in order to adapt
to changes in its markets and ensure the successful completion of
projects.

These are handled by temporary teams
= within the entities;

m= under the authority of a pilot entity, established to leverage
synergies across several entities.

Each project is organised and carried out in order to meet fundamental
objectives: client service, business success, and contribution to the
overall growth of the Group.

Depending on their particularities (size, area of expertise, geographic
area covered) large-scale projects can be managed at the business
unit, division, subsidiary/country or Executive Management level.
Certain large projects requiring the resources of several business units
may involve the creation of a division.

J Risk factors and internal control

financial position, business results or share price.

and their potential impact on the Group.

The Group performs its activities in a constantly changing environment. It is therefore exposed to risks the occurrence of which may have
a negative impact on its business activities, results, financial position, image and outlook. This chapter sets out the main risks to which
the Sopra Steria Group is deemed to be exposed. Other risks, of which the Group is not currently aware or which it considers as of lesser
importance at the date when this Registration Document was drawn up, might also have an adverse effect on the Group, its operations,

Sopra Steria cannot provide an absolute guarantee that its objectives will be achieved and all risks will be eliminated. The internal control
and risk management system aims to identify and qualify the risks to which it is exposed, as well as to reduce their probability of occurrence

8.1. Main risks

RISK MAPPING EXERCISE AND METHODOLOGY

Anew risk mapping exercise was carried out at the end of 2018. It was
led by the Internal Control and Risk Management Department and
involved the relevant internal stakeholders, together with Executive

28 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

Management and the members of the Executive Committee.
This risk mapping covers all internal and external risk factors and
includes both financial and non-financial issues. The process helps
to identify and assess risks. In particular, the assessment of risks
involves an evaluation of their probability of occurrence and the
estimated magnitude of their adverse impact should an event occur
(low, medium or high). As part of this exercise, the main risks are
identified, namely the ones that are most material for Sopra Steria,


--- Page 14 ---

in terms of probability of occurrence and the expected magnitude of
their adverse impact. They are then ranked by category of risk.

Specific mapping exercises for corruption and _influence-peddling
risks and risks relating to the duty of care have also been taken into
account in preparing the overall mapping of risks. The risk mapping
was presented to the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee at the
same time as the Group insurance programme.

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA EE

Risk factors and internal control

Sopra Steria’s main risk factors are presented below. They are listed
initially in order of importance, with regard to their probability of
occurrence and the magnitude of their potential adverse impact, in
the summary table below.

For each risk factor, a description is provided explaining in what ways
it can affect Sopra Steria as well as the risk management measures
put in place, i.e. policies, procedures and action plans.

SUMMARY TABLE OF MAIN RISKS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

Main operating risks

Main risk management measures

Risk related to market
developments and the
transformation of the business
model

Risk related to the
adaptation of skills*

Risk related to the protection
and security of client data

Risk related
to project delivery

Risk related to continuity
of service and information
system security

Risk related to attracting
and retaining talent*

Risk related to the loss
of a significant client

Risk related to activities
in high-risk countries

Risk related to Brexit

Risks associated with
retirement benefit obligations

= Comprehensive annual strategy review
= Governance of the transformation supervised by the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer
= Regular follow-up on the implementation of decisions and execution

= Recruitment selectivity

= HR policy including the rollout of the DPEPP approach, which stands for Dynamique Prospective
Emplois et Parcours Professionnels, or Dynamic Forecasting of Workforce Requirements and Career
Development

a Training programmes

= Security policies and procedures, with an organisational structure led by the Chief Information
Security Officer (CISO)

a ISO 27001 certification and GDPR compliance programme

= Support provided by the Toulouse security operations centre (SOC)

= Large-scale training and awareness programme

= Organisation and procedures (including the Quality System) for the pre-sales, production and
quality control phases of projects
= Reviews and audits by the Industrial Department

a Policy and procedures for the selection of locations for shared service centres, organisation and
planning for continuity of service

= Ambitious recruitment and retention policy
a Policy and strategy for key accounts reviewed annually
= Regular monitoring of the client portfolio by the Key Accounts and Partnerships Department

a Implementation of an export policy and procedure

= Specific committee formed to monitor the associated risks and propose action plans

= Monitoring and management by Finance Departments at entity and Group levels

Main non-financial risks

Main risk management measures

Risk of breaches of ethics or
violations of the law*

= Reinforced ethics and compliance programme, including the implementation of a system for
preventing and combating corruption and influence peddling

a Internal Control and Risk Management Department set up to coordinate and monitor compliance,
internal control and risk management issues in a cross-functional manner

= Appointment of Compliance Officers, responsible for compliance issues as well as internal control
in each of the entities

* This risk also relates to the anticipated regulatory changes provided for in Articles L. 225-102-1 III and R.225-105 of the French Commercial Code.

Each of these main risks is presented in more detail on the following pages, including information describing the risk as well as the Group's

risk management process.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018 29


--- Page 15 ---

“ls ~DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA
Risk factors and internal control

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP’S MANAGEMENT OF ITS MAIN OPERATING RISKS

1 RISK RELATED TO MARKET DEVELOPMENTS AND THE TRANSFORMATION OF THE BUSINESS MODEL

Risk description

Risk management

The business activities of the Group's clients
are changing and are being transformed as
a result of digitisation and the emergence
of new rivals, new businesses and new
organisations.

Clients are seeking to become more agile,
and to do so they are reinventing their
business models, organisational structures
and resources.

If the Group is unable to understand, satisfy
and anticipate clients’ needs, an unsuitable
market positioning and/or difficulties in
implementing its strategy could potentially
impact its financial performance.

Furthermore, although some of the
Group's activities involve multi-year
contracts (maintenance activities, facilities
management, outsourcing of business
processes), its consulting and integration
activities as well as its licence sales are
characterised by short cycles, making it
difficult to prepare forecasts for levels of
activity, order intake and future earnings.

The management of this risk is integrated into the development of the Group’s strategy as well
as its effective implementation. Each year, the Group conducts a comprehensive strategy review
and update, under the supervision of the Strategy Department, the Chairman and the Chief
Executive Officer, covering all markets and sectors in which it operates. This review is performed
with all activities and regions, using external studies and surveys as well as internal feedback
from various parties, in particular all those in contact with clients. At the end of this annual
process, a number of decisions are made. The approach to risk management is itself reviewed
on a quarterly basis by all entities. The implementation of actions and priorities is guided and
monitored on a regular basis by the Chairman and the Group’s Executive Committee.

By way of illustration, the following decisions, in particular, were translated into actions during
the year: development of the Consulting business, especially with regard to its move up the
value chain; stepping up of cybersecurity activities and reinforcement of related expertise;
acquisition strategy; acceleration of agile and/or co-design development in order to respond
to the needs of clients and market changes; software development as a service; investments
in centres of excellence for digital technologies and internal platforms for the development
and assembly of modules (introduction of a digital enablement platform and hybrid digital
platforms), strengthening of partnerships in cloud services with Microsoft, Google and Amazon;
transformation and revamped organisation for the human resources function.

In order to track technology advances in a proactive manner, an organisation has been set up
via the Innovation Department and built around Chief Technology Officers (CTOs), together
with the Group’s digital champions and experts, and in relation to each of the Group’s vertical
markets. The goal is to plan ahead as effectively as possible for developments driven by new
technologies as well as the transformation of our clients’ businesses.

Risk description

1 RISK RELATED TO THE ADAPTATION OF SKILLS

Risk management

In light of the transformation of our
clients’ businesses as well as developments
in digitisation and artificial intelligence,
training and adapting employees’ skills to
new roles are essential in the IT services and
digital transformation industry. Any inability
or difficulty in training Group employees in
client needs and new activities relating to
the digital revolution might make it difficult
to deliver the Group's strategy and thus
adversely impact its financial performance.

Skills development aims to meet the current and future needs of the Group’s clients, but also
to give each employee the means to take responsibility for their own professional development.

Sopra Steria’s policy to maintain and develop skills is part of an overall approach aimed at
anticipating changes in our business lines and our target populations so that we can continue
to serve our clients and meet the objectives of the Group’s strategic plan, developing the skills of
employees to safeguard their employability while assisting them in their career planning, supporting
motivation and promoting employee engagement.

Sopra Steria’s proactive management of change resulted in the launch of the following Group-wide
actions during the year: the digitisation and update of the Group’s Core Competency Reference
Guide; the standardisation of appraisal practices; and a new forward-looking approach for
maintaining and developing skills. This approach is known by its French acronym DPEPP, which
stands for Dynamique Prospective Emplois et Parcours Professionnels (Dynamic Forecasting of
Workforce Requirements and Career Development). It draws on an understanding of contexts in
the various countries to anticipate workforce trends over the next three years for each business line
and at each level, in line with the Core Competency Reference Guide. It focuses on transformation
trends in each speciality area, in terms of opportunities, risks and key skills, together with an analysis
of emerging and sustainable job profiles, as well as those likely to see lower staffing levels, in order
to adapt skills to changes affecting the market and guide HR action plans (career management,
recruitment, training, etc.)

Training policy is a decisive factor. For this reason, the objectives of the training strategy are
reviewed and approved by the Group’s Executive Committee. The management and coordination
of training programmes have been reinforced, courses have been redesigned and reorganised,
digitised training has been expanded, with more MOOCs (massive open online courses) and the
launch of e-learning modules to promote compliance with Group standards (information security,
personal data protection, anti-corruption measures, but also e-learning tools relating to disabilities).

Increase in the number of training hours delivered: 1,244,583 hours in 2018 across 99% of the Group,
up 15.5% compared with 2017).

30

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018


--- Page 16 ---

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA EE

Risk factors and internal control

| RISK RELATED TO THE PROTECTION AND SECURITY OF CLIENT DATA

Risk description

Risk management

A cyber attack on the Group’s
systems, a security flaw in the
Group's systems and/or our clients’
systems could result in the loss of
information or data, and depending
on the matter concerned, the loss or
disclosure of confidential information
or data, particularly in sensitive
activities. This risk of loss or disclosure
might involve personal data in the
BPS, maintenance and/or managed
services activities, particularly in the
context of payment and/or payroll
activities.

Situations such as this could result in
a risk of client complaints, contract
compliance risk and/or a risk of
damage to Group property or data,
ora risk of revenue loss.

In view of the Group's activities,
a major security breach could
potentially result in a risk to the
Group's image and raise doubts
about the trust placed in us by our
clients, and thereby result in a loss
of business.

Security and the protection of client data are key issues for the Group.

To avoid security incidents that could impact the Group’s information systems, cut response times and
implement the necessary actions particularly in the event of an attack, the Group has an information
security policy and a solid organisational structure supported by the Chief Information Security Officer
(CISO) within the various entities. This organisational structure with its local network, meeting different
countries’ regulatory requirements and client demands as closely as possible, allows for in-depth
knowledge of areas of risk and our clients’ business demands. This organisation is coordinated cross-
functionally across the entire Group and overseen at Group level. Steering meetings are held frequently
and reports are issued on a regular basis. Policies, procedures and the organisational approach are
reviewed each year to ensure the best possible adaptation to the environment and risks, and to
reinforce the entire system.

The Group has opted for a cross-cutting organisational approach bringing together all participants
in order to take early preventive action: the Security Manager, the Information Systems Department,
the Industrial Director, the Shared Service Centre Manager, the Legal Department, the Director of
Communications, the Insurance Manager, the Compliance Officer, the Head of the Internal Control
and Risk Management Department, but also the Purchasing Department.

Everything is controlled and audited on a regular basis. To date, the Group has earned ISO 27001
certification for 12 of its operations, in the United Kingdom, Norway, Germany, Switzerland, Italy,
Spain, India and France, as well as for the IT services supplied by the Information Systems Department
to all Group entities. Other audits under ISAE 3402 are carried out regularly at the sites of the entities
SBS, SHR and IM (France and Poland).

To manage and verify compliance by contractual commitments with standards, all contracts are
reviewed by the Legal Department. With respect to security, Sopra Steria mainly provides consulting
services or takes part in projects in application of policies and levels of security defined and decided
by its clients.

The Group capitalises in particular on specific cybersecurity-related skills and services developed at its
own security operations centre (SOC) and offered to its clients. Located in Toulouse, this centre offers
threat investigation, monitoring and handling services. As a result, investigations, regular tests and
automatic interventions can be carried out in the event of a threat, as well as early intervention and/
or crisis management

In 2018, the Group invested heavily in a security awareness and training programme for all Group
employees (e-learning modules, internal phishing campaigns, videos, on-site training).

A cybersecurity insurance policy has been taken out to supplement the Group's professional liability
insurance, in order to ensure consistency between the Group’s insurance programmes and the
insurance coverage obtained, particularly in the event of cyber attacks as well as to better manage
and cover the varying types of risk: compensation claims as as a result of complaints from third parties,
property damage and loss of use, business interruption, additional communications expenses for crisis
management following a security incident, for example.

As regards the various international and local regulations relating to data protection and security, all
of the Group’s entities comply with national regulations relating to the protection of personal data,
in particular the requirements of the CNIL in France.

Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (the General
Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR) entered into force on 25 May 2018. Sopra Steria Group and
its subsidiaries have rolled out a programme aimed at ensuring compliance with this regulation and
local legislation

In particular, this programme overseen by the Group Legal Department, which coordinates data
protection arrangements across all subsidiaries, includes the following

= Appointment of Data Protection Officers (DPOs);

= Rollout of training to all Group employees;

a Adjustments to contracts;

a Implementation of specific internal procedures.

In addition, at Sopra HR Software, the Sopra Steria Group’s HR solutions publisher subsidiary, the
Binding Corporate Rules (BCR) have been in place within its entities since 2015.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018 31


--- Page 17 ---

“ll «DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Risk factors and internal control

1 RISK RELATED TO PROJECT DELIVERY

Risk description

Risk management

For fixed-price projects and fixed-price services
(contracts involving commitments as to price,
results and lead times), any failure to complete
the project or provide the services as agreed
in the contract, or any provision of services or
project delivery not in line with standards as
specified therein, may entail a risk of default
which, depending on the contractual causes
and consequences, may give rise to various risks
for Sopra Steria (contractual penalties, client
complaints, claims for damages, non-payment,
additional costs, early contract termination,
reputational risk). In the current environment,
clients’ demands are becoming increasingly
complex.

For fixed-price projects and fixed-price services,
a poor assessment of the scale of the work
to be done, an underestimate of the cost of
providing the service or an incorrect estimate
of the technical solutions to be implemented
can lead to estimated costs being exceeded or
contractual deadlines not being met. This delay
can, initself, result in late delivery penalties and/
or budget overruns (additional days), resulting
in additional costs and potentially impacting
project margins.

In 2018, fixed-price integration projects and
fixed-price services accounted for 19.4% and
42.9% of the Group’s consolidated revenue,
respectively. The breakdown of Group revenue
according to the nature of contracts is presented
at the end of this section (see the summary table
on page 37 of this document).

It is critical for the Group to be able to meet client demands and deliver consistent quality.

In order to ensure the quality of management and execution of client projects, the Group has
developed a series of methods, processes and controls via its Quality System. The selection
of Project Directors and Heads of Project Management responds to specific requirements
and criteria according to the level of risk and project complexity. Particular attention is paid
on making any appointments. Project managers receive specific training. These courses are
regularly updated to include issues meriting special attention and warnings relating to risks.

In addition to project and line management, Industrial Managers under the authority of
division/subsidiary managers and reporting functionally to the Group Industrial Department
are responsible for monitoring all projects as well as the application of the Quality System.
Structural audits are performed so as to verify the application and effectiveness of the Quality
System among the Sopra Steria staff members concerned (management, sales, operational
quality unit). Projects are reviewed on a regular basis, at key phases in their life cycle. These
reviews, which are organised by the Industrial Department or by its local representatives,
provide an external perspective on the status and organisation of projects.

Monthly steering meetings facilitate an overview of quality at all levels, the monitoring of
annual quality targets established during management reviews and the determination of the
appropriate action plans to continuously improve production performance and the quality
of Sopra Steria products and services. The implementation of actions agreed during steering
committees, audits and reviews is checked by the Industrial Department.

The review of proposals and contracts by line management, but also by the Industrial
Department and the Legal Department, is an integral part of the Group’s first- and second-
level controls relating to these issues.

An annual review is performed by Executive Management to ensure that the Quality System
remains pertinent, adequate and effective. This review is based in particular upon an analysis
of project reviews and internal structural audits performed at all levels of the Group as well
as upon annual quality reports produced by divisions or subsidiaries. During this review, the
adequacy of the quality policy is evaluated, the annual quality objectives are defined and
possible improvements and changes in the Quality System are considered.

As part of its insurance programme, the Group has taken out a policy offering coverage for
premises and operations liability as well as professional indemnity. This programme covers
all of the Group’s companies for monetary consequences arising as a result of their civil
and professional liability in connection with their activities, due to bodily injury, material or
non-material damage caused to third parties. Overall coverage is limited to €150 million
per claim and per year of insurance.

32 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018


--- Page 18 ---

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA EE

Risk factors and internal control

| RISK RELATED TO CONTINUITY OF SERVICE AND INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY

Risk description

Risk management

The reliability of IT and communications
infrastructures is an issue of growing importance
to production. In view of its business model
integrating service centres as well as national and
worldwide shared data centres in nearshore and
offshore countries, the Group is dependent on its
remote production centres and telecommunications
networks functioning correctly. Any claims, failures
or shutdowns at the level of these centres could
have an impact on both internal systems and
client systems, resulting in a potential risk of non-
compliance in the execution of contractual services,
and consequently potential demands for damages
and interest and/or loss of income.

It should be noted that a proportion of the Group's
production activities are located in India. India still
shows various characteristics that may constitute
risk factors (including political, economic and
social unrest, wage inflation, natural disasters and
pandemics).

The Group has service centres in Spain, Tunisia,
Poland and India.

The continuity and security of our clients’ services is one of the key criteria in the definition
of the policy for the Group’s production sites and the implementation decisions. The
policy concerning site locations and all decisions taken in this regard follow the guidance
provided by the Group based on various criteria, including client requirements and risk
management (natural or geopolitical risks). The decision to expand into new geographies,
countries and regions is an integral part of this policy to maintain security and reduce
risk exposure, allowing for the management of backup plans, in particular by setting
up redundancies and duplication between sites.

Once the decision has been made, strict prevention and security procedures covering
physical security, information systems security, power cuts, regulation of temperature
changes, data storage and backups apply to the Group's production sites, service centres
and data centres. The Group has a business continuity strategy that defines a nominal
level of service and a principle of redundancy for all critical system components, relying
in particular on multi-site replications. Remote redundancy is implemented for all critical
system components. Business continuity and disaster recovery plans are put in place and
reviewed on a regular basis. Contracts with our suppliers are reviewed according to their
nature by the Information Systems Department or the General Resources Department,
taking account of the same security and service level requirements. In the case of
outsourcing or subcontracting, the same level of service is demanded of our suppliers.

The Group has four production facilities in India. These sites are distant from each other
and located in three different regions, thus limiting the consequences of incidents or
risks that might arise in a specific region. In addition, the fact that a large number of
production facilities are used across the Group, with a range of onshore, nearshore and
offshore services, makes it possible to have backup solutions.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018 33


--- Page 19 ---

“ll «DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Risk factors and internal control

| RISK RELATED TO ATTRACTING AND RETAINING TALENT

Risk description

Risk management

In view of the Group’s ambitions in terms of
expansion and growth, the constantly changing
competitive environment, the talent war, the
scarcity of certain IT skills and expertise, Sopra
Steria may face difficulties in attracting and
recruiting talented candidates.

Recruitment difficulties and/or increased
employee turnover may prevent the Group from
delivering on its strategic objectives and fulfilling
its ambitious recruitment targets to support
its growth, thereby impacting the Group's
financial performance. The recruitment of young
people and the best digital professionals is also
indispensable to maintain an adequate level of
quality and innovation as well as a coherent age-
earnings profile.

Sopra Steria’s overall attractiveness as an employer, together with its ability to attract the
best digital professionals and retain talented staff, are key priorities for the Group.

Anambitious recruitment policy has been adopted: In 2018, the Group hired 11,662 employees

(compared with 9,500 in 2017), including 4,356 new staff across all types of employment

contract in France. Women make up 33% of the Group's new hires and 37% of all joiners

were under 26. To meet these challenges, the Group’s recruitment policy deliberately places

a priority on hiring young higher education graduates as well as the hosting of interns and

students doing work-linked training, and is aimed at ensuring equality of opportunity while

promoting diversity and inclusion. It is organised around five main pillars:

= Building closer ties with schools and promoting digital professions to attract more young
people, and particularly young women (in 2018, more than 780 actions of this type were
conducted at schools);

= Giving substance to employee engagement: Enriching experiences offered through
citizenship projects (HandiTutorat, Prix Etudiants Fondation Sopra Steria Institut de France,
etc.);

= Adapting the recruitment process: Free exchanges between employees and applicants
via sites like PathMotion and Glassdoor; increasing the number of LinkedIn subscribers
(194,000 in 2018); improvements in rankings (15" place in the Happy Trainees survey
in France);

= In addition, the organisation devoted to recruitment has been considerably reinforced,
particularly in France;

= Encouraging mobility: Meeting the career development goals of students and employees
by offering international mobility opportunities (including 112 interns and students doing
work-linked training, up 57% in 2018).

Aretention policy founded on a robust induction and integration strategy, a key phase in

the retention of both new hires, most of whom are young people, and employees joining

the Group as a result of mergers and acquisitions. It is implemented through three main

measures:

= An integration process tailored to seniority levels, designed to allow joiners to gain an
understanding of the Group’s culture, values and fundamentals;

= An ongoing career and skills assessment and development process to maintain staff
employability;

= An international Group employee share ownership programme to give all employees a
more meaningful stake in the company’s performance.

Employees under 30 account for 24% of the Group's total workforce (scope: staff on
permanent contracts at 31 December 2018, excluding new hires during the year).

The employee turnover rate was 16.9% for the Group as a whole at 31 December 2018,
compared with 15.6% a year earlier.

Special attention paid to well-being in the workplace: Sopra Steria has adopted a preventive
approach to professional risks, with the aim of safeguarding the health and safety of its
employees and subcontractors, while promoting employee well-being in the workplace.

Employer brand: All of the work around the brand platform, designed to reinforce the
Group’s employer brand, is also carried over into other actions to raise Sopra Steria’s profile,
especially among recruitment candidates and employees.

Reinforcement of the human resources and recruitment organisation: The Human Resources
Department also underwent a reorganisation in 2018, particularly in France, so as to be
closer to operations and better manage the adaptation of skills and resources to the specific
requirements of projects and clients.

Career management: The entire support process for annual appraisal interviews and career
management was also revamped in 2018 to better provide for long-term management of
skills and talent. Sopra Steria continues to develop systems for the recognition, engagement
and retention of its employees.

The training policy is instrumental in supporting career management and must ensure
that the necessary skills are available at all times and in all places. It must also address the
acceleration of project cycles. The full range of training topics is discussed in the “Risk related
to the adaptation of skills” section above.

The Group’s recruitment and talent management policies are described in detail in Section
2, “Social responsibility”, in Chapter 3 of this Document (pages 83 to 87).

34 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018


--- Page 20 ---

| RISK RELATED TO THE LOSS OF A SIGNIFICANT CLIENT

Risk description

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA EE

Risk factors and internal control

Risk management

The risk of the loss of a client or a major
contract remains a potential risk, particularly in
view of rapid changes in the Group's markets
and possible consolidation within the various
sectors. The loss of a client leads to the loss
of the associated revenue and requires the
reassignment of the project teams in place, a
risk all the more difficult to manage if the loss of
the client was not able to be predicted.

In 2018, the Group's top client accounted for
6.7% of revenue, the top five clients represented
19% and the top ten contributed 30%.

Main clients include:

= In France: Airbus Group, Banque Postale, BNP
Paribas, CNAM, Crédit Agricole, EDF, Ministry
of Defence, Orange, Société Générale and
SNCF;

a In the United Kingdom: Ministry of Justice,
Home Office, Ministry of Defence and
National Health Service.

The Group's policy is to maintain a multi-client and multi-sector portfolio across multiple
geographical operations and sites, in particular to avoid any uncontrolled concentration
risk. The Group's largest client is also a client across multiple business lines and geographical
operations and the revenue generated with this client is based on a large number of contracts.
The Group’s policy and strategy relating to key accounts are reviewed each year in accordance
with country, business line and sector-specific strategic reviews in order to adapt this strategy
to market developments. This is the object of a dedicated exercise with all concerned parties.
Aregular review at monthly steering committee meetings is also organised within the Group.
In addition, the IT services market is currently a full employment market, which means that,
in the event of the loss of a significant client, it is possible to reassign staff more easily and
limit the related impacts in terms of resources and wages.

| RISK RELATED TO ACTIVITIES IN HIGH-RISK COUNTRIES

Risk description

Risk management

Sopra Steria has locations in a number of different countries.
Even though it operates in what are generally considered stable
countries, the Group may be exposed to political and economic risks.
Furthermore, in addition to geopolitical risks, in a difficult economic
climate or new political climate, some governments may be tempted
to adopt new regulations, taxes and duties.

Furthermore, the desire for the Sopra Steria Group to expand outside
France and carry out further acquisitions requires — in addition to
mapping of the various country risks — knowledge of international
regulations and certain control of operations. Any compliance risk
and/or risk of non-control of international operations could have an
impact in terms of performance and image.

Export activity remains marginal within Sopra Steria and relates primarily
to software development activities, licence sales and associated services.
In order to improve controls on the Group's international expansion and
its activities in countries where it does not have a subsidiary, specific rules
and procedures have been put in place to organise the necessary prior
validations and checks. This organisation allows for the monitoring and
control of these export transactions, whether on a local level or at Group
level. A formal export procedure has been rolled out, notably including
the requirement for prior validation by each entity's senior management
of any export transaction as well as guidelines for preliminary analyses
and assessments. Formal assessment procedures for export clients
and partners have been developed and are in the process of being
rolled out. Specific and dedicated training sessions on export activities
are delivered. The Group-wide rollout and implementation of these
procedures and controls is part of an internal control and continuous
improvement process.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018 35


--- Page 21 ---

“ll «DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Risk factors and internal control

1 RISK RELATED TO BREXIT

Risk description

Risk management

Major uncertainties remain concerning the terms of the United
Kingdom's departure from the European Union. Against this
backdrop, the effects remain uncertain. Brexit could have an
unfavourable impact on the economy and market conditions, as
well as an impact in terms of instability on the financial markets and
international forex markets. In addition, Brexit may result in legal
uncertainties and have associated effects such as certain decisions
being delayed while awaiting greater visibility. The most significant
risks seem to involve political disturbances and uncertainties and
macroeconomic impacts. Each of these effects, as well as others
that are not yet known and cannot be anticipated, could have an
unfavourable impact on the Group’s activities, performance and
financial position. It should be noted that although the Group may
appear to be exposed to the increased volatility of euro and sterling
exchange rates, which could have an impact in the consolidated
financial statements of transactions carried out in the United
Kingdom, the Group's exposure to foreign exchange transaction
tisk seems limited insofar as its activities are conducted primarily
by subsidiaries that operate in their own country and their own
currency. Itshould also be noted that in spite of this context, business
opportunities remain available.

With respect to Brexit, Sopra Steria’s management in the United
Kingdom and the Group’s Executive Committee are keeping a close eye
on any political decisions made by the United Kingdom or the European
Union in this area so as to take any requisite measures to reduce risk.

Sopra Steria has set up a Brexit working group. This working group
tracks and manages the potential risks identified in the following areas:
human resources; financial, tax, legal, regulatory and IT systems; and
data security. This involves an analysis by segment of Brexit’s implications
for client requirements. Mitigation measures have been put in place,
such as communications campaigns, and requests have been sent to
certain key suppliers, particularly with regard to the hosting of data
and data flows. This subject and its developments are being addressed
in regular exchanges with clients in the United Kingdom. The Group
has not identified any logistics risk of service interruption. In fact, more
than two-thirds of business activities in sales, services and solutions are
recurring in nature, the majority of clients are local, and both resources
and organisations remain local, with the exception of the service centre
in India, whose activity is not affected by Brexit. Nevertheless, anumber
of minor preventive and anticipatory measures have been decided,
particularly with respect to communications and relations with suppliers.

| RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS

Risk description

Risk management

Sopra Steria Group provides its employees with retirement benefits
in several countries, including the United Kingdom (which accounts
for 48% of the Group's retirement benefit obligations).

The Group’s financial statements may be affected by provisions for
obligations under defined-benefit pension plans and the associated
liabilities.

Within the framework of commitments made, the employer is obliged
to cover any difference (deficit) between the value of the fund assets
and the pension obligations to be paid.

The evaluation of pension fund liabilities can be impacted by
regulatory developments, changes in long-term interest rates,
life expectancy and more generally any changes in the financial
markets, as well as any changes in macroeconomic parameters.
These parameters, which are external to the company, can have a
non-neutral impact on the valuation of both assets and liabilities.
The Group may also be compelled to meet calls for funds to make
up for low pension contribution levels as part of the three-yearly
negotiations with trustees in the United Kingdom or as a result of
regulatory developments.

Furthermore, assets are managed by fund trustees and invested in
different asset classes (including shares) that are subject to the risk
of fluctuations in financial markets.

Since 2010, defined-benefit plans in the United Kingdom have been
replaced by defined-contribution plans (pension benefits are based
on the performance of the fund's investments over the contribution
period), although benefits vested prior to this decision remain in effect.
The defined benefit plans are exceptionally maintained in connection
with a few public-sector outsourcing projects, to comply with the
legislation and commitments made to clients.

All elements relating in particular to the management and review
of assets and liabilities, as well as the three-yearly negotiations, are
monitored by the Group’s Finance Department. The Finance Department
takes part in the regular exchanges with the trusts managing pension
fund assets in the United Kingdom, and also participates in the three-
yearly negotiations. The next round of three-yearly negotiations is to
be held in 2020. It should be noted that the proceedings previously
initiated by the Steria Pension Plan trustees before the High Court of
Justice to confirm the validity and effective date of an amendment
signed in 2006 have been settled amicably.

For more information, see Note 5.3 to the consolidated financial
statements in Chapter 4 of this document (pages 128 to 133).

36 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018


--- Page 22 ---

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA EE

Risk factors and internal control

| BREAKDOWN OF REVENUE ACCORDING TO THE NATURE OF CONTRACTS

(of even 2018 2017 2016
Licences 1.7% 2.6% 2.2%
Fixed-price projects 19.4% 19.3% 17.1%
Fixed-price services 42.9% 45.1% 48.1%
Time and materials 36% 33% 32.6%
TOTAL 100% 100% 100%

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF THE MANAGEMENT OF MAIN NON-FINANCIAL RISKS.

| RISK OF BREACHES OF ETHICS OR VIOLATIONS OF THE LAW

Risk description

Risk management

Ethics and integrity are core values of the Sopra
Steria Group. Like any international group with a
large number of employees across many different
countries, Sopra Steria could be exposed to risks
in the event of violation or breaches of laws,
regulations and internal rules by its employees
or third parties with which the Group works.
Breaches of this kind may expose the Group, its
senior executives or its employees to criminal or
administrative sanctions, and could also expose
the Group to liability depending on the situation
and damage its reputation (reputational risk).
In addition, the Group remains subject, like any
company, to regular audits by various authorities
and regulators with regard to the completeness
of compliance and prevention programmes.

Moreover, the Group is a multinational company
that operates in many countries, subject to
a range of constantly changing laws and
regulations. The Group's activities and operating
profit might be affected by significant changes
in laws or regulations, or by decisions taken by
authorities. The tax rules in the various countries
in which the Group operates are continually
evolving. The Group cannot guarantee that
the existing tax arrangements will continue to
apply. Furthermore, the Group cannot guarantee
that the current interpretations of existing tax
arrangements will not be challenged, potentially
with adverse consequences for its financial
position or business results.

Building on the Group's Code of Ethics and its values of transparency and integrity, and in
order to accompany the Group’s expansion and growth following the merger while satisfying
new regulatory requirements, Executive Management has placed emphasis on reiterating
the rules and procedures applicable to all employees across the Group so as to provide a
common foundation for all processes and entities. A new department was created, with
responsibility for issues of compliance, internal control and risk management, in order to
coordinate the Group's efforts in these areas. This department is supported in its work by the
Compliance Officers (who are also responsible for internal control) throughout the Group's
various geographical operations, the network of local representatives and local teams.

In addition to the implementation of guidelines in these areas and the coordination of
the organisational structure put in place, the Group has a Code of Ethics, which has been
supplemented in particular by a specific code of conduct for stock market transactions.

Along these same lines, a programme has been introduced to prevent and combat corruption.

This anti-corruption system benefits from the following features:

= Strong involvement of the executive body;

= Across-cutting organisation coordinated by the Heads of Internal Control, responsible
for compliance issues and risk management in each of the entities;

= Amapping of corruption and influence-peddling risks, carried out at the same intervals
and applying the same methodology used for the overall risk mapping exercise, and
shared with the affected staff;

= Acode of conduct for the prevention of corruption and influence peddling, illustrated
with real-world examples and made available as a supplement to the Code of Ethics,
which has been translated into 10 languages and covers all Group entities;

= Adisciplinary regime based on the Code of Conduct made binding via its inclusion
in the internal rules, with the understanding that the Group applies a zero tolerance
policy with respect to corruption and influence peddling;

= Specific, formal procedures rolled out across the Group;

= Astricter procedure for assessing third parties;

= AGroup-wide training programme, including an e-learning module available in five
languages, rolled out to 95% of the Group’s employees, via the website of the Group’s
training organisation (Sopra Steria Academy) and face-to-face training for segments of
the workforce considered as the most exposed;

= Strengthened control and audit procedures;

= Awhistleblowing system, incorporating the French legal requirements laid down by
the Sapin II Act and the Duty of Care Act, rolled out to all Group entities.

This entire programme and its dedicated organisational structure are described in Section 5
of Chapter 3, “Corporate responsibility”, on pages 99 to 101 of this document.

Developments in laws and regulations are monitored on a regular basis so as to anticipate
upcoming changes by way of the departments concerned (Legal Department, Finance
Department) and make the necessary adjustments to rules and procedures.

In order to reduce risks related to changes in tax rules, the Group is actively monitoring
regulatory and case law developments in the countries where it operates, making sure that
its tax practices are in compliance with local laws and regulations.

Disclosures required by specific obligations, including those relating to the other risks mentioned in the French Commercial Code, are presented
in Section 2, “Disclosures arising from specific obligations — Other risks” in Chapter 7 of this document (pages 229 to 233).

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018 37


--- Page 23 ---

“ll «DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Risk factors and internal control

8.2.

The Group’s insurance policy is closely linked to its risk prevention
and management practices, in order to ensure coverage for its
major risks. The Group’s insurance management is centralised under
a single department, the Internal Control and Risk Management
Department.

Insurance

The aim of Sopra Steria Group's insurance programmes is to provide
uniform and adapted cover of the risks facing the company and its
employees for all Group entities at reasonable and optimised terms.

The scope and coverage limits of these various insurance programmes
are reassessed annually in light of changes in the size of the Group,
developments in its business activities as well as changes in the
insurance market, and based on the results of the most recent risk
mapping exercise.

All Group companies are insured with leading insurance companies
for all major risks that could have a material impact on its operations,
business results or financial position.

The main insurance programmes in place within the Sopra Steria
Group are the following:

= premises and operations liability and professional indemnity
insurance

This programme covers all of the Group’s companies for monetary
consequences arising as a result of their civil and professional
liability in connection with their activities, due to bodily injury,
material or non-material damage caused to third parties. Overall
coverage is limited to €150 million per claim and per year of
insurance;

cybersecurity insurance

This programme covers all of the Group’s companies for any direct
or indirect financial losses, property damage or loss of use, and
business interruption losses resulting from a cyber attack.

property damage and business interruption insurance

This programme covers all of the Group’s sites for the direct
material damage to property they may suffer as well as any
consequential losses in the event of reduced business activity or
business interruption occasioned by the occurrence of an insured
event. Operating losses are insured on the basis of the loss of
gross profit. Overall policy coverage (for all types of damages and
operating losses) is limited to €100 million per claim and per year
of insurance.

In addition, Group programmes have been put in place covering in
particular:

a the civil liability of senior executives and company officers;

= assistance to employees on assignment, as well as to expatriate
employees and employees on loan.

38 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

8.3. Internal control and risk

management

This section of the report outlines Sopra Steria’s internal control and
risk management systems. These systems are based on the reference
framework issued by the AMF. A specific subsection addresses the
preparation of accounting and financial information.

The management control system is one of the fundamental
components of internal control at Sopra Steria. It supports the
internal dissemination of information as well as the various reporting
and risk management procedures, and the implementation of
controls.

8.3.1. OBJECTIVES AND FRAMEWORK FOR THE
INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

SYSTEM

a. Objectives of the internal control and risk management
system

In order to address the identified risk factors presented in the
preceding chapter, the Sopra Steria Group has adopted a governance
approach as well as a set of rules, policies and procedures together
constituting its internal control and risk management system

In accordance with the AMF reference framework, the internal control
and risk management system, which is under the responsibility of the
Group’s Chief Executive Officer, is designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the achievement of objectives in the following
categories:

= compliance with laws and regulations;

= implementation of instructions, guidelines and rules set forth by
Executive Management;

= proper functioning of the Company's internal processes, particularly
those intended to safeguard its assets;

= quality and reliability of financial and accounting information.

The risk management system is designed to identify, analyse and
manage the Company's main risks.

More generally, the Group’s internal control and risk management
system contributes to the control of its business activities, the
effectiveness of its operations and the efficient use of its resources.

This system is updated on a regular basis, in application of a
continuous improvement process, in order to best measure the level
of risk to which the Group is exposed as well as the effectiveness of
the action plans put in place to mitigate risks.

Nevertheless, the internal control and risk management system
cannot provide an absolute guarantee that the Company's objectives
will be achieved and that all risks will be eliminated.

b. Reference framework and regulatory context

The Sopra Steria Group refers and adheres to the reference
framework issued by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF, the
French securities regulator)

8.3.2. SCOPE

The internal control and risk management system applies across the
entire Group, i.e. the parent company Sopra Steria Group, together
with all fully consolidated companies.


--- Page 24 ---

8.3.3. COMPONENTS OF THE INTERNAL CONTROL

AND RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

a. Environment

Sopra Steria Group's internal control and risk management system is
founded upon the Group’s four-tier operational organisation as well
as its centralised functional organisation. Each tier of the operational
organisation is directly involved in the implementation of internal
control and risk management practices. To this end, the Group has
put in place a set of operating principles and rules, along with the
appropriate delegations of authority. It is the responsibility of all
Group employees to familiarise themselves with these rules and to
apply them. For more information on the Group’s organisation, see
Section 7, “Group organisation”, of this chapter (pages 27 to 28).

b. A shared management control system

The management control system is designed not only to manage the
dissemination of information, upwards to Executive Management
and downwards to the operational units, but also to guide, control
and support the Group’s employees. It involves steering meetings
held at each of the different organisational levels, including the
Group’s Executive Committee.

These meetings are governed by specific standards (reporting
timetable, participants, agenda, documents to be presented at
the beginning and end of the meeting) and are supported by the
management reporting system. Meetings are held according to
a calendar, dependent on the organisational level and timeframe
objectives:

= weekly meetings for the current month: Priority is given to the
monitoring of sales, production and human resources;

= monthly meetings for the current year: In addition to the topics
discussed at the weekly meetings, additional emphasis is placed
on financial indicators (entity performance for the previous month,
update of annual forecasts, actual vs. budget, progress report on
actions in line with the medium-term strategy);

m annual meetings, looking ahead several years: The medium-
term strategy and the annual budget process for the entities are
discussed in the context of the Group’s overall strategic plan.

The implementation of this system at all operational and functional
entities is a highly effective vehicle for cohesiveness, the sharing of
values and practices throughout the Group, and control

c. Tools

The Group’s management applications and office automation
software are designed to standardise the documents produced by
the Group. The production tools used or developed by the Group
allow for the industrialisation of project delivery by improving the
quality of deliverables. They incorporate the processes that make up
the Group's production methodology.

d. A shared framework for Group rules

Code of Ethics, anti-corruption Code of conduct and code
of conduct for stock market transactions

The aims of the Group's Code of Ethics, which is based on its core
values, are to ensure compliance with international treaties, laws and

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA EE

Risk factors and internal control

regulations in force in all countries where it operates, and to reaffirm
the Group’s ethical principles. In 2017, the Code of Ethics was
supplemented by a code of conduct for stock market transactions
whose main aim is to reiterate and clarify the rules regarding sensitive
information, insider information and the management of securities.
In 2018, the Code of Ethics was further supplemented by an anti-
corruption code of conduct, setting out the rules and behaviours to
be adopted to prevent corruption and influence peddling. For more
details on the anti-corruption code of conduct, see the “Ethics and
compliance” section of Chapter 3, “Corporate responsibility”, on
pages 99 to 101.

Group rules, policies and procedures

In 2017, work was carried out to formally document the Group’s
rules and applicable decision-making levels. A corpus of Group rules
and delegations of authority (decision-making levels) was thus re-
established and consolidated across the Group to provide a common
foundation for all processes. These rules apply to all employees at
any Group entity.

These general rules have been adapted to the Group’s various
entities, and continue to be supplemented at Group level via the
formal documentation of procedures, always with a focus on the
continuous improvement of internal control and so as to better
manage the risks identified in the course of the Group's risk mapping
exercises. These Group rules and procedures are then further detailed
to take into account local regulatory constraints across all of the
Group's geographical operations. The areas covered by the rules and
procedures include organisation and delivery management, internal
control and accounting practices, information systems, human
resources, production and quality assurance, sales and marketing,
and procurement.

These rules and procedures are available via the Group’s intranet.
They are reinforced through the Group's various training and
communications initiatives.

On the production front, Sopra Steria’s Quality System defines all the
production, management and quality assurance processes required
to successfully manage projects. The primary goal is to contribute
effectively to the delivery of high quality IT systems that meet clients’
needs in line with time and budget constraints. This methodology
defines project management practices and processes suited to
various environments and at different levels of management and
supervision, as well as software engineering practices and processes.
The basic principles of the Quality System are described in a Quality
Manual supplemented by procedural guides and operating manuals.
UK, Scandinavia and CIMPA apply mechanisms that are similar but
rely on specific methods geared to the primary characteristics of
their activities. Information security risks and IT/communications
infrastructure risks are subject to the specific oversight of the Chief
Information Security Officer (CISO) function.

The Group’s rules and procedures are regularly updated and
supplemented to best reflect the Group's organisation and manage
the identified risks.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018 39


--- Page 25 ---

“ll «DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Risk factors and internal control

8.3.4.

PARTICIPANTS IN INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

Everyone in the Group has a part to play in risk management and internal control, from the governance bodies and senior management to

the employees of each Group company.

oOo

PARTICIPANTS IN THE INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Board of Directors / Audit Committee

Executive Management

15" LINE OF CONTROL 2"? LINE OF CONTROL

Operational Management Departments
Finance

Allentities industrial

All geographies Human Resources

Allactivities Legal

Sustainable Development and Corporate
Responsibility

Internal Control and Risk
Management Department

3°° LINE OF CONTROL

Internal Audit External

Audit

Executive Management

The internal control and risk management system is approved and
overseen by Executive Management, thus at the Group's highest
level. As the top level of authority and responsibility for the internal
control and risk management system, it monitors the system's
continuing effectiveness and takes any action required to remedy
shortcomings identified and remain within acceptable risk tolerance
thresholds. Executive Management ensures that all appropriate
information is communicated in a timely manner to the Board of
Directors and to the Audit Committee.

Audit Committee of the Board of Directors

The Group’s Audit Committee examines the main features of the
internal control and risk management procedures selected and
implemented by Executive Management to manage risks, including
the organisation, roles and functions of the key actors, the approach,
structure for reporting risks and monitoring the effectiveness of
control systems. It has access to the elements necessary to reach an
overall understanding of the procedures relating to the preparation
and processing of accounting and financial information (presented
in the following chapter)

Each year, the Audit Committee reviews the results of the Group's risk
mapping exercise and holds regular meetings with the Internal Control
and Risk Management Department to monitor the implementation
and adaptation of the Group’s rules and the internal control process.

The Audit Committee also monitors the activity of the Internal Audit

Department through the following actions:

= approval of the annual internal audit plan;

= meeting with its Director once a year in the presence of the
Statutory Auditors, but without the presence of management;

= biannual review of the results of internal audit assignments and

follow-up on the implementation of action plans resulting from
recommendations.

40

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

Three lines of control

In accordance with the AMF reference framework, the internal
control and risk management system put in place by the Sopra
Steria Group is structured around three lines of control, as presented
below.

a First line of control: Front-line staff and operational
management
The first line of control for the internal control and risk management
system consists of:
operational management, tasked with implementing the system
defined at Group level for the area under its responsibility. This
line of control makes sure that the internal control rules and
procedures are effectively implemented, fully understood and
consistently applied within its scope of operations.
the Group’s employees, who take due note of and apply all of
the rules set out within the organisation

Second line of control: Risk management and compliance
functions

The aim of the second line of control is to monitor the
internal control and risk management system on an ongoing and
continuous basis to verify its effectiveness and coherence as well
as the proper application of its rules and procedures.

¢ Internal Control and Risk Management Department and
Compliance Officers at the entities

The internal control and risk management system is steered
and coordinated by the Internal Control and Risk Management
Department at Group level. As the coordinator of the system, and
with regard to the risks that have been identified and assessed,
the Internal Control and Risk Management Department defines
and updates the system’s various components. In carrying
out these duties, the Internal Control and Risk Management
Department works closely with the Group’s functional and
operational departments.


--- Page 26 ---

The Group has set up a network of Compliance Officers,
appointed at each of the Group’s entities and across all
its geographical operations. These Compliance Officers are
responsible for adapting the guidelines and rules defined at
Group level. In particular, they are tasked with making sure that
all components of the internal control and risk management
system as well as those of the Group’s compliance programme
are effectively implemented, fully understood and consistently
applied.

Functional departments.

The functional departments are also key participants in the
coordination of the internal control and risk management
system. They assist the Internal Control and Risk Management
Department in updating procedures specific to the process or
processes under their responsibility.

Alongside the self-assessment and control procedures
implemented by operational managers at every level, functional
departments play a special role in application of the rules for
delegations of authority in force within the Group. They support
operational staff in the area of risk management and, from a
preventive standpoint, they may serve in an advisory capacity or
perform ex-ante or ex-post controls on the application of rules.

The Finance Department is entrusted with specific responsibilities
in the context of financial controls and the Industrial Department is
responsible for control procedures relating to the management of its
Quality System.

© Finance Department

Financial Controlling falls under the responsibility of the Finance
Department. Its main responsibilities include the consolidation
and analysis of monthly results produced by the internal
management system, controlling the consistency of monthly
forecasts, verifying the application of Group rules, assisting
operational managers, training management system users, and
performing the reconciliation between the internal management
accounts and the general ledgers.

As part of its control responsibilities, Financial Controllers
identify and measure risks specific to each business unit. In
particular, they ensure that contractual commitments and
project production are aligned with the revenue recognised
They raise alerts for projects that present technical, commercial
or legal difficulties. They check that revenue is recognised
in line with Group accounting rules as well as analysing any
commercial concessions applicable and verifying their treatment
in the business unit’s accounts. They also ensure that the costs
for the business unit are completely and accurately recognised.

Financial Controllers devote particular attention to unbilled
revenue and contractual milestone payments, and check that
invoices issued are paid. In coordination with the manager at
the relevant entity, they trigger payment collection, which is
managed directly by the Finance Department. They check any
credit notes issued.

Financial Controllers assess business units’ and/or divisions’
organisation and administrative operations. They monitor
compliance with rules and deadlines.

Industrial Department (Management of the Quality System)

Quality management relies upon the day to day interaction
between the operational and quality structures and covers the
methods for the production and application of professional
standards.

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA EE

Risk factors and internal control

Sopra Steria’s quality structure is independent of the project
management and delivery operations. As such, it offers external
quality assurance for projects with the objectives of assuring
production and cost controlling, overseeing associated human
resources, verifying production conformity and compliance
with quality assurance procedures, and monitoring the quality
assurance plan’s effectiveness.

Industrial managers under the authority of division/subsidiary
managers and reporting functionally to the Group Industrial
Department are responsible for monitoring the Quality System
and all projects.

Structural audits are performed so as to verify the application
and effectiveness of the Quality System among the Sopra Steria
staff members concerned (management, sales, operational
quality unit). Projects are reviewed on a regular basis, at key
phases in their life cycle. These reviews, which are organised
by the Industrial Department, or by the quality structure’s local
representatives, provide an external perspective on the status
and organisation of projects.

Monthly steering meetings facilitate an overview of quality at
all levels, the monitoring of annual quality targets established
during management reviews and the determination of the
appropriate action plans to continuously improve production
performance and the quality of Sopra Steria products and
services.

The implementation of actions agreed during steering
committees, audits and reviews is checked by the Industrial
Department.

An annual review is performed by Executive Management to
ensure that the Quality System remains pertinent, adequate
and effective. This review is based in particular upon an analysis
of project reviews and internal structural audits performed at
all levels of the Group as well as upon annual balance sheets
produced by divisions or subsidiaries. During this review, the
adequacy of the quality policy is evaluated, the annual quality
objectives are defined and possible improvements and changes
in the Quality System are considered

The Group has put in place a certification policy, covering all or
a portion of its operations, depending on market expectations.
This policy relates to the following standards or frameworks:
ISO 9001, TickIT Plus, ISO 27001, ISO 22301, ISO 14001,
ISO 20000, CMMI and TMMi

a Third line of control: Internal audit function

Internal Audit Department

Under the internal audit charter adopted by the Group, the Internal

Audit Department has the following tasks:

w independent, objective evaluation of the effectiveness of the
internal control system via a periodic audit of entities;

= formulation of all recommendations to improve the Group's
operations;

= monitoring the implementation of recommendations.

The work of the Internal Audit Department is organised with a view

to covering the “audit universe” (classification of key processes)

reviewed annually by the Audit Committee.

Internal Audit covers the entire Group over a cycle of a maximum of

four years. Audits are performed more frequently for the main risks

identified. To this end, Internal Audit carries out field audits while

using self-assessment questionnaires for areas of lesser importance.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018 41


--- Page 27 ---

“ll «DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Risk factors and internal control

By carrying out work relating specifically to fraud and corruption,
the Internal Audit Department has identified processes that are
potentially concerned, associated risks, control procedures to be
adopted (prevention and detection) and audit tests to be carried out.
These are systematically integrated into internal audit programmes.

Internal Audit, which reports to the Chairman of the Board of
Directors and operates under the direct authority of Executive
Management, is responsible for internal control and monitors the
system in place. It submits its findings to Executive Management and
the Audit Committee.

The Chairman of the Board of Directors validates the audit plan,
shared with Executive Management, notably on the basis of risk
information obtained using the risk mapping procedure, the priorities
adopted for the year and the coverage of the “audit universe”. This
plan is presented to the Audit Committee for review and feedback.
Recommendations are monitored and compiled in a report provided
to Executive Management and the Audit Committee.

The Internal Audit Department carried out 22 assignments in 2018.

External monitoring system

Furthermore, the internal control and risk management system is
also monitored by the Statutory Auditors and the quality certification
inspectors for the Quality System.

Statutory Auditors

As part of their engagement, the Statutory Auditors obtain
information on the internal control system and the procedures in
place. They attend all Audit Committee meetings.

The Statutory Auditors are engaged throughout the year across
the Group. Their involvement is not limited to interactions with the
accounting department. To gain a more in-depth understanding of
how operations and transactions are recorded in the accounts, the
Statutory Auditors are in regular contact with operational managers,
who are best placed to explain the Company's business activity.
These meetings with operational staff are structured around business
unit, division or subsidiary reviews, during which the Statutory
Auditors examine the main ongoing projects, progress made and any
difficulties encountered by the business unit or subsidiary.

Quality certification inspectors
The audit procedure aims to ensure that the Quality System is both in
compliance with international standards and is applied to the entire
certified scope of operations.

Each year, quality certification inspectors select the sites visited
depending upon an audit cycle and relevance of the activity in
relation to the certification

8.3.5. ASSESSMENT AND CONTINUOUS

IMPROVEMENT PROCESS

The purpose of this audit process is to identify ways in which the
quality management system might be improved in order to ensure
continuous improvement.

The internal control system and its operation are subject to internal
and external assessments to identify areas for improvement. These
may lead to implementation of action plans to strengthen the
internal control system, in certain cases under the direct oversight of
the Group’s Audit Committee.

42 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

8.4. Procedures relating to the

preparation and processing
of accounting and financial
information

8.4.1. COORDINATION OF THE ACCOUNTING

AND FINANCIAL FUNCTION

a. Organisation of the accounting and financial function

Limited number of accounting entities

By keeping the number of legal entities, and therefore accounting
entities, relatively low, the Group can drive reductions in operating
costs and minimise risks.

Centralised coordination of the accounting

and financial function

The activities of Sopra Steria’s accounting and financial function are
overseen by the Group's Finance Department, which reports directly
to Executive Management.

The responsibilities of the Finance Department mainly include
the production of the accounts, financial controlling, tax issues,
financing and cash management, and participation in financial
communications and legal matters.

Each subsidiary has its own financial team that reports functionally
to the Group's Finance Department

Supervision of the accounting and finance function

by Executive Management and the Board of Directors

The Finance Department reports to the Group’s Executive
Management. As with all other entities, it follows the management
reporting and controlling cycle described above: weekly meetings to
address current business activities, monthly meetings devoted to a
detailed examination of figures (actual and forecast), the organisation
of the function and the monitoring of large-scale projects.

Executive Management is involved in the planning and supervision
process as well as in preparing the period close.

The Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of accounting
and financial information. It approves the annual accounts and
reviews the interim accounts. It is supported by the Audit Committee,
as described in Section 1.2.3 of Chapter 2, “Corporate governance”
of this document (pages 62 to 63).

b. Organisation of the accounting information system

Accounting

The configuration and maintenance of the accounting and financial
information system are centralised at Group level. Central teams
manage access permissions, and update them at least once a year.
The granting of these permissions is validated by Finance teams at
the subsidiaries.

All Group companies prepare, at a minimum, complete quarterly
financial statements on which the Group bases its published
quarterly revenue figures and interim financial statements.

Monthly cash flow forecasts for the entire year are prepared for all
companies and consolidated at Group level.


--- Page 28 ---

Accounting policies and presentation

The accounting policies applied within the Group are presented in
the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this document
At each balance sheet date, the Audit Committee ensures that
these policies and presentation have been applied by the Finance
Department and the Statutory Auditors.

The proper use of the percentage-of-completion method to value
ongoing projects is monitored on a permanent basis jointly by the
Industrial Department and by the Finance Department (Financial
Controllers).

8.4.2. PREPARATION OF THE PUBLISHED ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION
a. Reconciliation with the internal management system

accounting data

All Group entities prepare a monthly budget, a monthly operating
statement and revised monthly forecasts.

The budget process, which is short in duration, takes place in the last
quarter of the year. This is a key stage. It provides an opportunity to
apply the strategy approved by the Group's Executive Committee, to
adapt the organisation to developments in business segments and
market demand, and to assign quantitative and qualitative objectives
to all Group entities. Budgets, including detailed monthly operating
forecasts, are prepared by each unit at this event.

Each Group entity prepares a monthly operating statement closed
on the third working day of the following month. Management
indicators (utilisation rate, selling prices, average salary, indicators
relating to human resources, invoicing and receipts, etc.) are also
reviewed on a monthly basis.

Finally, a revised operating statement prepared each month includes
the results of the previous month and a revised forecast for the
remaining months of the current year.

Sales metrics (prospects, contracts in progress, signings, etc.),
client invoicing and cash receipts are analysed at the management
meetings organised by the management control system described
above.

The results derived from the monthly management reporting
documents are verified by Financial Controllers reporting to the
Finance Department, who also reconcile this data with the quarterly
accounting results in the general ledgers.

DETAILED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA EE

Risk factors and internal control

b. Procedures for the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements

Each company establishes quarterly financial statements and prepares
a consolidation pack.

For each of the companies falling within the scope of the audit of
consolidated financial statements, the Statutory Auditors examine
the interim and annual consolidation packs. Once approved, they
are used by the Group Finance Department and the consolidated
financial statements are examined by the Group's Statutory Auditors.

c. Procedure for signing off the financial statements

The interim and annual consolidated financial statements are
presented to Executive Management by the Finance Department.

As part of their annual accounts close-out at 31 December, the
financial statements of Sopra Steria Group and its subsidiaries
undergo a legal audit by the Statutory Auditors in order to be
certified. A limited review is also performed on 30 June.

As part of its assignment to monitor the legal control of the financial
statements, the Audit Committee takes note of the Statutory
Auditors’ work and conclusions during the review of the interim and
annual financial statements.

The Audit Committee examines the financial statements, notably
in order to review the Company's exposure to risks, verify that the
procedures for gathering and controlling information guarantee its
reliability, and ensure that accounting policies have been applied
consistently and appropriately. It gathers comments from the
Statutory Auditors.

The Group’s financial statements are then presented to the Board of
Directors for approval.

d. Financial communications

The Financial Communications and Investor Relations Department,
which is supervised by the Chairman of the Board of Directors,
manages the Group’s financial communications.

The Group communicates financial information via several different
means, notably:

= press releases;

a the Registration Document and the various reports and disclosures
that it contains;

= the presentation of the interim and annual financial statements.

The Group’s website has a dedicated “Investors” section that
presents all of the aforementioned items as well as other regulatory
or informative items.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018 43
