Combined Management Report

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

55

Fundamental Information

about the Group

Merck

We are Merck, a vibrant science and technology company. Science is
at the heart of everything we do. It drives the discoveries we make
and the technologies we create. Our work makes a positive difference
in millions of people’s lives every day.

In Healthcare, we discover unique ways to treat the most chal-
lenging diseases such as multiple sclerosis and cancer. Our Life Science
experts empower scientists by developing tools and solutions that help
deliver breakthroughs more quickly. And in Performance Materials,
we develop science that sits inside technologies and changes the way
we access and display information.

Everything we do is fueled by a belief in science and technology
as a force for good. A belief that has driven our work since 1668 and
will continue to inspire us to find more joyful and sustainable ways
to live. We are curious minds dedicated to human progress.

We hold the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only
exceptions are Canada and the United States. In these countries,
we operate as EMD Serono in the biopharmaceutical business, as
MilliporeSigma in the life science business and as EMD Performance
Materials in the high-tech materials business.

In November, we announced the intent to form a joint venture
under the brand name Syntropy, a joint venture with technology and
software company Palantir Technologies. Syntropy is expected to
empower scientists and research centers with a collaborative tech-
nology platform to advance cancer research, help drive scientific
discovery and improve human lives.

Apart from our three business sectors, our financial reporting
presents the five regions Europe, North America, Asia-Pacific (APAC),
Latin America as well as Middle East and Africa (MEA). As of Decem-
ber 31, 2018, we had 51,749 employees worldwide!, which compares
with 52,941 on December 31, 2017.2

Healthcare

Our Healthcare business sector comprises the two businesses Bio-
pharma and Allergopharma. On December 1, our Consumer Health
business tranferred to Procter & Gamble (P&G). Since 2015, Belén
Garijo has been CEO of the Healthcare business sector and member
of the Executive Board. In 2018, Healthcare generated 42% of Group
sales and 37% of EBITDA pre (excluding Corporate and Other),
making it the largest of our three business sectors. The regions

Europe and North America generated 58% of Healthcare’s net sales
in 2018. In recent years, we have steadily expanded our presence in
growth markets. In 2018, Asia-Pacific and Latin America accounted
for 35% of sales.

BIOPHARMA

Our Biopharma business discovers, develops, manufactures and mar-
kets innovative pharmaceutical and biological prescription drugs to
treat cancer, multiple sclerosis (MS), infertility, growth disorders as
well as certain cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Biopharma
is the larger of our Healthcare businesses and operates in four fran-
chises: Oncology, Neurology & Immunology, Fertility and General
Medicine & Endocrinology. Our R&D pipeline positions us with a clear
focus on becoming a global specialty innovator in oncology, immuno-
oncology and immunology including MS.

2018 marked the 20th anniversary of the European Commission’s
approval of our top-selling product Rebif® (interferon beta-1a), a
disease-modifying drug used to treat relapsing forms of MS, acting
in a way similar to that of interferon beta protein produced by the
human body. Rebif®, which was approved in Europe in 1998 and in
the United States in 2002, is registered in more than 90 countries
worldwide. Rebif® has been proven to delay the progression of disa-
bility, reduce the frequency of relapses and reduce magnetic resonance
imaging (MRI) lesion activity and area.

2018 also saw further launch progress of Mavenclad® (cladribine
tablets), with approvals encompassing more than 40 countries. In
addition, in July, the FDA accepted the resubmission of the New Drug
Application (NDA) for cladribine tablets. The acceptance indicates that
the FDA found the company’s resubmission sufficiently complete to
permit a substantive review. We view Mavenclad® as a complementary
new oral treatment option in our MS product portfolio. Our MS treat-
ment Rebif® is and remains a well-established therapy.

In March, we announced positive Phase IIb data for the first
Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor to show clinical proof-of-
concept in relapsing MS, namely evobrutinib, a highly specific, oral
BTK inhibitor, and we further demonstrated our commitment to
improving the lives of people with MS and other chronic progressive
diseases via scientific advances and new data on our marketed and
pipeline therapies (further details can be found under “Research &
Development”).

+The Consumer Health business was transferred to Procter & Gamble (P&G) on December 1, 2018, and was already classified as a discontinued operation according to IFRS 5 in April 2018.

With the completion of the sale, around 3,300 employees joined P&G.

?Merck also has employees at sites which are not fully consolidated subsidiaries. These figures refer to all people directly employed by Merck and therefore may deviate from figures in the

financial section of this report.
Combined Management Report

56

Erbitux® (cetuximab) remains the second-best-selling drug in terms
of revenue in the portfolio of our Biopharma business and is our
flagship product in oncology. Treating more than 900,000 patients
since authorization, the product is a standard of care for patients
with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-expressing, RAS wild-
type metastatic colorectal cancer (MCRC), as well as both recurrent
and/or metastatic and locally advanced squamous cell carcinoma
of the head and neck (SCCHN). We continue to invest in Erbitux®
and are committed to making it available to those patients it will
benefit most.

Together with Pfizer Inc., we are developing much-needed new
treatment options for patients with hard-to-treat cancers. We have
made key progress in this area, with regulatory approvals in 46 coun-
tries for our anti-PD-L1 antibody avelumab under the brand name
Bavencio®. In 2018, approvals were granted in several countries
including Australia and Brazil for Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC), Israel
for both MCC and urothelial carcinoma (UC) and Canada for UC.
Bavencio® was initially granted two approvals in 2017 by the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and
pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic MCC and pre-
viously treated patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC.
These indications were approved under accelerated approval based
on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval
for these indications may be contingent upon verification and descrip-
tion of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. The prognosis for both
patient groups is very poor, so for patients around the world this may
represent a welcome new treatment option.

The Bavencio® approvals were based on data from our compre-
hensive clinical development program JAVELIN, which currently
comprises at least 30 clinical programs, including several Phase III
trials and over 9,000 patients evaluated across more than 15 differ-
ent tumor types. In addition to MCC and UC, these cancers include
gastric/gastro-esophageal junction, head and neck, non-small cell
lung, ovarian and renal cell carcinoma.

We are continuing to explore all potential options and have entered
into a number of strategic collaborations to evaluate avelumab in
combination with a range of complementary oncology medicines
(further details can be found under “Research & Development”). Key
data from the JAVELIN program were presented at major medical
congresses in 2018, including the European Society for Medical
Oncology Congress (ESMO), where we shared promising new results
from the Phase III JAVELIN Renal 101 study evaluating avelumab in
combination with axitinib compared with sunitinib as initial therapy
for patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

Earlier pipeline highlights included the presentation of new data for
M7824 (TGF-B-trap/anti-PD-L1) in a range of tumors, adding to
existing evidence for the potential of this bifunctional immunotherapy
and supporting our plans to continue its exploration in advanced solid
tumors and ongoing cohort expansions. Additionally, in August we
initiated a trial to investigate M7824 compared with pembrolizumab
as a first-line treatment in patients with PD-Li-expressing advanced
non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In December, the FDA granted
orphan drug designation to M7824, its first regulatory designation,
for the treatment of biliary tract cancer (further details can be found
under “Research & Development”). Data shared for oral MET inhib-
itor tepotinib included positive results in NSCLC and advanced hepa-
tocellular carcinoma (HCC). We are currently assessing the potential
of investigating tepotinib in combination with novel therapies for the
treatment of advanced HCC after the two HCC Phase II trials met
their primary endpoints, with clinical activity and safety demon-
strated both as first-line and second-line treatment. Both M7824 and
tepotinib were discovered in-house at Merck.

Being the global market leader in fertility drugs and treatments,
with a unique and broad portfolio from therapeutics to technologies,
our Fertility franchise is an important growth driver for our Biopharma
business. Infertility represents an increasing challenge globally due
to demographic changes and growing lifestyle trends like delayed
childbearing. In this highly specialized market, the focus lies on
quality, standardization and outcomes. With our portfolio we are
confident of being well-equipped to face the challenges in this field,
aiming to be the preferred fertility treatment partner of our custom-
ers and offering innovative solutions across therapeutics, lab tech-
nologies, connectivity and services.

The Pergoveris® Pen is the first product with a combination of
recombinant follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and recombinant
luteinizing hormone (LH) in a ready-to-use liquid version, eliminating
the need for mixing. It thus provides an improved and convenient
treatment option for women with severe deficiency of both FSH and
LH, a group of patients that is difficult to treat. Launches will con-
tinue. The number of countries in which Pergoveris® Pen has launched
reached 13 in 2018 and we will continue to provide patients with
access to this innovative therapeutic.

In addition, we launched two new technologies at the annual
meeting of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embry-
ology (ESHRE) in Barcelona. Our connectivity platform QBOX IVF
streamlines the data transfer between lab instruments and electronic
medical records, improving data management across the clinic. Geri®
Assess 2.0 extends our innovative software portfolio, enabling auto-
matic detection of key events in embryo and blastocyst development.
Combined Management Report

During the ESHRE meeting we also introduced our new online plat-
form, www. fertility.com. It is the gateway to two online portals: one
for healthcare professionals, offering the latest scientific information
in the advancing field of fertility, and one supporting women, men
and couples who are looking for information about fertility and/or
undergoing fertility treatment.

Every day, more than 66 million patients around the world use
our trusted general medicine and endocrinology (GM&E) medications.
Today, Concor®, Euthyrox®, Glucophage® and Saizen® are highly
valued brands and market leaders in many key markets around the
world. As a result, in terms of sales GM&E is the largest business
franchise of the Healthcare business sector, with strong growth in all
major therapeutic areas of focus, contributing significantly to the
overall profitability of Biopharma and Merck. Although no longer
patent-protected, the brand equity built over decades makes our
flagship products cornerstones for the treatment of chronic cardio-
vascular, metabolic and endocrine diseases.

Concor®, containing bisoprolol, is the leading beta-blocker for
chronic cardiovascular diseases such as hypertension, coronary
artery disease and chronic heart failure. Euthyrox®, with the active
ingredient levothyroxine, is the worldwide market leader with a mar-
ket share above 40% for the treatment of hypothyroidism, a disease
with high prevalence but still low diagnosis rates in most emerging
markets. Glucophage®, containing the active ingredient metformin,
is the drug of choice for first-line treatment of type 2 diabetes. Dur-
ing 2018, several health authorities worldwide continued to author-
ize Glucophage® for prediabetes when intensive lifestyle changes
have failed. This indication for Glucophage® is now approved in
40 countries. Due to an increasing prevalence of diabetes we see
great potential for this product.

We also help to raise awareness and education in the areas we
operate in, such as thyroid diseases and diabetes. This is well demon-
strated by our active role in International Thyroid Awareness Week
and partnership with the International Diabetes Federation (IDF),
which serves as a basis for implementation of education and com-
munication activities emphasizing the importance of type 2 diabetes
prevention.

Earlier in the year we announced our collaboration with U.S.-
based Medisafe to help our cardiometabolic patients better manage
medication intake and adhere to prescribed treatment regimens. In
the countries of scope, Merck patients will have access to a customized
version of Medisafe’s mobile platform that could combine reminders,
motivation and support systems, targeted content, coupons and
interventions in their local language.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

5/7

Saizen® (somatropin) is our main endocrinology product and is indi-
cated for the treatment of growth hormone deficiency in children and
adults. Saizen® is delivered with the Easypod® electromechanical
injection device, the only growth hormone injection device of its kind.
Easypod® is able to wirelessly transfer data such as injection times,
dates and doses to the web-based software system Easypod® con-
nect, making it easier for healthcare practitioners and patients to
ensure adherence and reach their treatment goals.

CONSUMER HEALTH

Our Consumer Health business tranferred to P&G on December 1.
The cash purchase price was approximately € 3.4 billion. The trans-
action comprises the Consumer Health business in 44 countries with
more than 900 products and two production facilities in Spittal
(Austria) and Goa (India). Around 3,300 employees have transferred
to P&G. The successful completion of the transaction marks a further
step in our company’s strategic focus on innovation-driven busi-
nesses.

ALLERGOPHARMA

Our allergy business Allergopharma is one of the leading companies
in the field of allergy immunotherapy (AIT) in Europe. For high-pre-
cision, effective allergy therapy, we offer comprehensive diagnosis
solutions as a basis for individual treatment concepts. Our AIT prod-
ucts concentrate on causal treatment of type 1 allergies such as
allergic rhinitis (for example, hay fever) and allergic asthma to meet
patients’ needs. For AIT, strong evidence of efficacy and an accept-
able safety profile have been well-documented in allergy-induced
allergic rhino-conjunctivitis in numerous clinical trials. Furthermore,
there is a potential positive effect on the long-term course of the
allergic disease. AIT is designed to induce tolerance in the immune
system of the allergy patient to the allergy-triggering allergen, thus
potentially inducing an immune modification.

We offer high dosage, hypoallergenic, standardized preparations
for allergen-specific immunotherapy for pollen and house dust mite
allergies as well as a wide range of diagnostic allergy tests. Based
on long-standing expertise, scientific excellence and entrepreneurial
responsibility, we do our utmost to provide physicians with first-class
therapy options and help people with allergies lead more fulfilled lives.
Products of Allergopharma are available in 18 countries worldwide.
Combined Management Report

58

Life Science

In Life Science, we are a leading, global supplier of tools, high-grade
chemicals, and equipment for academic labs, biotech and biophar-
maceutical manufacturers, as well as the industrial sector. We make
scientific discovery easier and faster with technologies like CRISPR
for gene-editing; and we provide drug manufacturers with process
development expertise that make medicines safer and more effective
for patients. We offer both testing kits and services to ensure that
our food is safe to eat and water is clean to drink.

In Life Science, our purpose is to solve the toughest problems in
life science by collaborating with the global scientific community.
Since acquiring the chemical and technology company Sigma-Aldrich
in 2015, we have put a strategy in place that we continue to execute
today: complete the integration of Sigma-Aldrich; strengthen our
core businesses by delivering a broad and relevant portfolio to our
customers and establishing new pillars of growth in scientific areas
like cell and gene therapy and continuous bioprocessing. As ranked
by sales, the Life Science business sector of Merck has achieved a
top-three ranking in the global life science industry.

Udit Batra was named CEO of the Life Science business sector in
2014 and was appointed to the Executive Board in 2016. In 2018,
Life Science generated 42% of Group sales as well as 44% of EBITDA
pre (excluding Corporate and Other).

Our portfolio comprises more than 300,000 products ranging
from lab water systems to genome-editing tools, antibodies and cell
lines, as well as end-to-end bioprocessing systems to support the
manufacturing needs of both emerging biotech and large pharma
companies. For example, our Life Science business sector has built
the expertise to further develop our BioReliance® End-to-End Solu-
tions, a service offering for process development and manufacturing
for emerging biotechs. Another example is BrightLab™, our digital
ecosystem for complete lab management.

Our e-commerce platform, sigmaaldrich.com, continues to grow
and connect customers in nearly every country with the products
needed to advance their research, development and production efforts.
In 2018, we implemented initiatives to optimize how our customers
search and find our products, engage with our content and make
purchasing decisions. With our teams’ technical expertise and dedica-
tion to customer service, we continued to experience growth in both
user sessions and revenue. This was recognized with three external
awards.

In the first quarter of 2018, we made the first of several invest-
ment announcements. In February, we invested €40 million in Asia,
which included an integrated cell culture facility in Songdo, Incheon,
Korea; a new manufacturing and distribution center near Mumbai,
India; and a single-use manufacturing facility in Wuxi, China.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

The Songdo center includes cell culture media facilities (imMEDIAte
Advantage® Custom Media) and a logistics infrastructure to help
meet the rapid growth in the biopharmaceutical industry in Songdo
(Incheon, Korea). The new center in Mumbai, which is expected to
be completed in 2019, is being built to ensure that our customers
have ready access to the products needed to develop new therapies
and biosimilars to accelerate access to health.

In June, we announced expansion plans to our operations in
Gillingham, United Kingdom. The distribution center, which will grow
by 5,250 square meters, will supply the pharmaceutical industry, bio-
technology companies, research institutes and academic centers with
biochemical and chemical reagents, laboratory supplies and testing
services. The € 9 million investment will boost distribution capabilities
for the business. Anticipated to open in early 2019, the updated facil-
ity will serve as the primary distribution center for the United Kingdom.

In September, we established our first Mobius® single-use manu-
facturing facility in China to support the development of the bio-
pharma industry in the region. This facility, which is expected to be
operational by the first quarter of 2019, will provide flexible and
customized single-use solutions to support local customers in accel-
erating drug development and manufacturing.

In the second half of 2018, we opened a € 13 million (SG
$ 20 million), 3,800-square-meter laboratory in Singapore, the only
lab of its kind in Singapore and outside of the United States and the
United Kingdom. The lab will focus on biologics testing, which is a
major step in the drug development process.

In October, we also opened a new, 1,000-square-meter M Lab™
Collaboration Center in Sao Paulo, Brazil, to serve the Latin America
region. The lab, which is one of nine such centers around the world,
includes a non-good manufacturing practice (non-GMP) pilot and
bench scale labs for customers. This allows customers to engage in
process development support, troubleshooting, demonstrations and
hands-on training to explore new ways to increase productivity,
improve processes and mitigate risks.

In addition to new facilities, in 2018 we also announced a new
platform for our biopharmaceutical customers who manufacture
monoclonal antibodies. In the third quarter, we launched our Bio-
Continuum™ Platform, which addresses intensified bioprocessing and
continuous manufacturing. Continuous bioprocessing integrates the
typical batch-based, separate manufacturing steps into a connected
process, enabling a continuous flow from the addition of raw mate-
rials through product harvest, purification and testing. Pilot studies
suggest that conversion to such a manufacturing method may reduce
manufacturing costs by up to 50%.

A key goal for our Life Science business units is to help our cus-
tomers that manufacture drugs, from small to large innovator com-
panies, bring life-enhancing medicines and therapies to market - and
Combined Management Report

to patients — faster. To facilitate reaching this target, we opened our
first BioReliance® End-to-End Biodevelopment Center in North Amer-
ica in June 2018. This center supplies drug manufacturers with com-
plete solutions for the development of cell lines, upstream processes
and downstream processes as well as production not subject to good
manufacturing practices, or non-GMP production. The facility is designed
to help customers with their biopharmaceutical manufacturing pro-
cesses and accelerate clinical development from DNA to market.

Today, 60% of drugs in the pipeline are being developed by biotech
start-ups focused on innovative therapies, including those intended
to treat niche diseases with small patient populations. These com-
panies are the focus of our global health commitment to support them
in bringing their drugs to market through our grant programs. Grants
provide these companies with free Merck products and services to
help accelerate market entry of new therapies. Through our Advance
Biotech Grant Program, every six months, three recipients around
the globe are awarded a total of € 200,000 in services and products
to address their process development challenges.

In February, we announced a two-year research collaborative
with Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, United States, that
includes the use of our CRISPR genome-editing technology. The goal
of the research is to determine the differences between gut bacterial
communities in healthy and malnourished children, and to identify
what features of healthy intestinal bacteria are critical for supporting
healthy growth.

Further to these grants, in the second quarter of 2018, we
announced three new partnerships with leading academic institu-
tions. The first is a partnership with Oxford University’s Jenner Insti-
tute, in the United Kingdom, which seeks to develop more robust
and scalable vaccine manufacturing processes. A second collabo-
ration, in addition to the aforementioned grant, is with Washington
University in St. Louis, Missouri, United States, to optimize nutritional
supplements to restore a healthy gut microbial community (micro-
biome). The third is a partnership with Tongji University in Shanghai,
China, for our CRISPR Core Partnership Program to provide the uni-
versity with exclusive access to our genome-editing technology and
comprehensive technical support.

Related to our advancements in CRISPR, in December we
announced a strategic alliance in the CRISPR/Cas9 rodent model
market with France-based biotechnology company genOway. Through
an exclusive worldwide license of our foundational CRISPR integra-
tion patents , genOway will develop new models and solutions allow-
ing non-profit and for-profit scientists to use CRISPR/Cas9 technol-
ogy. Under the agreement, genOway will also develop a network of
sublicensees in both the model creation and distribution businesses
and preclinical services for all potential applications worldwide, with
a strong focus on the United States, Asia and Europe.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

59

In addition to awarding grants to academic institutions, our busi-
nesses also extend to the wider community through SPARK, our
global volunteer program. In 2018, through this initiative, nearly
1,700 employees volunteered nearly 9,000 hours to engage 66,500
students around the world in science learning. For the second year,
our Curiosity Cube™, mobile science lab toured North America,
traveling 30,000 kilometers and engaging approximately 36,000 stu-
dents at schools and city centers in 24 communities.

In 2018, we served as the exclusive sponsor of TeleScience, a
new online platform for Seeding Labs, an organization that provides
scientists in developing countries with lab equipment, training and
opportunities to collaborate with experts in their field. To date, our
partnership with Seeding Labs has enabled the organization to equip
65 universities in 34 developing countries with 77 shipments (con-
taining nearly 200 tons) of equipment, providing access to the global
scientific community and helping to accelerate scientific research.

In October, we announced an agreement to sell our Amnis® Flow
Cytometry and Guava® Technologies businesses to Luminex Corpo-
ration for € 63 million. The transaction transferred our flow cytometry
platforms Amnis and Guava as well as the associated reagents under
those brands. This included a portfolio of leading technologies serving
the research space.

We will continue to actively manage our comprehensive portfolio
by tapping into innovation and placing it in the best hands to con-
tinuously drive value for customers.

Performance Materials

Our Performance Materials business sector comprises the specialty
chemicals business of Merck and supplies solutions for displays, com-
puter chips and surfaces of all kinds. Effective April 1, 2018, Performance
Materials comprises three business units: Display Solutions, Semi-
conductor Solutions and Surface Solutions. If we compare Performance
Materials with a smartphone, Display Solutions represents the user
interface, Semiconductor Solutions the intelligence and Surface
Solutions the aesthetics.

On July 3, the Performance Materials business sector presented
a strategy update explaining how, after 2019, it aims to achieve
average annual sales growth of around 2% to 3% with an expected
sustainable EBITDA pre margin of around 30%. We expect to be able
to more than offset the decline in our liquid crystals business for
displays with growth in the other businesses after 2019.

One pillar of the “Bright Future” transformation program is the
realignment of Research and Development (R&D) as presented at
the Capital Markets Day on October 16. In the wake of this realign-
ment, the business sector is seeking to align its resources more
Combined Management Report

60

purposefully to the requirements of end customers. On top of this,
decisions on the evaluation of projects and the allocation of resources
are to be made centrally, and the business sector aims to push ahead
with integrated and interdisciplinary R&D.

We are currently undergoing a transformation in the Performance
Materials business sector with a view to adjusting to new market
realities and customer requirements. We are building the foundations
for the future. It is our strategic goal to return to sustainable profit-
able growth, to ensure an attractive margin and to remain compet-
itive as Performance Materials. In order to achieve this, we have to
optimize our cost base and to adopt our R&D ratio, which is far
beyond industry benchmark. Our goal is a ratio of R&D investments
compared to Sales of around 8%. This is at the upper end of what
comparable companies invest in Research and Development. We are
adjusting our cost structure in the Display Solutions and Integrated
Supply Chain business units as well as in Research & Development,
in particular.

Performance Materials accounted for 16% of Group sales in 2018
and its share of EBITDA pre (excluding Corporate and Other) was
19%. The EBITDA pre margin amounted to 32.7% of net sales.

Our Display Solutions business unit comprises the liquid crystals,
OLED (organic light-emitting diodes), photoresists and liquid crystal
windows businesses. Even though competition has intensified, we
defended our position as the global market and technology leader
in the display materials business in 2018. Modern, energy-efficient
technologies such as UB-FFS (ultra-brightness fringe-field-switch-
ing) have further established themselves on the market. We have
secured projects in the area of large-surface displays and for high-
resolution mobile devices for our product offerings of the newly
launched XtraBright™ brand.

The first commercial lighthouse projects in the architecture seg-
ment are running with our liquid crystal window modules. In October,
we launched our new product brand, eyrise™. Its launch follows the
opening of our production plant for liquid crystal window modules in
Veldhoven, the Netherlands, at the end of 2017. Our business with
photoresists for displays continues to consolidate thanks to proven
technical success in high-performance product lines, in particular.
This growth is supported by a strong position in new display produc-
tion lines on the growing Chinese market. As a result of continuous

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

improvements as well as substantial increases in the current lifetime
and efficiency of the OLED materials in our portfolios, these materials
have been selected for a large number of new devices being launched
on the market.

Semiconductor Solutions, the second-largest business unit in
Performance Materials, supplies products for integrated circuits,
microelectronic systems, for antireflection coatings and for the min-
iaturization of transistor structures. Deposition materials and con-
ductive pastes for semiconductor packaging round off the portfolio.
We are continuously looking for new materials for metallization pro-
cesses with low resistance and various dielectric characteristics for
faster or better processors, servers and data storage density. Our
business with dielectric materials for spin-on procedures is growing
steadily. Furthermore, we are reporting rising demand for krypton
fluoride (KrF) thick film resists, an important material in the produc-
tion of 3D NAND staircase structures.

Materials for Directed Self Assembly (DSA) provide cost-effective
patterning solutions which enable further chip scaling. DSA combines
bottom-up with conventional top-down patterning. DSA uses a vari-
ety of different materials, in particular so-called block copolymers
(BCP) that consist of two continuous, linked strands of different
polymers. These BCPs have the ability to arrange themselves in even
shapes along the conductive structure under certain conditions. They
form the basis for the extremely fine transistors and printed circuit
paths for the computer chips of the future. Our technological com-
petence in combination with a strengthened supply chain have con-
tributed to this growth.

In the Surface Solutions business unit our goal is to help custom-
ers with our materials and solutions to make innovative surfaces of
all kinds more beautiful, more resistant or even more intelligent. Our
pearlescent pigments enable striking automotive coatings, fascinating
cosmetics, extraordinary packaging, innovative product design and
even unique food creations. With our functional solutions we serve a
large number of innovative applications, from dirt-repellent and easy-
care surfaces to laser markings of plastic parts and cables.

On October 26, the Surface Solutions business unit announced
that it would align itself even more closely with the needs of its
markets. The future business areas of Surface Solutions will be auto-
motive coatings, cosmetic solutions and industrial solutions.
Combined Management Report

Strategy

General principles

At Merck, we believe in the opportunities of science, the transforma-
tional power of technology and the endless possibilities to change
the lives of patients, researchers and customers. Our purpose is
“We are curious minds dedicated to human progress”. Science is at
the heart of everything we do. It drives the discoveries we make and
the technologies we create, it inspires our ideas and drives our entre-
preneurial spirit.

We believe that scientific exploration and responsible entre-
preneurship are key to technological advances that benefit us all.
Our everyday decisions are guided by our company values. We want
to live courage, achievement, responsibility, respect, integrity and
transparency in every step we take, in every decision we make.

Together, we have defined the road ahead for Merck until 2022.
This strategy is based on our Group Foundation, external trends that
will impact our industry and a concrete map on how to reach our
future ambition.

Group Strategy

THE TRANSFORMATIONAL JOURNEY SINCE 2007

Throughout the past years, Merck has grown significantly through a
series of strategic moves that have enabled us to develop into the
vibrant science and technology company we are today. We have
systematically and continuously strengthened and focused our port-
folio of innovative science and technology throughout our business
sectors. In Healthcare we divested our Generics business (2007) to
focus on highly specialized products and acquired Serono (2007) to
expand our pipeline and strengthen our business. This focused
approach has continued until today with the divestments of the Bio-
similars business (2017) and Consumer Health business (2018), so
that we can increase our efforts on our Oncology, Immuno-oncology
and Immunology franchises. Within Life Science, we have signifi-
cantly transformed to become a diversified industry leader through
the acquisition of Millipore (2010) and Sigma-Aldrich (2015). We
continue to leverage the Sigma-Aldrich e-commerce platform to
expand our reach and leadership in the industry as well as investing
in strategic initiatives such as Gene Editing & Novel Modalities and
End-to-End Bioprocessing. During this time, Performance Materials
has continued to deliver profitable growth and a significant cash
contribution, and we evolved this business further into attractive
science and technology areas such as semiconductor materials
through the acquisition of AZ Electronic Materials (2014), which also

Fundamental Information about the Group

Strategy

61

helped us further diversify our product portfolio that was strongly
driven by liquid crystals.

Strategically, what we have achieved is the transformation of a
classic chemicals and pharmaceuticals supplier into the vibrant sci-
ence and technology company with leading positions in Healthcare,
Life Science and Performance Materials. To further achieve our stra-
tegic goals from 2011-2017, we completed a transformation and
growth program known as “Fit for 2018”, primarily targeting organi-
zational effectiveness and process optimization, and in the later years
new initiatives such as the commencement of our Merck Innovation
Center in Darmstadt, new product innovations and the new Merck
brand.

THE ROADMAP

Our Group Strategy considers certain foundational elements such as,
first and foremost, a risk diversification strategy that ensures that
we are not over-exposed to any single customer, industry or region.
We want to be a forward-thinking company generating long-term
sustainable value. We focus our efforts and activities on innovative
areas to add maximum value to the future of science and technology.
We continue to operate under our current ownership structure with
the Merck family, as a majority owner, and external shareholders.
We aim to maintain an attractive financial profile. M&A (mergers &
acquisitions) is an important part of our long-term value creation
strategy with a focus on innovation-driven technology. In 2018, we
further prioritized our activities in line with our strategic ambition to
become the vibrant science and technology company. This includes
the initiation of a new strategic approach in Performance Materials
focused on the expanding electronics market, optimizing R&D
through the efficient reallocation and adjustment of resources, and
increasing our customer focus. In Healthcare, in addition to the
aforementioned divestment of Consumer Health, we have continued
our strategy of becoming a Global Specialty Innovator through con-
tinued development and externalization of selected pipeline projects.
This way, we aim to ensure that promising products can be brought
to the market quickly for the benefit of patients everywhere. Life
Science is on track with the integration of Sigma-Aldrich and has
continued along the path of science and technology leadership
through its sustained investment and focus on its strategic initiatives
of Gene Editing & Novel Modalities, which includes gene editing tools,
viral and gene therapies, cellular therapies and RNA therapies, End-
to-End Solutions for Bioprocessing and Connected Labs.
Combined Management Report

62

From now until 2022, we categorize our strategy as a period of
growth and expansion, with all business sectors contributing to our
growth ambition. In order to achieve our strategic ambition by 2022,
we want to work on ensuring strong and innovative, specialty-focused
pillars with strong positions in our priority growth areas, such as
Oncology, Immuno-oncology and Immunology, Bioprocessing, and
Semiconductor Solutions.

In more detail, it is our goal to continue to accelerate organic
growth, expand our market footprint and sustain our leadership posi-
tions within our science and technology specialty areas. We have
clearly defined goals, such as generating annual sales of at least
€ 2 billion by 2022 with products from our Healthcare R&D pipeline -
products that we launched recently or expect to bring to market
soon. In addition, we aim to double our Group sales in China. Health-
care shall contribute significantly to our growth ambition with the
main drivers being new product launches and stable base business
delivery. We expect Life Science to continuously target above-market
growth with Process Solutions contributing significantly to this.

We expect the Performance Materials business sector to generate
an EBITDA pre margin of around 30% after 2019. The business
sector initiated the “Bright Future” transformation program. Besides
the ambition to get back to organic top-line growth, the program
focuses on resource allocation, process excellence and active port-
folio management.

We aim to keep an attractive financial profile, regain our financial
flexibility through stringent deleveraging and sustain our strong
investment-grade rating. It is of utmost importance to us that we meet
our obligations at all times through our diversified and profitable
businesses as the basis for sustained cash flow generation. We are
aiming to achieve sustained organic profitable growth, while targeted
acquisition remains a growth option. We pursue a sustainable dividend
policy. Provided that the economic environment develops in a stable
manner, the current dividend represents the minimum level for future
dividend proposals. In addition, our Group Strategy is always aimed
at delivering our ambition of becoming the vibrant science and
technology company, and be an innovation leader within our fields
of activity. We will therefore strive to achieve our strategy by con-
tinuing to focus on our three core priorities: “Performance”, “People”
and “Technology”.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Strategy

Performance

Our priority area “Performance” includes all activities that create
sustainable, profitable growth. We have defined a strategic roadmap
until 2022 to meet our ambition. Our primary aim is to deliver accel-
erated profitable growth through sustained core business delivery
and selective portfolio strengthening.

In Healthcare, a successful 2018 included our innovative product
launches of Bavencio® and Mavenclad®, which together reached
around € 160 million in sales in 2018. Our Healthcare core business
has grown consistently for many quarters and we continue to dili-
gently develop and manage our pipeline of innovative medicines. The
2018 news flow clearly shows that our pipeline contains highly attrac-
tive and innovative assets in key indications, in various stages of the
clinical development process.

Going forward, in Healthcare, we will drive our positioning as a
global specialty innovator by fully leveraging our pipeline potential.
Here we aim to focus and prioritize development of key pipeline
projects, deliver multiple study readouts in major tumor types and
ensure a regular inflow of promising early-stage projects to ensure
the long-term pipeline potential. We expect that our pipeline will
continue to progress quickly. It therefore requires regular prioritiza-
tion and de-risking decisions, with strategic partnerships and exter-
nal financing being key. At the same time, it is our goal to continue
to profitably deliver on our core business while further expanding
our global reach.

In Life Science, we have achieved our € 280-million synergies
target for 2018 and a net sales organic CAGR of around 6% since
2015, which is around 200 basis points (bps) above the market
average — despite the integration of Sigma-Aldrich. Furthermore, we
started various innovation projects to support our industry-leading
growth and profitability in the future.

We are a highly differentiated leader, positioned for sustained
and profitable growth, in Life Science. Working towards 2022, our
strategy is to sustain above-market growth in our core businesses,
with a focus on our leadership in Bioprocessing and delivering on our
strategic initiatives such as End-to-End Bioprocessing and Gene
Editing & Novel Modalities. The business sector will concentrate on
advancing the already favorable portfolio mix with exposure to
growth market segments, full operating leverage driving margin pro-
gression, ensuring that our strategic initiatives enable sustained
above-market growth and making capacity investments that support
industry growth dynamics.
Combined Management Report

Despite a decline in sales and profits at Performance Materials in 2018,
we remain a market leader in this sector. In parallel we embarked
on a transformation program to deliver on our strategy of becoming
a leading electronics solutions provider and established a new R&D
framework.

The focus of Performance Materials is on bringing the business
back to a 2-3% organic sales growth trajectory from 2020 onwards,
implementing our 5-year “Bright Future” transformation program
and ensuring efficient resource allocation to foster the EBITDA pre
margin of around 30%. We aim to further strengthen Performance
Material’s position as a leading electronics solutions provider, ensure
a stronger focus on existing end market needs and implement a
rigorous innovation and project prioritization process.

China is a major innovation hotspot and one of our strategically
most important growth markets. Cornerstones of our strategy are
further localization via our Healthcare and Life Science production
sites in Nantong and the OLED application center in Shanghai, the
engagement of key stakeholders in the local environment and tap-
ping into the Chinese innovation ecosystem via our future innovation
hubs in Shanghai and Guangzhou. The establishment of both these
hubs is already well underway, with scheduled openings in the second
half of 2019. Together they will create a strong platform for us and
our partners to drive innovation, while also significantly contributing
to the range of our activities and general footprint in China.

People

Merck’s People Strategy aims at building the capability of the organi-
zation to shape the future and to address how we as a science and
technology company can create a working environment that meets
our employees’ individual needs and allows curiosity to unfold. Our
growth strategy calls for people with diverse experience and back-
grounds who work together on the basis of shared values to create
innovation and respond flexibly to changing demands.

Moreover, it is crucial to be perceived as an attractive employer
in the market in order to continue to capture the interest of potential
employees. The fact that we rank among the world’s best employers
was also confirmed by the distinction as “Global Top Employer 2018”
by the Dutch Top Employers Institute. In addition, we were ranked
fifth among employers worldwide in the field of biotechnology and
pharmaceutics by Science magazine, a leading peer-reviewed inter-
national scientific publication.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Strategy

63

Our leaders play a decisive role in our new “People Strategy”. We
aim to place next to our employees leaders who will develop them
for future requirements, not just current needs, and foster the diver-
sity and unique strengths within the organization. At the same time,
we want the leadership style of our managers to enable strategic
innovation. On top of this, we promote curious talents who can solve
complex problems and are passionate about the work they do. We
will also strengthen results-driven teams and networks by valuing
team collaboration and providing flexible frames for teams and indi-
viduals to drive.

In this process, it is our goal to take data-driven decisions, both
when hiring new members of staff and in the personnel development
of employees (people analytics). Another element of this strategy is
the promotion of diversity, with a special focus on women and talent
in Asia, and the use of the unique strengths and understanding of
key customers and markets that these employees bring. We have to
value different perspectives and encourage constructive conflicts.

We place great importance on the continuous advanced training
and further development of our managers. This is essential for them
to address the diverse needs of their team members and the chang-
ing requirements of the businesses and of digitalization. Our leaders
are responsible for pushing our strategy ahead by building up the
right competences, thereby fostering innovation. As part of this, they
take calculated risks, set clear and inspiring direction to their employ-
ees and provide the requisite structures and resources.

In the context of the “People Strategy” we also want to look at
new forms of cooperation and experiment with methods that result
in better decision-making. For example, pilot initiatives focus on
expanding the “Merck Science Network” further. Through this project
we are promoting the establishment of a science community within
the company to accelerate the exchange of innovative ideas and
improve the collaboration between all employees in the Research
and Development sector. In the Healthcare sector, we have begun
to deepen the awareness of unbiased decision-making. We want to
support leaders to help them reflect on their decision-making pro-
cesses and take unbiased decisions.
Combined Management Report

64

Technology
Our priority area “Technology” is twofold. It is inherent in our business
sectors through our innovations, product pipelines and digitalization
strategies. In addition, the ways in which we address cross-sector
innovations is reflected in our approach to potentially disruptive tech-
nologies. It covers the closely interlinked areas of innovation and
digitalization. Developing and marketing innovative products and
services are at the forefront of our Group strategy and all the busi-
ness strategies. Our objective is to foster innovations both within the
businesses and between them as well as beyond existing businesses
into areas in which we are not yet active. In particular, we want to
capture the opportunities that digitalization offers in order to create
value for patients, customers and business associates. To us, digi-
talization means the digital integration of our entire value chain, the
digitalization of our products, services and communication interfaces
to customers as well as the development of new digital business
models. This is supported by state-of the-art methods to collect
and analyze vast amounts of data. Another example is Syntropy,
our intended joint venture with Palantir Technologies to advance
cancer research. Syntropy is expected to empower scientists and
research centers with a collaborative technology platform to advance
cancer research, help drive scientific discovery and improve human
lives. Research institutions around the world are generating a rapidly
growing amount of biomedical data, but much of it is trapped in
silos within and between institutions. Today, this critical data is often
inaccessible to the scientists and clinicians who need it to advance
their work. Syntropy aims to unlock the value of this untapped data,
enabling the world’s leading experts to collaborate in the fight against
cancer and many other diseases.

Furthermore, we opened our Innovation Center in Darmstadt as
a Group-wide infrastructural commitment to our science- and tech-
nology-driven growth. The Innovation Center aims to develop entirely
new businesses beyond the current spectrum as well as bring
together people, scientific expertise, technologies and skills from
different areas under one roof. Our cross- and beyond-sector inno-
vation offers incremental and disruptive ideas and aims to keep us
ahead of the game. We are focusing on our activities within three
core innovation fields of interest: Liquid Biopsy, Clean Meat and
Biosensing and Interfaces. With liquid biopsies, a variety of diseases
can be diagnosed through the detection of biomarkers in body fluids.
This could be a key technology for early disease detection and for
expanding the delivery of precision medicine to more patients. The
innovation field Clean Meat comprises technological innovations to
meet the world’s growing demand for protein- and nutrient-dense
foods made by ethical, eco-friendly methods. The innovation field of
Biosensing and Interfaces focuses on the integration of electronics
with the human body to create a digital human/biological interface.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Strategy

This could enable faster and more accurate (remote) health moni-
toring and treatment.

Additionally we focus on disruptive innovation beyond our cur-
rently established business sectors. To achieve innovation success,
we transform ideas into businesses through different pathways. They
include M Ventures, the strategic corporate venture capital fund of
Merck, with a total volume of € 300 million. M Ventures invests in
promising start-ups and businesses within our core business areas
and in innovations outside these areas by providing financial and/or
strategic value. Furthermore, our Digital Office works to generate
new digital business opportunities within our areas of expertise.
It also supports the existing businesses in selecting digital projects
where maximum value for Merck can be generated. The Innovation
Ecosystem is responsible for scouting, ideating and delivering new
internal projects across and beyond Merck’s current scope.

Merck’s transformation towards a science and technology com-
pany is evident at our Darmstadt site, which we are growing into a
center of excellence for science and technology. Our largest site in
the world already stands for excellent research and development as
well as production that creates value. Darmstadt is the only site at
which all three Merck business sectors have a presence. In addition
to being global Group headquarters, Darmstadt is home to our Exec-
utive Board and Group functions. At our new Innovation Center in
Darmstadt, internal and external experts collaborate on identifying
trends of significance to our business and markets as well as gener-
ating technology-driven growth going forward. All in all, this site
offers a very good foundation for implementing our Group strategy
successfully.

Business strategies

HEALTHCARE

Our Healthcare business sector comprises the Biopharma and Aller-
gopharma businesses. Our businesses specialize in key franchises
and specific diseases. Global megatrends such as a growing world
population and an increase in average life expectancy continue to
drive the demand for our healthcare products. To meet these
demands and respond appropriately to the dynamics of our healthcare
markets, we have significantly transformed our Healthcare business
sector in recent years.

Following on from the successes over the past two years, we
continue to drive pipeline projects with the aim of bringing ground-
breaking medicines to patients, maximizing our existing portfolio and
continuing our expansion in growth markets. The ambition of the
Healthcare business sector is to become a global specialty innovator,
operating in franchises with significant unmet medical need and
Combined Management Report

bringing high value to patients and consumers. Therefore, we con-
tinue to invest in research and development to discover new treat-
ment options and improve existing ones. Together with our stake-
holders and partners, we want to ensure that people can access the
medicines they need to stay healthy and live longer.

The first pillar of our strategy is to reinforce our global footprint,
e.g. bringing the innovation of our pipeline to patients and grow our
presence in the United States and in China. The emerging markets
and China are expected to be the largest growth driver for our
established products in the future. Managing the balance between
delivery of innovative medicines while expanding reach and ensur-
ing profitable growth of the existing business will be one of the
strategic challenges.

The second pillar of our strategy is the focus on specialty medi-
cine franchises. Here, we expect oncology, immuno-oncology and
immunology markets to remain highly attractive in terms of size,
growth prospects, and profitability. Within each specialty franchise,
our approach is to develop deep internal expertise and insight from
internal research to commercialization, augmented by external talent
sourcing, strategic partnering and asset acquisitions. Fertility and
Endocrinology offer significant opportunities to bring value to patients,
with high profitability and growth potential; maximizing the commer-
cial potential of these areas will remain important.

The third pillar of our aspiration is innovation: to develop high-
quality, first-to-market and best-in-class therapies, and to build a
portfolio in each of our franchises. We have streamlined our pipeline
and expanded our innovation capabilities with strong investigational
drug candidates. In order to maximize the output of our R&D invest-
ments and increase our chances of success in discovering and devel-
oping new therapies, we focus our expertise on specific franchises
and are exploiting synergies in disease mechanisms and biological
pathways. We are investing in digital technologies as well as person-
alized and translational medicine in order to drive continued pipeline
success.

In this context, strategic collaborations are an integral part of
delivering on our commitment to transforming the lives of patients
living with serious unmet medical needs. We recognize the value
of collaboration in the research and development of breakthrough
therapies, as well as in strengthening our current portfolio. Here, we
focus on balancing the right blend of internal capabilities and exter-
nal partnerships, building strong collaborations with other leaders in
the industry.

On December 1, 2018, we announced the completion of the sale
of our Consumer Health business to Procter & Gamble. The divest-
ment of Consumer Health was aligned with our strategy of focusing
on our pipeline of innovative medicines.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Strategy

65

LIFE SCIENCE

Since closing the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich, in November 2015,
Life Science’s organic sales growth has exceeded that of the industry
and has remained the highest among integrated peers.

The Life Science business sector is executing an ambitious strat-
egy to capture near-term opportunities and to invest for future growth.
Our integration is on track, and we have consistently outperformed
the market during the largest integration in our history and that of
the industry.

Our aspiration remains to reinforce our leadership position as a
tools and equipment supplier that is solving the toughest problems
in life science. This has allowed us to achieve quality growth with a
well-leveraged balance sheet.

To sustain our leadership for the future, Life Science has estab-
lished a strategy based on three key pillars:

1. Ensure operational excellence by focusing on creating value,
building a strong organization and implementing consistent
processes

2. Strengthen the core organization by rejuvenating chemistry
and reagents, expanding our leadership in bioprocessing, con-
tinuing to access new growth areas and strengthening our
e-commerce platform to maintain our leadership position

3. Establish new growth pillars through our four strategic initia-
tives: Gene Editing & Novel Modalities, BioReliance® End-to-End
Solutions, BioContinuum® Platform and BrightLab™.

We began the year 2018 with a recently signed commercial sup-
ply agreement to manufacture viral vectors for bluebird bio, Inc., of
Cambridge (Massachusetts, United States), a clinical-stage company
that develops potentially transformative gene and cell therapies for
severe genetic diseases and T-cell-based immunotherapies for cancer.
As part of the multi-year agreement, we will manufacture lentiviral
vectors for bluebird bio’s drug products developed to treat a variety
of rare genetic diseases.

Throughout 2018, we streamlined our business through inte-
grating strategic initiatives, such as single-use technologies for Bio-
processing, into the base business. We expanded our foundational
intellectual property for our CRISPR technology with patents in key
markets in Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Europe. We also expanded
our business sector through the opening of new facilities throughout
Asia and South America.

Looking ahead, we expect our strategy to continue to deliver net
sales growth ahead of the market and maintain our market leading
EBITDA pre margin. Our priorities for 2019 are to continue to support
new growth pillars with our Gene Editing & Novel Modalities offerings,
as well as differentiated gene editing tools, drug safety systems and
models, and clinical viral manufacturing. In addition, we will further
develop our BioReliance® End-to-End Solutions, a service offering for
process development and manufacturing for emerging biotechs as
well as our BioContinuum™ Platform, to address intensified biopro-
cessing and continuous manufacturing. We will also focus on expand-
ing the use of BrightLab™, our digital ecosystem for complete lab
management.
Combined Management Report

66

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS

Performance Materials targets attractive end markets that are driven
by megatrends: digitalization, urbanization, mobility and affluency
will drive advanced electronic systems with semiconductors at their
heart. As a result, electronics demand is expected to grow for the
foreseeable future. Roughly 80% of our sales are currently linked to
the electronics market, which of course includes our Semiconductor
Solutions and Display Solutions business units, but also parts of
Surface Solutions.

The remaining 20% of our sales relate to the automotive and
cosmetics market served by Surface Solutions. We expect demand
in these segments to likewise benefit from global trends such as
increasing affluency in developing countries.

Within the electronics market, we are active in the field of semi-
conductor and display solutions, targeting a material market of
about € 85 billion. We are already one of the largest players in this
field, while operating in selected and highly attractive market seg-
ments. In coming years, we expect that the market for liquid crystal
materials for TVs - still our largest business and one of the most
attractive - will continue to decline. For us, after 2019, this devel-
opment is expected to be more than offset by growth in OLED mate-
rials and photoresists as well as in semiconductor materials and our
solutions for surfaces. As a result, we want to achieve an attractive
average sales growth of 2-3% after 2019 and to generate EBITDA
pre margins of around 30%, substantially above the specialty chem-
icals industry average.

We have a solid foundation: a strong global customer network,
a proven track record of delivering high-tech solutions, an efficient
production infrastructure and the highest quality standards through-
out the industry. Our innovative solutions allow us to establish inti-
mate and long-term customer relationships, and understand the
changing requirements of end customers in markets as diverse as
consumer electronics, automotive and cosmetics.

The market segments we operate in represent a well-balanced mix
of new and fast-growing areas (such as deposition materials in Semi-
conductor Solutions or OLED materials in Display Solutions), but also
more mature segments where we have established ourselves as the
clear market leader (liquid crystals for Display Solutions, for example,
or pearlescent pigments used for coatings).

Fundamental Information about the Group

Strategy

Our priorities are:

e Focus on the attractive electronics market to achieve long-term
organic growth perspective of 2-3% per year (CAGR)

e Allocate our resources more efficiently to maintain an above-
industry EBITDA pre margin of around 30%

e Actively manage our portfolio and expand our partnership network

e Foster our customer-centric orientation with an integrated R&D
approach to better serve market and customer needs

Strategic finance and dividend policy

We are pursuing a conservative financial policy characterized by the
following aspects:

FINANCIAL FLEXIBILITY AND A CONSERVATIVE FUNDING
STRATEGY

We ensure that we can fulfill our obligations at all times. In this
context, we pursue a conservative, proactive financing strategy in
which we deploy a variety of financial instruments. We have diver-
sified and profitable business activities as the basis for our strong
and sustainable cash flow generation capacity. In addition, we have
several sources of financing, including a € 2 billion syndicated loan
facility that was renewed in 2018 and is in place until 2023 to cover
any unexpected cash needs. The facility is a pure back-up credit
facility and has not been drawn on so far. In addition, we have a
commercial paper program with a volume of € 2 billion at our dis-
posal. Within the scope of this program, we can issue short-term
commercial paper with a maturity of up to one year. Furthermore,
in 2018 we used bilateral bank loan agreements with first-class banks
in order to optimize the funding structure and cost.

The bond market additionally represents a key source of financ-
ing. The most recent bond issues took place in 2014 and 2015 in
connection with the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich. They have terms
that run to 2025, with the first redemption options for hybrid bonds
in 2021 and 2024. The use of various instruments provides a broad
financing basis and addresses different investor groups.
Combined Management Report

MAINTAINING SUSTAINABLE AND RELIABLE BUSINESS
RELATIONS WITH A CORE GROUP OF BANKS

We mainly work with a well-diversified, financially stable and reliable
group of banks. Due to Merck’s long-term-oriented business approach,
bank relationships typically last for many years and are characterized
by professionalism and trust. The banking group consists of banks
with strong capabilities and expertise in various products and geo-
graphic regions. We regard these banks as strategic partners. Accord-
ingly, we involve them in important financing transactions.

STRONG INVESTMENT-GRADE RATING

The rating of our creditworthiness by external rating agencies is an
important indicator of the company’s financial stability. A strong
investment-grade rating is an important cornerstone of Merck’s finan-

Fundamental Information about the Group

Strategy

67

cial policy, as it safeguards access to capital markets at attractive
financial conditions. Merck currently has a Baa1 rating from Moody’s,
an A rating from Standard & Poor’s (S&P), and an A- rating from
Scope, each with a stable outlook.

DIVIDEND POLICY
We are pursuing a sustainable dividend policy. Provided that the
economic environment develops in a stable manner, the current div-
idend represents the minimum level for future dividend proposals.
The dividend policy is oriented towards the business development
and earnings increase of the coming years. However, dividend growth
could deviate, for example, within the scope of restructuring or in
the event of significant global economic developments. We aim for a
target corridor of 20% to 25% of earnings per share pre.
Fundamental Information about the Group

68 Combined Management Report Internal Management System

Internal Management System

As a global company with a diverse portfolio of products and services, | The Value Creation and Financial KPI Pyramid, which summarizes

we use a comprehensive framework of indicators to manage perfor- _—_ the important financial performance measures of the Merck Group,

mance. The most important KPI (key performance indicator) to reflects the comprehensive framework of financial KPIs to steer

measure performance is EBITDA pre’. the businesses and prioritize the allocation of cash resources. It
consists of three managerial dimensions, namely Merck Group,
Business and Projects, each of which require the use of different
indicators.

Net Sales,
Merck Group EBITDA pre, BFCF

Net income, EPS,
Dividend ratio,
Credit rating

MEVA

Business

Projects

Abbreviations

EBITDA pre! = Earnings before interest, income tax, depreciation and amortization as well as adjustments
EPS = Earnings per share

MEVA! = Merck value added

BFCF' = Business free cash flow

ROCE? = Return on capital employed

NPV! = Net present value

IRR! = Internal rate of return

eNPV'! = expected Net present value

PoS! = Probability of success

M&A = Mergers & Acquisitions

1Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs).
Combined Management Report

Key performance indicators of
the Group and its businesses

The three key performance indicators of net sales, EBITDA pre and
business free cash flow are the most important factors for assessing
operational performance. Therefore, we refer to these KPIs in the
Report on Economic Position, the Report on Risks and Opportunities,
and in the Report on Expected Developments. As the most important
indicators of financial business performance, the KPIs are key ele-
ments of our performance management system.

MERCK GROUP

Net sales?

€ million

Net sales

Fundamental Information about the Group

Internal Management System

69

NET SALES

Net sales are defined as the revenues from the sale of goods, services
rendered to external customers, commission income and profit-sharing
from collaborations, net of value added tax and after sales deductions
such as rebates or discounts. Net sales are the main indicator of our
business growth and therefore an important parameter of external as
well as internal performance measurement. In addition, acquisition-
and currency-adjusted sales are used for internal performance man-
agement. Organic sales growth shows the percentage change in net
sales versus a comparative period, adjusted for exchange rate and
portfolio effects. Exchange rate effects may arise as a result of foreign
exchange fluctuation between the functional non-euro currency of a
consolidated company and the reporting currency (euro). By contrast,
portfolio effects reflect sales changes due to acquisitions and divest-
ments of consolidated companies or businesses.

Change
2018 2017 € million in %
14,836 14,517 319 2.2%

1Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial

Statements.

EBITDA PRE

EBITDA pre is the main performance indicator measuring ongoing
operational profitability and is used internally and externally. To
provide an alternative understanding of the underlying operational
performance, it excludes from the operating result depreciation and
amortization, impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses
as well as adjustments. These adjustments are restricted to the
following categories: integration expenses, IT expenses for selected

MERCK GROUP

Reconciliation EBIT to EBITDA pre?2

projects, restructuring expenses, gains/losses on the divestment
of businesses, acquisition expenses, and other adjustments. The
classification of specific income and expenses as adjustments follows
clear rules and underlies strict governance at Group level. Within
the scope of internal performance management, EBITDA pre allows
for the necessary changes or restructuring without penalizing the
performance of the operating business.

Change
€ million 2018 2017 € million in %
Operating result (EBIT)? 1,727 2,423 -696 -28.7%
Depreciation and amortization 1,743 1,742 1 -
Impairment losses/reversals of impairment losses 58 -1 58 >100.0%
EBITDA2 3,528 4,164 -636 -15.3%
Restructuring expenses 46 61 -15 - 24.6%
Integration expenses/IT expenses 142 188 -46 -24.4%
Gains (-)/losses (+) on the divestment of businesses 25 -310 335 >100.0%
Acquisition-related adjustments 2 63 -61 -97.2%
Other adjustments 58 81 -23 -28.1%
EBITDA pre? 3,800 4,246 -446 -10.5%

1Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial

Statements.
2Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs).
Combined Management Report

70

BUSINESS FREE CASH FLOW (BFCF)

Business free cash flow comprises the major cash-relevant items that
the operating businesses can influence and are under their full control.
It comprises EBITDA pre less investments in property, plant and
equipment, software, advance payments for intangible assets, changes

MERCK GROUP

Business free cash flow?

Fundamental Information about the Group

Internal Management System

in inventories, trade accounts receivable as well as receivables from
royalties and licenses. To manage working capital on a regional and
local level, the businesses use the two indicators days sales out-
standing and days in inventory.

Change

€ million 2018 2017 € million in %
EBITDA pre? 3,800 4,246 -446 -10.5%
Investments in property, plant and equipment as well as software and

advance payments for intangible assets -932 -1,012 80 -7.9%
Changes in inventories -214 -18 -197 >100.0%
Changes in trade accounts receivable as well as receivables

from royalties and licenses -145 -22 -123 >100.0%
Elimination first-time consolidation of BioControl Systems - -2 2 -
Business free cash flow? 2,508 3,193 -685 -21.4%

1Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial

Statements.
2Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs).

Investments and value management

Sustainable value creation is essential to secure the long-term
success of the company. To optimize the allocation of financial
resources, we use a defined set of parameters as criteria for the
prioritization of investment opportunities and portfolio decisions.

NET PRESENT VALUE

The main criterion for the prioritization of investment opportunities
is net present value. It is based on the discounted cash flow method
and is calculated as the sum of the discounted free cash flows over
the projection period of a project. The weighted average cost of
capital (WACC), representing the weighted average of the cost of
equity and cost of debt, is used as the discount rate. Depending on
the type and location of a project, different mark-ups are applied to
the WACC.

INTERNAL RATE OF RETURN (IRR)

The internal rate of return is a further important criterion for the
assessment of acquisition projects and investments in property,
plant and equipment as well as intangible assets. It is the discount
rate that makes the present value of all future free cash flows equal
to the initial investment or the purchase price of an acquisition.
A project adds value if the internal rate of return is higher than the
weighted cost of capital including mark-ups.

RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED (ROCE)

In addition to NPV and IRR, when looking at individual accounting
periods, ROCE is an important metric for the assessment of invest-
ment projects. It is calculated as the adjusted operating result (EBIT)
pre divided by the sum of property, plant and equipment, intangible
assets, trade accounts receivable and trade accounts payable, as well
as inventories.

PAYBACK PERIOD

An additional parameter to prioritize investments in property, plant
and equipment as well as intangible assets is the payback period,
which indicates the time in years after which an investment will
generate positive net cash flow.

MERCK VALUE ADDED (MEVA)

MEVA gives information about the financial value created in a period.
Value is created when the return on capital employed (ROCE) of the
company or the business is higher than the weighted average cost
of capital (WACC). MEVA metrics provide us with a powerful tool to
weigh investment and spending decisions against capital require-
ments and investors’ expectations.
Combined Management Report

Capital market-related parameters

NET INCOME, EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS) AND
EARNINGS PER SHARE PRE (EPS PRE)?

Earnings per share are calculated by dividing profit after tax attri-
butable to the shareholders of Merck KGaA (net income) by the
weighted average number of theoretical shares outstanding. The use
of a theoretical number of shares takes into account the fact that the
general partner's capital is not represented by shares. To provide an
alternative view, we also report earnings per share pre, in other
words after the elimination of the effects of integration expenses,

Fundamental Information about the Group

Internal Management System

71

IT expenses for selected projects, restructuring expenses, gains/
losses on the divestment of businesses, acquisition expenses and
other adjustments. Moreover, amortization of acquired intangible
assets as well as impairment losses on property, plant and equipment
and intangible assets are eliminated. The adjustment excludes
impairment losses on intangible assets for acquired research and
development (R&D) projects below a threshold value of € 50 million.
Income tax is calculated on the basis of the company’s underlying
tax rate. The following table presents the reconciliation of net income
to net income pre for the calculation of EPS pre.

RECONCILIATION OF NET INCOME TO NET INCOME PRE?-2
Change

€ million 2018 2017 € million in %
Net income 3,374 2,605 769 29.5%
Non-controlling interests 22 10 12 >100.0%
Profit after tax from discontinued operation -2,303 -57 -2,246 >100.0%
Income tax 368 -428 796 >100.0%
Amortization of acquired intangible assets 1,175 1,198 -23 -1.9%
Adjustments? 327 64 264 >100.0%
Income taxes on the basis of the underlying tax rate? -741 -814 73 -9.0%
Non-controlling interests to be adjusted -3 -3 - 0.4%
Net income pre? 2,219 2,574 -355 -13.8%
Earnings per share pre? (in €) 5.10 5.92 -0.82 -13.9%

1Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial

Statements.
2Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs).

CREDIT RATING

The rating of our creditworthiness by external agencies is an important
indicator with respect to our ability to raise debt capital at attractive
market conditions. The capital market makes use of the assessments
published by independent rating agencies in order to assist debt
providers in estimating the risks associated with a financial instru-
ment. We are currently assessed by Moody’s, Standard & Poor's and
Scope. The most important factor for the credit rating is the ability
to repay debt, which is determined in particular by the ratio of oper-
ating cash flow to net financial debt.

DIVIDEND RATIO

With the aim of ensuring an attractive return for our shareholders,
we are pursuing a reliable dividend policy with a target payout ratio
based on EPS pre (see definition above).

Other relevant/non-financial
performance measures

Apart from the indicators of the financial performance of the busi-
nesses, non-financial measures also play an important role in fur-

thering the success of the company. From a Group perspective,
specifically innovations in the businesses as well as the attraction
and retention of highly qualified employees are of central impor-
tance.

INNOVATION

Innovations are the foundation of our business and will also be the
prerequisite for future success in changing markets. We are con-
tinuously working to develop new products and service innovations
for patients and customers. Indicators for the degree of innovation
are defined individually depending on the specifics of the respective
businesses.

TALENT RETENTION

Employing a highly qualified and motivated workforce is the basis
for achieving our ambitious business goals. Therefore, we put a
strong focus on establishing the processes and the environment
needed to attract and retain the right talent with the right capabilities
at the right time. To measure the success of the related measures,
we have implemented talent retention as an important non-financial
indicator.
72

Corporate Responsibility

1 7)-+27)073/"&3:$141-5) 76705) (+5) 7) +&() 8+67)$” 7&) C&R, ) 3") 90)
=53<)years. This commitment is codified in our corporate strategy
+&()values. Responsible conduct with respect to employees, prod=
ucts, the environment and society is a fundamental prerequisite
9"'0)our business success.

8).&)(97!&$%!:&$&9I(? ($)

Our corporate responsibility (CR) activities are steered by our CR Com=
mittee, which consists of representatives from our business sectors
and relevant Group functions. The Chairman of the Executive Board
+&()CEO is responsible for the committee, which is chaired by the head
of the Group Corporate Responsibility unit.

Humankind is being confronted with global societal challenges
such as climate change, resource scarcity and insufficient access to

IU FESR? ()* 484,” #7 B-) 770-1" #$ H&’ ($)&*14$,-. &)/-$!&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

—!4-.3-.&)(15(63-$6/0/*/)7

healthcare in low- and middle-income countries. Responsible gov=
ernance can help solve these global issues. We believe that in pur=
suing this approach, we can also strengthen our financial performance.)
In 2018, we strategically repositioned ourselves: We focus even more
on creating sustainable value for both our company and society. To
achieve this, we are taking a shared value approach. We have adapted)
our three strategic spheres of activity to bring them more in line with
our business. These spheres are organized under the headings of
“Global Health”, “Sustainable Solutions” and “Broad Minds”. We focus
our resources on those areas where we can have the greatest impact.
The effects our actions have on society — such as the development
of new products - should be considered strategically in their own
right. Needless to say, we respect the interests of our employees,
customers, investors and the community, and work to minimize
”-8ical, economic and social risks, thereby sustainably contributing
to our long-term corporate success.

UU FESR? ()* 484, 7H? &-) 7 /"0-!__!"#$ H&’ ($) &*14$,-. &)/-$!&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

Global Health: In low- and middle-income countries, many people
lack access to high-quality health solutions. We join forces with part=
ners to provide local solutions and develop treatments for neglected
tropical diseases in Africa. For instance, we are using praziquantel
tablets to fight schistosomiasis. Through our Global Health Institute,
we are developing diagnostics, therapies and preventive solutions to
address infectious diseases such as malaria and therapeutic chal=
lenges such as antimicrobial resistance.

Sustainable Solutions: We are constantly working to improve the
sustainability footprint of our products —- even during their use phase -
which also helps our customers achieve their own sustainability goals.)
To this end, we have established systematic approaches for product
development such as Design for Sustainability, a program within our
Life Science business sector that allows us to assess the sustaina=
$ity of our products during development. Product developers use
various tools, such as product lifecycle analyses.

4-3 -.&)(15(63-$6/0/*/)7

73

Broad Minds: As a science and technology company, we endeavor
to excite people about science, inspire curiosity and help creativity
to soar. Our goal is to strengthen our reputation in the field of science,)
especially in those areas where we have particular expertise. We not
only support educational programs for schools, but also back pioneer=
ing research at institutes of higher learning. Reflecting the way that
music and literature inspire people, we promote a range of cultural
initiatives worldwide. Creativity and curiosity are the bedrock of sci=
ence, culture and art, and also underpin our holistic approach.

Our corporate responsibility efforts are aligned with the United
Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), and we are
working to help achieve this ambitious agenda by 2030. In addition
-")/0" ##"-4&,)-8”)SDGs, we also support relevant responsible gov=
ernance initiatives. Through our membership in the UN Global Com=
pact we are committed to upholding the Compact’s principles on
human rights, labor standards, environmental protection and anti-
corruption. We ensure that we live our own corporate responsibility

1"#$ % &?()*+&4,# &-)27"0-

74

/0%8&1%/2’3)$4)5"22" 6%o8.,)-T’),8%(2%83)"5)-7’). 3!" &3%$2’)!+0’)92"$+2)
1740-"(:)67% 17) %3)+8&)%o& %o-Jo+~%0:°)"5)-T’) <8" 08 4~ Jo" &A2)!"B&1%2)"5)!7 HI
142)>33"1%+-Jo" 83> @A).’3/"&3%S$2’)40")+%H3-"V 2-7?) —-«'T?#% 142)
Jo8(83-04) &T7+8 1”) %o-3Y' 8: %0" SH’ &-+2:)7 +2-T)4& (345-40 "OH & 1A)
B’)+0°)+23")+)#'#9’0)"5)-7°) !77#%” ©)% 8 %-Jo+-To:’) To8) 9’ O#t+&A:) +) ED
24$"04-J%o" &)8’-6" &-T’)9°O#+8&)!7'#% 1 +2)< &(83-04) >33"1%+-%o" &D!< @:)
-7°)9° O#4-&)E#/2"4’ 03F)G’ (’0+-%"&)"5)-T)IT# %1+2)<&(83-04)I>D! @)
+8()-7')9? OH &)* 18 Jo8,:!7 #Jo142)+&()E&’0,4)<8&(83-0%+2)1&%"& —-)2<9)
HIE @A)J7%3),2"$+224)8& %K8" )+22%+8&1’)3""L3)-")#+L’)383-+%&4$%2%-4)-+
1"0°)/+40-)"5)-7°) 17° #% 142) %8&(83-04F3) 8 Jo %o8,)/0%8&1%/2’3)+8&()-")(0%;’)
-T°Y3? 1-"0F3Y"3%o-Jo" 86 %o-T To&)-T 9" Ot &) 1" 8"H#4)4+3)H)L’ A)" &-0%SB8-"0 +)
-")383-+% 84 $2°)(7y 2" &-A
J")83:)1"0/"04-7)0"3/"&3%$%2%-A VHF’ +&3)2%3-’ & Mo 8, + 8()-+¢LG&, + 1-%"&2)
+&()3")6° V241”),0° +-)%oH#/"0-+& 1’)"&N +2" 8’ }6%-)"80):+0%"83)3-+L’ =
"2 O3A)IT’ 3’ )3-+L’7"2(’ 03) %&128(°Y #/2"4°3:)$83%&’ 33433" 1%+-"3:)
-TY OL) 544#%24:) %&:’ 3-"03:)0",82+-"04)+,’ &1%’ 3)+&()%&(83-04)+33" =
1%+-Jo" &3A)IT%3)1" &-%o&8"83) M17+&,’)10°+-"3)-0+&3/+0’ & 14)+-&()12’+024)
(#"&3-04-"3)7"6)6")2%:°)"80);+28°3A)<&)0" 1",& %o-%o" &)"5)" BON? (Jo 1 +=" &)
-")0°3/"&3%$2’)+8()383-+%&+$2’)$83%&’33)/0+1-% 1"3:)6")6'0")+,4-%8&)

1" H#$ % &" ($)&*!4+$,-." &)/-$!&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

——!4-.3-.&)(15(63-$6/0/*/)7

#4+240%+)+&()"-7'0) G&S? 1-%o"83) (M3? +3” 3) 67% 2’) T’ 2/%8,)-")$8%2()2"1+2)
14/4+1%-4)+10"33)-7’):+28’)17+% &)+8&()/"3%-Jo" & %o8,)"80) 1"#/+&4)+3)+)
2? +(%o&,)+8&()0’2%+$2’ 40-8 0A

JT’ YPQRS)>11°33)")*? (G1 %&K’)<& ML" &-%&B" 3)-" 0+ &L)83)%&)S"80-7)
/2+1 A)Ey’04)-6") 4’ +03:)-7%3) %&(’M) +33°33’3)-7°) 6"02(F3) 2’+(%&,)
/T+O#+ 1’ 8-%1+2) L"#/+&%’ 3)"&)+1-Jo;Jo-%o’ 3) +8() Jo&o-To+-Joy 3)-T 4) 141’)
Jott 2? # &~’ (-"WO"#"~” + 11°33)-"F (Fo 1 M08’ MBN? 3? 2"/%BC,)L" B&-0%3A)
B’)0° 1%’ ()/4+0-%182+0) 0" 1",& %-%" &)5"0) 2’ +(Jo&,) /0+1-% 1’ 3) 3817) +3)
*3-4$2%37 %o&,)"80)92" $42) ]’+2-7) <&3-%-8-’)-")+11’2’0+-’)0°3’+017)+&()
CP 2"8 &-)2._@)-40,’-%o&,)317%3-"3"#%43I%03: H+ 2+0%+)+-& ()S-+ 10% +2)
Jo85? 1-To"&3:)3-0' &,-T & M08, "HT 8"? &)To88e"s+- To" KB 3-4 $
2% 37 Jo8,)-7’) 41-41% -4) > (4 & V# &-) [0" 0-44) -") %#/0":) +1133) -")
$70) %+$" "3:1 +81’ OTA 0~’ 83%" & H+ 8()S’0-%2%-ALT 041% 3) %E)BE(0
3°07'()0°,%"&3A

Strengthen the availability of healthcare solutions

We research, develop and refine healthcare solutions that address
S&H -)&?? (3:)-+%2"0%&,)-T’ #)~")2" 142)’ & FO" &#? &-3A)B%-7)-7’)* OL)
Global Health Institute, we have defined a comprehensive portfolio

2%3-’()"&)-7’) GINEO9""() %& (7M) %&)PQRSA)<& 1283%" &) %&)-7%3)2’ +(Jo8!'S).© WO" 1-3)-")(77 2") MB’ O+~’ (7? +2-7)3"28- Fo" &3AIIT%3)%&128(°3)
Jo8e-08+-Jo" &A2)383-+To& 4 $To2%-4)Zo8M)%3)" & 2A" 33%$2’ )%SH)L"H/+KA PB? +-H# &-3:)\(Jo+, 8" 3-Mo1 3: WO" y &-To: +380" 34, + %&3-)M&S’ 1-Jo" &3)+&()

3-0% 8,” &-)3" 1 M22)’ & JO" SH? &-+2)+&()’-7Jo1+2)$' 7+; %"0)10%0%+A)

T80),""()3-+8( %&,) %o&)"-T O}#+U"0)383-+% &+$%2%-4)% 8% 1’ 3)6+3)+23")
#4+% 8&-+%&’ () Jo&) PQRS:) 6%-7)" 80) %& 1283%" &) &INTIWV )92"$+2) END )
W’+(°03) %&(’M:)-7°) E80"&’M-) D%,’")E80"X"&’) RPQ) %&(’M)+&()-7’)
E-798'2)N83-+%8&+$%2%-4)<&(’NIN<@)EM1’22’ &1)E80"/’A)<&)’ +024)PQRY:)
EL"D+(%3:)+&)%&CT 8 &-)O+-%&,)+,’ &14:),0+8-’ ()83)9"2()3-+-83)5"0)
"0)383-+%&+$%2%-4)/’05"O#+& 1’ A) E1"D+(%3) +33" 33”3) +0"8&() OZ:QQQ)
38//2%’03)50"#)RZQ) 1"8&-0%"3)+10"33)-77)5"80) 1+-”,"0%'3)"S)E&:%0"& =
# &-)N"1%+2:)E-7% 13)+8()N83-+%&+$2’)[0"180'# &-A

8).&)(9/:163 1(.(1-,!& 7S!
2*-08&*!=(&*)1

T80)+%#)%3)-") 10°+-")+)7’ +2-7%’0)58-80")5"0)+22\)5"0) % 8&(%:%(8-+23:) L"# =
H8&%-J’ 3) +&() 1"8&-0%’3A)B’ )6+8&-)-")83”) 88" +-Fo" &) Jo&) 31%’ &1’) +8)
-7178&"2" 4)" %H#/0"s FT’ YT’ +2-7)"5)8&( 03’ 03’ (/"/82-+-%o" &3)% &)2"6=)
+8 ()H#% ((2’=VoE&1"#)L"8&-0% BA") 17% »’)-7%3:)6’ +0" )2’ :’ 0+, %&,)"80)
MI’ 0-%3’)50"#)+22)$83% &’ 33)3’ 1-"03)+&() 1"22+$"04+-%&,) 12"3°24)6%-7)-+)
6%’ )0+&,’)"5/+0-&’ 03 A)B’ +23" V-+0-% 1 %/+~’ )%o 8) %o&(83-04=6%(’ \%&Go-Jo+-%ovB
+&()6"0L)12"3’24)6%-7)"-7’0)$83%&’ 33°3)-")C 32") &’6)+//0"+17° 3A

In 2018, we refined our strategy for addressing the global needs
-7+-)%4#/+1-)+11°33)-")7? +2-71+0’ A)T80)3-0+-’ ,4)%3)( 3%, &’ ()-")"20 =
1"#°)$-400%’ 03)-")-+1 1°33)5"0)8&(’03’0;’ ()/"/82+-%" &3)+&() "#88 % =
-Jo°3)To&\’ 32" To&,)1"88-0% 3) %&H-)$83 %E&’ 33=W&-’ O+-’ (+ &()383-+% &+$2’)
manner, thereby creating “shared value”. For us, creating shared
[428° WP +83) 22"/% &,)$83 Yok’ 33H"? 23)-7+-)%E& 10" +3’ +7’ ):+-28" HE)
"#1? -%-Jo;’ &?33)"5)"80) L"#/+&4)4+-&()+-)-7’ 3-4’ )- To? )3"2:’ B&H’ -)
T42-T)&”’ (3)+&()$0%&,):+28’ )-")8&(03’ 03’ ()/"/82+-%o" &3A JB’ )6+.&-)
to be instrumental in the elimination of schistosomiasis and fight

+//0"+17°3)-")3-0" &,-7’ &)T’ +2-7)343-#3:)-+0,’-%&,)317%3-"3"#%+3%3:)
#4240%+)+&()$41-’ 0% +2) %&5’ 1-%o"&3A)IT’) <&3-%-8-’) "7 0+-"3) +3) +) 3" 1% +2)
$83% &’ 33)’ &-’0/0%3’ )(? 2%; 0% 8,) Jo& 8" + -%o" &3)5"0)-7’ H#"3-);82&’0+$2’ +) ‘)
6%-7)+)3/’ 1%+2)5" 183)" &)6"# & )4+-&()17%2(0? &)%I-T’ WC? 2" %o8&,)6"02(A)

37% 3)/"0-5"2%") +23") %o8&128(°3)-7) (7 2" AP &-)"5) +) &’ 6)’ (Go+-0%1)
5"0#82-+-%" &)"5VO+X WK8+8&-’2)-")-0" +-)-7’ )6"O#\(%3’ +3’ )317%3-"3"#%+3%3 +)
Jo8&)17 WO’ &)8&(?0)-7’)+,’)"5)3%M:)-70"8,7)-7’) [’ (Fo+-0% 1) [0+X%K8+&-’2)

"8 3"0-%8#:)67 % 17)%3)+V8$2.% 1=/0%:+~-’ /+0-&’ 037 %/A)*+0L’-%o&,)>8-7"0
X+-%"&)>/12% 1 +-To" &)%o3/2+&&’ ()5"0)PQPQ:)}+-&()6’)’ M/’ 1-)-7)/0"(81-)-" )
be ready to launch in the first endemic countries in Africa in 2021.

G"0)#+2+0%+:)6°) +0’) L"#/2’-%&,)-7’) [743° )<a<$)12%&%1+2)+1-%:%-%’ 3)
"5)"80)4+&-%o=#+2+0%+2) 1 "#/"8&(:)67%17)7+3)-7’ 12’ +0)/"~’ &-Jo+2-")-0" +-)
+&()/0" ;’ &-)#+24+0%+A)<&)-7’)(08,)(%31"’04)+0"+:)"80)3-0+4-,% 1)1"2 =
24+$"0+-%" &)6%-7)-T’ 1& %:’ 03%-4)"5)!4/ )I"6&) %&)N"8-7) >50% 1+)7+3)2’()
+)&’6)0°3° +017 + & (73 2" &-Y/2-+-5" O#A)<&)PQRS:)-7%3)1"224$"0+-Vo" & )
219081 28(%o&,)*’ (Jol % 8’ 3)5"0)*+2+0%+)D’ &-80’ @)6+3)’M-’ &(’()-")1"&-%&8’)
310° & %&, 4+ 1-%:%o-Jo’ 3)6%0-T)-T’ + Wo#t)"5) Fo’ &-JWo54 Go &, )&’6)-7 O41’ 8-% 1)3"28=
-Jo" &3)67%2’ )$8Fo2( Fo&,)8/)0 3’ +017) 14/41 %-4) %o&)+&()5"0)>50% 14+A)I7%3)/8"
O-+#)L"8&-%&8'3-")2’ :’ O+,’)"80/0"/0% -+04)17°#% 14+2)2%$0+04)"5 + 2#"3-)
RQQ:QQO)1"#/"8&(3")%(? &-%54)&’ 6)2’ +(/0" 0-+#3)5"0}-7’ +0’ +-#? &-)
"5)#+2-+0%+A)IT’ VO" O+#)%3)1"=588&(’ (1$4)-7’)9’ O#+8&)G’ (0+2)* %& %3-04 )
"5)E(814+-%" &)+&().3’+017A

B’Y742)C22"7 (H)L%-)5" O)H#+240% +) Yo+,&"3%3)$-+3° ()" &)"8O)*83? by)
1°22) &+24X’ OA)<-}+- %#3)-")41 180+-'24)(Yo+,8"3’ HH+2+0%+ + &()#?+380°)-7? +)
-4/’)"5)#4+240%+)/+04+3%-’)+3)6?22)+3)-7’) %o&5? 1-Jo"&)2’ Vv ZA)IT )#+240%+)
L%-)6+3)24+8&17’()5"0)0"3’ +017)83’)%&)PQRSA)>-)-7)’ &()"5)PQRS:)6’)
(%0°3-"(-T’ 17 & "2" ,4)/24-5" 0); 2"7’ $4)" 80)W%5’ N1 %’ & 1" )$83%

&’33)3’ 1-"0)-")-7’ IANA)2+$"0+-"04)38//2%’ 0) W8#% &’ M:)67% 17) %3)&"6)
H#+0L’-%&.,)-7’ )(Jo+,&"3-Jo1)L%-A)

Additionally, we are working towards demonstrating the efficacy

"5)"80)/0"(81-)<.CZCZ © )5"0)#+24+0%+)/0" 5’ &-%" &) Yo&)>50%1+A)IT’ )%&3’ 1-)
UU FESR? ()* 484, 7H? &-) 7 /"0-!__!"#$ H&’ ($) &*14$,-. &)/-$!&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

repellent is already used for complementary prevention from vec=
tor-borne diseases, such as dengue fever or >?@A. Products contain=
ing this active ingredient stand out due to their particularly good
tolerance in young children and pregnant women. In 2018, we
entered a collaboration to support the National Malaria Control Pro=
gram in Ghana. Here we develop malaria prevention solutions based
"&)?_25257C

Address a!lordability challenges

Through intellectual property initiatives and equitable pricing strat=
egies we are able to provide assistance to those people who are
unable to pay for the health solutions they need. Publicly available
databases enable us to be transparent about our patents and patent
applications. To strengthen our commitment to the London Decla=
0+tion to fight neglected tropical diseases, we formed a partnership
with the Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative (DNDi), under which
we are involved in the Drug Discovery Booster project for neglected
tropical diseases. The objective is to find potential cures for leish=
FF+844313)+& QC) 184, +3) (4374370)

A3)"&”)"9)##"07 )-8+8&)D<<)# ” #$”03)"9)WIPO Re:Search, an open
innovation platform sponsored by the World Intellectual Property
Organization (WIPO), we share intellectual property and knowledge
with the aim of accelerating early discovery for infectious diseases.
Through WIPO we are collaborating with the University of Buea
(Cameroon) and University of California San Diego (United States)
to find potential cures for onchocerciasis, leishmaniasis, Chagas dis=
ease and African trypanosomiasis (sleeping sickness).

We continue to work with the World Health Organization (1 EF)
to combat the worm disease schistosomiasis in Africa. In 2018, we
donated approximately 200 million praziquantel tablets for distribu=
tion in 34 African countries, and this year our donation program was
expanded to include Burkina Faso, Niger and Sierra Leone. We keep
production capacities at a level sufficient for manufacturing 250 mil=
lion tablets a year. Since 2007 we have supplied almost 900 million
tablets free of charge, which is equivalent to the treatment of around
360 million schoolchildren. As a founding member of the Global
Schistosomiasis Alliance, we are helping to eliminate schistosomiasis
worldwide.

Raising awareness

Health professionals, communities and patients are empowered
through access to the appropriate tools, knowledge and skills to help
them make informed decisions about prevention, diagnostics, treat=
ment and care. Our regular campaigns help to increase awareness
of certain diseases globally, with a focus on those diseases where we
have extensive expertise, such as cancer, thyroid disorders, diabetes
and multiple sclerosis. In addition, Merck has championed World
Malaria Day with awareness campaigns and through engagement
around the One Merck for Malaria program. In 2018, we hosted
76” &-3)in Ghana that created the opportunity for collaborations in
research and business activities to tackle preventive methods against
malaria. Via the Merck Foundation, a charitable organization, we bring

——14-.3-.&)(15(63-$6/0/*/)7 7 5

together some of our activities in underserved regions of the world.
Our Access Dialogues series promote discussion with numerous
pub4iG)+& ()/016+-”)3-+2” 8"4( 7 03)"&)+GG” 33=-""=8 ” +4-8G+07 )GB+44” &, 730)
Dialogues in 2018 covered the topics of innovation and intellectual
property as well as supply chain and delivery.

A schistosomiasis health education project in Ethiopia was
launched jointly with the HAIA Foundation at the end of 2017, with
-8” )+1F#)"9)/0" FE" -2& ,)-8” MR, = OFF)B” 84+. 64"0+4)G8+.&, ”)-8+-J:3)&? C7 OC
to eliminate schistosomiasis. The project targets a rural area in
Ethiopia, focusing on approximately 260,000 students in 290 schools
through activities such as distribution of customized educational
material. In 2018, we reached 74 schools with nearly 70,000 stu=
dents. The goal is to extend this model to other regions in Africa.

The Global Pharma Health Fund (GPHF), a non-profit organization
funded by Merck, works to combat falsified medicines in developing
and emerging countries. To date, the GPHF has supplied 843 Minilabs
at cost to detect falsified medicines in around 100 countries. In 2018,
-8”)GPHF developed testing methods for five additional active ingre=
dients so that the Minilab can now test 90 active ingredients, ranging
from antimalarials, antimycobacterials and antivirals to antipyretics
+& ()+&-1$4"'-1G30)

Promoting accessibility and improving supply chains

We promote initiatives to strengthen supply chains and to develop
localized health solutions in order to deliver and reach out efficiently
at the point of care. We are a founding member of the Accessibility
Platform, an informal, private-sector initiative that is working on a
comprehensive approach to meeting supply chain and distribution
challenges in developing countries. The platform promotes informa=
tion exchanges between the various stakeholders and creates joint
"Z-4"&3)9"0)+G-4" 0)

NTDeliver is our digital information tool, which facilitates trans=
parency in supply chains for medicine donations. Deliveries from
companies running donation programs are clearly displayed — from
purchase orders made by the 1 EF through to delivery to the first
warehouse in the destination country. This improves coordination
and provides a more transparent overview of the in-country inven=
tory. Following a pilot in 2017, we carried out two implementation
rounds in 2018, including using NTD 7446” 0)4+3-) #4” )-04+G24& , ) +3) +)
3-+& (+00) 077"'0-4&, )-""""4) '&) -8”) 3G8"""4=$+43” () 3G843-"3" #F4+343) /0"=
gram in Kenya. The system is collecting and consolidating field 1&9"0=
mation and has helped us to reach out to more than 12,000 teachers)
throughout Kenya.

In 2018, we started the CURAFA’* project as part of our vision
to improve primary healthcare for everyone everywhere. So-called
CURAFA**)/""4&-3) "9)G+07 )9"'0)4&-” 5 0+-” ()/0t##+05) 8” +4-8G+07)3” 06:G” 3)
are run by local pharmacists and nurses, who provide pharmaceu=
tical and clinical services, medicine, digital health solutions, and
insurance and financing schemes. The project was implemented in
collaboration with the non-governmental organization Amref Health
Africa. We rolled out five primary healthcare points in Kenya during
K<DLC
76

8).&)(9/;!63 1¢.C1-,!&3)/</)7=!
8#6)&/$8&0*(!8-*#)/-$6

Through our products, we are helping overcome global challenges
such as climate impact and resource scarcity. In doing so, we are
also supporting our customers in reducing the impacts of their own
activities and achieving their own sustainability goals.

Life Science: reducing environmental impacts throughout the

product life cycle

It is important to us that we improve the environmental impact of
our products. This applies to the entire life cycle — from production
and use through to the disposal of our products. With our Design for
Sustainability (DfS) program, we have developed a comprehensive
approach for more sustainable life science products. This keeps sus=
tainability criteria in the foreground during product development or
re-engineering, and documents them in a scorecard. When develop=
ing a new product, our aim is to improve on as many of these criteria)
scores as possible. The objective is to lower environmental impacts
of devices and instruments, also during use by customers. Beginning
with the concept stage, product teams identify potential environmen=
tal impacts and opportunities to make improvements. By the end of
2018, 27% of these product development projects met three or more
sustainability criteria.

In addition, our researchers are developing innovative solutions
in line with the “12 Principles of Green Chemistry” developed by chem=
ists Paul T. Anastas and John C. Warner. The objective is to permit
research that is as environmentally compatible as possible, and to
minimize adverse effects on human health. More than 750 greener
alternatives to conventional products are available so far. With
DOZNB, we have developed a web-based quantitative Green Chem=
istry analysis tool. To date, we have used this matrix to assess and
improve more than 40 products. It is our goal to make this system
available to our customers in 2019, so that they can measure the
* 8610" SH” &--+4):##/+G-)""9)-8 ” 10)0” 3” +0G8)+& ()##+2” )##"0")” RBN0" BHF? B=
tally conscious decisions.

We are expanding our portfolio to include greener alternatives,
such as the new bio-based solvent, Cyrene™, which is derived from
waste cellulose and is employed as an alternative to solvents that
are widely used but are under increasing regulatory restriction due
to their associated toxicity.

The focus is not just on the current life of our products, as we
also look ahead to end-of-life considerations and potential future
product lives as well. The application of single-use products — many
of which pose a challenge to recycle in the current infrastructure -
is growing as life science markets are expanding and adopting new
-7G8B&'"4"" 4730) 1 ”)8+67)-87079"'07)(7674"7? (i&&"6+-46 ” 0” GHG, )/0"=
grams, which led to the recycling of more than 2,738 metric tons of
our customers’ products from 2015 to 2018.

WV FSIB? ()* 484, 7 #7 &-) 7S "0-!_ NHS WK? (S)&*4$,-.” &)/-$ 1 &O-#)!) 1(12.-#3!

——14-.3-.&)(15(63-$6/0/*/)7

Performance Materials: increasing the sustainability

of manufacturing processes and end products

In 2018, our Performance Materials launched the new liquid crystal
technology SA-VA (Self-Aligned Vertical Alignment). We have been
C7674" /t&, )-8” )F#+- 7 01+43)4+.& ()/0"G? 33)i&)-8 ” )3G""/” )""9)G4""3” )-? GB&IG+4)
partnerships with our customers. SA-VA is an eco-friendly and
resource-conserving technology that requires less energy and cre=
ates fewer waste products than conventional technologies during
display manufacture. SA-VA also provides a more efficient display
manufacturing process. Since SA-VA technology can be applied at
lower temperatures, it is also suitable for sensitive materials such as
those used in premium products, or for forward-looking applications
such as flexible displays.

Organic light-emitting diodes (OLED3) likewise increase the
energy efficiency of displays while also providing brilliant colors and
razor-sharp images. To further enable unique display applications
and efficient production of large-area OLED displays, Merck is devel=
"/1&, 81, 8=/7 09" 0##+&G" )OLED materials for vacuum evaporation
FF” -8" (3)"'0)/01&-4&, )/0"G” 33” 30

To utilize our market and technological leadership in liquid crys=
tals beyond applications in energy-saving displays, we started man=
ufacturing liquid crystal window modules at a new site in Veldhoven
(Netherlands). According to initial measurement results, our smart
windows can cut energy use in climate-controlled buildings by up to
40% and replace conventional sun shading solutions. In this way,
we help builders to save resources and costs. These windows can
be manually or automatically controlled to darken and provide sun
protection or can create privacy by switching from transparent to
opaque. In contrast to competing technologies, our newly branded
Eyrise’~ products switch within seconds and are highly color-neutral.
Architects and builders can customize the desired color to suit the
setting. In response to market demand, we have prioritized solar
control during 2018, and we have three sophisticated architectural
projects in the pipeline. We were able to realize the first commercial
project in October 2018: large solar control windows for the company
Orkla in Oslo (Norway). Furthermore, we presented a selection of
these innovative architectural solutions at the trade fair “BAU 2019”,
where we focused on our eyrise™ technology. Among other things,
we showed an iconic building design by renowned Brazilian architect
Oscar Niemeyer. The building is currently being constructed for the
company Kirow Ardelt in Leipzig (Germany).

For the semiconductor industry, we have developed a series of
environmentally sustainable specialty chemicals and materials -
including PFOS-free antireflective and photoresist coatings.

In the cosmetics industry, we are addressing the continuing trend
for ingredients that meet stringent sustainability criteria. Our port=
folio of fillers eliminates the need for microplastic particles that are
heavily criticized for polluting waters and damaging marine life. We
are also committed to continuously increasing the energy efficiency
of our production processes. Our cosmetic formulations comply with
strict criteria. By the end of 2018, 68 of our cosmetic pigments and
active ingredients were certified according to Ecocert’s) COSMOS)
standard for organic and natural cosmetics.
UU FESR? ()* 484, 7H? &-) 7 /"0-!__!"#$ H&’ ($) &*14$,-. &)/-$!&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

8).&)(9/;163 1(.(1-,!&)/</)7=!
>.-&%!:/$%6

The promotion of science, education and culture in an integrated
manner constitutes one of the central concerns of our engagement
in society. This is in line with our 350-year tradition of advancing art
and culture. In this way we champion characteristics that are indis=
pensable for our business activities as a high-tech company: crea=
tivity, the passion for new discoveries and curiosity, together with -8”)
courage to transcend boundaries.

Boosting scienti c education

We view education as a key component of culture - and vice versa.
Education can help us understand culture. But culture can also build
a bridge to education; it can stimulate curiosity and creativity. We
therefore support educational projects at many of our sites and grant
scholarships, for instance, or help define the curricula of selected
classes in schools. We want to spark an interest in science, particu=
larly among young people. This is why we have been supporting the
“Jugend forscht” (Young Researchers) competition for more than
35 years. Since 1996, we have been organizing the state-level com=
petition for the German Federal State of Hesse. In 2018, we hosted
-8” )&+-4""&+43)9"'0)-8 ” )-810()-h## 0

Through our Junior Labs, we want young people to enjoy con=
ducting experiments. These learnings labs at the Technical University
of Darmstadt combine classroom instruction with trending topics and
modern research methods. In 2018, around 2,500 school students
used the chemistry laboratory and around 1,000 school students
experimented in the biology laboratory.

In 2017, we launched a pilot project for the continuing education
of teachers in order to transfer our commitment to STEM education
in an international context for the first time. We started in India,
followed by projects in Chile, Kenya and Tanzania in 2018. By the
end of the year, we had trained almost 100 teachers who act as
multipliers and will reach thousands of school students.

A3)/+0-)"9)SPARK, our global volunteer program, employees from
our Life Science business sector share their skills and experience
with students and support our local communities. The program is
intended to spark curiosity in science and inspire students to consider
+)STEM-related career. In 2018, over 2,800 employees invested more
than 19,000 hours in the program, reaching over 66,000 young
7°"74 ()A3)/7+0-)"9)SPARK, in 2018 we once again sent our Curiosity
Cube™ on a journey through the United States and Canada. This is
+)907%, 8-)G"&-+4& ”0)-8+-) -0+8&39" 0F#3)i&-") +) FE" SIA” )44+-$"0+-"'05) +& () 13)
equipped with state-of-the-art technology. Directed by our employ=
ees, school students can use it to carry out scientific experiments.
In 2018, the Cube traveled approximately 30,000 kilometers across
the United States and engaged students in 108 communities. 94%
of schools visited fall under the “Title 1” category, where students
mainly come from low-income backgrounds.

——14-.3-.&)(15(63-$6/0/*/)7

77

The Deutsche Philharmonie Merck

The Deutsche Philharmonie Merck is our musical ambassador. We
consider classical music to be the universal language that brings
people together; as such, it is an important part of our culture. The
G""&G" 0-3)""9)-843)/0'"9” 334" &+4) ” &3” FAFA” )0” 073 &-)+&)i&-” , 0+4)/+0-)"9)
the cultural life in the vicinity of our Group headquarters in Darmstadt
and remain highly popular, with around 31,000 people attending
them in 2018. In the orchestra workshop, children and young people
gained their first experience in a professional orchestra. We also
fostered enthusiasm for classical music among young people through
seat cushion concerts for children aged four years and above as well
as through youth concerts. In addition, the orchestra again toured
internationally. Concerts took place in Austria, the United States and
China in 2018. In Beijing, the musicians held an orchestra workshop
with music students at the local university. The subsequent concert
in front of an audience of around 1,700 was a huge joint success.

Promoting literature

Like music, literature is an important mediator between cultures.
That is why we support five literary prizes around the world. The
awards primarily recognize those authors who build bridges between
cultures, as well as between literature and science. We awarded four
of the prizes in 2018: The Johann Heinrich Merck Award for Literary
Critique and Essay in Germany went to author and translator Martin
Pollack. The Italian Premio Letterario Merck was awarded to natural
scientist, author and professor Carl Safina, and to physicist and
science historian Lucio Russo. The winners of the Japanese Merck-
Kakehashi Literature Award were author Clemens J. Setz and his
translator Ayano Inukai. The Merck Translation Award in Russia went
to authors Nina Federowa, Ekaterina Aralova, Natalia Stillmark and
Tatiana Zborovskaja. The Merck-Tagore Literature Award in India will
once again be offered in 2019.

5(63-$6/0/*/)7!,-.!-#.!3.-%#;)6

The safety of our products is at the core of our corporate responsi=
bility. When used properly, they must pose no risk to customers,
patients, consumers or the environment. Our goal is to ensure a
positive benefit/risk profile for our products, which is why we regu=
larly examine safety across their entire life cycle and continuously
take steps to minimize risks. We provide patients, consumers and
customers with extensive informational material so that they can use
our products in a safe, responsible and proper manner.

In our pharmaceutical marketing activities, the focus is always
on the health and well-being of patients because we want them to
receive effective and high-quality treatment. All guidelines pertaining
to marketing and advertising are part of our Group-wide compliance
program, which is complemented by our internal guidelines and
6+0ious voluntary commitments that, in many cases, far exceed the
applicable statutory regulations.
78

Safety of our chemical products

Numerous regulations are in place to ensure that chemicals pose no
risk to humans or the environment. Compliance with these regulatory
requirements is an important part of our work. Through a Group-wide
policy, we have established global processes for defining, directing
and implementing product safety, as well as the corresponding man=
agement structures. We incorporate all relevant national and inter=
national chemical regulations into our policies and guidelines, and
adhere to them. This includes the EU chemicals regulation REACH)
(Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals)
+&()CLP (Classification, Labelling and Packaging of Substances and
Mixtures, EU GHS). Furthermore, we are committed to transparency.
For instance, in line with the Global Product Strategy, an international
initiative of the chemical industry, we provide our customers with
product safety summaries for hazardous materials.

In 2018, we successfully completed the third and final phase of
-8”)REACH registration process by registering all substances annually
produced or imported in quantities ranging from one to 100 metric
tons with respect to the risks they pose in terms of their use, storage,
transport and disposal. All the chemical substances concerned in our
portfolio were registered on schedule. This process also includes
substances added to our portfolio from the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition.

Safety of our Healthcare products

Patient safety has a top priority in everything we do. During the entire)
life cycle of our medicines, we provide patients and physicians with
up-to-date risk-benefit evaluations. To this end, company experts
process safety-relevant information from various sources such as
clinical trials, adverse reaction reports and scientific literature. Ulti=
mate responsibility for the safety of our biopharmaceuticals is borne
by our Global Chief Medical Officer, with support from the Medical
Safety and Ethics Board. Our Global Patient Safety unit continuously
monitors and evaluates the safety and risk-benefit ratio of our med=
icines worldwide (pharmacovigilance). For products in our Allergo-
/harma business, we have also developed comprehensive clinical
efficacy and safety profiles that we continuously update. For the
safety of patients, we have established a global pharmacovigilance
system that we are always working to enhance.

Quality of our products
Our goal is to provide customers and patients at all times with high-
quality original products. Through our quality vision - “Quality is

WV FSIB? ()* 484, 7 #7 &-) 7S "0-!_ NHS WK? (S)&*4$,-.” &)/-$ 1 &O-#)!) 1(12.-#3!

——14-.3-.&)(15(63-$6/0/*/)7

embedded in everything we do!” —- we remind our employees of their
responsibility — across all business sectors, all Group functions and
+44)4” 6 743)"9)-8? )G" ##/+8N0

Supplier management

We procure many raw materials, packaging materials, technical prod=
ucts, components and services worldwide. Our overarching goal is
to protect the stability of these supply chains and always provide our
customers with the best products and services, while offering them
optimal quality and service. Our supplier management focuses on
compliance with fundamental environmental and social standards,
in addition to high quality, delivery reliability and competitive prices.
J875)-+07)/0:##+0145) (7 046” ()90" ##)-8” )G"0” )4+-$'"0)3-+&(+0(3)""9)-8”)? 1 F)
(International Labour Organisation), from the UN Global Compact
and from the Code of Conduct of the BME (German Federal Associ=
ation for Materials Management, Purchasing and Logistics).

Our Group Procurement Policy and Responsible Sourcing Princi=
ples define our procurement practices. Due to the global focus of our
procurement, we are continuously working to ensure adherence to
our supply chain standards.

As a member of the industry initiative “Together for Sustainabil=
ity” (TfS), we are able to use the supplier self-assessments and audit
results shared among all member companies, who in turn abide by
all restrictions stipulated within competition law. Through the shared
platform approach, Merck has access to the sustainability assess=
ment scorecards of more than 10,700 companies as well as over
1,000 audits reports.

5(63-$6/0/*/)7!,-.!-#.!C 3*-7((6

Our employees contribute to groundbreaking progress in science
+&()technology across the world. They are the basis of our success
and therefore play a central role for the success of our business. In
accordance with the Merck values, we live a culture of mutual esteem
and respect. To remain successful in the future we want to attract
people to our company who contribute their curiosity, their courage
and spirit of invention. We therefore place a strategic focus on
employee development, leadership and performance management.
Furthermore, we strive to foster diversity among our employees
(more information can be found under “People at Merck”).
UU FESR? ()* 484, 7H? &-) 7 /"0-!__!"#$ H&’ ($) &*14$,-. &)/-$!&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

5(63-$6/0/*/)7!,-.!) 1(1($</.-8’ ($)

We seek to impact the environment as little as possible while doing
business. This especially includes efficiently conserving resources
such as energy, water and raw materials while also continuously
reducing our emissions and waste.

Environmental management system

In our Corporate Environment, Health and Safety Policy, which is
applicable Group-wide, we have defined our principles and strategies
for environment, health and safety. It is an integral component of
our EHS management system, which is certified annually by external
auditors in accordance with the international standard ISO)DM<<DC)
At all our sites, local EHS)##+&+, 703)"67037 ”)"/70+-4"&+4) &610"" SH” &=
tal protection measures. These employees continually receive train=
ing and obtain additional qualifications. Since our businesses are
constantly changing, our environmental management system is sub=
ject to internal and external audits on a regular basis to ensure that
-8”)ISO 14001 requirements are still being met. In 2018, we obtained

)

——14-.3-.&)(15(63-$6/0/*/)7

79

+&)ISO 14001 group certificate for the tenth consecutive year. This
certificate covers 81 sites around the world.

All reported environmental key figures do not include data on the
Consumer Health business, since these operations were transferred
to Procter & Gamble - effective December 1, 2018 - and have been
classified as discontinued operations within the meaning of IFRS) ;)
34&G”)A/0'4)K<DLC

Focus areas: Energy e"ciency, greenhouse gas emissions,

water, waste and recycling

Climate impact and resource scarcity are key challenges facing
3"Giety in the 21st century. As a responsible company, it is especially
important for us to do our part. We have therefore set ourselves the
goal of reducing total direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions
by 20% by 2020 (2006 baseline), irrespective of production growth.
In 2018, the CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) gave our
efforts for the sustainable use of energy a “C” rating (2017: B). The
CDP) +337 3373)G"##/+8&4” 3) i&)-” OF#3) "9)-8 740) 77 09" 0F#+&G)+&() -04+83=
parency in climate impact and water management.

ENERGY CONSUMPTION? ?)

In gigawatt hours K<D K<DN 2017 2018

Total energy consumption 2,141 2,117 2,194 9932
Direct energy consumption 1,343 1,330 1,319 1,322

Natural gas 1,200 1,260 1,254 1,256
Liquid fossil fuels: DD< =N =K zK
Biomass and self-generated renewable energy rr =M zt =M
Indirect energy consumption 798 787 875 910

Electricity 702 692 729 761
Steam, heat, cold 96 95 DMN 149
Total energy sold 0.3 0.3 0.1 0.0
Electricity <C: <C: <(D <<
Steam, heat, cold << << << <<
In terajoules K<D; K<DN 2017 2018

Total energy consumption 7,708 7,621 7,898 8.035
Direct energy consumption 4,835 4,788 4,748 4,759

Natural gas 4,320 4,536 4,514 4,522
Liquid fossil fuels: 396 Dr< DD; DD;
Biomass and self-generated renewable energy 119 DKK 119 DKK
Indirect energy consumption 2,873 2,833 3,150 3,276

Electricity 2,527 2,491 2,624 2,740
Steam, heat, cold =MN =MK 3KN 5=N
Total energy sold 1.1 1.1 0.4 0.0

Electricity DCD DCD <(M <<
Steam, heat, cold << << << <<

°In line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, for all previous years (up to the 2006 baseline) the energy consumption has been calculated based on the corporate structure as of December 31 of
the reporting year and retroactively adjusted for acquisitions or divestments of (parts of) companies, or for changes in emission factors (portfolio-adjusted).
KAIl reported environmental key figures do not include data on the Consumer Health business, since these operations were transferred to Procter & Gamble - effective December 1, 2018 - and

have been classified as discontinued operations within the meaning of IFRS) 5)3:&G”)A/04)K<DLC
*Light and heavy fuel oil, liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), diesel and gasoline.
80

WV FSIB? ()* 484, 7 #7 &-) 7S "0-!_ NHS WK? (S)&*4$,-.” &)/-$ 1 &O-#)!) 1(12.-#3!

——14-.3-.&)(15(63-$6/0/*/)7

TOTAL GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS (SCOPE 1 AND 2 OF THE GHG PROTOCOL)!?2) UU  ——__

2&) FF? -01G)2i4"-"&3 K<<N K<D ; K<DN 2017 2018
Total CO ,eq * emissions 786 722 689 704 698
-8707"9

(40’G-) !F,eq emissions 378 391 =LM 373 23M
2&(40"G-) 1F,eq emissions M<L 22D <5 22D =MM
Biogenic CO _, emissions

0 13 14 13 13

°In line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, for all previous years (up to the 2006 baseline) the greenhouse gas emissions have been calculated based on the corporate structure as of )
December 31 of the reporting year and retroactively adjusted for acquisitions or divestments of (parts of) companies, or for changes in emission factors (portfolio-adjusted).
KAIl reported environmental key figures do not include data on the Consumer Health business, since these operations were transferred to Procter & Gamble - effective December 1, 2018 - and

have been classified as discontinued operations within the meaning of IFRS) 5)3:&G”)A/04)K<DLC

* Baseline for our emission targets is 2006.
“eq = equivalent.

To achieve our climate impact mitigation goals, we have launched the)
EDISON program, which consolidates all our climate impact mitigatio&)
and energy efficiency activities. Through the more than 360)EDISON)
projects initiated since 2012, we aim to annually save around 177)#?’ -=
OiG)2i4"-""&3)"9) HF, in the medium term. Overall, thanks to the EDISON)
projects we have saved approximately 89,000 megawatt hours of
7 &70,5)34&G” )K<DKC

At the same time, we are pushing forward with the changeover
to renewable energies. In 2017, we installed a solar voltaic system
in Burlington, Massachusetts, United States. It has an installed
capacity of 182 kilowatts and generated 136,000 kilowatt hours in
2018. Energy management plays a key role in our efforts for energy
efficiency and climate impact mitigation. Our production sites in
Darmstadt and Gernsheim account for 29% of our global energy
consumption. Both these facilities have fulfilled the international
7&0, 5S)H+84+, "HF? &-)3-+&(4001SO 50001 since 2012. Currently,
12 of our production sites have a certified energy management sys=
tem. We are working to implement further measures to achieve our
climate goal. For example, we are steadily reducing our process-
related emissions in the Life Science business sector through process
optimization. In 2018, this enabled us to save 16,000 metric kilotons
"9) 1F, equivalents.

Alongside energy efficiency and climate protection, we also focus
on water. Since 2016, we have been pursuing the goal of implement=
ing a sustainable water management system at sites with high con=
sumption levels by 2020. At sites with relevant water use located in
areas of high water stress, we are aiming to cut our water consump=
tion by 10% by 2020 (2014 baseline). At the end of 2018, we had
lowered our water consumption at the relevant sites by 11% in
comparison with 2014. In 2018, the CDP gave our efforts to conserve
water a “B-” rating (2017: B). Natural resources are becoming
scarcer. We therefore want to use raw materials as efficiently as
possible and to limit the loss of raw materials. In this way, we intend
to minimize the environmental impacts of our waste as far as pos=
sible. In 2016, we developed the Merck Waste Score, which allows
us to compare the amount of waste our sites are producing and

monitor the development of the amount of waste we produce. Based
on this score, we have set ourselves the goal of reducing the envi=
ronmental impact of our waste by 5% by 2025 (2016 baseline). For
this purpose, we continuously analyze the improvement potential of
our production processes and disposal routes. In 2018, we also
established two expert panels on the topic of waste management.
They regularly discuss best practice examples and thus facilitate an
exchange of experience between our global sites.

5(63-$6/0/*/)7!,-.!6-3/Q7

We see ourselves as part of society — both at our individual sites and
worldwide. Taking responsibility towards society is an integral part
of our entrepreneurial approach. We believe that we can make an
important contribution to the community through our knowledge,
our skills and our products.

Our social responsibility activities are primarily focused on those)
areas in which we have problem-solving expertise stemming from
our core businesses. We are thus engaged in health and culture
projects and furthermore support education, especially in the nat=
ural sciences. Additionally, we provide disaster relief and support
people in need in the areas in which we operate.

Our subsidiaries are engaged in a wide variety of local projects.
We have defined a general set of criteria for selecting projects, and
the decisions concerning specific projects are made by our sub=
3iCiaries. In 2018, we spent a total of € 36 million on community
engagement activities. For the first eleven months this amount
includes the Consumer Health business, which was divested as of
December 1, 2018. This figure does not include contributions from
the Merck Foundation.

To mark our 350-year anniversary, we stepped up our commit=
ment and carried out more than 350 charitable projects in 60 coun=
tries in 2018. In more than 60% of all initiatives our colleagues
joined us in our efforts, whether through donations in cash or in
kind or through their active collaboration in projects.
UU FESR? ()* 484,” #7 &-) 770-1 #8 H&’ ($)&*14$,-.” &)/-$!1&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

Research and Development

We conduct research and development (R&D) worldwide in order to
develop new products and services designed to improve the quality
of life of patients and to satisfy the needs of our customers. Further
optimizing the relevance and efficiency of our research and devel=
opment activities — either on our own or in cooperation with third
parties — is one of our top priorities.

In 2018, approximately 7,200 employees worked for Merck research=
1&5 )h&&"6+-4""&3)-"")3 706” )4"&, =~” OFF) 8” +4-8)+&()-” GBR"4" | 5)-0” &(3)i&)
both established and growth markets (in 2017: approximately 6,800).

Merck spent around € 2.2 billion on research and development
(R&D) in 2018 (2017: around € 2.1 billion). In our research and
development activities, we focus on both in-house research and
external collaborations that enable us to increase the productivity of
our research while simultaneously reducing financial outlay. The
organizational set-up of our R&D activities reflects the structure of
Merck with three business sectors.

@(&*)1;&.(
>+AB@C5:C

Oncology and Immuno-Oncology

Oncology and immuno-oncology are core focus areas in our R&D
portfolio. With an emphasis on biomarker-driven research, we aim
to deliver personalized treatments and a transformative pipeline.
Translational research is embedded into the whole R&D process, with
several projects addressing unmet needs in hard-to-treat cancers
through innovative treatment approaches and novel combinations.
In 2018, we achieved a number of significant milestones across our
oncology and immuno-oncology pipeline.

We continue to develop much-needed new treatment options for
patients with hard-to-treat cancers and have made key progress in
this area with avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody that we are co-
developing and co-commercializing with Pfizer. To date, avelumab
has received approval in 46 countries across the world under the
brand name Bavencio®. In 2018, approvals were granted in several
countries, including Australia and Brazil, for Merkel cell carcinoma
(* !!) as well as Israel for ~ !! and urothelial carcinoma (UC) and
Canada for UC.

In September, we announced positive top-line results from the
pivotal Phase ???)JAVELIN Renal 101 study evaluating avelumab in
combination with Inlyta® (axitinib), compared with Sutent® (sunitinib)

$5 (6&5 1! &$ H!2(<(*-3°($)

81

as initial therapy for patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma
(- !!). As part of a planned interim analysis, an independent data
monitoring committee confirmed that the trial showed a statistically
significant improvement in progression-free survival (PFS) by central
review for patients treated with the combination whose tumors had
PD-L1+ expression greater than 1% (primary objective), as well as
in the entire study population regardless of PD-L1 tumor expression
(secondary objective). The detailed analysis of this clinical trial read-
out was presented at the 2018 European Society for Medical Oncol=
ogy (ESMO) Congress. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation for avelumab in combi=
nation with Inlyta® for treatment-naive patients with advanced - !!)
in December 2017.

Through our strategic alliance with Pfizer, we continue to explore
the therapeutic potential of avelumab. Our clinical development pro=
,0+##)JAVELIN comprises more than 30 clinical programs, including
various Phase ??? trials, involving over 9,000 patients across more
than 15 different tumor types. In addition to ~ !!, UC and - !!, these
cancers include breast, gastric/gastro-esophageal junction and 8’+()
and neck cancers, non-small cell lung cancer and ovarian canG’@

We provided an update on our Phase ???)JAVELIN Lung 200 trial
in February, Phase ???)JAVELIN) F6+0i+&)K<<)-04+4)4&)H"6” #$70)+&Q0)
Phase ???)JAVELIN Ovarian 100 trial in December. While these stud=
ies did not meet or were not expected to meet their pre-specified
primary endpoints of overall survival (JAVELIN Lung 200), superior
overall survival or PFS (JAVELIN Ovarian 200) and PFS (JAVELIN)
Ovarian 100), the data are being further examined to better under=
stand the results.

As part of our ongoing commitment to developing new treatment
options for patients with hard-to-treat cancers who would otherwise
have a low chance of survival, and to exploring all potential options,
we entered into various new strategic collaborations in 2018 with
avelumab. The first was in July, when our collaboration with Vyriad to)
evaluate avelumab in combination with Voyager-V1, an oncolytic virus)
therapy, in a Phase I clinical trial in patients with solid tumors was
announced. A few days later, we announced a collaboration with Leap
Therapeutics to investigate avelumab in combination with Leap Ther=
apeutics’ O?J. agonist, TRX518, and chemotherapy in a Phase I/II
clinical trial in advanced solid tumors including expansion populations
in patients with relapsed/refractory ovarian, breast and prostate
G+&G7 030

In September, together with Pfizer, we entered into a clinical trial
collaboration and supply agreement with Checkmate Pharmaceuticals
to evaluate CMP-001, a JI-9 agonist, in combination with avelumab.
82

The collaboration will evaluate the safety and effectiveness of CMP=
001 administered in combination with avelumab in selected previ=
ously treated patients with advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the
head and neck (SCCHN) whose disease has progressed.

Also in September, we announced a collaboration with Immutep
to evaluate avelumab in combination with eftilagimod alpha (“efti”
or “IMP321”), an investigational |AO-3]g fusion protein, in a Phase I
trial in patients with advanced solid malignancies. Shortly afterwards,
in October we entered into a clinical trial collaboration agreement
with Daiichi Sankyo Company to study the combination of avelumab
and/or an investigational Merck DNA damage repair (DDR) inhibitor
with [fam-] trastuzumab deruxtecan (DS-8201), an investigational
HER2-targeting antibody drug conjugate, in patients with HERK=)
expressing or mutated solid tumors.

Finally, in November, we entered into two collaboration agree=
ments. The first was with Kyowa Hakko Kirin to study avelumab with
Kyowa Hakko Kirin’s novel IDO inhibitor, @E@2455, in a Phase I clinical)
trial of patients with solid tumors. The second agreement was with
Immunicum to investigate avelumab in combination with ilixadencel,
an off-the-shelf, cell-based, cancer immune primer, in a planned multi-)
indication Phase Ib/II clinical trial of patients with advanced head and)
&7G2)G+8G"0)+&() , +3-0:G)+ C7 &"G+0Gi&" FF +0

In 2018, we celebrated several important milestones for our lead=
ing oncology pipeline molecules we discovered in-house, including
tepotinib, an investigational oral MET inhibitor, and M7824, an inves=
tigational bifunctional immunotherapy.

In March, tepotinib received its first regulatory designation when
the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (~E1I1 ) granted
SAKIGAKE “fast-track” designation to tepotinib for patients with
advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) harboring MET exon
14 skipping mutations. The SAKIGAKE)(” 3%, &+-1"&)/0"#"-”3)0” 37 +0G8)
and development in Japan, aiming at early practical application for
innovative pharmaceutical products, medical devices and regenera=
tive medicines, and can reduce a drug’s review period down from
DK) ##""&-83) -"") +)-+0, ”-)'"9) N) ##""&-830) J8”) SAKIGAKE) (7 34, &+-4"&)
353-” ##)13)+)G"0” )G" ##7'""&” &-)"9)-8”)* E11 's “Strategy of SAKIGAKE”.
The system’s objective is to designate drugs that have the potential
of prominent effectiveness against serious and life-threatening dis=
eases in order to make them available to patients in Japan ahead of
the rest of the world.

In August, we initiated a trial to investigate M7824 compared
with pembrolizumab as a first-line treatment in patients with PD-L1-
expressing advanced NSCLC. In December, the FDA and the Euro=
pean Medicines Agency (EMA) granted orphan drug designation (ODD)
to M7824 for the treatment of biliary tract cancer (BTC). The FDA?3)
ODD) follows the recent presentation of the first clinical data for)
M7824 in BTC)+-)-8”)ESMO Congress (see below). BTC)i:3)+)G'"44” G-46”)
term for a group of rare and aggressive gastrointestinal cancers,
including intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma, extrahepatic cholangio=
carcinoma and gallbladder carcinoma. Approximately 16,000 cases

IU FESR? ()* 484,” #7 &-) 770-1" #8 &’ ($) &*14$,-.” &)/-$!1&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

$5 (6&5 1! &$ MH! 2(<('*-3°($)

"9)BTC are estimated to occur every year in the United States. These
cancers present late in the majority of patients and treatment options
are limited. The median survival rate in the advanced setting is less
than one year and the objective tumor response with commonly used
chemotherapy is typically less than 10% with a short duration of
0737"&37C

Our integrated R&D capacity is strongly supported by external
innovation to complement our pipeline, strengthen our technology
base and enhance our scientific capabilities. In 2018, we initiated
new pipeline collaborations to further diversify our development risks
and enable a more efficient pipeline prioritization.

In January, we announced a multi-project and licensing deal with
Cancer Research UK’s Commercial Partnerships Team and The Insti=
tute of Cancer Research (?!-_), London, to discover and develop new
anticancer drugs. Together we will collaborate on three independent
research projects spanning discovery to preclinical candidate nomi=
nation. This work will progress the discovery and development of
potential cancer drugs, as well as develop biomarkers for target
engagement and patient selection. Under the terms of the deal,
Merck has worldwide rights to take molecules discovered through
the collaboration forward into clinical development. Cancer Research
UK and the ?!_ will receive milestone payments based on the
achievement of research and development, regulatory and sales
goals plus royalty payments on net sales of future products discov=
ered or developed under the agreement. Any payments made to
Cancer Research UK and the ?!- will be invested in future lifesaving
073” +0G8C

In April, we announced a development and risk-sharing collabo=
ration with the SFJ Pharmaceuticals Group (SFJ), a U.S.-based com=
pany focused on increasing R&D output and productivity through
1&&"6+-16 7 FE" (7 430)2&)+)&"6 4): &" 64-4" &) FE" (7 4)07G” &-45) 7 #70, 4&,)
in the biopharma industry, SFJ - one of the pioneers of such collab=
orations — will finance and be responsible for Phase ??/2??)(7674"/=
ment of abituzumab, Merck’s IgG1 monoclonal antibody, as a first-line)
treatment for metastatic colorectal cancer (m!-!) in combination
with Erbitux®)+&()G8’ #"-870+/50

Additionally, we are currently assessing the potential of investi=
gating tepotinib in combination with novel therapies for the treat=
ment of advanced heptocellular carcinoma (E!!) after the two E !!)
Phase II trials met their primary endpoints, with clinical activity
demonstrated both as first-line and second-line treatment and safety
findings in line with earlier studies.

A-)-8”)K<DL)ASCO Annual Meeting (June 1-5 in Chicago, Illinois,
United States), we shared results from our increasingly broad oncol=
ogy portfolio, from immuno-oncology to DDR approaches, in a wide
range of hard-to-treat cancers. Representing seven therapeutic
agents and eight tumor types, we showcased the significant poten=
tial in not only later-stage priority programs, but also in early pipe=
line programs that could make a real difference for patients. We
presented data across our oncology and immuno-oncology pipeline
I"#$ % & ()*+&+,# &-)/"0-

1"O)#"2?342’5)%&324(%&,H6’ 24#+$)+&()70$%-48 — ? + & (Ml 2%&’ Al(+-’5)
"&) *<=>:)-'/"-%&%$:)-Y)/;@ABCD ECF )-+0,’-’()+,’&-) *=BG<:)-””)
HIE JKC)%&?%$%-"05)*L<M>)+&()*BB=@N

*42-9%/2’ 10" 5’ &-+-Jo" &5)"&) +6’ 24#+$)+-)  EA!O )%&324(’()-P"JQ’+0)
safety and efficacy data in metastatic *!! )1"0)+6’24#+$) 10"#)-?’)
/%6"-+2)RESTTUI )*’0V’2)=@ @)-0%+2:)+5)P’22)+5)(+-+)%8DA!T! )+&()WIN)
K%/’2%&’ )Al(+-’5)+-) EA!O. )+25")%8&324(’ () +02Q)32% & %3+2)0’542-5)1"0}'
-Jo& ToS +-To’ &-5)PIIN!T! —)2+0$"0%8&,)*7E )’'8"&IM>)5V%ol/To&, H#4-+-%o" &5:)
*:<=>)%&)/+-%’ &-5)P%-2) XKSI+55"3%+t-’ ()3+&3’05)+&() IA!IT! :)*BB=@)
JoSEAIT! —-)+&()+(6+&3? ()5"2%()-4#"05)+5)P’ 22)+5)(+-+)1"0)*L<M>)+&()
*=BG<)%&)5"2%()-4#"05N

E-}?’)}=@M<) 7A*O_)!"&,0°55)YO3-"$'0)MG = ZL) %&)*4& 3 PO#H+AQ\: +)
P?)/0°5? &-"()+)-"-+2)"1)>M)+$5-043-5)0°/0" 5’ &-%&,)’ %,?-)-? O+/ 4-%3)
+,’ &-5)}+-&()M>)-4#"0)-Q/’ SN)EY )(+-+)/0°5’ &~’ ()52"P3+5’ ()-2’(%6°0 J
5%-Q)"1)*’03V]5)/%l’ 2% 8’ :)P%-2)0" 542-5) 10"#)+) &4#$’ 0)" 1) 2%,2/0%"0%-Q)
32% &Io3+2)( 6’ 2"/HP &-)/0" O-+HSN

They included the first presentation of data from the pivotal
K?+5° )UUJ5S-4(Q) RES7TUI).’&+2)M@M) ’6+24+-%&,)+6’°24#4$) %&)3"#$% J

&+-%" &)PI%-2)+8%o-To8 M$) 3"H#/-+0" () P%-2) 548 %-Fo& M$) +5) To& Mo-Jo+2)-?’ 0+/Q)#"Q})P%-2)* +6 &32+(

/+-9o° &-5)P%-?)+(6+&3'() .1!  N)*"0)4+6° 244#4$:)4/(4-’ ((4-+)%&)
+&()+(6+&3’ (),+5-0%3)"0),+5-0''5'/2+,' +2) 4&3-%" &)3+&3’0)P’0’)+25")
10°S’&-’(N

E((%o-%" &+22Q:)&’ P)(+-+)1"0)*;<=>)P’0’ V0"5’ &~’()1O"#)’ 8/4 &5%"&)
cohorts of two ongoing Phase I clinical trials, including the first presJ
*8-+-Fo"&)(+-+)1"0) AIIXT  :) FL )+&()°5"/24,'+2)34+&3’ OSNJU&)+((%-%o"&:)
AI(4~’()(4-+) 1"0)*3<=>)%&) IAIT! )+&(),+5-0%3)3+&3’0)P’0’)5?+0°(N)
H+-+)/0°5’ &-’() 1"0)-’/"-%&Yo$) %o8&324(’ () 0° 542-5) 10"H#)-20"?) K2+5’ )UU)
-0%+25:)-P")%&)+(6+&3'()X!! )+&()"&’)H&MA!IT! — :)/0"6%(%&,)140-2’0)

a)

6%? &3)"1)-2%5)10" 3% 5J%o" &)#’ (Jo3 Fo&’ |5)/0"#%05 %o&,)32.% & 342) +3-%06%o-Q) BR)/0’ 5’ &-’ ()+-)-?’ E#’ 0%3+&)E3+(#Q)" DL’'40"2",Q)Y
)U)-0%42) E&8&4+2)"’-% &,:)E/0%2)=ML=1) WT" SYE&,’2” SY 142% "08 %+:W& I~’ (VA-+ S\N

5"2%()-4#"05N) U&)HH. :)0’542-5)P’0’)/0’5’ &-’() 10"#) +) K?4+5”
Jo 8&6’ 5-Jo,+-Jo&,)* BB=@)Y 1"0# 02Q)SaIG; @\) %&)3"#$%&+-%" &)PI%-2),#I
3%o+$Jo&’ )Io&)I+-Jo &-5)PJo-2)+(6+&3' (AIT! b)+&()-P")K245"
HIE JC‘? &(’ &-)/0"~ %&) V EAS’) %&%$%o-"0) #L<M>N)0"#)-2”) $0"+(0)
/Tol 2Jo8e" YO" 542-5)P? 0" }+25")52+0' 10" #2 )K245°

#42% ,&+8&3%’ 5:)+5)P’ 22) +5) +)0°-0"5/3-%6")+&+2Q5%5)"1)-7 K-45"
K"5? %("&)5-4(Q)%&6’5-%,+-To&,)+$Jo-Ad4H#+-$) %o&)/+-Jo’ &-5)P%o-? )# 1.1 N

"06 (2)(+-+)10"#)"40)2’ +3 Q)$04+-&()70$%-48 9 JY3?-48%#4+$\)P’0")
10°5? &-’ (:)+((%o&,)-")-2’),0"P%&,)$"(Q)"1)0’ +2IP"02()’ 6%’ &3°)54/ J
/"0-%8&,)-2’)-? 0+/Q]5)0"2’) +5) +)5-+&(+0()"1)3+0’)%&)  .EA )P%2(J-Q/’)
#!.! , first-line recurrent or metastatic A!!XI_ }&()1"0)/+-%’ &-5)P%-?)
2"34+22Q)+(6+&3°() AI!XI )P2")#4+Q)&"-)$’)+$2’)-")-"2 O4-”)3%5/2+-%&I +)
$45’ ()0°, MoH? &5)%&)1422N

Neurology & Immunology

*42-%/2’)532’0"5%5)Y *A\)%5)"&’)"1)-? P"02(|5)#"'5-)3 "HF" &)&’?40"2" J
5%3+2) (%5"0( OSN) H’5/%-’)-2’) #0,’ &3)"1)5°6’0-+2)-?’ 0+/%5) Fo&)-?’)

last two decades, there are still significant unmet needs for MS
/+-%’ &-5:)/4+0-%342+02Q)-?"'5’)P%-2)2%,22Q)+3-%6’ JO’ 2+/5%&,)*A)Y .*A \N

1" H#$ % &" ($)&*!4$,-.° &)/-$!&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

JU)-0%425)"1) %&,)+&+2Q5’5)"1)-2”) !TE.UFF

4 (5(&.61!&$ %!7(8(*-3"($)

83

O&)R42QL@:) P’) +& &"4&3’ ()-?4-) +) 0°54$#%55%"&)"1)-2) PP) H04,)
E//2%3+-%" &)WHE. \)1"0)32+(0%$% &’)-+$2’-5)+5)+)/"~’ &-Jo+2)-0' +-#’ &-)1"0)
14-0? &-5)PJo-2)0" 2+/5Jo&,) L"O#S)" 1)*A)P+5)+33’/-’()1"0)0° 6%’ P)$Q)-?’)
AHE N)F2?’) +33°/-+&3’) %&(%3+-'5)-2+-)-2?) SHE) 1"4&()-?”)3"#/+&Q]5)
resubmission sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review.
F2’)0°54$#%55%" & )P+5)%8&)O? 5/"&5’)-")-7" )!"#/2’~’)25/"&5’ JT’ --0)
%554'()$Q)-”) MHE )%&)=@MMYO0’ e4’5-%o &, + &)%H#/O"6 ()4&(? 05-+8(Yo&,)"1)
safety risks and the overall benefit-risk profile. The IHE )+33’/-+&3’)
1"22"P5),2"$-+2)-+//0"6+25)" 1)32+(0%$%&’)-+$2’ -5)4&(’0)-7")-O+(’ )&+#’)
#46? &32+( 9 )%&}H#"0’)-2+&)> @)3"4.&-0%’5)5%&3’ E4,45-)=@M::)%&324(%E&,)
-Y 740" +8 W&%" &)YTW\;)!4- &-+(+:JE45-04+2%+:)U5S0+’2:)E0,’ &-H&+:) W&%-’()
E0+$)7#%0+4-’5:)!2%2’ +& (ST $+ &" &N)U&)=@MX<:*+6’ &324+( 9 P+5)4//0"6"( +)
in a total of 11 countries. Additional filings in other countries are
/2+&&’(N

F?’)0°542-5) 10"#) -?°) V’Q)#+,8&?-%3)0’5"&+&3’) Witt, %&,) Y *U \)
findings of the !TE.UFf )78-’&5%"&)5-4(Q)"1)*+6'&324( ° )¥32+(0%$%&’)
-+$2’-5\)P’0’ V4$2%5? ()%&R+E440Q)%E-?)_"40&+2)E? O4/"4-%3)E(6+&3’5)
in Neurological Disorders. The findings suggest that two-year treatJ
° YY ,%6’ &)"6’0)=@ )(+Q5\)?+5)+)(40+$2’)’ 11°3-)"&)
* U )(40%&,)"$5° 06+-%o"&) Jo&)Q’ +05)L)+&()>N

O&)*+032 )s:)P’)+&&"48&3’ ()/"5%-%6’ )0’ 542-5) 10"#)"40)K2+5" )UUS)
5-4(Q)%&)*A Of evobrutinib, an investigational, highly specific, oral
‘FC inhibitor and the first ‘FC )%&2?%$%-"0)-")52"P)32%&%3+2)/0"" LI" LI
3"&3°/-)%&).*A N)E2?)5-4(Q)# -)%-5VO%#+OQY &(/" 8-2)? #"&5-0+4-Fo&,)
-24-)"0+2)’ 6"$04-% & Jo$)0"542-’ () %&)+)32Fo8%3+22Q)#’ +8 % 8, 142)0° (43-%o"&)" 1)
("2% 8 IAHD’ & 24+ &3 To&, )FM)2’5%" &5)"8&).U_ )53+8&5)#° +540’ ()+-)P?’V5)
M=:)MB:)=@)+&()=>)%&)3"'#/+0%5" &)-")/+-Jo’ &-5)0’ 3° %6%o&,/2+3’$"N

U&) E/0%2:) (+--+) 1"0) #46? &324( ° )+&().°$%1 ° VY %&-’010"&) $’-+IM+4\)
EEI \);@-?)

#46? &32+( 9 )(+-+)/0°S? &-’ ()%&324( (/"5~’ 0/0" 5? &-+-%o" &5)2% 22%, 2- J
:)!TE.UFf )78-’&5%"&)+&() O.E!T7 J*A)
trials evaluating long-term safety and durable efficacy in patients

JUDUU)-0%+2)"1y*:e<L:) P%-)*AN
+) *04-"&]5) -QO"5%&’) V%8&+S’) YEC \) %&?%$%-"0:) Yo&) +-Jo’ &-5) P%-2) *) 3°22)
) UDUU) -?”)’11°3-5)"1)*+6° &32+(

U&)*+Q:) -?”) *42-%/2’) A32’0"5%5) R"40&+2)/4$2%5” () (4-+)"4-2%& Mo &,)
9) -0° 4-4 &-)"8&)/+-Jo’ &-5)P%-2) 2% ,22Q)+3-%6)
A N)FI)(4-+)52"P’ (-2+-)*+6 &324( 2 0° (43° (+2”)0%5V)" DBI#"&-?)
78/4+&(’ ()H%5+$%2%-Q) A-+-45) A3+2’) YTHAA \)/0",0°55%" &) $Q) <=g) 65)
/2+3°$"N

U&)R4&’ :)M>)+$5-0+3-5)P’0’)/0’5? &-’()140-7”0)3?+0+3-’0%d%E&,)-?”)
complementary profiles of Mavenclad? )+&().’$%1 ° )}+-+?’)>-?)!"&,0'55 )
"1)-2)740"+&)E3+(#Q)" DI’'40"2",Q)Y TEI \)%&)T%5$"&K)"'0-4,+2N

U&)O03-"$ QP’ Y0"5’ &-’ H=L)+$5-043-5:)%&324 (Yk, )&’P)S+1?-Q)HE()
efficacy data on Mavenclad? :).’$%1 ° )+&() %&6’5-%,+-%" &+2) -?’0+/Q)
°6"$04-%& %$)+-)-7’ )L>-2) !"&,0"55)"1)-2) 740" +&) !"##%-——"’) 1"0)
FO’+-#’ &-)+&().’5’+03?) %&) *42-%/2’) A32’0"5%5)Y  TIF.U*A  \)%&)°02%&:)
Y 0#4+&QN) F?’) (+-+)/0°S’ &-’()+-) TIF.U*A )$4%2()"&)-2’)’8%5-%&.,)
real-world and clinical evidence around the safety and efficacy of
¥+6’&32+( ° and reaffirm a positive benefit-risk profile of the oral
-0° +-# &-:)P2%3.2)%5)-+V’ &)1"O)+H+8 UoH#4#)" l= @ (+Q5)"6’0)-P")Q’ +05N)
"#$ % 8 ()*+& +, # &-).°7"0-

84

142’ ()"&)+&) %o&-’ 0+-’() +&4+342%2)"5)/+-%’ &-2) 50" #) -6’)
Y78.9:; =>: )+&() 2.8!7=
"5)(+-+)50"#)-6’)3"&,@-0#)  E.=*9=.= _ ).’,%2-04<)-6’)-0'+-#’ &-) #0 @
, &-)+(F'02’)’F’&-)G :=8= ) profile associated with Mavenclad")%&)
/+-%’ &-2)D%-6)*A was confirmed, with no new safety findings. Late-
$0" 41% &,)(+-+)50"#)-6’ )#C3-% @2/"&2"0’ ()=CO"/? +&) 9JK B Pregnancy
7 ,Jo2-04) +&() K"0(%B) 6’ +3-6) 0’ ,.%2-’02) 7 #"&2-0+~’ ()-6+-)-0' +-#’ &-)
D%-6)%&-’05’ 0" &)$" -+)5"0#C3+-%" &2)L)%&B3C(%&,).’ $46.)$5"0’)B"&B’/  @
-Jo" &)"0)(CO%E&,/0" ,&+&BA4)(%()&"-)+55’ B-)"C-B"#’2)5"0)-6)/0" ,&+&B4)
"'0)5"0}-6" )%&5+&-M)E"2%-%F’ 3+-’ @$0’ +1%&,)(+-+)50"#)-6’ NO @D’’1)0’2C3-2)
"5) -6’) ("C$3’ @$3% &(<) 0+&("#%P’ (<) /3+B’$" @B"&-0"33’(<) OQ@D”’Ix)
E6+2’ )99)2-C(4)"5)’F"$0C-%&%$) Yo&)/+-%’ &-2)D%-B)A_)D’0’)/0°2’ &-"()
4-)=1:.9*A — M):6’)2-C(4)#°-) %-2)/0% #404)’ &(/"%&-<)D%-6)’ F" $OC-%&%$)
RS#,)TU)G"&B’ (+%34VH-&ORS#,) 19U (twice daily) significantly reduc@
Jo8&,)-6° )&CHS’ 0)"5),+("3 %& SoCH@’ &6+8&B%&,):W)G:W)X(YV)3’2%"&2)#'+ @
2C0’ ()+-)D’’12)WN<)WZ<)N[)+&()NO)%&)B"#/+0%2" &)-")/+-%’ &-2)0’B’%F @
%&,)/3+B’ $"M

9&) +((%-Jo" &<)5"33"D%&,)-6° KAY &2%(? 2C-) B+#/+%,&) 3+C&B6)"&)
]"03()*A)U+4)+-)-6’Y’ &()"5)*+4<)* OBIIO'#% 0’ ()-6’)*A)9&2%(’)2C-)
Documentary film executively produced by Shift.ms during an event
"&)?B-"$'0 )WWM)8-)-6’)’F’ &-<)’ 0BI26"&’ 43%, 6-)"&)-6’ )\C&-"3()2-"0%'2 +)
of MS, as well as revealing the findings from a new global MS carers
2COF’4)B"&(CB-’ ()%&)B"33+$"0+-%" &)$’ -D”’ &)3’ +(%&,)%o&~’ 0&+-%o" &+3)B+0'0)

!78.9:; <)

"0,48 %P+-%o"&2B!?-) GOS-’0&+-%"&+3) 833% +&B’)"5) 1400) 20,48 %P+-%o" &2VI%o" &2)"5)+8+3422)"5)-6’ B6+2”

+8&()=CO"B+0’02M) :6’) (+-+)/0°2’ &-’() +-) =!.9*A  )5CO-6’O)(#"&  @
2-04-"()-6°)&??(S"OHI? 77 CE? 02-+ &(%8,)!"5)-6"2’ +55 B-’()$4)*A)
+&()-6’%0)B+0°02M

1" #$ % &" ($)&*!4$,-.° &)/-$!&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

14 (5(&.61!&$%!7(8(*-3'($)

1')+32")+&&"C&B’ ()%&) 103 %&) GX O#+&4V)-6’)D%&&K’02)"5)-6’) + &&C+3)

@A )-0%+32<)%&B3C(Wo&,)-D")+((Yo-Jo" &+3)4’ +02K0+8-)5"0)*C3-%/3” JAB3’0"2%2)9&&"F+-%" BYGAI V)8D+0(<)D6%B6)2C//"0-2)

the advancement of science and medical research in the field of MS
+&()/O"F%(°2)+),0+&-)"5)C/)-")% —-Y WSTEE<I[PD/0)4’+0)-")"&’)"0)#"0")
2°3’B-’()0’2’+0B6)/0"_’B-2M):6’ )D%&&’ 02)D’0’ JEO"5’22"0)J0+&B-+)U’0%C)
"5)-6° )' & IF’ 02%-4)"5)A+22+0%)G9-+34Va)E0"5’22"0)b’ & &%5’0)X" HH O#+8&)
+&() UOM) c+3’0%+) +4#+,3%+) "5)-6”) ‘& IOF’ 02%-4)"5) "0" &-")G14+&+(+Va)
F0"5’22"0)=(,+0)*? %&3)"5)-6’)9&2-%-C-’)"5)13%& %B+3)K’ CO" GHC &"3",4)
"5)-6°)‘& 90F’ 02%-4)"5)*C&%B6)GX’ 0#+- &4Va)+2)D’33)+2)U0M)X’ 0()*"4’0)PC)
de02-’) +&() E0"5’22"0) d’ %&P) ]%’ &(3)"5) *£&2-’0) *& IF’ 02%-4) d"2/%-+3)
GX’ 0#+&4VM

8-) -6°) 22-""+0-60%-%2) .’2’ +0B6) A"B%’ -4) 9&~’0& +-%o"&+3)G 28.49 V)
N[WQ)]"030!"&,0°22)L)6°3() %&)8/0%3) %.&)7%F O/""3)G'& %-’ ()E%&("#V LL)
WZ +$2-0+B-2<) %&B3C(%&,) -D") "0-+3) /0’2’ &-+-%" &2<) D’0’) /0°2’ &-(M)
*0BIh2/0’2’&B’}+-) 78.49 reflects the company’s dedication to help@
Jo8,)"/-To# WP’ )"C-B"#? 2) 5"0)/-+-%’ &-2) 3 %F% &,) D%-6) B60" & %B)/0",0°22%F’)
(%2’ +2’2<)D%-6)-6’ ),"+3)"5)CE’3"/%&, )&"F’3)(Wo2’ +2’ @#"(%54%&,)-6°0 @
+/9%?2)5"0)"2-""+0-60%-%2)G28VM) 20+3)/0" 2’ &-+-%o" &2)" &)2/0%5’ O#%&)"55° 0)
5C0-6’0) %&2%,6-2) 2C//"0-%&,) %-2) ("2’ @0’2/"&2’) 2-OCB-C0+3) °55°B-) %&)
/+-%’ &-2)D%-6)1&’’)?8<)"$2’ OF’ ()%&)’ +03%0)2-C(%? 2M

8-)-6’)=CO"/’+&)7C/C2)A"B%’ -4)% &)*+0B6)GUE22’3("05<)X’ 0#+ &4V<)
(+-+) D’0’)/0°2? &-’() "&) +-+B%B’/-<) +) 0’ B"#$ %&-+&-) 5C2%"&)/0"~” o&)
-6"C,6-)-")-+0,’-)-6’)B4-"1%&’2) 8E.97 )+&()174AM):D")"0+3)/0'2’&-+ @

+-+B%B’/-) %&) /+-%’ &-2) D%-6) 242-#%B) 3C/C2) 04-6’ #+-"2C2)G A7=V)
reported attainment of low-disease activity and reduction of flares
%o&)l-+-Jo’ &-2)D%-6)6% ,WT7=)(Jo2’ +2’ )+B-%E%-4M

)99BUU.=AA_ )99)B3%&%B+3)-0%+3)+22’22%&,)
UU FESR? ()* 484,” #7 &-) 770-1 #8 H&’ ($)&*14$,-.” &)/-$!1&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

Fertility

At the Grant for Fertility Innovation (OQ?) ceremony at the annual
meeting of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embry=
ology (ESHRE) in Barcelona, Spain, we confirmed our commitment
to supporting potential breakthrough research projects in the field
of fertility. With an amount of € 300,000, the OQ? is again supporting
the advancement of medical science, aiming to bring innovation to
life. The two winners - Louise Glover from Ireland and Cinzia Di
Pietro from Italy — received their awards during the ceremony, which
was also attended by Louise Brown, the world’s first person to be
conceived using in vitro fertilization (?RQ), as well as ?RQ)/i"&” 0)
Professor Bruno Lunenfeld.

General Medicine & Endocrinology

During 2018, we received further authorizations for Glucophage®)
(metformin) for the reduction in the risk or delay of the onset of type
2 diabetes when intensive lifestyle changes have failed. We now have
this indication in 40 countries, among them Brazil, United Kingdom,
Singapore and Saudi Arabia. Global roll-out in other countries is
"8,850

$5 (6&5 1! &$ H!2(<(*-3°($)

85

In July, the EU worksharing procedure was finalized and the German
Federal Institute for Drugs and Medical Devices (BfArM) recom=
mended the approval of our new formulation of Euthyrox® (levothy=
roxine) in 21 EU countries. The German BfArM decision was based
on a study demonstrating bioequivalence between the old and new
formulations and a dose form proportionality study with the new
formulation. The new formulation came at the request of several
health authorities worldwide. It was introduced in France in March
2017 and Switzerland in April 2018. Since October the product has
been available on the Turkish market. Following the positive recom=
mendation from BfArM, which is acting as a representative of all
21 EU countries involved in the EU worksharing procedure, we expect
the new formulation of Euthyrox® to be available in these countries
from 2019 onwards.

On September 28, we announced the recipients of the Grant for
Growth Innovation (00?) for 2018 during the 57th European Society
of Paediatric Endocrinology (ESPE) meeting in Athens, Greece. Appli=
cations were reviewed by an independent scientific steering commit=
tee consisting of six internationally renowned endocrinologists and
researchers. Research groups based in Finland and Italy were each
awarded a grant for innovation projects in the field of growth and
growth disorders.
8 6 IU FESR? ()* 484,” #7 &-) 770-1" #8 &’ ($) &*14$,-.” &)/-$!1&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

5 (6(&.5 1! &$ %!9(<(*-3°($)

BIOPHARMA PIPELINE }

as of December 31, 2018

Therapeutic area

Compound 2& (iG+-6"& Status
Neurology

Cladribine tablets (lymphocyte-targeting agent) Relapsing multiple sclerosis ~ 7 43-04-4"8°
Evobrutinib (BTK inhibitor) Multiple sclerosis Phase II
Oncology

Tepotinib (MET kinase inhibitor) Non-small cell lung cancer Phase II
Tepotinib (MET kinase inhibitor) Hepatocellular cancer Phase II
M2698 (p70S6K and Akt inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M3814 (DNA-PK inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M6620 (VX-970, AJ- inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M4344 (VX-803, AJ- inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M3541 (AJ™* inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M8891 (MetAP2 inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M7583 (BTK inhibitor) E? ##+-"4" 3G+4) A+, & +8473 Phase I
Immuno-Oncology

Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Non-small cell lung cancer, 1st line Phase ???
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Gastric cancer, 1st line maintenance Phase ???
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Ovarian cancer, 1st line Phase 222K
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Urothelial cancer, 1st line maintenance Phase ???
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Renal cell cancer, 1st line Phase ???
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) 1"G+45)+(6+8&G” ()87+()+&()& G2)G+&G70 Phase ???
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Merkel cell carcinoma, 1st line Phase II
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Solid tumors Phase II*
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Non-small cell lung cancer Phase II:
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Urothelial cancer Phase II:
Abituzumab (pan-av integrin inhibiting mAb) Colorectal cancer, 1st line Phase II"
M7824 (anti-PD-L1/JOQ-B trap) Non-small cell lung cancer, 1st line Phase II
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Solid tumors Phase I
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) EB? FF+-"4" G44) 44h, &+8G473 Phase I
M9241 (NHS-IL12, cancer immunotherapy) Solid tumors Phase I
M7824 (anti-PD-L1/JOQ-B trap) Solid tumors Phase I

UU FESR? ()* 484,” #7 &-) 770-1 #8 H&’ ($)&*14$,-.” &)/-$!1&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3! $5 (6&5 1! &$ H!2(<(*-3°($) 87

BIOPHARMA PIPELINE }
as of December 31, 2018

Therapeutic area )

Compound 2& (AG+-6"& Status
Immunology

Sprifermin (fibroblast growth factor 18) F3-7""+0-801-i3 Phase II
Atacicept (anti-BLyS/anti-APRIL fusion protein) Systemic lupus erythematosus Phase II
Atacicept (anti-BLyS/anti-APRIL fusion protein) 2, A)&” /80"/+-85 Phase II
Evobrutinib (BTK inhibitor) Rheumatoid arthritis Phase II
Evobrutinib (BTK inhibitor) Systemic lupus erythematosus Phase II
M1095 (ALX-0761, anti-IL-17 A/F nanobody) Psoriasis Phase II:
M6495 (anti-ADAMTS-5 nanobody) F3-7""+0-801-i3 Phase I
M5049 (immune receptor inhibitor) Immunology Phase I

General Medicine
M5717 (PeEF2 inhibitor) ~ 4440+ Phase I

More information on the ongoing clinical trials can be found at www.clinicaltrials.gov. Pipeline products are under clinical investigation and have not been proven to be safe and effective. There is
no guarantee any product will be approved in the sought-after indication.

°As announced on July 30, 2018, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) accepted the resubmission of the New Drug Application (NDA) for cladribine tablets.

«Avelumab in combination with talazoparib.

=Avelumab combination studies with talazoparib, axitinib, Al@ inhibitors, chemotherapy or novel immunotherapies.

“As announced on May 2, 2018, in an agreement with SFJ Pharmaceuticals Group, abituzumab will be developed by SFJ for colorectal cancer through Phase ??/?2?)G4&iG+4)-014+43C

3As announced on March 30, 2017, in an agreement with Avillion, anti-IL-17 A/F nanobody will be developed by Avillion for plaque psoriasis and commercialized by Merck.

ADAMTS-5_ A disintegrin and metalloproteinase with thrombospondin motifs

Akt Protein kinase B

APRIL A proliferation-inducing ligand

AJ* Ataxia Telangiectasia Mutated kinase

AJ. Ataxia Telangiectasia and Rad3-related kinase
BLyS B-lymphocyte stimulator

BTK Bruton’s tyrosine kinase

IgA Immunoglobulin A

IL Interleukin

#A$) ~MRNGH Bet) 48-4G" (5

MetAP2 Methionine aminopeptidase 2

PD-L1 Programmed cell death ligand 1

PeEF2 !"#$%&’()% eukaryotic elongation factor 2
PK Protein kinase

Joop Transforming growth factor B
88

Allergopharma

Allergopharma, our allergy business, is one of the leading manufac=
turers of diagnostics and prescription drugs for allergen immuno=
therapy. As experts, we are determined to fully understand allergies
as well as be able to discover new solutions and therapeutic concepts.
In close cooperation with research institutions and other partners
throughout the world, we gain valuable insights regarding the com=
plex immunological mechanisms responsible for allergy development.
And we pursue new paths in developing innovative treatments. Thus,
we want to create the best conditions today for the next generation of
products for optimally taking care of patients suffering from allergies.)

D/,(18:/($;(

Across our three Life Science business units of Research Solutions,
Process Solutions and Applied Solutions, our R&D teams are dedi=
cated to finding innovative solutions to our customers’ toughest chal=
lenges. In our Life Science business sector, we invest significantly in
R&D, with more than 1,750 employees working in various R&D func=
tions around the world.

In 2018, we continued to focus on delivering the promise of
accelerating access to health for people everywhere. We launched
nearly 13,000 products, including nearly 6,000 chemicals, while aim=
ing to:

S) Improve and expand our portfolio

S) Invest in new and disruptive technologies for the long term

S) Partner with the global scientific community

S) Meet customer needs

Advancing the global availability of our CRISPR_ technology

In early 2018, we received two patents for our CRISPR technology:
the first from the Korean Intellectual Property Office and the second
from the Israel Patent Office. These patents address cutting of the
chromosomal sequence of eukaryotic cells (such as mammalian and
plant cells) and insertion of an external or donor DNA sequence into
those cells using CRISPRC

In April, we were granted a patent for this CRISPR)%&3”0-%''&)
technology in China. Shortly thereafter, a paper we co-authored
entitled, “Ethical Considerations in the Manufacture, Sale and Distri=
bution of Genome-Editing Technologies,” was published in *+,- -%/(0#1 — -
2&)/1#"-&3-4(&,5+(0$ C)J8”)/+/7 0)84, 84, 8-3)-8” i##/""0-+8G )""9)3Gi” &G” =)
based bioethics in genome editing and novel processes to ensure
products meet the highest standards.

To complete an active year advancing the intellectual property
(IP) of our CRISPR technology, in October and December, respec=
tively, we were awarded Australian and European CRISPR)/+-” &-3)
for foundational genome-editing technology. The patents covered
paired Cas9 nickase technology to reduce off-target effects, advance
>” &”)-8704+/5)+&()073” +0G80)A)3 G"&()/+-? &-)G"6” 0:&, JCRISPR)i&3” 0=
tion was also awarded to Merck by the European Patent Office in
December.

IU FESR? ()* 484,” #7 &-) 770-1" #8 &’ ($) &*14$,-.” &)/-$!1&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

$5 (6&5 1! &$ MH! 2(<('*-3°($)

These patents expand the foundational CRISPR cutting and integra=
tion IP necessary to correct genetic defects in gene therapy patients
and to fix diseased genes while not affecting healthy ones. Further,
this allows us to license CRISPR=074+-” ()/+-” &-3)-"")i&- 707 3-” ()/+0-43)
and further supports genome-editing research under ethical and legal
standards. In total, we have achieved foundational CRISPR)/+-” &-3)
in seven markets, including Canada and Europe.

Partnerships and agreements to broaden our reach

In March, we signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with
Schneider Electric, a global specialist in energy management and
automation. The MoU aims to automate biopharmaceutical processes
for China’s biopharmaceutical industry and to help our biopharma
customers in their quest for reliable, less expensive and better med=
ical solutions.

In May, we announced a collaboration with Solvias, a Swiss con=
tract research and service provider, to offer our Pyro*AJ™ System,
a new Monocyte Activation Test (* AJ) kit for pyrogen detection. The
system offers a high-quality, ready-to-use in vitro method that does
not require live animal testing and detects the broad spectrum of
pyrogens. The new kit also eliminates the laboratory work required
~")FE+&-+4&)-8 7 G7 44) 4& 70

In June, we signed an agreement with HistoCyte Laboratories
Ltd, Tyne and Wear, United Kingdom, to be the exclusive multina=
tional distributor of the company’s portfolio of cell lines in the United
States and other select geographies. For our customers, the agree=
ment provides a cost-effective and practical solution to the problem
of tissue heterogeneity.

As we began the second half of 2018, we entered into a global
cooperation agreement with InnoCore Pharmaceuticals to provide its
proprietary SynBiosys®) $i" (7 ,0+(+$4")/"45##’ 0)/4+-9"0##)-") (767 4")
sustained release solutions for biologicals in injectable formulations.
This proprietary technology allows the development of injectable
sustained release biological formulations with conserved bioactivity
of these sensitive molecules.

An expanded portfolio to bene t our customers

We launched innovations across all segments of our portfolio through=
out 2018. In January, Applied Solutions released Steritest NEO, a new)
product that replaces the current Steritest EZ for sterility testing,
which is a flagship for our business. In February, Process Solutions
introduced Viresolve® Barrier capsule filters designed to remove
viruses, mycoplasma and bacteria from cell culture media, protecting
against bioreactor contamination. These filters are a key component
of our Viral Safety Assurance program to mitigate the risk of viral
contamination in upstream bioprocesses and minimize the potential
impact on drug supply and patient safety.

In April, Applied Solutions launched our new CellStream™ bench=
top flow cytometry system, a compact, customizable flow cytometer
that uses a camera for detection. The system expands the limits of
sensitivity, allowing scientists to tailor their instruments to their
needs in immunology, cancer research and many other areas.
UU FESR? ()* 484,” #7 &-) 770-1 #8 H&’ ($)&*14$,-.” &)/-$!1&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

In May, Applied Solutions also released its new Pyro*AJ™ in vitro
system for Pyrogen Detection, a new robust and sensitive solution
9"°0) 750", 7 &) (7-7 G-4""&C) ?-) 43) -8 7) 845) G7 Mad& 7) $43? () *"&"G5-”) AG-t=
vation Test (*AJ) provided as a ready-to-use kit on the market,
providing an alternative to animal-based testing. In July, we released
Milli-Q® HX 7000 SD, a new series of all-in-one water purification
systems to purify, store, distribute, monitor and control a type 2 pure
water supply entirely from one Milli-Q® HX 7000 SD system.

Over the course of 2018, we expanded our nanomaterials port=
folio with the launch of more than 250 new products. Our portfolio
includes inorganic and carbon nanomaterials for biomedical applica=
tions, novel 2D inorganics and alternative energy materials for use
in flexible electronics, implantable wearable sensors, batteries and
3°44+0)7&70,5), 7&7 0+-0"&C

Nanomaterials possess unique properties that drive the develop=
ment of advanced technology. In biomedical research, nanomaterials
are used to develop probes for high-sensitivity assays and imaging.
In theranostics, innovative nanomaterials enable breakthroughs in
nanomedicines for cancer therapies by improving therapeutic efficacy
and tumor-specific delivery, and minimize side-effects to improve
patient care. In applications beyond life science such as energy and
electronics, the unique properties of nanomaterials enable more
vibrant displays; they will also make enhanced energy storage and
flexible and wearable electronics a reality.

In September, Process Solutions announced three new products
to help biomanufacturers navigate the evolving biopharma landscape
with increased speed, greater flexibility and enhanced quality. The
Eshmuno® CP-FT resin is a first-of-its kind CEX)G80"##+-" ,0+/85)0 34&)
for the flow-through removal of aggregates from mAb therapeutics.
Two modified amino acids (Phospho-L-Tyrosine Disodium Salt
EMPROVE®) EXPERT, L-Cysteine S-Sulfate Sodium Sesquihydrate
EMPROVE®)EXPERT) simplify feeding and reduce total volume in cell
culture.

$5 (6&5 1! &$ H!2(<(*-3°($)

89

In October, Applied Solutions released the new Milli-Q® IQ 7003/7005
Integrated Ultrapure & Pure Water System. It is a fully integrated
Type 1 and Type 2 water purification solution that is intelligent, easy
to use and environmentally friendly.

In November, Process Solutions launched its new BioContinuum™
platform to advance biotherapeutic drug manufacturing through
improved efficiency, simplified plant operations, and greater quality
and consistency. This continuous bioprocessing platform integrates
what are typically batch-based, separate manufacturing steps into
a connected process, enabling continuous flow from the addition of
raw materials through product harvest, purification and testing. Pilot
studies suggest that conversion to continuous manufacturing may
reduce manufacturing costs by up to 50%.

Recognized for award-winning innovation

As a result of our long-standing efforts in Asia, in March we were
named the “Best Bioprocessing Supplier” and we received the “Best
Bioprocessing Supplier Award for Single-use Systems” at the Asia-
Pacific Bioprocessing Excellence Awards 2018 ceremony in Singapore.

In April, our Millistak+® HC Pro portfolio won an INTERPHEX)
Exhibitor Award for Best Technological Innovation. The Millistak+®)
HC Pro portfolio is a family of synthetic depth filters providing cleaner,
more consistent depth filtration media than other DE- and cellulose-
based filter offerings.

In October, we won two 2018 Convention on Pharmaceutical
Ingredients (CPhI) awards. Our Parteck®)MXP Excipient won the
“Excellence in Excipients” category and our modified amino acids
won the “Excellence in Bioprocessing and Manufacturing” category.

In November, our BioReliance®) Ri0+4) +&()O” &”)J870+/5) A33+5)
Portfolio and proxy-CRISPR)-”G8&""4"" ,5)-"""2)-"/)8""&'"03)9"'0)t&&"6-+=
tion at the R&D 100 Awards. These awards honor the 100 most
innovative and significant technologies introduced in the past year.
Over the past six years, we have won nine R&D 100 awards.
90

BC...’ &$3(1:&)(./8*6

With our Performance Materials business sector, we are the market
and technology leader in most of our businesses. As a science and
technology company we are, in many cases, able to offer innovative
products and solutions, which allow us to stand out from the com=
petition. Successful Research & Development (R&D) is therefore a
material part of the strategy deployed by Performance Materials. In
2018, the part of our R&D activities that is not close to the products
in the business units was combined with a central innovation unit,
Early Research & Business Development. Our goals in taking this
step were to sharpen our focus on our customers’ needs as well as
to centrally decide on the assessment of projects and the related use
of resources as part of an integrated approach to research and devel=
"SH? &C0

The unit develops a technology vision for Performance Materials
and supports the business units in identifying projects with growth
potential and tapping new markets. We evaluate the economic suc=
cess of our projects and expand our activities to encompass neigh=
boring areas in growing markets.

Display Solutions

In our Display Solutions business unit, our liquid crystal technology
UB=FFS (ultra-brightness fringe-field switching) continues its suc=
cessful growth thanks to new product qualifications and rising
demand in the liquid crystal displays (LCD) sector for mobile devices,
especially mobile phones and tablet PCs.

The development of high-resolution 4K and 8K TV sets continues
to pose a challenge to the light efficiency of LC displays. We are
therefore actively working to expand UB=FFS technology with our
UB-Plus liquid crystal materials.

Our aim is to increase the efficiency of applications for large-
format TV sets and display panels by 10% to 15%. The liquid crystal
technology PS-VA (polymer-stabilized vertical alignment) remains
predominant when it comes to large-format TV sets. Here, our latest
materials provide additional performance benefits and improve the
processing efficiency in the production of TV sets that are based on
PS-VA technology. Moreover, we have successfully demonstrated our
manufacturing expertise with respect to the new liquid crystal tech=
nology SA-VA (self-aligned vertical alignment). We are now focusing
our attention on applications for spezialized display products from

IU FESR? ()* 484,” #7 &-) 770-1" #8 &’ ($) &*14$,-.” &)/-$!1&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

$5 (6&5 1! &$ MH! 2(<('*-3°($)

the premium segment through to TV applications produced in large
numbers, as this technology offers the high G'"&-0+3-)+&() i##+, ”)
quality of the PS-VA technology while also ena$4i&, )i##/0"6” #” &-3)
in display design and panel production, for example through the
reduction of waste and energy consumption in the production of LCD3¢

Semiconductor Solutions

The technology area of gas-phase deposition materials (such as
atomic layer deposition, ALD) is an area with high growth rates for
our Semiconductor Solutions business unit. Thanks to increased
research activities in collaboration with original equipment manufac=
turers and chip producers, we are steadily improving our positioning.
Our research projects seek to identify new materials for metallization
processes with low resistance and various dielectric characteristics
for faster and better processors, servers and data storage density.

1 ”)8+67)+43"")i&6” 3-” ()i&)-8”)C7 674" / FF? &-)"9)+ (6+&G" ()0” #6 703)
used in the photolithographic process to provide customers with a
green alternative in compliance with upcoming environmental regu=
44-4" &30)

We are currently refocusing our product portfolio to better meet
the requirements of our customers operating in various compound
semiconductor markets such as sensors, radio frequency filters or
integrated circuits. Our conductive paste materials offer value prop=
ositions to our customers as compared with existing interconnect
materials, which are reaching end-of-life status.

To better support our customers, we have expanded our research
capacities in the United States, Germany and Taiwan, and are plan=
ning further research and production capacity expansions in Korea,
Japan and China.

Surface Solutions

In our business with pigments for the automotive industry, we are
currently focusing on the development of achromatic pigments. The
latest example is our Iriodin® Icy White Pristine for silky, three-coat
white stylings. Furthermore, we have expanded our regional appli=
cation labs to better support the marketing of our innovative clear-
coat additives, for example those manufactured on a polysilazane
basis. As part of the Smart Effects initiative, we are focusing the
development of cosmetic pigments on matte effects (Allure series)
and luster effects (Lights series). In addition, active ingredients of
natural origin are a focal topic for new cosmetic solutions.
IU FSR” ()* +84, #7 &-) 7S "0-!___ "HS H&K? ($)&*!+$,-.” &)/-$! KO-#)!) 1(12.-#3!

People at Merck

“Bring Your Curiosity to Life” - our promise as an employer describes
how we at Merck collaborate, how we advance our business, how our
employees can develop within the company and who we are. Our
C67 NSH? &-)i&-")+) 4" B+4)3Gi” &G” )+&()-” GBR" | 5)G"F#/4+8&5)"6” 0)-8”)
past 350 years would not have been possible without the passion,
creativity and curiosity of our employees. And we are certain that
our current and future employees safeguard our economic success.
They create innovations for patients and customers, and secure our
ability to compete. For this reason, the development of all our employ=
73 is such an important concern to us. In short, we are working to
create an environment where people are able to develop and to reach
their full potential.

A career with Merck is enriching - both from a professional and
a personal perspective. We offer the necessary framework conditions
that meet the individual needs of our employees, that encompass an
exciting range of tasks and advanced training possibilities, furthering
flexible forms of cooperation and a culture of mutual esteem and
respect. The latter is particularly important as our workforce repre=
sents a broad range of nationalities, cultures, religions and age
groups as well as a variety of personal and professional backgrounds.
We are convinced that this diversity paired with a corporate culture
based on mutual respect strengthens our innovative potential and
contributes to our success.

AFGSF+GH!A"!AIS!@GC?4AIJK!"+215G8!

As of December 31, 2018, we had 51,749 employees worldwide?)
(2017: 52,941). In 2018, we were represented by a total of 207 legal
entities with employees in 66 countries." )

DISTRIBUTION OF EMPLOYEES)

by region

6%)

1+-1&)A#? 01G+
3,340
21%)
H"0-8)A##” 0:G+ . 20%)
10,978 Asia-Pacific (APAC)
10,486
2%)
Middle East and)
Africa (MEA)
50%) .
Europe 1,153
25,792

——!B(-3*(!&)!:(.5E

91

?./</$9'1/$$-<&)/-$!)1.-#91! !
3#./-#6!3(-3*(

As a science and technology company, we are always looking for
new solutions and working to continuously evolve our approaches.
Engaged, curious employees are key to our ability to innovate - and
therefore also for our success. We need a corporate culture that
broadens the knowledge base of our employees, one that creates
exciting opportunities and motivates them to take a proactive role
in shaping the development of our company.)

"A8KG5+J2!+JJAFCK+FG!BAKGJK+CD!

Curiosity and a focus on new ideas provide a fruitful basis for inno=
6+-5""&)+& ()8+67 )+)/ "35-46 ” ##/+G-)" &)G" F##7+85)/ ” 09" 0F#+&G" C)?&)"0¢ 7 0)
to create a place - supplementing classic research and development,
where we can develop ideas into viable businesses beyond the cur=
rent scope — we opened the modular Innovation Center in Darmstadt
back in 2015. It serves as the prototype for our Innovation Center
that we opened in March 2018 as part of the 350-year anniversary
festivities. The Innovation Center offers our employees the opportu=
nity to explore new ideas in an inspiring setting and to work on
selected projects. Sufficient scope and adequate support, also in the
form of a suitable working environment, actively promote the inno=
vative strength of our employees. The strategic orientation of our
innovation activities is determined by innovation fields that are
related to our business fields and provide potential for revolutionary
technologies and business ideas. In 2018, in addition to the existing
innovation field of Biosensing and Interfaces, we defined two further
fields: Clean Meat and Liquid Biopsy technologies.

In order to contribute external ideas and offer the opportunity of
open innovation for our innovation projects, we are building strong
relationships with external partners in all industries and target the
start-up community via our Accelerator.

Apart from initiatives to generate ideas and advance projects,
the Innovation Center offers our employees various training courses
on topics such as innovative methods, creative techniques and devel=
oping business models. In 2018, initial projects in the Innovation
Center reached a milestone by becoming minimum viable products.
This includes a solution where Merck anchors real objects, such as
products, in a blockchain to make supply chains secure and thus
protect companies as well as end consumers.

°The Consumer Health business was transferred to Procter & Gamble (P&G) on December 1, 2018, and was already classified as a discontinued operation according to IFRS) ;)&)A/0%4)K<DLC)

With the completion of the sale, around 3,300 employees joined P&G.

“Merck also has employees at sites which are not fully consolidated subsidiaries. These figures refer to all people directly employed by Merck and therefore may deviate from figures in the

financial section of this report.
92

FCDI+J2!4IDKISCD!?+FG58+KL!

We are a global science and technology company with employees
who represent a varied cross-section of gender identities, national=
ities, cultures, religions, age groups and sexual orientations. They
contribute their professional backgrounds, individual life experience
and perspectives to their work. We believe that a diverse workforce —
paired with a respectful corporate culture — strengthens our ability
to innovate and contributes significantly to our business success.

Our Chief Diversity Officer is responsible for the strategic man=
agement of diversity and inclusion. The Diversity Council, a body
consisting of senior leaders from all business sectors and selected
Group functions, is specifically working on the implementation of our
diversity strategy, revised in 2018. Key elements of this are recruit=
ing people representing a breadth of qualifications, skills and expe=
riences as well as developing and retaining these people. In addition,
we support specific employee networks in order to foster exchange
among like-minded individuals. Apart from our women’s networks in
various countries, we also support networks that promote the inter=
”3-3)"9)-8” )LGBTIQ (lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans, intersex, question=
ing) community as well as African-American and international
employees. Our carer network brings together employees from all
over the world who care for a relative.

Our aim is to raise awareness for diversity and inclusion among
our employees. We piloted initial training sessions in 2018 to create
awareness of unconscious bias, which will be rolled out globally in
2019. Accordingly, around 380 employees have already been given
the opportunity to identify their own unconscious thought patterns
and stereotypes to help them avoid any unconscious unfair treatment
resulting from such bias. We also introduced the Job Analyzer, an
online tool that allows job advertisements to be checked for critical
wordings prior to their publication, thus fostering gender-neutral
communication with those applying for jobs.

As a global employer with intercultural expertise, people from
+)total of 136 nations work for Merck; 24.1% of our employees are
German citizens and 73.9% of our employees work outside Germany.
At our headquarters in Darmstadt, 11% of our staff comes from
89 different countries.

Women currently make up 44% of our workforce. However, the
ratio of women to men varies widely across the different regions,
businesses and functions. We are therefore working to raise the
proportion of women wherever they are underrepresented, taking
into account the situation typical for the industry as well as regional
(199707 &G" 3¢

I" FEGIR? () 484, #7 &-) 770-1 "#8 H&’ ($)&* 14S, -.” &)/-$!1&K0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

——!B(-3*(1&)!:0.5E

Demographic change is posing challenges to the society in Germany
as well as several other EU countries, the United States, China and
Japan. The average age of our employees is slightly above 41. We
assume that this figure will continue to rise in the coming years and
are preparing for this situation. As part of our range of “Health and
Well-being” offers, we specifically promote employee physical and
psychological well-being. These offers vary from country to country
and are adapted to local circumstances. In addition, we offer multi=
faceted continuing education throughout our employees’ careers.

In Germany, we signed the “Charta der Vielfalt” (Diversity Char=
ter) in 2013, the “Charta der Gleichstellung” (Equal Opportunity
Charter) in 2015 and the Inclusion Action Plan of the German Mining,
Chemical and Energy Industrial Union (?0)BCE) in 2017. By joining
these initiatives, we underscore our commitment to fairness and
tolerance in the workplace.

"#.)1(/$9!&$%!&6E/$9!-.(!-,)&*($)

We endeavor to identify and develop the abilities of our employees
early on. Our objective is to extensively develop current and future
employees and offer them interesting advanced training opportuni=
~4? 3)%&)"07 0)-"")/0” 7+07 )-8° ##)9"'0)F#"'07 )GB+4” &  2&, )- +3230

C!@AD+8K+4!5G451+K:GJK!CBBSAC4@!

When filling job vacancies, we pursue a holistic recruitment approach
coupled with globally uniform and binding procedures. This starts
with an internal job posting before external channels such as job
portals and recruitment agencies are used. This process enables us
to offer employees better development opportunities. For employees
with leadership responsibility, we offer targeted interview coaching
to support them in selecting candidates and to establish uniform
quality standards.

A globally accessible welcome portal is available to new employ=
ees in order to help them prepare for their new job at Merck and to
support their onboarding phase. To further improve the onboarding
process, supervisors, Human Resources and new employees can
exchange information and documents before their first day of work.
In addition, all new employees are assigned an experienced colleague
who can help them to familiarize themselves with the daily working
routine. Our managers are also given detailed information such as
onboarding plans and process descriptions to support them with this
-+320
UV FEGIR? ()* 484, 7 #7 &-) 770-1 "#8 &’ ($) &*14S,-.” &)/-$!1&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

FA4CK+AJCD!K5C4+J+J2!KA!5G451+K!LAIJ2!BGABDG

In 2018, we again maintained a constant, high vocational training
rate in Darmstadt, our largest site. A total of 562 young people were
enrolled in vocational training in 24 different occupations at our
headquarters in the reporting period. We give unlimited employment
contracts to all employees in vocational training who work in occu=
pations for which we have sustainable demand. On average, the
post-vocational training hiring rate - taking voluntary terminations
into account - was more than 90% over the past five years. We also
offer vocational training at other sites in Germany, in which a total
of 60 young employees participated.

We promote the professional and social expertise of our employ=
ees in vocational training through numerous regional and global
project activities. This included the support of a foundation for street
children in South Africa in 2018. Furthermore, through our “Start
in die Ausbildung” (Starting vocational training) program, we help
prepare young people who have not been able to find a vocational
training position. The number of interns increased slightly compared
to the previous year with 21 participants aged between 16 and 25
years. Although they have a school leaving qualification, they had
$” 7 &)3” +0GBL& , )9"0)+)6"G+-H" &+4)-O-+4&i& , )/"Si-h" &)9""0)+-)4” +3-)"&”)57 +0)
without success.

Since 2016, we have also been working on a specially developed
program to help refugees enter the job market. As part of the “Inte=
grating refugees through training” program, a further group of twelve
young people who were forced to flee their home countries started
language, technical, cultural, and career-related training to prepare
them for vocational training and thus for the labor market.

KC52GKG?!C?FCJ4G?!K5C+J4+J2!CJ?!:CM+:+N+J2! !
BG5"A5:CJ4G!4CBC>+D+KL

Our focus on systematic personnel development allows us to sus=
tainably strengthen the performance potential within our company
and to increase the motivation of our people. Only by expanding the
abilities of each individual can we count on innovative and curious
employees and managers in the future and flexibly respond to dif=
ferent requirements.

Employee development at Merck is founded on regular exchanges
and a culture in which employees aspire to high levels of performance
+&()7& 54+, 7H” &-0)A3)-8” )H+343)9'"0)1&-” 0&+44)3-04-" 5 4G)--+4” &-)FF+8+, 7=
ment, the performance and potential management process is globally
aligned for all employees in accordance with the same principles and
43) 7+0-) "9) +) 38+07 () 2J) 353-” FC) 1”) 353-” F#+-1G+45) GFF GIS’) -+47 &-)
recognition with performance assessments based on employee target

——!B(-3*(!&)!:(.5E

93

agreements, as we are convinced that ongoing feedback helps all
employees to grow in terms of their performance and potential.
Regular individual assessments permit us to more readily identify
high-potential employees and to further them accordingly. Clear
objectives, differentiated and open feedback, and individual devel=
opment plans are thus important prerequisites for both the personal
development of every individual and the success of the company.

Furthermore, we have established the “Merck Science Network”.
Due to the broad positioning of our company, we do not have a
central research and development organization that unites expertise
across our businesses. Through this project we are promoting the
establishment of a science community within the company to accel=
erate the exchange of innovative ideas and facilitate collaboration
among all our R&D employees. One element of this project is the
“Continuous Performance Dialogues” between 1,300 employees and
their supervisors to align performance and potential appraisals with
research and development needs. Other aspects focus on the
advanced training of experts and their career paths and on the trans=
fer of knowledge within the network.

Global classroom training courses and workshops developed spe=
cifically for teams help our employees develop and build individual
abilities in line with new requirements and perspectives. In 2018,
more than 4,100 employees participated. Digital solutions in the form
of more than 3,735 e-learning and languages courses are available
to our employees. To enable our employees to realize their full poten=
tial, we also provide local business- and function-related offers. All
measures are documented in a globally standardized development
74480

Individual development opportunities are also supported by our
job architecture. It applies globally and enables us to harmonize all
positions and to simplify their classification. This job architecture
defines three fundamental career types: managers, experts and
project managers. They are all equivalent. Employees who wish to
advance in their careers and aim for a top position within the com=
pany can also do so via the expert and project manager career paths.

>#/* To1$9\(°3-O(.(Yo!*(&%(.6

One of the major duties of our managers is to motivate and encour=
age employees to show their innovative strength. A dialog in a spirit
of partnership, the development of strategic competencies and the
continuous further development of our leaders help to build trust and
to strengthen our company’s success over the long term.
94

8K5CKG2+4!4A:BGKGJ4L!?GFGDAB:GJK

A transparent competency model is a further pillar of our personnel
development efforts. Managers and employees should show strategic
competence by being purposeful, future-oriented, innovative, results-)
driven, collaborative and empowering. By demonstrating these qual=
ities, our managers can build a strong culture of collaboration based
on curiosity, creativity and trust. In addition, our leaders are expected
to set an example by living the Merck values and taking responsibility)
for their own decisions. Based on this competency model, we have
defined six leadership behaviors that summarize the conduct we
expect from our leaders.

To assess the performance and potential of every individual and
to establish an effective leadership culture, regular and differentiated
feedback is of utmost importance. In this way, employees and super=
visors can develop a shared vision, execute the business strategy
and further develop a unifying corporate culture.

18+J2!K @G!ABBASKIJ+K+G8!B5AF+?G?! !
>L!?+2+KCD+NCK+AJ!

The digital transformation has been leaving its mark on the world
"9)work for a long time now. New, agile ways of working are thus
increasingly gaining in importance. At Merck, we want to support this
trend actively, which is why we are offering our employees many
opportunities for digital and innovative working.

Using the big data applications developed by People Analytics
within Human Resources, managers receive quick and targeted
answers to personnel-related questions. In addition to the traditional
master data, the software also holds information on compensation,
performance and potential as well as on commitment or succession
7448. 85& , )+& ()13)+$4” )-")4:&2)-843) (+-+0) J813)#” +&3)-8+-)4” +7 03)8+67)
a comprehensive data set at their disposal, which they are able to
use taking into account data protection provisions. The analyses
+0”)based on algorithms and allow the early identification of trends
(predictive analysis) and data-based decisions.

Our manager and employee self-services are another good exam=
ple of modern working methods. Employees can use these services
to manage their own data, retrieve information and perform personnel-
0744-7 ()-+323)%& (777 & C7 &-450)_)

Digitalization also features in our training and advanced training
70" ,0+##3) +3) J) 324443) +0”) $” GV FER, )'&G0” +34& , 45) t##7""0-+&-C) A-)-8”)
same time, digital media create new ways of learning. For this reason,)
we are integrating topics such as 3D printing and artificial intelligence
into our training content with increasing frequency. We are also
increasingly relying on new kinds of learning and innovation methods,)
such as scrum or design thinking.

I" FEGIR? () 484, #7 &-) 770-1 "#8 H&’ ($)&* 14S, -.” &)/-$!1&K0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

——!B(-3*(1&)!:0.5E

24+FG58+KL!CJ?!:CJC2G:GIJK!
In order to manage our global and diverse organization, we need
managers who can build international teams and promote interna=
tional collaboration so as to contribute to a productive and flexible
working environment. We seek managers whose inclusive leadership
style also reflects different employee and customer traits. This opens
up career opportunities for talented employees from all areas of our
company and ensures a broad experience base as well as differen=
b=? CC? GHB" &=F# +218 50

At Merck, many teams work across sites and internationally. The
diversity of competencies and experiences among the team members
offers tremendous potential that our leaders can make use of. Inter=
nationality and a global mindset characterize our company culture
and are therefore mirrored by our international management team.
In 2018, 63.6% of our executives were not German citizens. Alto=
gether, 70 different nationalities are represented in such positions.

Our goal for the period until 2021 is to maintain the proportion
of women leaders at a stable level of 30%, and we are working to
further increase the representation of women in leadership positions
and business units where they are still underrepresented. To achieve
this objective, during the reporting period we formed special teams
that are responsible for developing goals and measures at depart=
mental level to help us move female candidates into positions in
different areas and hierarchies. At the end of 2018, women occupied
32.3% of leadership roles Group-wide. These figures are steadily
increasing across the company as a whole, but not consistently
across business units, Group functions and hierarchical levels. The
report on stipulations to promote the proportion of women in lead=
ership positions at Merck KGaA pursuant to section 76 (4) and section
111 (5) of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) can be found
4&)-87) 1"0/"0+-7)O"6? 0&+8&G” )3” G-i""&)""9)-843)0”7""0-C

:CJC2G:GJK!B5A25C:8!"A5!GMG4IK+FG8!

We use targeted advanced training to nurture our top talent and
senior executives. The eight-month International Management Pro=
, 0+##)3-0" &, -87 &3)-8”)47 +(7 038i/)G" #7” -” &Gi 3) +&() 4" $+4)-Bi&24&, )
of top talent at the start of their career. In cooperation with leading
international universities, the Merck University has been offering a
cross-regional, modular advanced training program since 1999. To
date, 397 members of top management have taken part. Further=
more, Merck cooperates globally with academic institutions in order
to support employees who wish to earn an MBA. In 2015, we launched
management programs specifically for people managers in growth
markets, which focus on business management and Merck-specific
topics. These programs are offered in China, the Middle East, Africa
UV FEGIR? ()* 484, 7 #7 &-) 770-1 "#8 &’ ($) &*14S,-.” &)/-$!1&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

and Latin America, for example. Moreover, in 2018 we ran the
“Managerial Foundation Program” (MFP) for new people managers
in 20 countries with 795 participants. The “Advanced Management
Program” (AMP) for experienced leaders (“managers of managers”)
builds on the MFP and was attended by 242 people managers in five
countries. For the top management we also offer a “Global Leader=
ship Program” (GLP). This program addresses issues such as lead=
ership culture and prepares participants for the leadership challenges
of tomorrow. Since 2016, 678 leaders have participated in the GLPC

In 2018, we once again expanded our workforce pool to internally
fill management positions when they become vacant. In 2018 once
again, most management position vacancies were filled by internal
candidates. In addition, we recruited highly qualified external exec=
utives in order to add new perspectives to our long-standing in-house
expertise.

,4(.($)/8&)(%\6-*#)/-$6!)-!6#33-.)!
(°3*-7((!O(**PO(/$9

As an employer, we take on responsibility for the well-being of our
people and offer a wide range of opportunities to optimize work-life
$+4+8G")+&()-"")/0"-” G-)-8 10)8 7 +4-8)+&()3+97 -00

"A8KG5+J2!HASQPD+"G!>CDCJ4G
As a responsible employer, the physical and mental well-being of our
employees is extremely important to us. To enable employees to plan
their lives independently and to stabilize their long-term satisfaction
at a high level, providing a flexible and health-oriented working
environment is a special focus of our human resources work.

A healthy work-life balance is a crucial precondition for the
7’ 0formance ability and motivation of our people. We plan to roll out
+)Group-wide guideline on flexible working in 2019. At present, we
offer our employees at many sites around the world various flexible
and innovative working models. The “mywork@merck” working model)
allows employees at the German sites in Darmstadt and Gernsheim,
for example, to freely choose their working hours and location in
agreement with their teams and supervisors. In addition, we also
introduced “mywork@merck” for Merck Accounting Solutions &
Services Europe GmbH, Merck Export GmbH, Merck Schuchardt FEO,

——!B(-3*(!&)!:(.5E

95

Merck Selbstmedikation GmbH and Merck Chemicals GmbH. Employ=
ees no longer record their time electronically and must document
their hours only if they exceed their standard working hours within
the agreed working time framework. At the end of December 2018,
a total of 5,698 employees made use of this model. In 2018, 4.8%
of our employees worldwide worked part-time, 12.5% of whom are
FF &C

By offering information, advice and assistance in finding childcare
and nursing care as well as home and garden services, we help
"##/4"5" ?3)-")0? G&G” )-87) C7 ##+& (3) "9)-8 710) 09 334" &+4)+8&0)7 7 0=
sonal lives. At various sites, employees benefit from childcare options
that we subsidize. For example, a daycare center has been operating
at the Darmstadt site, looking after children between the ages of one
and twelve, for over 50 years. The adjacent new building houses a
nursery for up to 60 children between the ages of one and three
years. During the orientation phase, our employees can make use
of additional offices for parents at the daycare center. In addition, a
good ratio of staff to children is important to us to reliably supervise
-8” )G8i4C07 &C

C!KS5CJ8BC5GJK!CJ?!"DGM+>DG!G:BDALGG! !
5GHC5?!8L8KG:!
At Merck, we reward the performance of every individual through
appropriate and competitive total compensation. For years, we have
been achieving this through global processes and programs that are
supported by digital platforms. We also offer our managers flexible,
market- and needs-oriented compensation tools. These support
well-informed decisions and thus provide comprehensible, perfor=
##+8G7 =) +&() J"3i-4"8=$43 () GHZ” &34-4""&C) A/+0-) 90" FF) F#"& 7 -+05)
compensation components, we also offer our employees attractive
fringe and social benefits. Our fringe benefits feature globally under
the internal “benefits4me” brand. Its offerings comprise three pillars:
S) Company benefits including a company pension
S) Health and well-being
S) Service offers

Specific benefit packages are in place at a national level to meet
the different needs of our employees using well-established man=
agement mechanisms. Focusing more closely on individualized fringe
and social benefits in the future will continue to enable our employ=
ees to individually choose those benefits that best meet their per=
sonal situation and stage of life.
W#$%&? O*+&+, # &-)/"0-

96

1"02/3+4’) 5+6’-7)+&() 8’-+3-8) /0"~4-%"&) +0”) -8”) 8%,8" 5-)/0%"0%-7) +-)
*°(0429):-)%5)’ 514% +337) WH!" 0-+&-)-")35)-"(")’ <’ 07-8 %&,)o&)"0"="0)
-")10" <’ &-)="02/3+ 4’ >0°3+-’ () %338&’ 555) +8&()+44%(’ &-59) 1’) +//37)-8’)
3"5-)- [oH )J%&207)0+-’ )@AB:. C)}+5)+8&)% 8 %4-+-"0)-")(?~’ O# W&’)-8’)5:44'55)
"6)#°+5;0°5) +%# () +-)+44%(? &-)/0" <’ &-%" &) +5) ="33) +5) "44:/4+-Go" &43)
8°+3-8)+&()5-+6’-79)B8%5)2’ 7)’ 06" 0#4+-&A4 )%o8e(To4-+-"0)(? 540%$’5)-8’ \Ses# >
$°0)"6)="02/3+4’ 444%’ &-5)0’5:3-%&,) Wo&)3"5-)- Tot’ )"6)"&’ )(+7)"0)#"0’)
1°0)"&?  )#%33%" &)="02%&.,)8"3059)D6-’0)84+< %&,)0’+48’ ()-8’),"+3)"6)EQF)
-8+-)=’)8+()5’-)%&)EGHGI)% & JEGHEF)=’ 5’ -)";053<’5)+)& ’=])+#$%-%":5)
."+3])K7)EGEG)=" )%&-’ &()-")5;5-+% &+$37)3"="0)-8’)  AB:. )-")H9F9)1%-8)
+&)AB:. )"6)H9L)%&)EGHMI)=’)"<’0+48%’ <’ ()-8%5),"+39

Since 2010, we have been using the “BeSafe!” program to further
”N/+8&()"30)"445/4+-%o" &+3)5-+6’-7)+4-Jo< %o-%’ 59)O& M6" 0#)5-+8&(+0(5)+5)="33)
as local modules to meet specific safety requirements at individual
5%’ 5)A+&)8° 3/)+48%’ <’ H)S~’+(T)oH#/O" <°H#? B-)Mo&-8” 4:00" &-)5%o-3+-Jo"&9)
B8’)/0",0+#) 6"4:5°5)"&) ’&,+,%0&,) #+&+,’05) %&)-8’)5+6°-7)4;3-:0")

1" #$. % & ($)&*14+$,-." &)/-$!&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

——!4(-3*(1&)15(.67

D@2>A8D!2A:E8A!@54A:C@ @!<>DF@Cx!

1’) =+&-) -") 40°+-’) +) ="02%&,) "&<%0" &#? &-) -8+-) #/"="05) "30)

employees to think outside of the box and find new solutions, open>

J 8&,) -8’) (""0) =") 40" +-%<’) %(? +5) +&() -8’) (%54"<’07) "6) &’ =) #402’ -)

"11"0-;8& Jo-Jo’ 59):8&)"0(°0)-")/0"#"~”)-8%5)+&()-")+33"=);5)-")44+007)"s-)

<< &) $0) 4" #/40%5"&5) $"-8) =%-Bo&)-8’) 4"H/+&T) +&()=%-8)"30)

A" #1 -%-"05D=’ 4" &(:4-)VO"/>=% YH/3"'7Y & +, # &-)5:0<°75)

°<07) 7’ +09) :&) -8%5)=+7) =") ’ &5;0") +) 0’ ,;3+0) N48+4&,’) $’-="’&)

“H/3"77’ 513° +(05)+&()-8°)-"/)#4-&+, #’ &-9)BB8’ 8" &'5-)6"’ ($442)

=")0°4’ %<’) 60" #)5-+66)58"=5);5)=8"-8’ 0)-8°)+6"0'# &-Go"&’ ()# + >

5:05) +&() %& %-Jo+-Jo<’ 5) +0”) 5:44’ 556;3) +5) =" 33) +5) 8%,83 %,8-% &,) +0" +5)

=8'0)=’)44+.&) %#/0"<’ )6;0-8 09)
:&)W4-"$’0)EGHMI)-8’),3"$+3)'#/3"7"’)’ & +,’ # &-)5;0<’7)=+5)

$,4-I0&)4" &(:4~’ () o&)EE)3+&,:+,'5)+8&()-8’)5-+-35)"6) LoH/3’ # &-+-Jo" &)

0°<%’='(9)D0";&()XFIGGG)’#/3"7’5) @MTYC)-""2)/+0-9)W;0) VO";/>

=%(’)54"0’1)=8%48)% &(%4-+-’5)8"=)+--+48’ ()":0)'#/3"7"’5)6"°3)-")-8”)

A"#/+&T)=+5)THY 91’ 40 8:5)" & + +0)=%-8)"-8’ OV 8+0#4-4’ ;-%443)

+8 ()$:%3([o8&,)-8’ %0)$:7> %&P) %o-)+ WHS) -" #42’) 546-7) +&) %o8-O%&5%4)<43:’) +&()48"#%443)4"#/+8&%’ 59)BB’ 5’)5:0<'75)+0")5//3'# &~’ ($7)S#433 0)

+8()°#/"=0)"30)°#/3"77°5)-")-+2) 0°5/"&5%$%3%-7) 6"0) -8’ %0) "=8)
5+6-79):&)EGHMI)=’)4"&-%&:’ ()-")5° &5%o-%oQ’ )":0)'#/3"'7'5)-")="02 >
/3+4’)8-+Q-+0(5)-80"s,8)&:#°0":5)+=+0" &55)4-+H4/4+-%,859

R%&4’ EGHGI)*’042)8+5)$”&)/0’5’ &-%&,)-8’)R+6’-7)SN4’33’ &4’)
D=+0()}+8&&:+337)%&)"0(°0)-");8(°054"0")-8’)%H#/"0-+&4’ J"6)5+6’-79):-
0+8-’()-")+33 V0" (:4-%" &)S %-’ 5)=%-8) 8" =" 02/344 +44 %(’ &-5)" &O'4"0()
6"0)-8°)7’ +0P) %&)EGHMI)%-)=+5)+=+0(’ ()-"TE)";-)"6)UG)5%-’59

)%5)

“snapshot surveys”, where employees are asked about selected
5-0+-’ ,%4)%55;’5)"0)/0"? 4-59

B8’)0°5;3-5) +0’) :5’()-") %( &-%67)5-0-+-’ ,%4)6"4:5) +0" +5) +&()-8'7)
6°’ ()%o&-")-8’ )A"#/+ &7>=%(’ )="02)" 8) +&)" 8," ok, )$+5%59
UV FEGIR? ()* 484, 7 #7 &-) 770-1 "#8 &’ ($) &*14S,-.” &)/-$!1&0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

——!B(-3*(!&)!:(.5E

97

OVERVIEW OF EMPLOYEE FIGURES?) })

Merck (overall)

Merck (overall)

Merck (overall)

Dec. 31, 2016 Dec. 31, 2017 Dec. 31,2018
global, total 50,414 52,941 51,749
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 10,754 11,294 10,486
Europe 24,438 25,980 25,792
Number of employees $5)07 4"& = 14-4&)AFF” 01G+ 4,140 4,050 3,340
Middle East and )
Africa (MEA) 1,045 1,097 1,153
H"0-8)A##’ 01G+ 10,037 10,520 10,978
global, total 49,652.7 52,223.5 51,039.8
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 10,725.3 11,272.1 10,462.9
Europe 23,727.1 25,302.5 25,126.8
Number of employees (FTE — full-time equivalents) $5)07 4"& = 14-4&)AF” 01G+ 4,136.5 4,046.2 3,339.5
Middle East and )
Africa (MEA) 1,041.8 1,096.1 1,151.1
H"0-8)A##’ 01G+ 10,022.0 10,506.7 10,959.6
Number of countries NN NN NN
Number of legal entities global, total KD; 217 207
Number of nationalities global, total 129 D-D D-N
Number of nationalities working in Germany 91 97 95
Percentage of employees with German citizenship 23.1% 23.2% 24.1%
Percentage of employees working outside Germany 75.3% 74.9% 73.9%
Percentage of employees with global managers 9.7% 10.2% 10.6%
global, total 42.8% 43.1% 44.0%
Percentage of women in the workforce
1&)O” 0##+85 38.6% 39.1% 38.9%
Percentage of women in leadership positions (= role 4 or higher) global, total 28.8%! 30.3%: 32.3%
1&)O” 0##+85 28.7%: 29.7% * 30.9%:
global, total 5.7%: 6.0%34 6.5%:
Percentage of executives (= role 4 or higher) Percentage of executives who )
are not German citizens 64.7%: 64.4% 63.6%:
Number of nationalities 70: N35 70:
Number of employees in vocational training in Germany 576 3LL N<M
R™G+-i""&+4)-0+484&, )0+-” 5.1% 4.4% 4.1%
Number of employees in the “mywork@merck” model (Germany) 4,507 5,267 5,698
global, total 4.7% 4.6% 4.8%
Percentage of employees working part-time ~R 10.6% 10.7% 12.5%
Percentage of employees aged 17-29 years global, total 14.7% 14.5% 14.5%
Percentage of employees aged 30-49 years global, total 62.5% 62.1% 61.1%
Percentage of employees aged 50+ global, total 22.8% 23.4% 24.4%
A6B70+,7)+, 7) 4° $+45 MDC: MDCM 41.7
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 36.7 36.9 36.9
Europe MKCM MKC 5 MKCL
AG? 0+, °)+,7)$5)0" 3"& 1+-1&) AF’ 01G+ 39.9 M<C : M<CM
Middle East and Africa (MEA) 39.3 39.4 39.2
H"0-8)A##? 0'G+ MMC = MMCcD MMCD
O07 0#+85 42.9 MzC< M-Cz
A670+, 7)4” &,-8)""9)3” 061G” global, total 9.9 9.8 D<C<
A670+, 7)4” &,-8)"9)37 06:G” )1&)O” 0F# +85 DMCK DMC< DMC 5

Merck also has employees at sites that are not fully consolidated subsidiaries. These figures refer to all people directly employed by Merck and therefore may deviate from figures in the )

financial section of this report.

“The Consumer Health business was transferred to Procter & Gamble (P&G) on December 1, 2018, and was already classified as a discontinued operation according to IFRS) ;)*&)A/0#4)K<DL())

With the completion of the sale, around 3,300 employees joined P&G.
Not including Sigma-Aldrich legal entities in Germany or Allergopharma.
“Ratio adjusted retrospectively.

Not including the Sigma-Aldrich legal entity in Steinheim (Germany) or Allergopharma.
98

I" FEGIR? () 484, #7 &-) 770-1 "#8 H&’ ($)&* 14S, -.” &)/-$!1&K0-#)!) 1 (12.-#3!

——!B(-3*(!&)!:(.5E
REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION

99 136

REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION

101
Macroeconomic and Sector-Speci c Environment

104
Review of Forecast against Actual Business Developments

11
Course of Business and Economic Position

Merck Group

Healthcare
Life Science
Performance Materials

Corporate and Other

W#$% &? *+&+, # &-)./"0- $I" #$ % &? 1% (!)* %o(Go+,*!-%.,” Go!

—!/0* & HF (G+, * OL I2H#*” WR I2SH* 4, *1)(5,& F(+#C

101

Report on Economic Position

Macroeconomic and Sector-Speci c Environment

According to the most recently available figures from the Internal
tional Monetary Fund (IMF), the global economy faced rising growth
expectations in 2018. Forecast growth in 2019 is expected to be
slightly below the level of the two previous years. Although the global
economy thus continues to expand, growth in the third quarter of
2018 fell short of expectations in a number of economies. Risks to
global growth include, in particular, a further rise in trade barriers
and the outflow of capital from emerging economies.

Expressed in figures, according to the latest IMF forecasts global
gross domestic product (234 ) rose by 3.7% in 2018, equivalent to
a slight decline in the growth rate in comparison with 2017 (3.8%).
Strong regional differences and differences between industrial
nations and emerging economies could be seen. Industrial nations
registered a slight weakening of growth to 2.3% (2017: 2.4%). At
4.6% (2017: 4.7%), growth in the emerging economies and devell
oping countries also declined slightly. The 234 of the United States,
the world’s largest economy, grew by 2.9% (2017: 2.2%). By conl
trast, the eurozone recorded a weakening of 234 growth to 1.8%

(2017: 2.4%). The emerging economies of Asia registered stable
growth of 6.5% (2017: 6.5%). As in 2017, India at 7.3% (2017:
6.7%) and China at 6.6% (2017: 6.9%) were the strongest growth
drivers. In the industrialized countries of Asia, the 234 of Japan grew
by 0.9% (2017: 1.7%) and that of Taiwan by 2.7% (2017: 2.9%).
Korea registered growth of 2.8% (2017: 3.1%).

Organic sales growth of Merck was above the IMF’s global growth
expectations in 2018 and came to 6.1%. It was supported by all
regions. Asia-Pacific accounted for the largest share of growth across
the Group at around 42%, followed by Europe at 24.6%, North
America at 20.2%, Latin America at 11.5% and the Middle East and
Africa at 1.8%. Growth was driven primarily by the Healthcare and
Life Science business sectors, while Performance Materials came in
slightly above the 2017 figure. Growth in the Asia-Pacific region was
supported by all business sectors. Healthcare and Life Science made
a positive contribution in Europe as well as in the Latin America
region. Growth in North America was principally the result of oper!
ations in the Life Science business sector.
#$% &? *+& +, # &-)./"0- $I" #$ % &? 1% (')* %o(Go+,*!-%.,” SoC!

102

—!/0* & GH * Mo (G+, * OL I2#* WRI2SH*4,*!)(5,& F(+#C

pe

Development SO 7T#&-)  )
2018 5 895:

Healthcare
Global pharmaceutical market 4.8% 83:<
Market for multiple sclerosis therapies*® 2.6% 7.4%
Market for type 2 diabetes therapies*® 9.7% 9.2%
Market for fertility treatment*® 9.2% 7.4%
Market for the treatment of colorectal cancer- 5.1% >Py<
Life Science
Market for laboratory products 3.6% 3.4%
Share of biopharmaceuticals in the global pharmaceutical market*® 27.9% 25.9%
Performance Materials
Growth of wafer area for semiconductor chips 7.6% 59;9<)
Growth of LC display surface area* 8.6% 6.0%
Global sales of cosmetics and care products ==< 3.5%
Global automobile sales volumes 9;9< 838<

5 Predicted development. Final development rates for 2018 were not available for all industries when this report was prepared.

’Srowth rates based on market data in local currency, translated at a constant euro exchange rate. The IQVIA market data on the growth of indications are based on current figures, including the
third quarter of 2018. Annual growth based on the values for the past 12 months. The type 2 diabetes market excludes the United States, since this market is insignificant to Merck.

=Growth rates based on market data stated in U.S. dollars. Market data from EvaluatePharma on the growth of indications are based on published company reports and are subject to exchange

rate fluctuations.

*Growth of display area is a pure volume indicator, which is counteracted by a negative price momentum.

6)7896:7")

In the latest study published in October 2018 by the pharmaceutical
market research firm IQVIA entitled “Market Prognosis 2018-2022”,
the growth of the global pharmaceutical market for 2018 is quantified
at 4.8%. By comparison, in 2017, sales growth was only 2.7%. As

#40 ket is relevant for our business. According to IQVIA, the market
volume of biological pharmaceuticals was approximately € 249 billion
in 2018. In recent years, the share of the global pharmaceutical
market accounted for by these products has grown continuously and
already amounted to 27.9% in 2018 (2017: 25.9%). Globally, the

was already the case in 2017, the ?*?@ )+&()A+-%&) @#’0%B+)0’,%"&C) largest share, or 37.8%, was attributable to the U.S. market.

were the main contributors to growth in 2018. North America also
fueled growth. In the United States, growth accelerated substantially
to 5.2% (2017: 1.4%). Latin America continued to see strong growth
of 8.3% (2017: 8.0%). The ?*?@ region generated growth of 5.0%
(2017: 3.6%). The Asia-Pacific region recorded a slight increase in
growth to 3.2% (2017: 2.8%).

Not only the growth of the pharmaceutical sector as a whole,
but also in particular the development of the biopharmaceutical

The developments in the therapeutic areas of relevance to Merck
generally reflect robust growth, albeit with different trends. The market)
for the therapeutic area type 2 diabetes excluding the United States
showed a positive trend with a growth rate of 9.7% (2017: 9.2%)
and those for fertility and the treatment of colorectal cancer also saw
positive growth rates of 9.2% (2017: 7.4%) and 5.1% (2017: -0.7%),
respectively, whereas the market for multiple sclerosis patients reg1
istered a weakening of growth to 2.6% (2017: 7.4%).
W#$% &? *+&+, # &-)./"0- $I" #$ % &? 1% (!)* %o(Go+,*!-%.,” Go!

8; <)!2:;)=:)

Our Life Science business sector is a leading supplier of products and
services for both research and applied laboratory applications, as well
as for formulating, purifying, manufacturing and quality-assuring
drug therapies of chemical and biological origin.

According to the market research firm Frost & Sullivan, the lab1
oratory product market relevant to Research Solutions and Applied
Solutions achieved growth of 3.6% in 2018 (2017: 3.4%). Strong
growth continued over the course of the year and was driven pril
marily by customers in the biopharmaceutical industry, specifically
emerging biotech companies. The European market grew by 2.4%
compared with the previous year (2017: 3.5%). The weakening of
growth is attributable to continuing uncertainties, for example result!
ing from Brexit. The market in the United States grew by 4.2%
(2017: 3.1%), driven by increased National Institutes of Health (NIHD)
funding and the tax reform. The emerging countries recorded higher
growth rates, particularly in China and India. The Chinese market
grew by 7.0% (2017: 7.8%). Although Chinese 234 growth is slowl
ing down and the tariff and trade relationships have led to uncertain!
ties in procurement, China remains interested in financing scientific
tools and in product investments in the laboratory area, which are
considered key priorities of the 13th Five-Year Plan. India generated
growth of 8.2% (2017: 8.0%) with laboratory products, and is focus1
ing more strongly on supporting academic and government research.

The demand for Process Solutions products depends heavily on the
sales of biopharmaceutical companies with biologics as well as on the
productivity of their research & development activities.
@BB"0(%&,"JQVIA, the market volume of biotechnological phar1
maceuticals grew in 2018 to € 249 billion (equivalent to 27.9% of the)
global pharmaceutical market). Around 7,800 biotechnological drug
candidates were in preclinical phase 2 of clinical development. In
2018, monoclonal antibodies accounted for around 25% of these drug
candidates (2017: 23%). Biosimilars are a small, but fast-growing

—!/0* & HF (G+, * OL I2H#*” WR I2SH* 4, *1)(5,& F(+#C

103

part of the pharmaceutical market. For 2018, annual sales of biol
similars were estimated at US$ 5.95 billion; this figure is expected
to increase to US$ 23.63 billion by 2023.

-)"<>"/7=:) 1/79) "3782

The semiconductor industry is the most important market for busil
ness with material for integrated circuits (IC Materials). The growth
rates of the wafer area for semiconductor chips is independent of
cyclical prices, for example for memory, and is a good indicator of
demand for semiconductor materials. According to the global indus1
-OE}+CC"B%+-%'"BHMI, the area of delivered wafers rose by just under
8% in 2018, mainly thanks to consistently strong demand from B"&l
sumers. Sales of semiconductor manufacturers, which have grown
even more sharply, are affected by the price trend of 3.@* )+&()NAND)
##"0E)BF%/C;

With its Liquid Crystals business, Merck is the leading producer
of liquid crystal mixtures for the display industry. The growth rates
of display surfaces totaled on average around 7% in 2017 and 2018,
according to surveys by market researchers at IHS)3%C/7+EG’+0BF;)
This growth was mainly attributable to increasing average display
size amid slightly declining sales volumes. Liquid crystals will con1
tinue to play a key role in the display industry in the future. HA?3 )
technology, for which Merck also ranks among the leading material
suppliers, is gaining importance in the high-quality display sector.

The markets for automotive coatings and cosmetics are crucial
to Merck’s Pigments business. As reported by IHS, global automobile
sales in 2018 remained at the 2017 level. Only a few emerging econ1
omies recorded growth while Europe, North America and China
showed a slightly negative trend after high 2017 figures. In the
second half of 2018, in particular, economic relationships between the
United States and China together with political uncertainties in Europe
contributed to a weakening of demand. According to Statista, global
sales of cosmetics and care products rose by approximately 3%.
W"#$ % & ()*+&4,# &-)2/"0- 1 "#$ % &?!%(1)* %(Go+,*!-%.,”,G(!

104

5 #21%41< KH". 10@0,(.°17* AOBICA.,(#..!

D#5#B%S+#(.

Review of Forecast against Actual Business

Developments

The forecast of the Merck Group for fiscal 2018 published in the
Annual Report for fiscal 2017 comprised the three business sectors
of Healthcare, Life Science and Performance Materials. On Septem1
ber 5, 2017, Merck had announced that it was examining strategic
options for its Consumer Health business. This analysis had not been
completed by the time the 2017 Annual Report was prepared, and
as of December 31, 2017, the Executive Board concluded that a
divestment of the Consumer Health business within twelve months
was not regarded as highly likely. As a result, the forecast at the time
included the Consumer Health business.

On April 19, 2018, Merck announced the signing of an agreement to
divest its global consumer health business to Procter & Gamble (P&G)
for around € 3.4 billion in cash. At the time, the transaction was
expected to be signed at the end of the fourth quarter of 2018. Sign1
ing took place on November 30, 2018. In order to ensure the sys!
tematic continuation of the forecast from the 2017 Annual Report and
assess the further development with respect to the Consumer Health)
business, Merck presented its forecast for the expected sales and
earnings of the Merck Group and the Healthcare business sector as
of the first quarter of 2018 both with and without the Consumer
Health business. In its report on the second quarter of 2018, the
Consumer Health business was classified as a “discontinued operal
tion” in accordance with IFRS 5. Consequently, the prior-year figures
and the figures for the first quarter of 2018 were adjusted accord1
ingly, as was the Merck forecast. At the same time, the key drivers
of the forecast — organic sales and EBITDA pre growth for the Group
and for the business sectors together with their exchange rate effects
in each case - remained unchanged.

Due to this portfolio change, the following analysis reflects the new
structure of the Merck Group: it takes the Consumer Health business
into account as “discontinued operation”.

=)9!278)2
For 2018, we had forecast moderate organic net sales growth for the
Merck Group. In the second half of 2018, Merck recorded more
dynamic sales growth in all business sectors than expected at the
start of the year; this means that for 2018 as a whole we realized a
strong organic rise in net sales of +6.1%, thereby slightly exceeding
our forecast.

Due to the emerging unfavorable development of the exchange
rate between the euro and the U.S. dollar and various currencies in

the growth markets at the start of the year, we anticipated a mod1
erately negative exchange rate effect on our net sales. At the same
time, we assumed that the charges would be greater in the first half
than in the second half of 2018. This assessment was confirmed: the
negative exchange rate effect in 2018 as a whole was —-3.9%. From
the middle of 2018 onward a perceptible easing of the exchange rate
between the euro and the U.S. dollar was observed, as expected,
although a number of different currencies in the growth markets,
particularly the Latin American currencies, showed a less favorable
than expected development in the second half of 2018.

Healthcare

In 2018, our Healthcare business sector generated solid organic sales
growth of +5.2% (or € 324 million), thus meeting our forecast of
moderate organic growth. Sales growth in 2018 was supported by
the continuation of good organic sales growth in the General Medicine
& Endocrinology and Fertility business units in our growth markets
(€ 179 million) and the contribution to sales made by our newly
approved products Bavencio! )+&() *+6’&B7+( !, which slightly
exceeded our expectations. Both products together generated sales
of € 160 million in 2018 and thus contributed € 138 million to organic
sales growth.

Life Science

For our Life Science business sector, at the beginning of the year we
had forecast solid organic sales growth, slightly above expected
medium-term market growth of around + 4% per year. The business
sector achieved very strong organic growth of + 8.8% in 2018. This
means that it exceeded the top end of our forecast of between + 7%
and +8% that we had raised in our report on the third quarter of
2018, thanks to the very positive organic sales development in the
fourth quarter of 2018. As expected, Process Solutions was the most
dynamic business unit, delivering the largest contribution to organic
sales growth within Life Science. As expected, Applied Solutions and
Research Solutions also contributed positively to the organic sales
performance, albeit to a significantly lesser extent than Process
Solu-%"&C;

Performance Materials

Contrary to our original expectation of a slight to moderate decline
in organic sales, the Performance Materials business sector gener1
ated a slight increase in organic sales of +1.7% in 2018. Since the
third quarter of 2018, various capacity expansion projects by our
W"#$ % &? ()*+&4,# &-)./"0- !___I"#$ % 8" 1% (1) * %( G+, *!-%.,” FOC!

customers in the display industry have prompted an increase in
demand for our liquid crystal materials in the Display Solutions busi1
ness unit. Prompted by this development and by sales growth of
Semiconductor Solutions in line with our expectations, we raised our
estimate of organic sales growth to between -1% and +1% in our
report on the third quarter of 2018. This temporary upturn continued
in the liquid crystal business in the fourth quarter of 2018, as a result
of which organic sales growth of the Performance Materials business
sector in 2018 slightly exceeded our updated forecast range, at +1.7%.

)C;9D7!-")

For 2018 we expected a slight organic decline in EBITDA)/0’)"6’0)
the prior year for the Merck Group. Furthermore, because of the
difficult foreign exchange environment, we expected negative
exchange rate effects to depress EBITDA pre by between -4% and
-6% over the prior year. In 2018, EBITDA pre came to € 3,880 mill
lion, equivalent to a decrease of 10.5% compared with the prior
year (2017: € 4,246 million). The organic decline of -1.6% entailed
by this figure was in line with our forecast. By contrast, at -8.9%
the foreign exchange effect on EBITDA pre in 2018 as a whole was
substantially more negative than expected at the start of the year,
although it was in line with the range of between -8% and -10%
which we had adjusted in the course of our reporting on the third
quarter of 2018. The expected advantageous development of the
euro against the U.S. dollar in the second half of 2018 was more
than offset by the continuing depreciation of various emerging marl
ket currencies versus the euro, particularly of the Latin American
currencies. During this period in 2018, the Argentine peso and the
Brazilian real performed significantly worse than we had expected at
the start of the year.

Healthcare

For our Healthcare business sector we are forecasting a slight organic
('B0’+C’)%&)EBITDA pre over the prior year due to the continuing rise)
in research and development expenses to develop our pipeline, par
ticularly in immuno-oncology, and the disappearance of exceptional
income from the prior year and a slight decline in organic)EBITDA)
pre over the prior year. In addition, we had expected moderately
negative exchange rate effects. In 2018, EBITDA pre in Healthcare
amounted to € 1,556 million (2017: € 1,773 million). This is equiv1
alent to a decline of -12.2% over 2017; the organic drop of -1.6%
corresponded to the forecast we issued at the start of the year. The
exchange rate effects had a substantially greater negative impact
than expected at the start of the year. As a result, in our reporting
on the third quarter of 2018 we changed our forecast range to
between -9% and -11% and closed out the year 2018 at -10.7%.

Life Science
For Life Science we had expected organic EBITDA pre growth to be
similarly dynamic as in 2017 at around +8% due to the expected

521415 %KH*O.’10@0,(.°17* AOBICA.,(#..! D#5#B%S+#(.

105

organic sales growth and continuing realization of synergies from
the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich, which remain on schedule. With
€ 1,840 million, the business sector delivered organic growth of
+7.0% and was thus below the forecast range we had given at the
beginning of the year. The exchange rate developments depressed
EBITDA pre by -3.9% and thus corresponded to our forecast of a
moderately negative exchange rate effect.

Performance Materials

Owing to the expected corrections in the Display Solutions business,
we forecast an organic percentage decline in EBITDA pre for the
Performance Materials business sector totaling a mid-teen percent1
age figure at the start of the year. For the exchange rate effects we
moreover projected a moderately negative charge on EBITDA)/0’)
over 2017. For 2018 as a whole, Performance Materials achieved
EBITDA pre of € 786 million. This corresponded to a drop of -19.8%
over 2017, of which -12.9% was attributable to the organic business
performance and a further -6.9% to exchange rate developments.
Both key financial indicators were thus within the ranges we had
indicated at the start of the year.

Corporate and Other

EBITDA pre of Corporate and Other, which reached a level of
€ - 381 million in 2018, was within our forecast range of € - 360 mill
lion to € —400 million that we specified at mid-year. Compared with
the prior-year figure of € -292 million this corresponded to a rise in
costs of 30.6%. This development was primarily attributable to losses
from our currency hedging, which were higher in the second half of
2018 than had been expected at the start of the year. We did, how1
ever, reach the forecast we issued at the start of the year, which
provided for an increase in expenses for Corporate and Other
amounting to a low single-digit percentage figure.

CE2;=)22!<"))!:726!<8>F

For 2018, we expected business free cash flow of the Merck Group
to see a low double-digit percentage decline. We met this forecast
with a decrease of 21.4%. The Healthcare business sector reported
a decline of 22.0% compared with the previous year, which was lower
than the single-digit percentage fall we had forecast at the start of
the year. This development was primarily attributable to the sale of
the Consumer Health business, which had not yet been anticipated
when the forecast was made at the start of the year. The transfer of
-F’) EBITDA pre of the divested business had a particularly significant
impact. The business free cash flow of the Life Science business
sector was more or less stable, declining by0.7%. This is in line with
the small percentage decrease we had forecast. For the Performance
Materials business sector we anticipated a double-digit decline in
2018. The drop of 35.1% - essentially the result of lower EBITDA)
pre - thus corresponded to our expectations.
W"#$ % & ()*+&4,# &-)2/"0- 1" #$ % &?!%(1)* % (G+,

106

*1-%..° %(!

5 #21%41< KH". 10@0,(.°17* AOBICA.,(#..!

D#5#B%S+#(.

MERCK GROUP)

Net sales

EBITDA)/O”

Business free cash flow 24G )/0°

Actual results 2017 14,517
in € million

Forecast for 2018 in the
2017 Annual Report '

Moderate organic growth

*" 0+’ 7E)&’,+-%6’) IBF+&,”)
rate effect

G7%,F-)"0,+&%B)BT%&’

) Moderately negative foreign
exchange effect of -4% to -6%

Low double-digit
J 0B’ &-+,’)? B7%&’

Main comments Moderate organic growth

in Healthcare due to strong
dynamics in growth markets
as well as increasing sales of

¥+6’&B7+( ! and Bavencio!

Solid organic growth in Life
GB%’ &B’ K)C7%,F-7E)+$"6’)’J/ B-’()
market growth

G7%,F-)-"}#"(0+-’)"0,+&%B)
decrease in Performance Materials
owing to the ongoing adjustment
processes in the Liquid Crystals
business

Negative foreign exchange effect,
(0%6’ &)/0%#+0%7E)$E)-F’ )’ JBF+&,’)

rate of the U.S. dollar and curren!
cies of various growth markets

In Healthcare continued high

Lower EBITDA)/0’)+&()

Yo&.6’ C-#’ &-C)%&)0’C’+0BF)+&() %&6’ C-#’ &-C)%&)/0"/ 0-EK)

development as well as in
marketing and sales; absence of
positive one-time effects from
the previous year

Organic sales growth and
continued realization of planned
synergies from the integration of
Sigma-Aldrich in the Life Science
business sector

Ongoing adjustment processes
in the Liquid Crystals business
that will not be offset despite
the enhanced diversification of
Performance Materials and active
B"C-)#+&+,'# &-

Moderately negative foreign
exchange effect, particularly
owing to the development of
the U.S. dollar and currencies
of various growth markets

plant and equipment,)

as well as digitalization
To&To-To+-To6’ CK) F%,F’ 0) 7d&6" &

tories due to changes

in the product mix and

volume growth

Forecasts for 2018 in the
interim report:

Q1/2018 Organic growth +3% to +5%  H0,+&%B)(’B7%&’)§<)-")>_<)6C:) ~ 2,460 to 2,770) 24G pre € 5.30 to € 5.65)
2J change rate effect -4% to -6% 895: C ee cat, eee neds bucneen
onsumer Hea ea usiness
Exchange rate effect -5% to -7%X
~15,000 to 15,500) g ° ° ~ 2,310 to 2,620) € 5.00 to € 5.40)
(excluding Consumer Health) ~ 3,950 to 4,150)
~14,000 to 14,500) (excluding Consumer Health)
~ 3,750 to 4,000)
Q2/2018 ~14,100 to 14,600 ~ 3,750 to 4,000 ~ 2,380 to 2,670 € 5.00 to € 5.40
Organic growth +3% to +5% vs. HO,+&%B)(B7%&’ )$<)-")> &<)6C;)
895: 895:
Moderately negative foreign Exchange rate effect -5% to -7%
exchange effect -3% to -5%
Q3/2018 ~14,400 to 14,800 ~ 3,700 to 3,900 ~ 2,340 to 2,630 € 5.00 to € 5.30
Organic decline +4% to +6% vs. HO,+&%B)(B7%&’ )$<)-")> &<)6C;)
895: 895:
Moderately negative foreign Exchange rate effect -8% to
exchange effect -3% to -5% >p9<K
Results 2018 14,836) =KL99) 2,508 5.10
in! million (+2.2%:) (-10.5%:) -21.4% -13.9%

+6.1% Organic,)
0.0% Portfolio,)

-3.9% Currency)

-1.6% Organic,)
0.0% Portfolio,)
-8.9% Currency)

>The 2018 forecast in the 2017 Annual Report included the Consumer Health bu:

siness.
W"#$%&?()*+&4,# &-)./"0-

1___1"#$.9% 8? 1% (1) *%o (Yo, *!-%.,” (|

521415 %KH*O.’10@0,(.°17* AOBICA.,(#..!

D#5#B%S+#(?. 1 07

HEALTHCARE) }

Actual results 2017
in € million

Net sales
6,190

EBITDA)/O”
SKu=

Business free cash flow
1,314

Forecast for 2018 in the
2017 Annual Report '

Moderate organic growth

"04 TE)&’,+-%6") +)
exchange rate effect

G%&,T’ 1(%,%o-)I’ OB’ &-+,’)
(BI%&’

Main comments

Organic sales growth in growth markets
will compensate for the organic decline
in Rebif! sales, which is expected to
$’)% &)-F’ )F% F)C%E&,T 1(%,%-)/’ OB’ &-+,”)
0+&,”

Continued price pressure in Europe and
also in the Asia-Pacific as well as Middle
East and Africa regions

Bavencio! )+&()*+6’&B7+( ' will
contribute visibly to sales growth

Solid organic growth of our Consumer
Health business

Negative foreign exchange effect,
10%6’ &)/0%#+0%7E)$E)-F’ )’ JBF+&,”)
rate of the U.S. dollar and currencies
of various growth markets

Continued high investments in research )
and development as well as in market!
ing and sales; absence of positive one-

time effects from the previous year

Negative foreign exchange effect,
particularly owing to the development
of the U.S. dollar and currencies

of various growth markets

3°B7%&’ )%EBITDA)/O’

Increase in working capital due
to product mix effects

Forecasts for 2018 in the
interim report:

~1,140 to 1,240)

Q1/2018 Moderate organic growth Organic decline of -1% to -2%
Moderately negative foreign) Exchange rate effect -5% to -7% (excluding MpReoonGKOLOD.
exchange effect MBK::9)-")SKL=9__)
(excluding Consumer Health)
~1,580 to 1,650)
Q2/2018 Moderate organic growth ~1,580 to 1,650 ~1,060 to 1,140
9 0,
+3% to +5% Organic decline of -1% to -2%
Moderately negative foreign) Exchange rate effect -5% to -7%
exchange effect
-4% to -6%
Q3/2018 Solid organic growth ~1,540 to 1,600 M$K9=9)-")5K559
9 0,
+4% to +5% Organic decline of -1% to -2%
Moderately negative foreign) Significantly negative foreign)
exchange effect exchange effect
~4% to — 6% -9% to -11%
Results 2018 6,246) 1,556) 1,025
in! million (+0.9%:) (-12.2%:) >B8:9<

+5.2% Organic,)
0.0% Portfolio,)
-4.3% Currency)

-1.6% Organic,)
0.0% Portfolio,)
-10.7% Currency)

5 The 2018 forecast in the 2017 Annual Report included the Consumer Health business.
W"#$ %&?()*+&4,#' &-)7"0- 1 "#$ % &?!%(1)* %(Go+,*!-%.,”,G(!

108

5 #21%41< KH". 10@0,(.°17* AOBICA.,(#..! D#5#B%S+#(.

LIFE SCIENCE)

Net sales

Actual results 2017 5,882

in € million

Business free cash flow
1,402

EBITDA)/0’
1,786

Solid organic growth, slightly above
expected market growth

Forecast for 2018 in the
2017 Annual Report '

Moderately negative foreign)
exchange effect

Organic earnings growth with a similar Slightly below the prior-year level

(E&+#%B)+C)%&)895:

Moderately negative foreign)
exchange effect

Process Solutions is likely to remain the
strongest growth driver, followed by
Applied Solutions

Main comments

Research Solutions will also contribute
/"C%-%6’ TE)-")"0,+& %B)C+7’C)(? 67" /#? &-K)
+7$° %-)-")+)C#+77 0) I~’ &-

No significant portfolio effect from the

acquisition of Natrix Separations

Negative foreign exchange effect,
particularly owing to the development
of the U.S. dollar

Positive development resulting) ) Improved EBITDA)/0’

from expected sales growth Higher inventories reflect the expected

Continuation of the planned realization sales growth and changed product mix
of synergies from the)

Sigma-Aldrich acquisition

Negative foreign exchange effect,
particularly owing to the development
of the U.S. dollar

Forecasts for 2018 in the
interim report:

~1,310 to 1,400

Q1/2018 Organic growth slightly above the) Organic growth at around)
medium-term market average of the previous year’s level of +8%
9,
4% p.a. Exchange rate effect -4% to -6%
Moderately negative foreign) )M5KL89)-")SKL:9
exchange effect .
Q2/2018 Organic growth of +5% to +6%, MSKL=9)-")5KLL9 ~1,310 to 1,400
slightly above medium-term average Organic growth of around +8%
market growth of 4% p.a.
Exchange rate effect -3% to -5%
Moderately negative foreign)
exchange effect
-3% to -5%
Q3/2018 Organic growth + 7% to +8%, MSKL=9)-")5KLL9 ~1,300 to 1,390
considerably above medium-term Organic growth of around +8%
average market growth of 4% p.a.
; ; Exchange rate effect -3% to -5%
Moderately negative foreign)
exchange effect -3% to -5%
Results 2018 6,185) 1,840) 1,393
in! million (+5.2%:) (+ 3.0%:) >Py<

+8.8% Organic,)
0.0% Portfolio,)
-3.6% Currency)

+7.0% Organic,)
0.0% Portfolio,)
-3.9% Currency)

5 The 2018 forecast in the 2017 Annual Report included the Consumer Health business.
W"#$%&?()*+&4,# &-)./"0-

PERFORMANCE

Actual results 2017
in € million

1 #$ % &

"1%(!)* %(G+,*!-%.,’ ,%(!

521415 %KH*O.’10@0,(.°17* AOBICA.,(#..!

D#5#B%S+#(.

109

MATERIALS) }

Net sales
2,446

EBITDA)/O’
980

Business free cash flow
906

Forecast for 2018 in the
2017 Annual Report '

Organically slightly to moderately below
-F’)E’+01°+07%’0)7°6’7

Moderately negative foreign)

exchange effect

H0,+&%B)/ OB’ &-+,’)B7%&’)%o&)-F’ #%()
7 &C)04&,”

Moderately negative foreign)

exchange effect

Double-digit percentage decline

Main comments

Volume increase in all businesses;
strong dynamics particularly in
Advanced Technologies and IC Materials

Market share adjustment and price
decline in the Liquid Crystals business

Negative exchange rate effect,
\C/B%+77Edue to the forecast
development of the U.S. dollar and
currencies in key Asian markets

The decline in market shares and prices )

in the Liquid Crystals business cannot
be offset by growth of the other busil
&’ CC’C)+&()+B-%6’ )B"C-)#+&+,’ # &-

Negative foreign exchange effect,
particularly owing to the development
of the U.S. dollar and currencies in key
Asian markets

3°B7%&’)%EBITDA pre, sustained high
To&6' C-#? &-C)%&)/0"/’ 0-EK)/7+&-)+&()
equipment and higher inventory levels
due to volume increases

Forecasts for 2018 in the
interim report:

Q1/2018 G7%,F-)-")#"( 0+-’)"0,+&%B)? B7%&’ Organic decline -14% to -16% vs. ~ 480 to 550
Moderately negative foreign) 895:
exchange effect Exchange rate effect -8% to -10%
~725 to 765
Q2/2018 G7%,F-)-"}#"( 0+-’)"0,+&%B)CB7%&’)> —B<) ~745 to 785 ~510 to 580
-49
to -4% Organic decline -14% to -16%
Moderately negative foreign) Exchange rate effect -6% to -8%
exchange effect -3% to -5%
Q3/2018 Organic sales performance at the level ~745 to 785 ~510 to 580
j -19 9
of 2017, i.e. -1% to +1% Organic decline -14% to -16%
Moderately negative foreign) Exchange rate effect -6% to -8%
exchange effect -3% to -5%
Results 2018 2,406) 786) 588
in! million (-1.7%:) (-19.8%:) - 35.1%

+1.7% Organic,)
0.0% Portfolio,)
-3.4% Currency)

-12.9% Organic,)
0.0% Portfolio,)
-6.9% Currency)

>The 2018 forecast in the 2017 Annual Report included the Consumer Health business.
W"#$% & ()*4+& 4, # &-)/"0- 1 "#$ % &?!%(1)* %(Go+,*!-%.,”,G(! 5 #21%41< KH". 10@0,(.°17* AOBICA.,(#..! D#5#B%S$+#(".

110

CORPORATE AND OTHER) }

EBITDA)/O” Business free cash flow
Actual results 2017 in € million >292 >f29
Forecast for 2018 in the Low double-digit percentage increase >
2017 Annual Report '
Main comments The increase in costs is attributable to)

investments in innovation and digitalization
initiatives; these costs were previously incurred
in the business sectors and are now recorded
centrally under Corporate and Other

In contrast, expected currency hedging gains
should have a compensating effect in 2018

Forecasts for 2018 in the interim report:

Q1/2018 ~-360 to -320 ~-490 to -440
Q2/2018 ~-400 to -360 ~-500 to -550
Q3/2018 ~-400 to -360 ~-500 to -450
Results 2018 >}LS -497
in! million 30.6% 15.9%

>The 2018 forecast in the 2017 Annual Report included the Consumer Health business.
1"#$ % & ()*+&+,'# &-)./"0-

1" H#$ % &" 1% (!)* Fo(Go+,*!-%.,”,F(!

FR GIHR GAS

111

Course of Business and

Economic Position
Merck Group

>S#&5 #7! %A4NTIKL!

N) Group net sales increased to € 14.8 billion; strong organic growth
(6.1%) was reduced by negative exchange rate effects (- 3.9%)

N) All business sectors contributed to the Group’s organic sales growth

N) EBITDA pre declined by -10.5% and came to € 3.8 billion (2017:
€ 4.2 billion)

N At 25.6% (2017: 29.3%), EBITDA pre margin of the Group did not
achieve prior-year profitability

N) Earnings per share pre declined to € 5.10 (2017: € 5.92)

N) Decrease in business free cash flow to € 2.5 billion (2017: € 3.2 bill
7%" &D

N) Net financial liabilities reduced by - 33.9% to € 6.7 billion (Decem1
ber 31, 2017: € 10.1 billion)

MERCK GROUP

Key gures !
)
IF+&,”
€ million 2018 895: € million TS
Net sales 14,836 14,517 319 8;8<
Operating result (EBITD 5K:8: 2,423 -696 >BL;:<
Margin (% of net sales)* 11.6% 16.7%
EBITDA’ 3,528 4,164 - 636 -15.3%
Margin (% of net sales)* 8=;L< 8L;:<
EBITDA)/O’ ° =KL99 4,246 -446 -10.5%
Margin (% of net sales)* 25.6% 29.3%
Profit after tax 3,396 2,615 :L5 29.9%
Earnings per share (€) 7.76 5.99 Syn 29.5%
Earnings per share pre (€)§ 5.10 5.92 >Pp;L8 -13.9%
Business free cash flow® 2,508 3,193 -685 -21.4%

> Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial

G-+-# &-C;
8 Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;

D)M)8>-/)=9!><!=)9!278)2!7=D!")2E892! !

><!>-)"79;>=2

The presentation of net sales refers to the continuing business areas
of the Merck Group. Net sales of the Consumer Health business were
no longer reported in Group sales, as this business was to be clas!
sified as a discontinued operation pursuant to IFRS 5. The prior-year
periods were adjusted accordingly (further information on the sale of
the Consumer Health business is included in Note (5) “Acquisitions
and divestments” in the notes to the Note to the Consolidated Finan1
B%+7)G-+-’#’ &-C:)

In 2018, net sales of the Merck Group increased by € 319 million or
2.2% to € 14,836 million (2017: € 14,517 million). This rise was
attributable to organic sales growth of € 882 million, or 6.1%, to
which all business sectors contributed. The stronger euro led to
negative exchange rate effects of € -563 million or -3.9% in 2018,
which affected all regions. In particular, this affected the regions
North America due to the exchange rate development of the U.S.
dollar, as well as Asia-Pacific as a result of negative exchange rate
effects of the Chinese renminbi, the Korean won and the Taiwan
dollar, and the region of Latin America.

)
1"#$ % &? ()*+& 4, # &-)27"0-

112

The net sales in the individual quarters as well as the respective
organic growth rates in 2018 are presented in the following graph:

MERCK GROUP)

Net sales and organic growth
€ million/organic growth in %

'by quarter 7

1" #$ % &" 1% (!)* %(Go+,*!-%.," Jo!

FR GIHR GAS

--@- -_@q_@ —_ea-—

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD)
8 Quarterly breakdown unaudited.)

=Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial

G+ # &-C;

Based on organic sales growth of 5.2< , net sales of the Healthcare
business sector rose by € 56 million, or 0.9%, to € 6,246 million
(2017: € 6,190 million). Healthcare therefore remained the strong!
est business sector in terms of sales with a share of 42% (2017:
43%) of Group sales. In 2018, the share of Group sales accounted
for by Life Science increased by 2 percentage points to 42% (2017:
40%). With organic growth of 8.8% and a total increase in net sales
of 5.2% to € 6,185 million (2017: € 5,882 million), the Life Science
business sector recorded the sharpest rise in sales. Net sales of
the Performance Materials business sector declined by -1.7% to
€ 2,406 million in 2018 (2017: € 2,446 million), as organic growth
of 1.7% was more than offset by negative exchange rate effects of
- 3.4%. Performance Materials thus accounted for 16% (2017: 17%)
of Group net sales.

))

MERCK GROUP

Net sales by business sector

MERCK GROUP) )

Net sales by business sector — 2018
€ million/% of net sales

16%)
Performance Materials
2,406
42%)
Healthcare
6,246

42%)
Life Science
6,185

Organic Exchange rate Acquisitions/
€ million 2018 Share growth ? eects divestments Total change 2017 Share
Healthcare 6,246 42% 5.2% -4.3% > 0.9% 6,190 43%
Life Science 6,185 42% L;L< -3.6% > 5.2% 5,882 40%
Performance Materials 2,406 16% 53:< -3.4% > >Bs< 2,446 5:<
Merck Group 14,836 100% 6.1% 3.9% — 2.2% 14,517 100%

> Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial

G+ # &-C;
8 Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;)
1"#$% & ()*+&+,# &-)./"0- 1" #$ % &" 1% (!)* Fo(Go+,*!-%.," J! FR GIHR GAS 1 1 3

In 2018, the Merck Group recorded the following regional sales
performance:

MERCK GROUP )

Net sales by region '

Organic Exchange rate Acquisitions/
€ million 2018 Share growth ? e"ects divestments Total change 2017 Share
Europe 4,559 =5< 4.9% -1.5% > 3.5% 4,406 =9<
North America =KL5L 26% 4.7% -4.5% > 9:8< =KL59 26%
Asia-Pacific (@4@!D 4,965 == sL< -3.5% > 4.3% 4,761 ==
A+-%&) @# 0%B+ 950 6% 5938< -14.8% > -4.6% 996 i<
*%((7’)24+C-)+&(_)

Africa (*?@ D 544 4% 2.9% -2.9% > > 544 4%
Merck Group 14,836 100% 6.1% 3.9% — 2.2% 14,517 100%

5 Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
)G-+"# &-C; )
8 Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;

The consolidated income statement of the Merck Group is as follows:

MERCK GROUP) )

Consolidated Income Statement !

)

IF+&,”

€ million 2018 in % 895: 85 € million TSE
Net sales 14,836 100.0% 14,517 100.0% 319 2.2%
Cost of sales -5,382 - 36.3% -5,071 - 34.9% >-55 6.1%
Gross pro t 9,454 63.7% 9,446 65.1% 8 0.1%
Marketing and selling expenses - 4,384 - 29.5% -4,349 >#9;9< -35 9;L<
@(#F%&I%C-0+-F"&Y I? &C’C -993 -6.7% -899 -6.2% -95 10.5%
/C’+0BF)+&()(6'7"/# &-)B"C-C -2,225 -15.0% > BKS9L -14.5% >55: 5.6%
2 #4+%&N&,)"1 04-%&,) I? &CC)+&O%EB"#? -126 >~;L< == 8:=< -458 0f99;9<
Operating result ( EBIT )? 1,727 11.6% 2,423 6.7% —696 28.7%
Financial result -266 >5;L< -294 >B;9< 8L -9.6%
Pro t before income tax 1,461 9.8% 2,129 4.7% —668 314%
Income tax - 368 -2.5% 428 =9< -796 0599;9<
Pro t after tax from continuing operations 1,093 TAG 2,557 7.6% 464 57.3%
Pro t after tax from discontinued operation 2,303 15.5% 57 0.4% 2,246 > 100.0%
Pro t after tax 3,396 22.9% 2,615 8.0% 781 29.9%
Non-controlling interests >B8 >Ps8< >59 >Ps5< >58 0599;9<

Net income 3,374 22.7% 2,605 7.9% 769 29.5%

> Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
G+ # &-C;
8 Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;
1"#$% &? ()*+&4, # &-)./"0-

114

In 2018, gross profit of the Merck Group came to € 9,454 million and
thus exceeded the 2017 figure of € 9,446 million only slightly. The
positive development of this key indicator for the Life Science busil
ness sector, which generated an increase of € 169 million, was eaten
up by declining profits in the other two business sectors. The gross
margin of the Group, i.e. gross profit as a percentage of net sales,
amounted to 63.7% (2017: 65.1%).

Group research and development costs rose by 5.6% to
€ 2,225 million and led to a research spending ratio (research and
development costs as a percentage of net sales) of 15.0% (2017:
14.5%). Accounting for an unchanged 77% of Group R&D spending
(2017: 77%), Healthcare remained the most research-intensive busil
ness sector of the Merck Group.

MERCK GROUP)

Research and development costs
by business sector 1 2018
€ million/in %
55<
Performance Materials

242
58<
Life Science
249
ms)
Healthcare
1,686

5 Not presented: Research and development costs of € 47 million allocated to Corporate and Other.

Other operating expenses and income showed an expense balance
of € 126 million in 2018, after an income balance of € 332 million in
2017. This strong change was mainly due to developments in the
Healthcare business sector (see explanations under “Healthcare”).
In particular, the gain on the divestment of the Biosimilars business
activities amounting to € 319 million had a positive effect in 2017.
Detailed information about the development and composition of
other operating expenses and income can be found in Note (12)
“Other operating income”, Note (13) “Other operating expenses”
+&() Note (38) “Management of financial risks” in the Notes to the
"&C"7%(+~’ ()P%&+&B%+7)G-+-'# &-C;)

1" H#$ % &" 1% (!)* Fo(Go+,*!-%.,”,F(!

FR GIHR GAS

The increase in provisions for obligations from long-term variable
compensation programs (Merck Long-Term Incentive Plan) negatively
impacted the operating result in 2018; the increase in the intrinsic
value of the Merck Share Units - depending on the fields of activity
of the eligible participants - was reflected in the respective functional
costs (see Note (26) “Other provisions”).

The improvement in the negative financial result by € 28 million or
9.6% to € -266 million (2017: € —294 million) resulted mainly from
higher interest income. Details with respect to the development of
finance income and finance expenses of the Group are shown in
Note (32) “Financial result/net profit and losses from financial instrul
ments” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Income tax expense came to € 368 million in 2018 and resulted in
a tax ratio of 25.2%. The income balance of € 428 million in 2017
was due to one-time effects from deferred taxes in connection with
the tax reform in the United States. Further information on income
taxes are included in Note (14) “Income taxes” in the Notes to the
"&C"7%(+~’ ()P%&+&B%+T)G-+-'# &-C;)

Profit after tax from discontinued operation of € 2,303 million (2017:
€ 57 million) included the Consumer Health business, which must
be reported separately in the Group income statement pursuant
-")IFRS 5. In 2018, this profit figure also includes the gain on the
divestment of the Consumer Health business amounting to € 2,244 mill
7%" &Further information on the divestment of the Consumer Health
business is found in Note (5) “Acquisitions and divestments” in the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Thanks to the gain on the divestment of the Consumer Health
business, in particular, net income rose by € 769 million to € 3,374 mill
lion (2017: € 2,605 million). In 2017, an exceptional tax income in
connection with the tax reform in the United States of € 906 million
$""C-’() & -) %&B"# ;) 2+08& %&,C)/’0) CF+0’) %&BO’+C’ ()+BB"0(%&,7E)-")
€ 7.76 (2017: € 5.99).

EBITDA pre, the key financial indicator used to steer operating busil
ness, declined by € - 446 million or -10.5% to € 3,800 million (2017:
€ 4,246 million). Unfavorable foreign exchange effects lowered
EBITDA pre by - 8.9%. Relative to net sales, the EBITDA)/0’)#+0,%&)
was 25.6% in 2018 (2017: 29.3%). The reconciliation of the oper1
ating result (EBITD)-")EBITDAYO0’)%CV0’C’ &-’ ()%&)-F’ BF+/-’ OY &-%-7 '()
“Internal Management System”.
1"#$% &" ()*+&+,’#' &-).7/"0-

The development of EBITDA pre in the individual quarters in com1
parison with 2017 as well as the respective growth rates are prel
sented in the following overview:

MERCK GROUP)

EBITDA pre ! and change by quarter
€ million/change in %

23

Ql Q2 Q3
2018 —— (yy 920 963
2017 —— (EES 1,066

1 I" #$ % &? 1% (1) * %(G+,*!-%.,”, Fo!

HK *GIHK DAS

115

1,023

--@-_@  @  e-—

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD)
8 Quarterly breakdown unaudited.)

=Previous year's figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial

G-+-# &-C;

The decrease in Group EBITDA pre was attributable to the Healthcare
and Performance Materials business sectors. By contrast, in Life
Science the good business development had a positive effect on this
key figure. Consequently, at € 1,840 million (2017: € 1,786 million)

the business sector for the first time generated the highest EBITDA)
pre of all the business sectors within the Group. This meant that the
share of Group EBITDA pre accounted for by Life Science (not taking
into account the € -381 million reduction due to Corporate and
Other) rose to 44% (2017: 39%). EBITDA pre of Healthcare declined
by -12.2% to € 1,556 million. The business sector thus contributed
37% (2017: 39%) to EBITDA pre for the Group. With an EBITDAY0’)

of € 786 million (2017: € 980 million), the share of this Group key
performance indicator attributable to Performance Materials decreased
to 19% (2017: 22%).

MERCK GROUP)

EBITDA pre ! by
business sector
€ million/in %

*— 2018

19%
Performance Materials

786

=<
Healthcare

1,556

44%
Life Science

1,840

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD)
8 Not presented: Decline in Group EBITDA pre by € -381 million due to Corporate and Other.
1 1 6 W"#$ % & ()*+&+,# &-)./"0- 1" H#$ % &" 1% (!)* Fo(Go+,*!-%.,”,F(! FE *GIHK DAS

MERCK GROUP)

Balance sheet structure
) ) )

Dec. 31, 2018 3°B;)=5K B95: IF+&,”
! million in % € million TSE € million [8

Non-current assets 37,652 75.0% 28,166 79.1% —513 1.8%
of which:

Goodwill 13,764 13,582 5L=

H-F’0)%&-+&,%$7’)+CC’-C :K8=: LK=5: >SKILO

Property, plant and equipment 4,811 4,512 299

Other non-current assets 1,840 1,755 85
Current assets 9,236 25.0% TASS 20.9% 1,781 23.9%
of which:

Inventories 2,764 2,632 5==

Trade accounts receivable 2,931 2,923 L

Current financial assets 24 90 -66

Other current assets 1,345 5K885 124

Cash and cash equivalents 8K5:9 589 1,582
Total assets 36,888 100.0% 35,621 100.0% 1,267 3.6%
Equity 17,233 46.7% 14,066 39.5% 3,167 22.5%
Non-current liabilities 11,138 30.2% 12,919 36.3% 1,782 13.8%
of which:

Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits 2,336 2,257 L9

Other non-current provisions :L9 :LL >)

Non-current financial liabilities 6,681 LK9== -1,352

Other non-current liabilities 1,340 1,842 >502
Current liabilities 8,517 23.1% 8,635 24.2% 17 14%
of which:

Current provisions? 600 457 143

Current financial liabilities 2,215 2,790 -576

Trade accounts payable/Refund liabilities 8K8=L 2,195 43

Other current liabilities® 3,464 3,191 8:=
Total equity and liabilities 36,888 100.0% 35,621 100.0% 1,267 3.6%

> Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
G-+-# &-C;

The total assets of the Merck Group amounted to € 36,888 million total assets rose by around € 0.8 billion. This development was pril
as of December 31, 2018 (December 31, 2017: € 35,621 million), marily the result of the trend of the exchange rate between the euro
representing an increase of 3.6% or € 1,267 million. One main reason) and the U.S. dollar, which had an impact on intangible assets, in
for this rise was the cash inflow from the sale of the Consumer Health particular.

business amounting to € 3,052 million. Details of this transaction The rise in net working capital of 2.9% to € 3,486 million (2017:
and its impact on the consolidated balance sheet are included in} € 3,387 million) was mainly attributable to the slight build-up in
Note (5) “Acquisitions and divestments” in the Notes to the Consoll T&O’ &-"0%’C;

idated Financial Statements. Due to exchange rate developments,
1"#$% & ()*+&+,# &-)./"0- 1" #$ % &" 1% (!)* Fo(Go+,*!-%.," J! FR GIHR GAS 1 17

MERCK GROUP)

1

Working capital
)

IF+&,’
€ million Dec. 31, 2018 3°B;)=5K B95: € million %8s
Trade accounts receivable 9931 2,923 L 9=<
Receivables from royalties and licenses 29 8L 5 5;L<
Inventories 2,764 2,632 == 5.0%
Trade accounts payable/Refund liabilities >BK8=L -2,195 -43 1.9%

Working capital ! 3,486 3,387 99 2.9%

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;

The composition and the development of net financial debt were as
follows:

MERCK GROUP) )

Net nancial debt !
)

IF+&,”
€ million Dec. 31, 2018 3°B;)=5K B95: € million %8s
Bonds and commercial papers 7,286 LK85= -927 >$5;=<
Bank loans 620 1,653 -1,034 -62.5%
A%+$%7%-%’ C)-")0’ 7+’ (/40-%’ C 824 767 57 7.4%
Loans from third parties and other financial liabilities 8 = >S -1.4%
Liabilities from derivatives (financial transactions) 90 55= >B= -20.6%
P%&+&B’)7’ +C’ )7%4$%7 %-%’ C 4 4 > 11.4%
Financial liabilities 8,896 10,823 1,928 A7.8%

less:

Cash and cash equivalents 8K5:9 589 1,582 0Of99;9<

Current financial assets 24 90 -66 -72.9%
Net nancial debt ! 6,701 10,144 3,443 33.9%

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;

MERCK GROUP) )

Reconciliation of net nancial debt '

€ million 2018 895:
January 1 10,144 11,513

Currency translation 126 -429
Dividend payments to shareholders and to E. Merck® 768 624
Acquisitions’ > 5:

Payments from the disposal of assets held for sale and from other divestments® -3,129 -167
Free cash flow® >$K=95 -1,433
H-F’°0 93 19

Dec. 31 6,701 10,144

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD)
8 According to the consolidated cash flow statement.
1"#$% &? ()*+&4, # &-)./"0-

118

In 2018, equity of the Merck Group rose by 22.5% or € 3,167 million
to € 17,233 million (December 31, 2017: € 14,066 million). The
increase reflected mainly the strong profit after tax of € 3,396 million
(2017: € 2,615 million). In addition, the currency translation of forl
eign currency assets to the reporting currency (euro) had a positive
effect. Dividend payments and the profit transfer to E. Merck KG
reduced consolidated net equity accordingly (see “Consolidated

1" #$ % &" 1% (!)* %(Go+,*!-%.," Jo!

FR GIHR GAS

Statement of Comprehensive Income” and “Consolidated Statement
of Changes in Net Equity” in the Consolidated Financial Statements).
The increase in equity led to an improvement in the equity ratio by
7 percentage points to 46.7% (December 31, 2017: 39.5%).

The composition of free cash flow as well as the development of
the relevant items are presented in the following table:

MERCK GROUP) )

Free cash ow '

)

IF+&,”
€ million 2018 895: € million % 88
Cash flow from operating activities according to the cash flow statement 2,219 2,696 -477 >Bi<
Payments for investments in intangible assets -106 - 392 286 -72.9%
Payments from the disposal of intangible assets 67 4 62 0)599;9<
Payments for investments in property, plant and equipment -910 -919 9 -0.9%
Payments from the disposal of property, plant and equipment =5 44 >58 >BL;9<
Free cash ow ! 1,301 1,433 132 9.2%

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;

Business free cash flow of the Merck Group declined to € 2,508 mill

lion in 2018 (2017: € 3,193 million). This development was primarily)

The distribution of business free cash flow across the individual quar1
ters and the percentage changes in comparison with 2017 were as

due to the lower EBITDA)/0’K)-F’)%&B0’+C’)%&)%&6 &-"0%’ C)+&()F%,F’0) follows:

receivables as of the 2018 balance sheet date. The composition of this)

financial indicator is presented under “Internal Management System”.

MERCK GROUP)

Business free cash ow
€ million/change in %

' and change by quarter 2

Ql Q2
2018 —— (7 514

2017 —— (Fy

1,006

--@-  -@  @  e-—

890

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD)
8 Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
1"#$ % & ()*+&+,'# &-)./"0-

MERCK GROUP)

Business free cash ow 2 — 2018

€ million/in %

' by business sector

89<
Performance Materials

588
34%
Healthcare
1,025
46%
Life Science
1,393

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD)
8 Not presented: Decline in Group business free cash flow by € -497 million due to Corporate
+&()H-F'0,

The contributions of the operating business sectors to business free
cash flow of the Group in 2018 developed as follows: Life Science
generated business free cash flow amounting to € 1,393 million
(2017: € 1,402 million). Consequently, with a 46% share (2017:
39%) of Group business free cash flow (excluding the decline of
€ -497 million due to Corporate and Other), Life Science was the
business sector with the highest cash inflows. In 2018, the Health!
care business sector showed a decline of 22.0% to € 1,025 million
(2017: € 1,314 million), thus contributing a share of 34% to Group
business free cash flow (2017: 36%). With business free cash flow
of € 588 million (2017: € 906 million), Performance Materials con1
tributed 20% (2017: 25%) to this Group key performance indicator.

The investments in property, plant, equipment and software as well
as advance payments for intangible assets included in the calculation
of business free cash flow decreased in 2018 by - 7.9% to € 932 mill
lion (2017: € 1,012 million). The investments in property, plant and
equipment included therein amounted to € 890 million in 2018
(2017: € 936 million), of which € 480 million (2017: € 438 million)
was attributable to strategic investment projects each with a project
volume of more than € 2 million; the remainder was attributable to
smaller investment projects.

1" H#$ % &" 1% (!)* Fo(Go+,*!-%.,”,F(!

FR GIHR GAS

119

Strategic investments made in 2018 included € 161 million (2017:
€ 212 million) to expand the Darmstadt site, of which the Healthcare
business sector invested € 68 million, among other things in a new
packaging center (€ 29 million).

Outside Germany, high levels of strategic investments were made
particularly in China (€ 70 million) and the United States (€ 67 mill
lion). In China, the Healthcare business sector invested € 15 million
in new production facilities and € 17 million in a new logistics center;
the Life Science business sector invested € 29 million in new producl
tion facilities in China. In the United States, Life Science invested
€ 51 million, of which € 26 million in the expansion of the Sheboygan
C%-’)%&)Q%CB"&C%E&;

Our credit ratings from the independent rating agencies did not
change in 2018. Merck is currently rated by Standard & Poor's,
Moody's and Scope. Standard & Poor’s has issued a long-term credit
rating of A with a stable outlook, Moody’s a rating of Baal with a
stable outlook and Scope a rating of A-, likewise with a stable out1
look. An overview of the development of our rating in recent years
is presented in the Report on Risks and Opportunities.
1"#$% &? ()*+&4, # &-)./"0-

120

The development of key balance sheet figures was as follows:

1" H#$ % &" 1% (!)* Fo(Go+,*!-%.,”,F(!

FR GIHR GAS

MERCK GROUP)

Key balance sheet gures

% 8s Dec. 31, 2018 3°B;)=5K)895: Dec. 31, 2016 Dec. 31, 2015 Dec. 31, 2014
. = Equity

Equity ratio® 46.7% 39.5% 36.7% ==;L< 45.4%
Total assets
Non-current assets

@CC’-)0+-%" 75.0% 79.1% L9;9< L9;:< 59.7%
Total assets
Equity

@CC’-)B"6’0+, * 62.3% 49.9% 45.9% 41.8% 76.0%
Non-current assets

; - Current liabilities
Finance structure> 43.3% 40.1% 37.5% =8< 46.5%

Liabilities (total)

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;

>M)"788!722)22/)=9!><!CE2;=)22!-)"<>"/7=:)!7=D!

):>=>/5:!2;9E79;>=

2018 was a year of transition for Merck in terms of the operating
business activities of the Merck Group. We generated solid results
amid a challenging market environment. At the same time, important
strategic decisions were made to allow us to generate profitable
growth again in the future. The financial targets that we had set
ourselves for 2018 were achieved. Satisfying organic growth of 6.1%
enabled Group net sales to increase to € 14,836 million (2017:
€ 14,517 million). In 2018, EBITDA pre amounted to € 3,800 million
(2017: € 4,246 million) and recorded an organic decline of -1.6%
"6°0)-F’)/0%"0)E’ +0;)

Our Healthcare business sector benefited from the approval of
Bavencio! )}+&()*+6’&B7+( ! in 2017. The steady further development
and optimum use of our promising pipeline remains a high priority.
In 2018, we also pushed ahead with the forming of alliances for
selected active substances, such as the collaboration agreement with
-F’) SF] Pharmaceuticals Group to develop abituzumab. The disposal
of the Consumer Health business was successfully completed in 2018.
The cash inflow it generated helped reduce net debt substantially and
thereby strengthen our financial flexibility. As a result, despite invest!
ment activity remaining strong, we reduced our net financial debt by
€ -3,443 million to € 6,701 million (2017: € 10,144 million).

Net sales in Life Science showed a very strong performance in 2018.
Following the integration of Sigma-Aldrich, which we completed in
2018, and our growth initiatives we are well-equipped for the future.

Our Performance Materials business sector launched the “Bright
Future” transformation program in 2018 in order to pave the way for
future growth.

Our key balance sheet figures showed a further improvement in
2018. For instance, the equity ratio rose by 7 percentage points to
46.7% (2017: 39.5%) and has thus reached a very good level. We
will continue to assign high priority to the planned reduction of our
financial liabilities. In 2018, there were no changes to our credit
ratings by the independent rating agencies Standard & Poor’s (A with
a stable outlook), Moody’s (Baal with a stable outlook) and Scope
(A- with a stable outlook).

The economic position and business development of the Merck
Group can be assessed positively overall. A foundation has been laid
for profitable organic growth going forward. We are seeking to help
shape the important technological developments for our business
sectors and take optimum advantage of the opportunities this creates.
W"#$ %&()* 4&4, # &-).7"0- $I" #$ % &" 1% (!)* Fo( G+, *!-%.," FOC!

Healthcare

—!6#0B N*0&#

121

HEALTHCARE) }

Key gures_ !
)
IF+&,’
€ million 2018 895: € million %8S
Net sales 6,246 6,190 56 0.9%
Operating result (EBITD =5 5K==: -605 -45.3%
Margin (% of net sales)* 553:< 21.6%
EBITDA® 1,492 8K98L - 536 - 26.4%
Margin (% of net sales)* 23.9% =8;L<
EBITDA)/O’ * 1,556 SKi= >B5: >38;8<
Margin (% of net sales)’ 24.9% 28.6%
Business free cash flow® 1,025 1,314 -289 >B8;9<

> Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial

)G-+"# &-C; )
8 Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;

D)M)8>-/)=9!><!=)9!278)2!7=D!")2E892! !

><!>-)"79;>=2

In 2018, the Healthcare business sector generated organic sales
growth of 5.2%. After negative foreign exchange effects of -4.3%,
net sales rose to € 6,246 million (2017: € 6,190 million). The foreign
exchange effect resulted essentially from the development of the
U.S. dollar, the Turkish lira, the Russian ruble and a number of Latin
American currencies.

The net sales in the individual quarters as well as the respective
organic growth rates in 2018 are presented in the following graph:

HEALTHCARE)

2,3

Net sales and organic growth ' by quarter
€ million/organic growth in %

5 Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD)
8 Quarterly breakdown unaudited.)

=Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial

G-+-# &-C;
WHS %&()* 4&4, # &-).7/"0- !____I"#$ % &?!%(')* %o(Go+,*!-%.,” Go! ——!6#0B'N*0&#

122

Net sales of the key product lines and products developed as follows
in 2018:

HEALTHCARE .

Net sales by major product lines/products !

Organic Exchange rate

€ million 2018 Share growth * e"ects Total change 2017 Share

Oncology 944 15% 4.2% 4.5% —0.3% 946 15%
of which: Erbitux! 816 5=< 0.4% -4.8% -4.3% 853 14%
of which: Bavencio! 69 S< O599;9< >$9;L< O599;9< 85 9K

Neurology & Immunology 1,529 24% A1% 4.2% 5.4% 1,616 26%
of which: Rebift 1,438 8=< -6.5% -4.1% >$9;:< 1,611 26%
of which: Mavenclad! 90 5< 0599;9< >=35< O0599;9< 5 9«

Fertility 1,162 19% 11.1% 5.0% 6.2% 1,094 18%
of which: Gonal-f! OL 55< 5.3% -4.8% 0.5% 704 55<

General Medicine &

Endocrinology 2,341 38% 5.8% 44% 1.5% 2,308 37%
of which: Glucophage! == 58< 15.1% -4.4% 59;:< 662 55<
of which: Concor' 475 L< 55;8< -4.5% 6.7% 444 <
of which: Euthyrox! 363 6% 1.9% > L< -1.9% =:9 6%
of which: Saizen! 234 4% >< -6.3% -9.4% 259 4%

Other 270 4% 226 4%

Healthcare 6,246 100% 5.2% 4.3% 0.9% 6,190 100%

> Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
)G-+-"#'&-C;,  )
8 Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;

Sales of the drug Rebif' , which is used to treat relapsing forms of
multiple sclerosis, saw an organic sales decline of -6.5% in 2018.
Including negative exchange rate effects of -4.1%, sales of € 1,438 mill
lion were recorded (2017: € 1,611 million). Sales in the biggest mar1
ket, North America, declined $E)-5.0% in organic terms due to the
persistently difficult competitive situation in the interferons market.)
A price increase made in February 2018 only partly offset this)’6’7 1
opment. Consequently, sales in North America fell to € 920 million
(2017: € 1,012 million). Competitive pressure in Europe was 0’C/"& 1
sible for the organic sales decline of -11.7%. Taking into account
C7%,F-THegative exchange rate effects, sales came to € 395 million
(2017: € 456 million). The sales declines in the other regions, which
generated total Rebif' sales of € 123 million (2017: € 142 million),
were primarily due to negative exchange rate developments.

Sales of the oncology drug Erbitux' were stable in organic terms,
and after negative exchange rate effects of -4.8%, sales decreased
to € 816 million (2017: € 853 million). The negative organic devell
opment in Europe of -0.8% was the result of the difficult competitive
C’--%&,)+&()C"#’) price reductions. Erbitux' )C+7’C)%&he European
market amounted to € 437 million (2017: € 447 million). Net sales of
the oncology drug in the Asia-Pacific region were stable in organic
terms (-0.3%). The drop in sales to € 255 million (2017: € 263 mill
lion) was attributable to negative exchange rate effects. Organic
growth in Latin America was more than offset by very strong, negative
foreign exchange rate effects, leading to a decline in sales to € 71 mill
lion (2017: € 87 million). In the Middle East and Africa, organic sales
were at last year’s level at € 54 million (2017: € 56 million).
W"#$ % 8 ()*+& +, # &-)/"0- $I" #$ % &? 1% (')* %o(Go+,*!-%.,” Go!

—!6#0B N*0&#

123

HEALTHCARE) }

Sales and organic growth ‘of Rebif * and Erbitux * by region — 2018

Asia-Paci c Middle East and
Total Europe North America (APAC ) Latin America Africa (| MEA)
€ million 1,438 395 920 58 48 62
Rebift Organic growth*)%&x«) -6.5% >B53:< -5.0% >$9;8< -3.5% 4.3%
% of sales 599< 8L< 64% 5< =< 4%
€ million 816 437 > 255 5 54
Erbitux! Organic growth*)%é§x) 0.4% >P;L< > >Pra< L::< 9:5<
% of sales 599< 53% > =5< 9% <<

5 Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD:

With the product Mavenclad'! , a medicine for the oral short-course
treatment of highly active relapsing multiple sclerosis, sales of
€ 90 million were generated in 2018 (2017: € 5 million). The product
was approved in Europe in August 2017. Sales of Bavencio! K)+&)
immuno-oncology medicine, increased to € 69 million (2017:
€ 21 million).

Gonal-f! , the leading recombinant hormone used in the treatl
ment of infertility, generated organic growth of 5.3%, to which the
trend in the North America region, in particular, contributed with
double-digit organic growth rates. Taking into account currency
headwinds of - 4.8%, global sales amounted to € 708 million (2017:
€ 704 million). The other products from the fertility portfolio also
contributed to the increase in net sales with double-digit organic
growth)0+-’C)+B0"CC)+77)0’ ,%"&C;

The General Medicine & Endocrinology franchise (including
CardioMetabolic Care), which commercializes products to treat
cardiovascular diseases, thyroid disorders, diabetes and growth
(%@rders, among other things, generated organic growth of 5.8%.
After negative foreign exchange effects of -4.4%, net sales rose to
€ 2,341 million (2017: € 2,308 million). Diabetes drug Glucophage! K)

the best-selling product in this area, made a significant contribution
to this development with organic growth of 15.1%. While all regions
reported positive growth, the Asia-Pacific region was the main driver
of higher Glucophage! sales. A negative exchange rate effect of
-4.4% reduced growth and resulted in total sales of € 733 million
(2017: € 662 million). Double-digit organic growth rates (11.2%)
were also achieved with beta-blocker Concor' ;)3’C/%-’) +(6’0C’)
exchange rate effects (-4.5%), net sales of this medicine increased
to € 475 million (2017: € 445 million). All regions contributed to this
gratifying organic development, primarily Europe and Asia-Pacific.
Euthyrox! K)+)# (%B%&’)-")-0’ +-)-FE0"%()(%C"0(’0CK)0’B"0(’()"0,+&%B)
growth of 1.9%. However, this was not able to offset the exchange
rate effect (-3.8%). As a result, sales at € 363 million fell slightly
short of the prior-year figure (2017: € 370 million). Saizen! K)-F’)
top-selling product in the Endocrinology franchise, generated sales
of € 234 million (2017: € 259 million).

Net sales of the Healthcare business sector by region in 2018 devell
oped as follows:

HEALTHCARE )

Net sales by region '

Organic Exchange rate Acquisitions/

€ million 2018 Share growth § e"ects divestments Total change 2017 Share
Europe 8K89= 35% 4.6% >B:8< > 2.4% 2,152 35%
North America 1,432 8=< 9;5< -4.2% > -4.1% 1,494 24%
Asia-Pacific (@4@!D 1,501 24% L;:< >< > 5.6% 1,421 8=<
A+-%&) @# 0%B+ 661 55< 10.9% -14.5% > >EN< 687 55<
*%((7’)2+C-)+&(_)

Africa (*?@ D 448 < 5.9% >:8< > 8;L< 436 :<
Healthcare 6,246 100% 5.2% 4.3% — 0.9% 6,190 100%

> Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial

)G-+-'#'&-C;, )
8 Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;
WHS %&()* 4&4, # &-).7/"0-

124

The results of operations developed as follows:

!____I"#$ % &?!%(')* %o(Go+,*!-%.,” Go!

—!6#0B N*0&#

HEALTHCARE)

Results of operations !

)

IF+&,”
€ million 2018 in % 895: TSE € million TSE
Net sales 6,246 100.0% 6,190 100.0% 56 0.9%
Cost of sales -1,425 >B8;L< -1,340 -21.6% -85 6.4%
Gross pro t 4,820 71.2% 4,850 78.4% 30 9.6%
Marketing and selling expenses - 2,339 - 37.4% >B$K=:= > FL =< 34 -1.4%
@(#%&%C-0+-%"&) I &C'C > 95 -4.8% >B:5 -4.4% >9 55;9<
2 C’+0BF)+&(0(6'7'"/# &-)B"C-C -1,686 >B9< -1,600 -25.8% -86 5.4%
2 H#+%&I&,)"1 04+-%&,) I? &C’C)+&)%KB"#? 8=: =;L< =5 55;L< -494 -67.6%
Operating result ( EBIT )? 731 11.7% 1,337 21.6% —605 45.3%
Depreciation/amortization/impairment losses/reversals )
of impairment losses 761 58;8< 691 55;8< 69 59;9<
'"#$% &’ (&)$*+,-./012/.3 1443 !5 $43 !783 19 $2253
EBITDA ? 1,492 23.9% 2,028 32.8% —536 26.4%
Restructuring expenses 58 5: -5 -31.9%
Integration expenses/IT expenses 5L 8: -9 - 34.5%
Gains (-)/losses (+) on the divestment of businesses 26 -316 342 O599<
Acquisition-related adjustments > > > >
Other adjustments L 16 >L -51.0%
EBITDA pre ? 28.6% 217 12.2%

1,556 24.9% 1,773

5 Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial

)G-+/#&-C; )
8 Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;

Gross profit of the Healthcare business sector was weighed down by
foreign exchange rate effects in 2018. At € 4,820 million (2017:
€ 4,850 million) it remained flat, resulting in a gross margin of 77.2%
(2017: 78.4%).

The decrease in marketing and selling expenses was due mainly
to foreign exchange effects. Research and development costs
reflected continued investments in the Biopharma development pipel
line and amounted to € 1,686 million (2017: € 1,600 million). The
decline in other operating expenses and income was due to multiple
factors in both 2018 and 2017. Thus the 2017 figure included the
gain on the divestment of the Biosimilars business amounting to
€ 319 million, which was adjusted when calculating EBITDA pre. The
previous year’s figures also included milestone payments for the
approval of Bavencio' (€ 124 million) as well as income from an
agreement on a one-time payment for future license payments
(€ 116 million). The year 2018 included receipt of a milestone pay!
ment of € 50 million from BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc., United

States, in connection with the sale of PALYNZIQ! (Peg-Pal) in 2016.
Moreover, income from license agreements and from the transfer of
rights had a positive effect on the fourth quarter of 2018. The foll
lowing impairments and reversals of impairment losses were also
included in remaining other expenses and income. In 2017, the
reversals of impairment losses on the intangible asset for cladribine
of € 17 million as a result of the marketing authorization of Mavenclad! )
had boosted other operating expenses. In 2018, a reduction in the
fair value of contingent consideration from the sale of the Biosimilars
business led to expenses of € -27 million.

After eliminating depreciation, amortization, impairments and
reversals of impairment losses as well as adjustments, EBITDA)/0’)
decreased by -12.2% to € 1,556 million (2017: € 1,773 million) in
2018. Negative foreign exchange effects of -10.7% had a material
effect on the development of this key figure. The EBITDAYO0’ #+0,%&)
relative to sales came to 24.9% (2017: 28.6%).
W"#$ %&()* 4&4, # &-).7"0- $I" #$ % &" 1% (!)* Fo( G+, *!-%.," FOC! ——!6#0B'N*0&# 1 25

The development of EBITDA pre in the individual quarters in com1
parison with 2017 is presented in the following overview:

HEALTHCARE)

EBITDA pre ! and change by quarter 2.3
€ million/change in %

2018 ——* (sy

2017 ——* (aye 450 397
— J oo Fn) a  ) oo a a

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD)

8 Quarterly breakdown unaudited.)

=Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
G+ # &-C;

D)M)8>-/)=9!><!CE2;=)22!<"))!:726!<8>F

In 2018, business free cash flow amounted to € 1,025 million (2017:
€ 1,314 million). The decline was primarily attributable to lower
EBITDA)/0’)+&()+)0%C’ )%&)0’ B’ %64$7'°C) )

HEALTHCARE)

Business free cash ow ne

)

IF+&,’
€ million 2018 895: € million %8S
EBITDA)/O’ * 1,556 SKi= >B5: >38;8<
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software as well as )
advance payments for intangible assets -395 -375 -19 5.2%
IF+&,’C)%&)%&O’ &-"0%’ C -55 -34 >B5 63.1%
Changes in trade accounts receivable as well as receivables from royalties and licenses >LS5 -49 > 8 64.6%
Business free cash ow 2 1,025 1,314 —289 22.0%

> Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
)G-+"# &-C; )
8 Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;
1 26 W"#$ % 8? ()*+&+,# &-)./"0- $I" #$ % & "1% (!)* Fo( Yor, *!-%.," FOC! ——!6#0B'N*0&#

The development of business free cash flow items in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2017 is presented in the following over1
view:

HEALTHCARE)

Business free cash ow ' and change by quarter 23

€ million/change in %

Ql Q2 Q3 Q4
2018 —— (2)

N
wo
hs)
N
n
ms

2017 ——* (eEy 4
--@_@o -_-@_a-—_

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD)

8 Quarterly breakdown unaudited.)

=Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
G+ # &-C;

ius)
w
w
ms
vs)

W"#$% & ()* 4&4, # &-)/"0-

Life Science

1234 )5!246!4

1" #$ % &

"1% (1)*%(Fo+,*!-%.,” Fo! 01 CH

127

ee

Key gures
)
1<4&,’
T)#IB8%"& 2018 2@>A T)#I88%"& Se
Net sales BC>DE ECDD? F@G 5.2%
Operating result (4H2I ) >C@FB DFG 2@? 24.2%
Margin (% of net sales)” 16.7% 14.2%
4H2UK > >CAEE >CED@ >AE 11.1%
Margin (% of net sales)” 28.4% 26.9%
4H21JK )/0’ > >CDG@ >CADB EG 3.0%
Margin (% of net sales) 29.8% 30.4%
Business free cash flow> 1,393 >CG@? -9 -0.7%

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (23.5 s).

2)3)/4-5)67!48!16)7!19/)1!962!")1:/71! !
48!14-)"97;461
In 2018, Life Science posted organic sales growth of 8.8%, partially
offset by negative foreign exchange effects of - 3.6%. Net sales rose
overall by 5.2% to € 6,185 million (2017: € 5,882 million).

All three business units of the business sector contributed favor-
ably to the organic sales growth of Life Science. Process Solutions
generated double-digit organic sales growth of 14.8%, attributable

1234 )5!246!4  )

Net sales and organic growth
7 )#%88%" &9"0,+&%:),0";-<) %=

'by quarter?

Ql Q
2018 —— (14) 1,543
2017 —— (5) 1,495

--@- @q-—

to high demand across the portfolio and was thus again the business
sector’s main growth driver in 2018. Applied Solutions continued to
perform very well, posting organic growth of 6.3% and the Research
Solutions business unit reported an organic sales increase of 4.1%.

The development of sales in the individual quarters in comparison
with 2017 as well as the respective organic growth rates are pre-
sented in the following graph:

Q3

1,527

1,408

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (23.5 s).)
’? Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
W"#$ %&?()*+&4,#' &-)7"0- 1 #$ %&

128

1% (1)* %(%o+,*!-%.," Fo!

8 4D

LIFE SCIENCE ,

Net sales by business unit '

Organic Exchange rate Acquisitions/
€ million 2018 Share growth * e"ects divestments Total change 2017 Share
Process Solutions 2,487 40% 14.8% -3.5% > 55;=< 2,234 =L<
Research Solutions 2,048 ==< 4.1% -3.6% > 0.5% 8K9=L 35%
Applied Solutions 1,650 8:< 6.3% > L< > 2.5% 1,609 8:<
Life Science 6,185 100% 8.8% 3.6% — 5.2% 5,882 100%

5 Previous year’s figures have been adjusted due to an internal realignment.)
8 Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;

The Process Solutions business unit, which markets products and
services for the entire pharmaceutical production value chain,),’& 1
erated double-digit growth of 14.8< and net sales of € 2,487 million)
(2017: € 2,234 million) in 2018. This means that Process Solutions
accounted for 40% (2017: 38%) of Life Science net sales. All busil
ness areas of Process Solutions contributed to this strong perforl
mance. The key driver was the BioProcessing business unit, particul
larly in the Asia-Pacific and North America regions.

The Research Solutions business unit, which provides products
and services to support life science work in pharmaceutical, biotech!
&"7" E)+&()+B+(#%B) 0’ C’+0BF)7+$"0+-"0%’ CK)0’B"0C (+) #"(0+-’)
organic sales increase of 4.1% in 2018. Strong performance by both
Lab & Specialty Chemicals and Reagents & Kits in particular led to
the growth in net sales of Research Solutions, which increased to

€ 2,048 million (2017: € 2,038 million), representing 33% (2017:
35%) of the business sector’s net sales. In regional terms, Asia-
Pacific was the strongest growth driver for Research Solutions in
895L;)

The Applied Solutions business unit generated strong organic
sales growth of 6.3% with its broad range of products for researchers
as well as scientific and industrial laboratories. Net sales increased to
€ 1,650 million (2017: € 1,609 million). Accordingly, the business
unit contributed 27% (2017: 27%) to net sales of the Life Science
business sector. The sales performance of Applied Solutions was
driven by all business fields, and primarily by the North America and
Asia-Pacific regions.

Net sales of the business sector by region developed as follows:

LIFE SCIENCE ,

Net sales by region

Organic Exchange rate Acquisitions/

€ million 2018 Share growth 5 e"ects divestments Total change 2017 Share
Europe 2,136 35% 6.4% >P;L< > 5.6% 8K988 34%
North America 8K5:= 35% 8.4% -4.6% > =;L< 2,093 35%
Asia-Pacific (@4@!D 1,532 25% 13.6% > EL< > 9.8% 1,395 24%
A+-%&) @# 0%B+ 256 4% 10.5% -16.5% > -6.0% = 5%
*9%((7’)24+C-)+&(_)

Africa (*?@ D LL 5< >Li< >Bu< > -10.4% 98 8<
Life Science 6,185 100% 8.8% 3.6% — 5.2% 5,882 100%

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;

W"#$% & ()*¥+&+4,#' &-)/"0-

The results of operations of the Life Science business sector devel!
oped as follows:

11" #$.% Be? 19 (1) *%(Yo+,* 1%...” %(!

8 4D

129

LIFE SCIENCE)

Results of operations

)

IF+&,”
€ million 2018 in % 895: TSE € million TS
Net sales 6,185 100.0% 5,882 100.0% 304 5.2%
Cost of sales >$K:8= -44.0% -2,588 -44.0% -135 5.2%
Gross pro t 3,463 56.0% 3,294 56.0% 169 5.1%
Marketing and selling expenses -1,775 >BL;:< -1,734 -29.5% -41 2.4%
@(#%&%C-0+-%"&) I &CC >BL8 -4.6% -261 -4.4% >B8 Ly=<
2 C’+0BF)+&((6°7'"/# &-)B"C-C -249 -4.0% -241 -4.1% >L 3.4%
2 #+%&I&,)"1 0+-%&,) I? &C’C)+&)%EB"#? >385 >B39< -224 > EL< 104 -46.2%
Operating result ( EBIT )! 1,036 16.7% 834 14.2% 202 24.2%
Depreciation/amortization/impairment losses/)
reversals of impairment losses 719 11.6% 746 583:< >: -3.6%
!"#$% &’ (&)$*+,-./012/.3 !<83 183 !<:3 19 9:23
EBITDA ! 1,755 28.4% 1,580 26.9% 175 11.1%
Restructuring expenses = 5 >B -45.0%
Integration expenses/IT expenses 86 114 -29 -25.0%
Gains (-)/losses (+) on the divestment of businesses >L 5 -9 O599<
Acquisition-related adjustments 8 63 -61 -97.2%
Other adjustments = 88 -19 - 86.5%
EBITDA pre ! 1,840 29.8% 1,786 30.4% 54 3.0%

5 Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD:

Gross profit increased by 5.1% to € 3,463 million (2017: € 3,294 mill
lion). Despite currency headwinds, the strong increase was driven
by organic growth in sales across all business units. Marketing and
selling expenses increased by 2.4% to € 1,775 million (2017:
€ 1,734 million), while R&D expenses increased by 3.4% to € 249 mill
lion (2017: € 241 million). The decline in other operating expenses
and income of -46.2% to € -121 million (2017: € -224 million ) was
the result of lower acquisition-related adjustments and a fall in adjust
#&-C )for integration expenses/IT expenses that were included in

))

this item. In comparison with 2017, the operating result (EBIT) of
Life Science rose by € 202 million to € 1,036 million (2017: € 834 mill
7%" &DAfter eliminating depreciation and amortization as well as
adjustments, EBITDA pre - the key indicator to assess the earning
power -)%&B0’+C’(0$E)=;9 < to € 1,840)million (2017: € 1,786)#%1
7%" $2) EBITDA)/0’ )%#/0"6’ ()SE):;9<)"6’0)-F’)/0%"0)E’ +0) %&)"0,+8&%B)
terms, whereas negative foreign exchange rate effects depressed
this key indicator by -3.9%.
1 30 W"#$% & ()*4+& 4, # &-)/"0- !__I"#$ % & "1% (1) * %o(Go+,*!-%.,”  %o(! 84D

The development of EBITDA pre in the individual quarters in com1
parison with 2017 is presented in the following overview:

LIFE SCIENCE)

EBITDA pre ! and change by quarter 2
€ million/change in %
Ql Q Q3 a
2018 ——* (755) 452 460
2017 ——* (eS 454 426

--@- qe  @  e-—

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD)
8 Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

D)M)8>-/)=9!><!CE2;=)22!<"))!:726!<8>F

In 2018, the business free cash flow of the Life Science business
sector remained stable at the previous year’s level at € 1,393 million
(2017: € 1,402 million). Essentially, the inventory build-up to support
sales growth was offset by higher EBITDA pre and lower investments.

LIFE SCIENCE)

Business free cash ow '

)

IF+&,”
€ million 2018 895: € million % 88
EBITDA)/O’ 5 1840 1,786 54 =:9<
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software as well as )

advance payments for intangible assets -315 > :5 56 -15.1%
!F+&,’C)%&)%&6' &-"0%’ C -116 8L -144 0799;9<
Changes in trade accounts receivable as well as )

receivables from royalties and licenses >5: -41 24 -59.3%
Business free cash ow 1 1,393 1,402 9 —0.7%

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;
W"#$% & ()*4+& 4, # &-)/"0- !____I"#$ % & "1% (1) * % (Yor, *!-%.,” MOC! 8 4D 1 3 1

The development of business free cash flow items in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2017 is presented in the following overl
view:

LIFE SCIENCE)

Business free cash ow ' and change by quarter 2
€ million/change in %

Ql Q2 Q3 Q4
2018 —— (5 269 411
2017 ——+ (4 423 416

--@—_—@-_@ —_ea-—

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD)
8 Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

132

Performance Materials

W"#$ %& ()* 4&4, # &-).7"0- $I" #$ % &" 1% (!)* Fo( G+, *!-%.," FOC!

——!-#&4%&+0(*#1/0° #& OB.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS)

Key gures
)
IF+&,’
€ million 2018 895: € million % 88
Net sales 2,406 2,446 -40 >Bi<
Operating result (EBITD 508 689 >$L5 -26.3%
Margin (% of net sales)* 85;5< 8L;8<
EBITDA® 769 947 >$:L >SL;L<
Margin (% of net sales)* =8;9< =L;:<
EBITDA)/0’ * 786 980 -194 -19.8%
Margin (% of net sales)* =83:< 40.1%
Business free cash flow’ 588 906 > SL -35.1%

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;

D)M)8>-/)=9!><!=)9!278)2!7=D!")2E892! !
><!>-)"79;>=2
In 2018, net sales of the Performance Materials business sector
decreased by -1.7% to € 2,406 million (2017: € 2,446 million). This
drop was mainly attributable to adverse exchange rate effects of
- 3.4% or € 83 million. They resulted primarily from a weaker U.S.
dollar over the previous year and declining Asian currencies such as
the Taiwan dollar and the Japanese yen.

The Semiconductor Solutions business unit, which pools the busil
ness for materials to produce integrated circuits, generated strong
organic sales growth in 2018, as expected.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS)

Net sales and organic growth
€ million/organic growth in %

2

' by quarters

Ql
2018 ——* (a!

2017 —— (es

Sales in the Surface Solutions business unit fell short of expectations
and were below the prior year’s figure due to factors including the
decline in demand for automobiles in Europe, North America and
!F% &+;

The Display Solutions business unit recorded organic sales that
were just positive owing to rising demand and strong growth in the
HA?3 area and to non-recurring project-related liquid crystal sales,
above all in the third and fourth quarters of 2018.

The net sales in the individual quarters as well as the respective
organic growth rates in 2018 are presented in the following graph:
))

--@-—_-@q-_@ —e-—

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD)
8 Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
"HS %&()* 4&4, # &-).7/"0- 1" #$ % &" 1% (!)* Fo( G+, *!-%.," FOC! i! -#K4%K+0(*#!/0° #& OB.

Net sales of the Performance Materials business sector by region
developed as follows:
))

133

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS

Net sales by region

Organic Exchange rate Acquisitions/

€ million 2018 Share growth ! eects divestments Total change 2017 Share
Europe 889 9% -4.8% >Ps=< > -5.0% 8=5 9%
North America 214 9% 9s=< -4.6% > -4.3% 88= 9%
Asia-Pacific (@4@!D 1,932 L9< 2.9% -3.5% > >Ps< 1,945 L9x<
A+-%&) @# 0%B+ =8 8< > L< >Lisx< > >B835< = 8<
*%((7’)24C-)+&(_)

Africa (*?@ D L 9<« -18.4% -1.6% > > B9;9< 59 9<
Performance Materials 2,406 100% 1.7% 34% _ 1.7% 2,446 100%

5 Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;

The development of results of operations is set out below:

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS)

Results of operations

)

IF+&,”
€ million 2018 in % 895: TSE € million TS
Net sales 2,406 100.0% 2,446 100.0% —40 A.7%
Cost of sales >$K8=5 -51.2% -1,145 -46.8% -86 7.5%
Gross pro t 1,175 48.8% 1,301 53.2% 127 9.1%
Marketing and selling expenses -255 -10.6% -242 -9.9% >p= 5.2%
@(#%&%C-0+-%"&) I &CC -90 >En< >y8 -2.9% >3L 25.1%
2 C’+0BF)+&((6°7"/#? &-)B"C-C -242 >$9;5< -225 -9.2% >5: 7.5%
2 H#+%&I&,)"1 04-%&,) WP? &C’C)+&)%KB"#? >LS >< >= >:9< >} 9.8%
Operating result ( EBIT )! 508 21.1% 689 28.2% 81 26.3%
Depreciation/amortization/impairment losses/)
reversals of impairment losses 261 10.9% 258 10.5% = Sia<
!"#$% &’ (&)$*+,-./012/.3 !<43 !<73 !5 $3 !5 4=>4;3
EBITDA ! 769 32.0% 947 38.7% A178 18.8%
Restructuring expenses 5 5 -4 - 78.5%
Integration expenses/IT expenses 15 89 -6 >B::5<
Gains (-)/losses (+) on the divestment of businesses > 5 >s >
Acquisition-related adjustments > > > >
Other adjustments 5 -6 -89.5%
EBITDA pre ! 786 32.7% 980 40.1% 194 19.8%

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;

In 2018, gross profit was € 127 million below the previous year’s (2017: 53.2%). The development of the gross margin is essentially
level and amounted to € 1,175 million (2017: € 1,301 million), explained by the price declines observed in the display industry and
resulting in an expected reduction in the gross margin to 48.8% by falling sales in the Surface Solutions business unit.
W"#$ %& ()* 4&4, # &-).7"0-

134

The operating result (EBIT) decreased to € 508 million in 2018 (2017:
€ 689 million). In addition to the sales and margin-related decline in
gross profit, this was due to higher marketing and selling expenses
as well as additional research and development costs. While the rise
in marketing and selling expenses was primarily attributable to logis!
tics costs, the increase in research costs was chiefly due to the tapping
of new growth areas in materials for the production of integrated
circuits.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS)

2

EBITDA pre ! and change by quarter
€ million/change in %

Ql
2018 ——* (We

239

2017 ——* ( Ves

$I" #$ % &" 1% (!)* Fo( G+, *!-%.," FOC!

——!-#&4%&+0(*#1/0° #& OB.

EBITDA pre of the business sector declined by -19.8% to € 786 mill
lion (2017: € 980 million). The negative foreign exchange impact of
-6.9% lowered this key performance indicator. Consequently, at
=8;:<K)-F’) EBITDA pre margin was below the prior-year figure
(2017: 40.1%).

The development of EBITDA pre in the individual quarters in com1
parison with 2017 is presented in the following overview:

249

--@- _-@o  @  e-—

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD)
8 Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

D)M)8>-/)=9!><!CE2;=)22!<"))!:726!<8>F!

At € 588 million, the business free cash flow of the Performance
Materials business sector in 2018 fell short of the prior-year figure
(2017: € 906 million). This resulted from the reduction in EBITDA)

pre, a rise in receivables as of the 2018 balance sheet date that was
primarily due to one-time project-related sales of liquid crystals in
the fourth quarter of 2018, and higher inventories in the Surface
Solutions business unit.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS)

Business free cash ow '

)

IF+&,”
€ million 2018 895: € million % 88
EBITDA)/0’ ° 786 980 -194 -19.8%
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software as well as )
advance payments for intangible assets >55L -125 -5.6%
IF+&,’C)%&)%&6' &-"0%'C -44 -14 >~9 — OF99:9<
Changes in trade accounts receivable and receivables from royalties and licenses -36 65 >595 Of99;9<
Business free cash ow 1 588 906 —318 35.1%

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;
"HS %&()* 4&4, # &-).7/"0- 1" #$ % &" 1% (!)* Fo( G+, *!-%.," FOC! i! -#K4%K+0(*#!/0° #& OB. 1 35

The development of business free cash flow items in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2017 is presented in the following over1
view:

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS)

Business free cash ow ' and change by quarter 2
€ million/change in %

Ql Q Q3 Q4
2018 —— (iy 143 152
2017 ——+ (xs 239 222

--@- @  @2@  @e-—

> Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD)
8 Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

W#$% &? (*+&+, # &-)./"0-

136

Corporate and Other

Corporate and Other comprises Group administration expenses for
central Group functions that cannot be directly allocated to the busil
ness sectors, such as Finance, Procurement, Legal, Communications
and Human Resources. Corporate costs additionally encompass

1" #$ % &? 1% (')* % (Gor, *!-%.,” So!

':%&$% &O'#!O( 11> N#&

expenses for central, non-allocated IT functions, including expenses
related to the expansion and harmonization of IT systems within the
Merck Group as well as research and development costs spanning
business sectors.

CORPORATE AND OTHER) }

Key gures_ !
)
IF+&,”

€ million 2018 895: € million [8
Operating result (EBITD - 548 -437 >$55 25.5%
EBITDA’ - 488 -391 -97 24.8%
EBITDA)/O’ * > LS -292 -89 30.6%
Business free cash flow -497 -429 -68 15.9%

> Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (49) “Effects from new accounting standards and other presentation and measurement changes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial

G-+# &-C;
8 Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSCD;

In 2018, administration expenses reported under Corporate and
Other increased to € 320 million (2017: € 295 million). Cross-busil
ness research and development costs amounting to € 47 million in
2018 (2017: € 42 million), such as expenses for the Innovation
Center, were allocated to Corporate. Other operating expenses (net)
rose to € -197 million (2017: € -101 million), due among other
things to a deterioration in the foreign exchange result. A reversal
of an impairment loss for other receivables amounting to € 37 million

had a positive effect on the operating result. The reversal was made
in connection with contractual refund claims from the sale of the
Generics business in 2007. After eliminating depreciation, amortizal
tion and adjustments, EBITDA pre amounted to € —381 million in
2018 (2017: € —292 million). The increase in negative business free
cash flow to € -497 million (2017: € —429 million) was mainly due
to the development of EBITDA)/0’;)
W"#$% & (*+&+, # &-)./"0-

$I" #S % RP NG(N")*+*1,(-1. $$ %&'/()’ )H*

137

Report on Risks and Opportunities

0121) +8()"1!"0-38Jo-Jo’ 1) +0" )%o&A’ 0 &-)-")’ &-0"/0" &? 30% +5) +6-%7%-89):’)
A+T’V3-)181-#1)+&(/0"6 11’ 1)%&V5+6’)-")%(’ &-%:8)0%121)+-)+&)’ +058)
1-+,”)+&()-")6"3&-0+6-)-4’#)$8)-+2%&,) +//0"0%+-") +6-Jo" &9):Jo-A% 8)
-4°)6"H/4+48&8<)"/"0-3&%-8 H+ 8c+, # &-)% 1+ &)W&~’ O+5)O"H/" & &-)":)
Jo&0845)(6Fo 1%" &=H42 Wo8,/0"6’ 11 1)1364)4+-1)14"0-=)+- 8 (HP? (Wo3#=-’ OH)
[548.8% &,)+8() %o &-0+=8" +0)$31%&’ 11)/5+&19

"Y*41 (-!%$$%&’/()’ O!1(.2#1#C

*°()62) %1)/+0-)";) +) 6"#/5’ ><) ,5"$+5)$31 %&’ 11)7"05()+&() %1)-4’0’;"0")
exposed to a multitude of external and internal influences. Every
$31%&’ 11) (°6%1%"&) %1)-4’0’;"0") $+ 1 ()"&)-4’) +11"6%4-’ (0% 121) +&()
"11'"0-3& %-%’ 19

In our internal risk reporting, risks are defined as potential future
7 &-1)"O)C7T 5" &-1)-44-)6"35()5’ +=" 4)&? 4-97 V7 %o+-o" &):0"#)
our (financial) targets. In parallel, opportunities are defined as poten=
oS’ &-1)"0)C7’ 5"? &-1)-4+-) o#/58) +)" 1%- IT \C? 7 Jo+-Fo" &);0"#)"30)
planned (financial) targets. Identified future events and expected
C75" &-L)+0")-+2’ &)%8-")4+66"38-) %o8) Yo &-’ O&+5)/5+8 8 % 8,)/0"7%0)
-4+-)%-)6+&)$’ 4 113#’ ()-4-+-)-4’ %0)" 66300 &6”)% 1)5%2’ 58)%&)-4’ 5+ &%E,)
1°0%"(9) @4’ 0% 121) +8() "//"0-3& Jo-Jo’ 1)/0? 1? &-"() Yo&)-4’) 3"55"2%8,) 0% 12)
+8&()"//"0-38 %-%’ 1)0’/"0-)+0" -4" VP V"~’ &-J+5);3-30’) 7’ &-1)-4+-)6"35()
0° 1/°6-%7’58)5’ +()-")+)& +-%T’ "OM" 1%- IT C71 %o+-Fo" &):0"#)-4’ )-"/%061)
6"7°0° ()$8)/5+& &%&,9

"345167879:6:8;!<".=:44
@4’)"$A6-%7’ )";)"30)0% 12+. &+, #° &-H-6-%7Jo-% 1)%o1)-")0"6",&IB’<)t1 11+)
+&()#+-&+,’)0% 121)’ +058)" &)+&()-") WH#/5’ # &-)+//0"/0%+-’ #’ +130" 1)
-"S#% 8 To# TB’ )-4’ #9) @4’ JO" 1/"&1%$%5%-%’ 1<)"$A’6-%T’ 1)+-&()/0"6' 11° 1)"3)
0% 12) #4+&+,'# &-) +0’)? 160%$ () %&) "30) %&~’ 0&+5)0% 12) H+ 8+,’ #’ &-)
13%? 5%&’ 19) @4’)$31%&’ L1)4?+(1<) #4+-&+,%&,) (%0°6-"01)";)*°062)13$ =
sidiaries and the heads of Group functions are specified as employees
2%-AYO’ 11" 8 1%$J05F%-8);"0)0% 1219) @4’),0"3/)" 36" & 1"5%(-4-’ 6" #/+&%’ 1);"0)
0% 12)0°/"0-%8&,)/30/"1’ 1) %1)-4’) 1+#°) +1) -4’) ,0"3/)"3) 6"&1"5%(4-'()
6ompanies for the consolidated financial statements. Every six months,)
-4°)0%12)"28&’ OL)+1 1’ 11)-4’ %0)0% 12) 1-+-31)+&()0"/"0-)-4’ %0)0% 12)/"0-3"5%")
-").%12)*+ 8+, # &-9) BLL 6%+5)0% 12VH+Ec+, # &-)1"3-240? 8-4? )
6"&-">-)":)-4'1°)46-%7%-% 19

C%2’2% 1’ <)0% 12=#%-%,+-To&,)# +130" 1) +0) 0°/"0-’() +&( +11 11° (9)
@4’Y 37°6-%7 & V1)" 4? VHP +130? 1H &0)-4 5+ 88 (HSH &-+-%o" &)
-Jo# );0-+#° +0" )#"& %-"0" ()$8)D0"3/).% 12)*+&+,'# &-9

@4’)0’ 1%(3+5)0%12)-+;-’0)-4’) %o#/5°#? &-+-o"&)";)-4’ 1’ )# +130’ 1)%1)
10° 1? 8’ ()%o8&)-4 ) Yo&e-’ 08&-+5)0% 12)0’/"0-)+1) &’-)0% 129)

DO"3/) !"&-0"55%&,)E) .%12) *+&+, # &-) "O#L)-4’)"0,+& %B+-%" &+5)
{044° 2"02) ;"0)0% 12) #+&+, # &-) +8&()0°/"0-1)(%0’6-58)-")-4’)D0"3/)
Chief Financial Officer. Group Risk Management uses the information
0°/"0-0-")C ~ 0# %&’)-4’ 6300" &-)0% 12)/"0-;"5%");"0)-4’)*?062)D0"3/<)
presenting this in a report to the Executive Board, the Supervisory
Board and the Finance Committee with detailed explanations twice
1°08’ +09)@4% 1)+5 1" &6"#/+ 11’ L)+VO"$4$%5%-8=?’ %,4-’ (+,,0" +-Jo"&)
":)0%121)+-)D0"3/)5°7’5)3 1% &,)+)*"&-’) 1405") 1 %#35+-%" &9)F30-4’ O#"0’ <)
significant changes in the assessment of the risks already known and
new significant risks can be reported at any time and are communi=
cated to the Executive Board on an ad hoc basis.

F"0)0°/"0-%&,)0%121)?%-4)+)/"~’ &-Jo+5)&’ +-%T \MoH#/+6-)"&)"30) EBIT<)
+)#% & To 3#)-40" 14"5()% 1) 1’-)+-)+)7453°)"3)G MH) #%55%" &)%&)-4’)1-+& (+400)
/0"6° 11)+&()+-)+)74+53’)"3)G — )TH )#%55%"&)%&)-4’)+()4"6)/0"6’ 119).%121)
$°5"2)-4’ 1’)-40" 14"5(1}4.0")1-7°0" (0% 871’ &(? &-58)?%-4% &-A’ $31 %&’ 11)
sectors. The relevant timeframe for internal risk reporting is five
8°+019 )@4’)’;;’6-1)"3)0% 121) 160%$’ ()%&)-4% 1)0’/"0-)"&)W121H&"/"0 =
-3&%-Jo’ 1)+0 VO? 1? &-’ (+1 4 & &345)7+53’ 19)@4’ +11 11#° &-)";-4’)0% 121)
10° 1’ &~’()0’5+-’ 1)-")J’6’#$’0) KL<)IMLN9) @4’0’)?’0’)&")0’5°7+&-)
6448&,"1)4;-’0)-4’)$4+54+8&6")14’’-)(+-’)-44-)7"35()447’ )&’ 6’ 11% -+-’()
+&) HE & (0/0? 1? &-+-%" &)";)-4’)0% 12) 1 %-34+-%" &)";)-4’)D0"3/9

:%-4%&) -4’) 16"’)";) +3(%-1<) DO"3/) O&-’0&+5) P3(%-%&,) 0’ ,35+058)
0°7%’21)-4)/’ 0;"0#+8&6’ )":)0%12)#+8&+,’ # &-)/0"6' 11 1)2%-4% &)-4’)
3.8&Jo- LH B(<H-)-4) LHP +S? <4’ 6" HB 8 %6+-To" 8)" 30’ 5’ 7+8&-)0% 121):0"# )
4Y"7 04-%o8&,)$31 8’ 11? 1)-")DO"3/).% 12)* +84, # &-9

<<."3>83;2167879:6:8;!<".=:44
@4’) 0% 12) #+8&+, # &-) 181-"#)(? 160%$’ () 6" &6? &-O+-" 1) "&)$31%&’ 11)
0% 121<)+8() &"-)"&)"//"0-3 8 %o-%’ 1) +-)-4) 14?) -%#’ 9) @4’)"//"0-3& %-8)
H+ &-+, # &-/0"6’ 11)%1)%&~’ +’ () %&-")"30) %&-’ 0&+5)6"&-0"55%&,/O" =
6’ 11° 1) +8&() 6+00% ’()"3-) %&) -4’) "1° 0+ -% &,) 3&Jo-1) "&)-4’) $+1%1)"3)-4’)
DO0"3/)1-0+-’ ,89)@4’)$31%8&? 117 1)4+-&+58B’ 4-& (HLL 11)" &-%+5}H#+02’-)
"1"0-38%o-J’ 1) +1)/4+0-)";) 1-0-+4-’ 8) +8&()/5+&& Jo&,)/0"6’ 1119) O&)-4%1)
6" &>-<)%&T LAP &-)"I1"0-3.& %o-F’ 1) +0’ >+# ME’ ()+&()/0%"0%-%B’ (0% =
#4+0%58)%&} O#1)" 3-4’ HOV" &-%o+5)7+53’ VO'/" 1 %-Jo" &)%oE)"0(’ 0)-"Y & 130")
+&)’3;°6-%T’)+55"64+-%" &)";)0’ 1"306' 19):’) 15° 6-%7’58)%&T 1-)%o&),0"2-4)
#402’-1)-")5°7’04,")-4’)"//"0-3& Yo-%’ 1)";)(B&+H#I6) (7 S"HP &-)+&()
631-"#°0)/0">%#%-8)+-)+)5"6+5)5°7°59

If the occurrence of the identified opportunities is rated as likely,
-4°8)+0°) %&6"0/"0+-’ () o&-")-4’) $31 %o&’ 11) /5+& 1) +8&()-4’) 14"0-=-’ O#)
"0° 6+1-19) @0’ &(1),"%&,)$’ 8"8&()-4%1)"0)?7’ &-1)-4+-)6"35()5’+()-") +)
positive development in the net assets, financial position and results
"7° 0+4-%" 8 1)+0? VO? 1? &-? ()% &)-4’) "55" 2F0&, 0’ /"0-+ 1)"//"0-38& %o-%’ 19)
@4’ 1)6"35()447’)4+)/"1%-%T’)’ 35’ 6-)" &)"30)# (%3#=-’ 0#)/0" 1/°6-19
1 38 "HS %&?()* 4&4, # &-).7"0- $I" HS GNM (!")¥H*I(-L S$ WR'/()’ )#*

"YE+1(-19$$ %o&’1()’ 01,8 4 LEC

"3454

The significance of risks is calculated on the basis of their potential

negative impact on the forecast financial targets in conjunction with

-4’ V0" $4+$%5%-8)" ;)"66300" &6’)";)-4’)0’ 1/°6-%7? 0% 129)O.&)5 %&’ )?%-4}-4’ 1’)

two factors, risks are classified as “high”, “medium” or “low”.
@4’)3&(?058%&,) 16+5’ 1) ;"0)# +130%&,)-4’ 1’) :+.6-"01) +0") 14"2&)

$75"2Q

PROBABILITY OF OCCURRENCE) .

RO"$4+$%5%-8)";)"66300' &6" Explanation

S IMT Unlikely
IMUHMT R"11%$5°
HLUNMT C%2’58
VNMT W’08)5%2’58
)

DEGREE OF IMPACT) }

J’,0°’)";)%#/+6- Explanation

!0%-%6+5)&’ ,+-%oT ) Jot /+6-)"&)-4’ )&’-)+11’-1<) )

VG)HM#%55%"& financial position and results of operations
Substantial negative impact on the net assets, )

GIMUHM#%55%"& financial position and results of operations
"C04" )&’ +-%T ) Mott/+6-)"&)-4’ )&’-)+11’-1<) )

G)HUS IM)#%55%"& financial position and results of operations

O#HH+~’0%+5)&’ +-%T’) Wott! +6-)" &)-4’ )&’ -)+11-1<) y
S G)H)#%55%"& financial position and results of operations

@4’)6"#$%&+-%" &)";)-4’)-2");4.6-"01)0" 135-1) %&)-4")0% 1 2)#+-0%>)$"5" 25)
which shows the individual risks and their significance to the Group.

RISK MATRIX) }

V G)HM#%55%"& * (Go3# * (%o3# X%,4 X%,A
G)IMUHM#%55%"& * (Go3# * (%o3# * (%o3# X%,A
G)HUS IM)#%55%"& c"? * (%o3# * (%o3# * (%o3#
S G)H)#%55%"& c"? c"? c"? Cc"?
O#/+6-

RO"$4+$%5%-8)";)"66300' &6’ S IMT IMUHMT HLUNMT VNMT

W"#$% & *+&+, # &-)./"0-

.00."12341456

Opportunities are assessed in their respective specific business envil
ronment. General measures of the business functions are quantified
(20% &,)"/’ 0+-%o" &+3/3+& & Jo&,4)2524336)%&)O’ 3+-%o"&)-")5+3° F8Y::< -/0’)
and business free cash flow. Net present value, internal rate of return,
-=’)0’-20&)"&)>+/%-+3) #/3"6 ()? -@!17 A)+&()-=’)+#"0-%B+-%" &)’ 0%"()
"C)-=’)%&D’ 5-#’ &-)+0’ VO%#+0%36)25’ ()-")+55?55)+&()/0%"0%-%B’ \%&D’ 5- 1
# &-)"//"0-28&%-Jo’ SEE Wo# 3403645 >’ &+0%"'5}4-0’ CO’ G2’ &-36)5’-)2/")S%H# 1
ulate the influence of possible fluctuations and changes in the respec1
tive factors on results. There is no overarching, systematic classification)
"C)-=’/0"$+$%3%-6)"C)">>200’ &>?)+&() ZoH/-+>-)"C)""0-2& %o-%’ SE

ACHE(,7!8%C MGT OW HN FRY <#=KG/S!
88%/(’)(>!$& %8#**

:=’)"$H’>-%D’)"C)-=)\%&~’ 08 +3)>"&-0"3)565~H)C"0)-=’ >> "2&-W%O"’55
is to implement controls that provide assurance that the financial
statements are prepared in compliance with the relevant accounting
laws and standards. This system covers measures designed to ensure
-=’)>"#/3"-’4)>"00" >-)+&()-%o#’ 36)>"&D’ 68>’ +-& (05? &-+-%o"&)"C\HKC"D
mation that is relevant for the preparation of the consolidated financial)
5-+-#’ &-5)+&()-=")>"#S [8 (t+ &+,'#’ &-)0°/"0-E

25@!1..A6

"=)%o&~’ 08&+3)>" &-0"3)565-'#)+-%H#5)-")’ &520’)-=’)+>>20+>6)"C)-=’)>"& 1
5"3%(4-’() +> >"2&-Jo&,)0">? 55) -=0"2,=) C28&>-%o"&Vo&,) %o&~’ 0&+3) >"&-0"35)
with reasonable assurance. The Group Accounting function centrally
steers the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of
*° O>DJK+<)+5)-=’ +0’ &-)>"#/4+&6)"C)-=’)*’ 0>1I)K0"2/E):=%5)K0"2/)

function defines the reporting requirements that all Merck subsidiar1
Jo’ 5)#25-)#"’-E)<-)-=’)5+#' )-%o##’ 4)-=%5)C2&>-%" &) 5-05) +&()#" & %-"05)
-=)5>="(23%&, + &(/0">?5510°3+-’ (0 G2%0' #’ &-5)"C-=’)>"&5"3%(+-’()
financial statements. Group Accounting centrally manages all changes
-") -=’)’G2%-6) ="3(% &,) 5-02>-20") + &() >"0075/"&(% &,36) +(+/-5) -=’)
KO"2/L5)5>"/’)"C)>"&5"3%(-+-%o" &E):=’ 0" 0) 3 G# % &+-" &)"C)%&-0+,0"2/)
transactions within the scope of the consolidation process is ensured.
Group-wide accounting guidelines form the basis for the preparation
of the statutory financial statements of the parent company and of the)
subsidiaries, which are reported to Group Accounting; the guidelines
are adapted in a timely manner to reflect changes in the financial
regulatory environment and are updated in accordance with internal
0°/"0-%&,) 0’ G2%0'# &-5E)M"0)5/’ >%+3) %552’54)52>=) +5)-=")+>>"2&-%&,)
treatment of intangible assets within the scope of company acquisil

$I" #S % VGN" )*+*1,(-1. $$ %&'/()’ )#*

139

applied. Both ensure that accounting complies with 9M.F5)29&-’0&+1
tional Financial Reporting Standards) and with the Group accounting
2% 3%E&’5E

KO0"2/) <>>"2&-%&,)/0"D%(’5) 52//"0-) =") -=”) 3">43) >"&-+>-5) +&()
*&520°5)+)>"&5%5-’ &-36)=%,=)G2+3%-6)"C)0'/"0-%&,)-=0"2,="2-}-=")’ &-%0")
0°/"0-%&,)/0">’55E

For Group financial reporting purposes, most of our subsidiaries
25’)5-+&(+0() F<O software. Consolidation software from F<O )%5)+35")
25° ()C"0)-=’) 3 %H#% &+-Jo" &)"C)%o&-0-+,0"2/)-04+&5+>-%o" &5E)<)?-+%3? (H42-="" 1
rization concept ensures the separation of duties with respect to both
single-entity reporting and the consolidated financial statements. In
10% &>%I3° 4)-= )+>>"2&-% 8,0" >?55)%5)(75%,8 (-" &520’ )-=+-)+33)28%-5)
%&D"3D’ ()-+(=’0")-")-=’ 0% &>%/3° )"C)(243)>"&-0"3E

The effectiveness of Merck’s internal control system with regard
to accounting and the compliance with financial reporting by the
individual companies is confirmed by both the local managing direc!
tor and the local chief financial officer when they sign the single-en1
-Jo-6)0’ "0-Jo&.,E)M"0)-=" )+>>"2&-%&,)-0 +-# &-)"C)$434&>’)5="?-)%-#54)
Group Accounting closely cooperates with Group Risk Management
Jo8&)"0(?0)=") >"00" >-36) /0°5? &-) /"~’ &-Jo43) $4+3+&>’)5="’-) O%SISE) <33)-=")
structures and processes described are subject to regular review by
KO0"2/)98~’ 08+3)<2(%-Fo&,)S+5’ ("84+ & 4+ &&243H-2( Jo-/3+8)5’ -)"2-)$6)-=")
Executive Board. The results of these audits are dealt with by the
TN’ >2-%D" )8"+0(4)-= F2/’ 0D%5"06)8" +0()+&()-=" M% &+&>’)!"##%--”E)
The internal control system at Merck makes it possible to lower the
risk of material misstatements in accounting to a minimum. However,
&")Fo8e~’ 08 +3)>"&-0"3)565-'#)P)O’ ,+0(355)'"C)%-5)(?5%,&)P)>+&) &-%0’ 36)023’)
"2--)+)0? 5%(2+3)0%S5IE

B/*)(#**C&#7, #-!8&)*+*!,(-!
Yo$S$%o &’ I)’ )#*

0.A414DEA!E3F!"5=2AE1."@!"4676!E3F!

100."12341456

As a global company, we face political and regulatory changes in a
340,’ )&2#$’0)"C)>"2&-0%5)+& (#401 -5E

Risk of more restrictive regulatory requirements regarding

drug pricing and reimbursement

In the Healthcare business sector, the known trend towards increas!
Jo8.,36)0 5-0%>-%D” 0’ G2%0'#’ &-5)%&)-’ #5)" C02, VO%> %&,4O’ MH#S205'H# &- )
+&()’N/+&5%"&)"C)=%,=10’ $-+-’) 0"2/5) %5) >"&-Go&2%&,E) :=5°)0’'G2%0" 1
ments can negatively influence the profitability of our products, also
through market referencing between countries, and jeopardize the

-J%o" 85)" OV & 5%" 8)" $3%,+-To" & 54) N-’08&+3)' N/’0-5)}40° +((%-%" &4+336)%&D" 3D" () 52>>°55)'CHHOL’ -)3+2&>=" 5E)M"0°5’?+$3°)'CC’>-5)H0" 4D &)M&-" >>" )

where necessary.

=") 8 TD %o(2+3) >"#/+& M5) =+D’) +) 3">+3) %&-’0&+3) >"&-0"3) 565-HE)

Where financial processes are handled by a Shared Service Center,
-=’)%o&~’0&+3)>"&-0"3)565-'#)"C)-=’ F=+0’ OF’ 0D%>’)! &-"0)%5)+((Jo-Jo"&4336)

+5)C+0-5)/"55%$3 \%8&-=’ $25 %E&’55)5’>-"0LSV3+85E)!3"5’)>"H4}2&Go>+-o"&)
with health and regulatory authorities serves as a preventive measure)
-")+D’0-)0%5I5E)
W#$% &? *+&+, # &-)./"0-

140

7 #4+-%&To&,)0%121)$? 8" &()-4’ 6300? &-)/5-+& 1)0? 135-%&,);0"#)0’ 1-0%6-%7’)
regulatory requirements are classified as a medium risk owing to the
1"11%$5’ )60%-%6+5)"0)/+0-58)/0"$-+$5° )+& ()#"( O+-’ )&’ +-%T ) WoHt/4+6-9

Risk of stricter regulations for the manufacturing, testing and

marketing of products

Likewise, in our Life Science and Performance Materials business
sectors, we must adhere to a multitude of regulatory specifications
0° +0(%&,)-4’ )#4-8&3:4+.6-30%&,<)~ 1-%o&,)+&()#+-02’ -%&,)";)#+&8)";)"30)
products. Specifically in the European Union, we are subject to the
European chemicals regulation REACH9)O-)(?#+&(1)6"#/0’4’ &1%7’)
-"1-1)3"0)64'#%645)/0"(36-19)*"0""7’0s)-4°)31’)";)64°#%6451) %&)/0"
(36-%" &)6"35()$’)0” 1-0%6-’ (<)?4%64)?"35()#+2’ )%-) ZH!" 11%$5’)-")6" & =
- Jo 83°) #+ &3;+6-30%&,) 6’ 0-+%&) /0" (36-19) :’) +0’) 6"&1-+&-58)/3013%&,)

0° 1°+064) +&()7775'"/# &-) %&) 13$1-+&6’) 644+0+6-’ 0%B+-%" &) +&() -4’)
1"11%$5°)13$1-%-3-%" &)";}60%-Jo6-+5)13$ 1-+&6’ 1)L")+1}-")0’ (36’)-4’)"6630 =
rence of this risk, and therefore view it as unlikely. Nevertheless, it
is classified as a medium risk given its critical negative impact on the
net assets, financial position and results of operations.

Risk of negative political and macroeconomic developments

@4’) 1-+$%5%B+-%" &)";)/"5%-%6+5)181-' #1) Y+1);"0)’ >+4/5’ )%&) @302’8)"0)
the Middle East), the possible establishment of trade barriers, sanc=
-Jo" &1)+&();"0’ %,&) >644&,’\/"5%68)64+&,’ 1)6+&)5’+0-")C 65 %&’ 1) %&)

$I" #$ % BVM (N")*+*1,(-1. $$ URC)’ )#*

registered via the United Kingdom; changes to supply routes and the
15+ 8&8’ ()$3%5(=3/)"3) %&T &-"0% 1)"3)60%-%6+5)/0"(36-1<)24%64)-+0’) +51")
designed to cushion the risk of delays in cross-border traffic, which
is difficult to predict.

@4’) &’-)0%12)";) & +-%T’)/"5Fo-%o6+5) + &() #460" 6"S"#HG)NC TS") =
# &-1)%1)1? &)+ 1" 11%$5" 4-84-4160 %-%6+5)&’ +-%T 33’ 6-1)"&)-4’)&’-)
assets, financial position and results of operations. We thus rate this
+1)+)#’ (%3#)0%129

67"5:5!"3454!78 @!.<<.";>83;3:4

2 )6"H? -7)2%-4)8 3H 0"3 1)6"#/4+- 8%? 1) %o&)-4’ V4+0#+6" 3-%6+5<)64’ # =
Jo6+5)+8&()5%;’) 16%’ &6’) 1’6-"019).% 1 %&, )6"#1 -Yo-%T’ 10” 1130? )6+&)4+7’)
a significant impact on the quantities that can be sold and prices
+--+ %&4$5°);"0)"30)/0" (36-19

Opportunities due to new technologies in the manufacturing

of displays

PY1?)"1"0-3& %-%o’ 1) %o&)-4’ )#’ (To3#=)-")5"&,=-’ O#)/"11%$%5%-%’ 1)";)
significant market growth of OLED}//5%6+-%"&1)%&A%,4=\3+5%-8\ % 1/548)
+//5%6+-%"&19):’)+0’ )$3%5(%o&,)"&)#"0’)-4+&)-’ &)8’+01)"5)’>/’0%’ &6’)
To&)#+&3;+6-30%&,) "0,+&%6)5%,4-='#%--%&,) (%'"(’) OLED) materials as
°55)+1)+) 1-0"&,)/"0-3"5%")"3) 2"05(2%()/+-’ &-1) %&)"0(70)-")C77'5"/)

35-0+/30" )+&()’>-0’ #58) 1-+$5’ )#+-0%+5 1)-4+-)+0’)/0’6% 158)-+%5"0" ()

-")631-"# 0)0'\3%0°#’ &-19) @4’)C7’S"/# &-)%&)-4’) OLED)#+02’-)%1)

1457 1)%&)6’0-+%&)6"3&-0%’ 1)+&()0’ ,%"&19) @4’ 1’)0%121)+0")-+2’&)%&-") being driven by the diversification of applications for OLED)(%1/5+819)

+66"3&-) +1) +0) +1)/"11%$5") %&)-4’)$31%&’ 11)/5+&1)";)-4’) 437° 6-0)
6"3&-0%’ 1) +8&()0? ,%o" & 1) +&()#%-%,+-’ ()-40"3,4)/0"(36-<) %&(31-08)+&()
regional diversification.

R"~ &-%+5)8&’ +-%T’ #+60"" 6" &"#%6)777 5S" &-1<)s"0) >+4/5’)%&)

PO,’ &-%8&+<)6+&)+5 1") %t#/+6-)"30)$3 1 8’ 119) @" #% & Yo# WB’ )-4’ 1 )%oH#/4+-6-1<)
6°00 1/" &(%&, }#’ +130’ 1)/’ 0-+%& %&,)-")-4’)1 +5’ 1)1-04-’,8)4+7’)$?’ &)
Jo& %o-%o+-’ ()Fo8&)-4’ 1”)6"3.8-0%’ 19)

The United Kingdom's intended exit from the European Union
(“Brexit”) gives rise to risks for our existing business in that country
YIMLNQ)1+5’1)";)GQZKZ)#%55 %" &<)L<[[L)’#/5"8"’ 1)+&()H)/0"(36-%"&)
sites), including the devaluation of the pound sterling, a weakening
of the United Kingdom’s economy, regulatory changes, the creation
"')-0+(°)$+00%’ 01) 1364)-+1)-+0%331)+1)?’55)+1<)/+0-%635+058) %&)-4’)’7’ &-)
of a Brexit without a transition phase (“hard Brexit”), operational
0% 121)(3’)-"<);"O) >+#/5°<)75+8 1)%&)-4’)13//58)644+% &)-4+-)6"35()4+7’)
an impact on our profitability. To analyze these risks and in order to
6"38&-’046-)-4’#)’+058)%&)+)-+0,’~ (H#+&&’05)2’)’ 1-+$5% 14’ ()D0"3/= )
Jo&e~’ 0&+5)2"02% &,),0"3/1)-4-+-)6"& 1% 0’ ()7+0%"3 1) 16? &+0%" 1<)%&653(%&,)
the possibility of a “hard Brexit”. Mitigation measures exist for these
16’ &+0%"1<)?4%64)14+55)’ & 130’ )#+02’ -)+66’ 1 1)+&()-4’)1-+$%5%-8)";)-4’)
13//58)64+%&)%o&)-4’ )$’ 1-Y/"11%$5°)?4+89)@4? 84-5 1")%&653(’ <);""0)’ >+#/5"<)
+)05"6+-%"&)"3)-4 #402’ -%&, 43-4" 0%B+-%" &)4"5(0);"0)(03, 1)6300’ &-58)

OLED)-’64&"5",8)% 1)+&)’ 1-+$5% 14? ()+5-’08&-4-%7)-") C!T 1)%&)1#+55=+0'+)
(%1/5+81<);"0)%8& 1-+8&6’ )1#+0-/4"& 19)X"27'05)"2%&, =" 648"5", %o6+5)
+(74+&6° 1<) OLED)-’64&"5",8)%1)$’ %&,)31() %&)#"0’)+&()#'"0")540,"=
+0° +) (% 1/5+81<) 1364) +1)-’5°7% 1%" & 19) O&)-4’) 33-30°<) OLED)-'64&"5",8)
6"35() +51") -04+& 1;"0#) 6’ %5%&,1)"0) 24551) %8&) $3%5(Go8&,1) %o&-") Jo&;" O#+-%o" &)
$"+0(19)O&)"0(’0)-")0’+5%B’) 1364);3-30") +//5%6+-%"&1<)*062)%INC 75 =
oping highly efficient OLED)#+-’0%+51) $0+&(’()C%7%53> ) ;"0)7+633#)
°T+1"0+-%"&) -'648"5",8)"0)/0% &-Fo&,)/0"6’ 11° 19)P-)-4”)$” ,%&&%&,)":)
-4’)1°6"&() \3+0-0)";) IML*<)-4”)X8/’0 OLED)/0"A’6-) 1-+0-"()?%-4%&)
the scope of the Horizon 2020 initiative, an EU-funded program. As
/+0-)";)-4%1)/0"A’6-<)-",’-4’0) 2%-4) ;"30)"-4’0)/-+0-8&’ 01<) 2”) 2%55)$’)
developing high-performance, hyperfluorescence OLED1);"0)(%1/5+8)
+8 ()5%,4-%o&,)+//5 Jo6+-To" &1)"7'0)-4) &’ >-)-40"’)8+019

F30-4’ 0#"0’ <) %&) IMLN) *’062) "/’ &’() %-1) &’?) OLED) @'64&"5",8)
Center China in Shanghai. The new technology center will make tailored)
1"53-%" &1):"O-4 C7 S"AP &-)"\%o8&"T4-%T) OLED H//5%6+-%" &1)+7+%5+$5° )
-")5"6+5)63 1-"#019)O-)"s;O1)L-+-="=-4’=+0-) 13 %o/#’ 8-865’ +80" # )
Be1-+55+-%" &1):"0+-4’ VO" (36-%" &)+-& (6440+ 6-’0%B+-%" &)":) OLED )6"& 1-036 =
-Jo"& 5’ # &-19) @4’) 1%-") 2?%55) 1°07%6’) +1) 7’ &3’) ;"0) -4’) 6"55+$"0+-%"&)
$°-2” &)*°062)+8&()%-1)631-"#’01)-")’ &+$5")-4’JA"%&-)775"/# &-)
"3) %(?+5)1"53-%"&1);"OMLED)(%1/5+8)/0"(36-19
W"#$% & (*+&+, # &-)./"0- $I" #S % RP NG(N")*+*1,(-1. $$ %&'/()’ )H*

Opportunities due to new application possibilities

for liquid crystals

”)4+0°)/3013%&,)+)1-0+-’,8)";)5°7’0+,%&,)"30)’ >/’0-%1?)+1)-4’),5"$+5)

market leader in liquid crystals in order to develop new fields of
+115 %o6+-To" &)3"0) Vo 8.8." 14-%T’ )5I\3F0()6081-+5)-648"5",%0? 19)F"0)%o& 1-+8&6"<)?”)
+0°)/0 11% &,) +4’ +()-")6+/-30")-4’) 3-30” )#+02’ -1);"0)5%\3%()6081-+5)
2%&("21)Y C!: s) and mobile antennas. Thanks to licrivision™ tech=
&"5",8<) Cl: 1)60’+-’)&??)4+064.%-6-30+45)/" 11 %$%5%-%’ 19) @40"3,4)6" &-% ke
3"3158)74+0%+$5’)$0%,4-&’ 11)6"&-0"5<)-4’8)6+&);"0)’ >+4/5’) %&60" +1’)+)
building’s energy efficiency. Moreover, the dynamic solar shading
product eyrise™ s350 launched in the EU and North America allows
1"5+0)14+(%&,)-")$’ HFE+,’()24%5)-4) 2% Be("2 10" H#4+-%o&)-O+& 1/40" &-)
+&()6"5"0=&’ 3-0459)J3’"),0" 2% &, CP #+&();"O8&+#%6),5+11<)?’)1’’)

great potential for the new eyrise™ product brand. Antennas that
6+&)0° 6’ %T’ 1%, &+51)-0+& 1#%— ()&)-4’)4%,4);0'\3’ &68)0+&,’)6+&)+5 1")
$°)0°+5%B’ ()2%-4)-4’)+%()")6" 00" 1/" &( Go&,)57\3 %o()608 1 -+5)#%>-30" 19)P 1)

a result, mobile data exchange could improve significantly in a wide
variety of fields of application. Since novel liquid crystal materials for
+&~’ &&+1)+0?)6300’ &-58)$? %&, 775"? (<)-4’ #402’ -)5-+3&64)"3)5%\3%()

608 1-+5)+&-’ & &-+1)6"35()-+2’)+);’2)8’+019)

Opportunities in the semiconductor industry

We see huge opportunities with our innovative Directed Self Assembly)

YDSA))technique for advanced lithography processing in Semicon=

ductor Solutions. As semiconductor manufacturers continue to advance)

-4’%0)(°7%6")-’ 64&"5",J0 1<)-4’) Wott,’ )/0"6" 11% &,)1-’/1)+0")$’6"#%&,)

more complex and significantly more costly to enable device perfor=

#4+.&6°9)_30)&"7’5) DSA)/5+-;"0#)+8&()0°6’ &-)#+-’0%+5)+(7486'# &-1)

* &4$5")%H#/0"7’ (\C7%6’ /’ 0;" O#+86’ + &()0’ (36’)-4’)6"1-)";)"2&’0

14%/)¥___) to the customer. This has resulted in Merck securing a

5°+(%&,)/"1%-%" &)+1)RO"6711)";).6"00Y R_. ) with several key semi=

6" &(36-"0)63 1-"#019)P("/-Jo" &)";)-4% 1)( Jo 103/-%T’ )5%-A" 0+/48V5+-;"0#)

%1Y >I’ 6 (-")6"#/5°-58)644+-&,’)4"2)1'#%6" &(36-"O}H4-&3:4.6-30%&,)

% 1) 6" &(36-’()+&()6"35() 5° +()-") +) #402’ -) 5’+(°014.%/)/"1%-%" &) ;"0)

+(7+8&6" ()5%-4" 0+/48)"7°0)-4’)&’ >-);’2)8’+019
2)40°)7775'"'/%&,) &’ 2) (Jo 5’ 6-0%6)/5-+-;"O#1) %&)6""/’ 0+-%" &) 2%-4)

"30) 28) 631-"#01);"0) KJ) NAND) +//5%6+-%" & 19) @4’0’) 441) $"’ &) +)

644+&,”)%&)KJ) NAND)(’7%6 )+064%-’ 6-30’) +&()1"#’)";)"30)631-"#01)

are moving from floating gate to replacement gate. We are currently

2"02%&,)?%-4)-4" 1°)63 1-"#? 01)" &)-4 )&’ 2)? 7%6’)+-064.%-’ 6-30’ <)?4%64)

%1)’>16-’ (-")$")%&-0"(36’ ()+-&()O+4H/’ ()3/)%&)IML‘)+-&()$’ 8" &(9

Opportunities from new active ingredients for cosmetics

O&)-4’)6300" &-)0’/"0-% &,)8’ +0<)*’062)4+ 1)18 1 #+-%6+558V/3 14 (+4’+()
29-4) -4’)?>/4+81%" &)":) %o-1) 0” 1°+064) "&) 6" 1? -%6) 0+?) #4+-0%+5 1) +&()
13//5%’ 1)+66"0(%&,)-")-4’ 0% &6%/5° 1)"; \/44+0#+6'3-%6+5)(03,)C7°5"/

# &-9) @4’) 18&’0,%’ 1) 0" #) -4’)2&"25’(,’) +&() -’64.8&"5",8)-04+& 1;’0)

from the Healthcare and Life Science Group areas have substantially
improved the development times and efficiencies of new active ingre=
(%’ &-1);"0) 6" 1#-%619) @+2’ &)-",’-4’0) 2%-4)-4’)’ 1-+$5% 144’ &-)";)
+(74+&6’ (KJ) 12% &)#"(?51<)-4% 1)0" 135-1) %&)+)O+&,’)";)/0"#% 1 Yo&, )&’ 2)

6" L#?-%6)0-4+2)#+-’0%+51)-4+-)+0’)(3’)-")$’ )5+3864 ’()"7’0)-4’)6"#%&,)

\3+0-’019

141

R+0-&’014%/1) 2%-4) 5° +(%&,)/0"7% 01) :0"#) 0" 2-4) #4+-.02’-1) $°8"&()
Europe and North America increasingly play an important role when
Jo-) 6"# 1) -") 6" HF 06%+5%B %&,) -4’ 1’) /0"(36-1<) 24%64) +0") ";;'0"() ;"0)
"1 To IB’ (j++, # &-)"3-4’ + & 8% &,)"0)24Fo~’ & Io&,)")-4)12%8&<)HH#"&,)
".4°0)-4%&,19)

P&"-4’0) ,0"2-4) (0%7’0) %1)-4) 0" 2% &,) C#+8&() ;"0) 131-+%&+$58)
10" (36’(6" 1#’ -%6)0+2)H#+-’0%+51)-4-+-)H#’-}-4’)13$.1-+8&-%+558)%&60' +1 ( )
0” ,35+-"08)0°\3%0'#" &-1)"&)-4’ )#+% & )H#+02’-19)*? 062) "663 /%’ 1)+)
leading role in this field and is therefore increasingly used as a pre=
300° ()13//5%’)

Opportunities from leveraging the e-commerce

and distribution platform

With the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in 2015, we gained access to the)
5°+(%o&,)5%;’ 16%’ &6") =O" 06’ V/5-+-;"0#9)_30)631-"#’01)+0")+50’+(8)
benefiting from a portfolio of more than 300,000 products, including
4% ,458) 0" 1/°6-’() $0+&(1) (%1-0%$3-’ () 7%+)-4% 1)’ =6" HH" 06") /5+-;"0#9)
2°) +0”) :30-4’0) ?>/+8&(%&,) -4%1) /5+-;"0#) %&) "0(70) -") 6" &-%&3"3158)
Jo8&60" +1’)-4’)&3#$’ 0)"; 0" (36-1)+7+I05+$5’)" &)%-9)*+2% &,)"O? OME,
611° 1):+1-'0)+&()#"0°)6"&7’ & %’ &-) 30) "30) 631-"#'01) +&() "37 0%&,)
13//"0-)-40"3,4)%&(%7%(3+5%B’ ()/0"(36-)0’ 6" HH &(+-%" & 1)6"350)5’+()
-")4% ,4’0)145° 1)7"53# 1)+8()’ &+$5’ 3 1)-")2%8&)&’ 63 1-"# O19)!"&V?

\3’ &-58<) -4% 1) (%1-0%$3-Jo" &) 6448 &’ 5) 6"35()5°-+() =") +&) +$"7 =+7 04,”)
C75" &-)"3)145° 1) %8&)-4 )# (%o3H#)~’ OHO

yo" =

Risks due to increased competition and

customer technology changes

O&)-4’)X?+5-46-+0’)$3 1 %&’ 11)1°6-"0K)$"-4)"30)$%"/440#+6°3-%6+5 V0" (36-1 )
+8()65+11%64+0#4-6°3-%6+5)$31%&’ 1140’) >/"V? O-")%&60" +1 06" #/”
-%-%" rom rival products (in the form of biosimilars and generics).
In the Life Science and Performance Materials business sectors, risks
are posed by not only cyclical business fluctuations but also changes
Jo&)-4’)-64.8"5",%’ 1)31’()"0)631-"#’0)1"306% &,)1-O0+-’ ,%’ 1</-+0-%635+058)
2%-4)0’ 1/’6-)-")5%\3%()6081-+519):’)31°)65"1")631-"#’0)0°5+-%" &14%/1)
+&()%&=4"31’):30-4’0) (777 5"? &-1) +1) 2°55) +1) #402’ -)/0"> %#%-8<)
J%o&653(To&,)/0’ 6% 1’ )H#+02’ -)+&-+58 1? 1<)+1)#%-%,-+-Jo&, #’ +130’ 19)_7°0+55<)
"2% 8&,)-")Jo-1)1"11%$5’ "66300 &6’)?%-4)+)60%-%6+5)&’ +-%oT’) ot! +6-<)-4’)
market risk is classified as a medium risk.

Opportunities o!ered by digitalization and activities
to boost innovative strength
J%,%o-+5) 648"5",%’ PHO” )$’ 6" #% 8, )%o 860" +1 %&,58)GH#/"0-+&-);"0)" 304-0
2’-1)+&()"30)?"05()"3)2"029)@4’0"3"0" <)%&)IMLHX<)? 54+ 3&64’ ()1-0+-” ,%6 )
digital initiatives geared to improving the efficiency of our internal
10"6’ 11? 1)+&()-")'7453+-%&,)-4’) "/"0-3& %-%’ 1)":) (Jo, Jo-+5 JoB+-Jo" &) 2%-A)
0’ ,+0()-")"30)/0" (36-1)+8&()631-"# 019)O&)+((%-%" &)-")6"55+$"0+-%"&1)
2%-AY > 0&+5/+0-8& OL") >/4+.&()'=4’ +5-4)1"53-%"&1)s" OV +-%’ &-1<)1364)
as our MSdialog platform, the Accelerator program, which is being
(0%7’ &)$8)"30)O& &"7+-To" &)! 8-05) %1)" &’ JO" HI" Be? &-)"3)"30) Fo 88" 7+-To" &)
1-0+-’,89)

O&)-4°)X’+5-46+0’)$31 %&? 11)16-"05)% & IMLN)*062)1%,&’ (+&4-,0”"
# &-);"0)4)1-0+-’,%6)6"55-+$"0+-%" &)?%-4)4%&’ VY" &5I&’ H"H#/+ &8)PSW$+$-+)
X?+5-4<)?4%64)%1H+6-%T7 )IE-A’ 4’ +5-46+0’ 1 6-"D)@4’)6"55+$"0+-%"& )1’721)
W#$% &? *+&+, # &-)./"0-

142

-")%H/0"7’ +66’ 11)-")4’+5-46-+40")1’07%6’ 1);"OV+-% Be-1)+&()-4’ M0); +#%5% 1 )
Jo8&)!4%&+9) @4’ "85 %&’ )l"0-+5) 2299; 0-5 %o-896"#) +1) 5+3&64’ () %&)a3&’)
IMLN9)O-)6"#/0% 1’ 1)+)/"0-+5);"0)/48 1%6%+& 1)+&()"&’);"0)/+-%’ &-19)@4% 1)
/5+-;"0#)+55"21)/+-%’ &-1)+8()/481%6%+&1)-")+66' 11) %&;"O#+-%"&)-4’8)
0°\3%0") ;0"#) +& 874’ 0) +-) +&8) -Jo#’9) :?) +51") %&-0"(36'()-2") &’2)
technologies to increase efficiency in reproductive laboratories. QBOX)
OWF'/-%#%B’ 1)-4’)(+-+)-0+& 1;’0)$’-2”’ &)5+$"0+4-"08)% & 1-03# &-1)+&()
systems for electronic patient files, while Geri! )P11’11)I9M)%&-0"(36’ 1)
the automatic identification of major development steps of embryos
and blastocysts, thereby increasing evaluation efficiency. Merck
> &0"() %&-")+)/+0-&’ 014%) 2%-4)* (Jol +3’ <) +) 1-+0-=3/) $41) S&)-4’)
United States. Together the companies aim to help cardiometabolic
14-0’ &-1)$° -~ O)#+& +,’ )# (Fo6+-To" &) To&-+2’ )+&()+(4’0")-")/0" 160%$’ ()
-0° +-# &-)0° , WH’ & 19) O&)-4’)6"3&-0%’ 1)";) 16"/’ <)*° 062) /4+-%’ &-1) 2%55)
4+7’)+66’ 11)-")+)631-"#%B’ ()7’01%" &)";)* (Jol +;’b1)#"$%5’)/5+-3"0#)
-4+-)6"35()6"#$%&’ 0’ #%&( 01 <)#"-%7+-%o" &)+&()13//"0-)181-#1<)-+0 =
3 ()6"&~’ &-<)6"3/"& 1)+&()%&-’ 07’ &-Jo" & 1) %&)-4’ %0)5"6+5)5+&,3+,'9

In November 2018, our Life Science business sector launched its
new BioContinuum™ platform to optimize biotherapeutic drug manu=
;+6-30%&, through improved efficiency, simplified plant operations,
+&(),0’ +-’0)\345 %-8)+&()6"& 1% 1~’ &689) @4% 1) &? I<) +(4/-%T )/5+-;"0#)")
10" (36-1<) +//5%6+-%" &1)+8()’>/°0-%1’) 2%55)+55"2) 631-"#'01)-")$0%&,)
30,’ &-58)&’?(°()-4’0+/%’ 1)-")/4-Jo’ &-1<) + 1-0) +&() #0’) 6" 1-=' 376 =
-%T’58)-4+&) 7 0)$? 30? <)+&()0°/0" 1’ &-1)-4')&?>-)C7 5S" &-)1-’/)
Jo&)-4’ )$%" /4+0#4-6'3-%6+5)1°6-"D)

In 2018, we expanded our competencies with a PMatX incubator
0) °5°6-0"& %61)";)-4’) &’>-),’&’ 0+-%" &) %&) O10+'5) %&)-4’) R’0;"O#+&6’)
*4-"0)%+51)+0' +9)

Opportunities provided by the CRISPR_ technology
@4’) CRISPR)-’64.8&"5",8)%1)31’() %&),’ &"#’)’ (Jo-%8&,9) O&) IMLN<)*062)
24-1)42400 (17 045)/4-’ &-1);"0)-4% 19) F3 & (+4 &-+5) CRISPR)/+-’&-1)
exist in Australia, China, Europe, Israel, Canada, Singapore and
South Korea.

@4’)CRISPR}’64&"5",%’ 1)" &)3/ VO" #% 1 %&, )&? PHT’ &3’ 1);"OHF ( =
ical research and the treatment of some of the most difficult diseases
-")-0 +-<)1364)+1)6+8&6’0)+1)2’55)+1)4’ 0’ (%-+08)+&()0+0 )(%1?+1719

Opportunities o!ered by customer proximity
In June 2018, Merck opened North America’s first BioReliance! End-
to-End Biodevelopment Center for drug manufacturers in Burlington,
*41146431--19) @4”)6’ &-"0)/0"7% 1)/0+6-%6-+5)’>/’0%’ &6’)+&()"3201)
*>10-)+(7%6’) ;"0)’ +64) 1-+,”)"3) $%"~ 64.8"5", F645) (777 5"? &-) +&()
#+&3;+6-30'°9

@A’ H+ &3;-+6-30" )"3)$%"/44 0H4-6°3-%6+51<)"0)$%"#+&3:46-30%&,<)%1)
+),0"'2% &,)%o&(3.1-08)-4+-)% 1)% &60" +1 %&,58);"63 1’ ()"&)"/- HMB’ (VO"(36 =

$I" #$ % BVM (N")*+*1,(-1. $$ URC)’ )#*

-Jo" &)+8e(A% AN3+5%-89)X"2'7'05)-4’ X03,)C 75" P &-0"6’ LL) Jo\)5"&,)
and complex, and requires biotech companies to make significant)
financial investments.

@4’) &’ 2) 6’ &-'0) %1) "&’)";)-40"’) 2"05(2%(’) 13//"0-%&,) *’062b1)
$%"~’ 64) /+0-8&’01) %&)(?7'5"/%&,)-4’ %0) /0"6’ 11? 1) 0" #) +058) 65% &%6+5)
1-+,'1)-")6"#¥ 06%+5%B+-%" &)$8)/0"7%(%&,)’ &(=-"=" &()1"53-%"&19

Other centers are in Martillac (France) and Shanghai (China).

O&)_6-"$’ O)IMLN<)*’062)'"7’ & (H#+&"-4’0)1-4-="=-4’=40-)63 1-"#0 )
collaboration center (M Lab™ Collaboration Center) in Sao Paulo,
Brazil. The center includes non-D*R )/%5"-)+&()$’ &64) 16+5’)5+$1);"0)
631-"# O1)-"Y &, +,’ )%E&VO"G LCT S" AP &-)13//"0-<)-0"3$5’ 14" =
Jo8.,)+8()4+8(1="&)-04+% & Yo &,9)O-)% 1)"&’ )";)&Jo&’ )1364)6’ &-’01)+0"3&()-4’)
2"05(<)’+64)"3)274%64)4+55"2 1/44 0#-+6" 3-%6+5)#+&3;+6-30'01)-")>/5"0’)
&’2)2481)-")%&60' +1’)/0"(36-%7%-8<) %H#/0"7’ )/0"6 11? 1) +8e()#%-%,+-’)
risks. Other M Lab™ Collaboration Center locations include China,
Singapore, Japan, South Korea, India, France and the United States.

"3454178 @!.<<.";>83;3:4!.A!":4:7"=B! !
78@! @:C:D.<6:8;!
F"0)31<)%8&8&"74+-%" &)%o1 + HHA "OY 5°# &-)";)-4’)D0"3/)1-0+-’ 89). 1’ +064)
+&()(7 775"? &-/0" A’ 6-1)6+&)’ >/’ 0%’ &6’)\(?54+81<)’ >/’6-’ ()$3(,-1)
6+&)$’)’ >6"?(°()"0)-+0,’-1)6+&)0°#4+% &)3&#’-9).”1°+064)4& (775 =
"AP 8-16-67 %-M’ 14-0 )":)1/ 6% +5) JoH#!"0-+86’ +") )X?+5-46+0’)$31% 8’ 11 )
1°6-")O&)-4’)}6"301’)";)/"0-;"5 9" HH 8+, # &-<)?’ )0’ 354058)’ 74+53+-’)
+8(<)%;)&’6’ 11+408<)0";"631)0 1’+064)+0"+ 1)+8&()+55). EJ %/’5%&’ VO"'A’ 6-19)
P55%+8&6' 1)2%-4) >-’ 08&-+5V+0-&’01)+&()-4’)"3-5%6’ &1%&,)";/O""O+#1 +51")
form part of the catalog of measures for the efficient allocation of
0° 1"306" 19)@4’ 6" &653 1%" & +86" &-JWo&3+-Jo" &)"3)-4’ V V+0-&’014%/1 +8)
>0&+5%B+-Jo" & 1 V5+8)+&) Tot!" 0-+8-)0"5’ 9)P)(?7 Fo+-Jo" 8); 0-4 )1-0+-",%6)
targets defined in this area could have a critical negative impact on ne-)
assets, financial position and results of operations. The occurrence ";)
+)0% 12)";}-4% L)#-+, & %o-3(’ )% 16" & 1 %(?0" (3&5 %2’ 58<)?4% 64’ +& 1)-44+-}-4% 1)
Jo1)+)#’ (%3#)0%129

Special mention should be made of the strategic alliance formed
in 2014 between our company and Pfizer Inc. as a research and
CTS" &-)"11"0-38 %o-8) Jo&)-4’ )X’ +5-46+0’ )$3 1 %&’ 11) 16-"):)6"= )
developed Bavencio! with Pfizer. Following its approval for the treat=
# &-)":)/+-%’ &-1) 2% -4) # -+ 1-+-%6) * 02’ 5) 6°55) 6+06%&"#+) +&()5"6+558)
+(7+8&6’()" 0} -+ 1-+-%6)30"-4’ 5 %+5)6+&6’ 0)%& )IML*<)%-)?-+1)8&"-}//0"7' 0)
5"0)+8&8)+((%o-Jo" 8-45) To&(Yo6+-To" & 1)-4% 1)8’ +09)

*+7 &65+( | was approved in 2017 by the European Commission.
It is the first short-course oral treatment approved in Europe for the
-0° +-#? &-)":)0°5+/1%&,)#35-%/5’ 165° 0" 1% 1)%&V+-%’ &-1)?%-4)4%,4)(Jol’ +1’)
activity. In 2018, approvals were also granted in the Middle East and
Africa (United Arab Emirates) and Latin America (Argentina). Looking
"02+0(<)?” }+%#)-")L’?2)4//0"745);"0)* +7’ &65-+( | in the United States.
W"#$% & (*+&+, # &-)./"0- $I" #S % RP NG(N")*+*1,(-1. $$ %&'/()’ )H*

O&)+((%-%" &)-" #402? -% 8, +50’ +(8}4//0"7' (#6 ME’ 1<)P 40’ V314%&,)
+4°+()2%-4)0’ 1’+064)/0"A’ 6-1) %&)"-4’0) %#t/"0-+8&-)-4’ 0+/"3-%6)+0’+19)
@4’)/"0-3"5%")":) 10" A’ 6-1) Jo1)°74534-’()"&) +) ,35+0)$4+1%19) @4% 1) #48)

143

"3454!78 @!.<<.";>83;3:4!":D7;: @!;.!;B:!E>7D3;?!
78 @!7C73D7F3D3;7!.A!<".@>=;4

4+51")5?+0-")%&5%6’ & 1 %&,)"0)"3-5%6’ & 1 %&,)"0);30-4’ 0) 1-04-’ ,%6)+55%+&6’ 19 Risk of a temporary ban on products/production facilities or

F"0)’>+#/5’ <) %&)IMLN) +)6"#$% &+-%"&)";) BAVENCIO! (avelumab)
+&() INLYTA! (axitinib) was shown to significantly extend the time to
(%1? +1? /0",0" 11%" &)"0)( +-4) %o&)/-+-M’ &-1)2%-4)3&-0' +-’ (<)+(7+&6' ()

0” &+5)6’55)6+06%&"#+<)+66"0(%&,)-")-4’)0? 135-1)";)+)R4+1’)
Based on the results, Merck and Pfizer are planning to submit an
application for approval in the United States.

*°962)0’ 6’ 97’ ();+1-=-0+62)( 1% ,8-+-Jo" &);"0)@’/"-To&Jo$)%o&)at!+&9)@4’)
#"5’635°)#+8)4+7’)-4’)/"~ &-%+5) -")-0 +-)/+-%’ &-1) 2%-4) +(7+&6'()
&"&=144-55)6’55)53&,)6+&6’0)YNSCLC) harboring MET) >"&)L[)12%//%&,)
#3-+-%"&19

@4’)’>/ &1’ 1)6300’ &-58)$’ %&,)%&6300' (<)’ 1/6%+558)%&)"30)X’+5-46+0’)
research and development, are already reflected in the current plans.
The same applies to net sales generated by the products Bavencio! )
+8&()*+7’ &65+( } )3"0)4//0"7’ () %&(%6-+-%" & 1) "&)-4’)0"5’7+-&-) #402’ -1<)

as well as to the planned approval of Mavenclad in the United States.
F30-4’0)+//0"7+5 1)#4-8)0’ 135-)%o8&)+&)%&60' +1? (145? 1)/"~’ &-%+59

Risks of discontinuing development projects and

regulatory approval of developed medicines

Sometimes development projects are discontinued after high levels

"3) GBT LAP &-) +-) +) 54-441) "3) 65% & M645) (77 5" &-9) 6% 1%"&1 + YU)

1364)+1)-4"1)0’5+-%8&,)H"-4’)0+& 1 %- Jo" &)-")-4 8? >-)65%&M6+5V/4+1’ UH+0’)

-+2’ &)2%-4)+)7% 2)=")# To & ToH# IB % &, 0% 129):’) +0’ )6300" &-58)&"-)+2+0")":)

any risks beyond general development risks that could significantly

affect the net assets, financial position and results of operations.
F30-4’0#"0"<)-4’0°)%1)-4’)0% 12)-4+-)0’ ,35+-"08)+3-4"0%-%’ 1)’ %-4’0)

(") &"-) 0+&-) "0) 7548) +//0"7+5) "0) 0+&-) "8&58) 0" 1-0%6-’() +//0"7+59)

P((%-%o" &+558<)-4’ 0" )%1)-4’)0%12)-4+-)3&(’ 1%04$5’)1 %(’)’3;'6-1)";)4/440 =

#46°3-96+5)/0"(36-)6"35()0°#4+%&)3&(’~’6-’ ()3&-%5)-+;-’0)-+//0"74+5)"0)

0° ,%1-0-+-%" &<)24%64)6"35()0" 135-) %&)-+)0? 1-0%6-%" &)";) +//0"7+5)"0)2%-4=

(0+2+5);0"#)-4’ HH-02’-9):55=4(7+&6(/0" O-+#1 )%&)" 30%!’ 5% 8’ +8)

-4"1’)"3)"30)/-+0-8&’ O10" 135-)%&"~’ 8 -J+5)&’ I)+//0"745 1c)"&)-4’)"-4’0)

44+8&(<)#% 11% &,)-+0,’-1)%&)-4% 1) +0" +)#4+-8)4+47’ )}60%-%06+5)&’ += IT’) 3; 6-1)

on the financial position and operating result, for example due to

5"20)&’-) 145’ 1)"0)-4) &"&="66300? &6’)";)#%5’ 1-"&’)/+8# &-1);0"#)

6"55+$"0+-%"&)+,0" '#’ &-19)_7°0+55<)-4’ 1’)0%121)+0’)6"& 1%(’0"()-")$”)

# (%3#)0%121<)2%-4)/0"$4+$%5%-%W" 1)0+&, %o&,):0"#)385%2’ 58)-")"11%$5'9)
»))

0.020% +59)

of non-registration of products due to non-compliance with

quality standards

°)+0°)0°\3%0’ ()-")6"#/58) 2%-4)-4’)4%,4’ 1-) 1-+&(+0(1)";)\34+5%-8) %&)

-4? H+ &3:4+6-30%&,)";/4-+0#+6’ 3-%6+5)/0" (36-1) YD" ()*+&3;+6-30%&,)
Practice or official pharmacopoeia). In this regard we are subject to
-4°)13/ 07% 1%" &)":)-4’ 0" ,35-+-"08)+3-4"0%-%? 19)!" Be(Jo- Fo" B 1) WoH#!" 1’ $8)
&+-%o" &45)0’ 35+-"08}3-4"0%-%’ 1)6"35()0? 135-)%&)+’H#/"0+08)$+&)"& VO" =
36-1d/0"(36-%" &);+6%5%-J’ 1<}+-8e("11%$58)43;°6-)&? 2)” ,% 1-0+-Fo"&1)?%-4)-4’ )
0° 1/°6-%T’ }+3-4"0%-89):’ HH+2’)-4’ )3-#" L-Y 3:"0-"Y & 130’ 6"H#/5%+&6")

1% -4)0” 35-+-%" &1<)0" ,35+058)/’0;"0#)"30)"2&)%&~"0&+5) — To&1/°6-%" &1)+&()
+51")6+008)"3-) >-’0&+5}43(%-19)@44&21)-")-4’ 1)\3+5%-8 -)+1130+&6° 0" =
6°11 1<)-4’) "66300 &6’)";) +)0% 12) 2%-4) +) 60%-%6+5) &’+-%T’) To#/+6-) %1)
3&5 %2’58<)4"2"7’0) 6+ &&"-) $”)’ &-%0’ 58) 035°()"3-9) V1’ 8e(To&,) "&)-4’)
10"(36-)6" & 6° 0&’ ()+&()-4’) 17’ 0%-8)";)-4’)" $A’ 6-%" &<)1364)+)0% 12)6+&)

have a moderate negative impact on the net assets, financial /"1%-%"&)
+8&()0"135-1)";)"70-+-%"&19)@4’0’ "0" <)”)0+4-’)-4% 1) +1)-+)# (%03#) 0% 129

Risks of production availability
Further risks include operational failures due to fire or force majeure,
for example natural disasters such as floods or earthquakes, which
6"35()5°+()-") +) 13$ 1-+&-%+5) %o&-’ 003/-%" &) "0) 0 1-0%6-%" &)";) $31 %&? 11)
+6-%T%-Jo 19)O&1";+0)+1)%-)% 1" 11 %$5’ + &()’ 6" 8" #%6+558)7%+$5’ <)-4’ )DO"3/)
5%#%-1) %-1) (+4+,’) 0% 121) 2%-4) %&130+8&6") 6"7’ 0+,’ <)-4’) &+-30") +&()
> &-)"3)74.%64)% 1)6" & 1-+&-58)+(+/-’ ()-")6300" &-)0"\3%0°# &-19)C%2’ =
291? <)?”)+0’)’>/" 1? ()-")0%121)";)/0"(36-%"&)"3-+,’ 1)+&()-4’)0°5+-’()
13//58)$"--5’ &’621)-4+-)6+&)$”)-0%,,’0° () $8)-'64&%6+5)/0"$5°#1) %&)
10" (36-9%" &);+6%5%-%’ 1)?%-4)T’ 08)4 %,4)6+/+6%-8)3-%o5%B+-%" &9)F30-4’ O#"0"<)
-40’)+0°)0% 121)";) 13//58)$"--5? &’621)(3’)-")+)5+62)"0)(% 1+//’ +0+8&6’)
":) 6+/4+6%-89) :?) +0’) 2"02%&,) -") 6" &-%&3"3 158) #%-%,+-”)-4’) 0% 121) $8)
#42%8&,)0? 35-+0)%&T 1-#? &-1<) 1’ --%&,)3/)+5-’ O&+-%T )1"306%&,)"/-Fo" &1)
+8 (#4 % &-+% & To&,) WRT &-"08)5° 7519)

P5-4"3,4)-4)"66300’ &67)";)-4’ 17)0%121)%1)6" & 1%’ 0" ()3&5%2’ 58<)+&)
Jo8e( FT %o(3-+5) T’ &-J6"35( +7’ 4+ )60%-Jo6+5)8&’ +- IT’) 33 6-)"&)-4)&’-) +1 1’-1<)
financial position and results of operations, and they are therefore)
classified as a medium risk.
W#$% &? *+&+, # &-)./"0-

144

Risks of dependency on suppliers
€3+5%-8)6"&-0"51)+5"&,}-4’)’ &-%0" \7+53’ }64+%&)0’(36’)-4’)0% 12 1)0’5+-’()

to product quality and availability. This starts with the qualification
"-"30)13//5%’019)e3+5%-8)6" &-0"5 1)+51")%8&653(’)6"#/0°4’ &1%7’)\3-+5%-8)
requirements for raw materials, purchased semi-finished products
+8 (548-19): 40°77 &? 8-)" 8) Vo8(JoTJo(3-+5)13//5% 01);"0)-+)&3#S’ 0)"; )
precursor products, packaging materials and finished goods. In the
"7 &-)-44-)"& "3-4 1’)13//5%’ 01)630-+%5 1)" 0 % 16" &-%&3’ 10" (36-%" &<)
"0)13//58)%1)(% 103/~(<)-4%1)6"35()/"~’ &-%+558)4+7’ 4+ )60%-Jo6-+5) VoH#/-+6-)"&)
-4’)$3 1% &’ 11)6"& 6’ 0&’ (9):%-4)5" & =~’ Ot) 1-0+-’ ,%6)+55%+&6' 1);"0)/0" =
6301"0)/0"(36-1) 60%-%6+5) -") 13//58) +8&()/0%6’) +1) 2°55) +1) +5-’0&+-%7’)
1"306%&, )1-0+-”,%’ 1<)?’)0’(36’)-4’ VO" $4+$%5%-8)"3)"66300’ &6’)";-4’ 1’)

risks and rate them as unlikely. Overall, these are classified as
# (%3#)0%1219

Product liability risks
!"#/4+&%' 1) %o&) -4’) 64°#%6+5) +&() /44+0#+6’3-%6+5) %&(31-0%’ 1) +0’)

$I" #$ % BVM (N")*+*1,(-1. $$ URC)’ )#*

Opportunities due to an expanding local presence

in high-growth markets

For numerous markets in Asia, the Middle East, Latin America and
P;0%6+<)?)’>/°6-)-44-) %&)-4 )6"#%&,)8’ +01) +55) $31 %&’ 11) 1°6-"01)2%55)

6" &-%&3’)-"H#42’)4$"7 =+7 0+,’ )6" 8-0%$3-%" &1)-"),0"2-49)O&)"0(°0)-" )
:30-4’0)’ >/4+&()-4% L)"~’ 8-Jo+5);"0)"30)$3 1% 8’? 11° 1<)7)4-47° #7’ (1): "0 =
140( )2%-4)1°7°045)%&T’ 1-# &-/0" A’ 6-1)%8&)0" 6’ &-)8’ +01 9)F'"0)% & 1-+&6' <)
Jo &)IMLN)?’)%&7 1-’()+0"3&0G )LH)#%55%" &)%&)!4%&+)-"):30-4’ 0)’ >/+&()
-4?)6+/+6%-8)" + V4+0#46'3-%6+5)#+&3;+6-30% &, );+6%5%-8)}+&()+);30-4'0)

€ 29 million in a manufacturing plant for our Life Science business
1°6-"0D)*"0°"'7'05) 2) +0”) 6" &-%E3%&,)"30)’ &,+,'# &-) Fo&)P:0%6+9) @4’)

40° +-’0)5"6+5)/0" 1’ & 6’) +8&()63 1-"#’0)/0"> %#%-8)6"35(),%7’)31)-+)2’8)

6" HT? -%-FT’Y (,? #&(<)JO&)-4 HP (Jo3#)-")5"&,)-’ O#<)"37 OL-4'"/"0 =
tunity for significant growth in sales and EBITDA)/0’9

"3454178 @!.<<."3>83;3:4!1A".6!;B:!>4:! !
.A!4.=37D!6:@37

*>/"1°()-")10"(36-)5%+$%5%-8)0% 121) % 8) /+0-%635+09)RO"(36-)5%+$I%5%-8)0% 1 DW’ y*”062)6"H/+88)+& ()Vo-1)'H/5"8”" 140” 46-%T’ )"&)&3#’0"31)1"6%45)

64+&)5° +()-")6"& 1%’ 04-5’ )65+-%#1);"0)(+44+,”1<)5"11)";)0°/3-+-%"&)+&()

6" 1-1)-")+7°0-) (HE, 19) 2°) 447’) -+2’ &)"3-)-4’) 5%4$%5%-8) %& 1304+&6")
-4+4-)%1) 1-+8(+0() %&)-4’) Yo&(31-08);"0) 1364)0%1219)X"?’7’ 0k) %-)6"35()$’)
that the insurance coverage available is insufficient for individual
6+1°19)P5-4"3,4)-4)"66300’ &6’)";)/0"(36-)5%+$%05 %-8)65+%#1)%&)’ >6' 11)

")-4)>%1-Jo8,) o8130+86’)6"7’ 04,7) %1)6"&1%(0' ()3&5%2’ 585) %&(%T%o(3+5)

6+1°1)6"35() 1-%55) 447’) +) 60%-%6+5) &’ ,+-%7’) "3; 6-)"&)-4’) &’-) +1 1?-1<)
financial position and results of operations. We therefore rate a
1" &-Jo+5)10" (36-)5%+$%5 %-8)0%12)+1)-+)# (Jo3#)0% 129

Risks due to product-related crime and espionage
Owing to our portfolio, we are exposed to a number of sector-specific
60%#? 0% 1219)@4.% 10’ 5+-” LVO%#+0%58)-"VO" (36-1 <)% &653(%&, H#"&,)"-40)
4% 8,1 <)6"38~'05? Yo-To8.,<)%055" +5644 & 8? 5 Vo, <)#% 13 1’ 4-1)?55)}4+-1)455)-8/’ 1)"3)
10"7?0-8)60%#? <)%o8653(%o&,)+--'H/-1)4+-)-4’ 1 60% 19)!0%H#? V4? Se" Bet )
1364}-1)68$’ 060%#’ )+&()’ 1/%" &+,’)6"35() \3-+558)+3;’ 6-)"30)% &&"7+-%o"&1 )
"0) %& 8" 7+-%" &)+$%5%o-%' 1)+1)13649
@")6"#$+-/0"(36-=0' 54~ (OH? <4 &)%8e~’ 0&+5)6""O(Fo8e+-To" &)&’-2"02 +)
covering all functions and businesses (“Merck Anti-Counterfeiting
Operational Network”) was set up several years ago. In addition,
1°630%-8)#’ +130" 1)+0”)%&)31’ +" VO"-"6-/0" (36-1 )+,+%& 1-)6"3&-’ 03’ %- =
ing. Innovative technical security solutions and defined preventive
+//0"+64’ 1)+0’)31’0-")2-+00)":)(+&,’01)0 5+-%&,)-")68$’ 060%#’ )+&()
espionage. Measures to prevent risks and to prosecute identified
"7&1 1)+0°)6"8&(36-’() %o&)+55)-4’ 05’ 7+&-) 60%H#’) +0’ +1) %&)65"1’)+&()
-03 1-?"0-48)6""'/’ 0+-%" &)?%-4)-4’ JO’ 1/"8& 1 %$5’)4+3-4"0%-%’ 19) @4 \WoH/+6-)
":)-4? 17)0% 121) "&)$31%&’ 11)"/04-%" &1) (°1’ &(1)"&)-4’) 0" 1/°6-%7’)
individual case, product-specific factors, the value chain and regional
aspects in particular. Our Corporate Security department is respon=
1%$5’);"0)-4’)"7’ 04+55)6""0( Jo&e+-%" &)" 4-55)’ +130" 1)%&)-4% 14-0" +9)_7’0455<)
-4’)-40° +-)0’ 135-%&,):0"#) 60%#’ ) %&),’ &’0+5)%o1) 1?’ &)+1)$’ %&,)/"11%$5’)
and is classified as a medium risk.

# (Jo+)o4+8&&'519)@4’ 6" & 1% 1~’ &-)+-& 5’ +558)6"H/5%+&-B VY" )644& =
&’51)+8&()-4’ %0)6"8~’ &-) % 1) WoH#!"0-+8-) o&)-’ OH 1)";) % 860" + 1% &,)+2+0" &’ 11)
"-"30)$04+&(<H#"&,)!"-4’0)-4% &, 19)*?062)-+2’ 1/0 6-+3-%" & 1+ 8 (MHI? =
#&-1 YO"6 11’ L)-"Y &130°)}+2+0’ &’ 11)";)-4’V0'/0)4+-&(5%&,)":)1"6%+5)
# (Jo+<)6"&-0"55%&,V3$5%o6-+-%o" &H- &()+6- IT’ 58)H-+ 8+, Lo&, )O"HH#3 8 %o6+-Jo" KI
Nevertheless, reputational risks could result, for instance through
13$5%6)(%o+5",1)%&)1"6%-+5)# (Fo+9)
_7°0455<)?)0+-’)-4% 1)+1)+)5"2)0%129

A)(,(G),H!&)*+*!,(-!%$$%&’/()’ )#*

P1)+)6"0/"0+-”) ,0"3/)-44-) "104-7 1) %&~’ 0&+-%" & +558) +&() (3’)-")"30)
presence in the capital market, we are exposed to various financial
0% 121)+&()"//"0-3& %-%’ 19)P$""7 }+55<)-4’ 1? }4-0°)5%\3%(W-8)+&()6"3&-0/+0-8 )
risks, financial market risks and opportunities, risks of fluctuations
Jo&)-4’) #402’ -) 7453? 1)"3)"/ 04-Jo" &+5) +8, J$5’) +8) %o&-+&, $5’) + 11-15)
+1)2°55)+1)0%121)+&()"//"0-38&%o-%’ 1);0"#)/’ & 1%" 8)" $5 %,+-Jo" 819

"345!78@!.<<.";>83;2!67879:6:8;!38!":D7;3.8!

3. !$;B:!>4:!.A!A3878=37D!384;">6:8;4

In the area of financial risks and opportunities, we use an active
management strategy to reduce the effects of fluctuations in ’>64+&,’)
and interest rates. The management of financial risks and opportuni=
-Jo’ 1Y$8)31%&, OWT +-%T’ 1)%o&V+0-%635-+0)%1)0’ 35+-’ ($8) >-"&1%7),3%( =
Sines. Speculation is prohibited. Derivative transactions are subject to)
6"& 1-+&-)0% 12)6" &-0"519)P)1-0%6-)1?/+-0+-%" &)";);3&6-%o" &1)$?- 7”? &)-0-+(Fo&,<)
1°--5°#’ &-)+&()6"&-0"5);3&6-%" & 1)% 1)’ &130°(9
W"#$% & (*+&+, # &-)./"0-

D3E>3 @3;2!"3454

O&)"0(°0)-")’ & 130”) %-1)6" &-%&3’ ()’ >% 1’ &6? <)+)6"H/-+8&8)#3 1-)$’)+$5’)

to fulfill its commitments from operating and financial activities at all
-Jo#’ 19)@4’0’ ;"0" <}")0" (36 W"~” &-%+5)5 %\3 Yo Jo-80% 121<)? 447’ 46’ &-045)
D0"3/=2%(’) 5%\3 %o(Jo-8) #+&+, #’ &-) 181-'#) %&)/5+6’) +&() +) $+5+&6()
maturity profile. The maturities of our financial liabilities are aligned
with our planned free cash flow. Furthermore, we have a multicurrency

$I" #S % RP NG(N")*+*1,(-1. $$ %&'/()’ )H*

145

mation can be found in Note (38) “Management of financial risks” in
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Due to their
1" 11%$5° "66300" &6’)?%-4)+)/""~’ &-%o+558)60%-%6+5)&’ +-%T’)’ 33°6-)"&)-4’)
net assets, financial position and results of operations, foreign
°>644&,’)0+-’)0%121)-+0" O+-’ ()+1)#’ (%3#)0% 129

Variable interest and current financial liabilities are exposed to
the risks and opportunities of interest rate fluctuations. These are

0°7"57%&,) 60" (Jo-) ;+6%5J%-8)";)M )$%055%" 8) 2%-4) +) OH) 3&e-Jo5) IMIK <) 24%64) +51" H+8-+,’ (+80 (36? (31% 8)? 0%T+-%T 19)O&-’0? 1-O-+-”)0% 121447")

*& 130" 1)6"&-% &3%&,)1"57’ &68)%; 4+ &8)5 %0\3Jo(Jo-8)$"--5’ &’ 621)"66309)P1)"30)
loan agreements do not contain any financial covenants, these
+,0°’()5%&’ 1)";)60’ (%-) 6+&)$’) +66" 11’()’7’ &) %;)*°062b1) 60’ (%-)0+-%&,)
14"35()?-"0%"0+-’ 9)P((Jo-o" &+558<)? A+T’ H)O"HH 06 %o+5)/-+/° 0/0" OHH )
1%-4)+)#+> To#3#)7"53# )" 3G )D$%55%" &9
_T0455<)-4’)5%\3%(Jo-8)0% 12) % 1)38&5%2’ 58) +8 ()O+-’()+1)5"29

=.>85:"<7"521"3454
1"38&-?0/+0-8) 0% 121) +0% 1’) 0" #)-4’)/"~’ &-%+5)(:+35-) $8) +)/+0-& 0) %&)
connection with financial investments, loans and financing commit=
# &-1)"&)-4’)"&’)44+.8& (+ &()0 6 G74+$5? 1)%&)"/’ 0+ -%8&,)$3 1 %&’ 11)"&)-4’)
"Vp

As for counterparty risks from financial transactions, we review
+55)/"1%-Jo" &1)0"5+-Jo&,)-")-O+(Fo&, V+0-&’01)+&()-4’ 060’ (%-)O-+-Jo&, 1)"&)+)
daily basis. We manage financial risks of default by diversifying our
financial positions and through the related active management of our
trading partners. Significant financial transactions involving credit
0% 12)+0’)’ &-’0" ()%&-")2%-4)$+&2 1) + &()%&(31-0%+5)6"H#/+&% 1)-44-)447’)
+),""() 60’ (%-) 04-%&,9) *"0'"7°0<)"30) 5+0,’) $+&2%&,) 18&(%6+-’)U)-4’)
#35-%=6300" &68)0'7"57% &,)60’ (%-);+6%5J-8)" ;))$%55%" &) +1) 1 88&(%6+-'()
$8)L‘)$-+8&21)U)O’ (36 1)/"11%$5’)5" 11? 1)%&)-4’)’ 7 &-)"3)C 435-9

@4’)1"57? &68)+&()"/ 0+4-Jo" &45)77? SH &-)":)-O+( Go &,/+0-&’01)% 1)
0’,35+058)0°7%’?’()+ 1)/+0-)";)-4 )#4-&-+,# &-)"5)'1 O+-%"&+5)6"3& =
terparty risks. Sovereign risks are also analyzed. The volume of
0°6’%74$5’ 1)";)’+64)631-"#'0)% 1) 64/1’ () Fo&) 5% 8’ )?%-4)-4’ %0)60'(%-)O4+- =
J%o8&,19).%o12=#%-% ,+-To8&, #’ +130’ 1<)1364}4-1)60’ (%-)%& 1304+ &6’ <)+0" )3-%5%B ()
as appropriate. Nevertheless, defaults by isolated trading partners,
’T &)-A"V)2%-4)"3-1-+ &(%o8&,)60’ (Jo-)O+-Fo&,1<)6+8&"-)$’)’ &- FO" 58)035’()
"3-<)45-4"3,4)0+4-’ ()+1)3&5%2’ 58) 330-4’ 0) %&;"O#+-Jo"&)6+&)$’ )3"38() %&)
“Credit risks” in Note (38) “Management of financial risks” in the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements).

Counterparty risk is classified as a medium risk overall owing to
4 3&5%2’58V0"$+$I5%-8)" ;)"66300" &67)?%-4)+"~’ &-To+5)O0%-To6+5)&’ +-%T’)
*57°6-9

A3878=37D!67"5:;!.<<.";>83:3:4178 @1"3454

P1)+)0’ 135-)";)"30)%8&~’ 0&+-%" &+5)$3 1% 8? 1146-%7%-%’ 1)+-&(),5"$+5)6"0/"0+-’ )
structure, we are exposed to risks and opportunities from fluctuations
in exchange rates. These result from financial transactions, operating
receivables and liabilities, as well as forecast future cash flows from
145? 1)+8&()6"1-1) %&);"0" %,&) 6300 &689):)31°)(°0%7+-%T’ 1)-")#+&+,’)
+&()0’ (36’)-4’ H5"0'# &-%" &’ (0% 1214+ &(0)"//"0-3& %o-%’ 1)Y 330-4’ 0)%&5"0 =

+)!" &-Jo+ 558)" O4-’)& t- JOT’ )o##/+6-<)+0” 6" & 1%? 0" ()3&5%2’ 58)+&()
1"17)5"2)0%121)"7°0+559

"3454!.A!36<73"6:8;!.A!F7D78=:!4B::;!3;:64

@4’)6+008%&, )+4#"3&-1)"3) %&(%T%o(3+5)$-+5+8&6’) 14° ’-)%-’#1)+0’)13$A’6-)
-")-4’)0%12)";)644+&, %&, #402’ -)+8()$3 1% &’ 11)6"&(%-%o" &1)+&()-431)-")
changes in fair values as well. Necessary impairments could have a
significant negative non-cash impact on earnings and affect the
4+66"3&-% 8, 0+-T%o" 19) @4% 1) 41/5 %’ 1) Vo&/+0-%635+0)-")-4’ 4% ,4)5°7’ 5)" 3) Vo Be~#&
50$5? +11? 1)%8653(W&, ),""(2%55<)24%64)H#+%&58)\°0%7’);0"#)-4’° 306441?)
10%6’)+55"6+-Jo" & 1) #+(’ ) %&)6"&&’ 6-%" &) 2%-4)/+1 -)+6\3% 1 %-Jo" & 1) Y;30-4’0)
information can be found in Note (19) “Goodwill” and (20) “Other
intangible assets” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial State=
ments). All relevant risks were assessed during the preparation of
the consolidated financial statements and taken into account accord=
Jo8&,589) :’)O+-”)0% 121) $8" 8&()-4% 1) +1) 38&5%2’ 58) 2%-4) +) 60%-%6+5) &’ ,+-%T’)
%ot#!+6-9) @4’0’ ;"0’ <)-4%1)% 1)1°? &)+1)+)# (%3#)0% 129

"3454!78 @!.<<.";>83;3:4!A".6!<:843.8!

!FD397;3.84

P)4+T’ )6"HHEI-# 8-1) Jo 8) 6" & 8’ 6- Jo" &) 2%-4)1’ 8 1%" &)"$5% ,-+-Jo" &19) @4’)
present value of defined benefit obligations can be significantly
Jo&60’ +1’ ()"0)0" 36’ ()$8)64-+8&,” 1) %&)-4’ 05? 7+ &-)7+53+-%" &)/+O-HP =
~’01<);"0) >HH/5’)-4’)%&-’0’ 1-0+-’)"0):3-30’ )1+5+08)% 860’ + 1’ 19)R’ & 1%" &)
"$5%,+-Jo"& 1)+0")0’ ,35-+058)+1 1711’ ()+1)/4+-0-)";}+8&&345)4+6-3+0%+5)0"/"0-19)
@4’)"$5% ,+-Jo" & 140’ J6"7' 0" (1$8)-4 VW & 1%" & VO" 7F 1%" & 1)" /"0-” ()Vo&)-4’)
$4+54+86")14’?-)$+ 1 ()"&)-4’ 41 13#/-%"& 14 1)"3)-4’)$4+54+&6" )14?-(4-'9)

Some of these obligations are funded by plan assets (further infor=
mation can be found in Note (25) “Provisions for pensions and other
post-employment benefits” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements). To the extent that pension obligations are covered by
/5+8&)+11?-1)6"& 1% 1-%&,)";) W&-’0? 1-=$’ +0%&,) 1 630%-%’ 1<) 14-40" 1<)0°+5)
estate and other financial assets, decreasing or negative returns on
-4° 1) +11°-1)6+&)+(7’01°58) +33’ 6-)-4’) :+:%0) 7453’ )"3)/5+&) +1 1-1) +&()

thus result in further additions to pension provisions. By contrast,
0% 1 %8&,)0° -30& 1)%&60" +1’)-4’ 7453” )"3)/5+&)+1 1’-1<)-4’0°$8)0" 135-%&,)%&)
excess cover of plan liabilities. We increase the opportunities of fluc=
-3+-%" 81) Jo&)-4 HH-O2 -)7+53’)" W548 41 V’-1)"&)-4’)"&’ 44+ & (+ &()0" 36" )
the risks on the other by using a diversified investment strategy. The
38&5%2’58)0% 12)(3’ -" VW’ & 1%" &)" $5 %,+-Jo" &1)6"35(A-+7’ HH"? OF-? 8’ +-%T?)
effects on the net assets, financial position and results of operations,
and is classified as low.
W#$% &? *+&+, # &-)./"0-

146

744:446:8;4!1F7!38 @:<:8 @:8;!"7;389!79:8=3:4

@4? )6-+/%-+5)H#+-02’-)3 1 1-4? HV 11? &-1/3$5% 14’ ($8)0+-Jo&, +,’ &6% | )
to help lenders assess the risks of a financial instrument used by
Merck. We are currently rated by Standard & Poor’s (S&P), Moody’s
and Scope. Standard & Poor’s has issued a long-term credit rating of

$I" #$ % BVM (N")*+*1,(-1. $$ URC)’ )#*

A with a stable outlook, Moody’s a rating of Baai with a stable outlook
and Scope a rating of A-, likewise with a stable outlook. In line with
market procedures, our financing conditions are closely tied to our
0+-% &,9)@4’)$? --0)+)0+-%&,<)-4’ #"0’);+7"04$58)?’ )6+&),’ &’ 0+558)0+% 1’)
$3.8&(1)"&)-4’)6+/%-+5)#+02’-)"0);0"#)$4+8&219

REPORT ON RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES) }

Overview of rating development

@ sap ©®)*""(8bl_-) ) ®)Scope
S&P / Moodys / Scope
PYPI
PUYPK
BBB+/Baal
BBB/Baa2
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
D#2,H!&)*+* J3’)-")5"&,) 1-4-3-"1)"3) 5%#%-+-%" 81) "0) %&) "#64 1 1)-4’) +1 &6")

D’ &’0+558<)?’) 1-0%7’)-")#% & %o#IB’ )+&()6" &-0"5)"30)5°,+5)0% 1219) @")-4% 1)
*&(<)P A47’)-42’ &)-4’)&’6’ 1140890’ 6+3-%" &1)-")%( &-%:;8)-40’ +-1)+&()
(3? &()"30)0%,4-1) 24’ 0" )&’6’ 114.089
Nevertheless, we are still exposed to litigation risks or legal pro=
6°? (Yo&19) O&) /+0-%635-+05) -4’ 1) %&653(’)0% 121) %&)-4’) +0’ +1)";)/0"(36-)
5%+$%5%-8<) 6H -Jo-Jo" &) +8c() +&-Jo-03 1-) 5+2<) /4+0#+6'3-%6+5) 5+2<) /+~’ &-)
5+2<)-O+(C #402)5+2<)(+-+)/0"~’ 6-%" &)S+25)-+>)5+2)+8()’ &7%0" SH’ &-+5)
10"-’6-%o" &9)P1)+)0’ 1’+064=$+1 ’ ()6"#/+ &8<)? 447’ )+)7+534$5’ /"0- =
"5%")":) Jo&(31-0%+5)/0"/’ 0-8) 0%,4-1<) /+~’ &-1) +&() $0+&(1)-4+-)6"35()
$°6"#")-4’)-+0,’-)"3) +--4621) +&() %&;0%&,#’ &-19) @4’)"3-6"#")";)
future proceedings or those currently pending is difficult to foresee.
F"0)%& 1-+8&6’ <)?’)+0’)6300’ &-58)%&7"57’ ()%o&)5 %o-%,+-Fo" &)?%o-4)*’ 062)E)
Co. Inc. (outside the United States and Canada: Merck Sharp &
J"4#)!"0/9)Y MSD)), against whom we have filed lawsuits in various
countries. This company has also sued us in the United States for
-O+(° #402) % 810% 8, &-<)+#"&,)"-4’0)-4%&,19

-4°0°":<) Jo-) Jol) &"-)/" 11 F$5’)-")035°)"3-)-4+-) 2”) 2955) 3+6’)-4%0(=/+0-8)
654% #1) +0% 1 %&,) ;0"#)-4’) 144) M113’)? 1/%-’)-4’) 6" &6531%"&)"3) 5? +5)
proceedings. Court or official rulings or settlements can lead to
expenses with a significant impact on our business and earnings.

V1/%-’Y >~ &A WT VO’ 6+3-%" &+08)#? +130’ 1<)&"&=6"#/5%+8&6' )?%-4)
5+21)+8&()0’ 35-+-%" &1)5°+(%o&,)-")0 5+’ ()6"&1\3’ &6’ 1)6+&)&’7’0)$’)
6"#/5’-58)'>653C(9

@+>)0%121)+0’ 07%’ ()0” ,354+058)+-&()181-’#4+-%6+558)$8)D0"3/)@+>9)
1"00" 1/"&(%&,)1-+8(+0(14-&(),3%(?5%&’ 14-0" )3 1’ ()%&)"0? O")%(? &-%;8)
-+>)0%121)+-)+&)’ +058) 1-+,’)+1)2°55)+1)-")0°7%’ 25)’ 74+53+-’)+&()6"00" =
1/"&(Jo8&,58)#%& To#TB’ )-4’#9).% 12)0’ (36-%" &H#’ +130" 1-0’ )6""0(Go&+-’()
$8)D0"3/)@+>)-",’-4’0)2%-4)-4’)13$1 %(%+0%’ 1)+$0"+(9

O&)"30)"/%&%" &<)-4’)5-+213%-1)(? 160% ()$75"'2)6" & 1-Jo-3-”)-4’ Ht" 1-)
significant legal risks. This should not be seen as an exhaustive list
"-)4-55)5°,+5)(Jo1/3-’ 16300" &-58)"8&,"%&,9
W"#$% & (*+&+, # &-)./"0-

"3454!A".6!<".@>=;1":D7;: @!78 @!<7;:8;!D7J!@34<>;:4

Merck is involved in a patent dispute with Biogen Inc., Massachusetts
(United States), (Biogen) in the United States. Biogen claims that
-4’)1+5’)";).$%; | in the United States infringes on a Biogen patent.
The disputed patent was granted to Biogen in the United States in
2009. Subsequently, Biogen sued Merck and other pharmaceutical
6"#/4+8&%’ 1) ;"0) Yo& 0% 8,’ #’ &-)";)-4% 1) /4-’ &-9) * 062) (73? &(?() Yo-1"5;)
+,+%8& 1-) +55) +55’ ,+-%o"& 1) +&() $0"3,4-) +) 6"3&-’013%-) 65+%#% &,) -4+-)-4’)
patent is invalid and not infringed by our actions. In the first instance,
+)A308)0°6",& %B’ ()-4’) %&74+5%(%-8)";)-4’)/+~’ &-9) @4% 1) A308)7’ 0(%6-)?+1)
overturned by a first-instance federal judge. For the time being, the
/4-? 8 -)%01)-43 1) # ()-")$")5’ +558)74+5% (+ &()-" 447’ )S”” &)% & 0% &,’ (9)

Merck filed a complaint with the United States Court of Appeals of
-4’)F’?0+5)!%063%-)Y !PF!_ - second instance) against the first-instance
035%&,) %&)_6-"$’0) IMLN9) :’)4+7’)-+2’ &) +//0"/0%+-’) +66"3&-%o&,)
#+1 30°19)

Nevertheless, potentially critical negative impacts of the litigation
on the financial position cannot be ruled out.

O&)-4’ )R’05"0#+86’)*+-?0%+51)$3 1 %&’ 11) 1°6-"05)*?062)% 1) %&T"57 ()
Jo8&) +) 5° +5) (%o1/3-) 2%-4) INC) !"0/"0+-%" &<)at/+&<)Y INC). INC)65+%#1)
-4+-)$8)#+8&3:+6-30% 8, +8 (HH-02’ - % &,)6’ 0--+%&)5 %\3 %()608 1-+5 1 H#%>-30" 1<)
*°(062)4+1)%&0%&,’() INC)/+-’ &-19)*? 062)#4+-% &-+%&1)-44-) INCbI1)/+-’&-)
Jo 80% &,'#? &-)+11? 0-%"&)%1)%&T+5%()"2%&,)-")0? 5° 7+8&-)/0%"0)-+0-)+&()4+1)
filed the corresponding nullity actions, which in three cases were
already successful in first-instance proceedings. JNC has filed com=
15+% &-1)%&)’ +64)6+19)O&)+)6"00" 6-%" &)-0%+5<)+)(°6% 1%" &) Fo&):+7 IVE)
was issued in the second instance. Both Merck and the Korean Patent
Office have filed complaints with the Korean Supreme Court. In par=
+55’5<JNC filed two patent infringement suits. In these cases, a
first-instance and a second-instance decision were taken in Merck’s
S4T"O5)0’ 1/°6-%7’ 585 )+-,+%8& 1-)24%64) INC4+1)4// +5’ ()"0)% 1)4%,458)5%2’58)
-")4/ +59): 4-0’ 0? /+0" ();"0)-4% 1 HHE--’04-&()-4 (% 1/3~” <H &(A+T7’)
taken appropriate accounting measures. Nevertheless, a potentially
critical negative impact of the litigation on the financial position can=
&"-)$)035°()"3-9

0&)a358)IML*<BMS, E.R. Squibb & Sons L.L.C., Ono Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd., and Tasuku Honjo filed suit in the United States District
Court of Delaware against Merck KGaA, EMD Serono Inc. and Pfizer
Inc., based on the allegation that Bavencio! infringes a U.S. patent.
@4’)54713%-) 241) 1’--5° () $41) "&) +) 1--5°# &-)+,0° # &-) 1% ,&'()
between Pfizer and the claimants after the balance sheet date. For
-4%1)0’+1"&<)-4’)5+1-)8’-+0b1)0°/"0-’ ()0% 12)%1)"$1"5°-’9

$I" #S % RP NG(N")*+*1,(-1. $$ %&'/()’ )H*

147

"3454! @>:!;.!78;3;">4;!78 @!.;B:"! !
9.C:"86:8;!<".=::@3894
.+/-%7+ |! : In December 2011, the federal state of Sdo Paulo, Brazil,
13° (*062);"0\-+44,’ 1)$’6+3 1’)";)+55”,’ (96"5531%" &)$’-2”’ &)7+0%"31)
/4+0#+6° 3-%6+5)6"H/+&%’ 1) +8&()+8&)+1 1"6%+-%o"&)"3)/+-Io’ &-1) 133; 0%&,)
$0"#)/1"0%+1% 1) +8() 7%-%5%,"9) @4% 1) 6"553 1%" &) %1) +55", ()=")447°) $? &)
To 8e-’ &? ()-") %o&60' +1’) 145? 1)"3)-4’) #? (%6F%&’ 1) :0"#)-4’) 6" H#/4+&%’ 1)
Jo&T" ST ()~")-4’) C -O%#? &-)"3) /4-%’ 8-1) +8&() 1-+-”)6"33019) *"0""7' 08)
/+-9o’ &-1)-+0°) +51") 13%8&,);"0) HEF,” 1) %&)6" & 8’ 6-%" &)2%-4)-4’)/0"(36-)
tl-%T+ | 9)*?062)4+ 1-42’ & 4/10" 0% +-’ +66" 3.8&-%o 8, #’ +130" 1);"0+-4 1’)
J113° 1<)?4%64) 0°5+-")-")74+0%"31) 5°, +5)6+1°19).%121) %&)’>6'11)";)-4%1)
with a substantial negative effect on the net assets, financial position
+&()0°135-1)";) "7° 04-%" & 1) 6+&&"-)$’)035’()"3-<) $3-) +0) 6"&1%(0"()
3.&5%2’ 589) @4%1)% 1)0-+-’ ()-+1)-+)# (%3#)0% 129

On July 6, 2017, Merck received notice from the European Com=
mission (EU Commission) in connection with the antitrust review
proceedings for the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich, in which the EU
W"##9% 119%" &)%o 8" O# ()*062)";)%- 1/0’ 5 %#%&+08)6" &653 1%" &)-4+-)* 062)
and Sigma-Aldrich allegedly transmitted incorrect and/or misleading
information within the scope of the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich. The
EU Commission received registration of the merger on April 21, 2015,
+&(),0+&-’() 65’ +0+8&6’) "&) a3&’) LH<) IMLH<) 13$A’6-)-")-4’) 6" &(%-%" &)
that Merck and Sigma-Aldrich divest parts of the European solvents
and inorganic chemicals businesses of Sigma-Aldrich in order to
0° 1"57’)4+&-%-03 1-)6"&6’ 08& 19)P66"0(%&,)-")-4’ VO? 5 %ot#Jo8&+08)7% 2" Jo8e-)";)
the EU Commission communicated in a letter dated July 6, 2017,
Merck and Sigma-Aldrich withheld important related information
about an innovation project. According to the EU Commission, the
Jo8& 8." 14+-To" & 10" A’ 6-)14"35()4+7’ )$?’ 8) %&653(’ ()%&)-4’)0'# (%’ 1/462
age. At the present time, an EU Commission administrative procedure

is still pending that could lead to a fine being imposed by the EU
Commission. Merck is entitled to legal recourse should a fine be
Jott!" 1? (9) @4’)"&," To&, )V&T 1-%,+-Jo" &1) +0") 5 VoH#%-’ ()-")-4’) >+4#%&+-Jo"&)

of violations of EU merger control procedures and do not affect the
validity of the EU Commission's decision to approve the merger. As
-4’)0%12)%1)6" &1%(?0’ ()-")4+7’)+)/"~’ &-Fo+5)60%-%o6+5)&’ ,+- IT’ ) Uo +6-)"&)
the net assets and financial position, a provision has been set up.
W#$% &? *+&+, # &-)./"0-

148

"3454!.J389!;.!7!4:;;D:6:8;!79"::6:8;! !
.A!;B:!@3C:4;:@19:8:"3=4!19" ><

R+0">?-%&’ QNO&)6" & &’ 6-Fo" &)?%o-4)-4’ KUT 1~’(), &?0%61)$3 1 %&? 11<)*062)
is subject to antitrust investigations by the British Competition and
*+402’-)P3-4"0%-8)Y !*P ) in the United Kingdom. In March 2013, the
+3-4"0%-%’ 1) %o&:"O# () *’062) ";) -4’) +113#/-%" &) -44-) +) 1--5°#’ &-)
agreement entered into in 2002 between Generics (UK) Ltd. and
several subsidiaries of GlaxoSmithKline plc, United Kingdom in con=
nection with the antidepressant drug paroxetine violates British and
European competition law. Merck, the then-owner of Generics (UK)
C-(9<) 241) +55’, (58) %&7"57 () Lo&)-4’) &’ ,"-Jo+-Fo" &1) 3"0)-4’) ?--S'H#’ &-)
+,0°# &-)+8&()%1)-4'0" ;"0°)5%+$5'9) @4’) %&T 1-%,+-%o" &1) %&-")D’ &’0%61)
(UK) Ltd. started in 2011, without this being known to Merck. On
F’$03+08)LL<)IMLZ<)}-4’) !*P imposed a fine in this matter. Merck has
taken legal action against this fine. Appropriate accounting measures
have been taken. As things stand at present, a decision and outflow
"0? 1306? 1)}+0’)&"-)'>/’6-’ ()38&-%5)IML)$’ 6+3 1-4’ )P//? +51) @0%$3.&+5 )
has since submitted the relevant legal questions to the European
!"30-)";)a31-%6’) Y CJEU) for a preliminary ruling. This is currently
classified as a medium risk with a moderate negative impact on the
financial position.

B/1,(!&#* %/&G#* | &)*+*

_30);3-30"),0"?-4) %1)4%,458) (1 &( &-)"&)"30) %o&&"74+-%T’) 1-0’ &,-49)
@40°3"0'<)-4’Y > 0-% 1? +8)’ & +, # &-)"sY H1/5"8"? 1)%&)+55)16-"01)
Jo8&)I4%6A)?’)"1’ 0+-) +0’ )6036%+5)-")-4’) 1366" 11)";)-4’)6"#/+&89) @4’)
#402’-1)0°5’7+&-)-"-4 )6"H/-+8&8)+0" }64+0+6-’0%B’ ()$8)% &-’ &1%T7 O"# =
petition for qualified specialists and by the challenge of being perceived)
by the public as an attractive employer. Fluctuation risks specific to
countries and industries have to be identified ahead of time and
specifically addressed in order to keep the skills and expertise critical
-")13667 1 1)+8()$3 1% 8? 11)2%-4%&)-4’ JO" #/4+- 889

7603 %-%&, + 8&()0’-+%& % 8, )1/’ 6%+5% 1-148 ()-+5’ &-)%1)-4’ 0" ;"0’)"&’)")
-4)2’8)/0%"0%-%" 1);"0)-4’) 6" #/+88) +8&() % 1) #+-&+,’()-40"3,4)-4’)-+0 =
22°C BL)"<)3"0)% 8 1-+8&6? <) H/5"8’ 0) $048 (Fo &,)Lo& To-Jo+-JoT 1 <),5"$45)-+5’ &-)
+&()13667 11%" & H+ &+,’#’ &-0"6? 11? 1)+1)2°55)+1)6"#/’-%-%T o"# =
pensation packages. Nevertheless, employee-related risks that affect
business activities are possible, even though their impact is difficult
-")411119):)04-’)-4% 1) +1)-+4)# (%3#)0% 129

3(K%&1,’)%(V #GL(%H%20!&)*+*

)31’)+)7+0%’ -8)";)O@) 181-’#1)+8&()/0"6’ 11’ 1) %&)"0C0)-")"/-WGH#+558)
13//"0-)"30),5"$+5%B+-7%" &9) @0" 8 (1) %o&)%o8e:" V#+-%" &)-’ 648&"5",8)"33°0)740% =
"31 )"1/"0-38&%-%’ 1)$3-)+51")4+0$"0)0%1219

$I" #$ % BVM (N")*+*1,(-1. $$ URC)’ )#*

"3454! @>:!;.!=?F:"="36:!78@!;B:!A73D>":!
.A !F>438:441 — $"3;3=7D!3;!7<<D3=7;3.84
0.860? +1%&,) %8&~ O08-+-Jo" &+5)&’ -"02%&,)+&()-4’)0’ 54-’ ("11% $%5%-8)";)O@)
181-#)4+$31’}4-0’)0" 135-%&,)%&)68$’ 060%#’ 0% 121);"0)*’062<)1364}+-1)-4’)
+9530’ )"3)6’ &-0+5)O@)181#1<)-4’X%165"1307)"0)5" LL)";}-4?)(+-+)%&-’,0%-B +)
of confidential data from research and business activities, the manip=
35+-%" &)";)O@)181-’#1) %&)/0"6’ 11)6"&-0"5<)"0)+&) %&60' +1’ ()$30(? &)"0)
+(7’01’) %#/4+-6-)" &)O@)181-’#1)+1)+)0" 135-)";)7%03 1)+--+6219

@4’)*062)D0"3/)'’0+-” L+&)%8&;"O#+-Jo" & VO" 6-Jo"" & H+ Se, # &- )
181-°#)$+17Q"&)  ISO)IAMML)6"#/0%1%&,) 1°630%-8),3%(?5%&’ 1)+1)2’55)
+1)"0,+& %B+-%" &+5)+8&()-64&%6+5)#’ +130’ 1)-")/0"7’ &-)+&()+((0" 11)0@)
1°630%-8)% &6%(’ &-19)D5"$+558)3 1’ (JO @)+//5%6+-Jo"&1);"O#)-4’ )$+1% 1);"0)-4’ )
6" &-046-345) (’5%7’08)";)/0" (36-1) +&() 1"53-%"& 19) @4’) ;+%530’)";)$31% =
ness-critical IT applications could therefore have a direct influence
"8&)"30)+$%5%-8)-")?5I07’ OH 8e(-4’)\34+5%-8)";)"30V0" (36-19) @4%1H451"4//5% 1)
-")-4’);+%530’ )"s}+)(+-+)6 &-’09)@"H-64%’7’)-4’ 013%’ (I)? 07%6’ N3 +5 %-8<)
we use a quality management system certified to ISO)‘MML)-4+-)+51")
+115%’ V)-")-4’ WO" 7% 1%" &)" JO @NO&)+-((Jo-%o" &<-" 0’ (36” 4 0% 12)";);-+% 530" <)
LY O4-YV7?045)0" (38 (4+-&-58)( 1%, 8 ()(-+-+)6’ &-’019)F30-4’ 0#"0" <)
B130+&6’)1"53-%" &1);"088’ 060%#’)"3;” & 1? 1)+0”)%&/5+6’)}+-)DO"3/)5°759

C%2’ 2% 1 <)6"#/5%o6+-%" &1)?%-4)-4’ )}64+&,'"7’0)";)O@)181-#1)6"35()
&’,+-oT’58)WoH#/+6-)-4’ Y +0& Jo&, 1) 1 %-3+-Jo" &I)!5" LH" & o-"0% &,)" 360% -%6+5)
O@)/0"A’6-1) 1°07’ 1)-")#%-%,+-’ )-4% 1)0% 129

J 1/%-’)-4’ }#%-%,+-%o &, HP +130" 1)-+2’ &)+&();3&6-%" &+5)6"&-%&3%-8)
/5+8&1<)-4’)’:;’6-1)";)68$’ 060%#’ )"0)-4’):+%530’)";)$31%&’ 11=60%-%6+5)O@)
applications and their influence on the net assets, financial position
+8()0°135-1)":)"/’0+-%"&1)+0")6"8&1%(’0"()4%,4) 0% 121) "2%&,)-")5%2’58)
+&()"~? &-Jo4+558)60%o-Jo6+5)&’ ,+-WT )JoH#/+6- 19

(M)& %o(1#( 1, (-!*, Ki 01&)*+*

P1)+)6"#/+8&8)2%-4),5"$-+5)/0" (36-%" &)"/’ 0-+-Jo" &1<)7 40’) >/"V'O-")

00% 121)";/"11%$5’) (44+, =" "75? S),"(1)+-8&()"30)0’/3-+-%" &9)P3(Jo- 1 <)

6" &135-%8, +8 (-0+% &To&,)" &Y &T%00" SH? &-+5/0"~"6-Jo" & + &()"663/+-Go" &+5)
445-4) +&() 1+;’-8)#% & Zo# IB’ )-4 1°) 0% 121) -")/"/5’) +8&()-4’)’ &7 M00" & =
# &-9)O&)"0(70)-")’ & 130’ )-4’)6" &-% &3%-8)";)/5+&-)+&() \3%/#’ &-<))

#"& %-"0)-4’ 1’)0%121)$"-4)+-)"30)"2&)1%-’ 1)+1)2°55)+1)+-)13//5%’01)+&()
contract manufacturers. By adhering to high technical standards, our
035’ 1)";)6"&(36-}-&(}455)5” +5013 %0'# &-1)%&)’ &7%0" Bt’ &-+5/0"-’6-%" &)
+&()"663/+-Jo" &-+5) 4’ +5-4) +&() 1-4;’-8<) 2’)? &130")-4’)/0” 1°07+-%o"&)":)

goods and assets. We have taken sufficient appropriate accounting
measures for the environmental risks known to us. Nevertheless, we
65+11%:8)-4’ 1’) +1)+)4%,4)0%12) 1 %&6’ ) +) 60%-%o6+5) &’ ,+-%T’) Wot! +6-)" &)-4’)
financial position cannot be ruled out.
W"#$% & (*+&+, # &-)./"0-

"190K! L#!-)M#* 1#CN!,GO/)*)’)%(!
(NC #28,’ )%(1%K!G%1$,#*1,(-!
P/*) (Pe

000° 1/6-%7’)";)-4)+6-)-4-+-}+6\3% 1 %- Jo" & H+") %&)-4’ W+1-)44-7°)$?’ &)
1366” 11;3558) 6"#/5°-’(<) -4°)0% 12) ";) 6" &(36-%&,)-4’) +6\3% 1 %-Mo"&) +&()
Jo&-’ O+-%o" &Y >%o1-1);"0);3-30’ -0+& 14+6-%"& 19) @4% 1) %&653(’ 1<)+#"&,)"-4’0)
4% 8,1<)-4’)%8+$%05J%o-8)-" #145’ 1)7"53#?-+0,’- 1+ &()4%,4’ 0) %&-’ O+

-Jo" 86" 1-1)-44+&) >/°6- (<EL)?55)41)-4’);+-%530" "HP ?-)18&0,8),"+519)
@4’)(%T 1-# &-)")O"H/+8% 1) +831 %o8 11? 1)64+ 8&5’ +()-")5 %+$I05 %-8)7% l=
£=7%1)-4°)$38°0)"0)+((Jo-Jo" 845)’ >/’ 1 1<);"0)%&1-+8&6")-40"3,4%CHKG-B +)
6543171)+&(),3+0+8-’’)6"HH#%-# &-1)"0)5" &,=-’ 0#)13//58)6" &-0+6-19)
@40"3,4) 1-0"&,)(3)(%5%,’ &6’)/0"6 11" 1) +&()65" 1’ 58)#+& +,’ ()M&~’
0+-%" &)/0"6 11° 1<)2”)1’2)-")0" (36”)-4’)/0"$+$%5%-8)":)"66300" &6’)

"#S Jo & 1% (1")¥+*1,(-1.$$%&'/()’ )#*

149

precautions - we take counteraction, in particular against significant
Jo8(%7 %(3+5)0% 1219

@4’)"7°0455)0% 12)";)-4’)D0"3/<)?4%64)% 1) 0%7’ ()0"#)-4’ VO" $+$%5%-8= +)
weighted aggregation of the identified risks, leads to the assessment
-4+-)? 40? )&"=) >/" 1? ("90% 121)" +)&+-30? "40? +’ &)-4’)' > 1~’ &6’)
of the Group as a going concern or for which coverage and financing
of the losses is questionable. We are confident that we will continue
-")1366' 11;3558)#+1-'0)-4’ 64455’ &,’ 1)+0% 1 %&,):0"#-4’ )4+-$"'7’)0% 121) %&)
the future as well. Our company also benefits from diversification
-40"3,4)"30)(%;;’ 0’ &-)/0"(36-1)+8&()#+02’-19

O&)"30) 7%? 2<) $3 1% &? 11=0° 54-’()"//"0-3&Jo-%’ 1)"3;°0)-4’) 0’ +-" 1-)
1" 8 -%o+59)P&) Vo!" 0-+8&-) 5’ &-)4’ 0" )%1)-4’ 6" &-%o8&3"31)’ >/4+& 1 Fo" &)";)
our businesses in Asia, Latin America, Africa and the Middle East. With)
the successful focusing and continued intensification of our research
$& (C7 5" &-)+6-%0T Jo-Wo 1<) 1) 24+&-)=")$? )+$5°)=")6" &-%&3’)-")"3;°0)

":)-4%1)0% 129) @4’0" "0" <)2”)65+11%:8)-4% 1) +1)+)5"2)0% 12) 2%-4)+8&)3&5%2’ 58) "30)631-"#’01)% 8S" 7+-WT WO" (36-1)+- 84’ 5/1441” +02’ - 19)#"0°"'7°05 )

10"$+$%5%-8)";)"66300" &6”)+&()/"~” &-%+558)#"( O+-’)&? +-%T’)’ 33’ 6-1)
on the net assets, financial position and results of operations.

M#&,HH!M)#Q!%K! L#!&)*+1,(-!
%$$% BI)’ O!*)'/,)%(1,(-!
(241 LPR LAC

The most significant individual risks in the businesses have been
&+H () Fo&)-4’)0°/"0-) +$"7’ <) 2% -4) $3 1% &’ 11=0" 5+’ ()0% 121) $’ %&,) -4’)
most significant alongside legal risks.

:%-4)0 1/°6-)-")4%,4) +8&()#’ (%3#) 0%121<) 6’0-+%&) 644+&,’ 1) 447’)
"66300’(<)+1)-4’) +11 11#? &-)"3)-4’) %8(%7Jo(3+5) 0% 121) 4+1)";)6"301’)
shifted over the fiscal year due to changing external and internal
conditions, while the overall risk profile remained stable. Thanks to
-4’)0% 12)0’ (36-%" &)#’ + 130” 1)--+2’ &)U)1364)+1)-4’)6"& 1% 1~’ &-) WH!’
H 8&-+-Jo" &)")H+&+, # &-)+6-Jo"&)Y"0,+8& %B+-%" &+5)0" 1/"8&1%$%5%-8)+&()
process improvements), existing insurance coverage and accounting

PSL "Y6"81"5%(4-’)"30) >1°0-% 1”) %E)K3#’0"3.1)+55%+-&6 1)?%-4)%8(31-0%+5 )

140-8’ OL) 1)?55)+1)7+O%"31)3& WT’ 01%-IW 1+ &e(%EL-’ 08+- To" &+5)"0,4 &B+- W819

?)+40’)#4-2%&,)-+0,’~'() W&T 1-#’ &-1) %&) 33-30" ="0%’ &-’ ()6"#/4+&%" 1)
+8&()1-+0-=3/1)7%+)"30)*’ 062)W’ &-30’ 1)O&7’ 1-# &-)F38&()+&()"30)P66" 5
”0+-"0)/0" 0+#19) @4’ )-"/%6)" 3) % 88" 7+-Jo" &)%o1)+-)-4’);"0" 0" &-)";)+55)"30)
activities. Externally, this is becoming particularly apparent through
"30) &? 2) O& &""74+-%" &) |’ &-’0) +-) DO"3/) 4’+(\3+.0-’ 01) %&) J+ 0#1-+(-<)
94 F%064)% 1)-")(7?5"/)%o8e~"+)& 365° 31)";)60’ +-%7%o-8)+-)* 0629) @4’ 4-6-%7%-%’ 1)
listed hold significant opportunities for us in the medium to long term,
$°8"&()-4’)3&(?058%&,);"0" 6+ 1-)/0%"(9

293013’}-4’)"//"0-3&%-%’ 1)-4+-}+0% 1’ H-&()1/’ 6% 38-4’ %O) >/6-’()
5376-1) %&)-4’) :"0°6+1-) 77'S &-) "3 &’-) 1457 1<) EBITDA)/0’)+&()
business free cash flow. Furthermore, we will actively seek new
"I"0-38&Jo-Jo’ 1<Y >+#%&’)-4? Fo) ToH SH Be—+- Fo" &+8e( (OMT -4’ #);"02+0()
94’0°)+//0"/0%+-’9)O;)"/"0-3& %-%? 1) +0% 1) Jo&) +((Yo-%o" &)-")-4’);"0°6-+1-)
C7°5"HP &-1<)"0)-4’ 1’)"6630)#"0’)\3%6258)-4+&)+&-%6%/+-’(<)-4%1)
could have correspondingly positive effects on our net assets, financial
1"1%-Jo" &)+8&()0? 135-1)";)"/°04-%"&19
W"#$ % 8? ()*+-&4,# &-)./"0-

150

!__!"#$ % &!%(!:RS#G'#-! @#M#H%$1#( *

Report on Expected Developments

The following report provides a forecast for fiscal 2019 of the devel=

"AP &-)";)-4’)* 062)D0"3/)+-&()%-1)-40" )$3 1 %&’ 11)16-"01Q)X’ +5-46-+40" <)

Life Science and Performance Materials.
@4’)1+5°)";)-4’)!"&13# 0) X’? +5-4)$3 1% &’ 11)-")RO"6-’0)E)D+#$5’)

(P&G) was completed as of December 1, 2018. The 2018 figures

already reflect this sale. For this reason, the sale has not been

0°6"0( (+1) +)/"0-;"5%")’ 33’ 6-)%o&)-4’ )6"#/+0% 1"&)";)-4’)3"0" 6+1-)2%-4)

the figures for fiscal 2018.

Merck defines organic earnings growth as currency-adjusted and
1'0-3"5%"=+(A31~’ (),0"2-49)P66"0(%&,58<)-4’)’ 33’6-1)0" 135-%&,);0"#)-4’)
first-time application of the new accounting standard for leases
YIFRS)16) are reflected in organic earnings growth.

FORECAST FOR THE MERCK GROUP)

)

Actual results

G)#%55%"& 2018 F"0’6+1-);"0)IML* Key assumptions
- Growth driven by Life Science and Healthcare, which more than offsets the )
U)F"(C0+-’)"0,+&%6),0"?-4 (65% &’)";)R’0;"0#+8&6’)*+-0%+5 1)
- Slightly negative foreign ex= U)F'0’ %,&)’ >644+&,”)’;;’6-)/0%#+0%58)0’ 135-%&,);0"#) 1’ 7’ 0+5)'# 0, %o&, )H#+02’-) )
Net sales L[<NKZ 64+&,”)’5;’6-)"3)U LT)-")U JT 6300’ &6%’ 1
U)RO"&"3&6’()"0,+&%6)/06’&- = —- Growth driven by Healthcare and Life Science, which more than offsets the )
+,”),0"2-4)%&)-4’)5"?)-’’ &1) (65%&’)";)R’0;"0#+8&6")*+-’0%451
O0+&,” U)F%01-=-%#" )+//5 %6+-%" &)" DFRS)LZ)?%-4)+)/" 1 %-%T 6" &-O%$3-F%o" &)";)+0"3&())
- Negative foreign exchange GLKM#%55%"&
*57°6-)"3)$’-7 &)U KT)+&() U)F'0’ %,&)’ >644+&,”)’;;’6-)/0%#+0%58)0’ 135-%&,);0"#) 1’ 7’ 0+5)'# 0, %o&, )H#+02’-) )
EBITDA)/0’ K<NMM UT 6300’ &6%’ 1)
Business free U)K%,4’0) EBITDA)/0’ )+&()/"1%-%T’)’ 536-1) %&)?"02%&,)6+/%-+5)";;1’-)4%,4’0) )
cash flow I<HMN U)F"C0+-")%&60' +1 T&T 1-# &-1)%&)/0"/ 0-8<)/S+&-)+&()’\3 Zol#? &-)4+1)?’55)+1)(%, %o-+5 %B+-%o" &)%o& Fo-%ot+-MT 1
8:;!47D:4 +//5%6+-%" &)";)-4’)+66"3&-%o&,)1-+&(+0() IFRS)LZ<)?4%64)6"&-+%&1)&’?)

F"0)-4’) *°062) D0"3/<) %&) IML‘) 2’) ’>/°6-)#"(0+-’) "0,+8&%6) 1+5°1)

0" 2-4) %o&)6"#/4.0% 1" &)?%-4)-4’ 10? 7%"3.1)8’ +0): %-4)0’ ,+0()-");"0? J 8)

6300” &6%’ 1<) 2”) 6"&-%o&3”)-")?>/°6-) +) 7" 5+-%5’)’ &T IO" &H#’ &-) (3’)-")
1"5Jo-To6+5)+&()#+60" 6" &"#%6)(°7'5'"/#’ &-19)_30);"0’6+1-);"0)IML‘)% 1)
based on an exchange rate of the euro against the U.S. dollar in the
04+&,’)";) LYLHUL9IM9) @4% 1) #’+&1)-4+-)-4’) ;"0 %,&)’ >644&,’)’3;’6-)
0"#)-4°) (7° 5" AP &-)";)-4’)'>644-&,’)04-’)$’-2? &)-4’)30") + &O)

the U.S. dollar is likely to be neutral when compared with the prior
8° +09) P55) -"5(<)4"2’7’ 0k) (3”) -")-4’) 3& +7" 0+$5’) -0’ &()"3)’>644+-&,”)
O+-71)"&)17°045),0"2-4)#4-02’- 1JU)C+-%&)P#’ 0%6+<)% &)/-+0-%635+0)U)?’)
*>16-)+)15%,4-58)&’ ,+-%T’);"0" %,&)’ >644+&,’)’;;’6-)"3)$?-2 &)U LT)
+&()UJT)24’ &)6"#/+0" ()?%-4)-4’ )/0’7%"3.1)8" +09)

:F3;@7!<":

EBITDA pre is our key financial indicator to steer operating business.
—&)+&)"0,+&%6)$+1%1<)2);"0’ 6+ 1-)+8&) %&60' +1’) %&EBITDA)/0’)%&)-4’)
5"2\("3$5’=(%,%-W’ 06’ & +, 0+ &,”);"0)-4’)*062)D0"3/)% & IML ‘)6"# =
pared with the prior year. This includes effects from the first-time

provisions on reporting for leases. Based on the current accounting
10""7%1%" &1)?%-4)0’ 1/6-")5’ +1 1<) EBITDAY/07)?%55)%&60" +1)$8}+-0"3&()
GLKM#%55%" &)6"#/+0’ ()2%-4)-4’)/0%"0)8’ +09) *"1-)";)-4’)’ 536-1) 2%55)
probably be accounted for by the Life Science and Healthcare business)
1°6-"01<)24%5’)-4”) o#/+6-)"&)R’0;"0#+&6’) *+-’0%451)+&() !"0/"0+-’)
+1)7°55)+1)_-4’0)?%55)$°)5? 11/0" &"3&6' (9

@4’)/0"A’6-’ ()-0’ &()";)’ >644+&,’ 0+’ 1)?%55)5%2’58)0 (36’) EBITDA)
/0°);"0)-4°) DO"3/) $8) $’-2"° &)U KT)+&()U JT) 6"#/+-0'() 2%-4)-4’)
10%"0)8’ +0)+8()2%55)-43 A+’ +)(% 1/0"/"0-%" &e-+-’) 33° 6-6" #/-+0" ()?%-4)
145? 1<V/+0-%635+058)%&)}-4’ )X’+5-4640" )$3 1 %&’ 11)1°6-"09):4%5’)?’ >76-)
the development of the euro against the U.S. dollar to be neutral for
-4’)D0"3/1b) EBITDAY/0’<)-4”)&’ +-%7’)-0" 8 ()";)6300’ &6%’ 1)"&)17° 045)
,0"2-4)#+02’-1)?%55)?’ %,4)"&)  EBITDA)/0°9)O&)-4’)43;’6-’ ()6"3&-0%’ 1<)
-4°)6" 1-)$-+1°)% 1)5"'2)0°54-%T)-" 145’ 1)"2% 8, +")" 3090" ,%" &+5)1-036-30" 19)
O&)+((%o-%o" & <)(3”)-" 4% 4A’ (,%0&,)6" 1-1<}-4’ VY #’0,%&, #402’ -)6300’ &
6%’ 140’ )&"-A’(,’(9)@4'0’ "0" <+-)6"#/’ & 14-%&,) ;;’6-);0"#)6300’ & 68)
4 (,%&,)O+8&"-)$')’>°6-(9
WHS %&?()* 4&4, # &-)/"0-

F>438:44!A"::!=74B!AD.J

For business free cash flow of the Merck Group, we expect a moderate)
0% 1") %&)IML‘) "2% &,)-")4%,4’0) EBITDA)/0’)+&()/"1%-%7’)’ :;°6-1):0"#)

!__!"#$ % & 1% (!:RS#G’ #-! @#M#H%$1#( *

151

the management of working capital. Both effects combined will be
+$5?)-"#"0’)-44-8)" 331-4’ )0% 1% 8&,)[&T 1-H &-1) %oEMO"/’ 0-85 54+. &-)+-&()
\3 %/# &-)+1)7 55)+1)(%, %-+5%B+-Jo" &)%o&%o-To+-TT 19)

FORECAST FOR THE HEALTHCARE BUSINESS SECTOR)

)

Actual results

G#%55%"& 2018 F"0’6+1-);"0)IML* Key assumptions
U)P-)5°+1-)1-+$5°) 145° DC7’5S"AP &-)"5)-4’ $+ 1 )$3 1% &’ 11) %&)"0,+&%6)-’ O#1)
- Substantial growth contribution of our newly approved products, particularly
*47 &65+( |; expected market approval in the United States has been taken into
U)F"(C0+-’)"0,+&%6),0"?-4 +66"3&-
U)¥"( 04-758) &’ 4+-%T );"0" %,&) - Negative foreign exchange effect due to trend of exchange rates on several
Net sales Z<I[Z °>644+-&,”)'5;6- ,0"2-4)#+02’-1
- Expected substantial earnings contributions from our new products, especially
*47° &O54+( | <)#"0")-44-&)"31°-)&? 4+-WT J#I>Y’ 53° 6- LI) +11"6%+~’ ()%-4)-4’/0"A’6-'()
(65% &’)"5).$%; | 14571
U)F"CO+-’ )%&60' +17) %&)O’ 1° +064)+& C7’ 5S"? &-)’ > & 1 1)(3’)-")-4)C7'5"7 =
# &-)"5)"30)/%P’ 5%o&’ <)$3-)("2 &) 8&0’ 5+-Jo" &)-")1+57 1)
U)RO"&"3&6'()"0,+8&%6),0"2-4) - Earnings contributions from the strategic alliance with GlaxoSmithKline plc of )
O4+-’)%&)-4’ )5"2=-"=#M(=-P& = approximately € 100 million and owing to license payments for Erbitux! )-4+-)
-% 1) 06’ &-+,’ )0+&,’ 70°)5"2’0)-4+&)’>/6-’()
- Strongly negative foreign - Negative foreign exchange effect due to trend of exchange rates on several
EBITDA)/0’ L<HHZ )>64+&,")’;;’6-) 50" 2-4) #402’ -1
U))% 1") %&BBITDA)/0’
Business free U)D&60'+1’)%&)-4’)5"2)-’"&1)) U)R" 1 %-%T’ )&’-)?"02% &,)6+/%-+5)’ 336-1) ¥ %&653(%&,)/"1%-WT )’ 3;’6-1);0"#)-4’)145’)"5)-4’)
cash flow L<MIH 1°06’ &-+,’ )0+&,” Consumer Health business)
8:;!47D:4 @4’)&’ +-%T’)’ +0& %o&,1)’3;°6-1)0’ 135-%&,);0"#)-4’ /0"A’ 6-0? 65%&’)

F"0)-4°)X?-+5-46-+0’)$3 1 %&’ 11)16-"05)?’) >/°6-H#"CO+-’)"0,4+6&%6)1+5" 1)
,0"2-4)%&)IML'9):’ YO" A’ 6-)+&)+-)5’+1-)1-+$5’ 145? 1)-0" &();"0)"30)$-+1’)
$31%&’ 119) @4’)/01% 1 -’ &-58) 1-0" &,)(°#+8&();"0)"30)/0"(36-1)% &)-4’)

"')?$%; } )145°1)14"35($8" H#"0" -4-4+8&)"531°-)$8) >/6-’ (<)13$1-+&-%45)
+08 %&, 16" &-0%$3-%o" & 1),0"#)"30)&’ 20" (36-1<V+0-%635+058) F+7°&654( | 9)
The disappearance of one-time effects from fiscal 2018 totaling some

General Medicine & Endocrinology business unit on the growth markets)
19055)H+2’ H+ A"0)6" &-0%$3-%" &)-")-4% 1)-0’ &(<)+1)?%55)"30)$3 1 %&’ 11)?%-4)
10" (36-1);"0)-4’)-0’ +-#° &-)";)% 8&3’ 0-%5%-80) @4' 1’ /"1%-%T’Y 33 6-1)14"35()

6" HP &14-’):"0)-4’) > 6 (7 65% &’ )%&) 145’ 1)";).$%; 1)4&()-4)6"& =
-%&3%sprice pressure on major markets in the Europe, Asia-Pacific,
and Middle East and Africa regions. Moreover, we expect our new
10"(36-1<)+$"7’)+55)*+7? &65+( 1, to make a significant contribution
to growth. For 2019, we forecast Bavencio! )1+5’1)-"-+5%&,)+)’30")
figure in the high double-digit millions and Mavenclad” 1+5’1)3/)-")+)
figure in the mid-triple-digit millions. These forecasts include the
*>6-’ ()#+02’-) +//0"7+5) "3) *+7’ &65+( 1 in the United States. In
/40-%635-+05)-4’ )3&;+7"0+$5’ 6300’ &68)-0’ &()"&)1’7’0-+5),0"2-4)#4+-02’- 1)
14"3505’+0-")+)#'"(C 0+-’58)&’ ,4+-%T’);"0" %,&)’ >644+&,’)’3;°6-)"&)
X’+5-46+0’)14+5°19

:F3;@7!<":

F"0)IML‘<)?’);"0’6+1-)"0,+&%6) EBITDAY)0’)";)-4’)X’+5-46+0’)$31%&’11)
1°6-"0)-")0’6"001-0"&,),0" 2-4) %o&)}-4’ )5"2=-"=#% (=-?’ &-%’ 106’ &-+,”)
0+&,”) 6" #/+0’ () 2%-4) -4’)/0’7%"31) 8’ +09) F"0’ %,&)’>644+&,’)’;;’6-1)
+0°)’>/°6-’()-")? %,A)4’ +7%58)"&) EBITDA)/0’9 ) )

GLNM#%55%" &)14"35()$" y#"0" )-44&)"331°-) $8)’ > 6-’ () +40& %&,1)6"& =
-0%$3-%o" 8&1) 0") -4’) +6-%T7 )#+-&+, # &-)"3)"30)/%ol’ 5% &’ +1 1-1) +&()

#95? 1-"&’)/48#’ &-19) @4’)6"&653 1%" &)";) +) ,5"$45) 1-0+-’, %6) +55%+&6’)
with GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) on February)H<)IML ‘<);"0)-4’ )A"%&-)
development and marketing of M7824 (Bintrafusp alfa‘) is an initial
#4+-A"0)6"&-0%$3-%" &) % &)-4% 1)0" 1/’6-9)F"0)IML ‘<)?’)’ >/’6-)+&) %&6"#’)
*52°6-):0"4 3/50" &-)6-+ 14 /+8#? &-)";H+0"3& (1G )LMM#9%55%" &)%&)"-4’0)
operating income. License payments for Erbitux! )-4+-)?’0’)5"?’0)
-44+&)’>1’ 6’ ()4+()-4) 33° 6-)"3)’ & 44+ 8&6%E&,)’ +0& %&,19).’1°+064)+&()

CTS" &-1)6"1-1)-")C775"')" 30 Mol? 5% &’ <Y’ 1? 6 F0+558)%o&) Wot#3. 8" & =
6"5",8<)2%55)6" &-%&3’)-")0%1’c)$+ 1’ ()"&)6300" &-);"0’6-+1-1)-4%1)-0’ &()% 1)
5%2’58)-")? +2’ &9)@4% 1)$3(,’~ 6" 1-)%&60' $1’) 154" TOK &()

"B)AYCT 5" &-)"3)65%0& T0645) (4+-+)+&()"&)/0%"0%-%B+-%" &) (6% 1%" &19)
?)451")’>/°6-)"30)#+02’-%&,)+8&() 1°55 %&,)6"1-1)-")%&60' +1’):30-4’ 0s)

(0%7’ & /0%#+0%58)$8)/0’ /+0+-%" & 1);"0)-4’)5+3&64)":)*+7 &654( 1 <)/40=
ticularly in the United States. However, we expect research and
CTS" &-)6" 1-1)+1)2°55)+1 #402’ -%&, + &() 155 %&,)6"1-1)-")? 65% &’)
"0)+-)5’+1-)O'#4+% &)1-+$5°)%&)O" 54-%"&)-")1457 19

“Bintrafusp alfa is the proposed International Nonproprietary Name (INN) for bifunctional immunotherapy M7824. )

Bintrafusp alfa is currently in clinical trials and not approved for any indication worldwide.
W"#$S%&?()*+&4, # &-)./"0-

152

F>438:44!A"::!=74B!AD.J

In 2019, we expect business free cash flow of the Healthcare business)

1°6-"0)-") 14") +8) %&60 +1”) %o8&)-4’) 5"2)-P &-%’ 1°06’ &-+,’)0+&,’9)

!__!"#$ % &!%(!:RS#G'#-! @#M#H%$1#( *

@A’ H+ %&)(0%T’01)2%55)$’)-4’)’ >/°6-’ (0% 1’ )%&) EBITDAY0’)+&(¥"1%-%7’)
CTS" &-1)")&’~)2"02% 8, )6+/%o-+5)Y %o&653(Jo&, "1 %-IWT’ Ys; 6-1):0"#)
the sale of the Consumer Health business).

FORECAST FOR THE LIFE SCIENCE BUSINESS SECTOR)

)

Actual results

G)#%55%"& 2018 F"0’6+1-);"0)IML* Key assumptions
- Process Solutions is expected to remain the main driver of growth, followed by
Applied Solutions
U))0,+&%6),0"?-4)15%,4-58)+$"7’) - Research Solutions will also make a moderately positive contribution to the organic
# (%o3#=-’ O#t)#+02’-),0"2-4) 145° 1)C7°S"/# &-
"S)[T)/9+9 - No material portfolio effect as a result of the sale of the flow cytometry business
- Slightly negative foreign ) - Negative foreign exchange effect, particularly on account of the development of
Net sales Z<LNH °>64+&,”)'3;6- *#°0,%&,)#+02’-)6300’ &6%’ 1
U))0,+& %6)%&6" #’),0"?-4)"&)+66"3.&-)"5)-4’)’ >/’6-’()14+5’ 1),0"?-4)+&()15%,4-)
U)).0,+&%6),0"?-4)0+&, %o&,);0"#) $4+0,%&)’ >/+&1%"&
1-0"&,)-")+)("3$5°=(%,%-0 = U)D&)+((%-%"&<)/"1%-%T 6" &-O%$3-%" &)-")"0,+& %6) %o &6"#’ ),0"?-4);0"#)-4’)12%-64)-")
6’ &-+,’)0+-”) IFRS)LZ
U)¥"( 04-58) &’ +-%T );"0" %,&) - Negative foreign exchange effect, particularly on account of the development
EBITDA)/0’ L<N[M °>64+&,”)'3;6- "SY # 0,%&,)#+02’-)6300’ &6%’ 1

Business free

cash flow L<K‘K U)}"C0+-758)$’5"?)IMLN)5’7°51

U)O#/O"7’()
Uy&60" +1") % 8) W&M? 1-H &-1) Yo&)O"/’0-85)/5+-8e-)+8()\3%/H# 8) %Be) 1-0+- ,%6)/0"A’6-1

EBITDA)/O”

8:;!47D:4

For the Life Science business sector in 2019, we project organic growth)
Jo 8) &’ -) 145° 1)"7°0)-4’)/0°7%"31)8’ +0) -4+-) 1) 15%,4-58)+$"7’ )# (Go3#= )
~ O#HH-02’-),0"2-4<)24% 64)?’ V3-+-}H+-0"3&()[ TY’ 0)8” +09): >/’6-)

+55)$31 %&’ 11)3&%-1)-")#+2’ +)/"1%-%T 6" &-0%$3-%o" &)-")"0,+& %6),0" 2-49)
In 2019, the Process Solutions business unit is again likely to remain
the strongest driver of organic growth, followed by Applied Solutions.
The Research Solutions business unit should also make a moderate
6" &-0%$3-%o" &)=")-4’ 145? ICTS" &-< 59? J-)-")4)5’ 110)’ > &--44+-&)

the other two business units. We sold the flow cytometry business
+-}-4’)’ &()";)JIMLN9)@4’)(%7 1-#° &-)2%55)&"-)4+7’ + #4-~’ 0% +5)/"0-3"5%")
53°6-9)I3? "407° 5" &-)"3)6300" & 6%’ 1)" &)7+0%"3 1),0"?-4)#+0 =
2’-1<) 7/0" A’6-)+)15%,4-58)&’ +-%T7’);"0" % 8)’ >64+&,’)’ 3376-9

:F3;@7!<":
In 2019, the Life Science business sector is expected to show a sharp
%&60' +1”) %&)"0,+& GBBITDA)/0’)-"-+5%&,) &’ +058) ("3$5’=(%,%-),0"2-4)

O+-? 1)6"#/+0’ () ?%-4)-4’)/0°7%"3 1) 8’ +09) @4’) 01% 1~’ &-58) (8&+#%6)
('#48()-0" &(<}+);30-4’0)15%,4-)% 860" +1) %&)-4’ H#-+0,%& 4+-&()-4’) IFRS)LZ)
536-1) ?%55)+55)6" &-0%$3-’)-")-4’)"0,+8 %6),0"2-4) %o&) %o&6"# 9)!" 1-)+&()
sales synergies from the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich were realized
+1)/5+8&&’ ()%o&)IMLN9)P55)-"5(<)-4’ 1’) 18&’0,%” 1)6-+#)-")G
No incremental synergies are expected for 2019.

In fiscal 2019, we forecast organic EBITDAY0’),0"?-4)";)-4’)\C%;’)
Science business sector that will be reduced by a moderately negative)
50° %,&Y >64+48,’) 37 6-<O%T’ &)S8P-4’ VC 7+53-+-%" &)" VT +5) #0,% 8, )
#+02’-)6300’ &6%’ 19

F>438:44!A"::!=74B!AD.J

We expect business free cash flow of our Life Science business sector)
-")$° #"? 0-4-58)$75"2)-4’ )0%"0=8" +0)5°7’59)X%,4’0) EBITDA)/0’)?%55)
$°)#"0°)-44&)"3;1°-)$8)%&T 1-#’ &-1)%&)1-0+-’ ,%6)/0" A’ 6-19)

yINM)#%55%"&9)
WHS %&?()* 4&4, # &-)/"0- !__!"#$ % & 1% (!:RS#G’ #-! @#M#H%$1#( * 1 53

FORECAST FOR THE PERFORMANCE MATERIALS BUSINESS SECTOR) —___O

) Actual results
G#%5S5%"& 2018 F"0’6+1-);"0)IML‘ Key assumptions

- Strong growth momentum in the Semiconductor Solutions business unit
U)).0,+& %6+558)#"(C 0+-’ 7 65%&’) U))"&-%&3%&,)/0%6’ )\(? 65 %&’ )%&)C%\3 %()!08 1-+5 1)$3 1 %&’ 11<)?4%64)% 1 )#%-%,+-’ ()$8)+)

30"#)-4’ )/0%"0=8" +0)5’7’ 5) ~’#/"0+08)0% 1’ )%&)7"53# )(3’)-")6+/4-6%-8)’ >/+& 1%" &1)";)63 1-"#’01)%&)!4% &+
U)F"0’ %,&)’ >644+-&,’)’3;°6-) - Neutral foreign exchange effect due to the development of the exchange rate )
Net sales I<[MZ 0"3,458)&’3-0+5 of the euro against the U.S. dollar

U))0,+&%6)4%,4)1%&,S’=(%,%-)-")

5"2)("3$5’ =(%, %-)/’ 06’ &-+,”) UO") %&)5 %\3 Fo()608 1-+5)/0%6’ 1)6+&&"-)$’ )"5;1-)$8),0"2-4)%&)"-4’ 0)$3 1 %&’ 1171) )
(65%&’) +&()+6-%7’ 6" 1-)#+-&+,'# &-
U)F'"0’ %,&)’ >644+-&,”)’5;°6-) - Neutral foreign exchange effect due to the development of the exchange rate )

EBITDA)/0’ ANZ 0"3,458)&’3-0+5 of the euro against the U.S. dollar
Business free Ul’ 65% &’ )%&)-4’)5"2)-""&1) )
cash flow HNN 106’ &-+,’ )0+&,” U)S'65%&’)%SHBITDA)/0’)
8:;!47D:4 "-4’0)$31%&’11)+0°+1)+&() 1-0%6-) 6"1-) (%16%/5%&’ 9) 1"&17\3’ &-58<) ?’)
?)5"0’6+1-) +)#"(0+-")"0,+&%6) 145’ 1) (765% &’) %&)-4’) R’0;"0#+&6’) *>/6-)-44+-)"0,+&%6) EBITDA)/0’)?%55)('65%&’) %&)-4’)4% 4) 1% &,5’=(%,%-)
*4-?0%+51)$31%&’ 11)16-"0) %&)IML‘)6"#/+0' ()?%-4)-4’ )/0%"0)8’ +09):’) -")5"2)-?? & 19/06’ &-+,” )O+&,” )%o&)6" #/+0% 1" &)?%-4)IMLN9)J3’)-")-4’)

+51" Y0O"A’6-)+)(O"/)%&)IL+5? 14+ &(/0%6’ 1)%&)-4’ \CM%\3 %()!08 1-+5 1)$31%&’ 11) development of the euro against the U.S. dollar, we expect a neutral
in fiscal 2019. Despite selected capacity expansion projects by our — ;"0’%,&)>64+&,’)’;;’6-);"0}4’ )R’0;"0#+&6’ )*+-’0%+51)$31%&’ 11)1’6-"9
customers, which benefited our Liquid Crystals business in recent

months and which are expected to continue providing a benefit in = F>438:44!A"::!=74B!AD.J

the first half of 2019, we expect that the price pressure characteristic) F"0)-4’)R’0;"0#+&6’)*+-’0%+51)$31%&’ 11)1’6-"0)?’);"0’6+1-)+)(65%&’)

"3)-4% 1)%&(31-08)6+&&"-)$’ )6"#/’ & 1+-’();"0)$8)6"00" 1/"& (Fok, )7"53#’) of business free cash flow in the low teens range, essentially as a
,0" 2-4) % & IML‘) +1)+)24"5°9) @4% 1) (77° 5"/#’ &-)6+8)/0"$4+- $58) &"-)$’) 0°135-)";)-4’)'>/° 6 ()&’ +-%T CTS" AP &-)"3) EBITDA)/0’9
"s:1°-) $8) ,""()'"0,+&%6) ,0"?-4) Yo&) "-4’0) $31 %&’? 11) +0’ +1) %-4’ 0s) ;"0)

*>44H/5°)"30)$3 1% &? 11)?%-4)V#%6" &(36-"O}HH+-’0%+51)"0) OLED9)I3’}-")

the development of the euro against the U.S. dollar, we project a =%&$%&,’ #!,(-!. LH&

&3-045)s"0" %o,&) >6448&," 33°6-);"0)-4’)R’0s"0#+&6" 40% 45 1)$31%EK’ 11 )

1°6-"0)%&)IML‘9 @4’)’>?’ &1?1);"0)!"0/"04-")+&()_-4’0)2%55<) %&)"30)"/%&Fo" &<)14"2)+&)
Jo8&60" +1") %o8&)-A’)5"2=-"=#%(=-”” &1)0+&,")"&)+&)"0,+& 6)$+1% 1) %&)IML‘9)

-F3;@7!<"; @4% 1) %&60" + 1’) ?%55)$’)$+ 1’ ()"&)+):30-4’ 0)’ >/+8& 1%" &)"3)"30) %o8 Be" +-Mo" &)

_30)R’0;"0#+86’)*+-’0%+5 1)$31%&’ 11)1’6-"0)?%55)/0"$+$58)8&"-)$”)+$5°) +8()(Jo,Jo-+5%B+-%o"&) To& %o-Jo+-WT’ 19)P),0’ +-0)3"631)"&)-4’)6"1-1)"3)-4’)

to absorb the expected decline in sales of the highly profitable Liquid = +(#%&%1-0+-%7’);3&6-%" & 1+ &()13$1-+&-%+558)0’ (36 ()1-0+%&);0"#);"0" %,&)
108 1-+51)$31%8&’ 11) %&)IML‘<)(1/%-)+),""()" > 6" OC 75" &-) %&) °>644+.&,’)’:;°6-1)+0’)5%2’58)-")/+0-58)"3;1’-)-4’)%&60' +19)
154 W"#S"#% B(OH G+,” 1 IHS ENON E44 GR, +H! -C MH (%) !012* 1314195!" #16#&7*)!8% 7 THR +(*9!8 %,#!3:654

Report in accordance with
Section 315a (1) of the German
Commercial Code (HGB)

= (2"00"12+3(2+1"#4% 82" +( 25 ( $H#"*26'6(2+( %,,"#6% +,’ (128.( 5? ,& 2" +( "(8 (5.J0# (, S28 MOH SHS? +8’ O(2+(&.’(*" 8 FC.’ (E#82,0°5("(E55",2%&2" +
789% (:83("(&e.’ (#4 %+(1"44'#,2%0(1"6" (:<)= (Go+6(&.'(?>$O%+WE"HM— "M(B.(,"4$%+IC+,"4$I%S5 (Wo @ &."#2N’ 6(To+6(,"+8243’+&(, [$2K MVE
#$"H8(S@HS @ Fo+&(&"(S’ &2"+(SABB(S?+& +,’ (8("&. ()'#4%+(C&",D( <2 (N>’, @&2” (= "GHO(25 (Jo @ &."#2V'6(8e" (24H 5’ (&.","ASM+ NS (5. otf? (
"4$"#% &2"+(E,& (ED&):F (Jo$ 28. FoO(128e.(8e.” (oS$H#"* WOM &.’ (C@S'H#*25"#2(=" WHO (Jo+6("/(NF (Q’#,D (R)(

"4, CHES’ Fok’ 602 @$(&" (Jo+6(2+,0 @624+3(E$#20TAHUIPII(G2(@ $(8&" (Jo( 8" & %0(
E5("/( &.’(G%0%+,'(5.”” &(6%8& H( &.’ (,"4$%+715 (5 @G5,#2G’ 6( ,%$2& %0(25( "/(O (SBH9ISH8ILF8K(G2( 255 @2+3( +’ 1(+"M$%#( *%0@ ’(G’ M# #5. KH’ 5(
62*26’6(2+&"(8JKHILJHI98(+" M$ %#(*%0 @ ’ (G’ M#’ #5. %#’ 5($0@5("+'(#3 M against cash and/or non-cash contributions (“Authorized Capital
25&’#' 6(5.%# F(N%,.(5. Jo (8. /"# ("HP 5$"465( &"(O (8FT7P("/(&.’( JP8A];3F(0242&’ 6(02%G2028&2(5.Jo#’ ."067H5(5.%00(G’ (3° +’#%002(3#%+&’ 6(&.’(
5. [oH (,Jo$2&MOE(-.’ (."06' #("'/(&.’ #3258 # 6(5.%o# (25(NF(Q’#,D(=’&’202 M  5&%& @&"#2H23.&(&"(5 @G5S,H2G’ (&"(&.’ (4? 15. So SF(<" 1 H(&.’ (N>’, @&2*” (
3@43°+ (R)F(S&(25(7+& 280" 6( %+6("G023’ 6( &"( %$$"24+8("+? M&.2#6("/( &."( ="%oH6(25(Yo @ &."#2V 6H(12&.(&.’ (Wo$$H#!"* VO" &.’ (C @$'#*25"#2(=" %HOH( &"(

VAG?HS("/(&.’ (C@S’H*25"#2(=" HOH SHS’ +&243(&.’ (02428 6(02%G20282( ">,0@6(&.’ (0242&’ 6(02%G202& 15. UH’ ."06' #515 @GS H2SK2" + (#23. 8(2+(/@00 "(2+
5% "OOHSE(S/(&. ("06 HC' 8. 3258 # 6(5. To’ (25(%(3' VHD GDHE+ HA = SHHB(D+(,%0S ("( ol, $2 MO(2+,#? FOS’ (Wo3%2+5 &(,%05.(," + SHG @&2"+5($@#S@ M+&
OCHS? I05(4"(5 @,.(423.8("( Jo$S"24+ 84 +8F(-.” (HM +5/ HM &.( &"("#(G2%+%0"3" @5(%$$02,%&2"+("/(5’,&2"+(SXB7(5'+&'+,(L (ED&)(2/(
#3258 # 6(5. Si T @2# 5(&.(,"4$% +215 (JoS$H#" * TOF.’ (W$$H#"*FO(25( &."(255@ (SH2,’ ("8.4 L(5. SH’ 5(25(+"&(5 @G5&%+82%002(0" V'H#(&. H+ (&.(

3H % +8.’ 6(o8(&. (5"0? (625,4# &2"+("M(&.’($H#5"+F0002(02%GO (3 #WO(SMHEH( 58", D(?>,.% 43" (GH2,’ ("M(B (,"4$-%+IS(5. TH’ 5( TOP %62(025&’ 6(Jo+6(2/

12& (Jo+(’T@2& (248 #’ S&H(+%4’ 02(0NB’#,D (R)F &.'(471(5. Sol’ 5(1.2,.( To? (255 @ ’6(@+6'#(’ >,0@52"+("/(&.’ (5 @GS,H2$82"+(

#23.&(6"(4"&(’>,” 6(Jo(S#"S"#&2"+%0(JoA" @+8("(BPY("&.’(5.%# (,%$2R%O
U@#S @ %+&( &"( 8.’ (Q4/"#4 TR" +( "(#243 (H23.&5(5 @GA2K&’ 6 &"( @5(24RE.H( 8B.” (&2A4’ ("l(&.’ (E@ &."#2N’ 6(1% $28 O(IPSA (&%D243(? 1” ("Ho

Fo,,"#6 T+,’ (128.( 8.’ ()’ HAM +(C’ , @H2&2’ 5(#%6243(B,& — (:V$<):H("'+( &.(&2A4 ("&. (E@ &."#2V 6(! %$2& TO IPSA(G’2+3(@ &202\ 6F(-.25(#’ 5&H#2,82"+(

W’4G’#(7SHUPSXHG"(5.%#? ."06°#5(" 14’ 6624 ,8c("H2+624" 8e(24*” 5& M  &(SPY("/(8&."(5.%o# (,%$28%0(5.%00(2+,0 @6’ (&.” (GH"$"#82"+%0(%4" @ +8"

A+ &5(°>,76243(SPY("/(&.’ (#"&243(#23.85F &.°(5.%H (,T$28T00( 8. To8(25 (TB &H2G @ & FoGO (8&"(S. oH’ 5(1.2,. (WH (255 @’6(@+6°H(
*>,0@52"4("( &.’(5@GS,#2$82" +(#23.8( "#(5"06( 6 @#243( &."(&HA(" &.’(

E,,"#62+3(8" (&.’ (E#&2,0'5("(ES5",2%&2"+("(Q’#,DH(&.’ (3+ #WO GUHA HS( E@&."#2\'6(1%$2&%0( JPSA(G%5’6("+( Jo+( % @&."#NG&2"+( &"(255@'( +1

+" 8(."06243( Zo+(7T@28 248 #58 1."(/"#4( &.’(N>?, @ &2* ( =" WHO Tot ( 5. Fol’ SC"H(S’00("°14(5. Zo’ 5(G262H" &("#(Jo+ %0"3" @5(%$$02,%&2"+("(5’ 82" +(

Jo6A2& 8’ 6(G2(NFQ’#,D (R)(128.( 8." (" +5? +8" Jo( 52490? (4%Z" #282" 8XB(:7:(5'+&’ +,’ (L(ED&)F(_ @#&.’ HH &.25(# 5&H#2,82" +(5.%00( %05"(2+,0@6'(

&.’( "&H(3’ 4 H#IOO(SUH#S+’ HSP(E($ HS" +(4% UG’ (3 HU (SHR H+" &( &.(SH"$" #82" + %0( Jo" @+8("( 8.’ (5. Jo# (, J$28M%O( 8. %o8( 25 ( Fo &H2G @ & %GO (&"(

"06243 (Fo+( T@28 (248 # 58 ("0% H(S.” (25(0S"(F(3' HMO SHH H( 5-H 5(1.2,.(4%A"H(A@ 58(G’ (255 @ ’6(24+("HO’H(&"(S’#*2,’(G"+65(, SoH? M

"(NF(Q’#,D (R)F(S+(% 66282" +H (Yo 8 (8. (S#"$"5%OCHND’#,D (RY(%+6(12&(——243(Fo(,"4P #52" +("H(" SBD" (423. 8C"H(F0(," HS2"+("H(" $82" +("GO23 %&2" +H(
&."(TOS$H#"*Fo0(" I JOOO(3’ + #IOO( SUH Se+’ #5(+4" 8(.."062+3( M+ T@2&(2+.&’# S&H (2M &.’(G"+65( Wi (255 @’6( 6 @H2+3( &.’(& HA "M(B. (E@ &."#2N’6( 1%$2&%O(
/@#87HS'HS"+5(L." (Fo (4"&(3’ HT (SHE HS(+" &(."06243(S+(T @2KH( JP8A(@+6°H(>,0@52"+("/(&.’ 02428’ 6(02%G202& (5. GH’ ."06°H51(5 @G5,#2$&2"

248 #’ 5&(4% NG’ (W$$"24+.&’ 6(&"(&.’(N>’,@ &2* (=" GHOF #23.8(G2%+I00"3" @5(W$$02, %&2"+("(5’ 82" +(8XB7:(S'+&'+,(L  (ED&)F(
$&(25(02D’ 125’ ($"552GO' (&"(’>,0@ 6’ (&.’ (5 @G5,#2982" +(#23.&("(&. (0242&’ 6(
-. (E#&2,0°5("/(E55",2% 8&2" +(, So+(G’ (%4’ +6’ 6(G2( Jo #5"0@ &2"+(G2(&.( 02%G202& 15. %#t”."06°#S(12&.(&.’ (%$SH"*T0(" (Be. (C @S'H*25"#2(=" SHOQH(K.’ (

E++@%0(Q?? &243(&.%o8(#'T @ 2H’ 5( 8. (TSSH#"* WO". (BHT SITHSAHSE( .%5°"M(, WSL 02+. %5’ 5 (B.H#" @3.(4"+M, %5.(,"+8H2G @ &2"+5H($%H#E2, @O%HOM
["& 128. 5& %+6243( %+Y SH To& @ &"# 1 SH"*252"4+5(8"(8.(,"+CHGHIMB.(HML 1" (B. G @HS"S’ ("MGT @2H243( +8 HSHIS’ SHS WHET ("+8 HGHIS’ 5("H(2+8&’# M
0@&2"45("(&.’() 4 #F0(Q’&2+3( Tet (%6"$&’ 6(G2( Fo(524$0 (4%Z" #281" S&S(24( +8 HSH25’ SF(S+(%66282" +H (128. (8. (M$S#"* FoO("M(&.’ (C@S’ #25" #1
&.(#" 85, oS &E(V.'# (8. (0% 1H’ T @2#’ 5 (Jo(, F$28 MO(AWL" #28 2(24(%66282"+( ="%HOH( &.’ (0242&’ 6(02%G202&'( 5. %#’."06HS1(5 @G5, #292" +(#23.85(,%+(G'(
&"(&. ("8243(4%Z"#2& TAH 5"0@ &2" 45 (Tot (%O6"$&’ (GH Jo(524G0" (4%Z" #2 °>,0@6'62+("HO'HE"C+%GO NE Q'HD (RY &"C>'H25° (2&5(H23.8($ @#5 @M4-&
WHS" HG & ("H+ G+,” 1 IHS RN + GR) +H! -C VHF (%)

&"(EH#82,0° (TITS 8.” (E#8&2,0° 5" E55", 2% 82" +" 8." ("49% &"(
$%#&2,2$%8 (2+(Jo(, To$2& 02+. %5’ (GH255 @2+3(5. oH’ 5 "HUH 02 SHIM #
JoGO (5. %H#’ (5 @GS,42$82" +(#23.85F

$&(25(02D’ 125’ ($"552G0(&"(’>,0@6’ H(12&.(&.’ (W$S#"* LOU &.’(C@$’# M
*25"#2(=" SHO (&.’ (5 @G5 #2882" +(H23..&("(&.’ 02428’ 6(02%G2028 15. GH’ ." 06
"H5(2-+( "HO"H(&"(+I%0G0"(NE(Q’#,D (R)(8"C?>°#,25’ (2&5(#23.8($ @#5 @%+8( &"(

!012* 1314195!" #16#&7*)!8%7TH&+(*9!8 % #132654

155

=) (E#&2,0°5("( E55" 2% 82" +( %05"(?+,"4$%55(,"+82+3’ +&(, %$2E%OF(-.’(
5.To# (,Jo$28&%O0( 25(,"+&243'+&01( 24,4 %5’ 6( G2 @$( &"( OBBHLPBHIKXFLP(
62*26’6(2+&" (OSHPXB8HABX(5.%#’5(:1"+8243’ +8 (!%$2& GO(S:F(-.’(,"+&243' +8 (
Jo$28eTo0( 2+ ff ToS" (S°H#5( Be" 3#% +8" >,. 43" (#23.85(&"(NFE(Q’#D (R24
Fo," #6T0+,’ (128. (E#&2,0°(77("( &.’ (E#82,0°5("/(E55",2% 82" +( &"(°+%G0" — (
8." HS2" +285 T@2E N48’ S&P(-.’(5. Lot’ 5(, Lott 1(62* 26" +6(H23.85(

E#&2,0077 ("/(&.’ (E#8&2,075("/(E55",2% 8&2" +(&"(,"+" #&H(24+(/ @00("#(24($%#&H( from the beginning of the fiscal year following the year in which the

2&5? T@28&2(2+ 87 # 5&(2+&"(5. M# (,F$2K OF

Q"#" FA(12&.(&.’ (Vo$$H#" * VO" &.’ (C@$’#*25"#2(="%HOH(&.(5@G M
SA2$&2"+(#23.&("M(&.’ (0242&’ 6(02%G202& 2(5. St’ ."06'#5(, + (G’ (’>,0@6’6(2/(
Jo+-6(8"( 8.7 > 8? +8e(&.25(25(4" , 55 Wot ?( Be" (BG +8.’ (."06H#5("H(# 628"#5(
"UH HS2" + ("HC "$82" +( 423.85 ( Fo+6'"H#(&. ("067 #S( "HC O2K"#5("/(
financing instruments carrying conversion or option obligations,
1.2,.(V# (#(Go#’ (255 @’ 6(G2(&.’(,"4$%+2("H(G2(Fo(6"4’ 5&2, ("#V"#? 23+(
s"4$%+M2+(1.2,.(&.’"4$%+2(62# ,8&02("#(24+62#? ,8&02(."065(&.’ (4A%Z"# M
2828.’ (*"&’ 5(Yo+6(, F$2& MOH (%(S @ G5, #2$K2" +(#23.&(&"(&.’ 7 >&’? + &(&"(1.2,.(
&. 21" @06(G’ 7 +& 2&0? 6(Fo/ &’ H(&.’ (>? #25? ("1B ("FO HS 2" +("H("SH2"+(
#2385 ("H( Jol 8 HB.” (SHA I+, ("MJo(," #52" +("H("$&2"+("G023%&2"+F

N%o5 & OPA (12&.(&.’ (Po$S#"* %O("M(&.’ (C@H'H#*25"#(="THOH(&.’ (5 @G5,#2$K2"4
#23.&('M(&.’ (0242&’ 6(02%G202& 2(5.%t’ ."06'#5(, F+(G’ (’>,0@ 6’ 6(2+("#6'#(&"(
*>,0@6’ (/#%,&2"+%0(%4" @+&5 (/#"4(&.’ (5 @ G5, #2$&2"+(#23.&F

-2(5@A("U5. SH 5(255 @’6("+(&. (G%525("(&.’ (E@ &."#2N’ 6(!%$2&%OIPSA(
@+6'#( >,0@52"+("H(&.’ 02428’ 6(02%G2028& (5. %o#’."06'#S1(5 @GS,#2$82"+(H23.8(
A@S&(4"&(>,” 6(Jo(S#"$"#&2"+F00(%4" @ + 8("/(IPY ("M(&.’ (5. TH (,%$2E GOH (
G2(& %D2+3(2+8"(Jou," @+8("&.#(5.Jo#’ SU &.’(,"4$%+2(1.2,.H(6@H2+3(

&.’ (8 HAC" 8.’ (E@ &."#2V 6(1%$2&%O(JPSAH (SH (5"06("#(255 @ ’6( @+6'#(
*>,0@52"+("(&. (5 @G5,#2$82" +(H23..&("#( Tot’ (&"(G’ (255 @’6( @+6'#(G"+65(
255 @’6(%o/&’ HE$H20TXHUP8A(@+6’#(’ >,0@52"+("(&.’ (5 @GS,#2$&2" +(#23.&a(

PHS" 4("G2"4(25(°>7H,25° OF

QU# HA 8&. (5. %# (,%$2& %0( 25( ,"+& 243? +&02( 24,4 M5’ 6( G2 @$( &"(
O(8BHXP8HLK8FIP(,"4$"5’6("/(@ $(&" (SJHKILHIIL(+" ($%#(*%0 @ ’(G’ Yo #(

5. Jo 5!" +8243’ +8(!%$2.8& %0(SS3F(-.25 (24,4? 5? (2H(,"+& 243’ +8, %$2&%O(25(
"4.0(&"(G? (24$0°4’ +&’6(24+5"/%oH(To5(&.’ (G? Wo HSH O28" #5" /("$&2" +(

"HC "4° #52"4( 423.85 ("HC 128.( %+("GO23 %&2"+( &"(,"4 H&("#C>?H25’(
options on warrant bonds, option participation certificates, option
$%H#&2,2$%&2" +(G"+65H(,"+"*’ #&2G0’ (G"+65H(6,"+* #&2G0’ ($ %#&2,2$% &2" 4M #
tificates or convertible participation bonds issued against contribuM
&2"+5(&. 8 (Wo (255 @’ 6("#(3@ WHM+&”’ 6(GHK.’(,"4$%+2("H#(o(5 @G"#624+-M&’ (
YE" @$(,"4$%+2("-+( &.’(G%525("/(&.’ (Fo @ &."#NG2" +(#'5"0@ &2" $"M &.’(
E++@%0()’ +°#%0(Q?? &243("/(E$#20(JAH(JP8X(&"(E$#20(JBH(JPITH( @ &202\’(
their option or conversion rights or, to fulfill their conversion obligation(
or obligation to exercise options insofar as they are obliged to fulfill
So DHHS 2" +H" $82" + >? H#,25" ("GO23 %&2" +H ("H#(245"/OH#(WOS(&."(,"4  M
$%+2 >? #25" 5(JoH("$&K2" +H(1."002("H(2+($%H#SH('/ BHI +243 (5. oH’ 5(24+(&.’(
3"4$%+2(24+5&’ %6("/($%2243(&.’ (S@A4(H4" +? 216 @’ (Yo+6(&"(&.’ (7 >&7+&(
&.%o8(24(? %o,(,F05’ (Fol, %05.(5° & 804? +8 (25(+" &(3H#%+&’ OH ("#(" 14(5. SoH’ 5("#(
other forms of fulfillment are used. Each issue of new shares shall
& ICD’ ($0%,’ (Vo8(&.’ 6’ 8 #424’ 6("$82"-+("HG" + #52" +(GH2,’ H(S @#5 @ %+-&(K"(
&. (Tol"# 4 +82"+’ 6 (Fo @ &."#NG 8&2" +(#' 5"0@ &2" +F(-. (4 15. %H# 5($%H#R2, M

&.25(0242& %&2"+(5. %O0(%$$O2(G" & (To &(&.” (&24 ("(&.25(% @ &."#2\%&2" +(&(%Dipate in the profit from the beginning of the fiscal year in which they

MD” Be To+6(To8( 8." (824 ("I(&.25(Jo@ &."#2N% 82" +(G243(’>’#,25’ OF

"(82 (7> 8 + 8( &. Lo8e( &." (5 @GS,H2$.82" +(#23.8e(25(+"&(’>,0@6'6( @+6'#(&.’(
%G"*? (SH"*252" +5H(28(4%2(Jo05"(G? BH%+&’ 6(&K"(&.’ (0242&’ 602 %G202.8 (5 .KEH?
"067#5(G2(1% ("I Jo+( 24624 ,8( 5 @G5,#2$K2" +(#23.&($@#S @ %+&( &"(5'M

Tot (HP To8’ 6a(2+5"/ JoH#(%5 (&.25(25(0’3%002($' #42552G0’ H(&.’(N>’, @&2* (="%H6(
4% TA 128&.( &.’ ( P$$H#"* %O("/( &.’ (C@PH#*25"#( =" ToHOH( o+6(2+(6?*2%&2" +(
/#"4(5’,&2"+(BP (:J(ED&)H(5&2$ @0%&’ (&. Vo8(&.’ (+? 1(5. %o#’ 5(%05" ($%#S BD
$%&’in the profit for a past fiscal year. The Executive(="%#6(25(% @&."M
NV 6H(128&.(&.” (W$$H#"* %O("(&.’ (C@S' #*25"#2(=" %H6(%+6("(NF (Q’#,D (R)H(

&2"48XB(:9;(ED&)("HH(2+($%H#EH(G2(1%2("/( Fo 62H’ ,8(5 @ GS, #2$K2" +(#23. 8H (&" (5&2$ @OME’ (Ke. (| @HE.’#(6’ & %205("M(&.” (24904 +8 M2" +("M( 8.’ (2+ VS (

Jo+6("&.#125° (G2 1% 2" Jo+(2+62H’ ,8e(5 @G5,#2$&2" +(#23.8( $@#S@%+&( &"(
5°,&2"+(8XB (:9;(ED&)F

_@#&/#4"# H(&.’ (N>’, @&2* (="%H6(25(% @ &."#N’ OH (128. &. ( W$$H#"*70(
"(8 (C@$’#*25"#2(=" HOH &" (6 &HA2+? (&.” ( 066282" + %0(6? & %205("M(&.’(
5To$28Jo0( 2+,# To" ( To+6( 28&5( 24904? +8 %&2" +H 2+,0@6243( &."(," +8? + &('(
#23.85(To8&&%,."6(8"(8. (5. To? 5(JO5(L’ 00( Fo5( Be. (Be #45 (M+ 6(,"+62K2"+5("/(
&.'(5.Jo#’ (255@’F

24(,"+824+3'+&(,%$2&T0E

= "A$ %+225(+" &(% @ &." #2’ 6(&"(Jo,T @2H (285 ("1+(5.%H#’ SF

= ("ASTON ToS (4" 8°48 #624 &"(o+UAM HATO T3#’ 4’ +8&5(5 @GZ’ ,&e(
&"(Jol,. 043 ("." + &H#"O(G @H5 @ %+8( 8" (o(& ID" HCP HA" H(. 05 (28? +8 # 6(
24+ 8" (Tot W,"49? +5 % 82" +(o3H 4’ +&5(128. (8. (4’4G'HS("/(&.’ (N>?, @&2*(
="%HO"#C AGONY ?5(24(8 (0 +8 "(Jo 8D? HCP HE
"HS %&()*+&+,# &-).7"0- HHS FH +&,-(M$K'NK/OL

156

123("!$" !(00&,#( 0/!4$%5!%5/!13/,-C 16&--/,0$()!6&#/!7839:

Additional Information on
Merck KGaA in accordance with the
German Commercial Code (HGB)

12° HH S&e-+,’#’ &-)0’/"0-)"3)* 045 )67+8)2+9)$"’ & A" #$%&’ ():%-2)-2’)
Group management report. The annual financial statements and the
A"HS %o&’ (4&4, &-)0?/"0-)"3)-2’)*?045)70" 3/)+8&()*?045 )67+8)
for 2018 are being filed with the electronic German Federal Gazette
(elektronischer Bundesanzeiger) and are available on the website of
-2)T O#+&)4"#/4.& <0’ ,.%9-0=

#045 )67+8>)2’+(2;4+.0-'0" ()%&)@+0#9-+(->)%9)-2’ +0" &-)A"H/+&<)"3)
-2’)*°045)70"3/=)A&)+((%-%" &)-")Jo-9)3;84-%o" &)+9)+)2"B(Go&,)4"#/4+8<>)
#045 )67+48),’&’0+-’() 9+B’9) %&)-2’) C’+B-24+0’ >) D%3’) E4%’ &4’) +&()
F’°03"0#+8&4’ )*-+-’0%+B9)$;9%&’99)9"4-"09=)*"045-)67+8)$’+409)+)9%,&%3 G
icant portion of the Group-wide research and development costs, +&()
*#/B"<9)-2’ #+H"0%-<)"3)-2’ I> JJIG/B:9):"053"04’) % &) @+0#9-+(-=

The financial statements of Merck KGaA have been prepared in
accordance with the provisions of the German Commercial Code
KC7L ), as amended by the German Accounting Directive ImplemenG
-+-%" &)84-)KL9B7 ), and the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG).
The full version of the annual financial statements together with the
unqualified auditor’s opinion has been submitted to the operator of
the electronic Federal Gazette (elektronischer Bundesanzeiger),
:2°0°)-2’<)+0’)/;$B%92’ ()+&()3"0:+0(° ()-")-2’)!"#/4+8&<).”,%9-’0=

:Jo(Jol-I° Fo\8" 6&,<8,(%l!3&=1,°(0/

The Statement of Corporate Governance according to section 289a
"3)-2° 7’ O#+8&)! "HF 04%+B)!"( )K C7L ) is contained in the “Corporate)
Governance” section of the Annual Group Report.

>4+4/0%?!&+!-(%l, $0 10&-<? @(A,// B
ments on the net assets, financial
<& IS US$ E&’ NC #!/IC) F&A! &</,(V$&’?!

;D*EBFGG!FG!FD>H"I*E3!9J;*E>;;!"61*K*1*>;!FG!I8>!
9J;*E>;;!;>6IFH;!"EL!I>.DFH"HM!N>";>9"62!FG!I8>!
;DJEBFGG!9J;*E>;;!"61*K*I*>;

As part of the strategic development of Merck KGaA, the existing
operating activities of the Healthcare, Life Science and Performance

*4-°0%-+B9)$;9% &’ 99)9’4-"09):%o-2%o &)* 045 )67+8)-",’-2’0):Jo-2)-2’ )0’B’ G
vant assets and liabilities (hereinafter: “operating sectors”) were spun
off at their carrying values into three separate companies (hereinafter:)
“OpCo” or plural “OpCos”) with the legal form of a GmbH or German
limited liability corporation (operating spin-off). This operating spin-off)
is based on the spin-off and takeover agreement concluded between
Merck KGaA and the OpCos in notarized form on March 2, 2018.
Following approval by the 2018 Annual General Meeting, the operG
++ Jo8&,)91%o&G"33)-""5)/B+4’):%-2)'4" &"#%4)’ 33° 4-)+9)"3)INIJ —-)2";09)"&)
O0+&;+0<)I>)PJIQ=

Ad (Jo+-’ BX) +3-’0) -2’) 9/%&G"33)-""5)33’4->) BB) 92+40’9) 2’ B() $<)
Merck KGaA in the respective OpCos were transfered to holding comG
/+&%’9 via a further spin-off (holding company spin-off), as a result)
of which the OpCos are each indirectly held by Merck KGaA via an
To8&-’ O# (Jo+-’ )2"B(Wo&, A"#/+8&<=)12’ +47; %0% &,B’ +BY &-Jo-J’ 9): Jo-2%&-2’)
94"'7°)"3}-2’ )2"B(%o&, )4"#/+8&<)9/%8&G"33):’ 0’ )*’045)C’ +B-24+0°)C"B(%&, )
GmbH for the business shares of Healthcare OpCo, Merck Life Science
Holding GmbH for the business shares of Life Science OpCo and
*°045)F’03"0#4+-&4’)*+-’0%+B9)C"B(%&,)T#$C)3"0)-2’)$:9%&’99)92+0'9)
of Performance Materials OpCo (referred to individually as “HoldCo”,
independently of the sector, and jointly as “HoldCos”). To this end,
Merck KGaA and the HoldCos signed a notarized spin-off and takeover
+,0°°# &-)"&)*4042 ——_-)P>)PIIQ=)12”)2"B(W&, A"#/+8&<)9/%&G"33)"5VB+4’—*)
:Jo-2)° A" 8e"#%4)'33°4-)4+9)"3)INIJ)2" 309)" &)O+&;+0< )I>)PJIQ=

E% 8&4’ )-2’)~’42.& %44B)9<9-’#)0’ 2; %0°#? &-9)3"0)-2’) %&-0"(4-%" &)"3)
the sector-specific R.F systems as regards the OpCos were not in
place at the time of the spin-off, the business activities spun off to
the OpCos have been temporarily leased back by the relevant OpCos
to Merck KGaA until the introduction of the sector-specific R.F )9<9G
tems. For this purpose, also on March 2, 2018, Merck KGaA entered
into a business leasing contract with the respective OpCo with ecoG
&"#%4)’33’4-)+9)"3)INIJ)2"309)"&)O+&:+0< — )I>)PJIQ>)-")B’+9’)$+45)+BB)
the operating business previously spun off to the OpCo. Under the
terms of the respective business leasing contract, Merck KGaA leases
the entire operation from the respective OpCo, as well as all fixed
assets in this context; it acquires the current assets as well as certain
liabilities and provisions at their carrying amounts under German
A"## 04%+B)B+:=) 12’)$:9%&’99)B’ +9’)+BB":’()-2)9/%&G"33)#’ +9;0°9)
to be implemented for all OpCos with economic effect at a uniform
time, 0:00 hours on January 1, 2018, while retaining the flexibility
of transitioning the management of the relevant operating business
W#$% 8? (*+&+, # &-)./"0- Sa HHS FH +&,-(M$K''NK/OL

in accordance with the sector-specific R.F_ introduction at an individual)
time to the OpCo in question in a targeted manner. On the basis of
-2’)"04+-%&,)B’ +9’) 4"&-044->)*°045 6748): %BB)-"#/"0+0%B<)4"&-%&:’)
-")"? 04-")-2’)9/;&G"33) $:9%&’ 99) +9) +)B’ +9’ 2"B(?0) %&) %-9)":8) &+#’)

and for its own account. Once the relevant R.F systems have been
introduced for the respective OpCo, the business lease with this OpCo
will be terminated and the business previously leased out will pass
to the OpCo.

127}43"0'# &-%" &’ (9/%&G"33)+& ()$;9%&’ 99)B’ +9%&,)A" &-0+4-9)3" O#)
part of an overall entrepreneurial concept. They were submitted to
the General Meeting of Merck KGaA for approval on April 27, 2018
(2018 Annual General Meeting) as a coherent restructuring measure
and approved by it. The gradual implementation of the measures is

123("!$" !(00& ,#( 0/!4$ %5!%5/!13/,-C 16&--/,0$()!6&#/!7839:

157

due to be completed in 2020. In 2018, the Healthcare OpCo changed
Jo-9)B’ ,+B)3" 0#)-")-2+4-)"3)+)7 O#+&)4"0/"04-%" &): Jo-2),’ &’ 0+B)/+0-&’09)
(“Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien”) and has since been trading
;8&(°0)-2’ )&+4)"3)*045)C’ +B-24+0" )67+8>) @+0#9-+(-=

12’)-+$B’)$°B":)92":9)-2’)$+B+&4’)92’?-)"3)*045 )67+8)-+3-’0)-2’)
"2 0+-%&,)9/%o&G"33>)2"B(Wo&,)4"#/+&<)9/%&G"33)+&()-'#/"0+0<)B’+9? GG
back as of 0:00 hours on January 1, 2018. The impact in fiscal 2018
of the spin-offs was mainly lower depreciation, amortization and
write-downs of fixed assets and lower pension expenses. On the
other hand, business lease expenses and the passing-on of costs for
7/0 sonnel-related provisions led to an increase in other operating
expenses.

a

S)#%BB%"&
ASSETS

045 6748 )
0+&=)I>)PIIQ!)

045 6748 )
Dec. 31, 2017

WHS % 8 (HY +

A&-+&,%$B’)+99’-9 489.7 191.8
1+&,%$B’)+99’-9 1,173.0 QPI=T
Financial assets 16,485.7 17,510.7
18,148.4 18,524.2
SH OEE
Inventories TQQ=U TQQ=U
Trade accounts receivable IQI=U IQI=U
Other receivables and other assets 891.6 591.6
Cash and cash equivalents I=V I=V
1,762.6 1,462.6
~"#112)%(# &2’0** PQ=W PQ=W
Total ASSETS 19,939.5 20,015.3
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
"#37444. %4+5
E;$940%$’ ()4+/%-+B ITQ=J ITQ=J
General partner's equity 397.2 397.2
Capital reserves 3,813.7 3,813.7
2 +F&’()+0&%&,9 701.6 701.6
Profit carried forward E. Merck KG TJ=U TJ=U
Net retained profit: shareholders 187.1 187.1
5,327.9 5,327.9
»'#1/67%* %60*
Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits PJJ=V 110.7
Other provisions I>TIP=I 946.1
1,312.5 1,056.8
~"#8%)9%:To+%’ *
Financial liabilities I>WJJ=J I>WJJ=)
10+(’)+44";&-9)/+<+$B’ 292.1 292.1
Other liabilities 11,489.1 11,820.7
13,281.3 13,612.8
"#2 CI (#%0=6>” 17.9 17.9
Total LIABILITIES 19,939.5 20,015.3

1 B3-"0)"/0+-%&,)9/Fo&G"33>)2"B(Wo&,)4"#/+8& <)9/%&G"33)+&()-'#/"040<)B'+9°$4+45= —-) +)
#$ %&? O*+&+, # &-)./"0- a HHS THK (+ &,-(M$K'NK/OL

158

93<$’/<<!#/=/)&>-I’ %

*°012 344567) &’-)7+8°7)(’ 10°+7’() 78%,9-8:) Jo&) <=>?) @9’) (7 18%&’)"A)
By; }#%88%" &)0"7C8-’ (/OI##+0%8:)AO"#)-9" DD’ +8-9 140" }+&()E’ OA" 0#+& 1’)

*4-"0% +87) $C7%&’77) 7 1-"OTF) "AAT -)#+%&8:) $:) +&) %&10' +7’) %&)"-9'0)

74872) )

123("!$" 1(00&,#( 0/!4$%5!%5/!3/,-C 16&--/,0$() !6&#/!7839:

ee

!9+&,’)
B)#%88%"& 2018 3<=G B)#%88%"& )%SH
D’+8-91+0" ‘FI=< “FI<J KLJ KJ?LH
M%A’)N1%’ &1" @< GGG I <2H
E’0A"0#+&1’)*+-'0%487 =FI>O =FILL KI KX?LH
P-9’0)7+8°7 I<xL 3 > 1Q?>H
Total 4,785 4,807 —22 —0.5%

P-9°0)7+8" T)H#+-%o8&8:)%&18C(’ ()%&-0+,0"C/)10"77R19+0,%&,)A"0)S @)7’0T%1’7E)
0? &-)+&()"-9° 0)+(#%&%T-O+-%T’ JT OT%1'72))_ +)

@9’)79+0")"A)7+8’7) U%-9)"-9°0) 40"C/) L"#/+&%’7) V40"C/) 7+8°7W)
+#"C&-’()-")LI2OH)%&):<=>)V;<=GX)LIOHW?

ee

194+&,”
B)#%88%"& 2018 <=G B)#%88%" & )% SH.
40"C/)748°7 JFIGG JEQ<< KI Kx?QH
N+8°7)-")-9%0()/+0-%'7 I<> I<G = <1H
Total 4,785 4,807 22 0.5%

5-)>O?GH)V;<=GX)L<?IHWE)-9’)79+0’)" A)’ Y/"0-7)%&):<=>)U+7)$’ 8"U)
-9° 10’ T%"C7):+067)8°T’8?_) )

de

194+&,”
B)#%88%"& 2018 3<=G B)#%88%" & )% SH.
PC-7%(’)4’O#+&: JF=J> JFU= K¥LI KH
WO: OIG JOG =G< 102QH
Total 4,785 4,807 22 0.5%

@9’)( 18% &’)%o&)&’ -)7+8'7)"A)-9 D’ +8-9140" )$C7%&’? TTT 1-"0)U+7)+--0% R
$C-+$8")-")+)"&’ R-%#’ )/+:4? &-)A"0) AC-CO’ )8% 1’ &7’)/+:# &-7) %&)-9’)
10°T%"CT) 2’ +0F)U9% 19)9-+() %& 10° +7’ ()7+8°72)Z:) 1" &-0+7-F) &’-)7+8°7)"A)
10"(C1-7)0"7’ Y78% ,9-8:)% &):<=>NZCT% &? TIU%-9)1 +0( Jo" T+7 1C8+0)#' (Jol+ R
-Jo" & TV [Q?=HWE)-9’ )"&1"8",: (OC, NO$%-CY —! VE #?<HWH-&(JU%-9)-9:0"%()
# (%1+4-%o"& TV J2>HW)79"U’ ()+)#"(C 0-4-?)% & 10° +7? 2)588)-"8(F)-9’ SCT % R
&’T7TYT 1-"0)0 L"0C OC 18% & %8&,)7+8°7) %8&)/+0-% 1C8+0)% &)-9" )*Jo((8’ )\+-7-)
and Africa region, while sales rose especially in the Asia-Pacific region.

S&)-9’ )E’0A"0#4+-& 1’) *+-'0% 487) $C7%&’77)T 1-"0F)-9°)/0°T%"C7) :’ +067)
748°7)8°T’ 8)U+7)&"-)0° +19? ()$:)-9’ )A%T/8+:)N"8C-%" &T)$CT%&? TT) C&I%-)
VEK?>HW?)S&)+((%-%" &F)-9’ INCOA+ 1’ N"8C-%" &T)$CT%E&’? T7)C&%-)O’ 1"0C 0)
+)78%,9-)(0"/) %o&)74+8’7)VKL2<HW)#+%&8:)+ AA’ 1-%&,)7+8°7)%o&)-9’)*Jo((8’)
\+7-)+&()5A0%1+)0’ ,%" &?)_O"#)+)0’,%" &+8)/07/ 1-%T’F)7+8 7) %&)57%+R )
Pacific were flat, while Europe recorded moderate losses and North
5#°0%1+),’ &’0+-’ ()74+8"7),0"U-9? d)
W"#$ Jo 8 ()*+& +, # &-)7"0- Sa HHS FH +&,-(M$K''NK/OL

Net sales of the Life Science business sector were slightly above the
previous year’s figure. The Research Solutions (- 3.0%) and Applied
Solutions (-5.0%) business units showed a slight decline in sales,
:2%42):+9)"339° -)$<}-2’ )%&40’ +9” )%&)&’ -)9+B’ 9) % &)-2’ JFO"4’99)E"B;-%" &9)

123("!$" !(00& ,#( 0/!4$ %5!%5/!13/,-C 16&--/,0$()!6&#/!7839:

159

business unit (+4.4%). Sales growth was generated in the North
America and Asia-Pacific regions. By contrast, a slight fall was
0°4"0(’ () %&)/+0-%4;B+0) % &)-2”) R;0"/’) +&() *%((B’ )R+9-) +&() 830%4+)
0’, %"&9=

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS) }

124+&,")
S)#%BB%" & 2018 2017 S)#%BB%"& )%BK
E+B’9 4785 4,807 YPP Yy=WX
Other income 172 PIP YJ -18.9%
1"9-)"3)#4+-"0%+B9 -1,776 YD>WJW -271 1Q=JX
Personnel expenses YJ>UJW YJ>PWQ -47 3.7%
Depreciation, amortization and write-downs YIIP YJQU 71 YUQ=QX
Other operating expenses YpP>IWP YPQUI YUWI 19.5%
Investment income/Write-downs of financial assets I>PUV 847 387 45.7%
Financial result YPTP YPJI YYII UJ=UX
Pro t before pro t transfers and taxes 584 917 —334 36.4%
Profit transfers YVWV YWWU 99 -17.9%
Taxes UP -193 PPW YJIT=UX
Pro t after pro t transfers and taxes 162 171 9 5.3%

12°)('4B%&’) %&pther income _):+9)#4+%&B<)-2’)0’9;B-)"3)B":’0) ,+%&9)
from the release of provisions.

12’)%&40’+9’)%&vost of materials J:+9)(’)-")H4)2%,2’ 0) +4" &-)"3 )
intragroup cross-charging and increased sales volume with declining
prices in some cases; the cost of materials in relation to sales amounted
to 37.1% (2017: 31.3%).

12’)0%9’) % &personnel expenses ):+9)(;’)-")2%,2’0):+,’9)+&(0)
salaries as a result of the collectively agreed pay increase and the
2% ,2’ 0) &:#$’ 0)"3)’#/B"<’’9=)

Depreciation, amortization and write-downs )3’ BB)$<)UQ=QX)+9)
a result of the decline in fixed assets following the spin-off.

12’) %&40° +9’) %&pther operating expenses ):+9) (57) -") %&40’ +9’ ()
consulting costs and higher expenses in connection with the business
B’+9’)+9):’ BB)+9)+&)%&40’ +9” )%o&)-2’ W499 %&,G" &)"3)4"9-9)3" 0)’ 09"&&’ BG )
related provisions; see section “Effects of material company agreeG
ments on the net assets, financial position and results of operations”=)

Investment income rose essentially on account of higher profit
transfers by OpCo companies; see section “Effects of material comG
pany agreements on the net assets, financial position and results of
operations”. However, the reduced dividend payment by the Merck
C"B(%&, )THSC)2+()+&)" 339’ --%&,)'33°4-=)

12’) Financial result deteriorated due to lower fair values of plan

+99’-9=)

SEERIE ) Qe

124+&,’
S)#%BB%"& Dec. 31, 2018 Dec. 31,2017 S)#%BB%"& BK
Fixed assets 18,670 18,148 522 2.9%
A&-+&,%$B’) +99’ -9 239 490 YPWI YWI=PX
14+&,%$B’)+99’-9 899 1,173 -274 YPU=VX
Financial assets 17,532 IT>VQT I>JVT T=UX
Current assets 2,336 1,763 573 32.5%
Inventories 725 TQQ 37 W=UX
Trade accounts receivable UIW 1Ql IUV 73.7%
Other receivables and other assets 1,293 892 VII VWwe=sx
Cash and cash equivalents U I P 142.9%
Prepaid expenses 34 28 21.1%
21,040 19,940 1,100 5.5%

1 60 #$ %&? O*+&+, # &-)./"0- a HHS THK (+ &,-(M$K'NK/OL 123("!$" !(00&,#( 0/!4$%5!%5/!13/,-C 16&--/,0$() !6&#/!7839:

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES)

N4&,"
2)#%33%" & Dec. 31, 2018 4°56)789 ):8< 2 )#%33%" & Se
Net equity 5329 5,328 1 0.0 %
Provisions 1,119 1,312 193 A4.7%
Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits >> a >< 276:=
@-10)/0"A%B%"&B >7: 8988: C)>; C)D6:=
Liabilities 14,575 13,281 1,295 9.8 %
E%&+&5%+3)3%+$%3%-% B 89D;; 89D;; Cc Cc
FO+(’)+55"G&-B)/+H+$3’ 21 J: 8D? D:6<=
@-1'0)3%+$%3%-%’ B 8:91:J 8892>J 89828 J6J=
Deferred income 17 18 od —6.1 %
21,040 19,940 1,100 5.5 %
The net assets and financial position of Merck KGaA changed only /</(,05!C #!#/=/)&>-L %
B3%,1-3H)% &)5"#/+0%B" &)K %-1)-1")/0’ A%"GB)H’ +06)L%-1)+)D6D=)%&50'+B’)
Jo&)-"-+3)+BB’ -B9)- 1’) MG%-H)0+-%" +4" G&~’ ()-"):D67=)N:;8<O):16<=P6 Y&) :38>9) 0B’ +051) +&() CA’3"/# &-) BI’ &(%&,) "&) /0"Z’ 5-B) "R)
F1’)"/°0+4-%&,)B/%&Q"RR)3’ ()-")4)C753%&’ ) Jo) Fo &-+&,%$3’ )+&()-+&,%$3°) OSU )[W+\}+-&()"-1’0)WO"G/)5"#/+& %o"B)-"-+3° ()2 7 )#%33%"&)N:;8<O)

assets, while financial assets increased; see section “Effects of material) 2)I>D )#%33%"&P6)\)3+0,’ V"0-%"&)K+B #3B")%&5G00’ ()$H)5"#/+& %’ B)"G-B%()
company agreements on the net assets, financial position and results -1’)*’05U)WO"G/6)Y & A+ 0#B-+(-9)X’ +3-15+0 #+-% &3H)R"5GB’B)"&)0’ B’+051 )
"R)"/0+-%" &BS6 in the areas of oncology as well as autoimmune and inflammatory
F1’)%&50’ +B’ )% &)5G00’ &-)}+BB’-B NT D<7 )#%33%" &P)K+B)#+%&3H)+Q0% (%B’ +B’ B6)F1’)0%B’)"RYQBIL_ )#%33%" &)%&).J4)B/’ &(%o&,)$H)-1’)X?+3-15+0")
butable to higher receivables from affiliates for profit transfers and business sector was reflected in the increase of € 238 million in overQ

"-1°0),0"G/)50"BBQ51+0,%&,6 +33.]4)B/’ &(%&,)N726<=P6)\-} 1’ )B+#)-Jo##’ 9}- 1’ )X’+3-15+0')$GB%&’ BB)
F1’)(0"/)%&)"-1°0)/0"A%B%"&B)N2)C)>; )#%33%"&P)0’ BG3-’ ()/0%#+.0%3H)B’ 5-"0) +55"G&-’()R"0) ID6?=) N:;8<O) DJ6I=P) +&() -1GB)-1’)3+0,’B-)

from the operating spin-off; see section “Effects of material company B1+0’)"R)0’B’ +051 + & 0A’ 3" &-)B/’ &(%&,6)F 1’ YY OR"O#+8&5’)*+-’ Q

agreements on the net assets, financial position and results of operQ 0%+3B)$GB%&’ BB)B’5-"0)R"5GB’B)%-B)0’ B’+051}+5-%A%-%’ B)"&)\C A’ 3"/%&,)&’ K)

+-%" &BS6) +&()%#/0" A’ (\$+B%5)#+~’0%+3B)+&()#%_-GO’ B)R"0)‘!)(%B/3+HBY)R"0)%KEQ
F1’)0%B’)%&)"-1°0)3%+$%3%-%’ B)O’ BG3-’ ()/0%#+0%3H)RO"#)- 1’)53’+0%BAH-JA’ ‘ad ) +//3%5+-Jo" KB) +&() R"0) #4-’0%43B) R"0)-1’)/0"(G5-%" &)"R)

+55"G&-)K%-1)-1’)* OSUE% &+&5%+3)V’ 0A%5’ B)WH$X9)4+0#B-+(-6) Jo&-20+~" ()5%05G%-B6)E")B-0" &,-1’ & 1’ %,#’ &-B)$GB%&’ BB9)&’ KY’ RR’5-)

/%0,#° &-B)R"0)- 1 }+G-"#"-%A’9)5" BH -%5B)+& (0% 8&-%E&,)o&U)B’ 5-"0B)1+4A’)

$ &)?A'3"7 (6)Y&)- 1’) WR’ V5%’ &5’ )$GB%&’ BB)B’5-"09)0’ B’+05 1)+5-%A%-% B)
1! R"5GB’ ()%&)/+0-%5G3+0)"&)-’51&"3",%° B)R"0)3+$"0+-"0H)+&()3%R’ )B5%’ &5’)

+/13%5+-%" &B9)+8&(- 1 YO"#"-%" &)"R)&’ KA’ 3"/#’ &-B6)Y#/0"A’ ()-'B-)

U%-B9)5 10" #+-",0+/1H)#’ -1"(B9)BG$B-0+-’B)R"0)B’/+0+-%&,)+5-%A’)BG$  Q

stances, and innovations continue to be in the focus in the fields of

#%50"$%"3" H)+8&()1H,%’ &’ )#"& %-"0%&,6

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS) }

'+&,’
2 )#%33%"& 2018 n8< 2)#% 33%" & $e
X’+3-15+0° cr > 8JI PO=
“%R’)V5%’ &5* 71 7D 88 7862=
* OR" 0#+&5’)*+-’0%43B il; mn 2; 8>6:=
@-1'0).J4)B/’ &(%&,)-1+-)5+&&"-)$’ )+33"5+-’()-")%&(%AI%(G+3)$GB%&’ BB)B’5-"0B 87 n Cy Cy6J=

Total 923 685 238 34.7%

W"#$ Jo 8 ()*+& +, # &-)7"0- Sa HHS FH +&,-(M$K''NK/OL

The ratio of research and development spending to sales was 19.3%
(2017: 14.3%). Overall, the average number of employees working
in research and development was 2,674. Merck KGaA is one of the
#4-%&)0’9’+042)9%-’9)"3)-2’)*’045)70"s/>)+4.4":&-%&,)3"0)-+)92+0")"3)
41.6% (2017: 32.0%) of total Group research and development
OP &(Jo&=)

L$=$#/'#

For 2018, we are proposing to the General Meeting the payment of
a dividend of € 1.25 per share.

123("!$" !(00& ,#( 0/!4$ %5!%5/!13/,-C 16&--/,0$()!6&#/!7839:

161

D/,2&’’/)

89)"3) @'4°#$'0 —-) UI>) PJIQ>) 7045) 6748) 24+() II>TUU)’#/B"<’9>)
0’/ resenting an increase over the previous year (2017: 10,677).

Average number of employees by functional area:

PERSONNEL)

IT) #0.>9° /H#6<# >2:65’’ *#(./%0?#+ @ #5’ )/ 2018 2017
FO"(:4-%"& 3,756 U>WUT
8(#%&%9-0+F-%" & U>PIU 3,072
19°+4042 2,674 P>WIW
D",%9-%49 671 TVQ
E+B’9)+&()#+05’-%&, 590 574
Other 79 IPQ
Total 10,983 10,473

H$?12!C#!1&<<&, %C’$%$/?

#045 )67+8)%9) B+0,’B<)9;$H’4-)-")-2’) 9-HP) "U/"0-;8& %o-%’9) +8e()0%959)
+9) -2”)*°0.45)70"/=)*"0") %&3" O#+-%o" &)44+8&)$’ )3":&()%o&)-2’).’/"0-)
"&)Risks and Opportunities.

G&,/0(?%!+&,!./,01 123¢"
L>K*"I*FE;!FG!"6IJ"N!9J;*E>;;!L>K>NFD.>EI!*E!
OPQR!GHF. !I8>!DH>K*FJ;NM!H>DFHI>L!3J*L"E6>S
In the 2017 combined management report, net sales were forecast to)
J&A’ +9” )9B%,2-B<)%&)-2’ )D%3’ EAM’ &A’ + &(JC’ +B-2440’ )$;9% &’ 99)9’ 4-"09)%&
fiscal 2018. A slight drop in net sales was forecast for the Performance)
*+-0%+B9)$:9%&’99)94-"0=)

The sales decline in the Healthcare business sector (-3.9%)
0°9;B~’ (/0%#+0%B <)30"#)B":’0)B%4’ &9’ \%&A"#’ =)E+B’9)"3/0"(;4-9):’ 0")
slightly above the previous year’s level. Sales growth was generated

in the Oncology (+2.1%) and Fertility (+11.9%) business units. This
94B’9),0":-2):+9)"339’-)$<)?4B % & %o&,)9+B’9)% &)-2’)"-2’ 0)$:9%&’99);& %o-9)
(Neurology & Immunology).

In 2018, sales in the Life Science business sector were flat overG
all. Declining sales in the Research Solutions (-3.0%) and Applied
Solutions (- 5.0%) business units were offset by rising sales in ProG
cess Solutions (+4.4%).

Continued high competitive pressure in the Display Solutions busiG
ness unit (-0.8%) led to a slight fall in Performance Materials net
sales (-0.9%). The Surface Solutions business unit additionally
recorded a slight drop in sales (-2.0%).

Net income was down compared to the previous year (-5.3%).
Higher other operating expenses (19.5%) contrast, in particular, with
improved investment income (45.7%) and a reduction in tax expenses=)
Investment income rose primarily due to profit transfers of the newly
established OpCo companies. However, the reduced dividend payG
# &-)$<)-2’)*’045)C"B(Yo&,) TH#SC)2+()+&)"339 --%&,)' 33’ 4-= i)
1 62 "HS %&()*+&+,# &-).7"0- HHS FH +&,-(M$K'NK/OL

Forecast 2019
For fiscal 2019, a decline in net sales is expected overall due to the
[B+8&&’ ()-’O#% &-+-Jo" &)"3) -2’) $:9%&’ 99) B’ +9% &,) 4" &-0-44-) :%-2) *°045)
C’+B-24+0’)67+8)+8&()-2’)0°9:B-%8&,)-0+&93’0)"3)-2’ )C’+B-24+0’)$:9% G
ness sector’s operating business.

8) 9B%,2-) C4B%&’) Yo&) &’-) 9+B’9) %9)3"0°44+9-)3"0) -2’) F’03"0#+&4’)
¥+-’0%+B9)$:9%&’99)9’ 4-"0=) A &)-2’) D%3’) E4%’ &4’) $:9 %&?99)9'4-"0>):”)
expect a slight increase in net sales for fiscal 2019.

123("!$" !(00&,#( 0/!4$%5!%5/!13/,-C 16&--/,0$()!6&#/!7839:

As in 2017, the financing costs of the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition conG
tinue to adversely affect net income. Nevertheless, positive investG
ment income and dividend payments from subsidiaries will lead again
-")+)9B%,2-)%o&A0’ +9’) %&)&’-) WEA" =

The Merck Financial Services GmbH, Darmstadt, will provide the
company with sufficient financial resources and thus ensure liquidity.

Currently no risks can be identified that may jeopardize the conG
tinued existence of the company.
