

--- Page 1 ---

Foundation of the Group

Our Brands

Beiersdorf has a strong portfolio of international leading brands that are chosen
by millions of people around the world each day. The success of our brands is
based on our innovative strength, outstanding quality, and closeness to con-
sumers. This closeness enables us to respond quickly and flexibly to the wishes
and regional requirements of consumers across the globe. Our range is centered
on our successful skin and body care brands, each serving different segments:

NIVEA is aimed at the mass market, Eucerin at the dermocosmetics segment, and
La Prairie at the selective cosmetics market. With its Hansaplast and Elastoplast
brands, Beiersdorf has a global presence in the field of plasters and wound care.
Renowned brands such as Labello, Aquaphor, Florena, 8x4, Hidrofugal, atrix, SLEK,
and Maestro round off our extensive portfolio in the Consumer Business Segment.
Through the tesa brand, which has been managed since 2001 by Beiersdorf’s
independent tesa subgroup, we also offer highly innovative self-adhesive system
and product solutions for industry, craft businesses, and consumers.

Our Brand Portfolio

Hansaplast
a ___—4

atvix Flotena

l
<x“

Eucerin

————

Labello

Elastoplast
— EE

&)

tesa’

la prairie

SWITZERLAND

Aquaphor

HEALING OINTMENT

NIVEA is one of the world’s best-known, largest,
and most successful skin care brands and is trusted
by consumers around the globe.

Eucerin is Beiersdorf’s dermocosmetic skin care
brand, trusted by dermatologists, pharmacists, and
consumers all around the world.

The La Prairie brand stands for high-quality, inno-
vative products that aim to offer consumers the
ultimate luxury in skin care.

With Hansaplast and its sister brand Elastoplast,
Beiersdorf is globally represented in plasters and
wound care.

The internationally renowned lip balms from Labello
provide long-lasting care for dry lips.

Aquaphor, a sister brand of Eucerin, offers skin care
products to protect and care for extremely dry,
irritated, or damaged skin.

The hand care brand atrix provides immediate care
for busy hands.

Under the Florena brand, Beiersdorf offers an
extensive range of skin and body care products
with natural ingredients for consumers in Germany.

8x4 is an internationally renowned deodorant
brand.

Beiersdorf’s Hidrofugal brand offers a range of
highly effective antiperspirants and shower gels.

SLEK and Maestro are Beiersdorf’s hair care and
hair styling brands in China.

tesa provides self-adhesive system and product
solutions for industry, craft businesses, and con-
sumers. The brand excels with its dependable high
quality, exemplary innovative strength, and the use
of state-of-the-art technologies.


--- Page 2 ---

Combined Management Report / Foundation of the Group / Our Brands
Business and Strategy

Business and Strategy

Beiersdorf is a global leader in the consumer goods industry with around
20,000 employees in more than 160 affiliates contributing to the success of the
international Group. Our business is divided into two separate, independently
operating business segments, each of which holds a market leadership position:

© The Consumer Business Segment, with its focus on skin and body care, is the
core of our business. Our strong brands, including NIVEA, Eucerin, Hansaplast,
and La Prairie, anticipate our consumers’ wishes and offer innovative, highly
effective, and high-quality products.

© Inthe tesa Business Segment, we develop high-quality self-adhesive system
and product solutions for industry, craft businesses, and consumers. In doing
so, we aim to identify needs, respond flexibly to special requirements and
market trends, and make our customers’ workflows even more efficient and
effective. Since 2001, tesa SE has been an independently run subsidiary of
Beiersdorf AG.

Consumer

In the Consumer Business Segment, we aim to be the No. 1 skin care company
in our key categories and markets. In the reporting year 2018, we focused on
leveraging the potential of our derma, healthcare, and selective brands - Eucerin,
Hansaplast, and La Prairie - alongside our iconic NIVEA brand. With our consist-
ent brand management, our proximity to consumers, and the introduction of
innovative products, we succeeded in further increasing the impact of our skin
care brands and gaining important market share.

OUR VALUES

Our conduct is critical to the successful implementation of our strategy. Our
Core Values play a leading role in this success. “Care,” “Simplicity,” “Courage,” and
“Trust” have shaped our corporate culture from day one. They set the agenda
for our business activities and guide the everyday work of every single employee:

© Care: We act responsibly towards our colleagues, consumers, brands, our
society, and our environment.

© Simplicity: We strive for clarity and consistency, making decisions quickly
and pragmatically, and focusing on what is essential.

© Courage: We are committed to bold objectives, take initiative, learn from our
mistakes, and see change as an opportunity.

© Trust: We say what we mean, keep our promises, and treat others with respect.

BRANDS

We regard strengthening our internationally successful brands as our core task
and the cornerstone of our business success. Our aim is for our brands to be
close to consumers and to continually introduce innovative products that put
our consumers’ needs and wishes center stage and generate added value - this
is the key to successfully differentiating ourselves. Our broad brand portfolio,
led by our iconic NIVEA brand, also stands for trust, quality, and consistency.

INNOVATIONS

Beiersdorf has built its global reputation ona strong tradition in skin care exper-
tise. Our innovative strength and the lasting success of our innovations is key to
expanding our leading position in the skin and body care business. Our product
development therefore focuses exclusively on new products with high potential
for sustainable growth. Furthermore, we aim to extend the lifespan and growth
of our biggest innovations to make full use of their potential.

One of the major innovations we launched during the reporting year was the
new active ingredient Thiamidol®, for which Beiersdorf enjoys patent protection
in important countries around the world. It acts on the root cause of hyper-
pigmentation of the skin and is the basis for new skincare products that help
consumers reduce irregularities in their own skin tone. In this way, we address a
consumer demand that promises high sales potential in many markets. The new
product range Eucerin Anti-Pigment is already based on the new active ingre-
dient. Information on other innovations of the reporting year can be found in the
following Research and Development section of the Combined Management
Report.

MARKETS

With our leading brands, we are present in almost all countries worldwide. Being
close to our consumers is critical for us to meet the specific and often very dif-
ferent needs in the regions. It also means we can adjust quickly and flexibly to
changing expectations. Our global network of research and development
centers enables us to promptly identify trends and consumer wishes and develop
products that meet the individual local needs and preferences. Our 17 production
sites in 12 countries also provide us with close proximity to our consumers - and
thus a decisive competitive advantage with which we can secure and expand
our market share for the long term.

In the reporting year, Beiersdorf made targeted investments in establishing and
expanding local sites as well as R&D and production facilities in order to further
strengthen the company’s international activities as well as its presence and im-
pact in key emerging markets. Alongside the opening of new affiliates, inter alia
in Cairo, Egypt, and Lahore, Pakistan, the focus was on the following projects:

© March 2018 saw the groundbreaking for the expansion of our plant in Thailand,
located on the outskirts of Bangkok. The investment volume for the site and
warehouse expansion as well as the modernization of the existing buildings
amounts to approximately €67 million. With this, we intend to create addi-
tional growth opportunities and strengthen our position in the key economic
region of Asia. The design work for the new production areas in Bangplee put
the emphasis on safety, quality, efficiency, and sustainability as well as the
flexible use of technology. It is also planned to certify the new production
areas in accordance with the prestigious LEED Gold standard (Leadership in
Energy and Environmental Design) for environmentally friendly construction.
The major expansion of the production site is due to be completed in the
summer of 2019.

© We also decided to expand our production center in Poznan (Poland) in the
reporting year. We plan to invest around €95 million in the building, infra-
structure, and logistics capacities at the site over the next three years. The
expansion will create the capacity needed for further growth. The project is
also set to create 40 to 50 new jobs. The plant in Poznan primarily produces
face care and dermatological products based on sophisticated formulas and
technologies.


--- Page 3 ---

EFFICIENCY

Beiersdorf demonstrates high efficiency and a strong ability to adapt to changing
markets. This allowed us once again to increase sales this year and maintain a high
level of earnings in an increasingly challenging environment. Expanded invest-
ments in production enabled us to influence manufacturing costs positively.
Together with an efficiently managed marketing budget, we were able to balance
in part the effects of cost increases arising from negative movements in exchange
rates and increases in commodity prices.

DIGITALIZATION

Rapidly increasing digitalization at Beiersdorf is pivotal to the future success
of our company. We considerably ramped up our activities and partnerships
during the reporting year, especially in the e-commerce sector. This was not
only because of our firm belief in the growing importance of online retail as a
sales channel, but also because we regard it as an important tool for brand
development and generating consumer insights. In addition to our successful
cooperation with the Chinese e-commerce providers JD.com and Alibaba, we
concluded a strategic partnership in 2018 with NetEase Kaola, China’s leading
online platform for imports. Thanks to this partnership, we further bolstered
our online presence and close relationship to our consumers in the important
Chinese market and gained access to more than 900 million users.

In addition, we aim to further enhance and increase our employees’ digital
expertise through various e-learning modules, our digital campus, and the
roll-out of Office 365, which began in fiscal year 2018.

PEOPLE

The successes of the past year are first and foremost the achievement of our
committed employees. They are close to consumers, cultures, and markets.
They respond efficiently, dynamically, and flexibly to global trends and local
customer wishes. And they bring successful new products to the market with
their enthusiasm for innovation. This allows us as a company to grow ever faster
and more sustainably.

At Beiersdorf, we want to be an attractive employer all around the world. We
enable working conditions that boost the performance, commitment, and satis-
faction of all employees. Alongside talent development and lifelong learning,
we are also investing in the international and cross-functional experience of our
employees.

Participation and dialogue on an equal footing is an integral part of our culture.
We want to allow our employees to actively shape the working world of tomor-
row in a multitude of ways. One major project in the reporting year that put
a particular emphasis on employee participation was the future Beiersdorf
campus. The new Group headquarters in Hamburg-Eimsbiittel are due to be
completed in 2021 and will contain around 3,000 state-of-the-art workstations
and an expanded research center.

Women and men from different nations, cultures, and generations work with us
at Beiersdorf. We want to systematically promote this diversity and harness
the benefits it provides. Different perspectives make us more innovative and
competitive and allow us to better understand consumer needs.

tesa

tesa is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of self-adhesive products and
system solutions for industrial customers and consumers. tesa SE is a wholly
owned subsidiary of Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft and is the direct or indirect
parent company of the 64 tesa affiliates (previous year: 52).

tesa expanded its product range and boosted its market position in 2018 with
three acquisitions. In March, tesa acquired the Twinlock product division
from Polymount International BV, based in Nijkerk, the Netherlands. This
strengthened tesa’s position in the market for flexographic printing, a main-
stay of the industrial business. The acquisition of Functional Coatings, Inc.,
based in Newburyport, Massachusetts, United States, expanded the range
for the construction and building supplies industry. With the acquisition of
FormFormForm Ltd., based in London, United Kingdom, along with its kneadable
glue Sugru, tesa reinforced its self-adhesive product business for consumers
and its market position in this area.

DIRECT INDUSTRIES.

In the Direct Industries division tesa supplies specialized system solutions
directly to industrial customers, especially in the electronics, printing and
paper, building and construction, and automotive industries. The strategic focus
is primarily on developing and expanding profitable business lines in techno-
logically advanced fields of application. tesa’s system solutions are used to
optimize and enhance the efficiency of production processes, as customized
protection and packaging systems, and as fastening solutions in construction-
related applications.

tesa also offers innovative solutions with flexible uses to protect products from
tampering and counterfeiting. One key technology in this area, which is the
responsibility of tesa scribos GmbH, is tesa ValiGate®. This consists of a printed
product marking, an algorithm that enables fully automated verification of the
authenticity of original products, and newly developed, product-linked Web
and app solutions.

Another promising business area that tesa is developing for the future is being
handled by tesa Labtec GmbH. This tesa affiliate develops and manufactures
transdermal therapeutic systems (medicated patches) as well as buccal films
(medicated films that allow direct uptake of drugs through the oral mucosa) for
the pharmaceutical industry.

TRADE MARKETS

The Trade Markets division encompasses those markets in which tesa supplies
end customers with market-driven products via retail partners or retail-like
channels rather than directly. This segment includes the product ranges aimed
at private consumers and craftsmen as well as adhesive tapes that are intended
for commercial customers and marketed primarily via the technical trade.

In the General Industrial Markets business segment, tesa offers a wide range of
products for diverse applications in various industrial sectors, including product
ranges for assembly and repair, tapes to secure items during transportation,
and adhesive solutions for the packaging industry.


--- Page 4 ---

Combined Management Report / Foundation of the Group / Business and Strategy

In the Consumer & Craftsmen business area, which concentrates on markets in
Europe and Latin America, tesa markets more than 300 innovative product
solutions for application in energy saving, renovation, assembly, repair, packag-
ing, and insect protection. The Craftsmen business area focuses on tailor-made
product ranges for professional tradesmen as well as on the development and
implementation of marketing concepts tailored to target groups.

MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL

The Executive Board manages the company and is dedicated to sustainably
increasing its value. In addition to the functional areas of responsibility within
the Executive Board, there are regional areas of responsibility. The Executive
Board is closely involved in the company’s operational business in particular
through the allocation of responsibilities for the regions and markets. A break-
down of the Executive Board’s areas of responsibility can be found in the
chapter “Beiersdorf AG Boards” of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. The tesa Business Segment is managed as an independent subgroup.

Information on the remuneration of the Executive and Supervisory Boards as
well as on incentive and bonus systems is provided in the Remuneration
Report, which forms part of the Combined Management Report. The Corpo-
rate Governance Statement of Beiersdorf AG and the Group in accordance
with §§ 289f and 315d Handelsgesetzbuch (German Commercial Code, HGB)
has been made publicly available on the company’s website at
WWW. BEIERSDORF.COM/CORPORATE_GOVERNANCE_STATEMENT. Additional
information regarding management and control, the general management
structure, and the Declaration of Compliance in accordance with §161
Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation Act, AktG) is also provided in the
Corporate Governance Report.

VALUE MANAGEMENT AND PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT
SYSTEM

The goal of Beiersdorf’s business activities is to sustainably increase the com-
pany’s market share by achieving quality growth and, at the same time, to expand
its earnings base. The long-term key performance indicators - organic sales
growth’ in conjunction with market share development, EBIT, and the EBIT margin
before special factors (the ratio of EBIT to sales) - are derived from this. The aim
is to generate internationally competitive returns through continuous investment
in growth opportunities, systematic cost management, and the highly efficient
use of resources.

The company has created an efficient management system in order to meet
these strategic goals. Corporate management derives business performance
targets for the individual units in the Group for the coming year from the Group’s
strategic business goals. This planning covers all segments and affiliates. Formal
adoption by the Executive and Supervisory Board of the Group’s planning for
the following year is generally in the fall.

Actual key performance indicators are compared with target values and with
the current forecast for the year as a whole at regular intervals during the
fiscal year. These comparisons are used to manage the business in line with
the objectives.

The tesa Business Segment forms a separate, independent unit within the
Group. It is also managed on the basis of sales growth, the operating result
(EBIT), and the EBIT margin.

In addition to the key financial performance indicators shown above, the
company employs a number of non-financial indicators that are described in
the chapters “Research and Development,” “Sustainability,” and “People at
Beiersdorf” of the Combined Management Report.

Research and Development

Beiersdorf's business success has always been based on its research and
development excellence. Our employees’ specialist expertise, pioneering spirit,
and dedication drive our strength in innovation and boost our company’s
competitiveness. Our aim is to generate ever more outstanding innovations and
insights, and we therefore invest systematically in our research and develop-
ment. To bring promising ideas to market as quickly as possible, we regularly
evaluate our research activities and define clear focus areas.

Our research and development activities follow two different emphases in line
with our two business segments:

© In the Consumer Business Segment, Beiersdorf develops innovative, high-
quality skin care products. Our range aims to generate added value for the
consumers who chose our products. Our research therefore anticipates
future trends and the needs and wishes of consumers for innovative, effec-
tive, well-tolerated skin care solutions. Our research and development
activities follow our vision of constantly reinventing skin care every day and
everywhere.

oO In the tesa Business Segment, the focus is on developing high-quality self-
adhesive system and product solutions. Our research and development here
aims to identify needs, respond flexibly to special requirements and market
trends, and make our customers’ workflows even more efficient and effective.

As of December 31, 2018, 1,389 people were employed in research and
development at Beiersdorf worldwide (previous year: 1,290). Of this total, 850
(previous year: 797) worked in the Consumer Business Segment and 539
(previous year: 493) in the tesa Business Segment. In total, 7% of our employees
at the company work in research and development.

Consumer

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXCELLENCE

Beiersdorf has built its global reputation on a strong tradition in skin care
expertise. We have made it our mission to decode the skin's complex processes,
research how certain substances interact with the human skin, and develop
innovative new product formulations and solutions. With this work, we protect
the innovative strength and dermatological expertise of our company.

* For the definition of organic sales growth refer to Significant Accounting Policies (“Notes to the Segment Reporting”).


--- Page 5 ---

Our research and development has always set standards and created trendsetting
innovations. This is the result of intensive basic research. In the reporting year,
our research focused on the following areas:

Oo After ten years of pioneering work, Beiersdorf'’s researchers successfully
launched an effective ingredient against irregular pigmentation of skin. The
new ingredient Thiamidol”, for which Beiersdorf enjoys patent protection in
important countries around the world, is clinically proven to reduce the
production of melanin and gives the skin a more even complexion. This is a
consumer demand that spans the globe with no exceptions. The research on
this new active ingredient has already been published in two renowned
scientific journals: the “Journal of Investigative Dermatology” (JID) and
the “International Journal of Molecular Science” (IJMS), where it appeared on
the front page.

© For more than 30 years, Beiersdorf has been committed to and intensively
involved in the development of alternative testing methods. The ongoing
development of innovative in vitro methods for the safe evaluation of our
ingredients was a central focus of our research activities in 2018. Beiersdorf
was one of the leading companies around the world involved in the develop-
ment of OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development)
guidelines for non-animal assessment methods for cosmetic raw materials.
Thus, various approaches for skin and eye irritations, phototoxicity, skin
penetration, and skin sensitization have been systematically driven and
partially already validated. Using the multi-organ-chip technology, Beiersdorf
is also a pioneer in the industry. In 2018, as part of two studies in coopera-
tion with the European association of the cosmetics industry (Cosmetics
Europe) and others, we analyzed, evaluated, and published new approaches
and methods for testing the safety of cosmetic formulations and ingredients.

© In collaboration with the German Cancer Research Center (Deutsches
Krebsforschungszentrum, DKFZ), Beiersdorf has made new findings in basic
cancer research. In a major study, for which a cutting-edge, powerful cluster
computer was specially installed in the laboratory, the two partners put
squamous cell carcinomas under the microscope. This variant of “white” skin
cancer is one of the most common skin cancers and is caused by UV radiation.
The research results prove that both actinic keratosis (a benign preliminary
stage of the disease) and the squamous cell carcinoma “SCC” (the malignant
type) can develop from two completely distinct and truly differentiated skin
cells and can therefore be regarded as two subtypes of squamous cell
carcinoma. These new findings enable a more precise diagnosis and there-
fore allow early use of specially tailored therapies. The results are also highly
relevant for the cosmetics industry. For example, they enable novel protec-
tion methods for sun care products and the development of products for
general skin cancer prevention.

© A key focus of Beiersdorf’s research once again in 2018 was on further study
of the mitochondrial metabolism of skin cells. This research focus, which
dates back many years and led to the revolutionary introduction of the NIVEA
brand's first Q10 skin care products in 1998, remains highly relevant to mod-
ern anti-aging skin care. Continuously, Beiersdorf’s scientists work to further

improve our brands’ Q10 products. The Q10 formula platform has been con-
tinuously enhanced through years of intensive research and development
work by adding compatible and highly effective combination partners such
as vitamin C and creatine. In cooperation with scientists from the University
of Ancona, Italy, our research team demonstrated during the reporting
year that a reduction in Q10 content has a decisive and probably causal
relationship to the aging of skin cells - a finding that will enable innovative
approaches to developing modern skin care products. In the Q10 anniver-
sary year, two of our scientists took up an invitation by the International
Coenzyme QI10 Association in New York to present the latest findings of
Beiersdorf’s Q10 skin research - which impressively shows that Beiersdorf
continues to play a pioneering role in Q10 research.

© Together with the Belgian life sciences company S-Biomedic, Beiersdorf fur-
ther intensified its research on the skin microbiome in the reporting year.
Habitat to billions of helpful and harmful bacteria, this microbiome contrib-
utes to maintaining healthy skin. An imbalance of these bacteria, however,
can lead to a variety of skin problems. The skin microbiome offers unparal-
leled opportunities for innovative cosmetic and dermatological products
aimed at a range of skin disorders (e.g. acne). As part of the partnership with
S-Biomedic, Beiersdorf has made an investment in the start-up amounting to
single-digit millions of euros. The aim of the cooperation with S-Biomedic is
to benefit from progress in biomedical research and deliver specific answers
to unfulfilled consumer needs.

GLOBAL OPEN INNOVATION NETWORK

To increase its strength in innovation, Beiersdorf makes systematic use of
cooperations and partnerships. We work with more than 300 different re-
search institutes, universities, start-ups, and suppliers. This gives both sides
access to complementary expertise and enables the leveraging of synergies.
Since 2016, we have been gathering all “Open Innovation” activities under the
“Pearlfinders - We Open Innovation” umbrella.

As in the previous years, we systematically expanded our “Open Innovation”
network once again in 2018. Membership of the “Open Innovation” platform
“Trusted Network” grew by a further 6%. “Trusted Network” has been a central
component of our innovation strategy since 2011. The online network based on
trust, fairness, and partnership gives external partners from all around the
world access to our confidential scientific research topics and invites them to
offer their own ideas and solutions.

KNOWLEDGE EXCHANGE WITH PHYSICIANS

During the reporting year, Beiersdorf continued and expanded its work with
the Professor Paul Gerson Unna Akademie, founded in 2016. The academy is
dedicated to the continuing and advanced training of physicians, especially
clinic-based dermatologists and registered doctors in private practice. We are
also working to intensify the dialogue between research and medical practice,
thereby constantly increasing treatment successes for patients in the area of
skin care. In 2018, we offered a total of 119 product-neutral and needs-oriented
education courses with the Professor Paul Gerson Unna Akademie. These were
largely eligible for CME (Continuing Medical Education) points as part of


--- Page 6 ---

Combined Management Report / Foundation of the Group / Research and Development

mandatory continuing education for physicians. For the first time in the history
of the Professor Paul Gerson Unna Akademie, we offered advanced training
for Latin American and Eastern European dermatologists in Germany. For the
2019 fiscal year, we plan to expand this international work, for example in Italy.

CLOSENESS TO CONSUMERS AND MARKETS.

Beiersdorf’s global research and development presence is key to our success.
The largest site in our research and development network is our skin research
center in Hamburg, where we employed 673 researchers and developers as of
December 31, 2018. Work here concentrates on new discoveries to provide even
better support to the skin’s own metabolic processes. Based on their results, the
scientists in product development combine the various active ingredients into
new and highly effective products that meet consumers’ needs. As product
quality, safety, and tolerability are the top priority for Beiersdorf, newly
developed products are tested before market launch, both externally and
at Beiersdorf's own test center within the skin research facility. A total of
580 studies with 17,000 participants were conducted at the Beiersdorf Test
Center during the reporting period. Moreover, 1,160 studies with more than
26,000 participants were conducted internationally in 2018.

In addition to the large skin research center in Hamburg, we also have six inter-
national research and development sites. Our regional laboratories in Brazil,
China, India, Japan, Mexico, and the United States enable us to respond to
different cultural, climatic, and aesthetic conditions, and to develop products
specifically for local needs and preferences.

INNOVATIONS

Innovation is one of our core competencies and thus a cornerstone of our
business strategy. We have set ourselves the objective of continually introduc-
ing new products that deliver on the wishes of our consumers and generate
added value. The following product launches were among the most important
innovations in the reporting year:

© With the NIVEA Sun UV Face range, Beiersdorf has developed a set of facial
care products that provide sun protection and are especially designed to
meet the needs of facial skin. The light textures deliver moisture to the skin
and offer immediate protection against UVA and UVB radiation. The range
comprises NIVEA Sun UV Face Shine Control and NIVEA Sun UV Face
Anti-Age and Anti-Pigments creams (SPF 30 and SPF 50).

© The new NIVEA Cellular 3in1 Care Cushion with SPF 15 leaves the skin mois-
turized for 24 hours, while light-coverage pigments adapt to the skin tone.
The result: The skin looks even and radiant, and fine wrinkles are visibly
reduced.

O NIVEA MicellAIR*® Skin Breath Professional Micellar Make-Up Remover
thoroughly cleanses the face and sensitive eye area without leaving greasy
product residue behind. The unique MicellAIR’ Complex and Black Tea
Extract works like a magnet to efficiently catch stubborn, long-wearing make-
up and mascara. The lightweight formula is suitable for face, eyes, and lips.

19

© With the NIVEA Soft Mix Me range, Beiersdorf has added three new mix-and-
match fragrances to complement the popular NIVEA Soft moisturizing cream.
Consumers can use the Chilled Oasis, Berry Charming, and Happy Exotic
products individually, or mix them together to create their own personal
scent. The product range designed for face, body, and hand care was specially
developed for young women aged 14 to 29.

© The new NIVEA Body Mousses impress with their creamy, smooth, ultra-light
texture. The fast-absorbing mousse with Deep Moisture Serum leaves the
skin moisturized for 48 hours. Special ingredients and nourishing oils provide
intensive care for the skin. NIVEA Body Mousse is available in four varieties.
The innovative, tapered aerosol canister has earned the product two pres-
tigious accolades: the German Packaging Award 2018 and the Innovation
Award of the Aerosol & Dispensing Forum (ADF) in Paris.

© The NIVEA MEN Deep range is one of the strongest market launches for
NIVEA MEN and was introduced worldwide in four categories in 2018: deodor-
ant, face, body, and hair. The products provide freshness and a deep clean
feeling and are based on new formulas - partly with the innovative ingredient
charcoal. The new formulas, modern packaging design, and appealing fra-
grances are aimed primarily at younger consumers.

© The new Eucerin pH5 Light Lotion is a soft yet effective body moisturizer de-
veloped to make the skin more resilient and less sensitive to environmental
triggers. The enhanced Eucerin pH Balance System with increased pH5
Citrate Buffer restores the skin's optimal pH. The moisturizer also contains 5%
dexpanthenol, which stimulates the skin’s regeneration and preserves its re-
silience. With its light texture, the novel formula is quickly absorbed without
being greasy, and moisturizes intensively.

© Sunlight, hormonal changes, or skin aging can lead to hyperpigmentation of
the skin (pigment spots). The new Eucerin Anti-Pigment range is based on
Thiamidol®, a new anti-pigment ingredient developed and patented by
Beiersdorf. The products become ever more effective with regular use. Hy-
perpigmentation is progressively reduced. There are four products in the
range: a day cream, a night cream, a care concentrate, and a spot corrector.

© Following years of research and thanks to technological advancements, La
Prairie introduced Caviar Premier in three products of the Skin Caviar
collection in 2018. Remastered with this new caviar incarnation, Skin Caviar
Luxe Cream, Skin Caviar Luxe Cream Sheer and Skin Caviar Luxe Sleep Mask
offer a unique dimension of sensorial indulgence paired with never-before-seen
lifting and firming. Skin appears more supported, tightened, and toned, with
a heightened feeling of tautness and elasticity. Other new product launches
from La Prairie were Platinum Rare Cellular Night Elixir (which supports the
skin’s natural regeneration for ultimate rejuvenation), White Caviar Creme
Extraordinaire (a lavish cream that helps skin reach new levels of luminosity
and evenness with extraordinary results), and Skin Caviar Essence-in-Foun-
dation (a fluid, hydrating compact foundation infused with caviar water).


--- Page 7 ---

20

© The plaster brand Hansaplast has launched its first ointment formula on the
market: the Hansaplast Wound Healing Ointment. The formula helps small
wounds heal naturally and quickly, and is also suitable for damaged and irri-
tated skin. Another new product, Hansaplast Wound Spray, provides anti-
septic wound cleansing. With these innovations and the Hansaplast range of
plasters, the brand offers all the products needed for optimal wound care in
three simple steps: 1. Clean with the Hansaplast Wound Spray, 2. Protect with
a plaster or dressing, 3. Heal with the Hansaplast Wound Healing Ointment.

© With the new Labello Lips2Kiss and Nivea Crayon Color Lip Balm, Beiersdorf
has introduced vivid colors and a new way of applying lip care. The Color
Lip Balm, available in five color tones, intensively cares for the lips - based
on natural oils.

© The new Doppelschutz Deo range is the strongest deodorant range from
Hidrofugal to date. Its powerful formula is doubly effective against heat- and
stress-induced perspiration.

As a result of our regional research and development work, we launched the
following tailor-made products, among others, on the market in the reporting
year:

© Inthe Near East region, we introduced the NIVEA MEN Duo body deodorant.
Considering the climate of the region, this “World's 1 Dual Phase Body
Deodorizer” is designed for long-lasting freshness and superior odor control.

© Another regional innovation for the Near East is the NIVEA Face Cleansing
range with rose water which is one of the most popular ingredients in this
region.

tesa

STRUCTURAL ADHESIVES

R&D at tesa in 2018 continued to focus on technologies for structural adhesives.
In this context, tesa expanded its high-performance portfolio of technology
components and developed a range of reactive adhesive tapes for selected
leading applications. The company’s reactive adhesive tapes for automobile
bodies passed the practical test with success. tesa also developed processing
steps together with leading customers. One example is laser activation. The
reactive adhesive tapes used in this application provide quick and precise
bonding. The EU is supporting this research work.

DEVELOPMENT OF SPECIAL ADHESIVE MASSES

tesa also developed special adhesive masses in 2018. These were based on new
acrylic polymers produced using specific innovative polymerization processes.
The special adhesive masses are used, for example, in prototypes for flexible
displays in the electronics industry. As they retain their bonding strength and
visual properties even after being bent or folded many thousands of times, they
are ideal for the next generation of display designs.

HIGH-PERFORMANCE ADHESIVE TAPES FOR SMARTPHONES

In 2018, tesa used extrusion technology, which avoids the use of solvents, to
develop high-performance double-sided tapes for bonding components in
smartphones. “Debonding on demand” requires adhesive tapes that have a
high bonding strength but can also be easily removed without damage. Large
manufacturers have already successfully tested the new adhesive tapes, which
now offer even higher bonding strengths while being even easier to remove.

ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY ADHESIVE MASSES

FOR INDUSTRY

Environmentally friendly adhesive masses that are water-soluble or based on
dispersions also play an important role in development work. tesa has expanded
this technology to new high-performance adhesive tapes. These are odor-free
after bonding and do not release emissions. They are used for cable bandaging
in automobiles as well as in the construction, furniture, and electronics industries.
As a further focus in the reporting year, tesa successfully developed prototypes
with backings made from recycled plastics and new adhesive masses.

STRONG ADHESIVES FOR BATTERIES

tesa made important progress in 2018 in developing technologies and adhesive
tape solutions for adhesives in batteries used to power electric vehicles. The
company has developed adhesive tapes that bind the battery cells and provide
them with reliable electrical insulation before they are combined into battery
modules. Manufacturers of battery systems have already tested the adhesive
tapes with positive results. tesa also developed prototypes using new adhesive
masses and backings that conduct away heat, provide electrical insulation, and
ensure long-lasting strong adhesion. Such a robust adhesive is required for the
high vibration load in the cars’ drive module.

NEW WALL-PLUG-FREE FASTENING SYSTEMS MADE

OF SPECIAL ADHESIVES

Thanks to the acquisition of nie wieder bohren GmbH, tesa once again expand-
ed its technology portfolio in 2017 to include patented wall-plug-free fastening
systems consisting of special adhesives and adapters for everyday bathroom
items. tesa succeeded in the reporting period in further improving storage
stability and waterproofing for critical adhesives. It also developed prototypes
for new applications by taking advantage of synergies with adhesive tape
technologies.

For more information on research and development at Beiersdorf, please visit
WWW.BEIERSDORF.COM/RESEARCH.


--- Page 8 ---

Combined Management Report / Foundation of the Group / Research and Development
Sustainability

Sustainability*

Achieving a good balance between environmental protection, social responsi-
bility, and economic success is at the heart of everything we do. It is deeply
rooted in our corporate culture and integrated in our decision-making and busi-
ness processes. We engage in an open dialog with our stakeholders - especially
employees, suppliers, consumers, and non-governmental organizations (NGOs) -
which is our standard practice as a responsible business.

Detailed information on our commitment to sustainability is available in
our Sustainability Report, which will be published at WwWW.BEIERSDORF.COM/
SUSTAINABILITY_REVIEW.

Consumer

In 2012, we started our “We care.” sustainability strategy for the Consumer
Business Segment. Based on three pillars, “Products,” “Planet,” and “People,” it
covers the full spectrum of sustainability along our value chain - from raw
material sourcing, to the health and safety of our employees, to our social
commitment beyond the company. We regularly review our progress using
environmental and social performance indicators to ensure that our engagement
is truly effective, has a lasting impact, and supports our business strategy.

We implemented various measures throughout the company in all three areas -
“Products,” “Planet,” and “People” - during the reporting period in order to
achieve our sustainability targets.

PRODUCTS

We have clear targets for constantly making our products more environmentally
friendly. By 2020, we aim to generate 50% of our global sales from products
with an improved environmental impact compared to the base year 2011. As of
the end of 2018 we have made a big step towards this target, reaching a minimum
of 49% of sales. We will therefore set ambitious new objectives in this area in the
coming fiscal year. A large proportion of our progress between 2017 and 2018
was the result of replacing many of our palm (kernel) oil-based raw materials
with mass-balanced palm (kernel) oil derivatives.

Since 2011, we have based our palm (kernel) oil sourcing on the “RSPO Supply
Chain Certification Standard.” We have managed to constantly increase our
share of mass-balanced palm (kernel) oil since the first delivery of certified
palm (kernel) oil in 2015. In the reporting year, this enabled us to cover around
63% of our demand for these raw materials using mass-balanced palm (kernel)
oil. By 2020, we aim to substitute all palm (kernel) oil-based ingredients with
sustainable, certified, and mass-balanced alternatives.

We are also focusing on the following strategic measures: transparency in the
supply chain, traceability of our palm (kernel) oil-based raw materials, and im-
proving cultivation methods. We launched our first project in West Kalimantan
(Indonesia) in the reporting year, in which we are cooperating with the WWF to
help smallholder farmers learn and practice sustainable palm (kernel) oil

* This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.

21

cultivation. We work directly on the ground to help bring business practices and
environmental protection in line, which will have the added benefit of improving
the lives of the people living in the project area.

PLANET

As a globally operating, responsible company, our aim is to take all necessary
measures to combat climate change and encourage a sparing and efficient use
of resources. Whether saving water, avoiding waste, or reducing energy con-
sumption, we work on sustainable solutions at every level to bring our business
activities into harmony with the needs of nature and the environment. In 2017,
we set ourselves a new climate target for our “Planet” field of activity. We want
to reduce our energy-related CO, emissions per manufactured product by 70%
by the year 2025 (base year 2014).

The gradual global transition to using renewably generated electricity at all our
sites by 2020 is a cornerstone of our climate strategy, as are further energy
efficiency measures in our production centers. With this action, we aim to
ensure achievement of our targets by 2025. In the 2018 reporting year, we
reduced our emissions per product by 59%. Moreover, 81% of the electricity
we purchased globally already came from renewable sources.

In 2015, we committed ourselves to the goal of “Zero Waste to Landfill.” Our
distribution centers in the United States and Canada ended landfill disposal
in the reporting year. This means that the “Zero waste to landfill” goal has now
been achieved at 16 out of 17 production sites and 21 distribution sites.

We are also committed, in all business segments and processes, to consistently
identify opportunities to minimize water consumption and thus the volume of
wastewater, and are implementing measures to do so. At our plant in Mexico, for
example, we further improved the reverse osmosis facility in 2018. This reduces
water losses during processing and generates significant water savings.

PEOPLE

The wellbeing of our employees is a special priority for us and part and parcel of
our “We care.” sustainability strategy. We are convinced that a healthy and
attractive working environment with diverse development opportunities is
fundamental to the success of our business. Based on our core value “Care,” we
therefore offer a variety of health and safety initiatives. We are also committed
to fair working conditions and transparent, respectful cooperation with all
suppliers and partners along the value chain.

In 2015, we initiated “Zero Accidents,” a program designed to help reduce
potential risks in the workplace. This has been a success: the accident rate
continued to fall also in 2018.

We also actively work beyond our company grounds to sustainably improve the
situation of our fellow citizens. This is the ambitious target behind our “People”
commitment: by 2020 we aim to reach and improve the lives of one million
families.


--- Page 9 ---

22

We use two tools to pursue this ambitious commitment: the social sponsoring
activities of our brands and our corporate philanthropy. Since 2013, we have
already reached 961,936 families via our commitment. We are proud of this
achievement and can confirm that we will have reached our quantitative target
by 2020.

An insight into the social projects we carried out in 2018 along with
further information on sustainability at Beiersdorf can be found at
WWW.BEIERSDORF.COM/SUSTAINABILITY.

tesa

RESPONSIBILITY

Corporate responsibility is key to generating sustainable added value at tesa.
Climate protection, responsible use of resources, and occupational health and
safety are therefore an active part of our corporate culture and business
processes. Moreover, civic engagement is firmly anchored in tesa’s corporate
values.

CLIMATE AND ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

tesa’s primary environmental impact is the energy consumption at its produc-
tion sites. The focus is therefore on reducing CO, emissions. Environmental
management systems are used at all sites with a significant environmental
impact in order to control environmental performance effectively. Seven
production sites and tesa’s Global Headquarters now have an ISO 14001-certi-
fied environmental management system. Global Headquarters and the sites
with the highest CO, emissions (Hamburg and Offenburg) additionally have
an ISO 50001 certified energy management system.

With its environmental program, tesa has been setting company-wide targets
to continuously reduce its environmental impact since 2001. The current target
period applies to the years 2016 to 2020. Over this period, specific CO, emis-
sions per metric ton of end product (location-based) are to be cut by a further
10% compared to the 2015 reference year. One strategic approach is the use of
energy- and resource-saving technologies, such as efficient generation of the
company’s own energy through combined heat and power plants and the
purchase of electricity from renewable sources. On the reporting date, the CO,
emissions per tonne of end product were 8.3% lower than the reference year
2015 (location-based method).

With its waste and raw materials management, tesa aims to minimize losses of
the raw materials used in production, to use materials efficiently, and to recycle
them whenever possible. Safe waste and hazardous waste containing solvents
is almost fully recycled. By 2020, tesa aims to cut the specific waste volume per
tonne of end product by a further two percentage points in comparison with the
2015 reference year. As of the reporting date, we were on target Group-wide.

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

To avoid work-related accidents and health hazards before they arise, preven-
tion and raising awareness among staff are prioritized. The strategic aim is to
reduce the number of accidents to zero.

Health and safety management is focused on production sites as these have a
higher risk of accidents and health impairments than office locations. We employ
our own safety specialists at all ISO 14001-certified sites. They are familiar
both with tesa’s global health and occupational safety guidelines and with local
circumstances.

The frequency of accidents >3 days at tesa in 2018 was 1.9 per million
hours worked globally. This was well below the German industry average of
11.6 (BG RCI).

CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP

We as a company want to look beyond our core business in making a positive
contribution to society. As part of the tesa corporate citizenship strategy, we
are focusing on three strategic core areas: social commitment, supporting
education, and environmental protection. At project level, these are divided
into the four pillars “tesa helps” and “tesa donates” (social), “tesa supports”
(education), and “tesa protects” (environment).

We supported diverse projects around the world once again in 2018:

© The “tesa helps” initiative provides practical assistance to communities and
supports social organizations with various projects at tesa locations. As part
of the partnership with Hamburg’s “tatkraftig - Hande fiir Hamburg” initia-
tive, five teams with a total of 58 volunteers took part in projects for social
and charitable organizations such as children’s and youth centers, day care
centers, and refugee accommodation in 2018. They got involved in games
and craft activities, for example, as well as in gardening, decorating, and
renovation.

© Since 2010, tesa staff in Slovakia have been supporting the “Deti Slovenska”
(Children of Slovakia) foundation, which cares for children with hemophilia.
Every year, a group of tesa employees organize an afternoon of fun and
games for the children.

© “tesa donates” supports the work of a number of institutions with product
donations and financial contributions. For example, staff can donate a small
amount from their monthly salary and tesa then doubles this contribution.
In 2018, we provided more than €7,500 of funding to the food bank
Norderstedter Tafel e. V.

© As a technology-based company, tesa is very aware of the fundamental
importance of education and qualified young people. That is why the company
cooperates with the “Initiative Naturwissenschaft und Technik” (Science and
Technology Initiative) under “tesa supports.” In 2018, tesa offered students
from various Hamburg secondary schools an insight into the everyday working
life of scientists in the form of three STEM project days.

© The tesa plant in Suzhou, China, has been involved in the “tesa Sunshine
Education Assistance” program for ten years. This aims to improve the
elementary school education of the children of migrant workers. A total of
about 630 children have already received a scholarship.

© tesa staff in China have been contributing to the “Million Tree Project” since
2015. In 2018, volunteers once again took part in a tree-planting campaign in
Inner Mongolia.

More detailed information is available in the annual sustainability report at
WWW.TESA.COM/RESPONSIBILITY.


--- Page 10 ---

Combined Management Report / Foundation of the Group / Sustainability
People at Beiersdorf

People at Beiersdorf*

It is our employees who make us what we are as a company. At the same time,
our business success reflects our good relationship with our employees. In fact,
Beiersdorf’s achievements as a company are thanks not only to their individual
professional qualifications but also their commitment, to which their wellbeing
is a significant contributor. These central ideas are firmly embedded in our Core
Values and in our Roadmap 2020.

As of December 31, 2018, we employed 20,059 people worldwide, an increase
of 5.9% compared with the previous year (18,934). Of this total, 6,676 (previous
year: 6,281) were employed in Germany, a share of 33%. A total of 15,142 people
worked in the Consumer Business Segment (previous year: 14,477) and 4,917
at tesa (previous year: 4,457).

Consumer

THE HEART OF GOOD HUMAN RESOURCES WORK:

OUR PEOPLE AGENDA

Three years ago, as part of our Roadmap 2020, we established a program to put
a spotlight on our employees and organization: the People Agenda. In the
reporting year, we continued to work on the program’s areas of strategic focus,
as described briefly below:

o Employee engagement: Employee engagement is a decisive factor in the
way we do business. Since 2013, an annual, Group-wide employee survey has
been our tool to identify where action is needed at team and organizational
level. In 2018, we enhanced the questionnaire and used a faster and more
flexible survey tool in selected regions. This is set to be rolled out globally
in 2019.

© Lean structures and improved processes: At the end of the reporting year,
we established a new global tool to steer human resources work. This was
another important step toward the digitalized future and established a much
better technological basis for innovative HR operations. The online tool
brings together all the relevant information about an employee and allows all
processes relating to talent reviews, employee development, and training
selection and booking to be combined centrally. It also creates greater trans-
parency and a better overview for all parties involved: employees, managers,
and Human Resources.

© Talent development: A professional HR organization is the basis for the opti-
mal development of our employees. We encourage the individual talent and
potential of our staff, and offer all employees the opportunity to actively
mold their career to their own abilities and interests. Our professional de-
velopment provision includes programs for new talents, language courses,
specialized training, and dedicated programs for managers. We aim to fill
management positions with talented people from within our own ranks. To
make this possible, we systematically prepare our employees for their new
roles. In 2018, 75% of positions at the first management level (previous year:
75%, Roadmap 2020 target: 75%) and 80% at the second management level
(previous year: 88%, Roadmap 2020 target: 90%) were awarded to internal
candidates.

* This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.

23

GROUP EMPLOYEES
as of Dec. 31

17,659 17,934 18,934 20,059

2015 2016 2017 2018

GROUP EMPLOYEES BY REGION (IN %)
as of Dec. 31; total 20,059 employees

Africa/Asia/Australia

26.6
Europe
58.4
Americas
15.0

To ensure a strong management pipeline and a high degree of transparency
about the potential within the organization, we overhauled the talent review
process in the reporting year, standardizing it around the world. All employees
who are either outside collective agreements or in the top pay grade under
a collective agreement can take part in this. They then receive additional
personal feedback from their manager.

Beiersdorf uses various different methods for identifying new talents and
helping their long-term development. In Hamburg alone, we trained 112
young people in nine occupations in the year under review. The value we
place on approaching potential employees at an early stage is demonstrated
by a special initiative that forms part of our recruitment work: the Inter-
national Internship Challenge. In 2018, for the fifth year in a row, we invited
the best 32 students from some 1,500 applicants living all around the world
to a two-day career event at our Group headquarters in Hamburg. At the
end of the challenge, four internships outside Germany were awarded in
Brand Management & Digital Marketing, Sales & e-commerce, Supply Chain
Management, and Finance & Controlling.

© Internationalization: As a global company operating in many different
cultural and economic contexts, we continuously invest in expanding the
international and cross-functional experience of our employees. Employees
from 100 countries worked at Beiersdorf as of the end of the reporting year
(previous year: 98). 39% (previous year: 37%) of the managers from our top
three management groups had lived and worked outside of their home
countries for at least three years.


--- Page 11 ---

24

© Leadership and learning: We promote the talent and potential of our em-
ployees, which means that we are already addressing future needs today.
Lifelong learning is more than just a catchphrase for us; it is instead essential
to continuously keeping up with profound changes in the working world. We
have therefore established a wide portfolio of training (see also “Knowledge
and learning”). In addition to the culture of learning, good leadership is also
a central aspect of our People Agenda. Our goal under our leadership
concept is to develop leaders who are authentic and inspiring and who
empower their team to outstanding achievements (see also “Leadership
and employee engagement”).

NEW WORLD OF WORK - NEW WAYS OF WORKING

The working world is undergoing profound transformation. Digitalization, tech-
nological change, and the volatility of global markets call for one thing above all
else from our employees and our business as a whole: the constant willingness
to learn and adapt. As a company operating in many different countries world-
wide, we are equipped to meet this need. We are supporting our employees to
develop the necessary awareness of this change and encouraging them to
integrate new working methods and learning techniques into their day-to-day
work and to take a more connected and digital approach than ever before. We
are thereby creating the basis today for our success tomorrow.

With the “We Shape the Way We Work” initiative, we implemented our global
Agile Working strategy across the company in 2017. We forged ahead in the
reporting year with this employee participation-based initiative, implementing
and continuing measures that contribute toward the four areas of Agile Working:

Work environment

Knowledge and learning

Leadership and employee engagement

Participation in decision-making and company success

oo00

PART-TIME EMPLOYEES BY REGION (IN %)

2017 2018

Europe 1 ll
Americas 1 1
Africa/Asia/Australia 2 2
7 7

Work environment

To recruit, develop, and retain qualified employees, we constantly work to
increase our attractiveness as an employer. The main aim is to create a working
culture and working conditions that boost the performance, commitment, and
satisfaction of all employees.

We offer modern working conditions and a diverse range of flexible-working
options that are built on trust. This helps our employees to work effectively and
maintain a healthy work-life balance. 58% of our organizations (previous year:
56%) offer their employees to use flex time, 65% (previous year: 63%) mobile

working or home office, 48% (previous year: 45%) part-time working, and 21%
(previous year: 21%) offer the opportunity to take sabbaticals. Alongside
standard part-time working, job sharing (where two employees share the same
position) has long been part of our culture, including at management level.
Using the “two:share” in-house online platform, those interested in job sharing
can set up a profile - anonymously if they prefer - and search for a suitable
tandem partner. A special matching algorithm also actively suggests appropriate
candidates (see also “Equal opportunities and diversity”).

We switched the first workstations to the new Office 365 technology in the
reporting year. This was a big step toward the digital working world of the
future, which will help us in the coming months to work together in an even
more connected way and communicate more effectively. The global rollout of
Office 365 is due to be completed in 2019. Apps such as “Teams” or “Yammer,” an
internal Twitter-style service, will significantly change our ways of collaboration,
making this more efficient.

The company’s own health management, which is enhanced from year to year,
is another important aspect in shaping Beiersdorf’s reputation as an attractive
employer. Our “good for me” program seeks to maintain the health and perfor-
mance of our employees ona long-term and sustainable basis as well as encour-
age them to take initiative in staying healthy. Approximately 92% of Beiersdorf
organizations worldwide offer health promotion measures (previous year: 82%).

Knowledge and learning

In today’s fast-changing working world, the importance of lifelong learning is
constantly increasing. We therefore systematically invest in the professional
development of our employees and support their talents in an individualized and
lasting way. This ensures that they can keep pace with the latest developments
and have the skills they need now and in the future. In 2018, our employees in all
regions once again benefited from the training provided by the Beiersdorf
Academy. Alongside learning on the job and learning from colleagues, this
forms the foundation for our continuous learning within the organization. The
range of training programs with a total of 12 functional and cross-functional
academy segments, including development opportunities for managers, digital
competencies, and agile working methods, has further expanded. For example,
sales, planning, and quality academies were added with completely new train-
ing concepts in 2018. The content of our training continues to mix theory with
practical examples. Our constantly expanding range of online-based, virtual
learning formats also gives our employees access to knowledge at any time and
nurtures the habit of continuous learning.

Leadership and employee engagement

With “Leadership the Beiersdorf Way,” which we launched in 2017, we estab-
lished our understanding of a good leadership culture at Beiersdorf. This is based
on our Core Values of Care, Simplicity, Courage, and Trust. The aim of Leader-
ship the Beiersdorf Way is to develop leaders who are authentic and inspiring
and who empower their team to outstanding achievements. This approach
aligns leadership partly with the perspective of those who are being led, thus
increasing the acceptance and engagement of all employees.


--- Page 12 ---

Combined Management Report / Foundation of the Group / People at Beiersdorf

Following the Beiersdorf philosophy, good managers set an example and drive
the necessary processes of transformation within the company in a changing
working world. Their approach encourages a combination of empowerment and
depowerment. This means that managers transfer more decision-making
powers to their employees (empowerment) and, for the sake of faster process-
es, step back from some areas where they previously made the decisions
(depowerment). To develop these and other skills, Beiersdorf offers its manag-
ers diverse training options, including in collaboration with the renowned
IMD Business School. Alongside tailor-made management development pro-
grams, the offering also includes open-enrollment programs. One of these pro-
grams “The First 90 Days,” has been specially developed for managers who are
taking on critical new roles, have been appointed from outside the company, or
are taking a challenging step within Beiersdorf. The aim of the training is to
diagnose the situation within the team, define strategic approaches, forge alli-
ances, and define an action plan to provide successful input within the first
90 days. The program also provides a common framework for multiple managers
who assume new roles at the same time.

Another area of emphasis for us is employee engagement. Since 2013, we have
used an annual employee survey to promote open dialogue within teams. We
encourage all employees to take the initiative in defining and implementing
targeted measures based on the survey results. In 2018, we enhanced the
survey and used a faster and more flexible survey tool in selected regions. The
new survey platform, which is set to be rolled out globally for the next Group-
wide survey in 2019, enables real-time feedback and mobile access.

Participation in decision-making and company success

Dialogue on an equal footing with employees is a reality at Beiersdorf. Our
employees participate in key decision-making processes with a major influence
on the success of our company. The close involvement of employee represent-
atives is also part of our corporate culture. At the end of 2018, 56% (previous
year: 51%) of our organizations worldwide had a works council, a union organ-
ization, or another form of employee representation, despite this being a legal
requirement for only 45% (previous year: 37%) of our organizations.

Events at global and local level, such as town hall meetings, round tables, and
online chats, offer our employees an opportunity to talk directly to the Execu-
tive Board and other senior managers at eye level. We also allow our employees
to actively help shape the working world of tomorrow in a multitude of ways.
One major project in the reporting year that put a particular emphasis on
employee participation was the future Beiersdorf campus. The new Group
headquarters at the company premises on Troplowitzstrasse, Hamburg, are due
to be completed in 2021 and will contain approximately 3,000 state-of-the-art
workstations. In addition to providing continual project updates and holding
town hall meetings, the project team initiated various online surveys and an
interactive platform, on which some 25% of the workforce in Hamburg contrib-
uted their own ideas and suggestions for the new campus. At the end of the
initiative, all ideas were examined for feasibility and - depending on the result -
integrated into further project planning. Alongside digitalization and sus-
tainability, discussion centered particularly on desired employee services, the
workplace of the future, and teamwork.

25

Equal opportunities and diversity

As a globally operating company, we regard the diversity of our workforce as a
particular field of opportunity. Diversity is therefore a central element of our
strategic orientation and helps to position Beiersdorf as an attractive employer.
People from different nations, cultures, and generations and of all genders work
with us at Beiersdorf. We want to systematically promote this diversity and
harness the benefits it provides. Different perspectives make us more innovative
and competitive, and allow us to better understand consumer needs.

As of December 31, 2018, we employed people from 100 countries around the
world. At our Hamburg headquarters alone, the ratio of international employees
increased to 17.1% (previous year: 16.5%). At the end of 2018, 39% of our manag-
ers in the top three levels of management had at least three years’ experience
of working abroad (previous year: 37%).

Alongside internationalization, gender diversity - equal professional develop-
ment opportunities for men and women - has long been of the utmost impor-
tance to us. We have adjusted the gender diversity targets for Beiersdorf AG
to be in line with German legislation after it was introduced in March 2015.
Accordingly, we have been determining the achievement of these KPls at the
management reporting levels. The proportion of women at the first manage-
ment level of Beiersdorf AG at the end of 2018 was 24% (previous year: 26%). At
the second level, the proportion was 48% (previous year: 46%). Dessi Temper-
ley, who took over as CFO with effect from July 1, 2018, became the first woman
to join the Beiersdorf Executive Board. This development took Beiersdorf a
major step closer toward its five-year goal formulated in summer 2017, which
aims, by 2022, to raise the proportion of women to 10% on the Executive Board,
35% at the first management level, and 50% at the second management level.

GENDER DISTRIBUTION BY REGION

male female Employees

Cin %) Cin %) (total)

Germany 51 49 4,110
Europe (excl. Germany) 40 60 4,078
North America 33 67 352
South America 43 57 2,176
Africa/Asia/Australia 51 49 4,426
15,142

Worldwide 46 54

On a global level, we use the first three management groups as benchmarks. In
the year under review, the proportion of women was 30% (previous year: 29%;
target 2022: 35%).

La Prairie, too, promotes equal opportunities for men and women and placed
great value on gender diversity in recruitment for the top level of management.
The proportion of female executives as of December 31, 2018, was 38%, thus
exceeding the 30% target.


--- Page 13 ---

26

Beiersdorf has taken a wide range of measures in recent years to achieve a
balanced gender mix at all management levels. Since mid-2018, we have brought
all these activities together under the umbrella of our global “enCourage”
initiative. These efforts encompass various dimensions - onboarding, network-
ing, personal development, and job and private life - and are not aimed solely
at women. While some networks and development opportunities have been
specially developed for female employees, others - such as measures for
achieving a healthy work-life balance - are clearly aimed at the entire workforce.

Promoting job sharing is also important in this context. We enable job sharing
at all levels, helping employees balance work and private life. At the end of the
fiscal year, there were 19 job-sharing tandems at Beiersdorf in Germany. Eleven
tandems performed management roles on a part-time basis. Our online plat-
form two:share, established in November 2016, not only helps our employees
look for a matching tandem partner, but also provides all Beiersdorf staff with
comprehensive information about job sharing and helps with active networking.
Beiersdorf is thus one of the pioneers among the DAX 30 companies where this
model of agile working has become part of the corporate culture.

We also continued to promote age diversity in the reporting year. In the Con-
sumer Business Segment in Germany, the proportion of employees aged over
50 rose from 31% in 2017 to 32%. The average age among employees as of
December 31, 2018, was 42 (previous year: 42). A good mix of ages helps us
take advantage of the strengths of different generations and avoid spikes in
retirement.

Further information on people at Beiersdorf is available in our Sustainability
Report, which also contains the summarized, separate non-financial report of the
Beiersdorf Group (Consumer and tesa Business Segments) and of Beiersdorf AG
in accordance with § 289b (3) Handelsgesetzbuch (German Commercial Code,
HGB) in conjunction with § 315b (1), (3) HGB.

Additional information can be found at wwW.BEIERSDORF.COM/CAREER.

AGE STRUCTURE IN THE CONSUMER BUSINESS SEGMENT GERMANY
CIN %)

2017 2018
> 60 years 5 4
51-60 years 25 25
41-50 years 24 22
31-40 years 27 27
21-30 years 18 19

< 20 years 2 2

tesa

The training and commitment of its staff make a major contribution to tesa’s
business success, quality, and sustainability. Being an attractive employer is
therefore a vital prerequisite for the company’s ongoing positive performance.
As one of the world’s technology leaders in the field of technical adhesive tapes
and adhesive system solutions, tesa relies on the recruitment and long-term
retention of highly qualified staff.

PERSONNEL DEVELOPMENT

In 2018, tesa invested in advanced training and further attractive development
opportunities for its staff. One focus was on training managers in order to give
them new tools to facilitate them in their leadership tasks along with assistance
in specific areas. With the “Sales and Marketing Qualification” development
program, tesa focused in 2018 on pricing strategy. Therefore, the company
tested various training methods and integrated these into regular training
measures. tesa successfully completed the development and production of
e-onboarding in 2018 and has made this available to all corporate units world-
wide in two languages. tesa is making increasing use of e-learning and blended
learning for knowledge transfer. These learning methods give employees the
opportunity to acquire new knowledge anytime and anywhere. At the same
time, face-to-face training still plays an important role. Alongside the employee
appraisals based on the tesa competency model, annual talent management
workshops are also becoming an increasingly important part of the develop-
ment opportunities in the company.

LEADERSHIP CULTURE

Managers’ ability to offer employees a motivating work environment and
encourage them to express their talents is key to tesa’s business success and its
attractiveness as an employer. In 2018, tesa therefore further intensified the
leadership program. Essential Leadership Training has been used across the
board since the middle of the year. The aim is to give all managers worldwide the
same understanding of leadership. The Advanced Leadership Training piloted in
the previous year was completed in 2018 and is now available as a further mod-
ule for tesa management training. It gives managers the opportunity to tackle
particularly difficult leadership challenges and develop new solutions under
the guidance of a trainer. Since 2018, short training units exploring leadership
for new forms of collaboration have rounded off the program. These include
leadership in a matrix and leading virtual teams.

ATTRACTIVE WORKING ENVIRONMENT

tesa is active in various areas to promote a safe and healthy working environ-
ment and boost the commitment and motivation of staff. Alongside leader-
ship, development opportunities, and performance-related pay, factors such as
occupational health and safety are increasingly influencing employee retention.


--- Page 14 ---

Combined Management Report / Foundation of the Group / People at Beiersdorf

Investments in technical and occupational health and safety measures and
training, along with a campaign to raise awareness, meant that the rate of
work-related accidents was again considerably below the industry average in
2018. The corporate health management scheme “It’s for you” and the “tesa
sport club” took a new approach in 2018 with a wide range of courses. From
health check-ups to back-strengthening training programs and physiotherapy,
employees can take advantage of an interdisciplinary offering.

CONTINUOUS DIALOGUE

tesa regularly reviews its training and development portfolio with an anony-
mous employee survey. To meet the high need for information identified among
employees, tesa organized an “HR Market Place” for the second time in 2018 to
inform interested staff members about the various offerings and development
opportunities. This was very well received, and it is planned to repeat the event
in 2019.

Further information on the measures described can be found in the tesa
Sustainability Report.

27


--- Page 15 ---

28

Economic Report

Economic Environment

General Economic Situation

After a strong first six months, the pace of growth in the global economy weak-
ened over the remainder of 2018. This left the growth rate for the full year on a
par with the previous year’s level. The United States remained the growth driver,
while Europe, China, and the emerging markets saw momentum slow again in
the latter part of the year. Global growth was, however, bolstered by consumer

GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT (IN %)*
Change versus previous year

2.2
1.5,

| 0.7
|

Germany United States Japan

1.9 1.9

Eurozone

previous year
mi current year

INFLATION RATE (IN %)*
Change versus previous year

1.820

2.5
21
1.8
1.5
1.0
a |

Germany Eurozone United States Japan
previous year
current year.
CONSUMER SPENDING (IN %)*
Change versus previous year
2.526
18 16
u 13 i

ed
a

Germany Eurozone United States Japan

previous year
m current year

* Commerzbank Research

spending and investment. The general political and economic uncertainty
surrounding geopolitical conflicts, the unknown long-term consequences of the
United Kingdom leaving the European Union (Brexit), and the future political
direction of the United States put the brakes on global economic growth in the
second half of the year.

Economic growth in Europe increasingly lost momentum in 2018 due to lower
global demand and a heavily export-dependent economy. The ongoing threat
of trade disputes and the appreciation of the Euro led to lower growth, especially
in the three biggest Eurozone member states (Germany, France, and Italy). Con-
sumer spending and the willingness to invest, boosted by the positive trend in
the labor market and continued low interest rates, were the key factors support-
ing growth. Nevertheless, political uncertainty remained high due to separatist
conflicts in Spain, the proliferation of anti-European movements, and the difficult
exit negotiations with the United Kingdom.

Economic growth in Germany lost momentum compared with the previous year,
but continued to rest on strong fundamentals. Once again, the main growth
drivers were consumer spending, backed by wage growth and the continued
strong labor market, as well as investments generated by the favorable financing
conditions under the European Central Bank’s (ECB) expansionary monetary
policy.

In the United States, economic growth picked up in 2018, mainly due to tax cuts
and substantially increased government spending. Growth was boosted by rising
consumer spending on the back of the continued healthy labor market situation,
and by investments.

In Japan, the moderate pace of growth was weakened by downturns in the first
and third quarters, partly caused by natural disasters. Growth thus fell short of the
previous year’s level, but continued to be bolstered by companies’ willingness
to invest.

Emerging markets economies experienced varied degrees of growth. In China,
the growth rate was slightly down on the previous year. Momentum was under-
pinned especially by fiscal policy stimulus. However, this only partly offset
declines in production, particularly in the automotive sector, and weaker
construction activities. In India, the economy expanded strongly following the
weak performance in the previous year. General political uncertainty weighed
on economic growth in the Middle East. A slight economic recovery continued
in Brazil, where growth was on a par with the previous year. The political situa-
tion surrounding the elections in October hit growth, as did the strike by truck
drivers in May. Sentiment improved following the elections in October. Corrup-
tion, lack of reform, and political uncertainty all negatively affected the economic
situation. In Russia, economic growth was positive again in 2018 but gained little
momentum. The Soccer World Cup did not provide as much tailwind as ex-
pected. Nevertheless, consumer spending and historically low inflation drove
economic expansion. Ongoing international sanctions continued to put a heavy
strain on the Russian economy.


--- Page 16 ---

Combined Management Report / Economic Report / Economic Environment
Results of Operations

Sales Market Trends

After a moderate performance in the first half of 2018, the global growth rate in
the cosmetics market - the market relevant for Beiersdorf - rose over the
remainder of the year, outperforming the previous year’s level. Growth impetus
came especially from North America, Asia, Africa, and Australia. The Middle
East and Europe also saw positive growth, albeit at a relatively low level in the
case of the latter region. Only in South America did the growth rate fall short of
the previous year’s figure.

For the tesa Business Segment, 2018 was marked by the subdued performance
of the automotive sector. Production in Germany declined, while China and
North America saw only muted growth. Southeast Asia and Eastern Europe
were the growth drivers. Consumer electronics, especially smartphones and
tablets, also saw a slight downward trend. Wearables (fitness bracelets and
smart watches) provided a market boost. The packaging and construction
industry also performed largely positively.

Procurement Market Trends

The situation on the commodity markets was generally tight. This was due to
numerous supply bottlenecks as a result of force majeure combined with capa-
city shortages in the market for primary materials. The average oil price for 2018

Results of Operations

Results of Operations - Group

29

as a whole considerably exceeded that seen in 2017. The purchasing volumes
generated by our strong business performance improved our purchasing posi-
tion. This, along with other accompanying measures, enabled us to cushion rises
in the cost of raw materials.

Overall Assessment of the Economic Environment
Macroeconomic growth in 2018 was positive despite significant (geo)political and
structural risks, and held steady at the prior-year level. The situation in the global
cosmetics market improved overall, showing solid growth in 2018. However, many
regions and markets posed specific challenges. Despite this challenging environ-
ment, the Consumer Business Segment increased its sales and outperformed the
market as a whole.

In the automotive sector, which is important to tesa, and in consumer electronics,
the economic environment was considerably more subdued in 2018 than in the
previous year. Despite difficult market conditions, tesa once again achieved
healthy sales growth. This was primarily thanks to its sales outperforming the
market in consumer electronics, particularly in Asia, and to the continuation of the
positive trend in the automotive industry, especially in the United States. Up-and-
coming categories such as wearables provided additional market stimulus, along
with the packaging and construction industry.

INCOME STATEMENT (IN € MILLION)

2017 2018 Change in %*
Sales 7,056 7,233 2.5
Cost of goods sold -2,910 -3,075 57
Gross profit 4,146 4,158 0.3
Marketing and selling expenses -2,471 -2,484 0.5
Research and development expenses -196 -211 76
General and administrative expenses -395 404 23
Other operating result (excluding special factors) 4 54 -
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) 1,088 1,113 2.3
Special factors - -16 -
Operating result (EBIT) 1,088 1,097 0.8
Financial result -66 49 -
Profit before tax 1,022 1,048 2.5
Income taxes 333 303 -8.9
Profit after tax 689 745 8.1

* Percentage changes are calculated based on thousands of euros.

SALES

Organic Group sales in 2018 were up 5.4% on the previous year. The Consumer
Business Segment grew by 5.0%. tesa achieved a 6.8% rise in sales. In nominal
terms, Group sales rose by 2.5% as against the prior year to €7,233 million
(previous year: €7,056 million).

In Europe, organic sales were up 4.0% on the previous year. In nominal terms,
sales stood at €3,673 million (previous year: €3,568 million), 2.9% higher than
the prior-year figure.

Organic growth in the Americas amounted to 2.3%. Sales fell in nominal terms
by 3.1% to €1,267 million (previous year: €1,307 million).

The Africa/Asia/Australia region reported organic growth of 9.4%. In nominal
terms, growth of 5.1% to €2,293 million was recorded (previous year: €2,181
million).


--- Page 17 ---

30

GROUP SALES (IN € MILLION)

6,686 6,752 7,056 7,233

2015 2016 2017 2018

GROUP SALES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/Asia/Australia

31.7
Europe
50.8
Americas
17.5

GROUP EBIT (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

962 1,015 1,088 1,13

2015 2016 2017 2018

GROUP PROFIT AFTER TAX (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

671 727 689 756

2015 2016 2017 2018

EXPENSES/OTHER OPERATING RESULT

The cost of goods sold climbed by 5.7%, which was faster than the increase in
sales. Price pressure on our sales and procurement markets, exchange rate
effects, and changes in the product and country mix had a negative impact on
the development of gross profit. This was offset by efficiency improvements in
production, logistics, and purchasing.

Marketing and selling expenses increased slightly but at a lower rate than sales
and amounted to €2,484 million (previous year: €2,471 million). The marketing
budget was adjusted to the changed market conditions and especially the
change in consumers’ media use. A total of €1,532 million (previous year: €1,522
million) was spent on advertising and trade marketing. We further consolidated
our market position by investing in marketing and sales in a number of countries,
especially in emerging markets.

Research and development expenditure rose considerably and totaled €211
million (previous year: €196 million). This strengthened Beiersdorf’s ability to
respond to the requirements of consumers and customers and to develop inno-
vative products and system solutions. General and administrative expenses
rose in line with sales from €395 million to €404 million. They included the effects
of regionalization through the foundation of new subsidiaries, the cost of the
acquisitions at tesa, and expenditure on updating and securing our information
systems. The other operating result (excluding special factors) improved to
€54 million (previous year: €4 million). This was mainly due to higher proceeds
from the sale of fixed assets, currency gains, and increased reversal of provisions.

OPERATING RESULT (EBIT, EXCLUDING SPECIAL FACTORS)

The Beiersdorf Group's results of operations are determined on the basis of the
operating result (EBIT) excluding special factors. This figure is not part of IFRSs
and should be treated merely as voluntary additional information. The special
factors listed are one-time, non-operating transactions.

EBIT excluding special factors rose to €1,113 million (previous year: €1,088 million),
while the EBIT margin was 15.4% (previous year: 15.4%). The Consumer Business
Segment generated EBIT excluding special factors of €903 million (previous
year: €881 million); the EBIT margin reached 15.3% (previous year: 15.2%). EBIT
at tesa was €210 million (previous year: €207 million); the EBIT margin was
15.7% (previous year: 16.5%).

The Group operating result before special factors in Europe was €637 million (pre-
vious year: €628 million). The EBIT margin was 17.3% (previous year: 17.6%). The
operating result before special factors in the Americas amounted to €132 million
(previous year: €142 million). The EBIT margin was 10.4% (previous year: 10.9%).
In Africa/Asia/Australia, EBIT excluding special factors amounted to €344 million
(previous year: €318 million). The EBIT margin was 15.0% (previous year: 14.6%).

SPECIAL FACTORS

The special factors recognized consisted solely of extraordinary amortization of
€16 million on a Chinese hair care brand. No special factors were recognized in
2017.

OPERATING RESULT (EBIT)
The operating result (EBIT) amounted to €1,097 million (previous year: €1,088
million). This corresponds to an EBIT margin of 15.2% (previous year: 15.4%).


--- Page 18 ---

Combined Management Report / Economic Report / Results of Operations

FINANCIAL RESULT

The financial result amounted to €-49 million (previous year: €-66 million). The
result was affected by losses in the value of financial assets and negative
exchange rate effects.

INCOME TAXES

Income taxes amounted to €303 million (previous year: €333 million). This trend
was attributable to the positive development of the position “prior-year taxes” and
higher income from deferred taxes. The tax rate was 28.9% (previous year: 32.6%).

PROFIT AFTER TAX
Profit after tax was €745 million (previous year: €689 million); the return on
sales after tax was 10.3% (previous year: 9.8%). Excluding special factors,

Results of Operations - Business Segments
CONSUMER

31

profit after tax amounted to €756 million (previous year: €689 million). The
corresponding return on sales after tax was 10.5% (previous year: 9.8%).

EARNINGS PER SHARE - DIVIDENDS

Earnings per share were €3.21 (previous year: €2.96). Excluding special factors,
earnings per share amounted to €3.26 (previous year: €2.96). These figures were
calculated on the basis of the weighted number of shares bearing dividend rights
(226,818,984). The Executive Board and Supervisory Board will propose a divi-
dend of €0.70 per no-par value share bearing dividend rights to the Annual
General Meeting (previous year: €0.70). For further information on the number,
type, and notional value of the shares, please refer to Note 17 “Share Capital” in
the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

SALES - CONSUMER BUSINESS SEGMENT (IN € MILLION)

Change (in %)

Jan. 1 - Dec. 31, 2017 Jan. 1- Dec. 31, 2018 nominal organic

Europe 2,861 2,941 2.8 4.2
Western Europe 2,280 2,354 3.2 3.9
Eastern Europe 581 587 lt. 5.3
Americas 1,117 1,051 -5.9 11
North America 427 441 3.4 73
Latin America 690 610 “117 -2.8
Africa/Asia/Australia 1,821 1,898 4.2 8.8
Total 5,799 5,890 1.6 5.0

Sales in the Consumer Business Segment achieved organic, volume-driven
growth of 5.0% in 2018. Exchange rate effects reduced sales by 3.4 percentage
points. In nominal terms, sales therefore increased by 1.6% to €5,890 million
(previous year: €5,799 million).

In the emerging markets, we gained market share with double-digit sales
growth rates in some cases. NIVEA and the Derma business unit, which includes
the Eucerin and Aquaphor brands, once again achieved healthy growth rates
overall. Our La Prairie brand performed outstandingly this year.

Strong earnings in the Western European markets were further boosted. In
North America, as well as in most of the emerging markets, results improved
considerably. Increased investments led to losses in only a few countries.

EBIT excluding special factors was €903 million (previous year: €881 million),
while the corresponding EBIT margin rose to 15.3% (previous year: 15.2%).

CONSUMER SALES (IN € MILLION)

5,546 5,606 5,799 5,890

2015 2016 2017 2018

CONSUMER EBIT (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

771 829 881 903

2015 2016 2017 2018



--- Page 19 ---

32

CONSUMER SALES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/Asia/Australia

32.2
Europe
49.9
Americas
17.8

CONSUMER SALES IN EUROPE (IN € MILLION)

2,816 2,801 2,861 2,941

2015 2016 2017 2018

CONSUMER SALES IN THE AMERICAS (IN € MILLION)

1,076 1,078 1,117,051

2015 2016 2017 2018

CONSUMER SALES IN AFRICA/ASIA/AUSTRALIA (IN € MILLION)

1,654 1,727 1,821 1,898

2015 2016 2017 2018

NIVEA grew organically by 2.8% globally in 2018. The key growth drivers were
NIVEA Body, NIVEA Shower, and NIVEA Sun. In these categories, NIVEA Body
Pleasure, which was introduced in the previous year, as well as the newly launched
NIVEA Body Mousses and the NIVEA Sun face care range, were significant growth
drivers. Innovations, such as the NIVEA Deep range for men, and the face-cleans-
ing NIVEA MicellAIR® Skin Expert range, contributed substantially to growth.

Overall, NIVEA maintained its strong position despite various challenges in the
markets. In the NIVEA Body category, we extended our market share particularly
in Saudi Arabia, India, and Mexico. For our NIVEA Shower category, especially
Germany showed a positive development of market shares. In the NIVEA Deo
category, market share gains were achieved in Indonesia, and Mexico. At
country level, NIVEA achieved especially positive growth in market share in
Germany, India, Saudi Arabia, and Mexico. A decline in market share was seen
particularly in Thailand, Italy, and Poland.

The Derma business unit increased sales by 5.9%. Business developed very
positively especially in the United States, Germany, and Thailand. Eucerin’s main
categories Body, Face, and Sun as well as Aquaphor played an especially large
part in growth.

Sales in Healthcare, which includes the Hansaplast and Elastoplast brands,
were down 1.8% on the previous year. This negative trend was attributable to
the sports bandages product category in Australia and the economic crisis in
Argentina. Meanwhile, the core wound care business performed positively,
achieving gains in market share.

In the selective cosmetics segment, our La Prairie brand increased organic sales
by an outstanding 38.5%. Growth came from higher sales in the travel retail
business, especially at airports, and the Skin Caviar Collection with its core
range (particularly Skin Caviar Liquid Lift). The newly launched Platinum Rare
Cellular Night Elixir and White Caviar Creme Extraordinaire were also major
growth drivers. Sales performed especially well in China, Hong Kong, Australia,
and North America.

Organic sales in the Europe region grew by 4.2% year-on-year. In nominal
terms, sales rose 2.8% to €2,941 million (previous year: €2,861 million).

In Western Europe, sales were up 3.9% on the previous year. Healthy growth
rates were achieved especially in Germany and the United Kingdom. Sales in
France and Greece, meanwhile, fell short of the previous year. Sales with NIVEA
Shower, NIVEA Deo and NIVEA Sun developed well. The Derma segment also
showed encouraging growth. Sales growth was significantly influenced by the
very good performance of the La Prairie brand's travel retail business.

In Eastern Europe, sales were 5.3% higher than in the previous year. This increase
was mainly driven by a very healthy performance in Russia, Poland, Serbia, and
Romania as well as by double-digit growth in Ukraine. NIVEA Deo, NIVEA Face,
and NIVEA Universal Creams performed especially well. Eucerin also saw strong
growth in the region.

Organic sales in the Americas region grew by 1.1% versus the prior-year level. At
€1,051 million, nominal sales were down 5.9% year-on-year (previous year:
€1,117 million).


--- Page 20 ---

Combined Management Report / Economic Report / Results of Operations

Sales in North America climbed 7.3% compared with the previous year. NIVEA
Body was especially successful. The Derma business unit and La Prairie both
saw double-digit growth in the region.

In Latin America, sales were down 2.8% on the previous year. In a difficult market
environment, sales in Argentina fell substantially short of the prior-year figure.
This was also partly due to negative exchange rate effects. In Brazil, sales were
slightly lower than in the previous year. Excellent growth was recorded in
Mexico. NIVEA Body, NIVEA Universal Creams, NIVEA Shower, and NIVEA Men
performed especially well.

tesa

33

The Africa/Asia/Australia region lifted sales by 8.8% compared with the previ-
ous year. In nominal terms, sales rose by 4.2% to €1,898 million (previous year:
€1,821 million). Double-digit growth in India, Indonesia, and Turkey, as well as
very good growth in Africa and a good development in Thailand, were the basis
for this. In particular, NIVEA Deo, NIVEA Body, and NIVEA Face all performed
very well. Eucerin and La Prairie posted double-digit growth rates.

SALES - tesa BUSINESS SEGMENT (IN € MILLION)

Change (in %)

Jan. 1 - Dec. 31, 2017 Jan. 1 - Dec. 31, 2018 nominal organic
Europe 707 732 3.5 3.2
Americas 190 216 13.5 9.7
Africa/Asia/Australia 360 395 9.6 12.3
Total 1,257 1,343 6.8 6.8

Sales in the tesa Business Segment increased by 6.8% in organic terms signifi-
cantly in comparison with the previous year. Exchange rate effects decreased
the rate of growth by 2.3 percentage points. At the same time acquisitions con-
tributed to growth with 2.3 percentage points. In nominal terms, sales therefore
also increased by 6.8% to €1,343 million (previous year: €1,257 million).

The trend in Europe was positive again in 2018, leading to organic sales growth
of 3.2%. The business performed well in both Eastern and Western Europe.
Sales increased in both the Trade Markets and Direct Industries divisions. tesa
essentially acquired two companies in Europe in 2018 (tesa TL B.V., the Nether-
lands; FormFormForm Ltd., United Kingdom) with a sales contribution of
approximately €12 million. At current exchange rates, tesa generated European
sales of €732 million (previous year: €707 million). Europe’s share of Group
sales declined to 54.5% (previous year: 56.2%).

In the Americas, tesa generated sales growth of 9.7% in organic terms in 2018,
particularly on the back of the positive performance of the automotive market in
North America. In 2018, the tesa Group strengthened its position in the Americas
by purchasing two operational companies (Functional Coatings LLC, United States;
tesa TL LLC, United States) that contributed around €17 million to sales. Sales at
current exchange rates rose by 13.5% to €216 million (previous year: €190 million).
The region’s share of Group sales increased to 16.1% (previous year: 15.2%).

Organic sales growth of 12.3% in the Asia region was buoyed up by the project
business with products for the electronics industry. At current exchange rates,
sales in the region were up 9.6%, from €360 million in the previous year to €395
million. The region’s share of Group sales increased to 29.4% (previous
year: 28.6%).

EBIT increased to €210 million (previous year: €207 million). The EBIT margin
was 15.7% (previous year: 16.5%).

DIRECT INDUSTRIES

tesa’s Direct Industries division recorded organic sales growth of 9.1%, with all
regions contributing to the very positive sales trend. tesa achieved considerable
growth in Asia, including through increased sales in project business with the
electronics industry, as well as in the Americas. In nominal terms, sales rose by
10.1% to €798 million (previous year: €725 million). Acquisitions lifted sales by
3.7 percentage points. The share of the Direct Industries division in total sales
was 59.5% (previous year: 57.7%).

In consumer electronics, tesa once again recorded a sharp increase in sales in
2018 and further expanded its market position in the two key product catego-
ries: smartphones and tablets. The newly introduced acrylic foams for mounting
displays and rear casings also successfully contributed to growth. With its new
range of Optically Clear Adhesives, tesa won initial orders from renowned
manufacturers of games consoles and e-reader displays.

In the automotive sector, tesa generated initial sales for battery-manufacturing
applications in particular, and is thus successfully shaping current trends such
as e-mobility and digitalization. The commissioning of a production facility for
cable harness constructions in North America enables local customers to be
served even more effectively.


--- Page 21 ---

34

In the printing and paper business, tesa is expanding its activities in
flexographic printing. In March 2018, it acquired the self-adhesive sleeves
business Twinlock from the Dutch firm Polymount. This market is on an up-
ward trajectory, allowing tesa to continue its growth path in this area. tesa
also grew in 2018, even in saturated markets such as graphic papers. This was
achieved through concerted modernization of existing standard ranges and
active customer focus.

The portfolio of development projects in the pharmaceuticals business was also
expanded further, fostering product innovations as part of the approval process.
tesa won contracts for process development in the field of generics. This created
a good basis for further product launches.

tesa SALES (IN € MILLION)

1140 1,146 1,257 1,343

2015 2016 2017 2018

tesa SALES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/Asia/Australia

29.4
Europe
54.5
Americas
16.1

tesa EBIT (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

191 186 207 210

2015 2016 2017 2018

With tesa scribos®, tesa helps international brand owners digitalize their
products. Product markings and customized Web and app solutions connect
genuine products to the digital world. tesa has implemented innovative new
developments in both areas, such as the digital gray market protection module
and tesa ValiGate® marking. This allows retailers and consumers to automatically
check whether a product is genuine using their smartphones.

In the building industry business area, tesa reaffirmed its growth path and
gained further market share. Adhesives using ACXplus technology for doors and
windows made a particular contribution to the strong growth. In the interior
construction segment, dividing wall systems were well received by the market.
With the acquisition of the US company Functional Coatings, LLC, tesa strength-
ened its market position in adhesive tape products for the construction and
building supply industry in 2018, adding innovative adhesive tape and sealing
products.

TRADE MARKETS

The Trade Markets division performed positively with organic sales growth of
3.8%. In nominal terms, sales improved by 2.3% to €539 million (previous year:
€527 million). Acquisitions contributed to sales with 0.4 percentage points. The
division thus accounted for 40.1% (previous year: 41.9%) of the tesa Business
Segment’s total sales in the reporting year.

tesa improved and expanded its range for the industrial distribution business.
The development of new product categories, such as water-based acrylic transfer
tape, also contributed to this. tesa also introduced a new temperature-resistant
masking tape to the market, renewing a series of traditional products in the tesa
range. In China, there was strong growth in e-commerce.

In General Industries, sales of high-quality, double-sided, specialist adhesive
tapes for household devices developed particularly positively. Business with
transport-securing tapes in North America, Asia, and Eastern Europe also
recorded strong growth.

In the Consumer & Craftsmen segment, which concentrates on products for
consumers and professional tradespeople in Europe and Latin America, tesa
achieved further growth. The digital sales channels in particular outperformed
the market.

tesa laid the foundations for further growth in its consumer business, not least
through the acquisition of FormFormForm Ltd. The London-based company
produces moldable glues under the Sugru brand and sells them to end custom-
ers primarily through digital channels. Product innovations and increased
expertise in digital marketing are helping tesa to open up new markets and
countries.

Since July 2018, tesa has been selling bathroom accessories under the tesa®
brand, benefiting from the specific manufacturing expertise of the tesa affiliate
nie wieder bohren GmbH. The highly effective tesa® smart mounting system,
which was developed in-house and includes adhesive nails and screws, also
continued to perform positively in its third year.


--- Page 22 ---

Combined Management Report / Economic Report / Results of Operations 35
Net Assets
Net Assets
NET ASSETS - GROUP (IN € MILLION)
Assets Dec. 31, 2017 Dec. 31, 2018
Non-current assets 3,926 4,301
Inventories 854 986
Other current assets 2,524 2,665
Cash and cash equivalents 901 919
8,205 8,871
Equity and liabilities Dec. 31, 2017 Dec. 31, 2018
Equity 5,125 5,647
Non-current provisions 780 801
Non-current liabilities 80 73
Current provisions 427 426
Current liabilities 1,793 1,924
8,205 8,871

Non-current assets increased by €375 million to €4,301 million (previous year:
€3,926 million). Long-term securities increased by €81 million to €2,613 million
(previous year: €2,532 million). Capital expenditure on property, plant, and
equipment, and intangible assets amounted to €358 million (previous year:
€195 million). Of this amount, €320 million (previous year: €129 million) related
to the Consumer Business Segment and €38 million (previous year: €66 million)
to the tesa Business Segment. Capital expenditure primarily related to the
plants of the two business segments, Consumer and tesa, as well as the con-
struction of the new Group headquarters. The tesa acquisitions increased fixed
assets by €105 million. Group depreciation, amortization, and impairment losses
amounted to €165 million (previous year: €150 million). Inventories increased by
€132 million to €986 million (previous year: €854 million). Other current assets
increased to €2,665 million (previous year: €2,524 million). This item includes
short-term securities of €889 million (previous year: €770 million). The increase
in this position was largely attributable to increased investment of funds in
short-term securities. Trade receivables rose by €68 million to €1,394 million
(previous year: €1,326 million). Income tax receivables amounted to €108 million
(previous year: €108 million), while other current assets fell by €11 million to
€158 million.

Cash and cash equivalents increased to €919 million (previous year: €901 million).
Net liquidity (cash, cash equivalents, and long- and short-term securities less
current liabilities to banks) increased by €213 million to €4,402 million (previous
year: €4,189 million). Current liabilities to banks rose by €4 million to €18 million
(previous year: €14 million).

Total non-current provisions and liabilities stood at €874 million (previous year:
€860 million). This item includes provisions for pensions and other post-em-
ployment benefits, which increased slightly to €677 million (previous year:
€659 million). There was a related reduction in deferred tax liabilities to €64
million (previous year: €74 million). Total current provisions and liabilities rose
by €130 million to €2,350 million (previous year: €2,220 million) as a result of
an increase in trade payables due to operational factors. The equity ratio was
64% (previous year: 62%). Non-current liabilities accounted for 10% (previous
year: 11%) and current liabilities for 26% (previous year: 27%).

FINANCING STRUCTURE (IN %)

62 1 27
$e De

64 10 26
2 Ee

mm Equity Non-current liabilities mam Current liabilities



--- Page 23 ---

36

Financial Position

CASH FLOW STATEMENT - GROUP (IN € MILLION)

2017 2018
Gross cash flow 930 933
Change in net current assets -19 -65
Net cash flow from operating activities 911 868
Net cash flow from investing activities 633 635
Free cash flow 278 233
Net cash flow from financing activities -202 -210
Other changes -47 5
Net change in cash and cash equivalents 29 18
Cash and cash equivalents as of Jan. 1 872 901
Cash and cash equivalents as of Dec. 31

Gross cash flow amounted to €933 million in the period under review, up
€3 million on the prior-year value.

The change in net current assets led to an outflow of €65 million (previous year:
outflow of €19 million). The increase of €127 million in trade payables and current
provisions were offset by a €132 million rise in inventories and a €60 million rise
in receivables and other assets.

The net cash outflow from investing activities amounted to €635 million in the
year under review (previous year: €633 million). Interest and other financial
income received of €39 million and proceeds of €39 million from the sale of
intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment were offset by net invest-
ments of €268 million in the purchase of securities as well as capital expendi-
ture of €358 million for property, plant, and equipment, and intangible assets
and payments of €87 million for acquisitions.

901 919

Free cash flow was €233 million, down by €45 million on the prior-year value
(€278 million). The net cash outflow of €210 million from financing activities
(previous year: €202 million) mainly comprised the Beiersdorf AG dividend
payment of €159 million, and interest and other financial expenses paid in the
amount of €51 million.

Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €919 million (previous year: €901 million).

FINANCING AND LIQUIDITY PROVISION

Hedging currency, interest rate, and default risks, and investing liquid assets are
at the heart of financial management at Beiersdorf. Providing liquidity for the
Group is also a paramount objective. The type and volume of transactions are
in line with the basic operating and financial business. Scenarios and rolling
12-month cash flow planning are used to establish liquidity requirements. Details
on financial risk management can be found in the notes to the balance sheet,
Note 27.


--- Page 24 ---

Combined Management Report / Economic Report / Financial Position

37

Overall Assessment of the Group’s Economic Position

Overall Assessment of the Group's Economic

Position

Comparison of Actual and Forecast Business Developments

Forecast for 2018
Result in 2017 in 2017 Annual Report

Sales growth

Forecast for 2018 Forecast for 2018
in H12018 Report in 9M 2018 Quarterly Statement Result in 2018

(organic)

Consumer (in %) 47 4-5 around 5 around 5 5.0
tesa (in %) 10.6 3-4 5-6 5-6 6.8
Group (in %) 5.7 around 4 around 5 around 5 5.4
EBIT margin

(excluding special factors)

Consumer (in %) 15.2 slightly above prior year slightly above prior year slightly above prior year 15.3
tesa (in %) 16.5 slightly below prior year slightly below prior year slightly below prior year 15.7
Group cin %) 15.4 at prior-year level at prior-year level at prior-year level 15.4

Business developments in 2018 showed that Beiersdorf is on the right path. The
Group’s two business segments performed well. The Group generated sales of
€7,233 million (previous year: €7,056 million). Organic growth stood at 5.4%
(previous year: 5.7%). EBIT excluding special factors reached €1,113 million
(previous year: €1,088 million). The EBIT margin excluding special factors was
15.4% (previous year: 15.4%).

The Consumer Business Segment can look back ona solid 2018. We focused on
leveraging the potential of our derma, healthcare, and selective brands Eucerin,
Hansaplast, and La Prairie. La Prairie performed outstandingly over the year.
NIVEA and Eucerin achieved good or very good growth rates in 2018.

With sales growth of 5.0%, Consumer met the increased forecast for fiscal year
2018. This growth came from both the saturated markets and emerging markets,
and from all regions with the exception of Latin America. As forecast, the oper-
ating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) and EBIT margin were slightly up on
the previous year.

The tesa Business Segment further expanded its business in both the Direct
Industries division and the Trade Markets division, achieving substantial in-
creases in sales. tesa increased sales by 6.8% in 2018, considerably exceeding
the increased forecasts. This was especially thanks to the good performance
in consumer electronics in Asia and the continuing positive trend in the
automotive industry in the Americas. As forecast, the operating result (EBIT,
excluding special factors) and EBIT margin were slightly down on the previous
year.


--- Page 25 ---

38

Beiersdorf AG

Business activities

Beiersdorf AG is based in Hamburg (Germany) and is the parent company of the
Beiersdorf Group. As of December 31, 2018, Beiersdorf AG employed 2,260
people (previous year: 2,102). The number of vocational trainees and trainees
was 136 (previous year: 155).

Beiersdorf AG is responsible for the German consumer business and provides
typical holding company services to its affiliates. In addition to its own operat-
ing activities, Beiersdorf AG manages an extensive investment portfolio and is
the direct or indirect parent company of over 160 subsidiaries worldwide. The
company also performs central planning/financial control, treasury, and human
resources functions, as well as a large proportion of research and development
activities for the consumer business.

Beiersdorf AG's operating business is only one part of the Beiersdorf Group's

business activities. The company is managed on the basis of the key perfor-
mance indicators outlined in the “Management and Control” section of the

Results of Operations Beiersdorf AG

Combined Management Report. It is only possible to gain a full insight into the
key performance indicators at the level of the Group.

The net assets, financial position and results of operations of Beiersdorf AG are
dominated by its own business activities and by the activities of its affiliates in
the form of royalty income and dividend income. Consequently, the economic
position of Beiersdorf AG essentially corresponds to that of the Group as a
whole. Similarly, the opportunities and risks as well as the outlook for
Beiersdorf AG correlate closely with those for the Group.

Basis of preparation of the financial statements

The annual financial statements of Beiersdorf AG are prepared in accordance
with the provisions of the Hande/sgesetzbuch (German Commercial Code, HGB)
and the Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation Act, AktG). The recommenda-
tions of the German Corporate Governance Code that are relevant to the annual
financial statements were taken into account.

INCOME STATEMENT - BEIERSDORF AG IN ACCORDANCE WITH HGB (IN € MILLION)

2017 2018
Sales 1,229 1,262
Other operating income 27 38
Cost of materials -278 -290
Personnel expenses. 252 -276
Depreciation and amortization of property, plant, and equipment, and intangible assets all all
Other operating expenses -573 -575
Operating result 142 148
Net income from investments 226 230
Net interest expense -15 -22
Other financial result 45 -41
Financial result 166 167
Profit before tax 308 315
Income taxes -65 -51
Profit after tax 243 264
Transfer to other retained earnings -67 -88
Net retained profits 176 176

Beiersdorf AG’s sales rose by €33 million to €1,262 million in the reporting year
(previous year: €1,229 million). Product sales of NIVEA Deo, NIVEA Sun, and
Hidrofugal were particularly encouraging. Sales of €966 million (previous year:
€945 million) were generated in Germany and €296 million (previous year:
€284 million) in other countries.

The operating result rose by €6 million to €148 million due to increased other
operating income.

At €167 million, the financial result was slightly up €1 million on the previous year.
This was due to an increase in net income from investments and an improved
financial result from currency conversion. However, net interest income declined
as a result of higher interest expense arising from a change in the discount rate
for pension provisions.

At €315 million, profit before tax was up €7 million on the prior-year figure.

Profit after tax was €264 million (previous year: €243 million), an increase of
€21 million on the previous year.


--- Page 26 ---

Combined Management Report / Economic Report / Beiersdorf AG 39
Net Assets and Financial Position - Beiersdorf AG
BALANCE SHEET - BEIERSDORF AG IN ACCORDANCE WITH HGB (IN € MILLION)
Assets Dec. 31, 2017 Dec. 31, 2018
Intangible assets 1 1
Property, plant, and equipment 99 138
Financial assets 3,362 4,069
Fixed assets 3,462 4,208
Inventories 3 2
Receivables and other assets 612 772
Securities 1,517 1,116
Cash and cash equivalents 99 73
Current assets 2,231 1,963
Prepaid expenses 6 4
Deferred tax assets 26 43
5,725 6,218
Equity and liabilities Dec. 31, 2017 Dec. 31, 2018
Equity 2,629 2,735
Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits 486 522
Other provisions 294 283
Provisions 780 805
Liabilities 2,316 2,678
5,725 6,218

Fixed assets saw a substantial year-on-year rise of €746 million. This increase
was largely attributable to the acquisition of long-term government and
corporate bonds. Investments of €49 million in property, plant, and equipment
were accompanied by depreciation of €10 million.

Current assets declined by €268 million over the fiscal year to €1,963 million.
This item includes short-term securities of €1,116 million (previous year:
€1,517 million). The decline in this position is largely attributable to increased
investment of funds in long-term securities. Receivables and other assets largely
comprise financial receivables from affiliated companies.

Liabilities increased by €362 million year-on-year to €2,678 million. This was
primarily attributable to higher financial liabilities to affiliated companies.

€2,735 million (previous year: €2,629 million) or 44% (previous year: 46%) of
the total balance sheet assets of €6,218 million (previous year: €5,725 million) is
financed by equity.

The Executive Board and Supervisory Board will propose a dividend of €0.70
per no-par value share bearing dividend rights to the Annual General Meeting
(previous year: €0.70).


--- Page 27 ---

40

Risk Report

Risks and Opportunities

In the course of its business activities, the Beiersdorf Group is exposed to a multi-
tude of risks. These result, among other things, from its activities that seek to
develop and make use of opportunities to improve the company’s competitive-
ness. Risks and opportunities encompass events and developments with a
certain probability of occurrence that may have material negative or positive
financial and non-financial effects on the achievement of the Beiersdorf Group’s
objectives. Beiersdorf uses an integrated risk and opportunity management
system in order to identify and evaluate material risks at an early stage and to
consistently limit them using counteractive measures.

Integrated Risk and Opportunity Management System
The risk and opportunity management system at Beiersdorf is an integral part
of the central and decentral planning, management, and control processes in
the individual companies, management units, and regions, at Consumer and
tesa Business Segment levels, and at Group level. Risk and opportunity man-
agement is complemented by the accounting-related internal control systems,
the various internal and external monitoring bodies - supported by Internal
Audit - and external auditors. Compliance management, which is also relevant
in this context, is described extensively in the separate Group Sustainability
Report.

Risk and opportunity management is closely aligned with corporate strategy
and helps Beiersdorf identify and make optimal use of its potential. Regularly
analyzing customers and the competition, for example, enables a swift response
to dynamic market developments. Specific market opportunities and risks are
derived from the information obtained.

Beiersdorf incurs risks only if there is a corresponding opportunity for an appro-
priate increase in value, and only if they can be managed using established
methods and measures within the relevant organization. In cases where the full
avoidance of risks is not possible or reasonable, risks are mitigated using
appropriate measures, or are transferred to third parties such as insurance
companies.

Within the risk management process, periodical inventories are carried out to
identify, evaluate, document, and subsequently communicate the material risks
in a structured way along with the measures to manage these risks. The corre-
sponding principles, reporting and feedback processes, as well as responsibilities
are laid out in a directive that applies across the Group and is regularly updated.
Risk management is coordinated at Group headquarters.

Beiersdorf distinguishes between strategic, functional, and operational risks.
Strategic risks encompass fundamental frameworks, developments, and events
that could have a substantial impact on the Group or its business segments.
Functional risks are challenges inherent to the business model. The various
specialist functions generally work at the global or regional level to counter
these risks in a sustainable manner, with action relating to the design of opera-
tional and organizational structures as well as with specific individual measures.
Operational risks and opportunities are those that may influence short-term
sales and profits.

Appropriate observation periods are assigned to these risk categories. A period
of up to five years generally applies for strategic risks. For functional risks, the
period is up to two years as a rule, and for short-term operational risks around
one year.

In the Group’s internal risk reporting, individual risks are uniformly presented by
positioning them on a risk radar. The various fields of the radar reflect, in sum-
marized form, the relevant areas for the company both inside and outside the
Group that may give rise to risks. The graph below (Beiersdorf Risk Radar)
shows the structure of the risk radar for strategic risks.

For each category, the risks are also classified based on their probability and the
potential financial impact of their occurrence. Except in the case of strategic
risks, the risks examined are net risks, i.e. the probability of occurrence and the
impacts are calculated after implementation of risk management measures.

The Executive and Supervisory Boards are regularly updated on the risk situation
at Consumer and tesa Business Segment levels and at Group level. Direct lines
of communication ensure that sudden, unforeseen material risks are reported

BEIERSDORF RISK RADAR
Schematic diagram

External framework 7 Customer/Consumer/

Markets

Procurement/ ____— /@ —____ Competition/
Raw materials Substitution
Manufacturing ——___— WA Ny

\—_________ organizational
excellence

R&D/Innovations/
Quality management

Marketing/Distribution/ ————/
Outbound logistics

@ Significant © Existence-imperiling

O Critical

Improbable mmm Probable mam Very probable

BEIERSDORF RISK CLASSIFICATION

Probability of Possible
occurrence financial effects
mae

SEARGIEUES =) i
___veryprobobie uy

<10%
Functional & >10%-< 50% Clustered based
operational risks >50%-<90% emanates
>90%



--- Page 28 ---

Combined Management Report / Economic Report / Risk Report

immediately to top management. The latest information on risk development is
fed into the management and planning systems of the corporate units throughout
the year and becomes part of the decision-making and control processes. By
directly integrating the risk inventory and planning process, the risk manage-
ment system is continuously developed further and risk awareness is embedded
throughout the company.

Description of the Material Risks and Opportunities
STRATEGIC AND FUNCTIONAL RISKS

Maintaining and increasing the value of our major consumer brands with their
broad appeal is of utmost importance to Beiersdorf’s business development.
The trust of our customers and, in particular, of the consumers of our products,
is essential for this. We have designed our risk management system to fully jus-
tify this trust and to provide enduring, successful protection to the value of our
brands. A wide range of measures enables us to categorize risks to the reputation
of our brands as improbable.

Our compliance with high standards regarding the quality, safety, and envi-
ronmental sustainability of our products and packaging is the basis for our
consumers’ continued trust in our brands. Our products are subject to the
strict criteria of our quality management system throughout the entire pro-
curement, production, and distribution process. When creating new products,
we perform indepth safety assessments, which also take consumer feedback
on earlier products into account. As a result, we regard risks due to quality
problems as unlikely to materialize and to involve, at most, limited, isolated
cases.

With the aid of the “Consumer Insights” process, we promptly identify con-
stantly changing consumer wishes and successfully reflect them in our product
development. Direct communication with consumers via digital social media is
becoming an increasingly important aspect of this. In response, we are compre-
hensively reviewing and re-orienting our use of media and marketing. However,
we still regard the risks from changes in consumer behavior as critical and
probable.

Strong brands that balance innovation and continuity and have a clear benefit
for consumers are our response to the ever-intensifying global competition on
price, cost, quality, and innovation. This response also counteracts the growing
retail concentration and the increasing significance of rival brands at local and
regional level, whose emergence we regard overall as critical and very probable.

Expertise-based brands that constantly provide consumers with relevant new
products require a high degree of upfront investment in innovation and market-
ing. The continuous expansion of our trademark and patent portfolio is therefore
of utmost importance. We protect our intellectual property proactively and
comprehensively. By closely aligning the Group functions involved in this with
the operational business, we identify commercial opportunities from our research
and development activities at an early stage and safeguard them long-term using
industrial property rights. Of course, we also acknowledge and respect existing
third-party rights when developing our new products. In general, we regard the
risk of third-party attacks on our trademarks or product names and the use of
certain ingredients as critical and probable. At the same time, we are convinced
that this will not significantly hinder us from continuing to introduce true
innovations into the market.

41

Our management focus on the sustainable success of our market activities
ensures that we invest in promising markets in terms of brands, products, and
regions. Activities in this context range from the screening of new business
fields and selective participation in start-ups to the establishment of new affili-
ates or partnerships in countries not previously covered. At the same time, we
ensure that we are generating the funds needed for these activities in the long
term. Without this management, we would regard the risk of investing also in
less promising markets as critical and probable.

We counter procurement risks relating to delivery reliability and price for raw
materials, commodities, and services by continuously monitoring our markets
and suppliers and using appropriate contract management. Procurement strat-
egies are reviewed regularly and adjusted to reflect internal and external
requirements. Strategic partnerships are an important element of actively
managing our supplier portfolio. Here, we take into account the growing global
political and economic uncertainties by developing new business models that
ensure lasting access to our procurement markets. We are particularly focusing
on special local and regional supply chains. At the same time, the overall structure
of our global production and logistics, which integrates suitable third-party
suppliers, offers a high degree of flexibility in supplying our markets. In general,
we regard the strategic and functional risks in this context as of average
significance but rather improbable.

In order to further increase the security, availability, reliability, and efficiency of
our IT systems against external and internal attacks, we had started a large-scale
project last year. This project has a timeframe of several years and we have
continued to pursue it as planned this year with various measures. In parallel,
we have continued our efforts to establish a Group-wide business continuity
management system that is integrated into our IT and business processes to
secure operations at all times. Irrespective of these measures, we still categorize
risks to Beiersdorf in connection with the setup and functionality of our IT as
critical and rather probable.

Specifically in Europe and in advance of the General Data Protection Regulation
that is mandatory since May 25, 2018, we took several measures to adapt our
structural and process organization. These help us to ensure safe handling of
our company’s sensitive data as well as those of our business partners and
consumers, such as when developing and using our social media presence or
creating new software solutions. At the same time, they allow us to implement
the increased information and documentation requirements.

Alongside this, we counter our internal compliance risk and the further growing
external compliance risks by providing clear rules of conduct and transparent
management structures, accompanied by comprehensive training and monitoring
activities, such as for protecting the confidentiality of internal data. Finally,
occupational safety, environmental, and business interruption risks in our
production and logistics activities are minimized by process control checks
and location-specific audits. We generally regard risks in these areas as less
significant and relatively improbable.

Partnerships and other contacts with universities enable us to build early links
to qualified potential new employees, for whom we have special trainee pro-
grams to prepare them for a career at Beiersdorf. Our uniform global talent
management process identifies and develops talented specialists and manage-


--- Page 29 ---

42

ment personnel at all levels and supports the appointment of qualified staff in
key positions throughout the company as these become vacant. Risks in the
context of our global recruitment activities remain an insignificant issue for us.

We counter the risk of bad debts through detailed monitoring of our customer
relationships, active receivables management, and the selective use of trade
credit insurance. Currency, interest rate, and liquidity risks are subject to active
treasury management based on a global directive. They are managed and
hedged centrally to a very large extent, taking into account the specific require-
ments for the organizational separation of the trading, settlement, and controlling
functions.

Potential default risks relating to the investment of the Group’s liquid funds are
limited by only making investments with defined, reliable counterparties. Coun-
terparty risk is monitored on the basis of ratings and the counterparties’ liable
capital, as well as continuously updated risk indicators. These parameters are
used to determine maximum amounts for investments with partner banks and
securities issuers (counterparty limits), which are compared regularly with the
investments actually made throughout the Group. We have invested the majority
of our liquidity in low-risk investments (such as government/corporate bonds
and covered bonds). Thus we consider market risks from the investment of our
free liquidity to be insignificant and relatively improbable.

Our financial risk management is characterized by the clear allocation of
responsibilities, central rules for limiting financial risks as a matter of principle,
and the conscious alignment of the instruments deployed with the require-
ments of our business activities. Specific, additional information on the extent
of the currency, interest rate, default, and liquidity risks described above can be
found in Note 27 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, “Additional
Disclosures on Financial Instruments, Financial Risk Management, and Derivative
Financial Instruments.”

SHORT-TERM OPERATIONAL RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
Operational risks and opportunities are continuously monitored as part of the
financial planning, forecasting, and reporting process at the local, regional, and
central level. This ensures that all sales and earnings effects regarded as
relatively likely are directly and appropriately incorporated into our financial
reporting, taking into account the measures implemented and planned (e.g.
recognition of provisions).

This applies in particular to the risks associated with Brexit. Coordinated by a
task force, we are working on all the relevant processes and preparing for a
variety of scenarios. However, statements on the probability of their occurrence
are not possible. The effects of Brexit - even an unregulated Brexit - on the
business of our sales company in England, for example through higher customs
duties or changes in exchange rates, are not considered to be critical for the
Group as a whole. It is not possible to estimate the effects on the Group of the
slowdown in economic development in Great Britain and Europe that would be
caused by an unregulated Brexit.

In addition, a monthly review of key financial figures for the Group companies is
conducted, led by the Group Controlling function together with Group Risk
Management and Internal Audit. This is designed to enable potential critical
developments to be addressed swiftly and precisely with those involved and
corrective action to be initiated.

The net operational risks currently remaining arise from isolated legal and tax
proceedings and from tax audits. Assessing the course and outcome of legal
disputes is associated with considerable difficulties and uncertainty. Based on
the information currently available, it is highly unlikely that these disputes will
result in significant charges for the Group.

Further information and details on the extent of the risks described here can
be found in Note 28 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements,
“Contingent Liabilities, Other Financial Obligations, and Legal Risks.”

Summary of the Risk Situation

Compared with the previous year, there has been no significant structural
change in our assessment of the likelihood of occurrence and/or potential
financial impact of the above risks and opportunities. Overall, even considering
the updated estimations, there is no fundamental change to the risk situation.
Based on the current assessment, the Beiersdorf Group is not exposed to any
risks that could endanger its continued existence.

Accounting-Related Internal Control System

The aim of the accounting-related internal control system is to implement
appropriate principles, procedures, and controls to ensure the correctness and
reliability of accounting and financial reporting in the financial statements and
management report of the Beiersdorf Group and Beiersdorf AG in line with the
legal regulations and relevant accounting standards.

The scope and orientation of the internal control system have been shaped by
the Executive Board based on the Group-specific requirements. The accounting-
related internal control system consists of the following components: control
environment, risk assessment process, control activities, information, communi-
cation, and monitoring.

An analysis was used to identify the items and positions containing the material
risks for the financial statements. The underlying processes were then assigned
to these. Preventive, monitoring, and detective measures designed to ensure
security and control in accounting, information processing, and the operational
functions have been defined Group-wide for these processes. Among other
things, the measures include the separation of functions, manual and IT-based
approval processes using the dual control principle, IT checks, access restrictions
and authorization concepts for the IT system, and systems-based processes for
handling Group accounting data.

Shared service centers provide uniform handling of the core accounting
processes at Beiersdorf AG and most of its affiliates. Standardized IT systems
are used to support financial reporting for the companies included in the con-
solidated financial statements and consolidation. Procedural instructions,
standardized reporting formats, and IT-based reporting and consolidation
processes support financial reporting.

The consolidated financial statements are based on accounting directives
specified by Beiersdorf AG. These guidelines are updated on an ongoing basis
through continuous analysis of the relevance and impact of changes in the
regulatory environment.


--- Page 30 ---

Combined Management Report / Economic Report / Risk Report
Report on Expected Developments

The accounting process and compliance with the control requirements and
accounting directives by the companies included in the consolidated financial
statements are regularly reviewed.

It should be noted that even putting in place appropriate, effective systems does
not guarantee the correct, complete, and timely recording of information in the
accounts with absolute certainty. It is impossible to entirely rule out personal
judgments, erroneous controls, criminal acts, or other circumstances. Should
these occur, they could limit the effectiveness and reliability of the internal control
system.

Independent Monitoring

The supervisory bodies and the Internal Audit department are integrated into
the Beiersdorf Group’s internal control system with audit activities that are
independent of the Group's operations. Internal Audit systematically evaluates
the integrity of financial accounting, the effectiveness of the accounting-related
internal control system and of the risk and opportunity management system,
and compliance. As a process-independent organizational unit, it uses a risk-
based approach to reviewing the business processes, the systems and controls
that have been put in place, as well as the financial accounting of transactions.
The audit findings are used for ongoing enhancement of the company’s man-
agement and of preventive and detective controls. In accordance with § 317 (4)
HGB, the Group auditor also evaluates the effectiveness of the risk early warning
and monitoring system. Internal Audit and the Group auditor regularly report
the audit results to the supervisory bodies.

The Audit Committee of Beiersdorf AG monitors, in particular, the accounting
process and the effectiveness of the internal control system, the risk management
system, and the internal audit system.

Report on Expected Developments

Expected Macroeconomic Developments

For 2019, we expect global economic growth to fall short of the prior-year level
as a result of the diminishing stimulus from the US tax reform, further trade
restrictions, and a normalization of monetary policy in the United States.
Geopolitical unrest, Eurosceptic movements in European countries, and
uncertainty about the long-term consequences of Brexit as well as the future
economic policy of the United States are continuing to generate uncertainty
with regard to the development of the global economy.

In Europe, we expect growth falling slightly short of the prior-year level. Low
interest rates and a slightly expansionary fiscal policy will continue to bolster
growth, and production is expected to increase further - albeit at a more
moderate pace than in the previous year. The long-term impact of Brexit, trade
conflicts, Italian budgetary policy, and a possible change in course by the
European Central Bank are a source of uncertainty.

In Germany, we anticipate further growth, though slightly below the previous
year’s level. However, investment and increased government spending are likely
to be the key factors supporting growth. With a slightly rising inflation rate,
consumer spending is likely to contribute to growth through further rises in
employment and wages.

43

We expect a slightly reduced growth rate for the US economy, particularly given
the interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve and the ebbing fiscal stimulus in
the wake of the 2018 tax cut. The potential impact of economic policy is difficult
to predict.

In Japan, we expect a return to growth in 2019 despite a difficult 2018. A VAT rise
is planned for the fall of 2019, which could lead consumers to bring purchases
forward, followed by a downturn in consumption and short-term higher inflation.
The continued expansionary monetary policy of the Bank of Japan will prop up
growth.

In the emerging markets, we expect demand overall to be slightly weaker than
in the previous year. For the Chinese economy, we expect growth to be slightly
below the prior-year level, underpinned again by an expansionary fiscal policy.
The risk of a depreciating renminbi, the continued high level of indebtedness in
state-owned enterprises, and the impact of trade policy continue to cause
uncertainty. In India, we expect growth to remain strong, albeit slightly below
the previous year. In the Middle East, we expect trade barriers and other protec-
tionist measures to continue to slow economic growth in the region. For the
Southeast Asian emerging markets, we expect growth to be slightly down on
the previous year’s level due to lower growth in production and poorer financing
conditions following the normalization of monetary policy in the United States.
In Brazil, we expect the economy to stabilize further, with growth increasing
year-on-year. This trend will be underpinned by consumer spending. There is
uncertainty about the effectiveness of the new government's efforts to stimulate
growth. In Russia, we anticipate growth slightly below the prior-year level, with
no dynamic recovery for now.

Procurement Market Trends

The situation on the commodity markets is likely to remain tight in 2019. This is
due to very volatile oil prices, partly as a result of the output reduction decided
by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), and a host of
political uncertainties such as the current trade dispute between the United
States and China, the United States and the European Union, as well as Brexit.
Limited refinery capacity, especially in the chemical industry, is also causing
tight commodity markets. This means that prices are increasingly decoupling
from base materials. Prices for natural preliminary raw materials appear to be
stabilizing at their current low levels and could mitigate opposing trends.

Beiersdorf will continue to work intensively on programs to achieve lasting
reductions in procurement costs. This includes continuously optimizing the
overall cost structure of our products. On the whole, however, we expect the
cost of materials to rise slightly in 2019.

Sales Market Trends

We believe that the global growth rate in the cosmetics market - the market
relevant for Beiersdorf - will remain at the prior-year level in 2019. We expect
only modest growth in the major European and North American markets. The
emerging markets will contribute positively to the overall performance.

For tesa, we continue to expect largely stable sales trends in Europe, though
political developments represent an element of unpredictability. In North
America, we again expect a more positive development particularly from the
automotive industry in 2019. After weak growth in 2018, we anticipate a mainly


--- Page 31 ---

44

positive trend in Latin America. In Asia, we anticipate moderate growth, which
will be coupled very closely to the performance of the Chinese economy.
Alongside the automotive segment, we also expect the electronics industry to
stimulate growth again in the year ahead. Intense competition and the resulting
pressure on prices are likely to put a damper on sales growth in both industries,
however.

Our Market Opportunities

Market performance will remain mixed in 2019 and competition will continue to
increase in some markets. With further key strategic steps and a new, expanded
management team, we want to meet the challenges ahead of us to unlock
Beiersdorf’s potential and to be able to further deliver a sustainable growth. We
see strong opportunities both in systematically expanding our presence in the
emerging markets and in consolidating our position in European markets.

We will build on our sound financial structure and strong earnings position
together with our dedicated and highly qualified employees to continue
exploiting future opportunities with our internationally successful brand port-
folio. Extensive research and development activities resulting in successful,
consumer-driven innovations will be flanked by targeted marketing measures,
strengthening our brand core and creating enduring confidence among our
consumers.

tesa expects to bolster its market position with continued investment in research
and development, and therefore in innovative products. The electronics industry
in Asia remains an attractive business; however, its project-based nature still
entails a high risk of volatility. tesa considers Automotive an important growth
area among global customers. The ongoing economic recovery in the south of
Europe will continue to have a positive impact on the development of the
distribution and on consumer business.

Business Developments
Our assessment of business developments in the coming year is based on the
above assumptions in conjunction with our specifically defined measures.

Beiersdorf anticipates sales growth in the Consumer Business Segment to
outperform the market at 3-5% in fiscal year 2019. The EBIT margin from
operations is expected to be in the range of 14.0-14.5%.

In the tesa Business Segment, we expect sales growth of 3- 4% in 2019. The EBIT
margin from operations is expected to be slightly below the prior-year level.

Based on the forecasts for the two business segments, we are expecting Group
sales growth of around 3-5%. The consolidated EBIT margin from operations
is expected to be around 14.5%.

We firmly believe we are well positioned for the future thanks to our inter-
nationally successful brand portfolio, our innovative and high-quality products,

and our dedicated employees.

Hamburg, February 26, 2019
Beiersdorf AG

The Executive Board
