

--- Page 1 ---

Preface by the
Management Board

Dear Shareholders, Customers, and Employees,
Ladies and Gentlemen

2018 was a year of growth and challenges for ams.

Our revenues grew 34% to a record level of USD
1.63 billion last year. However, we also went
through fast and unexpected changes in large
customer demand which took a toll on our
consumer business and overall performance. As

a consequence, our financial results for full-year
profit did not live up to expectations. We faced
demand-related challenges that are persisting into
the current year and are largely due to more vola-
tile trends in consumer customer demand. These
effects, however, do not change our successful
long-term strategy to build the global leader in
sensor solutions.

We focus on true leadership in the growth markets
for optical, image, and audio sensing. This follows
last year’s decision to de-emphasize environ-
mental sensing given larger mid- and long-term
growth opportunities in our other areas, particu-
larly optical. Defying short-term headwinds, we
see strong market traction and expanding custom-
er engagements for the technology investments
we have made and continue to make. At the same
time, we are actively managing our business
through the current more difficult environment.
We have already implemented steps to streamline
operations and realize cost savings in multiple
areas.


--- Page 2 ---

PREFACE BY THE
MANAGEMENT BOARD

Our consumer business was the key growth driver last year with optical sensing again offering the
largest revenue contribution. As the leader in optical sensing for consumer applications we serve the
world’s largest consumer OEMs. In the growth market for 3D sensing we strengthened our leadership
position based on outstanding system and solution expertise across technologies. Last year we success-
fully ramped high volumes of 3D sensing for global smartphone platforms and strongly expanded our
3D hard- and software portfolio.

We have built the leading position in illumination for 3D sensing based on our highly differentiated high
power Vertical Cavity Surface-Emitting Lasers (VCSELs). We are successful in all three 3D approaches
Structured Light, Time-of-Flight and Active Stereo Vision and support both front- and world-facing 3D
sensing. Over the coming years we see a continued expansion of 3D sensing in consumer devices. With
our strong 3D portfolio this trend offers significant growth opportunities for us going forward. As the
leader in display management we ramped high volumes of TrueColor sensing last year and recently
launched innovative behind-OLED-display light sensing for bezel-less designs. Other consumer lines
such as audio sensing also grew last year benefiting from microphone market growth and our leadership
in ear- and headphone active noise cancellation.

Our automotive, industrial, and medical businesses showed a good performance last year. In automo-
tive, our business developed very positively focused on solutions for safety, driver assistance, position,
and chassis control. With our advantageous high power VCSEL technology we are very well positioned
for the upcoming adoption of LIDAR-based 3D sensing from assisted towards autonomous driving.
Significant development for our announced large-scale first 3D LIDAR program continues and, together
with increasing market interest, supports our positive view. Other new sensing applications in 3D and
other technologies add to our array of long-term growth opportunities in the automotive market.

We recorded attractive results in our industrial business as a leading supplier of solutions for industrial
and factory automation, building control and other industrial sensing. Imaging is a growth driver for

us where we introduced innovative solutions as the leader in global shutter technology. Our medical
business performed well again based on our leadership in Medical Imaging for computed tomography
and digital X-ray. We expanded market penetration in Asia ramping an additional regional OEM last year.
Our micro camera technology is being adopted for disposable high quality endoscopes, an attractive
growth market going forward.


--- Page 3 ---

Alexander Everke, CEO.

Michael Wachsler-Markowitsch, CFO.

Dr. Thomas Stockmeier, COO

Mark Hamersma, CBO


--- Page 4 ---



--- Page 5 ---

We command an exciting technology portfolio, actively manage it to drive innovation and use M&A as
a tool to accelerate our strategy. We added KeyLemon, a leader in 3D biometric software, last year to
further expand our 3D sensing expertise. More recently, we streamlined our portfolio moving parts of
our environmental business into a joint venture structure as we focus on our strategic pillars optical,
image and audio.

We continue to invest strongly in R&D to advance and secure our leading technology position in
sensing. Our hybrid manufacturing model combines outsourcing partnerships along our value chain
with differentiated in-house manufacturing for wafers, optical filters and systems, and, in the foreseeable
future, VCSELs. We are finalizing our internal production line for cutting-edge high power VCSELs in the
current year with production ramp to follow. At year-end, we completed a significant two-year expan-
sion and investment cycle which saw us investing substantially into our Singapore production capacity
again to support customer plans. A major portion of 2018 capital expenditures of USD 471 million

was related to these efforts. We ramped the additional capacity in the second half of 2018 following a
demand-related meaningful under-utilization in the second quarter. However, utilization levels were
again negatively impacted by consumer demand weakness towards year-end and into the current year
while our internal CMOS wafer capacity was fully utilized in 2018. As a consequence, we recorded lower-
than-expected profitability for the year despite a strong growth in revenues.

We are fully committed to our successful business model which supports attractive profitability and cash
generation on a long-term basis. We have, however, decided to reflect the ongoing more volatile end
market and less predictable macro-economic environment by continuing short-term financial guidance
while discontinuing numerical mid- and longer-term guidance. We have also decided to suspend our
cash dividend policy for fiscal year 2018. Aided by lower investment requirements following the con-
clusion of our major investment cycle, we focus on reinforcing our financial position including balance
sheet improvements in 2019.

The Supervisory Board again offered constructive support for our plans and backed our strategic deci-
sions last year while we honored our commitment to responsible business practices. We would like to
thank our customers, partners, shareholders and, above all, the people of ams. Our employees’ creativity,
energy, ingenuity, and commitment as “one ams" are the most important building blocks of our global
success.


--- Page 6 ---

We remain focused on executing our strategy and expect our strong market position to expand further
in 2019. We concentrate on leadership in our sensing focus areas and pursue large long-term growth
opportunities across our end markets. We continue to drive innovation and differentiation and are
moving ahead to make ams the worldwide leader in sensor solutions.

Lee Wl, oellue Vine

Alexander Everke Michael Wachsler-Markowitsch

Dr. Thomas Stockmeier Mark Hamersma
CEO CFO

coo CBO


--- Page 7 ---



--- Page 8 ---

PREFACE BY THE

SUPERVISORY BOARD

Preface by the
Supervisory Board

Dear Ladies and Gentlemen

In 2018, the strong revenue growth of 34% did not lead to the increase in profit and the positive share
price performance we were looking for. This development was disappointing for all stakeholders, par-
ticularly our shareholders. The success of ams’ products and solutions in the marketplace is proof that our
strategy works and we will continue to drive our evolution into a premier solution provider for optical,
image and audio sensing technology. Expanding our sensor technologies into broader end-markets

will require more time than initially anticipated, while changes in market demand over the course of
2018 created a negative impact on our results. These developments require us to improve our business
processes, continue to expand our market presence and closely manage our costs and investments.
Through these efforts, we seek to realize positive effects on profitability and our balance sheet structure
this year. The main parameters for achieving these targets we have set in intense and close cooperation
between the Management Board and the Supervisory Board.

During 2018, the Supervisory Board fulfilled its duties at six Supervisory Board meetings, a strategy and an
information meeting as well as 16 committee meetings. The key areas of focus included ongoing business
development, the acquisition of the Swiss software specialist KeyLemon, the issue of a convertible bond,
the adjustments to the corporate structure in the United States and Switzerland, the resolution of final
matters concerning the acquisition of Heptagon, and an adjustment to production capacities. This was in
addition to general decisions related to the strategy, the budget and the annual financial statements.

The Supervisory Board fulfilled its statutory and corporate obligations during its meetings in 2018 and
through numerous face-to-face discussions between the Supervisory Board's executive committee and
members of the Management Board. The Supervisory Board received regular, prompt and comprehensive
verbal and written information regarding the general development of the business, the financial position
and other important issues. The Audit Committee's activities focused on the process of drafting and
auditing the annual financial statements, the internal audit function, the risk management system and the
internal control system.

2018 also saw changes occurring within the Supervisory Board. The long-time Deputy Chairperson of
the Supervisory Board Prof. Dr. Siegfried Selberherr who served for 17 years, together with Klaus Iffland
who served for 12 years, did not run for re-election. We would like to thank both gentlemen who offered
their time, expertise and energy to ams during their long tenure. Without their contributions, important
technological developments and successes in the automotive industry would have been very difficult
to achieve. At the Annual General Meeting 2018, Prof. Dr. Monika Henzinger and Ms. Tan Yen-Yen were
elected to the Supervisory Board. The new members bring additional expertise and experience in the


--- Page 9 ---

areas of software and market developments in Asia. Furthermore, the Supervisory Board recognized the
relevance of technology development for the company, and accordingly established the Technology
Committee. This committee allows the Supervisory Board to better monitor the significant technical
developments within the ams group and the economic results they could realize.

During 2018, all members of the Supervisory Board attended all meetings and likewise all committee
meetings had a full attendance rate. The members of the Supervisory Board again took the initiative to
review their activities and decision-making procedures through a self-evaluation process supported by an
external expert.

On behalf of the Supervisory Board, | would like to thank the Management for its commitment, and
especially all ams employees for their dedication and service. Your hard work is the basis for the ongoing
successful development of ams. | would also like to thank our shareholders, customers and business part-
ners for their continued confidence and trust in the company.

On behalf of the Supervisory Board

Hans Jorg Kaltenbrunner
Chairperson of the Supervisory Board


--- Page 10 ---

OUR COMPANY

We are passionate

about creating
sensor solutions



--- Page 11 ---

Our Vision

For ams, “Sensing is Life” and our passion is in
creating sensor solutions that make devices and
technology smarter, safer, more environmentally
friendly and easier to use. We are shaping the world
with sensor solutions, leading the way in forging
continuous connections between people and
technology, and envisioning a seamless experience
between the two.

Our Company and Strategy

ams sensor solutions and sensor ICs are at the

heart of the products and technologies that define
our world today - from smartphones and mobile
devices to smart homes and buildings, industrial
automation, medical technology and driver-assisting
vehicles. Leading manufacturers around the globe
rely on our sensing expertise for advanced system
designs. Our solutions excel in applications requiring
extreme precision, high sensitivity, dynamic range,
and low power consumption in small form factors.

Our corporate strategy is focused on making ams
the global leader in sensor solutions in three strong-
ly growing areas: Optical, Image, and Audio sensing.
These areas represent the three pillars of ams, and
we are taking consistent and decisive steps to build
true leadership in these high-value markets.

We actively manage a highly advanced technology
and product portfolio around these three sens-

ing areas to drive differentiation as the key factor
for sustained leadership. Executing our strategic
roadmap makes ams a strong and respected leader
in the global semiconductor industry — to ben-

efit our customers, shareholders, suppliers, and
employees.


--- Page 12 ---

z In each of our three focus areas we strive to offer internal R&D efforts. Following our transformation-

x our customers industry-leading performance and al 2016 acquisition of Heptagon, the global leader

S innovation by providing complete sensor solu- in micro-optics and high-performance optical

S tions, so OEMs can rely on one trusted vendor for packaging, we acquired Princeton Optronics, a

oc their technology needs. We are driving integration leader in high power Vertical Cavity Surface-Emit-

3 of sensor technologies into high performance ting Lasers (VCSELs), in 2017. Their outstanding and
solutions that may include sensing and related highly differentiated VCSEL technology is driving
hardware, state-of-the-art sensing algorithms, strong competitive advantages in 3D and optical
sensor fusion software and application software. sensing illumination for ams, in both consumer
By offering solutions reflecting customers’evolving devices and upcoming applications for assisted to
needs, we help the industry move forward while autonomous driving, other automotive as well as
creating market advantages for our customers. We industrial sensing. In 2018, we acquired KeyLemon,
empower OEMs to deliver differentiated products a leader in 3D face recognition software, signifi-
that change and improve lives, and enable exciting cantly expanding our software and solution exper-
new end-user experiences. tise for 3D sensing applications. Leveraging these

acquisitions with our strong R&D efforts in optical

To advance our business more quickly towards technologies has been instrumental in creating our
global leadership in optical, image, and audio platform for leadership in the long-term growth
sensing, we use technology acquisitions as a market for 3D sensing and emerging optical tech-

strategic tool supplementing our continued strong _ nologies.

Our Talent
“One ams" means around 9,000 ams employees Clearly, our workforce is the most valuable asset
worldwide. Collaborating to drive our market for the company and the core driver of our leading

success and envisaging the sensor solutions of the market position globally. Successful in our markets,
future, together we are “one ams”. we are able to attract, develop and retain the
best and brightest talent in the industry offering
exciting challenges and opportunities. A wide
range of highly inventive, creative and unconven-

The people of ams are tional thinkers unites at ams to realize innovation
and bring cutting-edge technology to customers

our most valuable asset around the word

and the core driver of

our leading market

position globally


--- Page 13 ---



--- Page 14 ---



--- Page 15 ---

Our culture is built around the core values of ams
and designed for pushing boundaries. Driven by
along-term strategy, we empower our employees
while holding them accountable. Demanding
integrity in everything we do, we want our staff
to be trustworthy, loyal, authentic, and true role
models. We embrace diversity as a key element of
our culture with locations on three continents and
over 60 nationalities working together at ams.

Over the course of last year we continued to add
employees to support our growth plans for the
future. Across the company we welcomed a range
of highly qualified industry and functional profes-

Manufacturing

Our flexible hybrid manufacturing concept com-
bines focused internal production capacity and
strong external manufacturing partnerships to
build competitive advantages. Following a consis-
tent approach, we drive outsourcing with external
production partners to create flexibility and pursue
in-house manufacturing to the extent that specific
differentiation in the production process or specific
technology requirements warrant it.

We operate production sites in Austria, mainly

for front-end CMOS wafer manufacturing, in the
Philippines for testing and related production
steps, and in Singapore for optical manufacturing
and packaging back-end. We added our Singapore
locations following the acquisition of Singapore-
based Heptagon in 2016 and implemented a
significant expansion of production capacity in
Singapore in 2017 and 2018. These investments
were driven by new technologies in 3D and optical

sionals that strengthened and deepened our skills

in different areas of our business. At the same time,
we remain a major employer of skilled labor at our
manufacturing locations in Singapore, Austria, and
the Philippines.

We recognize every staff member's effort and
commitment and value how every ams employee
contributes to our success in a highly competitive
sector. We are committed to offering a dynamic,
positive work environment where our successful
strategy creates significant opportunities for per-
sonal growth that are recognized in the industry.

sensing, which our manufacturing helped bring
to market for high volume consumer applications,
and related customer needs. We are also able to
strengthen the performance advantages of our
VCSEL laser technology through internal manufac-
turing. To this end, we are nearing completion of a
high volume production line for advanced VCSEL
lasers for optical and 3D sensing in Singapore and
expect to begin the mass production ramp of this
front-end wafer facility around year-end 2019.

Our successful hybrid
manufacturing model
combines outsourced
and internal supply
chains across all areas
of production

21


--- Page 16 ---

22

OUR COMPANY

We will continue our successful hybrid manufac-
turing combining outsourced and internal supply
chains across all areas of production: front-end
CMOS wafer manufacturing, filter production,

Corporate Responsibility

Rigorous standards regarding ethical, professional
practices and environmental responsibility guide
how ams conducts its business around the world.
At the core of ams’ business activities is our com-
pany code of conduct to which all our business
functions worldwide adhere. The code of conduct
is a public binding set of principles and procedures
for all ams employees that safeguards consistent,
responsible, and accountable corporate activity.
We actively monitor compliance with the code of
conduct and provide secure feedback channels for
employees globally.

For almost 10 years we have been a member of the
United Nations Global Compact, the world’s largest
corporate strategic policy initiative for responsible
business and sustainability. Underwritten by more
than 13,000 members in 161 countries, the United
Nations Global Compact is committed to human
rights, labor standards, environmental protection,
and anti-corruption measures.

We recognize our responsibility as a business to
engage with a broader set of stakeholders beyond
the boundaries of our business focus. We therefore
support a range of social initiatives and organiza-
tions on the community as well as international
level, including recurring volunteer opportunities
for employees at several ams locations.

optical packaging, and VCSEL manufacturing. After
completing the major investment cycle last year we
expect to pursue focused manufacturing invest-
ments going forward.

Reflecting our leadership approach, we continue
our firm commitment of protecting the environ-
ment and the sustainability of resources while
being successful in our industry. We pursue a
reduction of our global carbon emissions foot-
print in relation to the scope of our business and
strive to deploy technologies designed to lower
our electricity and natural gas consumption. To
support these efforts our internal production sites
in Austria and the Philippines are certified accord-
ing to the Environmental Management System DIN
EN ISO 14001. Expanding our engagement, we are
currently in the process of receiving the equiva-
lent certification for our production locations in
Singapore.

Detailed information on our emissions footprint is
published on a yearly basis within the framework
of the Carbon Disclosure Project. The Carbon Dis-
closure Project was initiated by some of the world’s
largest institutional investors and is now well
established as the leading international initiative
for corporate disclosure of environmental informa-
tion to stakeholders. Participating since 2009, we
have built a solid track record of disclosure on this
widely recognized platform.


--- Page 17 ---



--- Page 18 ---

OUR BUSINESS

We focus on our

Strategic pillars
optical, image and
audio sensing



--- Page 19 ---

ams is a worldwide leader in sensor solutions
providing high-performance sensing technolo-
gies with a clear focus on three strategic pillars,
optical, image and audio sensing. Serving many
of the world’s leading companies as a key suppli-
er, we power a wide range of innovative sensing
applications in the mobile, consumer, automotive,
industrial, and medical end markets.

Optical sensing

ams is the pre-eminent global player in optical
sensing, holding a leadership position in key
optical sensing applications. As our most relevant
strategic pillar, optical sensing continues to provide
the major share of our total business and is an
important driver of long-term growth for ams.

Within optical sensing, 3D sensing continues to be
a key growth market and we anticipate this tech-
nology to remain a bold driver for years to come as
3D sensing technologies are on course to become
pervasive across our end markets. Face recognition
and authentication, assisted and autonomous
driving, object recognition, and augmented reality
are among the first evident uses of 3D sensing. 3D
depth information offers a wealth of new sensing
data driving profound change in the world of
sensing through three-dimensional interpretation
of captured scenes or objects. This technology is
poised to create new high value measurement and
sensing applications in all end markets over time,
from consumer and automotive to industrial and
medical.

25


--- Page 20 ---

With our outstanding portfolio of differentiated op-
tical technologies and extensive system know-how,
we continue to build a leadership position in highly
complex 3D sensing technology. Our unmatched
optical sensing portfolio encompasses high

OUR BUSINESS

performance optical sensors, illumination systems,
and optical systems built around industry-leading
micro-optics packaging, wafer-level optics and
other optical components including diffractive
optical elements.

The evolution of mobile devices is opening new
possibilities with next generation applications re-
defining the way we perceive and interact with the
world. ams helped introduce the first high-volume
application of 3D sensing technology, enabling

a global smartphone platform in the consumer
market. Based on our industry-leading 3D sensing
know-how and portfolio we are moving ahead in
the 3D market supplying all three 3D technologies
structured light (SL), time-of-flight (ToF), and active
stereo vision (ASV). As 3D sensing adoption in
mobile devices is broadening we see ongoing co-
existence of these 3D sensing approaches. We also
cover front-facing as well as world-facing applica-
tions offering modules, components and solutions
for all approaches.

Leveraging our optical
technologies we continue
to build a leadership
position in complex

3D sensing technology

26

Our technology offers unique capabilities to create
compact high-power illumination systems based
on Vertical Cavity Surface Emitting Lasers (VCSEL)
that will help drive innovation in consumer and
non-consumer 3D sensing. We are able to differ-
entiate in this area leveraging Princeton Optronics’
outstanding high-power VCSEL technology and
our in-house VCSEL driver circuit designs. IIlumina-
tion systems increasingly define core aspects and
system performance of 3D sensing solutions. We
continue to gain traction in this market and stand
out as an integrated supplier of VCSEL illumination
systems with VCSEL, VCSEL driver and module
capabilities under one roof.

The recent joint announcement with Qualcomm
Technologies, Inc. and Face++ also shows how we
actively build ecosystem partnerships based on
combined development efforts. The announced 3D
active stereo camera solution for Android-based
mobile applications like biometric face authenti-
cation, 3D imaging, and scanning is based on our
advanced VCSEL sources, our optical IR pattern
technology with WLO, Snapdragon™ application
processor integration and Face++ recognition soft-
ware. At the same time, we continue to expand our
3D software portfolio following the acquisition of
KeyLemon which enables deeper system involve-
ment for us and offers OEMs a smoother path to
implementing 3D sensing.

Our 3D sensing strategy therefore combines a
market-leading hardware and software portfolio to
offer a differentiated solution capability. We pursue
a clearly defined roadmap in 3D sensing and tailor
solutions that meet evolving customer needs.


--- Page 21 ---



--- Page 22 ---



--- Page 23 ---

We expect high-volume uses of 3D sensing to
drive a multi-stage adoption cycle in consumer
and non-consumer end markets over the coming
years. The adoption of 3D sensing beyond the
consumer market is already visible in significant
automotive applications such as solid-state 3D
LIDAR, a core technology required for higher level
assisted towards autonomous driving. Based on
our VCSEL and VCSEL driver expertise, we achieved
a first large design-win for a 3D LIDAR illumination
system last year at a leading Tier 1 automotive
supplier. Given the advantages of our illumination
technology in LIDAR applications, we expect to
play a leading role in the growth of this exciting
market in the coming decade. Innovative optical
sensing inside the vehicle for driver monitoring
and identification is another new application area
where we are seeing early customer interest. In
addition, OEMs are starting to show early inter-
est in 3D technologies for industrial sensing and
automation which will open up a further very large
market for the future.

Holding a leadership position in advanced light
sensing for display management and proximity
sensing in mobile devices, our TrueColor ambient
light sensors remain an important product area for
ams. Precise enough to copy the light perception of
the human eye, they enable device vendors to pro-
vide high quality paper-like display performance
and a rich display experience. As the trend goes

to all-screen or bezel-less smartphones, front-side
functions need to move behind the OLED display.
We recently launched innovative optical sensors
which detect ambient light and proximity from be-

hind a smartphone’s OLED screen. With this ‘Behind
OLED’ solution we enable smartphone OEMs to
achieve the highest possible ratio of display area
to body size while ensuring high quality display
adjustment and proximity detection. Incorporating
unique algorithms the solution offers ultra-high
sensitivity for the very low light levels passing
through the display resulting in excellent perfor-
mance in all lighting conditions. Separately, the
world’s smallest 1D time-of-flight sensor for accu-
rate proximity sensing and distance measurement
in smartphones integrates a VCSEL source, multiple
SPAD (single photon avalanche photodiode) light
detectors and advanced software to offer reliable
performance even when the sensor aperture is
smudged or dirty.

In the innovative field of spectral sensing, ams is
working to bring next-generation optical technol-
ogy to the mass market. Sophisticated spectral
analysis based on proprietary ams IP creates a
platform to develop strongly differentiated new
applications including highly accurate matching of
colors in consumer online shopping and, in future,
food identification for mobile devices. Driven by
our advances in optical sensing, biosensing is
another future growth area benefitting from the
trend to monitor personal health and bring diag-
nostics closer to the home. We are able to measure
blood pressure, a very important health indicator,
at up to medical grade accuracy and currently pur-
sue a regulatory certification in the United States.
Adding heart rate, vein elasticity, vagal tone, and
pulse transit time measurement, our complete op-
tical sensing hard- and software solution enables a

29


--- Page 24 ---

OUR BUSINESS

30

snapshot of personal health and a timeline of data
for preventive care that was not available before.
We believe this technology may also be embed-

Imaging

ams is a leader in high-performance image sensing
for the medical and industrial markets, built around
our market-leading portfolio in medical imaging
and global shutter image sensor technology. We
provide advanced sensor solutions in medical im-
aging for computer tomography, digital X-ray, and
mammography offering highest diagnostic quality
while minimizing radiation exposure for patients.
We hold the leadership position in this area and
continue to broaden our market penetration in
Asia. Moreover, the latest generation of our minia-
turized NanEye micro cameras powers high-quality
imaging for disposable medical endoscopes as the
world’s smallest cameras for endoscopy. Here we
help enable a new level of diagnostics and patient
safety in a very attractive growth area.

We also lead the market through innovation with
our industrial image sensing solutions focused
on high-performance global shutter technology.
We support a range of growth applications in

Audio sensing

As the market leader in MEMS microphone inter-
faces, we focus on high-quality audio sensing for
consumer devices. Besides the high volume market
for smartphones and computing, the adoption of
home assistants and hardware digital assistants
continues to increase. This market expansion drives
growth as speech-related applications require
multiple high quality microphones per device.

ded unobtrusively in daily life applications such as
smart toilets, car seating and car steering wheels.

high-quality machine vision, inspection, traffic
control and high-end imaging including the trend
towards always-on vision. Our recently introduced
new global shutter image sensors for machine
vision and Automated Optical Inspection pro-

vide strongly superior image quality and higher
throughput in the 1” optical format. Enabling
embedded vision functionality, the NanEye micro
camera technology with a tiny footprint of just

1 mm’ is also offering innovative solutions for
space-constrained industrial and even future
consumer applications. We have started to develop
anew generation of high-resolution IR image
sensors to enhance our 3D sensing portfolio and
are driving a strategic convergence opportunity
for combined image and spectral sensing. Based
on our exclusive ability to cover both sensing tech-
nologies we pursue a roadmap for highly innova-
tive solutions for mobile applications that enable
high-quality image capture and spectral analysis in
one ams device.

We are a leader in high-
performance image
sensing, built around
our portfolio in medical
imaging and global
shutter technology


--- Page 25 ---

Our active noise cancellation (ANC) solutions de-
liver excellent sound quality regardless of ambient
noise levels for audio devices such as earphones,
headphones and headsets. Powering wireless and
wired designs with smallest form factors and very
low power consumption, we hold the leading posi-
tion in this attractively growing market. Providing
analog, digital and hybrid ANC we offer custom-
ers full flexibility and are introducing innovative
augmented hearing technology where important

Other business lines

Beyond our sensing focus areas we remain active in
select existing product lines where we add oppor-
tunistic business. Following a strategic decision last
year, we have de-emphasized our environmental
sensing development efforts to focus on very
attractive mid- and long-term growth opportuni-
ties particularly in optical technologies. As a result
we recently announced the creation of a joint
venture for our environmental, flow and pressure
sensor solutions with Wise Road Capital and will
transfer IP, sensor products and solutions, relevant
customers and employees to the joint venture.

acoustic information is selectively excluded from
noise cancellation. Our exclusice single cable
interface for audio devices allows simultaneous
battery charging and data exchange over only two
wires for more attractive design options and easier
implementation. Looking ahead, we expect audio
sensing to expand into new applications such as
machine hearing in the coming years creating
additional opportunities for our portfolio.

Our other sensing lines include a leading position
in contactless position sensing for the industrial
and automotive markets. With our successful posi-
tion sensor solutions we enable high-performance
industrial sensing and measurement as well as a
broad range of automotive sensing, from power-
train to chassis control and in-cabin applications.
Based on our power management expertise and an
opportunistic design win we are also supplying an
advanced power management component into a
high-volume consumer charging application.

31


--- Page 26 ---

32

OUR GLOBAL NETWORK

Our Global Network

Europe Asia North America
Austria PR China USA
Headquarters 4 locations 3 locations
Belgium India
France Japan
Germany South Korea
4 locations
Philippines
Italy
3 locations Singapore
3 locations
Netherlands
Taiwan
Portugal
Switzerland
3 locations
Spain

United Kingdom
2 locations


--- Page 27 ---



--- Page 28 ---

INVESTOR RELATIONS AND
EXECUTIVE BODIES



--- Page 29 ---

As ams implements its successful sensor solutions
strategy creating growth opportunities for the
future the ams share continues to offer attractive
potential for value appreciation despite a lackluster
development and negative full year price perfor-
mance in 2018.

Following a strong start reaching new all-time
highs in the first quarter of the year, the ams share
recorded a meaningful share price decrease which
continued through most of the second half of
2018. This development was largely triggered by

a noticeably weaker business performance in the
second quarter due to lower demand in ams’ con-
sumer business. ams’ business then showed an ex-
pected reversal in the third quarter, however, as the
second half year progressed lower-than-expected
demand in the smartphone market and macro-
economic uncertainties created further negative
impacts and required ams to reduce fourth quarter
expectations in an intra-quarter update. For the
share, this increase in consumer market volatility
over the course of 2018 overshadowed the strong
full year revenue growth ams was able to achieve.
As a result, the ams share ended the year around
74% lower compared to the beginning of the year.

Given the current volatile capital market
environment, ams has decided to postpone the
planned secondary listing at the Hong Kong

stock exchange. Nevertheless, ams successfully
completed the prerequisite jurisdiction admission
process for Austria in December 2018. ams expects
to pursue the planned secondary listing at a later
point in time as investor interest and ams’ business
presence in the Asia/Pacific region continue to
increase.

35


--- Page 30 ---

INVESTOR RELATIONS

36

EXECUTIVE BODIES

In 2018, ams distributed a dividend of EUR 0.33 for
fiscal year 2017 based on a cash dividend policy
which provided for a dividend of at least the
previous year's dividend amount. Reflecting a more
volatile end market and macro-economic situation,
ams has decided to suspend its cash dividend
policy for fiscal year 2018 to focus on strengthen-
ing its business in 2019. ams continues to operate a
share buyback scheme under which the company
bought back 4,095,339 shares last year, equivalent
to 4.9% of total issued shares at year-end 2018. ams
plans to use a major portion of treasury shares held
to cover employee long-term incentive plans.

At the Annual General Meeting in June 2018, all
agenda items subject to a vote were approved with
an overwhelming majority.

ams pursued a broad range of investor relations
activities in 2018, based on its quarterly reports
and regular presentations to research analysts,

press, and institutional investors. ams continued

its extensive road show activities and attended a
number of international investor conferences in
Europe, North America and Asia/Pacific accessing
existing shareholders and interested investors.
Interest from U.S. and Asia/Pacific investors was
again high or increased further in 2018, as a
consequence these regions remained a focus of
ams’ investor relations activities. Together with the
expansion of ams’ business worldwide this helped
advance the visibility of the ams share on a global
scale.

A comprehensive suite of financial reports, press
releases, presentations, and additional information
on the ams share is available in the “Investor” sec-
tion of the company website www.ams.com.

ISIN: ATOOOOA18XM4

Securities code: 24924656

Ticker symbol (SIX Swiss Exchange): AMS
Reuters / Bloomberg: AMS.S / AMS SW


--- Page 31 ---

Executive Bodies

Management Board

Alexander Everke (CEO)

Michael Wachsler-Markowitsch (CFO)
Dr. Thomas Stockmeier (COO)

Mark Hamersma (CBO)

Supervisory Board
Guido Klestil (Honorary Chairperson)

Hans Jorg Kaltenbrunner (Chairperson)

Prof. Dr. Siegfried Selberherr (Deputy Chairperson until June 6, 2018)
Michael Grimm (Deputy Chairperson)

Klaus Iffland (until June 6, 2018)

Jacob Jacobsson

Loh Kin-Wah

Tan Yen Yen (from June 6, 2018)

Prof. Dr. Monika Henzinger (from June 6, 2018)
Johann Eitner (employee representative)
Andreas Pein (employee representative)
Bianca Stotz (employee representative)

37


--- Page 32 ---

52

Group Management Report 2018

1. Overview of the Economic Environment
and the Past Financial Year

The global semiconductor sector showed a positive
development in 2018 and benefitted from a benign
macroeconomic environment in key regions.

Total sales of the global semiconductor industry
grew meaningfully in 2018, increasing by 13.7%

to USD 468.8 billion, while market volume had
increased by 21.6% in 2017 to USD 412.2 billion.
The relevant market segment for ams, analog semi-
conductors, grew 10.8% to USD 58.8 billion in 2018
(previous year: USD 53.1 billion).

ams commands a leading position in advanced
sensor solutions which is built around a strong
focus on innovation and more than 35 years of
experience in analog semiconductors and sensors.
Serving more than 8,000 customers globally,

ams continued to expand its worldwide business
activities in 2018 and increased its presence in the
relevant markets in Europe, Asia/Pacific, and North
America.

ams successfully pursued its focused strategy for
leadership in optical, imaging, and audio sens-

ing and recorded substantial growth from both
consumer and non-consumer end markets in 2018.
As end market volatility increased towards the end
of the year ams faced unexpected weakness in
customer demand in its consumer business in the
fourth quarter compared to original expectations.

ams’ business segment “Consumer” comprises

the products and sensor solutions for the market
Consumer & Communication. ams’ consumer busi-
ness which is a major supplier of advanced sensor
solutions for smartphones and consumer devices
was the main growth driver for the company again
in 2018. At the same time, optical sensing was
once more the most important business area for

1) Source: WSTS, February 2018

ams and commanded the largest share of group
revenues. Consequently, optical sensing solutions
in 3D sensing and advanced display management
continued to be important revenue streams for the
company.

As the leader in optical sensing, ams offers a

broad portfolio of high performance solutions

for 3D sensing including VCSEL-based illumina-
tion, TrueColor and other display management,
advanced proximity sensing, spectral sensing, and
other optical applications. ams continued to drive
innovation in optical technologies in 2018 bringing
new products and solutions to the market.

ams is a leading provider of 3D sensing technology
and ramped significant 3D sensing volumes for a
major global smartphone platform in the second
half of 2018. As 3D sensing adoption in mobile
devices is broadening, ams sees ongoing coex-
istence of the 3D sensing approaches structured
light (SL), time-of-flight (TOF), and active stereo
vision (ASV). ams has been able to win designs

in all three areas with more 3D sensing-enabled
devices expected to be launched in 2019. ams does
not see one dominant approach emerging, rather,
technology choices will continue to be driven

by application, performance, software, solution
partner, size, and cost considerations. Currently fo-
cusing on 3D system illumination, ams is successful
working alongside different image sensor vendors
at multiple OEMs which underlines the strength of
ams’ illumination portfolio and ams’ leading system
capabilities. Consequently, ams’ 3D portfolio spans
dot projection, different types of flood illumination,
TOF proximity sensing, and pattern projection for
SL, iTOF and ASV.


--- Page 33 ---

With design-wins in SL, iTOF and ASV ams pro-
vides illumination solutions for a range of Android
3D-enabled devices which have either been com-
mercially launched or are expected to be launched
in 2019. Leveraging its solution know-how, ams
started shipping first VCSEL and 3D sensing
products for Android SL 3D face recognition to two
Asian smartphone OEMs last year. ams additionally
won Android iTOF designs for two 3D programs

at Asian smartphone OEMs which are also built
around ams’ illumination expertise and are either
shipping or expected to ship in 2019. Demonstrat-
ing the success of combined development efforts
which had started in summer 2018, ams recently
presented a high quality ASV implementation for
3D face recognition in partnership with leading
software provider Face++/Megvii, Qualcomm Tech-
nologies, Inc. and Bellus 33D. ams has separately
won a first design in ASV illumination and expects
first ASV 3D systems using ams technology in
Android smartphones in 2019.

Based on its leading portfolio in 3D sensing, ams
addresses front-facing face-related and world-fac-
ing applications. For world-facing 3D sensing,

ams expects a multi-year timeline of adoption as
applications and solutions continue to evolve.
However, supporting early adoption ams started
working on an illumination solution for a world-fac-
ing 3D sensing system in 2018 and expects volume
shipments in 2019. ams’ differentiated VCSEL
technology offers competitive advantages for 3D
sensing that are recognized in the marketplace.
Together with ams’ 3D system know-how, these are
driving strong market and design traction for ams’
VCSEL solutions in SL, iTOF and ASV. As shown by
its extensive engagements with OEMs and ecosys-
tem players, ams’ ongoing development efforts are
driving the company’s leadership position in 3D
sensing which is built on ams’ recognized solution
capability and outstanding system expertise across
all 3D technologies.

In other optical sensing, ams reinforced its market
leader position in display management light
sensors including TrueColor, ambient light and
proximity sensing. ams shipped a wide range of
display management solutions to a broad base of
consumer OEMs last year. This included significant
volumes of TrueColor solutions which ams ramped
in the second half of 2018 and very small scale
proximity sensing for audio accessories. Following
an announcement in autumn 2018, ams introduced
an innovative solution for under-OLED-display light
and proximity sensing which enables bezel-less
phone designs and won first design wins expected
to ship in 2019. As bezel reduction is a key theme
in the smartphone market, ams is seeing additional
OEM interest in the technology.

Significant R&D activities for new and future optical
sensing and VCSEL illumination continued in 2018
including spectral sensing product development.
ams is finalizing a miniature spectral sensing solu-
tion for consumer applications and expects first
shipments to start in 2019. ams’ other consumer
product lines provided valuable contributions in
2018 shipping in high volume to multiple OEMs.

Audio sensing was another growth area for ams in
2018. MEMS microphone interfaces where ams is
the market leader recorded solid volume growth
again last year. The strong market success of home
assistant devices with multiple microphone con-
tent was an important driver of this development.
In the growing market for ear- and headphone
active noise cancellation (ANC), ams holds a lead-
ership position serving a broad range of accessory
and device OEMs. New technologies such as ams’
single cable power and data interface and hybrid
integrated ANC are seeing market traction and
offer additional business opportunities.

53


--- Page 34 ---

54

In autumn 2018, ams decided to de-emphasize
development efforts in environmental sensing and
focus relevant resources on very attractive mid-
and long-term growth opportunities in optical
technologies. ams expects optical technologies
including further innovation to support an even
broader spectrum of applications in the future. ams
therefore believes that optical sensing is offer-

ing higher market and revenue potential for the
company. Based on the decision, ams has already
implemented steps to internally redeploy R&D
resources to its optical sensing focus area and is
exploring strategic options for parts of the environ-
mental sensing business.

As a result of these streamlining efforts, ams can
pursue a more focused strategy around its three
strategic pillars optical, image and audio sensing
which are core drivers of differentiation for the
company.

ams's business segment “Non-Consumer", which
comprises of products and sensor solutions
targeting the end markets industrial, medical

and automotive, performed well in 2018 growing
in-line with expectations. ams serves a diversified
range of non-consumer end markets with a clear
focus on advanced sensing applications for global
OEMs. As a leading supplier of high value sensing
solutions, ams continued to drive innovation and
performance across non-consumer applications.

ams’ automotive business showed attractive
growth in 2018. Focused on applications for safety,
driver assistance, autonomous driving, position,
and chassis control, ams’ automotive portfolio is
strongly positioned towards structural growth
areas in automotive sensing. ams shipped a broad
range of differentiated sensing products to leading
automotive system suppliers in 2018 and sees
increasing customer interest for its solutions in Asia
including Japan. In automotive LIDAR, develop-
ment activities continue at a strong pace to sup-
port a large 3D LIDAR program for a VCSEL array/
driver illumination system at a global automotive
supplier. LIDAR and 3D technologies are gaining
increasing attention for automotive applications,
for these ams offers strong VCSEL and optical
sensing as well as system integration know-how
which enables high performance implementations.
ams also sees OEM interest in in-cabin 3D sensing
applications which are expected to offer additional
opportunities in the future.

ams’ industrial business recorded another year

of growth in 2018. ams is an important supplier

to industrial OEMs worldwide serving the indus-
trial automation, factory automation, HABA, and
additional industrial markets. Expanding its broad
portfolio of differentiated solutions, ams was able
to strengthen its leading position in industrial sens-
ing based on application know-how and solution
expertise. The industrial markets for manufactur-
ing, HABA, industrial loT and other applications


--- Page 35 ---

continue to see increasing demand for sen-
sor-based data acquisition. As a consequence, ams
expects new sensing applications and technologies
including 3D sensing to create further growth
opportunities for ams in the coming years. ams’
industrial imaging and machine vision business
was particularly successful last year expanding its
customer base and winning new designs. Leverag-
ing its industry-leading global shutter technology,
ams brought innovation to the market and remains
at the forefront of growth applications in high
performance image sensing.

ams’ medical business showed a good perfor-
mance and solid growth again in 2018. ams’ market
leadership in Medical Imaging for computed
tomography (CT), digital X-ray, and mammography
remained the core driver of ams’ medical business
in 2018. ams successfully ramped first solutions for
another new Asian medical imaging OEM and sees
continuing good market traction in Asia. ams also
introduced the next generation of micro camer-

as offering the world’s smallest camera systems

for endoscopy. Based on this strong technology
position, next generation medical endoscopy is
expected to be a growth area for ams.

ams’ business segment “Foundry” which manufac-
tures analog and mixed-signal ICs for customers
in specialty processes performed well in 2018 and
contributed to the company’s results. Positioned
as a full service provider the business retained its
leading position in the analog specialty foundry
market.

In operations, ams realized a substantial expan-
sion of manufacturing capacity in its Singapore
locations in 2018 to support customer plans.
Simultaneously, ams achieved strong efficiency
improvements and reduced process times in
several production areas which resulted in a lower
utilization of ams’ expanded optical manufacturing
and filter deposition capacity in the second half of
2018. ams’ wafer front-end manufacturing capacity
in Austria was again fully utilized through 2018.
Construction of ams’ internal VCSEL production
line continued in 2018 with limited equipment
investment remaining for 2019. ams sees addition-
al differentiation opportunities in both design and
manufacturing of high power VCSELs for consum-
er and other applications which ams is keen to
exploit through this manufacturing investment. To
optimize operational and cost effects of the wafer
manufacturing line as part of ams’ total VCSEL ca-
pacity the production ramp of the front-end facility
is planned to start around the end of 2019.

55


--- Page 36 ---

56

2. Business Results

2.1 Development of Revenues

Consolidated group revenues for the financial

year 2018 increased by 34% to EUR 1,426.3 million
compared to EUR 1,063.8 million in 2017. This
development was primarily due to the exceptional
growth in demand in the target market Consumer
(+38%) in conjunction with solid overall demand
for ams’ solutions in the Automotive, Industry and
Medical markets (AIM). The revenue increase in the
company’s Consumer business was particularly
driven by further deployment of optical sensing

solutions in 3D sensing and high-quality light sen-
sors for advanced display management, as well as
the business development of leading smartphone
manufactures, who use ams-solutions. At the same
time, ams‘ Automotive, Industry and Medical busi-
nesses were able to participate attractively in the
worldwide development of demand.

The revenue distribution by markets is shown
below:

in millions of EUR 2018 %of revenues 2017 % of revenues Change in %

Consumer 1,007.9 71% 730.2 69% +38%

AIM 418.4 29% 333.6 31% +25%
1,426.3 1,063.8

Revenue breakdown by markets

Automotive,
Industrial,
Medical

29%

71%

Consumer

The distribution of revenues by region does not
reflect the demand situation in ams’ target markets
but the geographic billing location of the compa-
ny’s customers. Business in the Asia / Pacific region
showed a significant increase in 2018 compared

to the previous year, particularly due to higher
revenues from a major customer in Asia.

The expansion of the company’s sales and distri-
bution network continued last year enabling the
addition of new customers and a higher market
presence in all regions. Based on this development,
ams expects all regions to continue to contribute
to the overall growth of the company.


--- Page 37 ---

The revenue breakdown by region (based on billing location) is shown below:

in millions of EUR 2018 %of revenues 2017 %of revenues Change in %

EMEA 259.4 18% 352.7 33% -26%

Americas 78.0 6% 212.3 20% ~63%

Asia / Pacific 1,088.9 76% 498.8 47% +118%
1,426.3 1,063.8

Revenue breakdown by region
Europe, Middle East,
Africa

18%

Americas
5%

Asia / Pacific 76%

2.2 Orders Received and Order Backlog

Orders received reflect the positive business
development across all major markets with EUR
1,258.0 million in 2018 , however declined in total
in comparison to the previous year of EUR 1,588.9
million in 2017 due to changing ordering patterns
over the course of the year

Revenues and orders developed as follows:

ams’ year-end order backlog decreased by 46% to
EUR 291.8 million on December 31, 2018 compared
to EUR 541.9 million at year-end 2017. This high
level nevertheless constitutes an excellent basis

for the year creating an excellent starting point for
2019.

in millions of EUR 2018 2017 Change in %
Revenues 1,426.3 1,063.8 +34%
Orders received 1,258.0 1,588.9 -21%
Total order backlog 291.8 541.9 ~46%



--- Page 38 ---

58

2.3 Earnings

Gross profit decreased to EUR 387.9 million in 2018
compared to EUR 409.8 million in the previous year.

The company’s full year gross margin excluding
acquisition-related amortization share-based com-
pensations costs and one-time restructuring costs
decreased to 32% compared to 43% in 2017, gross
margin including acquisition-related amortization
share-based compensations costs and one-time
restructuring costs also decreased to 27% com-
pared to 39% in the previous year. This develop-
ment was mostly driven by significantly lower
than anticipated volume demand in the consumer
market in the first half 2018. As a consequence this
change in demand resulted into underutilization of
the Singapore manufacturing capacities in the first
half of 2018, which had a negative impact on gross
margins. Selling prices for the company’s products
showed a stable overall level during the year.

Research and development costs, as well as mar-
keting and sales expenses showed an increase in
2018 compared to the previous year. This develop-

ment resulted from significant product develop-
ment efforts and an optimization of sales activities
as personnel costs showed a further increase.
Administrative costs were also higher compared
to the year before mostly due to an increase in
personnel costs.

Despite the revenue increase, the operating result
(EBIT) (including acquisition-related amortization,
share-based compensations costs and one-time
restructuring costs) decreased due to an increase
in fixed costs in conjunction with the expansion
of production capacities for the year 2018, by

EUR 63.1 million to EUR 12.9 million. In contrast to
the lower EBIT, EBITDA (earnings before interest
and taxes plus depreciation and amortization)
increased by EUR 1.1 million to EUR 225.5 million.

Net result for 2018 increased to EUR 93.4 million
compared to EUR 88.8 million in 2017. The return
on equity reached 7% compared to 11% for 2017
while the return on revenues decreased by 1 per-
centage point to 7% (2017: 8%).

in millions of EUR 2018 2017 Change in %
Gross profit on revenues 387.9 409.8 -5%
Gross margin

(excluding acquisition-related, one-time restructuring and

share-based compensation costs) 32% 43%

Gross margin

(including acquisition-related, one-time restructuring and

share-based compensation costs) 27% 39%

EBITDA 225.5 224.4 +1%
Operating result (EBIT) 12.9 75.9 -83%
EBIT margin

(including acquisition-related, one-time restructuring and

share-based compensation costs) 1% 7%

Financial result 78.4 2.2 +3,639%
Result before tax 91.3 737 +24%
Net result 93.4 88.8 +5%
Return on equity 7% 11%

Return on revenues 7% 8%



--- Page 39 ---

2.4 Assets and Financial Position

The balance sheet structure shows a high ratio of
fixed to total assets which is common to the sem-
iconductor industry, at the same time intangible
assets reflect the acquisitions concluded in the last
years. The share of intangibles and property, plant
and equipment in the total assets increased from
67% in 2017 to 68% in the reporting period 2018.

The investments in fixed assets affecting cash
(capital expenditures) of EUR 412.9 million were
significantly higher than the current deprecia-

tion and amortization of EUR 212.6 million and
amounted to 29% of full year revenues (2017: 55%).
The ratio of equity to fixed assets reached 53% in
2018 compared to 38% in the previous year, thus
reflecting the investments in fixed assets, acquisi-
tions and strategic investments.

In the past financial year ams completed strategic
transactions to acquire 100% of the KeyLemon S.A.,
as well as ixellence GmbH.

The fixed assets include a deferred tax asset of EUR

16.3 million (previous year: EUR 26.1 million). Under
the current tax legislation, this tax asset can be car-
ried forward indefinitely but is expected to be used
to offset profit taxes within the next five years.

Inventories amounted to EUR 309.9 million at the
end of 2018 (2017: EUR 253.9 million). This increase
was particularly driven by the further expansion of
internal manufacturing capacities at a high level
of capacity utilization and a comparable level of
inventory turnover.

Trade receivables at balance sheet date decreased
to EUR 121.0 million as a result of efficient debit
management in the fourth quarter (2017: EUR
284.8 million). The average period of outstanding
receivables showed a decrease compared to the
previous year.

Financial liabilities increased by EUR 560.8 million
to EUR 1,819.0 million from EUR 1,258.2 million

in 2017 as a result of drawing long-term credit
lines — exploiting the historically low interest rate
levels - for acquisitions and strategic investments.
Consequently, net debt increased to EUR 1,193.9
million in 2018 compared to a net debt position of
EUR 865.8 million in 2017. Group equity increased
by 56% to EUR 1,293.8 million due to positive ef-
fects of the revised earn-out structure with regards
to the Heptagon acquisition, the collar transaction
which has been carried out in conjunction with the
mentioned earn-out, as well as the positive devel-
opment of the net result.

59


--- Page 40 ---

60

Regarding financial instruments we refer to the information in the notes.

in millions of EUR 2018 2017 2018 2017
Assets Equity and liabilities

Inventories 309.9 253.9 Financial liabilities 1,819.0 1,258.2
Trade receivables 121.0 284.8 Trade liabilities 175.9 308.4
Other current assets 663.3 469.4 Other liabilities 174.8 781.5
Fixed assets 2,474.1 2,227.1 Provisions 120.9 84.6
Deferred tax asset 16.3 26.1 Shareholders’ equity 1,293.8 828.6
Total assets 3,584.5 3,261.3 Total equity and liabili 3,584.5 3,261.3

Given the higher level of equity the company’s
debt-to-equity ratio decreased to 141% compared

to 152% in the previous year. At the same time, the
equity ratio increased to 36% (2017: 25%).

2018 2017
Equity ratio 36% 25%
Debt to equity ratio 141% 152%
Equity to fixed assets ratio 53% 38%

These figures are directly derived from the group financial statements.

2.5 Cash Flow

The operating cash flow increased significantly

to EUR 315.4 million in 2018 compared to

EUR -3.6 million in the previous year. This increase
was primarily due to the higher result before taxes
and changes in trade receivables. The cash flow
from investing activities was EUR -414.7 million
(2017: EUR -514.8 million) including EUR -412.9 mil-
lion of expenditures for intangible assets, property,
plant and equipment (2017: EUR -581.9 million)

and EUR 24.8 million for company acquisitions
(2017: EUR 35.8 million). Free cash flow amounted
to EUR -99.3 million (2017: EUR -518.4 million).
The company’s available liquidity increased by
EUR 336.8 million to EUR 625.2 million at the end
of 2018. The cash flow from financing activities
amounted to EUR 406.5 million in 2018 compared
to EUR 687.7 million in the previous year.

in millions of EUR 2018 2017 Change in %
Operating cash flow 315.4 -3.6 48,861%
Cash flow from investing activities A147 5148 +19%
Free cash flow -99.3 -518.4 +81%
Cash flow from financing activities 406.5 687.7 41%
Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates

on cash and cash equivalents 24 -23.3 +90%
Cash and cash equivalents 625.2 288.4 +117%



--- Page 41 ---

3. Research and Development

ams’ technological leadership in the design and
manufacture of high performance sensor solu-
tions is based on more than 35 years of intensive
research and development activities. In order to
secure and strengthen its leading position, the
company makes significant investments in research
and development on a continuous basis. Research
and development expenses amounted to EUR
239.1 million last year (17% of revenues) compared
to EUR 214.0 million in the previous year (20% of
revenues). Research and development activities
mainly comprised sensor solutions, sensors and
sensor interfaces for the company’s core markets

regarding product development as well as the
development of specialty variants of CMOS and
SiGe processes. The average number of employees
in research and development was 1,296 in 2018
(2017: 1,106).

ams’ R&D activities again allowed the filing of a
large number of international patents and the
publication of numerous papers in international
specialist journals and at trade conferences last
year.

4. Purchasing and Manufacturing

In purchasing, ams was able to reduce the cost of
raw materials and assembly services slightly last
year which had a positive effect on the gross profit
margin. Given continuously rising personnel costs
the cost pressures in manufacturing nevertheless
remain high.

Due to the substantial expansion of the manu-
facturing capacities in Singapore and concurrent
lower than expected demand in the consumer
business, the manufacturing capacities in the
Singapore facilities have not been fully utilized in
the first half of 2018. After the successful ramp-up
in the consumer business in the second half, the
majority of the group's capacities were utilized at
the end of 2018. Internal production capacity of
the Austrian production location was fully utilized
throughout the year 2018. Any unabsorbed fixed
costs have been recorded in the income statement.

Gross margin excluding acquisition-related amor-
tization, share-based compensations costs and
one-time restructuring costs decreased to 32%
compared to 43% in 2017, gross margin including
acquisition-related amortization, share-based com-
pensations costs and one-time restructuring costs
decreased as well to 27% from 39% in the previous
year. This negative development was mainly due to
product mix effects and unabsorbed costs concern-
ing the aforementioned underutilization of the
Singapore facilities in the first half.

Given the positive demand environment for its
products and solutions ams expects another year
of very high capacity utilization for 2019.

61


--- Page 42 ---

62

5. Employees

On average, ams had 10,166 employees in 2018
(2017: 7,016) of which 1,374 worked at the
company headquarters in Premstaetten (2017:
1,227). The increase of 3,150 employees comprises
the addition of 190 employees in research and
development, 2,482 employees in production and
478 employees in General and Administration. At
31.12.2018, the ams group employed 9,884 em-
ployees (2017: 11,168).

ams recognizes its responsibility as an important
employer in the region. The company again offered
a wide range of internal and external training and
development opportunities for all employees last
year and provided training positions for appren-
tices.

ams attempts to retain its employees with the
help of a long-term remuneration model. A profit

6. Environment

Acting responsibly towards the environment is a
basic principle for ams in all business operations.
ams is dedicated to meeting the highest environ-
mental standards as well as using resources and
the environment conservatively. ams has therefore
been certified to ISO 14001:2004 for a number of
years.

Sustainability as well as efforts to preserve en-
vironmental resources and reduce energy costs
and carbon dioxide emissions are major concerns
for ams which have been supported by a range

sharing program for all ams employees augments
the existing employee stock option and incentive
programs by way of an attractive direct compo-
nent. The profit sharing program expresses ams’
belief that the company’s employees are its most
important success factor and honors every employ-
ee’s contribution to ams’ success.

Based on the earnings in 2018, the total amount for
distribution which depends on the operating profit
before taxes in relation to full year revenues (EBT
margin) remains stable and totals EUR 1.6 million
for 2018 (2017: EUR 1.6 million).

Moreover, active internal and employee communi-
cations as well as regular employee events which
form a company tradition serve to ensure the
employees’ identification with the company.

of activities for many years. Based on a thorough
analysis of ams’ carbon dioxide emission sources
in 2009, measures to achieve further reductions in
carbon dioxide emissions are being defined each
subsequent year.

ams also submits information on its carbon dioxide
emissions to the Carbon Disclosure Project, a
global transparency initiative which has created
the world's largest freely available database of
corporate carbon dioxide emissions.


--- Page 43 ---

7. Subsidiaries and Branch Facilities

ams currently has subsidiaries in Switzerland, Italy,
Germany, France, Belgium, the United Kingdom,
Spain, Portugal, Sweden, the U.S., the Cayman
Islands, the Philippines, China, Japan, Korea, Slo-
venia, India and Singapore. The subsidiaries in the
USA, Switzerland, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom,
Slovenia, Germany, Japan and India carry out
development, marketing and sales activities, while
the subsidiaries in France and China are active in
marketing and sales and technical support. The
subsidiary in the Philippines is responsible for
production activities in testing, while the subsidi-
ary in Korea is responsible for sales and assembly
in the region. The subsidiary in Singapore conducts
production, marketing, sales and research and de-

8. Risk Management

Operating on a global basis, the ams group is
exposed to a variety of risks that are inextricably
linked to business activities. In order to identify,
evaluate and counteract these risks in a timely
manner, ams has developed and implemented
tight internal risk management systems. This

risk management system was implemented and
benchmarked against best practices in conjunction
with the company’s auditors. The risk management
process in place requires the business units to
constantly monitor and evaluate risks. Regular risk

Business Interruption Risk

The company’s state-of-the-art 200mm manu-
facturing facility went into operation in 2002.
Although more than 15 years old the facility is
regarded as comparatively new by analog semi-
conductor industry standards. In addition, the con-

velopment activities. Branch facilities exist in Hong
Kong, Singapore and Taiwan.

Principal shareholdings: The investment in NewS-
cale Technologies, Inc., Victor, New York (USA),
remained unchanged at 34.0%. NewScale Technol-
ogies develops piezo-based miniature motor tech-
nologies and licenses products and technologies to
industrial partners.

In 2018 ams invested in 7Sensing Software NV.,
Leuven, Belgium and received 35.0% ownership.
7Sensing Software NV develops software-solu-
tions for 3D Sensing, which are applicable in the
consumer business.

reports are prepared for the management board
and supervisory board. This ensures that major
risks are identified and counteraction can be taken
at an early stage.

The internal audit function complements the risk
management process. In close alignment with the
supervisory board's audit committee it aims to
analyze internal processes and if necessary propose
improvements.

tinuous maintenance and renewal process ensures
uninterrupted operation of the production facility.
Therefore the risk of breakdowns or prolonged
downtime is relatively low. In addition, this risk is
being minimized further by preventive mainte-

63


--- Page 44 ---

64

nance activities. The business interruption risk is
additionally insured for the replacement price and
against loss of earnings for 18 months. ams’ insurer,

Financial Risks

Risk management is handled centrally by the
treasury department in accordance with guidelines
issued by the management board. These detailed
internal guidelines regulate responsibility and

Receivables and Credit Risk

ams operates a strict credit policy. The creditwor-
thiness of existing customers is constantly checked
and new customers undergo a credit evaluation.
Under ams’ treasury and risk management policy,
investments in liquid securities and transactions

Interest Rate Risk

Interest rate risk - the possible fluctuation in value
of financial instruments due to changes in market
interest rates — arises in relation to medium and
long-term receivables and payables (especially
borrowings). ams’ treasury policy ensures that
part of the interest rate risk is reduced by fixed-in-
terest borrowings. On the liability side, 51% of all
amounts owed to financial institutions are at fixed

Foreign Exchange Risk

Financial transactions in the semiconductor in-
dustry are predominantly carried out in US dollars.
To hedge the currency risk, all transaction and
conversion risks are constantly monitored. Within
the group, cash flow streams in the same currency
are offset (netting). Currency fluctuations during

FM Global, has awarded the company - as one of a
select number of semiconductor manufacturers —
the HPR (highly protected risk) status.

action parameters for the areas affected. The treas-
ury department evaluates and hedges financial
risks in close cooperation with the business units.

involving derivative financial instruments are only
carried out with financial institutions that have
high credit ratings. As of the balance sheet date
there were no significant concentrations of credit
risk.

rates. Of the remaining borrowings on a floating
rate basis (49%), 34% will be repaid over the next
two years. The remaining floating rate borrow-
ings undergo continual checks with regard to the
interest rate risk. On the asset side, the interest
rate risks are primarily attached to time deposits
and securities in current assets that are tied to the
market interest rate.

foreign currency transactions mainly concern the
US dollar. From the company’s point of view, due to
the current extreme volatility in the currency mar-
kets, it is not reasonable to engage in economically
feasible, efficient, and low risk currency hedges.


--- Page 45 ---

Product Liability and Quality Risk

The products manufactured by ams are integrated
into complex electronic systems. Faults or func-
tional defects in the products produced by ams
may have a direct or indirect effect on the property,
health or life of third parties. The company is not in
a position to reduce or exclude its liability towards
consumers or third parties in sales agreements.
Every product that leaves the company under-
goes several qualified checks regarding quality

Patent Infringement Risk

ams manufactures complex ICs using various
process technologies, line widths and production
facilities. Like industry competitors, the company
constantly has to develop these technologies
further. Should ams infringe any existing patents
while consistently monitoring processes, produc-

and function. In spite of quality control systems
certified to ISO/TS 16949, ISO/TS 13485, ISO 9001
und ISO 14001, product defects may occur and
possibly only show up after installation and use of
the finished products. Although this risk has been
appropriately insured, quality problems could neg-
atively impact ams’ assets, financial and earnings
position.

tion methods, and design blocks protected under
patent law as well as related comprehensive licens-
ing, this may negatively impact the assets, financial
and earnings position of the company as well as
the ams share price.

9. Events after the Balance Sheet Date

There were no significant events after balance sheet date identified.

65


--- Page 46 ---

66

10. Outlook

Uncertainties about the development of the world
economy, global industrial production and private
consumption prevail for the current year and ams
is therefore experiencing growing end market
volatility, customer performance that is becoming
more difficult to anticipate, and less clarity regard-
ing demand trends and semiconductor industry
dynamics.

At the same time, ams sees itself well positioned in
its markets based on the expected launch of new
technologies for attractive sensing applications,
continuing high volume shipments, and produc-
tion ramps of various design-wins. For the sensor
and analog segments of the worldwide semicon-
ductor industry, market researchers assume the
market volume to expand slightly in 2019 and
currently expect year-on-year growth in the low to
mid-single-digit percentage range (WSTS, January
2019)

However, should global semiconductor demand
and the macro-economic environment develop

unfavorably in 2019 and/or the USD show notable
weakness, ams would experience a meaningful
impact on the development of its business and
earnings.

Implementing its growth strategy, ams pursues a
continued leadership position in its strategic focus
areas, the expansion of business with key accounts,
and a higher penetration of its global end mar-
kets and customer base as important mid-term
priorities.

ams’ market-leading expertise in sensor solutions
and its strategy of focusing on key sensing markets
create a broad spectrum of growth opportunities
for the company which are distributed across the
consumer, automotive, industrial and medical
markets. Building on its technical capabilities,

ams expects to benefit from upcoming sensing
applications in smartphones and other mobile
devices and the expanding use of advanced sensor
technologies in automotive, industrial, and medical
applications.


--- Page 47 ---

11. Other Information

Regarding information concerning equity and investments please refer to the notes of the financial state-

ments.

Premstaetten, February 25, 2019

ams AG, Premstaetten

L2- Slot ll Mp

Alexander Everke Dr. Thomas Stockmeier
Chairman of the Member of the
Management Board Management Board
CEO coo

Michael Wachsler-Markowitsch
Member of the
Management Board
CFO

Mark Hamersma
Member of the
Management Board
CBO

67
