

--- Page 1 ---

18 RWE Annual Report 2018

1.1 STRATEGY AND STRUCTURE

Our establishment and IPO of innogy in 2016 were but the first steps on the way to a new RWE. Now we are taking
another major step by exchanging our financial investment in innogy for a leading operating position in renewable
energy. The basis for this is a transaction agreed with E.ON in March 2018, through which the two companies will
realign themselves. Once the asset swap has been completed, we will expedite the expansion of renewable energy -
with annual net capital expenditure of about €1.5 billion. We will take on a new role as an all-rounder in electricity
generation, ensuring security of supply with our flexible power stations, while playing an active part in the
transformation of the energy system which will increase climate protection.

Planned asset swap with E.ON: laying the foundation for
a new RWE. RWE is in the midst of a transformation through
which the company is giving itself a new operational and
organisational setup. The basis for this is an agreement
reached with E.ON in March 2018 pursuant to which the
two companies will conduct an extensive exchange of
business activities and shareholdings. It is envisaged that
E.ON will acquire our financial investment of 76.8 % in
innogy while we will receive nearly the entire renewables
business of E.ON and innogy. Furthermore, we will receive

a 16.67 % shareholding in E.ON, the non-controlling
interests of the E.ON subsidiary PreussenElektra in our
Gundremmingen (25 %) and Emsland (12.5 %) nuclear power
stations, innogy’s gas storage business, and innogy’s 37.9%
stake in the Austrian energy utility Kelag. We will also make
a one-off cash payment of €1.5 billion to E.ON as part of
the transaction. The business activities and equity interests
will be transferred with retrospective economic effect to

1 January 2018. We are confident of being able to complete
the asset swap by the end of 2019.

RWE will become Europe's No. 3 in renewable energy.
The transaction with E.ON will give us approximately

9 GW of zero-carbon electricity generation capacity from
renewable sources, mostly from onshore and offshore wind
farms. This will make us Europe’s No. 3 in renewables and
the world No. 2 in offshore wind. In addition to generation
assets, we will receive a large portfolio of growth projects in
various stages of development. Here again, the focus is on
wind energy, followed by photovoltaics. Renewable energy
will account for more than half of the RWE Group's adjusted
EBITDA as early as the first year after the completion of the
asset swap with E.ON, making this business our strongest
income generator.

Refinement of RWE’s strategy. Concurrently to the
implementation of the asset swap with E.ON, we have begun
to develop the key points of our future renewable energy
strategy. We presented the first results of our deliberations
to the Supervisory Board of RWE AG and our employees at
the end of 2018. We intend to rapidly expand the leading
position in renewable energy that we will obtain through
the transaction. To this end, we plan to invest about a net
€1.5 billion every year. These funds should be sufficient to
increase capacity by between 2 GW and 3 GW per annum.
Our technological focus rests on wind energy, photovoltaics
and storage solutions. Geographically, we will concentrate
on markets in Europe, the Americas and the Asia-Pacific
region. We will maintain the integrated business model
pursued by innogy and E.ON to date, meaning that our new
projects will cover the entire value chain from development
to construction and operation wherever possible. To ensure
efficient management, we will divide the renewable energy
business into the following business fields: (1) Onshore Wind
and Photovoltaics in Europe and Asia-Pacific, (2) Onshore Wind
and Photovoltaics in the Americas and (3) Global Offshore Wind.
These activities will be spearheaded by a six-member
management team, including three chief operating officers,
each in charge of one of the aforementioned business fields.

In parallel to our growth ambitions in renewable energy, we
want to maintain our leading position in conventional
electricity production. With our power plant fleet - one of
the largest in Europe - we are making an indispensable
contribution to ensuring a reliable supply of electricity that
satisfies demand in our core markets, i.e. Germany, the
United Kingdom and the Benelux region. Wind turbines and
PV installations cannot accomplish this due to their strongly
fluctuating load. Electricity storage techniques are not yet
able to meet the technical and economic requirements
necessary to be used for ensuring the supply of electricity
ona large scale. This is why conventional generation
capacity that is capable of adjusting to the fluctuations of
wind and solar feed-ins will be needed for a long time to come.


--- Page 2 ---

Combined review of operations > Strategy and structure

Energy trading will also remain one of RWE’s core areas of
activity, not least due to its strong connection to the generation
business. Our trading company RWE Supply & Trading is in
charge of marketing the electricity of our power stations while
procuring the fuel and emission allowances needed to produce
it. In this role, combined with the commercial optimisation of
our generation asset dispatch, it makes a major contribution
to the Group's operational success.

Our deliberations concerning the strategy of the new RWE
have not yet been finalised. For example, we still have to
determine the dividend policy we intend to pursue and the
leverage we will aim for. We will be able to reach decisions
on the details of our strategy once the asset swap with E.ON
has been completed and we have operational control of the
new activities. After that, we want to provide comprehensive
information on our new strategy.

RWE in fiscal 2018: Group structure featuring four
segments. In the transitional period leading up to the
completion of the transaction, the RWE Group is divided
into four segments (divisions), which are described in
detail below. In addition to the three RWE operating divisions
Lignite & Nuclear, European Power and Supply & Trading,
they consist of the innogy activities that will remain with us.

(1) Lignite & Nuclear. This is where we report our German
electricity generation from lignite and nuclear power as
well as our lignite mining in the Rhineland. These activities
are managed by our subsidiary RWE Power. This segment
also encompasses our equity holdings in the Dutch nuclear
power plant operator EPZ (30%) and the German company
URANIT (50%), which holds a 33 % stake in the uranium
enrichment specialist Urenco. Our 51 % interest in
Hungary-based Matra, which generates electricity from
lignite, was also included in this segment until it was sold
in March 2018.

Lignite and nuclear power plants are primarily used to
generate base-load power due to their relatively low and
stable fuel costs. Their profitability is primarily determined
by the price level on the wholesale market. Electricity prices
were on a downward trend until 2016, after which they
recovered. A massive cost cutting exercise enabled us to
curb the resulting earnings shortfalls. Our ongoing
efficiency-enhancement programme in conventional power
generation is designed to cut annual expenditure by a total
of €300 million compared to 2016. Of this sum, €200 million
and €100 million are allocable to the Lignite & Nuclear and
European Power segments, respectively. We aim to conclude
the programme by the end of 2019. We have already achieved
the planned savings for the most part.

Lignite and nuclear power stations will lose importance
within our generation portfolio even though their earnings
prospects have improved. This is mainly due to the energy
policy framework in Germany. Nuclear energy is subject to a
legally binding phase-out roadmap, which stipulates a latest
possible shutdown date for every single plant. Two RWE
stations are still online: Gundremmingen C and Emsland. We
can operate these units until the end of 2021 and the end of
2022, respectively, after which they must be closed.

Electricity generation from lignite is also subject to a time
limit. This results from the global and national climate
protection goals. Germany wants to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions in the energy sector by slightly more than 60 % by
2030 compared to the level in 1990. We have made a major
contribution to this in the past and will continue to do so in
the future. For example, we are participating in the lignite
security standby scheme, which involves eight power plant
units - including five of RWE’s - being gradually taken off
the market from 2016 to 2019 and being used as the last
resort to ensure security of supply for four years each,
before they are decommissioned. On 30 September 2017,
our Frimmersdorf Units P and Q were taken off the grid,
followed twelve months later by Units E and F at Niederaussem.
Neurath’s Unit C is scheduled to follow suit at the end of
September 2019. This will cause our carbon dioxide emissions
in the Rhenish lignite mining region to drop by about 15%
compared to 2015.

We expect to have to take further lignite units offline early in
the coming years. This is a consequence of the proposals
submitted by the Growth, Structural Change and Employment
Commission, on which we provide detailed information on
page 33. The body recommends a complete exit from coal
by 2038. It envisages the capacity of lignite-fired power
stations on the market being reduced to a total of 15 GW by
the end of 2022. This would represent a decline of nearly

5 GW compared to the end of 2017. The objective is to have
only 9 GW remaining on the market in 2030. The federal
government is expected to follow these recommendations.
The timing and choice of the stations that will be shut down
remains to be clarified. Talks will be held with the companies
to this end. We believe we should receive appropriate
compensation - as recommended by the Commission - for
our plants that are affected by the measures.


--- Page 3 ---

20 RWE Annual Rt

(2) European Power. Our electricity generation from gas,
hard coal and biomass is subsumed under this segment.
Here, the geographic focus is on Germany, the United Kingdom
and the Benelux region. The segment also contains our 70%
stake in the Denizli gas-fired power station in Turkey, some
hydroelectric power plants in Germany and Luxembourg and
RWE Technology International, which specialises in project
management and engineering services. All of these activities
are overseen by RWE Generation.

The economic and political environment is also challenging
for our gas and hard coal-fired power stations, which
usually cover medium and peak loads. The rapid expansion
of renewable energy has resulted in a significant decline in
the use of some of these assets compared to the beginning
of the decade. In some cases, their margins are far below
the levels prevailing at that time. We therefore shut down
several hard coal-fired power stations or saw to it that they
were closed. Examples are Voerde A and B on the Lower
Rhine, which were taken offline in April 2017. We held a
stake of 25% in these units and marketed their electricity
generation. We have temporarily taken some gas-fired power
plants off the grid that could no longer cover their fixed
operating costs, for example the Dutch Moerdijk 1 unit as
of 1 February 2018. They can come back online as soon as
market conditions allow. Besides temporary and permanent
power plant closures, we have taken additional measures to
cut costs and will continue to do so in the future. As set
out earlier, we aim to reduce expenses in the European Power
segment by €100 million via our ongoing efficiency-
enhancement programme, most of which we have
accomplished.

Despite the persistent pressure from consolidation, we
believe the European Power segment has long-term growth
prospects. We expect that secured generation capacity will
become tight, causing our stations to become more
profitable. In the long run, this should benefit gas-fired
power plants in particular. In light of the slight improvement
in market prospects, we have put some mothballed stations
back online or decided to return them to service, as was
the case with the Dutch Claus C gas-fired power plant, which
is scheduled to resume power production at full capacity in
2020, following about six years of inactivity.

In terms of installed capacity, gas is already our most
important fuel, and its share in our generation portfolio will
probably grow even more. Political decisions play a major
role. The governments in our most important generation
markets, i.e. Germany, the United Kingdom and the
Netherlands, are pursuing ambitious climate protection goals
and are relying on a rapid phase-out of electricity production
from coal to achieve them. Therefore, gas will become an
increasingly important energy source in the coming years
in order to secure electricity supply. Gas-fired power
stations emit less carbon dioxide than coal-fired power
plants and are therefore accepted more by the public as a
partner to renewable energy.

The proportion of our electricity generation accounted for by
hard coal should continue to decline in 2019, in part because
we will decommission the coal unit of Gersteinwerk in Werne
(Westphalia) in the spring. In addition, we are currently
converting our two Dutch hard coal-fired power stations
Amer 9 and Eemshaven for biomass co-firing. We have been
granted up to €2.6 billion in state subsidies due to the
required expenditure and the much higher price of biomass
compared to hard coal. We will receive these funds over a
period of eight years, enabling biomass shares of 80% at
Amer 9 and 15% at Eemshaven. The conversion work is
making good progress and we are confident that we will be
able to establish the technical prerequisites for achieving
these quotas before the end of this year.

(3) Supply & Trading. This segment encompasses the
multi-faceted activities of RWE Supply & Trading, which acts
as the commercial centre for the RWE Group. Its core
business, energy trading, forms the economic link between
the elements of our value chain, the regional markets and
the various energy commodities. Our subsidiary mainly
trades electricity, natural gas, coal, oil, CO, certificates and
biomass. RWE Supply & Trading increasingly conducts these
activities outside of Europe: it already runs trading floors in
New York, Singapore and Shanghai. Another of the
company’s activities consists of marketing the electricity
from RWE power stations and procuring the fuel and
emission allowances required to produce it. One objective
is to limit price risks. On top of that, RWE Supply & Trading
is in charge of the commercial optimisation of our power
plant dispatch. The resulting earnings are reported in the
generation segments. The company also markets its
expertise to major European customers outside of the
RWE Group, offering services ranging from traditional energy
supply contracts and comprehensive energy management
solutions to sophisticated risk management concepts.


--- Page 4 ---

Combined review of operations > Strategy and structure

Another focal point of RWE Supply & Trading’s activities is the
gas business. The company supplies gas to companies outside
of the RWE Group. To this end, it enters into long-term supply
agreements with producers, organises gas transportation by
booking pipelines and optimises the timing of deliveries using
leased gas storage facilities. The company also concludes
transactions involving liquefied natural gas (LNG). The
objective is to take advantage of differences in price between
regional gas markets which are not connected via pipelines.
RWE Supply & Trading intends to establish itself as one of
Europe's leading gas intermediaries. To this end, the company
also looks at markets outside of RWE’s core regions, because
the greater the size and diversification of the procurement
and supply portfolios, the greater the chances are to
commercially optimise them.

RWE Supply & Trading also leverages its expertise to make
short to medium-term investments in energy assets or
energy companies, for which value-enhancing measures can
be taken in order to realise high returns upon resale
(referred to as principal investments). At the end of 2018,
RWE Supply & Trading had a portfolio of ten investments,
a large portion of which was in the USA.

(4) innogy - continuing operations. This is the segment
in which we report all of the innogy assets that should
remain within the RWE Group over the long term: renewables,
gas storage and the 37.9% stake in the Austria-based power
utility Kelag. Once E.ON has acquired our majority interest in
innogy, it will return the aforementioned activities to us.

innogy ranks among Europe's leading renewable energy
companies. In terms of generation capacity, our subsidiary’s
strongest presence is currently in Germany and the United
Kingdom, followed by Spain, the Netherlands and Poland. In
terms of energy sources, its focus is on onshore and offshore
wind, followed by hydroelectric power and photovoltaics.
innogy further expanded its generation capacity last year.
One milestone was the inauguration of the Galloper large-scale
UK North Sea wind farm, in which innogy holds a 25 % stake.
Furthermore, the company has initiated the continued
expansion of its wind power capacity by beginning the
onshore work on Triton Knoll, another large-scale wind farm
in the UK North Sea. Our subsidiary holds a 59% stake in it.
In addition, innogy acquired a project portfolio with over

2 GW in the USA and secured subsidies under the German
Renewable Energy Act for the Kaskasi offshore wind project
in Germany. We report on the projects mentioned here in
detail on page 37 et seq.

21

With Belectric Solar & Battery, a subsidiary acquired in
early 2017, innogy is also one of the largest international
suppliers of ground-mounted solar panel arrays and battery
storage facilities with a presence in Europe, the Middle East,
North Africa, India, Australia, South America and the USA.
Photovoltaics is one of the fastest growing technologies
in the energy sector and has become profitable without
subsidies in many markets since its introduction. In addition
to the development and construction of ground-mounted
solar farms, Belectric also handles operation and maintenance.
Since its inception in 2001, the company has already set up
solar panel arrays with a total capacity of about 2 GW. It is
currently building such a facility in Australia, which on
completion will probably be the country’s largest to date
(see page 38). Moreover, by manufacturing battery storage
units, Belectric is making a major contribution to distributed
power supply and will play a pivotal role in stabilising
electricity grids in the future.

Besides the renewable energy and electricity storage
business, we will continue innogy’s gas storage acti
Our subsidiary currently owns eleven gas storage facilities,
of which five, with a combined capacity of 1.6 billion cubic
metres, are located in Germany, and six, with a total
capacity of 2.5 billion cubic metres, are situated in the Czech
Republic. innogy leases the capacities to companies such as
RWE Supply & Trading, which use them for timing arbitrage
transactions. Storage units are filled in the warm months,
when little gas is needed to heat buildings, and gradually
emptied in the cold season, when demand is high. The
income achieved through such arbitrage transactions and,
in turn, storage capacity auctions depends on the seasonal
differences in gas prices. The differences in price between
summer and winter gas are much smaller today than they
have been in the past. However, we believe that periods of
scarcity and price spikes will become more frequent again in
the future, in part due to rising demand for gas used to
generate electricity. Therefore, we feel there is a good chance
of achieving attractive returns in the gas storage business
once again.

ies.

It is also envisaged that innogy’s minority interest in Kelag
will remain in the RWE Group. Headquartered in Klagenfurt
(Carinthia), Kelag is a leading Austrian energy utility. Its
activities cover all stages of the value chain, from electricity
generation, energy trading and distribution system operation
to the sale of electricity, gas and innovative energy solutions.
Kelag primarily produces its electricity from renewable
sources such as hydro, wind and photovoltaics. The minority
interest in the company is therefore a good complement to
our future renewable energy activities.


--- Page 5 ---

22 RWE Annual Rt

RWE AG's management system. Ensuring sustainable
growth in shareholder value is at the heart of our business
policy. To manage the Group companies, RWE AG deploys a
groupwide planning and controlling system, which ensures
that resources are used efficiently, and provides timely,
detailed insight into the current and prospective development
of the company’s assets, financial position and net worth.
Based on the targets set by RWE’s Executive Board and our
expectations regarding the development of the business,
once a year we formulate our medium-term plan, in which we
forecast the development of key financial indicators. This
plan contains the budget figures for the following fiscal year
and planned figures for the years thereafter. The Executive
Board submits the plan to the Supervisory Board, which
reviews and approves it. The Supervisory Board occasionally
requests adjustments to be made prior to giving its approval.
During the fiscal year, we produce internal forecasts linked
to the budget. The Executive Boards of RWE AG and the
main operating units meet regularly to analyse the interim
and annual financial statements and update the forecasts.
In the event that the updated forecast figures deviate
significantly from the budget figures, the underlying
reasons are analysed and countermeasures are taken if
necessary. We also immediately notify the capital market
if published forecasts need to be modified.

The main key performance indicators we use in managing
our business are adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBIT, adjusted
net income, and net debt. As set out in more detail on
page 40, the business activities of our subsidiary innogy are
considered in these figures either in full or in part, although
we classify this company as a pure financial investment.
For management purposes, we therefore also use key figures
calculated in deviation from IFRS consolidation principles:
our majority interest in innogy is recognised in the ‘other
financial assets’ line item on the balance sheet and we only
consider the dividend received on the income statement.

More detailed information on this can be found on page 58.

Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortisation. In order to improve its
explanatory power in relation to the development of
ordinary activities, we remove non-operating or aperiodic
effects: capital gains or losses, temporary effects from the

fair valuation of derivatives, impairments and other material
special items are shown in the non-operating result.
Subtracting operating depreciation and amortisation from
adjusted EBITDA yields adjusted EBIT. Net income corrected
to exclude all major special items (‘adjusted net income’), is
another key operating indicator. However, we will determine
this figure solely using the method deviating from IFRS
consolidation principles until the transaction with E.ON has
been completed. Adjusted EBIT and adjusted net income
are key performance indicators regarding the variable
compensation of the Executive Board and executives (see
page 63 et seqq.).

We primarily use the internal rate of return for evaluating
the attractiveness of investment projects. The Group's
financial position is analysed using cash flows from
operating activities, amongst others. We also attach special
importance to the development of free cash flow. It is the
result of deducting capital expenditure from cash flows
from operating activities and adding to them proceeds
from divestments and asset disposals. Net debt is another
indicator of RWE’s financial strength. It consists of net
financial debt together with provisions for pensions and
similar obligations, for nuclear waste management, for
mining damage (e.g. the recultivation of opencast mining
sites) and for the dismantling of wind farms. One half of the
liabilities from hybrid bonds is recognised in net debt.


--- Page 6 ---

Combined

ations > Strategy and structure

Sustainability - a standard we hold ourselves to. We
can only succeed over the long term if we ensure society's
acceptance by embracing our corporate responsibility (CR).
In order to focus on the various aspects of this responsibility,
we maintain a dialogue with all our stakeholder groups,
such as shareholders, employees, customers, politicians,
associations and non-governmental organisations. We are
making use of the findings from this exchange to revise our
CR strategy. This involves identifying our major sustainability
challenges and determining how we can overcome them.
We still believe that contributing to achieving national and
international climate protection goals through continuous
emission reductions is a key task. Our carbon dioxide
emissions have dropped steadily in the last six years, in part
because we took coal-fired power plants offline. We believe
that this trend will continue. Furthermore, we aim to be a
driving force in the creation of a sustainable energy system
by spurring the expansion of renewable energy.

Further information on our measures in relation to CR can be
found in our separate non-financial statement in accordance
with Section 315b, Paragraph 3 of the German Commercial
Code, which will be published as part of our CR Report in
April 2019 and does not form part of the combined review
of operations. The CR Report is entitled ‘Our responsibility’
and can be accessed on the internet at www.rwe.com/cr-report.

23


--- Page 7 ---

24 RWE Annual Report 2018

1.2 INNOVATION

Those who are innovative need not be afraid of change. This also holds true for companies in a changing market
environment - companies like RWE. We have a whole host of development projects looking for new technical
solutions. Our goal is to make opencast mines more profitable, power plants less emissions-intensive as well as

develop and refine future-oriented uses of lignite and carbon dioxide. In addition, we support start-ups and receive
important stimulus for our business by working with them. In our daily operations, we benefit from the ingenuity
and entrepreneurial spirit of our employees. Once again, they had thousands of good ideas in 2018, which will

allow us to achieve millions of euros in savings.

With about 520 inventions, we are in the leading pack
of European utilities. RWE is innovative in many ways.
Our motivation is to remain competitive in an environment
undergoing substantial change as well as to be a driving
force behind this transformation. With a tally of around
1,760 patents and patent applications, based on roughly
520 inventions, the RWE Group is in the vanguard of Europe's
most innovative utilities. These figures also consider all of
the activities of our subsidiary innogy SE. Last year, we
worked on about 360 research and development (R&D)
projects. In many of these projects, we co-operate with
companies or research institutes and usually only have to
bear a portion of the costs. The RWE Group’s operating
R&D spending including innogy amounted to €116 million
in 2018 (previous year: €182 million). A total of about 600 of
the Group's employees were solely or partially dedicated to
R&D activities.

RWE AG: solutions for more economic opencast mining,
lower emissions and new ways of using carbon dioxide.
RWE AG is responsible for the R&D activities of the areas of
the Group under its management. Its measures are therefore
primarily dedicated to conventional electricity generation.
They aim to make the operation of our opencast mines and
power stations more profitable and reduce emissions.
Another major area of research is converting lignite and
carbon dioxide for use as starting materials for the chemical
industry. Furthermore, we work with start-ups, the ideas of
which have the potential to help us make further progress.
Since 2016, R&D activities in the fields of renewable energy,
grids and retail have been the responsibility of innogy SE.

In this chapter, we present a small selection of RWE AG's
important R&D projects, followed by an overview of our
co-operation with new companies as well as a brief insight
into the innovative work done by innogy. We end with an
example of how valuable our employees’ ideas are to us.

The transformation of mining: increasingly automated and
digital. Opencast lignite mining is a complex, multi-stage
process, involving the use of numerous heavy-duty
machines: huge bucketwheel excavators dig out the coal and
the topsoil (known as the overburden) from the terraced
opencast mines and deposit it on conveyor belts, on which it
is often transported for several kilometres. The coal is then
temporarily stored in a bunker before being transported by
rail or conveyor belts to the surrounding power stations
and refining plants. At the same time, the overburden is
transported to the other side of the opencast mine where
mining has already been completed. Here, stackers use it to
fill the depression resulting from coal extraction. Automation
and digitisation enable the processes described above to
be rendered much simpler and more efficient. We began
automating heavy machinery components as early as the
1990s, and we have made substantial headway in this area
since then. We are also making good progress in terms of
digitisation. For instance, we are currently working on a
digital, three-dimensional representation of opencast mine
operations. As is the case for automobile navigation devices,
a satellite is used to determine the current position of our
heavy machinery, while sensors monitor the material flow on
the conveyor belts. This transparency offers multiple benefits:
control centre personnel receive precise information as to
the location of the on-site machinery and the progress of the
work performed using it, thereby creating a reliable basis for
resource planning. Excavator operators can monitor the
exact job data via a display, enabling them to control their
machine as efficiently as possible. Furthermore, workers
around the stacker operators are able to preplan their daily
activities, based on the information on the overburden that
is already on its way over via the conveyor belt. Above and
beyond this, the 3D visualisation of the working environment
makes it easier for them to adhere to the specified heights
for backfilling and modelling the surfaces for recultivation.
By taking the measures described above, we are lifting our
opencast mines to a new technological level, establishing
major prerequisites for being able to operate them profitably
in the future as well.


--- Page 8 ---

Combined review of operations > Innovation

New opportunities for CO, use: carbon dioxide is turned
into methanol. For some time now, we have been working
on various processes to enable us to separate carbon dioxide
from power plant flue gases (CO, washing). At the Coal
Innovation Centre in Niederaussem, we have developed one
of the world’s leading technologies in this field together
with BASF and Linde. This technology has been tested in a
pilot plant and has proven its efficiency over more than
70,000 operating hours since 2009 with carbon capture
rates of 90%. Now we are taking the next step: we use the
carbon dioxide from the pilot plant to produce fuel and
feedstock for the chemical industry, which can be used to
replace fossil fuels such as crude oil and natural gas. We
are doing this within the scope of four projects that are
subsidised by the EU. One of them is MefCO, (Methanol
from CO,). Its purpose is to show how carbon dioxide, water
and electricity can be used to make methanol, which is
traditionally produced with natural gas or coal, on a large
technical scale. A wide variety of chemical products are
based on methanol, one of the most commonly produced
chemicals in the world, which is also suitable as a long-term
storage medium for renewable energy. Therefore, the
benefits of conversion extend far beyond simply reducing
industrial CO, emissions. Nine partners from seven European
countries are involved in MefCO,, amongst them industrial
companies, universities and research institutes. The project
was launched in 2014, and we joined it in 2017 during the
project partners’ search for a site for a demonstration plant
that could be used to convert carbon dioxide into methanol.
Today, the plant is located at Niederaussem. It went into
operation in early 2019 and has a production capacity of
about 1 metric ton of methanol per day, making it one of the
largest CO, utilisation plants in Europe.

The path to carbon-neutral economic cycles: an
opportunity for the coal mining regions. Many experts
believe that human intervention in the climate can only be
limited effectively if the global social and economic system
successfully makes the shift to largely closed carbon cycles.
Ideally, only as much carbon enters the atmosphere as is
bound by other processes at the same time. However, this is
not without its own challenges. The crux of the matter is that
we will ultimately continue to rely on electricity in the future
and we will also want to live in warm homes. In addition,
industry remains reliant on carbon-based raw materials. The
transition to the circular carbon economy is a herculean task,
which cannot be accomplished without investment. RWE
has been co-operating with the Fraunhofer Institute for
Environmental, Safety and Energy Technology (Fraunhofer
UMSICHT) in Oberhausen and Bochum Ruhr University since
September 2018 to develop the technical and systemic
framework necessary for a circular carbon economy. Our

25

goal is to establish a centre of competence for carbon
conversion which brings together the know-how, equipment
and components as well as research work. We are focusing
on regions in which the phase-out of carbon-intensive
technologies will result in the demise of established
industrial structures. The centre, which will be called ITZ CC
(Innovation and Technology Centre for Carbon Conversion),
will initiate structural change in the Rhenish lignite mining
region and the Ruhr area by way of technologies and
know-how relating to the use of carbon. The objective is to
build a bridge from conventional to innovative carbon usage
and make a contribution to new industries replacing old ones.

A key method in transitioning to the circular carbon
economy is the gasification of carbonaceous material. We
intend to dedicate ourselves intensively to this process at
the Niederaussem Innovation Centre. We are doing this as
part of an initiative of the Fraunhofer Institute named
Carbon Chains (IK2). The project is based on the fact that
coal and other carbonaceous materials can be used to
produce raw materials for the chemical industry and for fuels
through gasification. What is special about this method is
that, during the combustion process, rather than carbon
dioxide and water vapour, carbon monoxide and hydrogen
are produced. The latter are building blocks of a synthesis
gas that is already being used in the production of fuels,
plastics and fine chemicals. From 2020 onwards, pilot plants
are due to be built in Niederaussem to develop suitable
gasification, processing and synthesis technologies. We use
lignite, which is increasingly losing importance as a fuel for
generating electricity, as a base raw material. Its use in the
production of basic materials will open up exciting long-term
prospects to the Rhenish coal mining region. In addition,
waste products, residual materials and biomass can also be
converted through gasification. In this way, previously unused
carbon sources could be integrated in order to supply
industry with raw materials.

Lower mercury emissions thanks to rotary hearth
furnace coke. We want to operate our power plants in as an
environmentally-friendly manner as possible and legislation
gives us strict guidelines in this regard, e.g. in relation to
mercury emissions. In 2021, they will be subjected to new
EU limits making the framework conditions for the operation
of our lignite-fired power plants stricter than ever. We are
already able to successfully separate and extract most of the
mercury contained within flue gases so, as a result, our plants
are already well below the current upper limits. Independently
of this, we have been investing in intensive research for
some years now, in order to identify ways which allow us to
further reduce mercury emissions cost effectively. We have
been giving much consideration to a process which makes


--- Page 9 ---

26 RWE Annual Rt

use of furnace coke from lignite. We are already using this
substance to extract mercury at our refining plants and then
use it to manufacture lignite briquettes or lignite dust for
the cement and lime industries. Tests in a pilot plant at the
Coal Innovation Centre at the Niederaussem power station
show that lignite-based furnace coke can also help reduce
emissions from power plants. We mixed finely ground
furnace coke with water and sprayed the resulting mixture
into one of the power station’s smoke stacks (wet spraying).
This results in the mercury attaching itself to the fine
furnace coke particles; both materials are extracted by
the electrostatic precipitator and disposed of. The tests
indicate a significant reduction in mercury emissions. The
findings gained have since influenced the construction of a
large-scale demonstration plant, also located in Niederaussem,
which took up operation at the beginning of 2019. This is
where wet spraying will be compared to the alternative
method of dry spraying in a long-term test. We intend to
implement the more suitable of the two technologies in
other lignite-fired power stations.

Detailed information on these projects and other RWE R&D
ventures can be found at www.rwe.com/innovation.

Promoting new companies and their ideas. In addition
to working on our own research projects, we also support
fledgling, innovative companies. RWE has been involved
in the third High-Tech Griinderfonds (HTGF III) since 2017.
HTGF is Germany's largest start-up financer. It acquires
stakes in firms that make commercial use of technological
progress and has invested in over 500 companies since
2005, being part of numerous success stories. HTGF is a
public-private partnership: its group of investors includes the
Federal Ministry of Economics and Energy, the KfW Group,
Fraunhofer Gesellschaft and numerous companies. RWE
has been investing in venture capital funds since 2006.
This allows us to more easily identify start-ups with ideas
that could be interesting for our business. To deepen our
ties to the founder scene and pave the way for potential
co-operations, we held our first Start-up Day in 2018. A
large number of the attendees were attracted through our
involvement in HTGF. The valuable talks and contacts
resulting from the event have encouraged us to hold at least
one further Start-up Day in 2019.

Innovation at innogy: contributing to the success of the
energy transition. Our subsidiary innogy is pursuing a
broad range of innovation projects designed to contribute to
making the energy transition a success. They are described
in more detail at www.innogy.com/innovation. An example of
a project that turned out especially well is the development of
the Smart Wind Farm Output Controller (SWOC), a remote
control for onshore wind farms. SWOC is a cube, no larger
than a hat box, with integrated software. It enables any wind
turbine variant to be controlled from several locations.
Thanks to SWOC, the operators of the grids which receive
the electricity can ramp down production, thereby
protecting powerlines from overload. Direct marketers of
wind energy can also ramp down output, for example if
there is an oversupply of power on the market resulting in
negative electricity prices. The control box makes wind
turbine operation more flexible and efficient. innogy has
already started using these devices for its German and Dutch
wind farms and intends to upgrade solar farms with the
intelligent switch cubes.

We leverage the experience and know-how of our
employees. Another source of useful ideas can be found
within our daily operations. Many of our employees pass on
their observations from their day-to-day activities, thereby
enabling the company to progress. Last year, employees of
the Group submitted approximately 2,000 suggestions for
ways in which to improve the business to their idea managers.
We estimate the economic benefit of their suggestions for
the first year of implementation to be €2.6 million. The
suggestions can make operating procedures both more
efficient and environmentally friendly, while being less
dangerous than before. For example, workers in the Rhenish
lignite mining region observed that the process of refuelling
vehicles and machines was much too cumbersome: the tank
lorry drivers would climb atop the tank, hose in hand, in order
to refuel the vehicles and machines through their top-mounted
filler necks using a conventional pump nozzle. Besides being
hazardous, this resulted in small residual amounts of fuel
escaping and seeping into the ground. The employees
therefore suggested retrofitting the vehicles and machines
for pressure fuelling. There are several advantages to this
solution: the filler necks can be mounted where they are more
convenient to reach, the fixed connection between the hose
and the tank prevents fuel from overflowing, and fuelling
times are reduced considerably. These benefits were so
compelling that the ball soon got rolling. At the beginning
of 2019, where technically possible and sensible, all track
vehicles in the Rhenish opencast mine and even some
emergency back-up generators for heavy-duty equipment
were converted to pressure refuelling.


--- Page 10 ---

Combined review of operations > Economic environment 27

1.3 ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

The global economic upswing continued in 2018, but lost some steam over the course of the year. The economic
trend stimulated demand for commodities and contributed to the increase in the price of gas and coal compared
to the previous year. Furthermore, a reform of the European Emissions Trading System caused a rapid increase in CO,
certificate prices. These developments were responsible for the recovery of wholesale electricity prices in 2018, which
began at the beginning of 2016. However, this has not had a significant affect on RWE’s earnings so far, because
we had sold forward most of our electricity generation for 2018 in earlier years when prices were still far below the

current level.

Eurozone posts 2% economic growth. The global economy
continued its upward trend in 2018, but lost some momentum
during the year. One reason was the trade conflict between
the USA and other nations, in particular China. Based on initial
estimates, global economic output was a respectable 3 %
higher in 2018 than in the previous year. The Eurozone may
well have recorded approximately 2% growth. Germany, the
currency area's largest economy, appears to have recorded
a gain of just 1.5%, whereas the Netherlands occupied one of
the top spots among the euro countries, posting an expansion
of about 2.5%. In the United Kingdom, our most important
market outside the currency union, gross domestic product
rose by nearly 1.5%. Brexit and the associated risks slowed
the UK economy.

German electricity consumption flat. Economic growth
stimulated demand for electricity, whereas the trend
towards energy savings had an opposing effect. According
to proforma calculations by the German Association of
Energy and Water Industries (BDEW), German electricity
usage was roughly on a par year on year. Data available for
the UK indicates that the country did not experience a
significant change compared to 2017, either. Conversely,
power consumption is estimated to have risen by 2% in the
Netherlands, with the country’s above-average growth
probably playing a role.

One-year forward prices of gas on the TTF wholesale market
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2017 forward
26

2018 forward

2019 forward

24

22

20

" A we
16

2016

2017

2018

Source: Bloomberg.



--- Page 11 ---

28 RWE Annual Report 2018

One-year forward prices of coal deliveries to Amsterdam/Rotterdam/ Antwerp

Us$/metric ton (average weekly figures)

2017 forward
100

2018 forward

2019 forward

90

80

70

60

50

40

30

2016

2017 2018

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

Hard coal and gas quotations up year on year. In addition
to demand for electricity, the development of fuel costs also
determines power plant deployment. In the financial year that
just came to a close, the freely tradeable energy sources of
most importance to us, i.e. gas and hard coal, were much
more expensive than a year before: gas spot prices at the
Dutch Title Transfer Facility (TTF) averaged €23 per MWh,
up €6 compared to 2017. In TTF forward trading, contracts
for delivery in the following calendar year (2019 forward)
were settled for €21 per MWh. By comparison, in 2017 the
price paid for the 2018 forward was €17. Gas prices were
influenced in part by oil quotations, which were higher than
in 2017 overall. Furthermore, the positive economic cycle
came to bear.

Hard coal trading developed as follows: including freight
and insurance, hard coal imports via the ARA ports
(Amsterdam/Rotterdam/Antwerp) were settled at an
average of US$92 (€78) per metric ton in spot trading

in 2018, an increase of US$8 compared to 2017. The
2019 forward (API 2 Index) traded at US$87 (€74) per
metric ton, US$13 higher than the comparable figure for
the previous year. This was in part due to the dynamic
economy in the Asia-Pacific region and its stimulating
effect on demand for coal.

Forward prices of CO, emission allowances (EU Allowances)
€/metric ton of CO, (average weekly figures)

December 2017 forward
30

December 2018 forward

December 2019 forward

25

20

2016

2017

2018

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.



--- Page 12 ---

Combined review of operations > Economic environment

Reform of European Emissions Trading System causes
rapid increase in CO, certificate prices. An important cost
factor of fossil fuel-fired power stations is the procurement
of CO, emission allowances. The price of an EU Allowance
(EUA), which confers the right to emit one metric ton of
carbon dioxide, tripled to €25 over the course of the year. The
average for 2018 was €16, which was €10 more than in 2017.
These figures relate to contracts for delivery in December of
the following year. There continue to be many more emission

29

allowances on the market than companies need to cover
their carbon dioxide emissions. However, in the meantime
the EU has adopted a package of measures enabling it to
significantly reduce the surplus of certificates from 2019
onwards (see page 32). This has apparently given many
market participants a reason to expect a reduction in available
emission allowances, which has made them more expensive
and resulted in early purchases. Consequently, EUAs have risen
in price even before the package of reforms was implemented.

One-year forward prices of base-load electricity on the wholesale market
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2017 forward 2018 forward 2019 forward

80

70

60

50 So

° ———

30 ee

20

2016 2017 2018

ll Germany ll Netherlands ll United Kingdom Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

prices continue upward trend.

The rise in fuel and emission allowance prices was reflected
in the development of wholesale electricity prices, which
continued to trend upwards. Last year, base-load power
traded for an average of €44 per MWh on the German spot
market, up €10 on the figure recorded in 2017. Significant
price increases were also observed on RWE’s two other
major generation markets: quotations on the UK spot market
advanced by £12 to £57 (€65) per MWh and by €14 to €53
per MWh in the Netherlands.

Forward markets displayed the following development: last
year, the average quotation of the 2019 base-load forward
in Germany was €44 per MWh, €12 more than what was paid
for the 2018 forward in 2017. The price of base-load power
in year-ahead forward contracts rose by £10 to £54 (€61)
per MWh in the United Kingdom and by €13 to €49 per MWh
in the Netherlands.


--- Page 13 ---

30 RWE Annual Report 2018

Clean dark spreads’ forward trading
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2017 forward 2018 forward 2019 forward
15
10
5
0
2016 2017 2018
ll Germany ll Netherlands ll United Kingdom Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

1 Price of base-load electricity minus the cost of hard coal and CO, emission allowances based on a power plant efficiency of 40%; including CO, tax in the UK.

Clean spark spreads’ forward trading
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

1s 2017 forward 2018 forward 2019 forward
10
5 ewes
0 a ne
~ aor oo
-10
2016 2017 2018
Germany @ Netherlands @ United Kingdom Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

1 Price of base-load electricity minus the cost of gas and CO, emission allowances based on a power plant efficiency of 50%; including CO, tax in the UK.

Rise in German generation margins. Power plant margins The two above graphs illustrate the development of the

are the difference between the price of electricity and the aforementioned spreads in our main generation markets
costs (including taxes) of the fuel and CO; emission allowances _ since 2016, based on the respective year-forward transactions.
required to produce it. We generally source the fuel for our In Germany and the Netherlands, clean dark spreads and
hard coal and gas-fired power plants from liquid markets at clean spark spreads grew somewhat after a moderate first
prevailing conditions. Therefore, the generation costs of six months. For the full year, they therefore slightly exceeded
these stations can change significantly. The margins are the 2017 level. By contrast, in the UK, clean spark spreads
referred to as clean dark spreads for hard coal-fired power and clean dark spreads were slightly and significantly lower

plants and clean spark spreads for gas-fired power plants. than their respective averages in the previous year.


--- Page 14 ---

C) ations > Economic environment

Combined

Fuel costs for lignite-fired and nuclear power stations are
generally more stable as we source uranium via long-term
contracts at firm conditions and produce lignite from our
own opencast mines. The rise in wholesale power prices
caused realisable nuclear energy margins to increase
substantially. By contrast, the margins of lignite-fired
power stations only improved slightly as the price of both
electricity and CO, emission allowances rose.

Decline in income from RWE power stations. We sell
forward most of the output of our power stations and
secure the prices of the required fuel and emission
allowances in order to reduce short-term volume and price
risks. Therefore, the income we earned from our power
plants in the year under review was determined by the
conditions at which we concluded forward contracts for
2018 years in advance. We conducted such sales relatively
early on for our lignite and nuclear power plants, which
mostly cover the need for base-load electricity, realising
lower prices than in the contracts for 2017. Given that
generation costs were virtually stable, the margins of these
stations dropped accordingly. We typically conduct forward
sales of electricity produced by hard coal and gas-fired
power plants with a smaller lead time. As a result, we
benefited more from the recovery of prices in wholesale
electricity trading. However, we had to pay much more for
fuel. Therefore, overall the margins realised in forward
contracts also deteriorated for these stations.

31

Wind speeds below average in Central Europe and
the United Kingdom. The utilisation and profitability of
renewable generation assets greatly depend on weather
conditions. Wind speeds are particularly important to
innogy. At the company’s generation sites in Central
Europe and the United Kingdom they were much lower
than the average of the last 30 years. By contrast, they
matched the long-term average in Italy and Spain. Wind
speeds recorded at all innogy sites were lower than in 2017.
The utilisation of run-of-river power stations strongly
depends on precipitation and melt water volumes. In
Germany, our main hydroelectric power region, these
volumes were below the long-term average and the level
observed in 2017.


--- Page 15 ---

32 RWE Annual Report 2018

1.4 POLITICAL ENVIRONMENT

Climate protection remains at the top of the energy policy agenda. The European Union has fundamentally reformed
the European Emissions Trading System and set itself an ambitious goal regarding the expansion of renewable energy
through to 2030. In addition, Germany and the Netherlands are setting the course for an early coal phase-out.
The government in The Hague presented a first bill in this respect in May 2018. Berlin is set to follow suit soon,
orientating itself towards the proposals of a state commission, which at the beginning of 2019 recommended a German
exit from coal by 2038. It further envisages the number of coal-fired power plants on the market being reduced
significantly by 2022. It is foreseeable that the proposals will have serious ramifications for RWE’s lignite business.

Reform of European Emissions Trading System decided.
In February and March 2018, the European Parliament and
the Council of Ministers decided to fundamentally reform
the European Emissions Trading System (ETS). This was
preceded by trilateral talks held by representatives of the
two bodies and the European Commission. The objective of
the reform, which entered into force in April 2018, is to
strengthen the ETS and bring it in line with the European
greenhouse gas reduction goal for 2030. By then, branches
of industry participating in the ETS must reduce their
emissions by a total of 43 % compared to 2005. Therefore,
the number of CO, certificates issued will be lowered by
2.2% annually during the fourth trading period, which runs
from 2021 to 2030. Until then, the reduction rate will be
1.74%. Another objective of the amendment to the ETS is
to reduce the existing glut of allowances on the market.
This will be done by transferring a much larger volume of
allowances into the ‘market stability reserve’ (MSR)
compared to what was prescribed by former legislation. The
MSR, which has been used since the beginning of the year, is
a tool capable of providing more flexibility in bringing the
supply of certificates in line with demand. The new regulation
envisages reducing the number of certificates placed on the
market via auctions accounting for 24% of the surplus annually
from 2019 to 2023 and transferring them to the MSR. It also
envisages cancelling MSR emission allowances exceeding
the auctioned volume in the preceding year from 2023
onwards. In addition, it will allow member states to cancel
certificates in exchange for emission reductions resulting
from national measures leading to power plant closures.

EU Winter Package: new energy efficiency and
renewables expansion goals. At the end of 2018, the
European Parliament and the Council of Ministers adopted
new versions of the directives concerning renewable energy
and energy efficiency as well as a regulation for monitoring
progress in climate and energy policy. The legal acts entered
into force on 24 December after they were published in the
Official Journal of the European Union. They are part of a
legislative package entitled ‘Clean Energy for all Europeans’

(also referred to as the ‘Winter Package’), which has largely
been adopted. In the package, the EU has set itself an
ambitious goal in relation to the expansion of renewable
energy, which is envisaged to cover at least 32 % of energy
demand by 2030. The EU currently aims to achieve a share
of 20% by 2020. The target in respect of energy efficiency
is also ambitious: the EU intends to reduce its primary
energy consumption by 32.5% by 2030, relative to the
development under normal circumstances. Furthermore, the
member states are obliged to present national energy and
climate plans for the period running until 2030 and to
develop long-term climate-protection strategies by the end
of 2019. Germany has already fulfilled these requirements.

EU limits participation of coal-fired power plants in
capacity mechanisms. The EU also achieved a breakthrough
by amending the Electricity Market Directive and the
Electricity Market Regulation, which are also part of the
Winter Package. The European Parliament and the Council
of Ministers agreed on a joint position in December. Both
of these bodies intend to introduce provisions to the EMR
which national governments must comply with if they are
introducing capacity mechanisms or have already done so.
Participation of power plants emitting more than 550 g
CO,/kWh in such mechanisms will be very limited in the future.
The prerequisite for this is that they do not emit more than
350 kg CO, per kilowatt of installed capacity per year. A
modern lignite-fired power plant achieves this threshold
after a maximum of 375 hours under full load, whereas a
modern hard coal-fired power station hits this mark after no
more than 470 hours. In concrete terms, this means that
coal-fired power plants cannot participate in a general
capacity market under full load, but can be part of back-up
schemes envisaging a small number of operating hours. An
example of such rules is the existing lignite security stand-by
regime, which is conceivable under the new EU regulations
in the future. The ceiling of 550 grams will apply to new
power plants as of 1 January 2020. Existing assets will be
subject to transitional arrangements until the middle of
2025. Capacity agreements already in place and contracts


--- Page 16 ---

Combined review of operations > Political environment

concluded during the current year will be entirely unaffected
by the threshold values. This is the concession made by the
EU in particular to Poland: the country has already
introduced a general capacity market including coal-fired
power stations. The amendments to the Electricity Market
Directive and the Electricity Market Regulation require formal
approval from the European Parliament and the Council of
Ministers to enter into force. This is expected to happen in
the first half of 2019.

Commission for structural change proposes roadmap for
German coal phase-out. An accelerated coal phase-out is
materialising in Germany, our most important generation
market. In January 2019, following lengthy consultations,
the Growth, Structural Change and Employment Commission
established by the German government presented a concept
for the country achieving its climate protection goals in the
energy sector avoiding structural upheaval, social hardship
or jeopardising security of supply. The body, which consists
of representatives from industry, trade unions, the scientific
community, associations, civic initiatives and environmental
organisations, recommends that Germany phase out coal by
no later than 2038. However, it envisages reviewing the
feasibility of this goal in 2032 and possibly bringing the exit
date forward to 2035. In addition, the Commission has set
milestones for the coal phase-out: it envisages the total
capacity of lignite and hard coal-fired power stations on the
market being reduced to 15 GW each by the end of 2022
through shutdowns or conversions. Compared to the end of
2017, this corresponds to a decrease of at least 12.5 GW, of
which nearly 5 GW and 7.7 GW will be accounted for by
lignite and hard coal, respectively. These figures include
shutdowns that have already occurred or have been
announced as well as lignite-fired units which had not yet
been placed on security stand-by at the end of 2017. The
objective is to have lignite and hard coal-fired power stations
with a total capacity of only 9 GW and 8 GW (excluding
back-up capacity) on the market in 2030. Moreover, the
Commission recommends removing emission allowances
matching the additional CO, savings from the national auction
budget, as otherwise the certificates no longer needed for
the decommissioned power plants would be available to
other participants in the European Emissions Trading
System, enabling additional emissions from their assets.

33

The Commission further proposes that the German
government conduct reviews in 2023, 2026 and 2029
involving an analysis of the effects of measures taken by
then on security of supply, electricity prices, climate
protection and structural development in the affected regions
and that countermeasures be initiated if necessary. It is
also recommended that policymakers implement the
phase-out roadmap in agreement with the operators and
grant them appropriate compensation. The Commission also
deems it desirable that Hambach Forest be preserved.
With respect to relocations in the opencast mining
regions, the states are being asked to enter into dialogue
with the affected residents in order to avoid social and
financial hardship. Layoffs and undue social and economic
disadvantages for the workers should be prevented, in part
by paying them an adjustment allowance.

By and large, the Commission's proposals met with the
approval of politicians and stakeholder groups. It was viewed
positively that widespread consensus has now been reached,
which can serve as a basis for policymakers in order to
establish planning certainty for companies, employees and
regions. Observers therefore anticipate that the German
government will implement the main points of the
Commission's concept. This would have serious ramifications
for our Rhenish lignite business. RWE has already taken four
power plant units offline prematurely under the security
stand-by scheme, with a further block to follow at the end of
September 2019. Additional shutdowns are therefore all the
more difficult and result in burdens going far beyond the
lost electricity revenue. For instance, we would have to
implement substantial job cuts and introduce redundancy
programmes for the affected workers at short notice. If
opencast mines are closed early, new recultivation concepts
would have to be developed and the mining provisions
would have to be increased as they would be used earlier.
Additional costs would be incurred if Hambach Forest were
preserved, provided that this is at all technically feasible. In
addition, substantial investments are needed in order to
adapt opencast mines and power plants to a new operating
concept. We can only reliably estimate the burdens we will
face when the government presents specific plans and
initiates talks with us. We welcome the fact that the
Commission has recognised the need to pay power plant
operators adequate compensation and has also considered
the knock-on costs for the opencast mines.


--- Page 17 ---

34 RWE Annual R

Netherlands plans exit from coal-fired generation.

There is also a high probability of an early coal phase-out in
the Netherlands. The government adopted a bill to this end
in May. It envisages power plants dating back to the 1990s
being prohibited from running on hard coal from 2025
onwards. The ban will enter into force five years later for
newer stations. This would mean that, in the Netherlands,
power would no longer be produced from coal starting in
2030. This objective has also been set out in the coalition
agreement signed by the four governing parties under Prime
Minister Mark Rutte in October 2017. Following a public
consultation in the summer of 2018, the government revised
the draft law and submitted an as yet unpublished new
version to the Dutch State Council, a constitutional body that
advises the government. The parliament is scheduled to
decide on the draft in the spring of 2019. Five hard coal-fired
power stations are still in operation in the Netherlands,
with two belonging to us: Amer 9 and Eemshaven. The
former has a net installed capacity of 631 MW and was
commissioned in 1993. According to the draft law of May,
this power plant would have to stop generation from coal
at the end of 2024. The Eemshaven power station is a
1,554 MW twin unit, which we have been operating since
2014. It would be subject to the later exit date, which is
the end of 2029. Amer 9 and Eemshaven would have to be
shut down or operated only using alternative fuels. Both
stations are being retrofitted for co-firing biomass. We are
receiving subsidies for this, with which we are financing the
investment outlay and the additional cost of sourcing the
fuel. A full conversion to biomass would result in substantial
additional burdens. In our dialogue with policymakers,
we are discussing the options for compensation for the
financial disadvantages that we would suffer as a result of
the planned coal phase-out and will take legal recourse to
this end if necessary.

Dutch government intends to introduce CO, emissions
price floor. In addition, the government in The Hague wants
to flank the European Emissions Trading System with a
national carbon tax in the electricity sector. The objective is
to prevent the total cost per metric ton of carbon dioxide
emitted from falling below a predefined floor even if
certificate prices are low. The introduction of the levy is part
of a national climate accord, which is likely to be adopted
this year. In the convention, the government intends to
agree measures with environmental associations, trade
unions and energy companies through which the country
can achieve its ambitious emission-reduction goals. Initial
plans envisaged the tax guaranteeing a minimum price of
€18 per metric ton of carbon dioxide when it is introduced in
2020 and gradually lifting the floor to €43 by 2030.
However, the government was criticised for this. A state-
commissioned study reached the conclusion that the reform
would only make a small contribution to reducing emissions
and could jeopardise security of supply. For the same
reasons, the energy sector opposed the levy, referring to the
significant rise in prices in European emissions trading in the
meantime. Despite this, policymakers did not want to
abandon the undertaking entirely. Following talks with the
energy companies and environmental associations, a much
lower floor was established, along with a more gradual
increase than the one planned originally. It starts at €12.30
in 2020 and rises incrementally to €31.90 in 2030. The path
is based on estimates regarding the future development of
prices in European emissions trading. It is assumed that
certificate quotations will rise substantially and exceed the
pre-determined CO, floor along the entire path.


--- Page 18 ---

operations > Major events

1.5 MAJOR EVENTS

35

Fiscal 2018 was an eventful year for us. Through the asset swap agreed with E.ON, we have set the course towards
a new RWE, which will rank among Europe’s leading producers of electricity from renewable sources. In addition, our

subsidiary innogy passed further milestones in the expansion of its wind and solar power capacity. The past year was

less pleasing for our lignite business: the Miinster Higher Administrative Court ordered a temporary halt to the
clearance of Hambach Forest, which will curtail our opencast mining activities and reduce our electricity generation.

In this chapter, we present the major events that occurred in 2018 and the beginning of 2019. We focus on events
that have not been commented on in detail elsewhere in this report.

Events in the fiscal year

Extensive asset swap agreed: E.ON will acquire innogy -
RWE will become Europe’s No. 3 in renewables. RWE
and E.ON have jointly set the course for a fundamental
redistribution of their business activities. RWE will become
Europe's No. 3 in renewable energy while E.ON will
enlarge its grid and retail operations. The two companies
envisage that this will be achieved through a substantial
asset swap, which was contractually agreed on 12 March
2018. According to the deal, E.ON will acquire RWE’s 76.8%
stake in innogy SE. In return, RWE will receive the following
assets: (1) a 16.67 % stake in E.ON which will be created by
way of a capital increase from authorised capital in exchange
for a contribution in kind; (2) nearly all of E.ON’s and
innogy’s renewable energy activities; (3) the minority
interests held by the E.ON subsidiary PreussenElektra in the
RWE-operated nuclear power stations Gundremmingen and
Emsland of 25% and 12.5%, respectively; (4) innogy‘s gas
storage business and (5) the 37.9 % stake in the Austrian
energy utility Kelag held by innogy. The deal also involves
RWE paying €1.5 billion to E.ON. It is envisaged that the
transfers take retrospective economic effect from 1 January
2018. The transaction was based on a valuation of our
76.8% stake in innogy of €40 per share when the contract
was concluded. This corresponds to a premium of 28 % on
the closing quotation of the innogy share on 22 February
(€31.29), the last figure that was largely unaffected by
takeover speculation. The €40 per share includes the
dividends of innogy SE for fiscal 2017 and 2018, to which
RWE will continue to be entitled.

Through the transaction, RWE will become an all-rounder
in electricity production, making a major contribution to
security of supply with its flexible power stations while
spurring the transition of the energy sector towards
climate-friendly electricity production. We will not only

broaden our operating base, but also establish a more
robust financial position. The renewables business is
characterised by a large portion of stable regulated income.
After the transaction closes, it should contribute more
than half of the RWE Group’s adjusted EBITDA. Our leverage
factor, which represents the ratio of net debt to adjusted
EBITDA, will then probably be below 3.0. More detailed
information on the effects of the transaction on our business
model can be found on page 18 et seq.

We are confident of being able to complete the asset swap
by the end of 2019. It will be carried out in several steps,
some of which have already been taken:

= On 27 April 2018, E.ON made a voluntary public offer to
innogy’s minority shareholders for the acquisition of their
shares. At €40 per share minus the innogy dividends for the
2017 and 2018 fiscal years, the offer price was in line with
the conditions underlying the transaction between E.ON
and us. When the acceptance deadline expired on 25 July
2018, 9.4% of the shares in innogy were tendered to E.ON.

= On 18 July, RWE and innogy as well as E.ON and innogy
reached agreements to co-operate in implementing the
transaction. innogy’s management has committed to
supporting the implementation of the asset swap -
also vis-a-vis the capital market. It is envisaged that the
integration will be a transparent process in which all
employees are treated as equally as possible, irrespective
of the company they currently work for. Another objective
is that the integration plays to the strengths of each
company. The agreement paves the way to the early joint
planning of the integration measures and an expedited
completion of the transaction.


--- Page 19 ---

36 RWE Annual R

= On 22 January 2019, we registered the acquisition of
the business activities and shareholdings to which we
are entitled with the European Commission and received
clearance from Brussels on 26 February. This was
preceded by an advance review lasting several months
through which the Commission gained an accurate
picture of the effects of the transaction on competition.
E.ON registered the acquisition of innogy with the
Commission on 31 January 2019. Furthermore, national
antitrust approvals must be obtained. One relates to the
acquisition of the financial investment in E.ON. Requests
for this clearance were filed with the German Cartel Office
on 28 January 2019 and with the UK Competition and
Markets Authority (CMA) on 25 February 2019. We
received the go-ahead from the German Cartel Office on
26 February 2019, the day on which we also received
approval from the Commission.

It is envisaged that the transaction be completed in two
steps as soon as all of the necessary approvals have been
obtained from the relevant competition and regulatory
authorities. First, EON will receive our 76.8 % shareholding
in innogy and the agreed €1.5 billion in cash and we will
acquire the 16.67 % stake in E.ON as well as the minority
interests in the Gundremmingen and Emsland nuclear power
stations. Second, E.ON will transfer to us its own and
innogy’s renewable energy activities, innogy’s gas storage
business, and the shareholding in Kelag.

German Court orders temporary halt to clearance of
Hambach Forest - RWE anticipates decline in earnings
due to curtailment of opencast mining operations. On

5 October, the Minster Higher Administrative Court ruled
in summary proceedings that RWE Power may not clear
Hambach Forest, which is near Cologne, for the time being.
This will lead to a massive curtailment of lignite production
from the Hambach opencast mine. We anticipate annual
volume shortfalls of 10 million to 15 million metric tons over
the medium term (2019 to 2021). This will probably reduce
adjusted EBITDA by €100 million to €200 million per year.
The clearance of Hambach Forest is part of the mine’s main
operating plan for 2018 to 2020, which was approved in
March 2018 by the relevant district government under an
immediate implementation order. Thereupon, the BUND
environmental activist group filed a motion to set aside the
immediate implementation, which was denied by the
Cologne Administrative Court. An appeal lodged by BUND
against the Cologne ruling was allowed by the Minster
Higher Administrative Court in October, which ordered the
temporary halt to the clearance of Hambach Forest, during
which the other opencast mining operations could be

continued. The reasons given by the Court for its decision
were that the matter could not be clarified in expedited
proceedings due to the complexity of the legal situation.

Whether and when Hambach Forest can be cleared must
now be decided in the principal proceedings, which are
pending before the Cologne Administrative Court. The main
question is whether the remainder of the forest, which
covers about 200 hectares, is subject to the protective
provisions applicable to flora and fauna habitats (FFH areas)
under European law. According to an expert opinion
published by the Kiel Institute for Landscape Ecology at the
beginning of 2018, this is not the case. The same conclusion
was reached by the Cologne Administrative Court in an
earlier lawsuit filed by BUND concerning the general
operating plan for 2020 to 2030. The case was dismissed on
24 November 2017. On 5 October 2018, the Minster Higher
Administrative Court granted the motion for an appeal by
BUND against this decision. As a result, both the Cologne
Administrative Court and the Minster Higher Administrative
Court are addressing the FFH issue in principal proceedings.
It remains to be seen when a final ruling will be handed
down, but it is possible that this will not happen before the
end of 2020. However, it cannot be ruled out that the matter
is placed on the agenda of the federal government
beforehand. The preservation of Hambach Forest is deemed
desirable in the final report of the Growth, Structural Change
and Employment Commission published on 26 January 2019.
We provide detailed information on the recommendations of
the Commission to the federal government on page 33.

Electricity generated from Hambach lignite corresponds
to about 15% of demand in the state of North Rhine-
Westphalia. It is not only the power plants at the Neurath
and Niederaussem sites that are connected to the opencast
mine, but also refining factories, which supply a large
number of small and medium-sized enterprises with lignite
products for their electricity and heat generation. There are
currently about 4,600 RWE employees working in the
Hambach mining area as well as in the downstream power
stations and businesses. In addition, personnel in the supply
chain are affected.

EU Court shelves UK capacity market. In mid-November,
the General Court of the Court of Justice of the European
Union declared that the approval of the UK capacity market
granted by the European Commission was invalid. The
judges found that the Commission should have conducted
an extensive investigation before giving the go-ahead for
the state aid. The UK capacity market has been suspended
since the ruling. This means that no capacity payments may


--- Page 20 ---

of operations > Major events

be made under existing agreements and no new capacity
auctions may be held until the Commission has reapproved
the subsidies. This caused the capacity payments we
received in the year under review to be about €50 million
lower than expected. The UK Department for Business,
Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) declared that it will do
everything within its power to regain approval for the
capacity market as soon as possible. This may happen during
the current year. The European Commission has since
initiated an in-depth investigation through which it intends
to clarify whether the UK capacity market qualifies for state
aid under EU regulations. If the Commission grants the UK's
original request for approval again, capacity payments could
be resumed. Although we are confident that the UK capacity
market can be continued in its current form, we have not
budgeted any payments for the year under review. We had
been granted a total of approximately €180 million in capacity
payments for 2019 in earlier auctions.

Niederaussem E and F units placed on security standby.
On 30 September, we took two 300 MW units (E and F) of
the Niederaussem lignite-fired power plant offline as
planned. These units have been placed on lignite security
stand-by and can be brought back onto the grid within ten
days to bridge electricity shortages. These security stand-by
regulations were enshrined in law in 2016 for environmental
reasons. Under the regime, a total of eight lignite units with
a combined 2.7 GW must be taken off the market from 2016
to 2019 and placed on standby as the last resort to ensure
security of supply for four years each until they are shut
down for good. Five of the eight stations, which have a total
capacity of 1.5 GW, belong to RWE. In 2017 - also at the end
of September - we placed units P and Q of the Frimmersdorf
power plant on security standby. Unit C of the Neurath
power station will follow suit in 2019.

RWE sells majority stake in Hungarian generator Matra.
RWE and the energy utility EnBW jointly sold their stakes of
51% and 21.7% in Hungarian power producer Matrai Ero6ma
ZRt. (Matra for short). The transaction was completed in
March 2018. The buyer is a consortium consisting of Czech
Republic-based EP Holding and Hungarian investor Lérinc
Mészaros. Matra specialises in producing lignite and
generating electricity from this fuel. At the end of 2017, the
company had slightly more than 2,000 people on its payroll
and a net generation capacity of about 840 MW. Matra is no
longer of strategic importance to us, because we want to focus
our conventional electricity generation business on our core
markets Germany, the United Kingdom and the Benelux region.

37

Dutch Claus C gas-fired power station to go back online.
Claus C, our mothballed Dutch gas-fired power plant in
Maasbracht, will return to operation. This was decided by
the Executive Board of RWE Generation in October. The
station has a net installed capacity of 1,304 MW and, at
58%, meets the highest efficiency standards. It was
commissioned in 2012 but taken offline two years later due
to its lack of profitability. The reasons for it coming back
online are improved market conditions and rising demand
for flexible generation capacity. Commercial opportunities
could also arise as Belgium intends to phase out nuclear
energy and would therefore need additional generation
capacity. Claus C could be connected directly to the Belgian
grid thanks to its proximity to the border. However, the
power station will probably not be fully operational again
until the autumn of 2020, because extensive maintenance
work has to be carried out first.

Unlike Claus C, the neighbouring gas-fired power plant
Claus A will not go back online. The station, which has a net
installed capacity of 610 MW, was taken off the grid in
March 2012 and shut down for good in 2018. It would not
have been worthwhile to reactivate it given its technical
condition. In addition, we temporarily took the Moerdijk 1
gas-fired power station offline as of 1 February 2018, a decision
that was made for economic reasons in 2016. Moerdijk 1
is located south of Rotterdam in the Dutch province of
North Brabant and has a net installed capacity of 348 MW.

UK's Galloper offshore wind farm completed. Our
subsidiary innogy expanded its electricity generation
capacity from renewables with the completion of
Galloper, a large-scale wind farm in the UK North Sea.

It consists of 56 turbines with a total capacity of 353 MW.
innogy owns 25 % of the wind farm, operates it and was
mainly responsible for its development and construction.
Galloper has been fully online since March 2018 and has
the capability to supply about 380,000 UK households.
The total investment in Galloper amounted to £1.5 billion.


--- Page 21 ---

RWE subsidiary innogy partners up for Triton Knoll
offshore wind project. In line with its strategy of carrying
out large-scale wind projects with partners, innogy sold
stakes of 25% and 16% in the Triton Knoll offshore project
to the Japanese energy groups J-Power and Kansai Electric
Power. innogy retains the majority of Triton Knoll (59%). The
transaction was contractually agreed in August and closed
in September. Triton Knoll is a wind farm with a capacity of
approximately 860 MW which is due to be built in the
North Sea off the English coast. innogy and its new partners
will invest a total of around £2 billion to this end. A large
portion of this sum (£1.75 billion) will be provided by an
international consortium of banks. innogy developed
Triton Knoll and will also be responsible for the construction,
operation and maintenance of the wind farm. Once project
financing had been secured, work began in September on
the onshore grid connection. If the project progresses as
planned, the 90 wind turbines could be commissioned
successively from 2021 onwards. The state has guaranteed
a payment of £74.75 per MWh for the electricity fed into the
grid. The subsidy period is 15 years.

Acquisition of a major wind project pipeline in the USA.
innogy also aims to grow its renewable energy business
outside of Europe. Our subsidiary took a major step in
accomplishing this in 2018. In July, it purchased a portfolio
of wind power projects in the USA. The envisaged turbines
have a total capacity of over 2 GW. The seller is the UK
investment company Terra Firma Capital Partners. The
acquired portfolio encompasses more than 20 projects
across eight states that have progressed to various degrees.
innogy has already taken the final investment decision on
one of the projects: in November 2018, our subsidiary gave
the go-ahead for the construction of the Scioto Ridge wind
farm in the US state of Ohio, which is scheduled to take its
full capacity of 242 MW online by the end of 2020. It will be
able to supply about 60,000 Ohio homes with green electricity.

Subsidies for wind farm in German North Sea secured.
In the spring of 2018, innogy set the stage for a further
attractive offshore wind project. The company secured
state subsidies for the Kaskasi wind farm under the German
Renewable Energy Act at an auction. The decision on the
construction of Kaskasi is scheduled to be taken in 2020. It
is expected to have a generation capacity of 325 MW and
could begin operating in 2022. Its location in the vicinity of
Heligoland has good wind conditions and moderate water
depths. Another advantage is its proximity to innogy's
existing wind farm Nordsee Ost.

innogy to build Australia’s largest solar farm. In September,
innogy decided to invest in the Limondale ground-mounted
solar array in the state of New South Wales in Australia.
The solar farm should have a total net installed capacity of
349 MW when it is commissioned in the middle of 2020. This
would currently make it the largest solar farm in Australia.
Belectric, the company acquired by innogy in early 2017, is
responsible for construction and will also handle Limondale’s
operation and maintenance.

Solar developer Birdseye grants innogy exclusive rights
to projects in the USA. In June 2018, innogy agreed to join
forces with US-based Birdseye Renewable Energy to develop
solar projects. The partnership encompasses 13 projects with
a total capacity of about 440 MW, which have been initiated
by Birdseye and are in various stages of development. As a
result of the agreement, innogy has secured the right of
first refusal to acquire projects from the pipeline as soon as
they have reached construction maturity. Moreover, innogy
and Birdseye want to explore further opportunities to
work together.


--- Page 22 ---

Combined review of operations > Major events

Events after the close of the fiscal year

Commission publishes recommendations concerning
German coal phase-out. In January 2019, the Growth,
Structural Change and Employment Commission set up by
the German government submitted its final report. Consisting
of representatives of industry, trade unions, associations, the
scientific community, civic initiatives and environmental
organisations, the report advocates an exit from German
electricity generation from coal by 2038. It envisages the
capacity of the lignite and hard coal-fired power stations on
the market being reduced to a total of 15 GW each through
shutdowns or conversions by as early as the end of 2022.
The Commission further envisages that by 2030, lignite and
hard coal power plants on the market will have a combined
capacity of 9 GW and 8 GW, respectively. The federal
government now intends to present a package of laws on the
basis of the recommendations and conduct talks with the
affected companies. We provide detailed information on the
Commission's recommendations and the consequences they
may have for RWE on page 33.

STEAG acquires majority stake in Bergkamen hard coal-
fired power plant from RWE. As of 1 January 2019, we
sold our 51% shareholding in the Bergkamen hard coal-fired
power station to the Essen-based energy utility STEAG.
The buyer previously owned 49 % of the plant and exercised
a contractual purchase option. The parties agreed to keep
the price confidential. The power station has been in operation
since 1981 and has a generation capacity of 720 MW. RWE
was in charge of commercial management, while STEAG was
responsible for technical plant management. The disposal of
the stake put an end to a contract that obliged us to purchase
electricity produced by the station.

RWE sells Belgian CHP station. A further divestment was
completed when we sold the Inesco CHP station in Belgium
to the UK chemicals group INEOS at the end of February
2019. The plant is eleven years old and located in a chemical
park operated by INEOS near Antwerp. It is gas-fired, has a
net electric capacity of 133 MW and supplies the companies
situated in the chemical park with steam and demineralised
water in addition to electricity. One of the reasons for our
decision to sell the station was its tight integration in the
business activities of INEOS.

39

German government takes over interim storage for
radioactive waste from RWE. As of 1 January 2019, we
transferred the interim storage facilities for highly radioactive
waste on the sites of our Emsland, Biblis and Gundremmingen
nuclear power plants to BGZ, the state-owned company
responsible for interim storage. The legal basis for this is the
law on the reassignment of responsibility for nuclear waste
disposal which was passed at the end of 2016, pursuant to
which the government assumed responsibility for processing
and financing interim and final nuclear waste storage.

German power plant operators gave the government
€24.1 billion for this. In the middle of 2017, these funds
were paid into a public-law fund for financing nuclear waste
disposal. Responsibility for shutting down and safely
dismantling the stations remains with the companies. They
are also responsible for packaging the radioactive waste
properly before it is handed over to BGZ. A total of eleven
decentralised interim storage facilities were transferred from
the nuclear power plant operators to BGZ as of 1 January 2019.
The interim storage facilities for low and medium-radioactive
waste are to follow at the beginning of 2020, including two at
RWE's Biblis site.

RWE cancels £750 million hybrid bond. At the beginning
of February 2019, we announced that we will cancel our
£750 million hybrid bond as of 20 March 2019 without
replacing it with fresh hybrid capital. The bond had been
issued seven years earlier. It has a 7% coupon and a
theoretically perpetual tenor. We are exercising our right to
cancel it at the earliest possible date. In doing so, we are
taking account of RWE’s solid financial position and the
significantly improved earnings prospects resulting from the
planned asset swap with E.ON.

RWE acquires Czech grid investment from innogy for
resale to E.ON. At the end of February 2019, RWE
purchased the majority stake in the Czech gas network
operator innogy Grid Holding (IGH) held by innogy SE. We
had committed to this as part of the exchange of business
activities and equity interests agreed with E.ON. We had
also undertaken to sell on the stake in IGH to E.ON. We are
financing the temporary acquisition using cash and a bank
credit line secured for this purpose. innogy held a 50.04%
interest in IGH, with the remainder being owned by the
Australian financial service provider and infrastructure
investor Macquarie.


--- Page 23 ---

40

Annual Report 2018

1.6 NOTES ON REPORTING

The asset swap agreed with E.ON requires a methodological change in reporting before it is implemented.
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) require us to state the innogy activities that will no longer be part

of the RWE Group following the transaction separately when presenting our business performance. We have set out

the consequences this has in detail in this chapter. Furthermore, we explain how the new IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 accounting

standards affect our consolidated financial statements.

New presentation of innogy’s activities. As set out on
page 19 et seqq., our financial reporting is based ona
Group structure with four segments. Whereas the first
three segments (Lignite & Nuclear, European Power and
Supply & Trading) are unchanged from 2017, the fourth
segment has been adjusted due to the asset swap agreed
with E.ON. In the past, we presented innogy in this
segment in its entirety. Now, we consider only those parts
of the company that are due to remain within the RWE Group
in the long run. Accordingly, the new segment is called
‘innogy - continuing operations’. The other parts of innogy,
which will be transferred to E.ON, are presented outside
of this segment as ‘discontinued operations’. This primarily
applies to the distribution grid and retail businesses.

The recognition of ‘discontinued operations’ has substantial
effects on the income statement, the balance sheet and the
cash flow statement:

= We recognise the innogy business assigned to E.ON in the
income statement only in condensed form under ‘income
from discontinued operations’. It is no longer considered
in the Group's revenue, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBIT,
non-operating result, financial result, or taxes on income.
Prior-year figures are adjusted accordingly.

= On the consolidated balance sheet, discontinued
operations have been combined under ‘assets held for
sale’ and ‘liabilities held for sale’. In accordance with IFRS,
we are maintaining the presentation of the previous
year’s balance sheet figures.

= In the cash flow statement in the consolidated financial
statements, we present the cash flows from discontinued
operations for the reporting and prior-year periods
separately. We take a different approach in the condensed
cash flow statement in the review of operations. Here,
we only state cash flows from continuing operations.

The change in reporting caused some of the statements
made in our forecasts for 2018, which we published on
page 83 et seqq. of the 2017 Annual Report, to become
irrelevant. Amongst other things, this relates to our
statements regarding adjusted EBITDA and capital
expenditure. We brought these forecasts in line with our
new reporting method in the report on the first half of 2018.
The forecast concerning adjusted net income also became
irrelevant: this key performance indicator will not be
determined for the time being, as it is only of limited
informational value during the transitional period until the
completion of the asset swap with E.ON.

In the 2017 Annual Report, we also made forecasts in
relation to key performance indicators in which innogy
was considered as a pure financial investment instead of
as a fully consolidated company. These figures are not in
compliance with IFRS. We explain how we calculate them on
page 58. There is no need for methodological adjustments
here until the asset swap with E.ON has been completed.
Therefore, we maintained our forecasts relating to adjusted
EBITDA and adjusted net income, the latter of which
continues to be determined based on the above distinction.

Change in revenue recognition due to adoption of

IFRS 15. In the 2018 fiscal year, we began applying the new
accounting standard IFRS 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with
Customers’. One of the consequences is that changes in the
fair value of commodity derivatives, which occur before the
contracts are realised, are now recognised in other operating
income instead of in revenue or the cost of materials.
Therefore, our 2018 revenue is lower, particularly in the gas
business. Prior-year figures have not been adjusted.


--- Page 24 ---

Combined ations > Notes on reporting

Financial instruments have stronger effect on earnings
due to adoption of IFRS 9. We also started to apply the
new accounting standard IFRS 9 ‘Financial Instruments’ in
2018. This results in changes to the classification and
measurement of financial instruments and to the recognition
of impairments based on expected credit losses. Again,
prior-year figures have not been adjusted. Changes in the
fair value of some of our securities, which previously had no
effect on profit or loss, were recognised on the income
statement for the first time in 2018. Furthermore, the
recognition of expected credit losses reduced the value of
our assets. In consequence, net debt was slightly higher.

Forward-looking statements. This annual report
contains forward-looking statements regarding the future
development of the RWE Group and its companies as well
as of the economic and political environment. These
statements are assessments that we have made based on
information available to us at the time this document was
prepared. In the event that the underlying assumptions
do not materialise or unforeseen risks arise, actual
developments can deviate from the developments expected
at present. Therefore, we cannot assume responsibility for
the correctness of these statements.

References to the internet. The contents of pages on the
internet and publications to which we refer in the review
of operations are not part of the review of operations and
are merely intended to provide additional information.
The corporate governance declaration in accordance with
Section 289f as well as Section 315d of the German
Commercial Code is an exception.

41


--- Page 25 ---

42. RWE Annual Report 2018

1.7 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

The RWE Group achieved its operating earnings goal for 2018: at €1.5 billion, adjusted EBITDA was within the
forecast range. We had to contend with some unexpected burdens. For example, the temporary suspension of the UK
capacity market caused us to lose contractually committed capacity payments. Furthermore, utilisation of innogy's
wind farms was low due to the weather. The strongest effect was felt from the market-induced decline in our
generation margins, which we had already considered in our forecast. Efficiency-enhancing measures cushioned the
earnings shortfalls somewhat. The continued expansion of innogy’s wind energy capacity also had a positive impact.

Business performance in 2018: what we forecast and what we accomplished

Outlook vs. actual 2017 actual Outlook for fiscal 2018" 2018 actual Forecast fulfilled?

€ million

Adjusted EBITDA 2,149 1,500-1,800 1,538 Yes
Lignite & Nuclear 671 350-450 356 Yes
European Power 463 300-400 334 Yes
Supply & Trading 271 100-300 183 Yes,
innogy - continuing operations 785 700-800 699 Actual < Outlook

1 See page 83 et seq. of the 2017 Annual Report and page 26 of the interim report on the first half of 2018.

Electricity production 12% down on previous year. In
the financial year that just came to a close, the RWE Group
produced 176.0 billion kWh of electricity. In 2018, 38 % of
our electricity generation was from lignite, 27% from

gas, 16% from hard coal, 12% from nuclear, and 6 % from
renewables. Our electricity production was 12% lower
than in the previous year. We recorded declines across all
generation technologies. Nuclear power production (-8.5 TWh)
was primarily affected by the fact that we had to take
Gundremmingen B (1,284 MW) offline at the end of 2017

as part of the German nuclear phase-out. Volumes declined
in electricity generation from lignite (-7.0 TWh) due to the
sale of our majority interest in Matra in Hungary. The
decommissioning of four 300 MW units in the Rhenish
lignite mining region and their placement in legally
mandated security standby (two on 30 September 2017
and two on 30 September 2018) also came to bear.
Unfavourable market conditions resulted in a decline in

production volume from our gas-fired power stations

(-5.7 TWh). Furthermore, we mothballed Moerdijk 1 in the
Netherlands for economic reasons. The drop in generation
from hard coal (-1.9 TWh) was caused in part by the closure
of the Voerde A/B dual unit (1,390 MW) as of 1 April 2017.
In addition, our Aberthaw hard coal-fired power plant in the
UK was only in use occasionally due to market conditions.
Unusually low wind speeds in the United Kingdom and
Central Europe caused renewable energy volumes to drop
(-0.5 TWh). This was contrasted by the positive effects of
commissioning new wind turbines.

In addition to our in-house generation, we procure
electricity from external suppliers. In the year being
reviewed, these purchases totalled 49.0 billion kWh
(previous year: 36.6 billion kWh). In-house generation
and power purchases combined for 225.0 billion kWh
(previous year: 236.8 billion kWh).


--- Page 26 ---

Combined ations > Business performance 43
Power generation Gas Lignite Hard coal Nuclear Renewables Pumped Total
storage,
other
Billion kWh 2018 «2017 2018 «2017 «2018 «62017-2018 = 2017_— 2018)» 2017-2018» 2017S 2018 = 2017
Lignite & Nuclear - - 67.2 74.2 - - 21.8 30.3 - - 0.2 0.7 89.2 105.2
European Power 47.2 52.9 - - 27.4 29.3 - - 11 1 2.3 24 78.0 85.7
of which:
Germany’ BS 7.4 - - 13.0 13.3 - - 0.7 0.7 2.3 2.4 21.5 23.8
United Kingdom 33.2 32.4 - - 0.5 2.6 - - 0.4 0.4 - - 34.1 35.4
Netherlands/Belgium 35) 9.3 - - 13.9 13.4 - - - - - - 194 22.7
innogy -
continuing operations - - - - - - - - 8.8 9.3 - - 8.8 9.3
RWE Group AT.2 52.9 67.2 74.2 27.4 29.3 21.8 30.3 9.9 10.4 2.5 3.1. 176.0 200.2

1. Including electricity from generation assets not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term use agreements.
In 2018, it amounted to 5.0 billion kWh (previous year: 6.3 billion kWh), of which 2.3 billion kWh (previous year: 3.5 billion kWh) were from hard coal-fired power stations.

One of Europe’s biggest power producers, with 41.7 GW
in generation capacity. At the end of 2018, we had a total
installed power generation capacity of 41.7 GW, giving us
a leading market position in Europe. This figure includes
power plants that we took offline temporarily for economic
reasons and the four lignite units we put into security
standby. Our generation capacity declined by 1.6 GW over
the course of the past year. This was because we sold our
majority interest in the Hungarian lignite-based power
producer Matra and shut down the Dutch Claus A gas-fired
power plant (see page 37). A positive effect was felt from
innogy's commissioning of new wind turbines, primarily in
the United Kingdom.

In terms of generation capacity, gas is our major source
of energy. At the end of 2018, it accounted for 34%.
Lignite was in second place with 25%, followed by hard
coal, with 17 %. Renewables and nuclear energy had a share
of 10% and 7 %, respectively. The geographic focus of
our generation business is Germany, where 61 % of our
installed capacity is located. The United Kingdom and the
Netherlands follow, accounting for shares of 23% and 12%,
respectively.

Power generation capacity Gas Lignite Hard coal Nuclear — Renewables Pumped Total Total
As of 31 Dec 2018, in MW storage, other 31 Dec 2017
Lignite & Nuclear 400 10,255 - 2,770 7 27 13,459 14,297
European Power 13,686 - 7,210 - 331 2,679 23,906 24,727
of which:
Germany’ 3,767 - 3,6757 - 55 2,375 9,872 10,125
United Kingdom 6,676 - 1,560 - 55 304 8,595 8,541
Netherlands /Belgium 2,456 - 1,975 - 221 - 4,652 5,274
Turkey 787 - - - - - 787 787
innogy -
continuing operations 235 - 10 - 3,955 137 4,337 4,245
RWE Group 14,321 10,255 7,220 2,770 4,293 2,844 41,703* 43,269

1 Including generation capacity not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term use agreements. As of the end of 2018, it amounted to a net

2,986 MW, including hard coal-fired power stations with a total capacity of 783 MW.

2 The Bergkamen hard coal-fired power plant (720 MW) is still included in this figure: we sold our 51% stake in the station as of 1 January 2019 (see page 39).

3 Including small capacities at RWE Supply & Trading.


--- Page 27 ---

44 RWE Annual 2018

Significant decline in CO, emissions. Last year, our power
stations emitted 118.0 million metric tons of carbon dioxide.
Compared to 2017, our CO, emissions declined by 13.8
million metric tons, or 10%. This resulted from the decline in
our electricity generation from coal and gas. By contrast,
specific emissions, i.e. carbon dioxide emissions per
megawatt hour of electricity generated, rose from 0.66 to
0.67 metric tons. This was mainly because last year we
produced much less zero-carbon electricity from our nuclear
power stations owing to the decommissioning of
Gundremmingen B.

We purchase most of the emission allowances we need on
the market. This is because, since the beginning of the third
emissions trading period, which started on 1 January 2013,
the countries of Western Europe have only allocated free CO,
certificates to energy utilities in exceptional cases. Of our
emissions in EU countries (116.9 million metric tons) in the
year being reviewed, we were only able to cover 1.3 million
metric tons with such state allocations.

Emissions balance CO, emissions

Free allocation of CO, certificates Shortage of CO, certificates

Million metric tons of CO, 2018 2017 2018 2017 2018 2017
Lignite & Nuclear 79.4 88.5 0.7 0.7 78.7 87.8
European Power’ 38.6 43.3 0.6 0.6 36.9 413
of which:
Germany? 13.0 14.1 0.6 0.6 12.4 13.5
United Kingdom 12.4 14.0 < - 12.4 14.0
Netherlands/Belgium 12.1 13.8 - - 12.1 13.8
innogy - continuing operations - - - - - -
RWE Group 118.0 131.8 1.3 1.3 115.6 129.1

1. Includes the CO, emissions of our gas-fired power station in the Turkish town of Denizli, which amounted to 1.1 million metric tons in 2018 (previous year: 1.4 million metric
tons). As Turkey does not participate in European emissions trading, we do not need emission allowances for these volumes.

2. Including figures relating to generation capacity not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term use agreements. In 2018, these stations
emitted a total of 2.0 million metric tons of CO, (previous year: 3.1 million metric tons).

86.3 million metric tons of lignite produced. The fuel used
by our power stations is procured by our generation companies
either directly on the market or via RWE Supply & Trading.
We source lignite from proprietary opencast mines. In our
mining region, which is west of Cologne, we produced

86.3 million metric tons of lignite last year (previous year:
91.3 million metric tons), of which 74.2 million metric tons
were used to generate electricity in our power plants. The
remainder was used to manufacture refined products
(e.g. lignite briquettes) and, to a limited extent, to generate
process steam and district heat.

Electricity sales 5% lower - gas sales 5% higher. The
RWE Group’s continuing operations sold 216.1 billion kWh of
electricity and 67.0 billion kWh of gas to external customers.
Most of these volumes are allocable to the Supply & Trading
segment. Electricity sales experienced a drop of 5%, in part
due to the decline in the amount of in-house production sold
by RWE Supply & Trading on the wholesale market. Further
volume shortfalls were recorded as a result of the sale of
the Hungarian lignite-based power producer Matra, which
sold its generation independently. A positive effect was
felt from RWE Supply & Trading winning new industrial and
corporate customers. This affected both electricity and gas
sales and was the main reason why the latter were 5%
higher year on year.


--- Page 28 ---

Combined

w of operations > Business performance

45

External revenue 2018 2017 +/-
€million %
Lignite & Nuclear 1,132 1,259 -10.1
European Power 925 923 0.2
Supply & Trading 10,190 10,517 -3.1
innogy - continuing operations 1,124 1,087 3.4
Other, consolidation 7 36 -52.8
RWE Group (excluding natural gas tax/electricity tax) 13,388 13,822 -3.1
Natural gas tax/electricity tax 141 131 7.6
RWE Group 13,529 13,953 -3.0
External revenue by product’ 2018 2017 +/-
€million %
Electricity revenue 10,090 10,430 -3.3
of which:
Lignite & Nuclear 303 451 -32.8
European Power 542 594 -8.8
Supply & Trading 8,447 8,628 -2.1
innogy - continuing operations 799 755 5.8
Gas revenue 1,565 1,795 -12.8
of which:
Supply & Trading 1,502 1,738 -13.6
innogy - continuing operations 47 48 -2.1
Other revenue 1,733 1,597 8.5
RWE Group (excluding natural gas tax/electricity tax) 13,388 13,822 -3.1

1 Immaterial electricity revenue in the ‘other, consolidation’ item and immaterial gas revenue in the European Power segment is not stated separately.

External revenue down 3% on previous year. In the year
being reviewed, we posted external revenue of €13,388 million
(excluding natural gas and electricity tax). This represents a
decline of 3% compared to 2017. At €10,090 million, our
electricity revenue was also 3 % lower than in the preceding
year. The decline in sales volume came to bear. The Group's
gas revenue dropped by 13 % to €1,565 million.

It therefore trended against delivery volumes, in part due
to a decrease in revenue from the realisation of hedging
transactions. Furthermore, our initial adoption of IFRS 15
played a role, because it caused certain items to no longer

be recognised in revenue (see commentary on page 40).


--- Page 29 ---

46 RWE Annual Rt

Adjusted EBITDA 2018 2017 +/-
€ million %
Lignite & Nuclear 356 671 46.9
European Power! 334 463 -27.9
Supply & Trading 183 271 32.5
innogy - continuing operations 699 785 -11.0
Other, consolidation -34 -41 17.1
RWE Group 1,538 2,149 -28.4

1 Inthe period under review, €102 million was attributable to the UK (previous year: €205 million).

Adjusted EBITDA of €1.5 billion in line with expectations.
Our adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortisation (adjusted EBITDA) amounted to €1,538 million.
This confirmed our August 2018 forecast envisaging a range
of €1.5 billion to €1.8 billion (see page 26 of the interim report
on the first half of 2018). As set out on page 40, during the
year we had to adjust our forecast for 2018 that we published
in the 2017 Annual Report, because the asset swap agreed
with E.ON required us to change our reporting. Adjusted
EBITDA was 28 % lower than in 2017. Shrinking margins and
volumes in conventional electricity generation were the main
reasons. Furthermore, Supply & Trading and innogy - continuing
operations delivered lower earnings.

The following developments were observed in the segments:

= Lignite & Nuclear: This division's adjusted EBITDA totalled
€356 million, which is within the forecast range of
€350 million to €450 million. It represents a decline of 47%
compared to the previous year. A major reason for this is
that we realised lower wholesale prices for the generation
from our lignite-fired and nuclear power stations than in
2017. We had already sold forward nearly all of the
production of these plants in earlier years. The closure of
unit B of the Gundremmingen nuclear power station at the
end of 2017 also had a negative effect on earnings. Savings
achieved through our efficiency-enhancement programme
cushioned the aforementioned burdens slightly.

= European Power: We recorded €334 million in adjusted
EBITDA in this segment. This confirmed our forecast,
which envisaged a range of €300 million to €400 million.
Compared to 2017, we recorded a decline of 28%. One
reason was that EBITDA in the previous year included

capital gains on property sales. In addition, the margins
of our gas and hard coal-fired power stations shrank.
The suspension of the UK capacity market caused the
payments which we received for the availability of our
stations to be significantly lower than planned. However,
at €47 million, they were higher than in 2017 (€16 million).
Efficiency-enhancing measures had a positive effect on
earnings.

Supply & Trading: Here, adjusted EBITDA totalled

€183 million, which is within the forecast range of

€100 million to €300 million. Earnings therefore decreased
by 32% relative to 2017, caused in part by a weaker trading
performance. In addition, we recognised a value adjustment
for an equity stake acquired by RWE Supply & Trading
within the scope of its principal investments (see page 21).
Fortunately, we were able to pick up where we left off in
terms of earnings in the gas business.

innogy - continuing operations: Adjusted EBITDA posted
by the innogy business remaining with RWE amounted
to €699 million, which was just below the forecast range
of €700 million to €800 million. One of the reasons for
this was the unexpectedly low electricity production due
to unfavourable wind conditions. Compared to 2017,
adjusted EBITDA decreased by 11 %. In addition to the
weather conditions, the positive impact of income
resulting from the revaluation of innogy’s stake in the
Triton Knoll offshore wind project in the prior year did not
recur. Furthermore, start-up costs were incurred in the
year under review, which will result in revenue later on.
A positive effect was felt from innogy’s commissioning of
new wind turbines and realisation of higher prices for
electricity and green energy certificates.


--- Page 30 ---

Combined review of operations > Business performance a7
Adjusted EBIT 2018 2017 +/-
€ million %
Lignite & Nuclear 7 399 80.7
European Power! 37 155 -76.1
Supply & Trading 7 265 33.2
innogy - continuing operations 349 398 -12.3
Other, consolidation -21 -47 55.3
RWE Group 619 1,170 47.1

1. In the year under review, ~€48 million was attributable to the UK (previous year: €40 million).

Reconciliation to net income characterised by the
non-recurrence of exceptional income from 2017. The
reconciliation from adjusted EBITDA to net income in 2017
was characterised by the substantial exceptional income in
Germany from the nuclear fuel tax refund, whereas there
were no such positive effects in 2018. This led to a significant
deterioration in the non-operating result and the financial
result.

As expected, adjusted EBIT recorded by the RWE Group
declined considerably, falling by 47 % to €619 million. This
figure differs from adjusted EBITDA in that it does not
include operating depreciation and amortisation, which
amounted to €919 million (prior year: €979 million).

Non-operating result 2018 2017 +/-
€ million € million
Disposal result B25) 107 -132
Impact of derivatives on earnings -146 -480 334
Other 10 1,322 -1,312
Non-operating result -161 949 -1,110

The non-operating result, in which we recognise certain
effects which are not related to operations or to the period
being reviewed, totalled -€161 million (prior year:

€949 million). Its components developed as follows:

= Disposals of investments and assets resulted in a net
book loss of €25 million compared to the book gain of
€107 million posted in the previous year. The loss was
incurred in connection with the sale of our 51% stake in
the Hungarian company Matra in March 2018. This caused
charges resulting from the conversion of Matra’s financial
statements to euros, which were recognised in equity until
the transaction, to have an effect on earnings. Capital gains
on property sales were unable to offset this effect.

= The ‘impact of derivatives on earnings’ totalled
-€146 million, as opposed to -€480 million in the previous
year. We use derivatives to hedge price risks. Pursuant to
IFRS, these types of financial instruments are recognised
at fair value at the corresponding balance-sheet date,
whereas transactions which are hedged with them are

only recognised as a profit or loss when they are realised.
This results in temporary effects on earnings, which are
neutralised over time.

= The earnings stated under ‘other’ amounted to
€10 million, which was much less than the high figure
recorded in the preceding year (€1,322 million), which
benefited from the nuclear fuel tax refund. In the year
under review, a positive effect came from the write-up
performed by innogy on its Polish wind farms due to a
rise in the price of electricity and green energy certificates
and the resulting improvement in the earnings prospects
of the stations. This was contrasted by smaller burdens
resulting in part from the accrual of provisions for partial
retirement measures and costs associated with the
execution of the asset swap with E.ON. Moreover, we
recognised an impairment for the Staythorpe gas-fired
power station in the UK because a slight downward
correction had to be made to the expected earnings from
this plant.


--- Page 31 ---

48 RWE Annual Report 2018

Financial result 2018 2017 +/-
€ million € million
Interest income 166 197 -31
Interest expenses -180 -298 118
Net interest -14 -101 87
Interest accretion to non-current provisions -264 -226 -38
Other financial result -131 264 -395,
Financial result -409 -63 -346

Our financial result deteriorated by €346 million to
-€409 million. Its components changed as follows:

Net interest improved by €87 million to -€14 million,
above all due to lower interest expenses. One of the
reasons for this was our cancellation and buyback of
hybrid bonds in the prior year (see page 54 of the 2017
Annual Report).

The interest accretion to non-current provisions curtailed
earnings by €264 million, having a bigger effect than in
2017 (-€226 million). One contributing factor was the
reduction in the discount rate we use to calculate nuclear
provisions. The resulting increase in the net present value
of the obligations was recognised in part as an expense
in the interest accretion.

* The ‘other financial result’ amounted to -€131 million,
which was much lower than the preceding year's figure
(€264 million). The latter figure was unusually high,
because it contained the interest we were granted for the
nuclear fuel tax payments we had made until 2016 and
were refunded thereafter. Furthermore, in the year under
review, there was a decline in the quotations of marketable
securities which were recognised through profit or loss
due to the initial adoption of IFRS 9, as explained on page
41. In the previous year, such changes in fair value had
been recognised without an effect on earnings. Smaller
losses from the sale of securities provided some relief.

Reconciliation to net income 2018 2017 +/-
%
Adjusted EBITDA € million 1,538 2,149 28.4
Operating depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses € million -919 -979 6.1
Adjusted EBIT € million 619 1,170 47.1
Non-operating result € million -161 949 -117.0
Financial result € million -409 -63 -549.2
Income from continuing operations before taxes € million 49 2,056 -97.6
Taxes on income € million -103 -333 69.1
Income from continuing operations € million 54 1,723 103.1
Income from discontinued operations € million 1,127 592 90.4
Income € million 1,073 2,315 53.7
of which:
Non-controlling interests € million 679 373 82.0
RWE AG hybrid capital investors’ interest € million 59 42 40.5
Net income/income attributable to RWE AG shareholders € million 335 1,900 82.4
Earnings per share € 0.54 3.09 -82.5
Number of shares outstanding (annual average) millions 614.7 614.7 -



--- Page 32 ---

of operations > Business performance

At €49 million, income from continuing operations before tax

was far below the comparable figure for 2017 (€2,056 million).

Income taxes amounted to €103 million. The effective tax
rate was therefore above the theoretical normal level. The
reason for this was that RWE AG's tax group did not capitalise
any deferred tax assets unless they were matched by
deferred tax liabilities. This was because we are unlikely to
be able to use the deferred tax claims in the foreseeable
future. They can only be used in coming fiscal years if tax
gains are achieved against which the claims can be netted.
There is currently no sufficient certainty that this will occur
in RWE AG's tax group.

After taxes, we posted income from continuing operations
of -€54 million (prior year: €1,723 million). Income from
discontinued operations amounted to €1,127 million, a
significant gain compared to 2017 (€592 million). This is
primarily a result of IFRS accounting rules: they stipulate
that we no longer consider depreciation or amortisation for
discontinued operations from their separate statement as of
30 June 2018 onwards. By contrast, the preceding year's
income included depreciation and amortisation for a full
twelve months and was further curtailed by an impairment
recognised for the UK retail business.

49

Income from non-controlling interests rose by €306 million
to €679 million. In the previous year, impairments recognised
for the Hungarian power producer Matra led to a decline in
the earnings of RWE and the co-owners, which did not recur.
In addition, we state much higher income for innogy in RWE's
consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, there was
also a rise in the income allocable to the minority shareholders
of our subsidiary, which hold a total stake of 23.2%.

The portion of earnings attributable to hybrid capital
investors amounted to €59 million (prior year: €42 million).
This sum corresponds to the finance costs related to our
£750 million hybrid bond. This bond, which was called in
the beginning of 2019, did not have a predefined fixed
tenor. Associated proceeds were therefore classified as
equity according to IFRS. RWE’s remaining hybrid capital is
classified as debt and we record interest accrued on it in the
financial result.

As a consequence of the above developments, net income
decreased considerably compared to 2017, falling to

€335 million (prior year: €1,900 million). Based on the
614.7 million in RWE shares outstanding, earnings per share
amounted to €0.54 (prior year: €3.09).

Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and on intangible assets 2018 2017 +/-
€ million € million
Lignite & Nuclear 230 269 -39
European Power 245 147 98
Supply & Trading 13 7 6
innogy - continuing operations 592 285 307
Other, consolidation all -2 1
RWE Group 1,079 706 373
Capital expenditure on financial assets 2018 2017 +/-
€ million € million
Lignite & Nuclear = 1 -1
European Power 4 1 3
Supply & Trading 37 30 7
innogy - continuing operations 141 153 -12
Other, consolidation =i VW -12
RWE Group 181 196 715



--- Page 33 ---

50 RWE

Significant rise in capital expenditure on renewables.
In the financial year that just came to a close, RWE recorded
capital expenditure of €1,260 million, up €358 million, or
40% compared to 2017. Spending on property, plant and
equipment and on intangible assets increased by 53% to
€1,079 million. The considerable rise was primarily attributable
to innogy’s continuing operations, in particular the large-scale
Triton Knoll and Limondale projects, on which we report on

page 38. In the European Power segment, the conversion
of the Dutch hard coal-fired power stations Amer 9 and
Eemshaven to biomass co-firing drove up capital spending.
Furthermore, there was a rise in expenditure on maintenance.
We spent €181 million on financial assets, 8% less than in
2017. A large portion of the funds was used by innogy to
acquire a portfolio of onshore wind projects in the USA
(see page 38).

Workforce’ 31 Dec 2018 31 Dec 2017 +/-

%
Lignite & Nuclear 11,292 13,132 -14.0
European Power 2,738 2,656 3.1
Supply & Trading 1,267 1,156 9.6
innogy - continuing operations 2,192 1,952 12.3
Other? 259 210 23.3
RWE Group 17,748 19,106 -7.1

1 Converted to full-time positions.
2. This item exclusively comprises employees of the holding company RWE AG.

Lower headcount due to sale of Matra. As of 31 December
2018, the RWE Group's continuing operations had 17,748
people on the payroll, of which 15,101 were employed in
Germany and 2,647 worked at locations abroad. Part-time
positions were considered in these figures on a pro-rata basis.
The workforce in Germany expanded by 582 staff members
compared to the end of 2017. By contrast, elsewhere in the
Group, 1,940 employees left the company, predominantly

due to the sale of our majority stake in the Hungarian power
producer Matra (see page 37). In purely operating terms, i.e.
disregarding such consolidation effects, our headcount rose
by 702. Personnel figures do not include apprentices or
trainees. At the end of 2018, 666 young adults were learning
a profession at RWE, compared to 615 in the previous year.
This information relates exclusively to the RWE Group's
continuing operations.


--- Page 34 ---

operations > Financial position and net worth 51

1.8 FINANCIAL POSITION AND NET WORTH

RWE's financial position and net worth is fundamentally solid despite the difficult framework conditions in our
business. This is demonstrated by the credit ratings issued by Moody's and Fitch: both rating agencies confirmed
their investment grade rating of RWE last year. The good operating and financial prospects arising from the planned
acquisition of the renewable energy activities of EON and innogy were among the influential factors. In fiscal 2018,
we generated very high operating cash flows of €4.6 billion. However, this was largely due to temporary effects. The
Group’s net debt declined to €19.3 billion and amounted to a mere €4.4 billion excluding the innogy activities that

are up for sale.

Responsibility for procuring funds. Responsibility for
financing within the RWE Group lies with the parent company
RWE AG and its operationally independent subsidiary innogy.
The two companies procure funds for the business that they
control. They act independently of each other in doing so.
Companies which are controlled by RWE AG or innogy SE
only raise debt capital in specific cases, for example if it is
advantageous economically to make use of local credit
markets. RWE AG and innogy SE act as co-ordinators when
subsidiaries assume a liability. This allows for the central
management and monitoring of financial risks. Moreover, it
strengthens our position when negotiating with banks,
business partners, suppliers and customers.

Tools for raising debt capital. RWE AG and innogy SE have
a wide range of tools which they can use in addition to cash
flows from operating activities to meet their financing needs.

= Debt Issuance Programmes (DIPs) give the companies
latitude in procuring debt capital on the capital market for
the long term. A DIP is a framework prospectus for the
flexible issuance of bonds. RWE AG's current programme
enables us to make issuances with a total nominal value of
€10 billion. The innogy DIP has a maximum financing
volume of €20 billion.

= RWE AG has a Commercial Paper Programme for short-
term refinancing that enables it to raise funds equivalent
to up to US$5 billion on the money market. We
intermittently used a maximum of €0.8 billion of this
headroom in the year under review. innogy also launched
a Commercial Paper Programme. It has a funding
framework of €3 billion. Up to €1.1 billion thereof was
used in the financial year that just ended.

= To secure liquidity, RWE AG and innogy SE can resort to
lines of credit granted them by international bank
syndicates. RWE AG has such a credit line with a volume of
€3 billion which expires in March 2021. It has not been
used so far. The same holds true for innogy’s syndicated
credit line, with which our subsidiary can cover up to
€2 billion in financing needs. Its original tenor expires in
October 2022 and can be prolonged twice for a year at a
time subject to the banks’ approval. innogy has already
received the approval of nearly the whole of the bank
consortium for a first extension through to October 2023.
Moreover, the credit line can be topped up by €1 billion.
This option is also subject to the approval of the
consortium of banks.

Bond volume increases to €15.2 billion. At the end of
2018, the Group (including innogy) had bonds with a
total nominal volume of an equivalent of €15.2 billion
outstanding, compared to €14.0 billion a year before. The
total of 26 issues are denominated in euros, sterling,

US dollars and yen. We concluded hedges to manage our
currency exposure. Taking such transactions into account,
the RWE Group's debt broke down into 66% in euros and
34% in sterling on the balance-sheet date. At the end of the
year, the senior bonds outstanding had an average
remaining maturity of 8.5 years.

As of 31 December 2018, the volume of bonds commercially
and legally attributable to RWE AG amounted to €1.9 billion.
It was essentially unchanged compared to the previous year.
RWE AG's long-term debt financing is primarily based on four
hybrid bonds with outstanding volumes of £750 million

(7% coupon; earliest possible redemption in March 2019),
€539 million (2.75 %; October 2020), €282 million (3.5%;
April 2025) and US$ 317 million (6.625%; March 2026). We
will redeem the first of the above bonds, with a volume of
£750 million, on 20 March 2019, without replacing it with
new hybrid capital (see page 39). We do not plan to issue
senior bonds for the time being.


--- Page 35 ---

52 RWE Annual Report 2018

RWE Group bonds: maturities/first possible call dates
(as of 31 Dec 2018)

€ billion

2.0

15
1.0
0.5
0.0

‘23° (24 «25 «'26 «27:28 ‘29

Year 2019 ‘20 ‘21 ‘22 30

ll Senior bonds innogy (maturities)

‘31 32033 34°35

I | i]
36 37 38 39. “40

o
‘41 "4243

MM Hybrid bonds RWE AG (first possible call dates)

By the end of 2018, innogy had a total of €13.3 billion in
outstanding bonds, €1.2 billion more than a year before.
These include a total of 21 senior bonds in euros (13),
sterling (6), US dollars (1) and yen (1). innogy conducted
three new placements in the financial year that just came to
a close. The company started by issuing a €1 billion bond
with a tenor of 11.5 years and a coupon of 1.5% in January.
This was followed by two further placements in May: one
with a volume of €500 million, a tenor of eight years and a
coupon of 1.625%, and another, also with a volume of
€500 million, with a tenor of 4.5 years and a coupon of
0.75%. The latter bond was topped up to €750 million soon
thereafter. The issuances were contrasted in July 2018 by
the redemption of a 15-year bond with a nominal volume of
€980 million and a coupon of 5.125%.

Shortly after the end of the year under review, innogy took
advantage of the favourable interest rates to issue another
bond. At the end of January 2019, the company placed
paper with a nominal volume of €750 million, a tenor of
4.5 years and a coupon of 0.75%. One of the purposes of
the issuance is to refinance liabilities as they mature.

RWE AG's borrowing costs reflect decline in refinancing
via commercial paper. In 2018, the cost of debt for RWE AG
was 3.4%, as opposed to 2.5% in the preceding year. These
figures were calculated for the liabilities allocable to the
Group parent from bonds, commercial paper and bank loans
at the end of the year. Only hybrid bonds classified as debt
pursuant to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
were considered. The rise in the cost of capital was primarily
due to our reduction to zero of short-term financing via
low-interest commercial paper due to high operating cash
flows by the end of 2018. innogy’s cost of debt dropped
from 4.1% to 3.6%. One reason was that the bonds issued
during the year being reviewed have relatively small coupons
due to the development of market interest rates, whereas
the redeemed bond had a much higher yield.

Credit rating of RWE AG (as of 31 Dec 2018) Moody's Fitch
Non-current financial liabilities
Senior debt Baa3 BBB
Subordinated debt (hybrid bonds) Ba2 BB+
Current financial liabilities P-3 F2
Outlook Stable Stable



--- Page 36 ---

Combined review of operations > Financial position and net worth

Rating agencies confirm RWE’s investment grade rating.
The level of our borrowing costs partially depends on the
rating agencies’ assessment of our creditworthiness.
Moody's and Fitch are currently providing such credit ratings
for RWE. Another leading agency, Standard & Poor's,
withdrew its RWE rating in February 2018 at our request. As
next to no RWE senior bonds are outstanding due to the
transfer of debt to innogy, we therefore deem the ratings by
Moody's and Fitch sufficient. Before discontinuing its rating
of RWE, Standard & Poor's had issued us a rating of BBB- for
long-term financing, which is investment grade. This is the
same category as the credit assessments of our current
rating agencies. The RWE ratings by Moody's and Fitch are
Baa3 and BBB, respectively. Once our envisaged asset swap
with E.ON was announced, the two agencies reviewed our

53

creditworthiness in 2018, confirming their assessments -
both with a stable outlook. Fitch even raised its rating of our
short-term financial debt by one notch to F2.

By contrast, innogy continues to receive credit ratings from
all three of the aforementioned agencies, which are each
one notch higher than for RWE, with a stable outlook. The
creditworthiness of our subsidiary is rated BBB at
Standard & Poor's, Baa2 at Moody's and BBB+ at Fitch (with a
rating of A- for its senior bonds). One of the reasons for the
good grades is that innogy has a relatively stable earnings
profile due to its high share of regulated business. The
company provides detailed information on its credit rating in
its 2018 Annual Report.

Cash flow statement’ 2018 2017 +/-
€ million € million
Funds from operations 138 -3,971 4,109
Change in working capital 4,473 200 4,273
Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations 4,611 -3,771 8,382
Cash flows from investing activities of continuing operations 2,999 3,750 6,749
Cash flows from financing activities of continuing operations -1,559 997 562
Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates and other changes in value on cash and cash equivalents 13 -19 32
Total net changes in cash and cash equivalents 66 -1,037 1,103
Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations 4,611 -3,771 8,382
Minus capital expenditure” -1,246 -902 -344
Plus proceeds from divestitures/asset disposals? 74 234 -160
Free cash flow 3,439 4,439 7,878

1 Allitems relate solely to continuing operations.
2 This item solely relates to transactions with an effect on cash.

Extraordinarily high operating cash flows due to received
collateral. In the past fiscal year, our continuing operations
generated €4,611 million in cash flows from operating
activities. This was much more than the negative figure
recorded in the prior year (-€3,771 million), which was
significantly curtailed by the endowment of the German
nuclear energy fund. However, our operating cash flows also
improved disregarding this effect. The fact that we obtained

high variation margins in connection with forward contracts
for electricity, commodities and CO, certificates in 2018
played a major role. Variation margins are payments with
which transaction partners offset profit and loss positions
resulting from the daily revaluation of active contracts.
However, their influence on cash flows is temporary and
ends once the transactions are realised.


--- Page 37 ---

Annual Report 2018

Investing activities of our continuing operations resulted in
cash outflows of €2,999 million. In addition to the capital
expenditure presented on page 50, purchases of securities
also made a contribution, whereas proceeds on sales of
property, plant and equipment and financial assets had a
counteracting effect. In the previous year, we recorded
substantial cash inflows of €3,750 million, which largely
resulted from the sale of securities. We used the funds to
make our contribution to the nuclear energy fund.

Financing activities of our continuing operations resulted in
cash outflows of €1,559 million (previous year: €997 million).
€1.0 billion thereof was used to make dividend payments
to RWE shareholders, co-owners of fully consolidated

RWE companies and hybrid investors. In the period under

review, we redeemed €2.8 billion and issued €1.6 billion in
financial debt. In addition, there were proceeds from the
sale of minority stakes in the Triton Knoll offshore wind
project (see page 37 et seq.).

On balance, the aforementioned cash flows from operating,
investing and financing activities increased our cash and
cash equivalents by €66 million.

The significant variation margins mentioned above were also
reflected in free cash flow, which amounted to €3,439 million.
By contrast, the figure recorded in the preceding year
(-€4,439 million) was characterised by the contribution to
the nuclear energy fund.

Net debt" 31 Dec 2018 31 Dec 2017 +/-
€ million € million
Cash and cash equivalents 3,523 3,933 -410
Marketable securities 3,863 5,131 -1,268
Other financial assets 2,809 1,863 946
Financial assets 10,195 10,927 732
Bonds, other notes payable, bank debt, commercial paper 1,657 15,099 -13,442
Hedge transactions related to bonds 12 27 -15
Other financial liabilities 1,107 2,102 -995
Financial liabilities 2,776 17,228 14,452
Net financial debt 7,419 -6,301 13,720
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 3,287 5,420 -2,133
Surplus of plan assets over benefit obligations -213 -103 -110
Provisions for nuclear waste management 5,944 6,005 -61
Mining provisions 2,516 2,322 194
Provisions for dismantling wind farms 362 359 3
Adjustment for hybrid capital -88 -77 -11

Plus 50 % of the hybrid capital stated as equity 470 470 -

Minus 50% of the hybrid capital stated as debt -558 -547 -11
Net debt of continuing operations 4,389 - -
Net debt of discontinued operations 14,950 - -
Net debt 19,339 20,227 888

1 As of the balance-sheet date, discontinued operations were recognised in the collective item ‘net debt of discontinued operations’, whereas at the end of 2017, they were

still included in the individual items of the table.

Net debt slightly down on 2017. As of 31 December 2018,
our net debt amounted to €19.3 billion, of which €4.4 billion
was allocable to continuing operations and the remainder
was allocable to discontinued operations. We only disclose
the figures for the Group as a whole for the previous year.
Our net debt dropped by €0.9 billion compared to 2017.
Therefore, our forecast of March 2018, which envisaged a
moderate increase, was not confirmed. The main reason was
the unexpectedly high cash inflows from variation margins.

Operating cash flows of continuing operations (€4.6 billion)
and of discontinued operations (€2.0 billion) reduced

net debt, whereas investing activities (€1.2 billion and
€1.7 billion) and dividend payments (€1.0 billion and

€0.5 billion) had a counteracting effect. In addition, pension
provisions rose by €0.8 billion and €0.7 billion, respectively.
One reason is that the plan assets which cover the majority
of the pension obligations declined due to negative market
developments.


--- Page 38 ---

Combined review of operations > Financial position and net worth 55
Slightly higher off-balance-sheet obligations from for fuel (previous year: €25.8 billion) and €7.8 billion
electricity and fuel. Net debt does not include our for electricity (previous year: €6.8 billion). These figures
off-balance-sheet obligations, which largely stem from are based on assumptions regarding the prospective
long-term fuel and electricity purchase agreements. As of development of commodity prices. For further information
the balance-sheet date, payment obligations from on our off-balance-sheet obligations, please see page 151
material procurement contracts amounted to €27.9 billion in the Notes.
Group balance sheet structure 31 Dec 2018 31 Dec 2017
€ million % € million %
Assets
Non-current assets 18,595 23.2 45,694 66.2
of which:
Intangible assets 2,193 2.7 12,383 17.9
Property, plant and equipment 12,409 15.5 24,947! 36.1
Current assets 61,513 76.8 23,365 33.8
of which:
Receivables and other assets” 12,254 15.3 12,487 18.1
Assets held for sale 40,496 50.6 128 0.2
Total 80,108 100.0 69,059 100.0
Equity and liabilities
Equity 14,257 17.8 11,991 7.4
Non-current liabilities 20,007 25.0 36,774 53.3
of which:
Provisions 15,863 19.8 19,249 27.9
Financial liabilities 1,998 25) 14,414 20.9
Current liabilities 45,844 57.2 20,294 29.3
of which:
Provisions 2,615 3.3 5,137 14
Financial liabilities 766 1.0 2,787 4.0
Other liabilities? 9,667 12.1 12,259 17.8
Liabilities held for sale 32,796 40.9 ww 0.2
Total 80,108 100.0 69,059 100.0

1 Figure adjusted due to the assignment of investment property to property, plant and equipment.
2 Including financial accounts receivable, trade accounts receivable and income tax refund claims.

3 Including trade accounts payable and income tax liabilities.

Equity ratio records slight increase to 17.8%. As of the
cut-off date for the financial statements, we had a balance-
sheet total of €80.1 billion, compared to €69.1 billion as of

31 December 2017. We have subsumed the innogy assets
that are to be transferred to E.ON over the long term
separately under the items ‘assets held for sale’ (€40.5 billion)
and ‘liabilities held for sale’ (€32.8 billion). In line with IFRS,
prior-year figures were not adjusted. This was a major reason
why certain balance-sheet items decreased substantially: on
the assets side, intangible assets were €10.2 billion and

property, plant and equipment was €12.5 billion down year
on year; on the equity and liabilities side, financial liabilities

declined by €14.4 billion, with provisions falling by

€5.9 billion. The change in the reporting did not have an
impact on the development of the balance-sheet total. Its
increase of €11.0 billion relative to 2017 was primarily driven

by the rise in the value of commodity derivatives. The

RWE Group's equity climbed by €2.3 billion to €14.3 billion,
with its share of the balance sheet total (equity ratio) also

rising, advancing by 0.4 percentage points to 17.8%.


--- Page 39 ---

56 RWE Annual Report 2018

1.9 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF RWE AG

(HOLDING COMPANY)

The financial statements of RWE AG primarily reflect the business performance of its subsidiaries. On the whole, the
electricity margins achieved by our generation companies RWE Power and RWE Generation deteriorated last year.
Furthermore, the financial statements for fiscal 2017 benefited from the positive one-off effect of the nuclear fuel tax
refund. At €0.5 billion, RWE AG’s net profit was therefore significantly lower year on year. However, it gives us
enough leeway to pay an attractive dividend: the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board of RWE AG will propose
to the Annual General Meeting taking place in May that a dividend of €0.70 per share be paid for fiscal 2018.

Financial statements. RWE AG prepares its financial
statements in compliance with the rules set out in the German
Commercial Code and the German Stock Corporation Act.
The financial statements are submitted to Bundesanzeiger

Verlag GmbH, located in Cologne, Germany, which publishes
them in the Federal Gazette. The financial statements

of RWE AG can be ordered directly from us and are also
available on the internet at www.rwe.com/reports.

Balance sheet of RWE AG (abridged)

31 Dec 2018 31 Dec 2017

€ million

Assets

Financial assets 25,166 24,901
Accounts receivable from affiliated companies 3,669 4,811
Other accounts receivable and other assets 479 505
Marketable securities and cash and cash equivalents 4,864 3,951
Total assets 34,178 34,168
Equity and liabilities

Equity 5,654 6,104
Provisions 2,700 2,368
Accounts payable to affiliated companies 23,169 22,623
Other liabilities 2,655 3,073
Total equity and liabilities 34,178 34,168
Income statement of RWE AG (abridged) 2018 2017
€ million

Income from financial assets 1,091 2,268
Net interest 391 -339
Other income and expenses -227 -345
Taxes on income =i] -172
Net profit 472 1,412
Transfer to other retained earnings -42 -490
Distributable profit 430 922



--- Page 40 ---

Combined revie

Assets. RWE AG had €34.2 billion in total assets as of

31 December 2018, just as much as in the previous year.
Major changes occurred on the assets side of the balance
sheet, e.g. a decline in accounts receivable from affiliated
companies. One reason for this was that RWE Power
transferred to us its 2017 profit, which was unusually high
due to the nuclear fuel tax refund received from the
government. There was an increase in marketable securities
and cash and cash equivalents, in part because our
subsidiary RWE Supply & Trading received substantial
amounts of collateral relating to forward transactions
involving electricity, commodities and CO, certificates (see
page 53). On the equity and liabilities side of the balance
sheet, there was a rise in provisions for pensions. A
downward adjustment to the discount rates used to calculate
the net present values of obligations and value adjustments
of the assets covering the pension obligations came to bear
here. There was a rise in liabilities to affiliated companies
arising from our obligation to assume their losses. By
contrast, other liabilities dropped, in part because we
eliminated short-term refinancing via commercial paper by
the balance-sheet date. Equity also decreased, as did the
equity ratio, in view of the unchanged amount of total
assets. As of 31 December 2018, the equity ratio was 16.5%
as opposed to 17.9% in the previous year. The special
dividend of €1 per share paid by RWE AG for fiscal 2017
played a role in the decline.

Financial position. RWE AG is set up solidly in financial
terms and has a number of flexible financing tools at its
disposal. This is reflected in our long-term credit ratings,
which are investment grade. A detailed presentation of
RWE’s financial position and financing activity in the year
under review has been made on page 51 et seqq.

Earnings position. RWE AC's earnings position deteriorated
compared to 2017. This was primarily due to factors
reflected in income from financial assets, which declined
by €1,177 million to €1,091 million. As set out earlier,
RWE Power benefited from the nuclear fuel tax refund in
fiscal 2017. This one-off effect did not recur. Moreover,
margins in conventional electricity generation and energy
trading declined.

of operations > Notes to the financial statements of RWE AG (holding company) 57

Net interest deteriorated by €52 million to -€391 million.
The main reason for this was the aforementioned value
adjustments of the assets covering the pension obligations.

The net amount from other income and expenses improved
by €118 million to -€227 million because expenses from the
reversal of deferrals in the previous year did not recur.
Burdens in the year under review resulted in part from
project costs in connection with the impending asset swap
with E.ON on which we report in detail on page 35 et seq.

With a tax expense of €1 million (previous year: €172 million),
RWE AG achieved a net profit of €472 million in fiscal 2018
(previous year: €1,412 million).

The distributable profit of €430 million corresponds to the
planned dividend payment to our shareholders. The
Supervisory Board and the Executive Board of RWE AG will
propose to the Annual General Meeting on 3 May 2019
that a dividend of €0.70 be paid per share for fiscal 2018.

Outlook for 2019. RWE AG's earnings prospects largely
depend on the business performance of its subsidiaries.
Our current assessments make us confident of being able to
achieve a net profit in 2019 that is slightly higher than in 2018.

Corporate governance declaration in accordance with
Section 289f and Section 315d of the German Commercial
Code. On 15 February 2019, the Executive Board of RWE AG
issued a corporate governance statement in accordance with
Section 289f and Section 315d of the German Commercial
Code. It is published on the internet at
www.rwe.com/corporate-governance-declaration.


--- Page 41 ---

58 RWE Annual Report 2018

1.10 PRESENTATION OF THE RWE GROUP WITH INNOGY
AS A PURE FINANCIAL INVESTMENT

Since its IPO in October 2016, our subsidiary innogy has been able to conduct its business activities independently.
Consequently, we consider it as a purely financial investment. Therefore, our company planning also considers
Group figures which better reflect this status than those determined by applying IFRS consolidation principles. We
calculate these figures by recognising innogy in the financial assets on the balance sheet and based on the dividend it
pays to us on the income statement. Adjusted EBITDA calculated in this manner amounted to €1.5 billion in 2018, which
was in line with our expectations. Net debt amounted to €2.3 billion, which was lower than we had assumed initially.

Full consolidation reflects economic status of RWE
investment in innogy only to a limited extent. Pursuant to
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) we must
include companies that are indirectly or directly controlled
by RWE AG in the Group’s financial statements on a fully
consolidated basis. This means that the income, expenses,
cash flows, assets, liabilities, etc. of these activities are
considered in the Group figures. This approach must also
be applied to our 76.8 % stake in innogy, whereas we
recognise the business activities of this company, which
will be transferred to E.ON as a result of the asset swap,
separately as ‘discontinued operations’. However, this
representation only partially reflects the manner in which
we manage our subsidiary. For us, innogy has the status
of a pure financial investment. This is documented by a
comprehensive agreement which stipulates that our
subsidiary can act independently in business matters and
that RWE AG may only exercise its influence by way of the
legally mandated bodies, i.e. the Supervisory Board and
the Annual General Meeting.

Adjusted figures. For planning purposes, we therefore
adopt a presentation that does not conform with IFRS
consolidation principles and better represents the actual
relationship between RWE AG and innogy. This involves

assigning the investment in innogy to the ‘other financial
assets’ line item on the balance sheet. The figure stated is
calculated by multiplying the number of shares we hold in
innogy with the share price of €38.40 established by the
conditions governing the impending sale to E.ON. The
Group's earnings figures consider innogy only based on
the dividend for RWE, which amounted to €683 million in
2018. In addition, the change in accounting also has an
indirect effect on our figures, because business transactions
between the rest of the Group and innogy are treated as
transactions with third parties.

Adjusted EBITDA in line with expectations. The following
is an overview of some key financial indicators calculated
applying the aforementioned method. Adjusted EBITDA
amounted to €1,521 million (prior year: €2,066 million) and
adjusted net income totalled €591 million (prior year:
€973 million). Therefore, the actual figures were within the
forecast ranges of €1.4 billion to €1.7 billion and €0.5 billion
to €0.8 billion, respectively (see page 85 of the 2017
Annual Report). Net debt amounted to €2,280 million
(prior year: €4,510 million), which was less than planned.
At the start of the year, we had anticipated a slight increase.
The significant drop was a result of unexpectedly high cash
inflows from variation margins (see page 53).

Key figures for the RWE Group including innogy as a 2018 2017 +/-
financial investment that is not fully consolidated’ %
€ million

Adjusted EBITDA 1,521 2,066 -26.4
Adjusted EBIT 953 1,474 -35.3
Income before taxes 305 2,320 -86.9
Net income 265 2,160 -87.7
Adjusted net income 591 973 -39.3
Net financial assets 9,266 6,070 52.7
Net debt 2,280 4,510 -49.4

1 Figures not calculated according to IFRS requirements. In addition to recognising innogy as a financial investment, this relates to the following items: supply and service
agreements of the rest of the Group with innogy have all been accounted for as executory contracts, although they would have had to be measured at fair value. We have not
formed provisions for contingent losses from these transactions. Figures for supply and service relationships with external third parties and associated provisions have been
accounted for as in the IFRS consolidated financial statements. The same applies to the accounting effects of hedges and deferred taxes.


--- Page 42 ---

Combined r

f operations > Disclosure relating to German takeover law

59

1.11 DISCLOSURE RELATING TO GERMAN TAKEOVER LAW

The following disclosure is in accordance with Section 315a, Paragraph 1 and Section 289a, Paragraph 1 of the German
Commercial Code as well as with Section 176, Paragraph 1, Sentence 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act. The
information relates to company-specific regulations, for example relating to adjustments to the capital structure by
the Executive Board or a change of control of the company. At RWE, these provisions are in line with the standards of

German listed companies.

Composition of subscribed capital. RWE AG's subscribed
capital consists of 575,745,499 no-par-value common shares
and 39,000,000 no-par-value preferred shares without voting
rights, each in the name of the bearer. They account for 93.7%
and 6.3 % of the subscribed capital, respectively. Holders of
preferred shares are given priority when distributable profit
is distributed. Pursuant to the Articles of Incorporation, it is
appropriated in the following order:

1) to make any back payments on shares of the profit allocable
to preferred shares from preceding years,

2) to pay a preferred share of the profit of €0.13 per preferred
share,

3) to pay the share of the profit allocable to common shares
of up to €0.13 per common share, and

4) to make equal payments of potential further portions of
the profit allocable to common and preferred shares,
unless the Annual General Meeting decides in favour of a
different appropriation.

The composition of the subscribed capital and the rights and
obligations of the shareholders comply with the requirements
of the law and the Articles of Incorporation.

Shares in capital accounting for more than 10% of voting
rights. As of 31 December 2018, no holding in RWE AG
exceeded 10% of the voting rights.

Limitation of share transfers. Within the scope of the
employee share plan of RWE AG, 196,560 RWE common shares
were issued to employees in the financial year that just
ended. These securities must be held until 31 December 2019.

Last year, employee stock purchase plans were also launched
for the first time in the United Kingdom. Employees of

RWE Generation UK plc, RWE Technology UK Limited and
RWE Supply & Trading GmbH UK Branch qualified for them.
A total of 29,452 RWE common shares were purchased under
these plans. These shares are subject to a five-year holding
period starting from their respective issue dates.

Appointment and dismissal of Executive Board members/
amendments to the Articles of Incorporation. Executive
Board members are appointed and dismissed in accordance
with Section 84 et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act
in conjunction with Section 31 of the German Co-Determination
Act. Amendments to the Articles of Incorporation are made
pursuant to Section 179 et seqq. of the German Stock
Corporation Act in conjunction with Article 16, Paragraph 6
of the Articles of Incorporation of RWE AG. According to
the aforementioned provision in the Articles of Incorporation,
unless otherwise required by law or the Articles of
Incorporation, the Annual General Meeting shall adopt all
resolutions by a simple majority of the votes cast or - if a capital
majority is required - by the simple majority of the capital
stock represented when the resolution is passed. Pursuant
to Article 10, Paragraph 9 of the Articles of Incorporation,
the Supervisory Board is authorised to pass resolutions in
favour of amendments to the Articles of Incorporation that
only concern the wording without changing the content.

RWE AG authorisation to implement share buybacks.
Pursuant to a resolution passed by the Annual General
Meeting on 26 April 2018, RWE AG is authorised to buy back
up to 10% of its capital stock as of the entry into force of
said resolution or - if this figure is lower - at the exercise of
this authorisation in shares of any kind until 25 April 2023.
At the Executive Board's discretion, the acquisition shall be
made on the stock exchange or via a public purchase offer.

Shares purchased in this way may then be cancelled.
Furthermore, they may be transferred to third parties or
sold otherwise in connection with mergers or acquisitions of
companies, parts of companies, operations, or of stakes in
companies. Shares that are not sold on the stock exchange
or through a tender to all shareholders may only be sold for
cash. Moreover, in such cases, the sale price may not be
significantly lower than the price at which the shares are
listed on the stock market. The company may transfer
shares bought back to the holders of option or convertible
bonds and also use the shares to fulfil its obligations
resulting from employee share schemes. In the aforementioned
cases, shareholder subscription rights are waived. These
authorisations may be exercised in full or in part, or once or
several times for partial amounts.


--- Page 43 ---

60 RWE Annual R

Executive Board authorisation to issue new shares.
Pursuant to the resolution passed by the Annual General
Meeting on 26 April 2018, the Executive Board is authorised
to increase the company’s capital stock, subject to the
Supervisory Board's approval, by up to €314,749,693.44 until
25 April 2023, through the issuance of up to 122,949,099 new
bearer common shares in return for contributions in cash or
in kind (authorised capital). These authorisations may be
exercised in full or in part, or once or several times for partial
amounts.

In principle, shareholders are entitled to subscription rights.
However, subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board,
the Executive Board may waive them in the following cases:
they may be waived in order to prevent the number of shares
allocated from the subscription resulting in fractional
amounts (fractions of shares). Subscription rights may also
be waived in order to issue shares in exchange for contributions
in kind for the purposes of mergers or acquisitions of
companies, parts of companies, operations, or of stakes in
companies. Subscription rights may be waived in the event
of a cash capital increase if the price at which the new shares
are issued is not significantly lower than the price at which
shares are quoted on the stock market and the portion of
the capital stock accounted for by the new shares, for which
subscription rights are waived, does not exceed 10% in total.
Furthermore, subscription rights may be waived in order to
offer shares to potential holders of convertible or option
bonds commensurate to the rights to which they would be
entitled on conversion of the bond or on exercise of the option.

The Executive Board is authorised, subject to the approval of
the Supervisory Board, to determine the further details and
conditions of the share issuance.

In sum, the capital stock may not be increased by more
than 20% through the issuance of new shares waiving
subscription rights.

Effects of a change of control on debt financing. Our
debt financing instruments often contain clauses that take
effect in the event of a change of control. The following rule
applies to a residual amount of a senior bond remaining with
RWE AG after the transfer of debt to innogy: in the event of
a change of control in conjunction with a drop in RWE AG's
credit rating below investment-grade status, creditors may
demand immediate redemption. In such cases, RWE AG has
the right to cancel its subordinated hybrid bonds within the
defined change of control period; if this does not occur, the
annual compensation payable on the hybrid bonds increases
by 500 basis points.

RWE AG's €3 billion syndicated credit line also includes a
change-of-control clause, which essentially has the following
content: in the event of a change of control or majority at RWE,
drawings are suspended until further notice. The lenders
shall enter into negotiations with us on a continuation of the
credit line. Should we fail to reach an agreement with the
majority of them within 30 days from such a change of
control, the lenders may cancel the line of credit. A similar
rule applies to the credit line we were granted in connection
with the temporary acquisition of the 50.04% stake in
innogy Grid Holding (see page 39).

Effects of a change of control on Executive Board and
executive remuneration. Members of the Executive Board of
RWE AG have the special right to terminate their employment
contract in the event that shareholders or third parties obtain
control over the company and this would be linked to
significant disadvantages for them. In such a case, they are
free to resign from their position within six months of the
change of control with cause by giving three months’ notice.
In addition, they can request the termination of their
employment contract and receive a one-off payment.

The amount of the one-off payment shall correspond to
the compensation that would have been due until the end
of the contractually agreed term of service, but no more
than three times the total contractual annual remuneration.
Share-based payment is not included in this. This is in line
with the current recommendations of the German
Corporate Governance Code.

The Strategic Performance Plan presented on page 64 et seq.
stipulates for the Executive Board and executives of RWE AG
and subordinated associated companies that in the event
of a change of control the granted performance shares,
which have already been finally determined but not yet paid
out, shall be paid out early. The payout amount shall
correspond to the number of performance shares multiplied
by the sum of the average closing price of the RWE common
share on the last 30 trading days prior to the announcement
of the change of control and the amount of dividend paid
out per share until then, calculated starting from the time
when the number of performance shares was finally granted.
All performance shares granted on a preliminary basis at the
time of the change of control shall expire without
replacement or compensation.


--- Page 44 ---

of operations > Remuneration report

1.12 REMUNERATION REPORT

61

Performance-oriented and transparent supervisory and management board remuneration are fundamental to good
corporate governance. This is ascribed great importance in particular by institutional investors. In this chapter, we
have provided information on the structure and level of the remuneration of the Supervisory Board and Executive
Board of RWE AG. In addition to the requirements of German stock corporation and commercial law, we also consider
the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code concerning the design and presentation of

remuneration systems.

Structure of Supervisory Board remuneration

Fundamentals. The remuneration of the Supervisory Board
is governed by the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation
of RWE AG. Accordingly, the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board receives fixed remuneration of €300,000 per fiscal year.
His Deputy receives €200,000 per fiscal year. The other
members of the Supervisory Board receive fixed remuneration
of €100,000 and additional compensation for committee
mandates according to the following rules.

Members of the Audit Committee receive additional
remuneration of €40,000. This payment is increased to
€80,000 for the Chair of this committee. With the exception
of the Nomination Committee, the members of which do not
receive additional remuneration, the members and the Chairs
of all the other Supervisory Board committees receive an
additional €20,000 and €40,000 in remuneration, respectively.
Remuneration for a committee mandate is only paid if the
committee is active at least once in the fiscal year.

Supervisory Board members who concurrently hold several
offices in this body only receive compensation for the highest-
paid position. Remuneration is prorated if a Supervisory Board
member only performs a function for part of a fiscal year.

Level of Supervisory Board remuneration

Remuneration for fiscal 2018. In total, the remuneration
of the Supervisory Board (excluding out-of-pocket
expenses) amounted to €3,480,000 in fiscal 2018 (previous
year: €3,637,000). Of this sum, €460,000 (previous year:

In addition to the remuneration paid, out-of-pocket expenses
are refunded to the members of the Supervisory Board.
Some Supervisory Board members also receive income from
the exercise of Supervisory Board mandates at subsidiaries
of RWE AG.

The members of the Supervisory Board imposed on
themselves the obligation, subject to any commitment to
relinquish their pay, to use 25 % of the total compensation
paid (before taxes) to buy RWE shares and to hold them for
the duration of their membership of the Supervisory Board of
RWE AG. Last year, all of the members who do not relinquish
their compensation met this self-imposed obligation for their
compensation for 2017. For the new members who joined the
Board in 2018, this self-imposed obligation applies for the
first time to the remuneration for fiscal 2018, which was
paid out at the start of fiscal 2019.

€459,000) was remuneration paid for mandates on
committees of the Supervisory Board and €720,000
(previous year: €877,000) was remuneration paid for
mandates at subsidiaries.


--- Page 45 ---

62 RWE Annual Report 2018

The remuneration of all individuals who have served on the

Supervisory Board in 2017 and/or 2018 is shown in the

following table.

Supervisory Board remuneration’

€ ‘000

Fixed remuneration

Remuneration for
committee offices

Remuneration for
mandates at subsidiaries”

Total remuneration®

Dr. Werner Brandt, Chairman

Frank Bsirske, Deputy Chairman

Michael Bochinsky (since 1 August 2018)

Reiner Bohle

Sandra Bossemeyer

Martin Broker (since 1 September 2018)

Ute Gerbaulet (since 27 April 2017)

Reinhold Gispert
(27 April 2017 to 31 July 2018)

Arno Hahn (until 27 April 2017)

Andreas Henrich (until 31 August 2018)

Prof. Dr. Hans-Peter Keitel

Dr. h.c. Monika Kircher

Martina Koederitz
(20 April 2016 to 27 April 2017)

Monika Krebber

Harald Louis

Dagmar Miihlenfeld

Peter Ottmann

Giinther Schartz

Dr. Erhard Schipporeit

Dr. Wolfgang Schiissel

Ullrich Sierau

Ralf Sikorski

Marion Weckes

Leonhard Zubrowski

Total?

2017

300

200

100
100

68

68
32
100
100
100

32
100
100

100

100
100
100
100
100

100

100
100

2,301

2018 2017

20
20

26
13

20

20
20
20
20
20
80
40
40
40
40
20
459

2018 2017
300
200

120

38
67
40

50

30
877

2018 2017
600
400
240
120

68

108

63
100
120
100

fal
187
160
120
120
120
180
140
140
190
140
150
3,637

1. Supervisory Board members who joined or retired from the corporate body during the year receive prorated remuneration.
2. Remuneration for exercising mandates at subsidiaries is only included for periods of membership of the Supervisory Board of RWE AG.
3. The commercial rounding of certain figures can result in inaccurate sums.


--- Page 46 ---

Combined revie s > Remuneration report

Structure of Executive Board remuneration

Executive Board remuneration. The structure and level of
the Executive Board's remuneration are determined by the
Supervisory Board of RWE AG and reviewed on a regular
basis to determine whether they are appropriate and in line
with the market. The remuneration system described in the
following has been applied since 1 October 2016. It is made
up of non-performance-based and performance-based
components. The former consists of the fixed salary, the
pension instalment as well as fringe benefits. The
performance-based components include the bonus and a
share-based payment, the latter of which is a long-term
compensation component.

63

Recipients of Executive Board remuneration. In the
financial year that just ended, Rolf Martin Schmitz and
Markus Krebber received compensation for their work on
the Executive Board of RWE AG. Rolf Martin Schmitz has
been a member of the Executive Board since 1 May 2009
and its Chairman since 15 October 2016. His tenure on the
Executive Board expires on 30 June 2021. Markus Krebber
was appointed to this corporate body for an initial period of
three years with effect from 1 October 2016 and has been in
charge of finance since 15 October 2016. In December 2018,
his appointment was extended by five years through to
30 September 2024.

Non-performance-based Executive Board remuneration

Fixed compensation and pension instalments. The
members of the Executive Board of RWE AG receive a fixed
annual salary, which is paid in twelve monthly instalments.
As a second fixed remuneration component, they are entitled
to a pension instalment for every year of service, which is
determined on an individual basis, unless - as is the case
with Rolf Martin Schmitz - they belonged to the Executive
Board before the pension instalment was introduced and
have therefore received a pension commitment (see page 67).

The pension instalment is paid in cash or retained in part
or in full in exchange for a pension commitment of equal
value through a gross compensation conversion. RWE has
concluded a reinsurance policy to finance the pension
commitment. The accumulated capital may be drawn upon

on retirement, but not before the Executive Board member

turns 62. Members of the Executive Board of RWE reach the
established age limit when they are 63 years old. They can

be reappointed for one year at a time thereafter, but may

not hold office beyond their 65" birthday.

When retiring, Executive Board members can choose a
one-time payment or a maximum of nine instalments. They
and their surviving dependants do not receive any further
benefits. Vested retirement benefits from earlier activities
within the RWE Group remain unaffected by this.

Fringe benefits. Non-performance-based compensation
components also include fringe benefits, primarily consisting
of company cars and accident insurance premiums.

Performance-based Executive Board remuneration

Bonus. Executive Board members receive a bonus which is
based on the economic performance of the company and
the degree to which they achieve their individual goals and
the collective goals of the Executive Board. The starting
point for calculating the bonus is what is referred to as the
‘company bonus’, which depends on the level of adjusted
EBIT (EBIT minus the non-operating result) and is determined
as set out in the next paragraph.

The Supervisory Board sets a target as well as a floor and a
ceiling for adjusted EBIT at the beginning of every fiscal
year. After the end of the fiscal year, the actual level of
adjusted EBIT achieved is compared with the target figure. If
the figures are identical, the target achievement is 100%. In
this case, the company bonus equals the contractually
agreed baseline bonus. If adjusted EBIT is exactly at the
pre-defined floor, target achievement is 50 %; if it is at the


--- Page 47 ---

64 RWE Annual R

ceiling, target achievement is 150%. Target achievement is
adjusted linearly if adjusted EBIT is between the two limits.
If it is below the floor, no company bonus is paid. If the
ceiling is exceeded, the maximum target achievement
remains 150%. The rules of the remuneration system for
the Executive Board stipulate that the Supervisory Board
may make adjustments to adjusted EBIT. Such adjustments
can relate to gains on disposals, changes in provisions, as
well as impairments and their consequences.

The performance of each Executive Board member is
considered by multiplying the company bonus by a
performance factor. It may vary between 0.8 and 1.2. The
value achieved depends on the following criteria, each of
which is weighted by one-third: (1) achievement of individual
targets, (2) collective performance of the Executive Board,
and (3) performance in corporate responsibility (CR) and
employee motivation. Success in CR depends on the
achievement of environmental and social goals and is
documented in our sustainability reporting. Employee
motivation is measured with a motivation index, which is
based on anonymous surveys of employee commitment
and satisfaction.

After the end of every fiscal year, the Supervisory Board
evaluates the individual performance of the Executive Board
members relative to the three criteria above and determines
their individual performance factor. This is done in line with
the binding goals and targets which it sets at the beginning
of the financial year. The bonus determined in this manner is
paid out in full to the Executive Board members after the
end of the fiscal year.

Adjusted EBIT, the target figure used to determine the
company bonus, was revised per a Supervisory Board
resolution of September 2018. In the past, innogy SE, in
which we hold a 76.8% stake, was considered as a fully
consolidated subsidiary in determining EBIT, in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). As
set out on page 40, the envisaged asset swap with E.ON
required methodological accounting adjustments to be made,
as a result of which adjusted EBIT according to the old
definition no longer exists. When measuring performance, we
now use an adjusted EBIT that reflects RWE’s current situation
better and is determined on a continuous basis. In so doing,
deviating from IFRS consolidation principles, innogy is
considered as a purely financial investment. More detailed
information on this approach can be found on page 58. The
change in the composition of adjusted EBIT made it necessary
to revise the target parameter for performance measurement
retrospectively. This was decided by the Supervisory Board of
RWE AG in September 2018.

The German Corporate Governance Code (GCGC) recommends
prohibiting retrospective changes to performance targets and
reference parameters (Item 4.2.3, Paragraph 2, Sentence 8).
In our Declaration of Compliance, which was published on
21 September 2018, we stated that we deviated from the
Code in this point. However, we do not believe that we acted
contrary to the basic intention of the recommendation, as
the update to the target figures was methodological in nature
and occasioned by German stock corporation law.

Share-based payment. Executive Board members are
granted a share-based payment according to RWE AG's
Strategic Performance Plan (SPP). The SPP rewards the
achievement of long-term goals. The key determinants of
success are the level of adjusted net income and the
performance of the RWE common share (return on share
price development and dividend) over a period of several
years. The link between compensation and the development
of the share price over the long term motivates the Executive
Board to consider the interests of the company’s owners
when taking decisions.

The SPP is based on conditionally granted performance
shares. Performance shares are granted as of 1 January of
every fiscal year. The SPP’s conditions envisage a transitional
tranche in fiscal 2016 (year of introduction) and three more
regular tranches for 2017, 2018 and 2019. The Executive
Board members receive a grant letter for each tranche, in
which they are informed of their personal gross allocation
amount. The preliminary number of performance shares is
calculated by dividing the grant amount by the average
closing quotation of the RWE share over the last 30 days of
trading on Xetra before the grant.

The granted performance shares have a term of four years
(vesting period). After the end of the first year, the number
of fully granted performance shares is determined. It
depends on the adjusted net income achieved by RWE for
the year. The actual figure is compared to a pre-defined
target figure. The procedure is similar to the approach taken
when determining the company bonus. The Supervisory
Board pre-defines a target, a floor and a ceiling for adjusted
net income, orienting itself towards the approved medium-
term plan in doing so. If the target figure is achieved exactly,
100 % of the conditionally granted performance shares of
the tranche is fully allocated. If adjusted net income is
exactly at the floor, 50 % of the conditionally granted
performance shares is fully allocated; if it is at the ceiling,
the final grant amounts to 150%. If adjusted net income is
below the floor, all of the conditionally granted performance
shares from the tranche lapse. If the ceiling is exceeded, the
maximum grant remains 150%.


--- Page 48 ---

Combined review of operations > Remuneration report

The fully vested performance shares are fully paid out in
cash to the Executive Board member after the end of the
four-year vesting period. The level of the payment depends
on the performance of the RWE common share. It corresponds
to the final number of performance shares multiplied by the
sum of the average closing quotation of the RWE common
share over the last 30 days of trading on Xetra before the
end of the vesting period and the cumulative dividend paid
during the holding period. However, a cap applies in this case
as well: even in the event of an extremely good share
performance, the payment is limited to a maximum of 200%
of the initial gross grant amount.

The members of the Executive Board are obliged to reinvest
25% of the payment (after taxes) in RWE shares. The shares
must be held until at least the end of the third year after
conclusion of the vesting period.

The performance shares remain unaffected after an
Executive Board member leaves the body at the end of
their contract and are paid out as planned at the end of the
vesting period. If an Executive Board member voluntarily
leaves the company early or is dismissed with good cause,
all performance shares which have not yet reached the end
of the plan’s duration lapse. The SPP also contains a
provision which gives the Supervisory Board the power to
punish infractions by Executive Board members, for example
serious violations of the company’s Code of Conduct, by
reducing or completely voiding ongoing SPP tranches.

In 2016, the Supervisory Board established target figures
for adjusted net income for the planned SPP tranches (2016
to 2019). As part of this, the aforementioned ceilings and
floors were also determined. The SPP conditions stipulate
that the Supervisory Board may retrospectively adjust the
target and threshold values only to a very limited extent in
precisely defined cases. Such adjustments are permissible
if they take account of the effects of capital measures,
acquisitions, divestments and regulatory changes, which
were not yet known or unforeseeable when the figures were
determined. As set out in the commentary on the bonus, in
2018, we changed the method used to determine the
figures due to the envisaged asset swap with E.ON. This also
affected adjusted net income, which we had derived from
the IFRS net income in the past and now determine in the
manner described on page 58, i.e. by considering innogy as
a pure financial investment. Accordingly, the target figures
for adjusted net income for the 2018 and 2019 SPP tranches
were also adjusted retrospectively.

65

We published information on this deviation from the
German Corporate Governance Code in the aforementioned
statement of compliance on 21 September 2018.

Remuneration for exercising mandates. During the past
fiscal year, members of the RWE AG Executive Board were
paid to exercise supervisory board mandates at affiliates.
This income is deducted from the bonus and therefore does
not increase the total remuneration.

Shares of total remuneration accounted for by the
individual components. Assuming that both the company
and the Executive Board members achieve their performance
targets to a degree of 100%, the compensation structure
roughly breaks down as follows: the base salary accounts for
around 30% of total remuneration. Approximately 30 % is
allocable to short-term variable remuneration, i.e. the
bonus. As a long-term compensation component, the SPP
accounts for about 40 % of total remuneration.

Limitation of Executive Board remuneration. As set out
earlier, the level of variable compensation components is
limited. The company bonus amounts to a maximum of
150% of the contractually agreed bonus budget. Multiplying
this by the individual performance factor (0.8 to 1.2), it is
possible to reach a maximum of 180% of the bonus budget.
With regard to share-based payment under the SPP, payout
of the performance shares after the completion of the
vesting period is limited to a maximum of 200 % of the grant
budget. Due to the above maximum values, there is also a
cap on total compensation (see diagram overleaf).


--- Page 49 ---

66 RWE Annual Report 2018

Range of Executive Board remuneration

Ceiling: 164%

Strategic
Performance Plan 80%
(Maximum: 200%)

Budget: 100%

Strategic
/ Performance
/ Plan (100%)

Bonus
(Maximum: 180%)

54%

Floor: 30%

Fixed salary Fixed salary Fixed salary

Payment dates. Executive Board members receive their year vesting period, the performance shares from the SPP
fixed salary in twelve monthly instalments. The pension are paid out during the month of the Annual General
instalment is paid out at the end of the year, insofar as it is Meeting held in the following year. As explained earlier,
not converted into a pension commitment. After the fiscal Executive Board members must invest 25 % of the payment
year, the Supervisory Board determines the target in RWE common shares and may not liquidate these shares
achievement for the company bonus and the individual until after three additional calendar years have passed from
performance factor. The bonus is paid out in the month of completion of the four-year vesting period. As a result, it
the Annual General Meeting (AGM) which attends to the takes a total of seven years for Executive Board members to
financial statements of RWE AG. After the end of the four- obtain the full amount of their compensation.

Executive Board remuneration payment timeline for a fiscal year

Strategic
Performance
Plan

Bonus

Payment in the
month in which

-I-N

Payment in the

Pension ae
1 month in which the AGM is held
testalment the AGM is held
25% reinvestment
~~ in RWE shares
Fixed salary |

End of the
minimum fe
holding period

Fiscal year Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 Year 6 Year 7



--- Page 50 ---

Combined review of operations > Remuneration report

Pension scheme. Until the introduction of the pension
instalment as of 1 January 2011 described earlier, pension
benefits were granted to the members of the Executive
Board. Of the Executive Board members in 2018, this only
applies to Rolf Martin Schmitz; the pension commitment
made to him in 2009 will remain unchanged. It entitles him
to life-long retirement benefits in the event of retirement
from the Executive Board of RWE AG upon turning 59,
permanent disability, early termination or non-extension of
his employment contract by the company. In the event of
death, his surviving dependants are entitled to benefits.
The amount of Rolf Martin Schmitz’s qualifying income and
the level of benefits determined by the duration of service
are taken as a basis for his individual pension and surviving
dependants’ benefits.

Change of control. If shareholders or third parties obtain
control over the company and this results in major
disadvantages for the Executive Board members, they have
a special right of termination. They have the right to resign
from the Executive Board and to request that their
employment contract be terminated in combination with a
one-off payment within six months of the change of control.

A change of control as defined by this provision occurs when
one or several shareholders or third parties acting jointly
account for at least 30 % of the voting rights in the company,

Level of Executive Board remuneration

Total amount of the remuneration components for 2018.
The following section presents the remuneration granted to
the Executive Board members of RWE AG for their work in
fiscal 2018. It was calculated in compliance with the rules
set out in the German Commercial Code.

Total Executive Board compensation for the past fiscal year
amounted to €6,880,000. The previous year’s figure was
€7,274,000 and included the emoluments of Uwe Tigges, who
resigned from the Executive Board at the end of April 2017.

In 2018, non-performance-based components, i.e. the fixed
salary of the Executive Board members, fringe benefits and
the pension instalment, amounted to €2,246,000 (previous
year: €2,342,000). Pursuant to the German Commercial
Code, the annual service cost of the pension commitment to
Rolf Martin Schmitz is not recognised as remuneration, as
opposed to the pension instalment of €300,000 paid to
Markus Krebber (previous year: €255,000).

67

or if any of the aforementioned can exert a controlling
influence on the company in another manner. A change of
control also occurs if the company is merged with another
legal entity, unless the value of the other legal entity is less
than 50 % of the value of RWE AG.

On termination of their employment contract, Executive
Board members receive a one-off payment equalling the
compensation due until the end of the term of their contract:
however, this amount will not be higher than three times
their total contractual annual remuneration. The share-based
payments under the SPP are not included in this payment.

In the event of a change of control, all of the fully granted
performance shares under the SPP that have not been paid
out are paid out early. All performance shares granted under
the SPP on a preliminary basis lapse on the date of the
change of control.

Early termination of Executive Board mandate and
severance cap. Following a recommendation of the GCGC,
the Executive Board’s employment contracts include a
provision stipulating that if an Executive Board mandate is
otherwise terminated early without due cause, a severance
payment of no more than the remuneration due until the
end of the employment contract and no more than two total
annual compensations including fringe benefits is made
(severance cap).

In 2018, performance-based components amounted to a
total of €4,634,000 (previous year: €4,932,000). Of this,
€2,284,000 (previous year: €2,365,000) was attributable to
the bonus for fiscal 2018 paid directly and €2,350,000
(previous year: €2,567,000) to the allocation of performance
shares under the SPP.

As set out on page 64, last year we started calculating
adjusted EBIT, the yardstick for determining the level of
the bonus, using a new method that considers innogy as a
purely financial investment. Therefore, the target for 2018
was adjusted retrospectively, to €831 million (target
achievement of 100%) with a floor of €131 million (target
achievement of 50%) and a ceiling of €1,531 million
(target achievement of 150%). The new figures were also
determined on the basis of the medium-term planning
prepared in 2017. We actually achieved adjusted EBIT of
€953 million. The adjusted EBIT figure was adjusted by
-€49 million to €904 million. The adjustment relates to
changes in the amortisation periods of certain assets and


--- Page 51 ---

68 RWE Annual 2018

valuation effects regarding provisions. The adjustment leads
to a target achievement of 105% for the company bonus.

Calculation of the 2018 company bonus

Adjusted EBIT Target achievement

€ million %
Target 831 100
Floor 131 50
Ceiling 1,531 150
Actual 953 -
Adjustments’ -49 -
Adjusted actual 904 105

1. See commentary above.

As set out above, the company bonus resulting from this
target achievement is multiplied by a personal performance
factor. Based on the assessment of the personal goals, the
collective performance of the Executive Board as a whole as
well as the targets relating to corporate responsibility and
employee motivation, the Supervisory Board set the
performance factor for Rolf Martin Schmitz and Markus Krebber
at 1.2. This results in a bonus of 126 % of the contractually
agreed budget. The Supervisory Board acknowledged that
the Executive Board made better progress than expected in
implementing the strategic and financial goals established in
advance. In particular, the substantial progress made in

transforming RWE into a leading renewable energy company
was recognised. On the whole, feedback from the capital
market on the initiated transformation of the company has
been positive. The annual employee opinion survey proves
that personnel motivation improved even further from a
level that was already high, despite the challenging
environment.

The following table summarises the short-term remuneration
paid in accordance with the German Commercial Code for
fiscal 2018.

Short-term Executive Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz Dr. Markus Krebber Uwe Tigges Total

Board remuneration until 30 April 2017

€ ‘000 2018 2017 2018 2017 2018 2017 2018 2017
Non-performance-based remuneration

Fixed remuneration 1,160 960 750 750 - 250 1,910 1,960
Fringe benefits

(company car,

accident insurance) 20 15 16 20 2 7 36 42
Other payments

(pension instalments) 2 - 300 255 2 85 300 340
Total 1,180 975 1,066 1,025 S 342 2,246 2,342
Performance-based remuneration

Direct bonus payment 1,271 1,168 718 643 - 213 1,989 2,024
Remuneration for

mandates’ 115 138 180 203 - - 295 341
Bonus 1,386 1,306 898 846 S 213 2,284 2,365
Total 2,566 2,281 1,964 1,871 S 555 4,530 4,707

1 In 2018, the remuneration for exercising intragroup supervisory board offices was fully set off against the bonus.


--- Page 52 ---

Combined review of operations > Remuneration report

Share-based payment according to the Strategic
Performance Plan. In fiscal 2018, Rolf Martin Schmitz and
Markus Krebber were granted performance shares under the
SPP of RWE AG (see the following overview). The main factor
in determining the ratio of the number of performance
shares granted on a preliminary basis to the final number
of performance shares granted was adjusted net income in
fiscal 2018. The target figure (€49 million) was derived from
the 2016 medium-term plan and corresponds to an
allocation of 100%. The floor is -€351 million, and the

69

ceiling is €449 million. Similar to adjusted EBIT, a downward
adjustment to €233 million was made to the figure actually
achieved (€591 million). Accordingly, the allocation was

123 %. The adjustments were made pursuant to the SPP
conditions in order to eliminate unplanned exceptional
effects. For example, we recognised substantial impairments
for power plants in the 2016 consolidated financial
statements, which had not been included in the medium-term
plan at the time and have resulted in a significant decrease
in depreciation. We eliminated this effect on depreciation.

Calculation of the 2018 tranche of the

Adjusted net income Target achievement

Strategic Performance Plan € million %
Target 49 100
Floor -351 50
Ceiling 449 150
Actual 591 -
Adjustments’ -358 -
Adjusted actual 233 123
1. See commentary above.

Long-term incentive payment Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz Dr. Markus Krebber

Strategic Performance Plan

Tranche Year 2018 2017 2016 2018 2017 2016
Company RWE AG RWE AG RWE AG RWE AG RWE AG RWE AG
Grant date 1 Jan 2018 1 Jan 2017 1 Jan 2016 1 Jan 2018 1 Jan 2017 1 Jan 2016
Fair value at grant date €'000 1,250 1,250 769 1,100 988 247
Share price (average) € 18.80 11.62 13.78 18.80 11.62 13.78
Number of performance shares

allocated on a provisional basis 66,489 107,573 55,787 58,511 84,983 17,915
Measurement date of

performance conditions 31 Dec 2018 31 Dec 2017 31 Dec 2017 31 Dec 2018 31 Dec 2017 31 Dec 2017
Target achievement in relation

to adjusted net income % 123 115 115 123 115 115
Final number of fully granted

performance shares 81,781 123,709 64,155 71,969 97,730 20,602
End of the vesting period 31 Dec 2021 31 Dec 2020 31 Dec 2019 31 Dec 2021 31 Dec 2020 31 Dec 2019



--- Page 53 ---

70 RV

Annual Report 2018

Long-term incentive payment Uwe Tigges

Strategic Performance Plan until 30 April 2017

Tranche Year 2018 2017 2016
Company innogy SE innogy SE innogy SE
Grant date 1 Jan 2018 1 Jan 2017 1 Jan 2016
Fair value at grant date € ‘000 - 329 706
Share price (average) € = 32.07 37.13
Number of performance shares allocated on a provisional basis - 10,264 19,021
Measurement date of performance conditions - 31 Dec 2017 31 Dec 2017
Target achievement in relation to adjusted net income % - 88 88
Final number of fully granted performance shares - 9,032 16,738
End of the vesting period 2 31 Dec 2020 31 Dec 2019
The table below shows the level of provisions formed for

share-based payment obligations under the SPP.

Addition of provisions for long-term share-based incentive payments. 2018 2017
€'000

Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz 1,413 592
Dr. Markus Krebber 934 393
Uwe Tigges (until 30 April 2017) = 124
Total 2,347 1,109

Obligations under the former pension scheme. The
service cost of pension obligations to Rolf Martin Schmitz
amounted to €536,000 in 2018 (previous year: €538,000).
This is not a remuneration component in accordance with
the German Commercial Code. As of year-end, the net
present value of the defined benefit obligation determined
in accordance with IFRS amounted to €13,370,000 (previous
year: €12,391,000). The present value of the pension
obligation determined according to the German Commercial
Code totalled €10,534,000 (previous year: €9,287,000). The
pension obligation for 2018 increased by €1,248,000
(previous year: decrease of €607,000).

Based on the emoluments qualifying for a pension as of

31 December 2018, the projected annual pension of

Rolf Martin Schmitz on retiring from the company as of
the expiry of his appointment amounted to €556,000
(unchanged from the previous year). This includes vested
pension benefits due from former employers transferred to
RWE AG.


--- Page 54 ---

Combined review of operations > Remuneration report

71

Recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code

According to the version of the GCGC published on

7 February 2017, the total remuneration of management
board members comprises the monetary compensation
elements, pension commitments, other awards, fringe
benefits of all kinds and benefits from third parties which
were granted or paid in the financial year with regard to
management board work. Item 4.2.5, Paragraph 3 of the
Code lists the compensation components that should be
disclosed. Unlike under German commercial law, according
to the GCGC the annual service cost of pension benefits is
also part of total remuneration.

The GCGC provides specific examples for the recommended
presentation of management board compensation based on
model tables, which distinguishes between ‘benefits
granted’ and ‘benefits received’.

According to the GCGC, benefits or compensation are
granted when a binding commitment to such is made to
the management board member. In deviation from
German commercial law, it is not relevant to what extent
the management board member has already provided the
services being remunerated.

* The term ‘benefits received’ defines the extent to which
the management board member has already received
payments. In this regard, the relevant aspect is the time at
which the amount being paid is sufficiently certain and
not the actual time of the payment.

This distinction made in the Code can be illustrated with
the example of the bonus: the contractually agreed and
promised budgeted bonus for the fiscal year in question is
considered ‘granted’. Conversely, the benefits received
table shows the bonus level which will actually be paid with
a high degree of probability. In this regard, it is irrelevant
that the payment will not be made until the following year.
The payment date is deemed to have been reached when
the indicators and results needed to determine target
achievement (and therefore the bonus) are known with
sufficient certainty. The Code assumes that this is already
the case at the end of the year. As a result, the Executive
Board bonuses are stated in the reporting year in the benefits
received table.

In the following, we present the compensation of the
Executive Board of RWE AG based on the sample tables
recommended by the GCGC.

Benefits granted

Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz
Chief Executive Officer
since 15 October 2016

Dr. Markus Krebber
Chief Financial Officer
since 15 October 2016

2017 2018 2018 2018 2017 2018 2018 2018
€ 000 (Min) (Max) (Min) (Max)
Fixed remuneration 960 1,160 1,160 1,160 750 750 750 750
Pension instalment - - - - 255 300 300 300
Fringe benefits 15 20 20 20 20 16 16 16
Total fixed remuneration 975 1,180 1,180 1,180 1,025 1,066 1,066 1,066
‘One-year variable remuneration 1,100 1,100 0 1,980 713 713 0 1,283

Bonus 1,100 1,100 0 1,980 713 713 0 1,283
Multi-year variable remuneration 1,250 1,250 0 2,500 988 1,100 0 2,200

SPP 2017 tranche

(term: 2017-2020) 1,250 2 - - 988 2 - -

SPP 2018 tranche

(term: 2018-2021) - 1,250 0 2,500 - 1,100 0 2,200
Total variable remuneration 2,350 2,350 0 4,480 1,701 1,813 0 3,483
Total 3,325 3,530 1,180 5,660 2,726 2,879 1,066 4,549
Service cost 538 536 536 536 - - - -
Total remuneration 3,863 4,066 1,716 6,196 2,726 2,879 1,066 4,549



--- Page 55 ---

72 RWE Annual Report 2018

Benefits received

€ ‘000

Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz
Chief Executive Officer
since 15 October 2016

Dr. Markus Krebber
Chief Financial Officer
since 15 October 2016

Fixed remuneration

Pension instalment

Fringe benefits

Total fixed remuneration

One-year variable remuneration

Bonus!

Multi-year variable remuneration

Total variable remuneration

Total

Service cost

Total remuneration

2018 2017

960
15
975
1,306
1,306
0
1,306
2,281
538
2,819

2018

2017

750

255

20

1,025

846
846

846

1,871

1,871

1. The bonus includes remuneration for exercising intragroup supervisory board offices; also see the table “Short-term Executive Board remuneration’ on page 68.


--- Page 56 ---

Combined review of operations > Development of risks and opportunities

73

1.13 DEVELOPMENT OF RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

RWE'’s risk position is significantly affected by changes in the regulatory framework in the energy sector. State
intervention with the object of reducing greenhouse gas emissions could have a very negative effect on us. For

instance, we may have to shut down further lignite power plants prematurely in Germany. However, we expect to

receive adequate compensation in such an event. Through the envisaged transaction with E.ON, we intend to improve
and stabilise our operating earnings power. However, the RWE Group already rests on a solid foundation in both

financial and organisational terms. An important part of this foundation is our risk management, which has proven
itself over many years, enabling us to identify, assess and control risks and opportunities systematically.

Responsibility for risk management at RWE. Responsibility
for risk management within the RWE Group lies with two
companies: RWE AG, which manages the risks of the
companies subordinate to it that do not belong to the
innogy Group, and innogy SE, which has been accountable
for the management of its own risks and those of its
subsidiaries since its IPO in October 2016. This distribution
of tasks will remain until the sale of our stake in innogy to
E.ON, which we intend to complete in 2019. However, we
have adopted a new approach to recording RWE AG's risk
exposure due to innogy. Until the beginning of 2018, we
faced a significant risk of our 76.8% stake in the company
losing value as a result of decreasing share prices. Such
declines in the share price no longer represent a notable risk
because the acquisition of our share in innogy by E.ON was
agreed upon at a fixed price. This would only change if the
transaction failed, a scenario that has the potential to cause
substantial damage, but is unlikely.

The following is a detailed presentation of RWE AG's risk
management. Corresponding information regarding our
subsidiary innogy can be found in its latest annual report.

Organisation of RWE AG’s risk management. The
primary responsibility for our risk management lies with the
Executive Board of RWE AG. It monitors and manages the
overall risk of the Group and its operational subsidiaries. In
doing so, it determines the risk appetite of RWE and defines
upper limits for risk positions.

At the level below the Executive Board, the Controlling & Risk
Management Department has the task of applying and
developing the risk management system. It derives detailed
limits for the individual business fields and operating units
from the risk caps set by the Executive Board. Its tasks also
include checking the identified risks for completeness and
plausibility and aggregating them. In so doing, it receives
support from the Risk Management Committee, which

is composed of the heads of the following five RWE AG
departments: Controlling & Risk Management (Chair),
Finance & Credit Risk, Accounting, Legal and Corporate

Business Development. The Controlling & Risk Management
Department provides the Executive Board and the Supervisory
Board of RWE AG with regular reports on the company’s risk
exposure.

A number of additional organisational units and committees
have been entrusted with risk management tasks:

= Financial risks and credit risks are managed by the
Finance & Credit Risk Department, which reports directly
to the CFO of RWE AG.

= The Accounting Department, which also reports to the CFO,
is tasked with limiting the risk of material misstatements
in financial reporting. It has an accounting-related internal
control system for this purpose. Our activities for securing
the quality of financial reporting are supported by a
committee consisting of officers from Accounting and other
departments of relevance to accounting. More detailed
information can be found on page 82.

The Internal Audit & Compliance Department monitors
compliance with RWE’s Code of Conduct. One of its main
focal points is avoiding corruption risks. It reports to the
CEO of RWE AG or, if members of the Executive Board are
affected, directly to the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board and the Chairman of the Supervisory Board’s Audit
Committee.

= Risks from changes in commodity prices are monitored
by RWE Supply & Trading in so far as they relate to the
conventional electricity generation, energy trading and
gas businesses.

Strategies to limit market risks from the generation
business are approved by the Commodity Management
Committee. This is an expert body which currently consists
of the CFO of RWE AG, members of the management of
RWE Supply & Trading and a representative of the
Controlling & Risk Management Department.


--- Page 57 ---

74 RWE Annual Report 2018

= The strategic guidelines for the management of financial
assets (including the funds of RWE Pensionstreuhand e. V.)
are determined by the Asset Management Committee.
This body also currently attends to this task for the
financial investments of innogy SE. Its members include
the CFO of RWE AG, the head of the Finance & Credit Risk
Department, the head of the Portfolio Management/
Mergers & Acquisitions Department and the head of
Financial Asset Management from the Portfolio
Management/Mergers & Acquisitions Department. The
heads of the innogy Finance and Controlling & Risk
Departments and the CFO of innogy’s Grid & Infrastructure
Division are also members.

Under the expert management of the aforementioned
organisational units, RWE AG and its operating subsidiaries
are responsible for identifying risks early, assessing them
correctly and managing them in compliance with corporate
standards. The Internal Audit Department regularly assesses
the quality and functionality of our risk management system.

RWE AG risk matrix

Potential damage’

20% <P<50% P>50%

Probability of occurrence (P)

Category V
Category IV
Category III
Category II
Category |
1%sP<10% 10% <Ps20%
Ml Llowrisk Ml Mediumrisk Mill High risk

Potential damage’ Earnings risks?

Potential impact on net income quantified as a

Indebtedness/liquidity/equity risks?
Potential impact on net debt

percentage of adjusted EBITDA? and/or equity* and equity
Category V = 50% of equity = €8 billion
Category IV > 100% of adjusted EBITDA and < 50% of equity > €4 billion and < €8 billion
Category Ill = 40% and < 100% of adjusted EBITDA = €2 billion and < €4 billion
Category Il = 20% and < 40 % of adjusted EBITDA = €Ibillion and < €2 billion
Category | < 20% of adjusted EBITDA < €1 billion

1 Aggregated figure for 2019 to 2021.

2 innogy is not included in the figures as a fully consolidated company, but as a purely financial investment (see page 58).

3 Average for 2019 to 2021 derived from the medium-term plan.
4 Equity as of 30 September 2018 (€18,918 million).


--- Page 58 ---

Combined revie

of operations > Development of risks and opportunities

Risk management as a continuous process. Risks and
opportunities are defined as negative or positive deviations
from expected figures. Their management is an integral and
continuous part of operating processes. We assess risks
every six months, using a bottom-up analysis. We also
monitor risk exposure between the regular survey dates.
The Executive Board of RWE AG is immediately notified of
any material changes. Our executive and supervisory bodies
are updated on the risk exposure on a quarterly basis.

Our analysis normally covers the three-year horizon of our
medium-term plan, but can extend beyond that for long-
term risks. We evaluate risks to determine their impact on
net income on the one hand and on net debt and equity on
the other hand. We calculate the probability of occurrence
for all risks as well as their potential damage. Risks that

75

share the same cause are aggregated to a single risk if
possible. We analyse the material risks of the RWE Group
using a matrix in which the risks’ probability of occurrence
and potential net damage are represented, i.e. taking
account of hedging measures. Depending on their position
in the matrix, we distinguish between low, medium and high
risks. Based on this analysis, we determine whether there is
a need for action and initiate measures to mitigate the risks
if necessary.

We calculate the effects of risks on net income as
percentages of adjusted EBITDA and equity. We apply the
non-IFRS method in which innogy is recognised as a purely
financial investment in calculating these key figures, as set
out on page 58. We classify the potential influence on net
debt and equity based on fixed threshold values.

Risk classes Classification of the highest single risk

31 Dec 2018 31 Dec 2017
Market risks Medium Medium
Regulatory and political risks High High
Legal risks Medium Medium
Operational risks Medium Medium
Financial risks Medium High
Creditworthiness of business partners Medium Medium
Other risks High Low

Main risks for the RWE Group. As presented in the table
above, our main risks can be classified into seven groups,
depending on their nature. The highest individual risk
determines the classification of the risk of the entire risk
class. Single risks, to which innogy is exposed and on which
we receive reports twice a year, are not recorded here. We
currently classify two risks as ‘high’. These are the
‘regulatory and political risks’, the overall assessment of
which did not change compared to the previous year, and
the ‘other risks’, which were in the ‘low’ category in the prior
year and became much more significant in the year under

review. The latter is due to the fact that we have recorded
the potential failure of the envisaged asset swap with E.ON
under ‘other risks’ since 2018. We believe that this is
unlikely, but we realise that the damage potential is high.
Therefore, we classify this risk as ‘high’. In exchange, the
market value risk associated with our financial stake in
innogy became of secondary importance. In the previous
year, it was classified as ‘high’, with the same therefore
applying to the ‘financial risks’ in general. Since then, the
highest risks of this class have been ‘medium’.


--- Page 59 ---

76 RWE Annual R

In the following, we discuss the main risks and opportunities
and explain what measures have been taken to counter the
threat of negative developments.

» Market risks. In most of the countries in which we are
active the energy sector is characterised by the free
formation of prices. Declines in quotations on wholesale
electricity markets can cause power plants and electricity
procurement contracts concluded at fixed prices to
become less economically attractive and, in some cases,
even unprofitable. In such events, we may have to
recognise impairments or form provisions. Since 2016,
wholesale electricity prices have increased significantly in
our most important generation markets, Germany, the
United Kingdom and the Netherlands. This was primarily
due to the recovery in prices of commodities, especially
hard coal and gas. CO, emission allowances have also
become much more expensive. It cannot be ruled out that
this trend ends and electricity becomes much cheaper
again. However, there is also a chance that wholesale
electricity prices continue to rise and that generation
margins improve.

In addition to fuel costs, demand for electricity and the
amount of generation capacity available to meet it are
also decisive to the development of wholesale electricity
prices. The increased use of batteries could result in
households with photovoltaic units increasingly being
self-sufficient in terms of energy, causing a drop in demand
for electricity generated using conventional techniques.
Conversely, the electrification of the heating and
transportation sector would create additional demand.
On the supply side, the continued expansion of renewable
energy will put wholesale electricity prices under pressure.
However, secured generation capacity should continue to
drop. Therefore, we expect increasingly frequent periods
of shortages with high electricity prices - especially in
Germany.

We assess the price risks to which we are exposed on the
procurement and supply markets taking account of current
forward prices and expected volatility. For our power plants,
we limit margin risks by selling most of our electricity
forward and securing the prices of the fuel and CO, emission
allowances needed for its generation. Our goal is to limit
the consequences of negative price developments.

RWE Supply & Trading plays a central role when it comes
to managing commodity price risks. It functions as the
Group’s interface to the global wholesale markets for
electricity and energy commodities. The company markets
large portions of our power generation and purchases the
necessary fuels and CO, certificates needed to produce
electricity. The role of RWE Supply & Trading as internal
transaction partner makes it easier for us to limit the risks
associated with price volatility on energy markets.
However, the trading transactions are not exclusively
intended to reduce risks. In compliance with risk
thresholds, the company also takes commodity positions
to achieve a profit.

Our risk management system for energy trading is firmly
aligned with best practice as applied to the trading
businesses of banks. As part of this, transactions with
third parties are concluded only if the associated risks are
within approved limits. There are guidelines governing the
treatment of commodity price risks and associated credit
risks. Our subsidiaries constantly monitor their commodity
positions. Risks associated with trades conducted by

RWE Supply & Trading for its own account are monitored
daily.

The Value at Risk (VaR) is of central importance for risk
measurement in energy trading. It specifies the maximum
loss from a risk position not exceeded with a given
probability over a certain period of time. The VaR figures
within the RWE Group are based on a confidence interval
of 95%. The assumed holding period for a position is one
day. This means that, with a probability of 95%, the daily
loss will not exceed the VaR.

The VaR for the price risks of commodity positions in the
trading business of RWE Supply & Trading may not rise
above €40 million. In the past financial year, it averaged
€12 million (previous year: €10 million), and the daily
maximum was €19 million (previous year: €15 million).
In addition, limits derived from the aforementioned VaR
thresholds have been set for every trading desk.
Furthermore, we develop extreme scenarios and factor
them into stress tests, determine their consequences for
earnings, and take countermeasures if we deem the risks
to be too high.


--- Page 60 ---

Combined review of operations > Development of risks and opportunities

In the middle of 2017, we pooled the management of our
gas portfolio and the liquefied natural gas (LNG) business
in a new organisational unit at RWE Supply & Trading and
established a VaR cap of €12 million for these activities.
The average VaR in 2018 was €4 million (previous year:
€3 million), and the daily maximum was €7 million
(previous year: €4 million).

We also apply the VaR concept to measure the extent to
which the commodity price risks that we are exposed to
outside the trading business can affect the RWE Group's
adjusted EBITDA. To this end, we calculate the overall risk
for the Group on the basis of the commodity risk positions
of the individual companies; this overall risk mainly stems
from power generation. As the majority of our generation
position is already fully hedged for 2019, only minor
market price risks remain for this year. Opportunities for
additional profits arise, because we are able to adapt our
power plant deployment to short-term market
developments flexibly.

To a certain extent, financial instruments used to hedge
commodity positions are considered through the
statement of on-balance-sheet hedging relationships in
the consolidated financial statements. This also applies
to the financial instruments we use to limit interest and
currency risks. More detailed information can be found on
page 142 et seqq in the Notes to the consolidated
financial statements.

In the UK generation business, our earnings depend not
only on the development of the price of electricity, fuel
and emission allowances, but also on the level of the
payments we receive for participating in the national
capacity market. The capacity payments are determined
in annual auctions. Major differences can occur depending
on supply and demand. In the auctions held so far, the
range has been between €6.95/kW (2017/2018) and
€22.50/kW (2020/2021; before adjusting for inflation).
However, as set out on page 36 et seq., the UK capacity
market has been suspended for the time being and must
be approved again by the European Commission.

Our biggest market risks remain unchanged in the
‘medium’ category.

77

= Regulatory and political risks. Energy supply is a long-
term business and companies involved in this industry
are dependent on a stable, reliable framework. Stricter
emissions thresholds for the electricity sector can result
in massive declines in earnings, if the transition periods are
too short and power plants have to be taken offline early.
In the lignite industry, this could also have negative effects
on the upstream opencast mines. This kind of risk emanates,
inter alia, from the German Climate Action Plan 2050.
According to the Plan, by 2030 the energy sector must
lower its emissions by more than 60 % compared to the
level of 1990. In January 2019, the Growth, Structural
Change and Employment Commission charged by the
federal government submitted recommendations on how
to accomplish this in detail (see page 33). The body
speaks out in favour of phasing out electricity generation
from coal-fired power plants in Germany by 2038. It also
envisages further stations being shut down or converted
for alternative fuel firing by the end of 2022. We expect
the federal government to follow the Commission's
recommendations and demand that we close further
lignite units. We cannot make any forecasts regarding the
extent or timing of the burdens that we will be facing until
the federal government has submitted specific plans after
speaking with us. It is still unclear when this will happen.
However, we firmly believe that we will receive adequate
compensation for the revenue shortfalls and the additional
costs. In addition, we see that the framework conditions
for the lignite business could become more reliable.

In the Netherlands, the new government aims to phase
out electricity generation from coal by 2030 and
submitted a draft law for this purpose in May 2018 (see
page 33 et seq.). It envisages that we shut down or
completely convert our Amer 9 and Eemshaven power
stations for biomass firing by the end of 2024 and the end
of 2029, respectively. This is still pending a decision by
parliament. Earnings could be curtailed significantly if the
government implemented its plans. In such an event, we
would endeavour to ensure that we received appropriate
compensation and take legal recourse if necessary.


--- Page 61 ---

78 RWE Annual R

In addition to the exit from coal, the Dutch government
seeks to introduce a CO, tax (see page 34). The levy is
to supplement the European Emissions Trading System
and ensure a minimum price of carbon dioxide emissions
from power stations. This could lead to substantial
disadvantages for Dutch power plant operators.
Furthermore, there is a danger that security of supply
might be jeopardised. In dialogue with policymakers, the
energy companies have pointed out that these risks exist
and that prices in European emission allowance trading
are already high. Despite this, the politicians have not
abandoned this plan. However, they now intend to
establish lower carbon price floors. Even in Germany,
where the matter is not currently on the political agenda,
we are in favour of renouncing imposing additional
burdens on utilities through national CO, levies.

We are also exposed to risks in the field of nuclear energy,
albeit to a much lesser extent than in the past. Since we
made contributions to the German nuclear energy fund
in the middle of 2017, the state has assumed complete
responsibility for interim and final storage. However, we
are still exposed to cost risks associated with disposal
tasks which remain within our remit. For example, it
cannot be ruled out that the dismantling of nuclear
power stations will be more expensive than estimated
and we will therefore have to establish higher provisions.
However, we also have the opportunity to leverage
synergies and cut costs. Furthermore, we face the risk that
our power plants which are still in operation become less
profitable or indeed unprofitable if safety standards
become stricter. However, since the safety standards of
nuclear power stations in Germany are already very high,
we feel that this is unlikely.

In November 2018 the General Court of the Court of
Justice of the European Union repealed the approval
granted for the UK capacity market by the European
Commission, because it had not been preceded by a
comprehensive investigation. Until this requirement has
been complied with, there is a ban on capacity payments -
even under existing agreements. This curtailed our EBITDA
by €50 million in 2018, and we have not included any
capacity payments in our plans for 2019 for the time

being. Theoretically, it is possible that the payments
will be resumed with a substantial delay or not at all.
There is also a chance that the European Commission will
conclude its investigation this year and approve the
capacity market retroactively. In the best case scenario,
the capacity payments would be resumed immediately
and the suspended payments would be refunded
retrospectively.

Even in the present political environment, we are exposed
to risks associated, for instance, with approvals when
building and operating production facilities. This particularly
affects our opencast mines and power stations. The
danger here is that approvals are granted late or not at
all and that granted approvals are withdrawn temporarily
or for good. One example is the preliminary halt to the
clearance of Hambach Forest ordered by the Minster
Higher Administrative Court. As set out on page 36, this
will curtail our earnings from electricity generation from
lignite for several years. We are doing everything we can
to see to it that the pending lawsuits are concluded as
quickly as possible and the delays in the operation of our
opencast mine are minimised. However, it has since become
likely that the German government will become active and
aim for a political solution. In doing so, it would lean on
the final report by the Growth, Structural Change and
Employment Commission, which deems the preservation
of Hambach Forest desirable.

We continue to classify our regulatory and political risks as
‘high’. We ascribe the greatest importance to the potential
burdens resulting from an accelerated coal phase-out, the
introduction of CO, taxes and an extended or permanent
halt to the clearance of Hambach Forest.

Legal risks. Individual RWE Group companies are involved
in litigation and arbitration proceedings due to their
operations or the acquisition of companies. Out-of-court
claims have been filed against some of them. Furthermore,
companies from the RWE Group are directly involved in
various procedures with public authorities or are at least
affected by their outcomes. We have accrued provisions
for possible losses resulting from pending proceedings
before ordinary courts and arbitration courts.


--- Page 62 ---

Combined review of operations > Development of risks and opportunities

Risks may also result from exemptions and warranties that
we granted in connection with the sale of shareholdings.
Exemptions ensure that the seller covers the risks that are
identified within the scope of due diligence, the probability
of occurrence of which is, however, uncertain. In contrast,
warranties also cover risks that are unknown at the time of
sale. The hedging instruments described above are standard
procedure in sales of companies and equity holdings.

The maximum classification of our legal risks is ‘medium’
There was no change in this regard compared to the
previous year.

= Operational risks. RWE operates technologically
complex, interconnected production facilities. During
their construction and modernisation, delays and cost
increases can occur, for example due to accidents, material
defects, late deliveries or time-consuming approval
processes. We counter this through diligent plant and
project management as well as high safety standards.
We also regularly inspect and maintain our facilities.
Nevertheless, it is impossible to prevent occasional outages.
If economically viable, we take out insurance policies.
In relation to capital expenditure on property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets, there is a risk that the
return may fall short of expectations. Furthermore, prices
paid for acquisitions may retrospectively prove to be too
high. However, it is also possible that the returns on

investments turn out to be higher than originally assumed.

We conduct extensive analyses to try and map the financial
and strategic effects of transactions as realistically as
possible. Moreover, RWE has specific accountability
provisions and approval processes in place to prepare and
implement investment decisions.

Our business processes are supported by secure data
processing systems. Nevertheless, we cannot rule out a
lack of availability of IT infrastructure or a breach in data
security. Our high security standards are designed to
prevent this. In addition, we regularly invest in hardware
and software upgrades.

We classify our operating risks as ‘medium’.

79

« Financial risks. The development of market interest rates,
foreign exchange rates, share prices and collateral
pledged for forward transactions can have a significant
effect on our financial position. As set out earlier, our
greatest financial risk until the beginning of 2018 was the
potential decline in the market value of our stake in innogy.
This risk has become much less important because we
agreed the sale of the shareholding to E.ON at a fixed price.
However, the remaining shares in our financial portfolio
are still exposed to the risk of decreases in value. The
average VaR for the share price risk of these stocks
(without innogy) in 2018 was €5 million (previous year:
€2 million).

We differentiate between several categories of interest
rate risks. For example, rises in interest rates can lead to
reductions in the price of the securities we hold. This
primarily relates to fixed-interest bonds. The VaR for the
interest rate-related price risk of capital investments was
€3 million on average at RWE AG (previous year: €5 million).

Moreover, increases in interest rates cause our financing
costs to rise. We measure this risk using the Cash Flow at
Risk (CFaR), applying a confidence level of 95% anda
holding period of one year. The average CFaR at RWE AG
in 2018 and the previous year was €3 million.

Furthermore, market interest rates have an effect on our
provisions, as they are the point of reference for the
discount rates used for determining the net present values
of obligations. This means that, all other things being equal,
provisions rise when market interest rates fall and vice versa.

We are exposed to foreign exchange risks primarily
owing to our business activities in the United Kingdom.
Furthermore, energy commodities such as coal and oil are
traded in US dollars. Companies which are overseen by
RWE AG have their currency risks managed by the parent
company. RWE AG aggregates the risks to a net financial
position for each currency and hedges it if necessary. In
2018, the average VaR for RWE AG's foreign currency
position was less than €1 million. The same applies to
the prior year.


--- Page 63 ---

80 RWE Annual

Collateral pledged for forward transactions can have a
significant effect on our liquidity. Its level is determined
by the extent to which the contractually agreed prices
deviate from current market quotations. These differences
can be substantial, especially on volatile markets. In recent
times, the prices of commodities of importance to us have
fluctuated considerably, in particular those of CO, emission
allowances. This development exposes us to risks.
However, this also increases the probability of receiving
substantial collateral from contracting parties, resulting
in a temporary increase in our equity.

Risks and opportunities from changes in the price of
securities are controlled by a professional fund
management system. Range of action, responsibilities
and controls are set out in internal guidelines which the
Group companies are obliged to adhere to when concluding
financial transactions. All financial transactions are
recorded using special software and are monitored by
RWE AG.

The conditions at which we can finance our business on
the debt capital market are in part dependent on the
credit ratings we receive from international rating
agencies. As set out on page 53, Moody's and Fitch place
our long-term creditworthiness in the investment grade
category with a stable outlook. However, the agencies
may change their assessments and lower our credit rating,
which can result in additional costs if we have to raise
debt capital. This would probably also make it more
expensive to pledge collateral for forward transactions.

We classify our financial risks as ‘medium’ as opposed to
‘high’ in the previous year. The improved classification
results from the aforementioned decline in the share price
risk of our stake in innogy.

" Creditworthiness of business partners. Our business
relations with key accounts, suppliers, trading partners
and financial institutions expose us to credit risks.
Therefore, we track the creditworthiness of our partners
closely and assess their credit standing based on internal
and external ratings, both before and during the business
relationship. Transactions that exceed certain approval
thresholds and all trading transactions are subject to a
credit limit, which we determine before the transaction is
concluded and adjust if necessary, for instance in the

event of a change in creditworthiness. At times, we
request cash collateral or bank guarantees. Credit risks
and the utilisation of the limits in the trading and
financing business are measured daily.

We agree on collateral when concluding over-the-counter
trading transactions. Furthermore, we enter into
framework agreements, e.g. those of the European
Federation of Energy Traders (EFET). For financial
derivatives, we make use of the German master agreement
for forward financial transactions or the master agreement
of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association
(ISDA).

As in the past, our risks stemming from the creditworthiness
of our business partners do not exceed the category
‘medium’.

Other risks. This risk class includes reputation risks and
tisks associated with non-compliance and criminal
offences. It also encompasses the possibility of planned
acquisitions or divestments not being implemented, for
example owing to regulatory requirements. Our single-
largest risk in this category is the potential failure of the
planned asset swap with E.ON. We endeavour to ensure
that the transaction is executed as planned by maintaining
intense dialogue with the parties involved and preparing
and supporting the approval processes carefully. Negative
developments after the successful completion of the asset
swap cannot be ruled out, either. For instance, the
integration of the assets that we receive from E.ON and
are returned to us from the innogy portfolio may prove
more difficult than anticipated. Furthermore, the
operational development of these activities may lag
behind expectations. As far as legally possible, we are
already seeing to it that the new assets are integrated into
RWE successfully and have taken the first staffing and
organisational measures necessary to continue managing
these activities successfully in the future.

Despite legal and economic imponderables, we deem it
improbable that the asset swap with E.ON will fail. Should
this occur nevertheless, it would have extremely negative
ramifications. In consequence, we classify this risk as high,
and therefore the entire ‘other risks’ class as well (previous
year: ‘low’).


--- Page 64 ---

Combined review of operations > Development of risks and opportunities

= Risks related to innogy - continuing operations. As
set out earlier, our subsidiary innogy manages its risks
independently. The parent company RWE AG is informed
of the subsidiary’s risk exposure once every six months.
If the asset swap with E.ON is executed as planned, the
risks and opportunities relating to the innogy assets that
will be transferred to E.ON will no longer affect RWE as
they will be transferred with retrospective economic effect
to 1 January 2018. The developments at innogy relating
to the renewable energy business, gas storage and the
minority interest in Austria-based Kelag are still of
importance to us.

Earnings in the renewable energy business strongly
depend on state subsidy schemes. Here, there is a risk
that the realisable compensation declines and new
projects cease to be attractive. This can lead to investment
undertakings being broken off. Reductions in the
subsidisation of existing generation units cannot be fully
ruled out. The revenue of these plants is also exposed to
the risk of unfavourable market developments to the
extent that it is determined by wholesale electricity prices.
This applies for example to wind farms when subsidies
have expired. If such risks materialise, impairments may
have to be recognised for these plants or they may be sold
below their carrying amount. However, these plants can
earn unexpectedly high returns if wholesale electricity
prices increase.

The margins realisable in the gas storage business
partially depend on seasonal differences in the price of
gas. Significant differences enable substantial income to
be achieved. Conversely, shrinking price gaps can lead to
earnings shortfalls and impairments.

innogy monitors these and its other risks continuously and
takes countermeasures where necessary. The company
provides more detailed information on its risk
management system and the material risks and
opportunities in its current annual report.

81

RWE’s risk and opportunity situation: general
assessment by management. As demonstrated by the
contents of this chapter, RWE’s risk exposure is largely
influenced by economic and regulatory framework
conditions and the implementation of the asset swap with
E.ON. Regulatory risks arise inter alia from the
recommendations of the Growth, Structural Change and
Employment Commission. We anticipate that the German
government will follow the proposals and that we will
therefore have to shut down further lignite units prematurely.
However, we firmly believe that we will receive adequate
compensation for the economic damage. In addition, it is
possible that the framework conditions for the lignite
business become more reliable. We are also exposed to
regulatory risks outside Germany. Of notable mention in this
context is the uncertainty surrounding the continuation of
the UK capacity market. The plans of the Dutch government
to phase out coal in the coming decade and introduce a
carbon floor price also expose us to risks. We are raising
awareness of the consequences of such intervention and are
lobbying for a reliable regulatory framework. We have not
identified any material risks for RWE arising from the
impending exit of the United Kingdom from the EU, even in
the event of a hard Brexit.

Market conditions in electricity generation have a significant
influence on our earnings. German wholesale prices are
currently far above the record low at the beginning of 2016,
in part because prices of fuel such as hard coal and gas
have increased. Should these trends reverse and electricity
prices drop sharply once again, significant earnings
shortfalls are possible, which may lead to a downgrade of
our credit rating and additional collateralisation of hedging
trading transactions. However, prices may continue to trend
upwards and generation margins may improve. Such a
development may also be driven by the German nuclear
phase-out, because additional power plant closures cause
reliably available generation capacity to become tighter.


--- Page 65 ---

82 RWE Annual R

The envisaged asset swap with E.ON will enable us to
broaden our operational setup and thus better cushion the
risks of conventional electricity generation. The transaction
will also make us stronger financially. Therefore, its failure
would have a negative impact. We are confident of being
able to complete the asset swap this year.

With ambitious efficiency-enhancement programmes, strict
investing discipline and the IPO of innogy, we have given the
Group a solid financial foundation. By analysing the effects
of risks on our liquidity and pursuing a conservative
financing strategy, we ensure that we always have enough
cash and cash equivalents in order to meet our payment
obligations punctually. We have strong operating cash flows,
considerable liquid funds and great financial leeway, thanks
to the Debt Issuance Programme, the Commercial Paper
Programme and the syndicated credit line. We budget our
liquidity with foresight, based on the short, medium and
long-term funding needs of our Group companies, and have
a significant amount of minimum liquidity on a daily basis.

Thanks to our comprehensive risk management system and
the measures for safeguarding our financial and earning
power described earlier, we are confident that we can manage
the current risks to RWE. At the same time, we are working
hard to ensure that this remains the case in the future.

Report on the accounting-related internal control system:
statements in accordance with Sec. 289, Para. 4, and
Sec. 315, Para. 4 of the German Commercial Code. Risks
associated with financial reporting reflect the fact that our
annual, consolidated and interim financial statements may
contain misrepresentations that could have a significant
influence on the decisions made by their addressees. Our
accounting-related Internal Control System (ICS) aims to
detect potential errors and misrepresentations that result
from non-compliance with accounting standards. The
foundations of the ICS are our basic principles - which are
set out in RWE’s Code of Conduct and, first and foremost,
include our ambition to provide complete, objective, correct,
clear and timely information - as well as our groupwide
guidelines. Building on this, minimum requirements for the
accounting-related IT systems are designed to ensure the
reliability of data collection and processing.

RWE AG is responsible for the design and monitoring of
the ICS. These tasks are performed by the Accounting
Department, adhering to a groupwide set of rules. On top
of this, we created the ICS Committee. Its objective is to
ensure that the ICS is applied throughout the Group following
uniform principles and meeting high ambitions in terms of
correctness and transparency. The Committee consists of
representatives from the Accounting, Controlling & Risk
Management and Internal Auditing & Compliance departments,
along with officers from the areas of human resources,
procurement, trading, finance, taxes and IT, all of whom
play an important role in accounting.

We subject the ICS to a comprehensive review every year.
As a first step, we examine whether the risk situation is
presented appropriately and whether suitable controls are
in place for the identified risks. In a second step, we test
the effectiveness of the controls. If the ICS reviews pertain
to accounting-related processes, e.g. the receipt and
processing of invoices in our service centre in Cracow, the
preparation of financial statements or consolidation, they
are conducted by employees from the Accounting
Department. The representatives of the finance, human
resources, procurement, trading and IT functions document
whether the agreed ICS quality standards are adhered to by
their respective areas. The Internal Audit Department and
external auditing firms are also involved in the ICS reviews.
The results of the reviews are documented in a report to the
Executive Board of RWE AG. The review conducted in 2018
once again demonstrated that the ICS is effective.

Our ICS reviews do not cover innogy SE or its subsidiaries.
However, these entities apply the aforementioned process
analogously. The results obtained are considered in the
assessment of the ICS of RWE AG.

Within the scope of external reporting, the members of the
Executive Board of RWE AG take a half-year and full-year
balance-sheet oath, confirming that the prescribed accounting
standards have been adhered to and that the financial
statements give a true and fair view of the net worth,
financial position and earnings. When in session, the
Supervisory Board's Audit Committee regularly concerns
itself with the effectiveness of the ICS. Once a year, the
Executive Board of RWE AG submits a report on this to the
Committee.


--- Page 66 ---

Combined review of operations > Outlook

1.14 OUTLOOK

83

Our generation margins will probably improve somewhat in fiscal 2019. Furthermore, electricity generation from wind
is expected to increase substantially, resulting in a significant rise in earnings from the renewable energy business

of our subsidiary innogy. However, we also anticipate curtailments, for example due to the temporary halt to the

clearance of Hambach Forest and the suspension of payments from the UK capacity market. Based on current planning,
our adjusted EBITDA will total between €1.4 billion and €1.7 billion this year. This forecast relates to RWE’s continuing
operations. We are confident of being able to complete the asset swap with E.ON this year. However, this forecast
does not consider the impact on earnings stemming from the completion of the transaction.

Experts predict weaker growth. Based on initial forecasts,
the global economy will expand by approximately 2.5% in
2019, which would be less than last year. Economic prospects
also clouded in the Eurozone, with estimated growth of
some 1.5%. Experts anticipate a similar gain in Germany,
whereas growth in the Netherlands may well once again exceed
the average of the Eurozone countries. The development of
gross domestic product in the United Kingdom largely
depends on an orderly Brexit, in which case the country could
post an increase of 1.5%.

Power consumption likely to be stable in Germany and
the UK. Our forecast for this year’s electricity usage is based
on the economy's assumed development. If it grows as
expected, demand for electricity should be roughly flat in
Germany and the United Kingdom. Positive economic stimulus
will probably be contrasted once again by the dampening
effects of energy savings. In view of the slightly stronger
economic expansion in the Netherlands, we expect the
country’s electricity consumption to post a marginal rise.

Electricity production for 2019 nearly completely sold
forward. The development of commodity prices will
depend on a number of factors that are nearly impossible
to predict. At any rate, this would only have a minor
impact on our earnings this year, as we have sold forward
nearly all of our electricity generation for 2019 and secured
the prices of the required fuel and CO, emission allowances.
These transactions have been concluded up to three years
in advance. Therefore, the realised electricity prices do not
reflect current market prices, which are much higher than
in 2016. The price realised for 2019 for the electricity
generated by our German lignite-fired and nuclear power
stations, which we sold forward with especially long lead
times, was slightly higher year on year.

Adjusted EBITDA forecast 2018 actual Outlook for 2019

€ million

RWE Group 1,538 1,400-1,700
of which:
Lignite & Nuclear 356 300-400
European Power 334 250-350
Supply & Trading 183 100-300
innogy - continuing operations 699 800-900

Adjusted EBITDA in 2019: range of €1.4 billion to
€1.7 billion expected. The upward trend of realised
electricity prices will have a positive effect on earnings in
2019. Additional income is anticipated in the renewable
energy business due to the commissioning of new
generation capacity. Earnings contributed by existing
stations would rise, assuming normalised wind conditions.
Burdens will be imposed by the court rulings on Hambach
Forest and the UK capacity market (see page 36 et seq.).

Based on our current planning for 2019, the RWE Group’s
adjusted EBITDA will range from €1.4 billion to €1.7 billion
(2018: €1.5 billion). In light of the expected depreciation
and amortisation of about €1 billion, adjusted EBIT is
anticipated to be in the order of €0.4 billion to €0.7 billion.
As mentioned elsewhere in this report, adjusted EBITDA and
adjusted EBIT exclude material non-operating and aperiodic
effects. The latter are assigned to the non-operating result,
the components of which are presented in the reporting on
actuals on page 47.


--- Page 67 ---

84 RWE Annual R

The aforementioned forecast ranges only relate to continuing
operations. They do not consider the potential impact on
earnings of a completion of the transaction with E.ON, which
is scheduled for this year. However, we would recognise
book gains from this transaction in the non-operating
result. Likewise, the outlook does not take account of a
potential coal phase-out ordered by the government as it
is currently impossible to make a reliable assessment of its
effects. In addition, we assume that payments on the UK
capacity market will not resume this year.

We anticipate that earnings will develop as follows at the
segment level:

* Lignite & Nuclear: Here, adjusted EBITDA should range
between €300 million and €400 million. As mentioned
earlier, we have already placed most of this year’s
electricity production on the market. In sum, the margins
we achieved were slightly higher than those for 2018.
By contrast, the temporary halt to the clearance of
Hambach Forest will reduce earnings. We estimate that
the curtailment will amount to between €100 million and
€200 million per year for 2019 to 2021. Thanks to
optimised processes, we are confident that the earnings
shortfalls will be at the lower end of this range in 2019.

= European Power: Adjusted EBITDA recorded by this
segment is expected to total between €250 million and
€350 million. This assumes that we will not receive any
capacity payments in the United Kingdom this year. About
€180 million had been secured for 2019 in earlier auctions,
which we have disregarded in our planning due to the
suspension of the capacity market.

= Supply & Trading: We anticipate that we will be able to
achieve average adjusted EBITDA in the order of
€200 million per year in this segment in the long run. It is
highly probable that it will range from €100 million to
€300 million, which is what we expect for 2019 as well.

* innogy - continuing operations: In this segment, adjusted
EBITDA is likely to close the year between €800 million
and €900 million. Compared to last year (€699 million)
this would represent a significant increase, which would
primarily be attributable to the renewable energy business.
Assuming that wind conditions in 2019 are in line with
the long-term average, the usage of the UK and Central
European wind farms will be much higher than in 2018.

Commissioning new generation capacity will also have a
positive impact on earnings. Furthermore, renewable
generation assets, which are not subsidised through fixed
feed-in payments, should benefit from the rise in wholesale
electricity quotations.

Capital expenditure in 2019 markedly up year on year.
According to current planning, capital expenditure this
year is likely to be much higher than in 2018 (€1.3 billion).
We expect a considerable increase to be posted by
innogy’s continuing operations (last year: €0.7 billion):
the construction of the Triton Knoll offshore wind farm in
the UK and the Limondale solar farm in Australia will
increase expenditure. In conventional power generation,
we anticipate spending capital in the order of €0.5 billion on
property, plant and equipment, primarily on the maintenance
and modernisation of power plants and opencast mines. A
small portion of these funds is earmarked for growth projects,
e.g. the conversion of our Dutch hard coal-fired power
stations to biomass co-firing.

Significant rise in net debt expected. The net debt of
the RWE Group's continuing operations, which totalled

€4.4 billion at the end of 2018, is likely to rise substantially
in the fiscal year underway. As set out on page 53, last year
was characterised by high cash inflows from variation
margins relating to forward transactions involving CO,
certificates and other commodities. Once the contracts are
realised, some of which mature in 2019, the effects will be
reversed. The rise in investing activity will also be reflected in
net debt.

Outlook for the RWE Group with innogy as a purely
financial investment. For management purposes, we also
use Group figures in which innogy is considered as a purely
financial investment. On the income statement, our subsidiary
is only reflected based on the dividend to which RWE is
entitled. Further details on how these figures are calculated
can be found on page 58. Applying this method, our
adjusted EBITDA is expected to total between €1.2 billion and
€1.5 billion in fiscal 2019 (last year: €1.5 billion). Net income
adjusted for aperiodic and non-operating effects is
anticipated to range from €0.3 billion to €0.6 billion (last
year: €0.6 billion).


--- Page 68 ---

Responsibility statement 85

2 RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

To the best of our knowledge, and in accordance with the applicable reporting principles, the consolidated
financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of
the Group, and the Group review of operations includes a fair review of the development and performance of
the business and the position of the Group, together with a description of the principal opportunities and
risks associated with the expected development of the Group.

Essen, 27 February 2019

The Executive Board

neve

Schmitz Krebber
