

--- Page 1 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

17

GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT
THIS GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

In the following, we present a discussion and analysis of the
Group Management Report of Fresenius Medical Care AG &
CO. KGAA and its subsidiaries (together referred to as we, our,
FMC AG & CO. KGAA, Fresenius Medical Care, the Group or the
Company) prepared in accordance with sections 315 and 315e€
of the German Commercial Code and German Accounting
Standards No. 17 and 20, as well as the consolidated financial
statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this
report. Some of the statements, including those concerning
future revenue, costs and capital expenditures, possible
changes in our industry as well as the competitive and finan-
cial conditions include forward-looking statements. We made
these forward-looking statements based on the expectations
and beliefs of the Management Board of the Company’s Gen-
eral Partner (Management Board) pertaining to future events
that may affect us, but which we cannot assure that such
events will occur or that the results will be as anticipated.
Because these statements involve opportunities, risks and
uncertainties, the actual results may differ materially (positive
as well as negative) from the results which the forward-look-
ing statements express or imply. The statements cover the
content of and are subject to the uncertainties described in
the discussions in this report in the “Outlook” starting on
PAGE 58 and in the “Risks and Opportunities Report” as well
as in NOTES 2 AND 22 of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

The Non-Financial Group Report is not part of the Group
Management Report. It is part of a separate chapter of the
Annual Report and will be disclosed together with the Group
Management Report. The Non-Financial Group Report can be
found starting on PAGE 82.

Due to rounding, individual numbers and percentages pre-
sented in this report may not precisely reflect the absolute
figures.

Our business is also subject to other opportunities, risks and
uncertainties that we describe in our public filings. Develop-
ments in any of these areas could cause our results to differ
materially to those that we or others have projected or may
project.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018


--- Page 2 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

OVERVIEW ABOUT
THE GROUP

We provide high-qualit. y health care solutions
Jor patients with chronic kidney failure.

Our innovative products and therapies set
high standards in dialysis treatment.

BUSINESS MODEL
OPERATIONS AND COMPANY STRUCTURE

Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s largest dialysis com-
pany, based on publicly reported revenue and the number of
patients treated. We provide dialysis care and related services
to people with chronic kidney failure as well as offering other
health care services. We also develop and manufacture a full
range of dialysis machines, systems and disposable products,
which we sell to customers in around 150 countries as well as
using them in our internal health care service operations. Our
dialysis business is therefore vertically integrated. Our other
health care services are described by the term “Care Coordi-
nation”. Together with dialysis services, these constitute our
health care services.

We continue to generate most of our revenue with dialysis
products and dialysis care services. In our 3,928 proprietary
dialysis clinics in around 50 countries worldwide, we provide
care for over 333,000 dialysis patients. We are continuously
expanding this network of clinics, which is the largest and
most international in the world, to accommodate the ever-ris-
ing number of dialysis patients. At the same time, we operate

18

42 production sites in more than 20 countries. The most
important plants for dialyzer production are in St. Wendel
(Germany), Ogden (u.s.), Changshu (China), L'Arbresle
(France) and Buzen (Japan). Dialysis machines are manufac-
tured in Schweinfurt (Germany) and in Concord (u.s.).

Fresenius Medical Care is organized on a decentralized basis
and divided into the regions North America, Europe, Middle
East and Africa (EmeA), Asia-Pacific and Latin America. Our
operating segments correspond to this regional breakdown
(the term “North America Segment" refers to our North
America operating segment; the term “EMEA Segment” refers
to the Europe, Middle East and Africa operating segment, the
term “Asia-Pacific Segment” refers to our Asia-Pacific operat-
ing segment, and the term “Latin America Segment” refers
to our Latin America operating segment).

Fresenius Medical Care’s company headquarters is in Bad
Homburg v. d. HOhe, Germany. The headquarters in North
America, our most important region in terms of revenue, is in
Waltham, Massachusetts (u.s.).

CHART 2.2 ON PAGE 19 provides an overview of our most
important production sites and headquarters.

OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

Fresenius Medical Care provides mainly dialysis products and
services. We also offer non-dialysis services as part of Care
Coordination, as well as non-dialysis products. Our services
and products are shown in CHART 2.1.

Approximately 3.4 mM patients worldwide regularly underwent
dialysis treatment in 2018. Dialysis is a life-saving blood

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

c21 OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

DIALYSIS SERVICES.

>» End-Stage Renal Disease-
related treatments

DIALYSIS PRODUCTS

Hemodialysis machines and
peritoneal dialysis cyclers

> End-Stage Renal Disease-
related laboratory testing
services

Dialyzers

Peritoneal solutions

Hemodialysis concentrates,
solutions and granulates

Bloodlines

> Acute dialysis services

systems for water treatment
Renal pharmaceuticals

Other equipment and
medical devices

CARE COORDINATION 7

Hospital-related physician
services' (until June 28, 2018)

Pharmacy services

Vascular, cardiovascular and
endovascular specialty
services as well as ambulatory = —
surgery center services

Health plan services
Urgent care services

Physician nephrology and
cardiology services

» Ambulant treatment services

NON-DIALYSIS PRODUCTS

> Acute cardiopulmonary
products

> Apheresis products

* Includes the coordinated delivery of emergency, intensivist and hospitalist physician services as well
as transitional care.


--- Page 3 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information
Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

19

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

2.2, MAJOR LOCATIONS

>
North America

@ WALTHAM, U.S.
Regional headquarters
North America

01 OGDEN, U.S.
Dialyzers

02 CONCORD, U.S.
Dialysis machines

03 OREGON, U.S.
Concentrates

04 MONTREAL, CA
Concentrates

05 IRVING, U.S.
Concentrates

06 ERIKA DE REYNOSA, MX
Bloodlines

07 GUADALAJARA, MX
Dialysis solutions

JANEIRO
BR

16 VRSAC, SRB
Dialyzers, bloodlines

17 ANTALYA, TR
Bloodlines

Regional headquai
Latin America

08 BOGOTA, CO
Dialysis solutions

09 JAGUARIUNA, BR
Dialysis solutions

10 PILAR, AR
Concentrates

Asia-

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

HONGKONG, CN
Regional headquai

INUKAI, JP
Fiber bundles
BUZEN, JP

Dialyzers, PD solutions v A

CHANGSHU, CN
Bloodlines, dialyzers

IPOH, MY

Systems for water treatment
ENSTEK, MY

Concentrates

SMITHFIELD, AU
Concentrates

SCORESBY, AU
Dialysis chairs, packs



--- Page 4 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

cleansing procedure that substitutes the function of the kid-
ney in case of kidney failure. Healthy kidneys clean the blood
of waste products, regulate water levels, and produce import-
ant hormones. If the kidneys are irreparably damaged and are
therefore no longer able to function adequately over a longer
period of time, this is known as chronic kidney failure or
end-stage renal disease (EsRD). Many diseases can lead to
chronic kidney failure, particularly diabetes, chronic nephritis
or high blood pressure. There are currently two treatment
options for esrb: a kidney transplant and dialysis.

Our health care products

We develop and manufacture a wide variety of health care
products, including both dialysis and non-dialysis products.

The dialysis products we offer in around 150 countries around
the world focus on the following therapies:

>» Hemodialysis (HD) — HD is by far the most common type of
therapy for chronic kidney failure. Fresenius Medical Care
provides a wide range of HD products, in dialysis centers as
well as for use at home. They include machines, dialyzers,
bloodline systems, HD solutions and concentrates, water
treatment systems, as s well as data processing and analysis
systems.

Peritoneal dialysis (Pb) — In pp the peritoneum is used as a
natural filter. We offer systems and solutions for continuous
ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (carp) and automated perito-
neal dialysis (app) in dialysis centers as well as at home.
Acute dialysis — In case of a sudden loss of renal function
continuous renal replacement therapy is used in inten-
sive-care units. Fresenius Medical Care also provides prod-
ucts for this.

20

Additionally, we offer non-dialysis products including acute
cardiopulmonary products and products for apheresis ther-
apy, which involves the removal of excess blood fats or
pathogenic antibodies.

Our health care services
Dialysis services

Dialysis patients receive life-saving dialysis treatment and
other associated services such as laboratory tests in our 3,928
(2017: 3,752) dialysis clinics worldwide. Dialysis treatment at
our clinics is usually performed three times a week over a
period of several hours by trained medical staff. We also pro-
vide advice on medical support and training for home dialysis
patients in our dialysis centers.

In 2018, we treated most of our patients (61 %) in the North
America Segment, followed by 20 % in the EMEA Segment,
10 % in the Latin America Segment and 9 % in the Asia-Pacific
Segment.

Fresenius Medical Care is able to operate its own dialysis clin-
ics in countries where the health care system allows pri-
vate-sector companies to provide medical services and an
appropriate reimbursement system is in place.

Care Coordination

Care Coordination enables us to further enhance our busi-
ness beyond dialysis, for example in markets where the pri-
vatized dialysis market is relatively well developed and we
already have a high market share. Although our Care Coordi-
nation business is geared toward different geographical mar-

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

kets, we currently provide non-dialysis services mainly in
North America and Asia-Pacific. In recent years, the health
care system in the u.s. has started to move away from reim-
bursement of individual services toward holistic and coordi-
nated care. Our Care Coordination activities and our
experience in dialysis mean that we can participate in the
development of the u.s. health care system and use this as a
basis for additional growth. At the same time, patients bene-
fit from coordinated care, and health care systems from lower
costs. In fiscal year 2018, we sold our majority interest in
Sound Inpatient Physicians Inc. (Sound) effective June 28,
2018, thereby sharpening our profile in the area of Care Coor-
dination in the u.s

MAJOR MARKETS AND
COMPETITIVE POSITION

According to our estimates, the number of dialysis patients
worldwide reached around 3.4 M in 2018 (2017: 3.2 M)—a6 %
growth rate. In the same period, 333,331 patients were treated
in Fresenius Medical Care's network of dialysis centers (2017:
320,960). This means that Fresenius Medical Care holds the
leading position worldwide in dialysis care. More information
can be found in CHART 2.3 ON PAGE 21.

Dialysis products made by Fresenius Medical Care for use in
our own dialysis centers or for sale to third-party customers
accounted for a market share of 35 % in 2018 (2017: 35 %).
Fresenius Medical Care is therefore also the global market
leader for dialysis products. In the case of hemodialysis prod-
ucts, we had a 39 % share of the global market (2017: 39 %)
and are also the leader in this field.


--- Page 5 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

Dialyzers for hemodialysis are the largest product group in
the dialysis market with a worldwide sales volume of over
330 M units in 2018. Around 150 mM (around 45 %) of these
were made by Fresenius Medical Care, giving us by far the
biggest market share. Hemodialysis machines constitute
another key component of our product business. Here, too,
we are the clear market leader. Of the 97,000 machines
installed in 2018, according to estimates, around 50,000, or
more than 50 % (2017: more than 50 %), were produced by
Fresenius Medical Care.

Furthermore, we hold a strong position in the market for
peritoneal dialysis products: Around 17 % (2017: around 17 %)
of all peritoneal dialysis patients use products made by
Fresenius Medical Care.

Fresenius Medical Care is also the global leader in dialysis
care, serving about 10 % of all dialysis patients. The market

for dialysis care services in the u.s. is already highly consoli-
dated. Fresenius Medical Care treats around 38 % of all dialy-
sis patients here.

Outside the u.s., the dialysis services business is much more
fragmented. With more than 1,400 dialysis centers and around
132,000 patients in around 50 countries, Fresenius Medical
Care operates by far the largest and most international net-
work of clinics.

PROCUREMENT AND PRODUCTION

The Global Manufacturing and Quality (Gmaq) division centrally
manages all of Fresenius Medical Care's activities worldwide
in the procurement of raw materials and semi-finished goods,
production including quality management, and distribution in
North America. Some smaller production sites are under local
responsibility. The centralized approach enables us to:

c2.3 PATIENTS TREATED

31%

North America
8%

EMEA

2%

Asia-Pacific
11%

Latin America
10%

Worldwide

69 %

92 %

98 %

89 %

90 %

= Fresenius Medical Care == Other providers
Source: Company data and estimates

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

> continuously enhance the efficiency of our processes,

> optimize cost structures,

> improve returns on our capital invested in manufacturing,

> respond more flexibly and

> fulfill our commitment to meeting high-quality and safety
standards.

The objective of our production strategy is to manufacture
top-quality products in the right place at the right time on the
best possible terms. We are able to successfully implement
this strategy thanks to a network of large production sites,
where we make technically sophisticated products for sale
worldwide, as well as smaller production sites that primarily
supply products regionally.

Strategic purchasing at Fresenius Medical Care is geared
toward ensuring the availability, safety and quality of the
materials used in production with the aim of further expand-
ing our competitive and internationally balanced supplier
network.

At the end of 2018, Gmq had 16,100 employees (full-time
equivalents) (2017: 16,186). In total, we operate 42 production
sites in more than 20 countries.


--- Page 6 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information
Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

CORPORATE STRATEGY
AND OBJECTIVES

Creating a future worth living. For patients. Worldwide. Every
day. This vision guides us in our efforts to give our patients
around the world a better life by offering them high-quality
products and outstanding health care. It is based on our cor-
porate values: collaborative, proactive, reliable, excellent.

STRATEGIC CORE COMPETENCIES

Fresenius Medical Care aims to further consolidate its exper-
tise as the world’s largest provider of top-quality dialysis treat-
ments and health care products and to apply them as a basis
for sustainable, profitable growth. Moreover, by expanding
our range of medical services in the area of Care Coordina-
tion, our goal is to provide holistic care and improve out-
comes for patients as well as payors while increasing Fresenius
Medical Care's corporate value in the long term. Our strategy
is based on four core competencies — SEE CHART 2.4 — that will
support us in the years to come.

22

» Innovating products

Developing innovative products to achieve even better out-
comes for our patients is an inherent part of our strategy of
sustainable, profitable growth and bolsters our technology
leadership position in dialysis. In addition, we strive to identify
new business opportunities in value-added technologies and
approaches on an ongoing basis, for example through our
venture capital company Fresenius Medical Care Ventures.

Operating outpatient facilities

By leveraging our experience gained in currently 3.928 pro-
prietary dialysis clinics in around 50 countries, we have the
knowledge to operate and manage stand-alone outpatient
clinics efficiently and capture economies of scale. We are
continuously optimizing and modernizing our processes
and administrative structures.

Standardizing medical procedures

Our goal is to standardize medical treatments and clinical
processes while continuing to ensure high-quality clinical
outcomes. We provided over 50 m dialysis treatments world-
wide in 2018. Consequently, we have one of the largest

c2.4 CORPORATE STRATEGY

al
wo FRESENIUS

vy MEDICAL CARE

CREATING A FUTURE WORTH LIVING. FOR PATIENTS. WORLDWIDE. EVERY DAY.

INNOVATING
PRODUCTS.

OPERATING
OUTPATIENT FACILITIES

STANDARDIZING
MEDICAL PROCEDURES

COORDINATING
PATIENTS EFFICIENTLY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

renal patient databases in the world. We intend to use this
information to standardize medical setups, open new clinics
and integrate acquired clinics based on proven and efficient
concepts.

Coordinating patients efficiently

In an environment of growing patient numbers and chang-
ing health care systems, Fresenius Medical Care sees signifi-
cant potential in providing value-based care — especially in
the u.s. This approach focuses on selling solutions, provid-
ing holistic care and receiving outcome-based reimburse-
ment rather than offering single products or services.
Depending on the type of health care network in which we
participate, we coordinate the care of our patients with
other providers including physicians and other health care
facilities. We then use the accumulated patient information
to create predictive analytics.

GLOBAL EFFICIENCY PROGRAM

In 2017 we announced the second phase of our Global Effi-
ciency Program (GeP 1). The program's objectives are to iden-
tify and realize further efficiency potential and enhance the
Company‘s overall competitiveness. In 2018, we achieved
15 % of the targeted sustained cost improvements, which is
well ahead of the anticipated contribution of 10 % for the
year. Therefore, the Company increases the lower end of the
expected range of sustained cost improvements to €150 M
and now expects €150 m to €200 M per annum by 2020.

For further information on our goals, see the “Outlook”
starting on PAGE 58.


--- Page 7 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

PERFORMANCE
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

The Management Board oversees our Company by setting
strategic and operational targets and measuring various
financial key performance indicators used for internal man-
agement determined in euro based upon IFrs.

The key performance indicators used for internal manage-
ment are the same in all the individual operating segments.

Each operating segment is evaluated based on target figures
that reflect the revenue and expenses they control. The
effects of certain transactions and income taxes are not
included as we believe these items to be outside the operat-
ing segments’ control. Financing is a corporate function,
which the operating segments do not control. Therefore, we
do not include interest expense relating to financing as an
operating segment measurement. Similarly, we do not allo-
cate certain costs which relate primarily to certain headquar-
ters’ overhead charges, including accounting and finance,
global research and development, etc. because we believe
that these costs are also not within the control of the individ-
ual operating segments.

Certain of the following key performance indicators and
other financial information as well as discussions and analy-
ses set out in this report include measures that are not defined
by irrs (Non-iFRs Measure). We believe this information,
along with comparable !rrs measurements, is useful to our
investors as it provides a basis for assessing our performance,
payment obligations related to performance-based compen-

23

sation as well as our compliance with financial covenants.
Non-irrs financial measures should not be viewed or inter-
preted as a substitute for financial information presented in
accordance with IFRS.

REVENUE

The management of our operating segments is based on rev-
enue as a key performance indicator. We believe that the key
to continue growing our revenue is to attract new patients
and increase the number of treatments performed each year.
The number of treatments performed each year is therefore
an indicator of continued revenue growth. Revenue is also
benchmarked based on movement at constant exchange
rates. See the “Constant currency information” section start-
ing on PAGE 26.

OPERATING INCOME

Operating income is the most appropriate measure for evalu-
ating the profitability of the operating segments and there-
fore is also a key performance indicator. Operating income is
also benchmarked based on movement at constant exchange
rates. See the “Constant currency information” section start-
ing on PAGE 26.

OPERATING INCOME MARGIN

Operating income margin represents the ratio of operating
income to revenue. We believe operating income margin
shows the profitability of each of our operating segments or
our consolidated Company.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

DELIVERED EBIT (NON-IFRS MEASURE)

As a result of the significance of noncontrolling interest hold-
ers in our operations, we believe a measure that is meaning-
ful to investors is operating income less noncontrolling
interests (Delivered esit). Delivered eBit approximates the
operating income attributable to the shareholders of Fmc AG
& CO. KGAA. As such, we believe that operating income, or
EBIT, is the closest comparable irrs measure. Delivered eit is
also benchmarked based on movement at constant exchange
rates. See the “Constant currency information” section start-
ing on PAGE 26.

NET INCOME GROWTH AT CONSTANT
CURRENCY (NON-IFRS MEASURE)

On a consolidated level, percentage growth in net income
(net income attributable to shareholders of FMc AG & CO
KGAA) at constant currency is an additional key performance
indicator used for internal management. Please see “Con-
stant currency information” section starting on pace 26 for
more information on the use and calculation of financial
measures at constant currency.

BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE GROWTH AT
CONSTANT CURRENCY (NON-IFRS MEASURE)

Percentage growth in basic earnings per share at constant
currency is a key performance indicator to evaluate our prof-
itability. This indicator helps to manage our overall perfor-
mance. Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing net
income attributable to shareholders by the weighted-average
number of outstanding shares over the course of the year.


--- Page 8 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

24

12.5 DELIVERED EBIT RECONCILIATION
INEM

2018 2017 2018 2017
North America Asia-Pacific
Operating income (EBIT) 2,665 2,086 Operating income (EBIT) 304 313
less noncontrolling interests (231) (263) less noncontrolling interests (9) (7)
Delivered EBIT 2,434 1,823 Delivered EBIT 295 306
Dialysis Dialysis

Operating income (EBIT) 1,752 1,942 Operating income (EBIT) 270 286
less noncontrolling interests (212) (229) less noncontrolling interests (7) (6)
Delivered EBIT 1,540 1,713 Delivered EBIT 263 280

Care Coordination Care Coordination
Operating income (EBIT) 913 144 Operating income (EBIT) 34 27
less noncontrolling interests (19) (34) less noncontrolling interests (2) (1)
Delivered EBIT 894 110 Delivered EBIT 32 26

EMEA Latin America
Operating income (EBIT) 399 444 Operating income (EBIT) 29 58
less noncontrolling interests (4) (4) less noncontrolling interests (0) fo)
Delivered EBIT 395 440 Delivered EBIT 29 58
Total

Operating income (EBIT) 3,038 2,362
less noncontrolling interests (244) (274)
DELIVERED EBIT 2,794 2,088

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

Please see “Constant currency information” section starting
on PAGE 26 for more information on the use and calculation
of financial measures at constant currency.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

We manage our investments using a detailed coordination
and evaluation process. The Management Board sets our
complete investment budget as well as the investment tar-
gets. Before realizing specific investment projects or acquisi-
tions, our internal Acquisition & Investment Committee
examines the individual projects and measures the expected
return on investment and potential yield. Investment projects
are evaluated using common methods such as net present
value, internal interest rate methods and payback periods.
We utilize this evaluation methodology to ensure that we
only make and implement investments and acquisitions that
increase shareholder value. Capital expenditures for property,
plant and equipment is an indicator used for internal man-
agement. It influences the capital invested for replacement
and expansion.

CASH FLOW MEASURES

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
in % of revenue

Our consolidated statement of cash flows indicates how we
generated and used cash and cash equivalents. In conjunc-
tion with our other primary financial statements, it provides
information that helps us evaluate changes to our net assets
and our financial structure (including liquidity and solvency).
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities is applied
to assess whether a business can generate the cash required


--- Page 9 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

to make the necessary replacement and expansion of invest-
ments. This indicator is impacted by the profitability of our
business and the development of working capital, mainly
receivables. Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
in percent of revenue shows the percentage of our revenue
that is available in terms of financial resources. It is an indica-
tor of our operating financial strength.

Free cash flow in % of revenue
(Non-IFRS Measure)

Free cash flow (net cash provided by (used in) operating activ-
ities after capital expenditures, before acquisitions and invest-
ments) refers to the cash flow we have at our disposal. This
indicator shows the percentage of revenue available for
acquisitions and investments, dividends to shareholders,
reducing debt financing or for repurchasing shares.

TABLE 2.6 shows the cash flow measures and reconciles free
cash flow and free cash flow in percent of revenue to net
cash provided by (used in) operating activities and net cash
provided by (used in) operating activities in percent of reve-
nue, respectively.

NET LEVERAGE RATIO (NON-IFRS MEASURE)

The net leverage ratio is a key performance indicator used for
internal management. To determine the net leverage ratio,
debt less cash and cash equivalents (net debt) is compared to
EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization) (adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures made
during the year with a purchase price above a €50 m thresh-
old as defined in the Amended 2012 Credit Agreement and
non-cash charges). The ratio is an indicator of the length of
time the Company needs to service the net debt out of its

12.6 CASH FLOW MEASURES

12.7 RECONCILIATION OF NET LEVERAGE RATIO

IN€M IN € M, EXCEPT FOR NET LEVERAGE RATIO
2018 2017 2018 2017
Revenue 16,547 17,784 Debt 7,546 7,448
Net cash provided by (used in) Cash and cash equivalents 2,146 978
operating activities 2,062 2192 Netdept 5a 6.470
Capital expenditures (1,057) (944) Operating income? 2,215 2,372
Proceeds from sale of property, plant Depreciation and amortization’ 716 731
and equipment 54 103
Non-cash charges 45 51
Capital expenditures, net (1,003) (841)
EBITDA"? 2,976 3,154
Free cash flow 1,059 1,351
NET LEVERAGE RATIO 2 18 24
Net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities in % of revenue 12.5 12.3. ‘Including adjustments for acquisitions and divestitures made within the reporting period with a
purchase price above a €50 M threshold as defined in the Amended 2012 Credit Agreement.
Free cash flow in % of revenue 6.4 7.6 72018 excluding the gain related to divestitures of Care Coordination activities (see Note 4 c) of

the notes to the consolidated financial statements).

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

own resources. We believe that the net leverage ratio pro-
vides more reliable information about the extent to which we
are able to meet our payment obligations rather than consid-
ering only the absolute amount of our debt. We have a strong
market position in a growing, global and mainly non-cyclical
market. Furthermore, most of our customers have a high
credit rating as the dialysis industry is characterized by stable
and sustained cash flows. We believe this enables us to work
with a relatively large share of debt capital compared with
companies in other industries.

TABLE 2.7 shows the reconciliation of the net leverage ratio at
December 31, 2018 and 2017.

RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL
(NON-IFRS MEASURE)

Return on invested capital (Roic) is the ratio of operating
income after tax (net operating profit after tax, NoPaT) to the
average invested capital of the last five quarter closing dates
and expresses how efficiently we allocate the capital under
our control or how well we employ our capital with regard to
a specific investment project.

TABLE 2.9 ON PAGE 27 shows the reconciliation of average
invested capital to total assets, which we believe to be the
most directly comparable irrs financial measure, and how
Roic is calculated.

TABLE 2.8 ON PAGE 26 provides an overview of our key perfor-
mance indicators.


--- Page 10 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

12.8 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

2018 2017
Revenue! €16,547 M €17,298 M
Operating income €3,038 M €2,362 M
Operating income margin! 18.4 % 13.7 %
Delivered EBIT €2,794M €2,088 M
Net income growth

at Constant Currency? 60 % 14%
Basic earnings per share growth

at Constant Currency? 60 % 14%
Capital expenditures €1.0 BN €0.8 BN
Acquisitions and investments? €0.4BN €0.6 BN
Net cash provided by (used in)

operating activities in % of revenue 125 123
Free cash flow in % of revenue 64 76
Net leverage ratio 18 24
ROIC in % 12.4 8.6

* 2017: Revenue adjusted for impacts from IFRS 15 Implementation of €486 M.
2 Net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA.
* Excluding investments in securities.

CONSTANT CURRENCY INFORMATION
(NON-IFRS MEASURE)

Some key performance indicators and other financial mea-
sures used in this report such as changes in revenue, operat-
ing income and net income attributable to shareholders
of FMC AG & CO. KGAA include the impact of translating local
currencies to our reporting currency for financial reporting
purposes. We calculate these Non-irrs financial measures at

26

constant exchange rates in our filings to show changes in our
revenue, operating income, net income attributable to share-
holders of FMc AG & CO. KGAA and other items without giving
effect to period-to-period currency fluctuations. Under iFrs,
amounts received in local (non-euro) currency are translated
into euro at the average exchange rate for the period pre-
sented. Once we translate the local currency for the constant
currency, we then calculate the change, as a percentage, of
the current period calculated using the prior period exchange
rates versus the prior period. This resulting percentage is a
Non-irrs Measure referring to a change as a percentage at
constant currency. These currency-adjusted financial mea-
sures are identifiable by the designated terms “Constant
Exchange Rates” or “Constant Currency”.

We believe that the measures at Constant Currency (Non-IFRS
Measure) are useful to investors, lenders and other creditors
because such information enables them to gauge the impact
of currency fluctuations on our revenue, operating income,
net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & CO. KGAA
and other items from period to period. However, we limit our
use of Constant Currency period-over-period changes to a
measure for the impact of currency fluctuations on the trans-
lation of local currency into euro. We do not evaluate our
results and performance without considering both Constant
Currency period-over-period changes in Non-irrs revenue,
operating income, net income attributable to shareholders of
FMC AG & CO. KGAA and other items and changes in revenue,
operating income, net income attributable to shareholders of
FMC AG & CO. KGAA and other items prepared in accordance
with 1FRs. We caution the readers of this report to follow a
similar approach by considering data on Constant Currency
period-over-period changes only in addition to, and not as a

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

substitute for or superior to, changes in revenue, operating
income, net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG &
co. KGAA and other items prepared in accordance with IFRs.
We present the growth rate derived from irrs measures next
to the growth rate derived from Non-iFrrs measures such as
revenue, operating income, net income attributable to share-
holders of FMc AG & CO. KGAA and other items. As the recon-
ciliation is inherent in the disclosure, we believe that a
separate reconciliation would not provide any additional
benefit.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Developing innovative products and continuously improving
our dialysis treatments are intrinsic elements of our growth
strategy. Our worldwide research and development activities,
which are centrally managed by the Global Research and
Development division (Grp), enable us to develop products
efficiently and systematically promote the exchange of knowl-
edge and technology between regions.

GLOBAL RESEARCH AND
DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY

Health care systems face major financial challenges now and
in the long term. This confirms our intention to gear our
research and development activities toward developing inno-
vative products that are not only of high quality, but are also
affordable. As an operator of proprietary dialysis clinics and a
provider of home treatment for patients, we know that these
are by no means incompatible aims.


--- Page 11 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

27

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

12.9 RECONCILIATION OF AVERAGE INVESTED CAPITAL AND ROIC
IN € M, EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE SPECIFIED

Dec. 31, Sept. 30, June 30, March 31, Dec. 31, Dec. 31, Sept. 30, June 30, March 31, Dec. 31,
2018 2018 20182 20182 20182 20172 2017 2017 20172 20172 20172 20162
Total assets 26,242 25,587 25,045 23,091 22,930 Total assets 24,025 24,156 24,617 26,016 25,825
Plus: Cumulative goodwill Plus: Cumulative goodwill

amortization 413 407 405 385 395 amortization 394 400 413 439 444
Minus: Cash and cash equivalents (2,146) (1,754) (1,657) (800) (931) Minus: Cash and cash equivalents (978) (729) (721) (678) (716)
Minus: Loans to related parties (81) (112) (118) (109) (92) Minus: Loans to related parties (92) (146) (169) (220) (220)
Minus: Deferred tax assets (345) (328) (334) (325) (315) Minus: Deferred tax assets (315) (334) (308) (311) (292)
Minus: Accounts payable (641) (611) (559) (496) (577) Minus: Accounts payable (590) (518) (484) (505) (584)
Minus: Accounts payable Minus: Accounts payable

to related parties (154) (194) (183) (236) (147) to related parties (147) (224) (216) (271) (264)
Minus: Provisions and other Minus: Provisions and other

current liabilities * (2,728) (2,748) (2,689) (2,406) (2,565) current liabilities * (2,791) (2,763) (2,822) (2,791) (2,866)
Minus: Income tax payable (165) (209) (330) (239) (194) Minus: Income tax payable (194) (251) (234) (277) (242)
Invested capital 20,395 20,038 19,580 18,865 18,504 Invested capital 19,312 19,591 20,076 21,402 21,085
Average invested capital as of Average invested capital as of

December 31, 2018 19,476 December 31, 2017 20,293

Operating income? 3,024 Operating income? 2,372

Income tax expense?? (617) Income tax expense?+ (617)

NOPAT 2,407 NOPAT 1,755

ROIC IN % 12.4 ROIC IN % 8.6

"Including non-current provisions, non-current labor expenses and variable payments outstanding for acquisitions and excluding pension liabilities and noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions.
2 Including adjustments for acquisitions and divestitures made within the reporting period with a purchase price above a € 50 M threshold as defined in the Amended 2012 Credit Agreement.

® Adjusted for noncontrolling partnership interests.
* Includes the remeasurement of deferred tax balances as a result of U.S. tax reform (U.S. Tax Reform) of approximately €236 M


--- Page 12 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

Our research and development strategy is globally oriented,
enabling us to respond even better to the worldwide rise in
demand for high-quality yet cost-efficient treatment meth-
ods. In doing so, we also take regional market conditions
into account and offer a differentiated product range. In the
future, we intend to deliver innovative, competitive products
even more efficiently and strengthen our focus on developing
countries.

In addition to research and development activities within our
Company, we collaborate with external partners with the aim
of building a comprehensive innovation and technology net-
work. These partners include numerous academic institu-
tions, such as research institutes at renowned universities in
the u.s. Another partner is the Renal Research Institute (RRI) in
New York. This subsidiary of Fresenius Medical Care North
America is a leading institution in the field of clinical research
into all aspects of chronic kidney failure. Together, we are
working on fundamental issues relating to dialysis treatment.
We are also increasingly collaborating with start-ups with the
objective of promoting an open culture of innovation and
enabling access to the latest technologies.

INNOVATIONS IN 2018

To be able to continuously improve our patients’ quality of life
and the outcomes of their treatment and to ensure our
growth in the medium to long term, we not only work on
new products that are close to market launch, but also have
an extensive portfolio of innovation projects. These focus on
technologies in our core business as well as related areas of
strategic interest.

28

Launch of a new hemodialysis machine

Many dialysis patients in emerging economies still do not
have access to adequate treatment. The market potential in
these countries is high. We are therefore developing a tar-
geted portfolio specifically for these markets. For example,
we launched the 4008a dialysis machine on the Asian market
in 2018. It incorporates the most important core functions of
a dialysis machine and is adapted to local conditions. Like the
rest of our portfolio, the 4008a is also subject to the strict
quality and patient safety standards specified by Fresenius
Medical Care.

Innovative products for home dialysis

We are also currently developing an entire portfolio of state-
of-the-art technologies for peritoneal dialysis in conjunction
with our partners. Peritoneal dialysis is the most common
form of home treatment for chronic kidney failure. A large
number of these patients are treated using cyclers. The new
cyclers have been optimized to meet our patients’ needs:
They are small, light and compact, making ther ideal for use
at home. This new generation of pp cyclers gives dialysis
patients a high degree of flexibility. They also take into
account the specific treatment requirements of children.

Research in the field of regenerative medicine

In 2018, Fresenius Medical Care’s subsidiary Unicyte ac
reached a pre-clinical milestone in the area of regenerative
medicine for chronic kidney disease. In a second pre-clinical
model, the company demonstrated that its patented

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

nanoscale extracellular vesicles (nEVs) can restore the kidney
function of patients with chronic kidney disease. nEVs are
particles derived from stem cells that help to transport neu-
rotransmitters between cells. Unicyte will continue to carry
out intensive research into the potential of nEVs in the treat-
ment of chronic and acute kidney diseases in the coming
years to develop new and improved treatment options for
seriously and chronically ill patients.

In 2018, Fresenius Medical Care also announced a strategic
global partnership and an equity investment for a payment of
$150 M with the u.s. medical company Humacyte, Inc.; for
details, see “Highlights” in the “Overall business develop-
ment” section on PAGE 35. Humacyte carries out medical
research and development on clinical and pre-clinical investi-
gational products and has developed the human acellular
blood vessel HUMACYL, which is currently being tested for use
as a vascular access for hemodialysis patients and may prove
more effective than conventional synthetic grafts and fistulas.
Following product approval, Fresenius Medical Care will
receive exclusive global rights to commercialize HUMACYL,
allowing it to offer patients with chronic kidney disease
around the world a safer and more effective vascular access
option including shorter catheter contact time.

Ventures

Our venture capital company Fresenius Medical Care Ven-
tures is increasingly collaborating with start-ups with the aim
of promoting an open culture of innovation and gaining
access to the latest technologies. In 2018, Fresenius Medical
Care Ventures invested in the Israeli medical technology com-


--- Page 13 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

pany Vectorious Medical Technologies, the biotech company
Corvidia Therapeutics Inc. and the digital health companies
Tridiuum and SafeRide. Vectorious has developed an implant-
able, microcomputer-based system that optimizes the man-
agement of heart failure patients using direct, daily left-atrial
pressure (LAP) measurements. Corvidia is pioneering the next
generation of cardiovascular and cardiorenal treatments. Tri-
diuum has developed an engine for behavioral medicine
based on predictive analytics, while SafeRide organizes
patient transportation, e.g. to ensure that dialysis patients
get to dialysis clinics regularly and reliably.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT RESOURCES

In fiscal year 2018, Fresenius Medical Care spent a total of
around €134 M on research and development (2017: €131 M),
corresponding to around 4 % (2017: 4 %) of our health care
product revenue. At the end of 2018, our patent portfolio
comprised some 9,152 property rights in approximately
1,340 patent families, i.e. groups of patents linked to the
same invention. Our research and development work in fiscal
year 2018 produced around 126 additional patent families. Our
broad portfolio of patents will provide us with a wide range
of treatment options in this competitive area in the future.

In 2018, 933 highly qualified employees (full-time equivalents)
worked for Fresenius Medical Care in research and develop-
ment worldwide (2017: 825). They come from various back-
grounds: Physicians work side by side with software
specialists, business economists and engineers in interdisci-
plinary teams. Around 590 employees — the majority of our
research and development staff — are based in Europe. Most
research and development activities are carried out at our

facilities in Schweinfurt and Bad Homburg v. d. Hohe (Ger-
many). Other development sites are located in St. Wendel
(Germany), Bucharest (Romania) and Krems (Austria). In the
u.s., the Company maintains centers of excellence for the
development of devices in Concord (California) and for dia-
lyzers and other disposable products in Ogden (Utah). Devel-
opment activities in Shanghai and Changshu (China) are
focused on the growing demand for cost-effective dialysis
systems in Asia and emerging markets. The global research
and development organization coordinates collaboration and
technology exchange among the various sites. Carrying out
research and development responsibly is an intrinsic element
of our innovation culture. More information can be found in
TABLE 2.10 ON PAGE 30.

EMPLOYEES

Fresenius Medical Care owes its business success to the com-
mitment of its employees. At a functional level, our human
resources management is conducted globally to ensure a uni-
form strategic approach in line with the overriding corporate
objectives.

As at December 31, 2018, Fresenius Medical Care employed
a total of 112,658 members of staff (full-time equivalents) in
64 countries. Our workforce therefore decreased by 1 % year-
on-year, or 1,342 employees in absolute terms. This was
primarily the result of the divestment of Sound since the
related decrease of employees was higher than the increase
in employees from organic growth in our business and
acquisitions.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

TABLE 2.11 ON PAGE 30 shows the breakdown of employees by
operating segment as well as by services and products.

Staff costs at Fresenius Medical Care decreased to €6,440 M in
2018 (2017: €6,900 M), Corresponding to 39 % (2017: 39 %) of
revenue. Average staff costs per employee (average full-time
equivalents) amounted to €57,129 (2017: €61,287).

More information about our employees can be found in the
Non-Financial Group Report starting on PAGE 82. For more
information on diversity, see the Corporate Governance
Report starting on PAGE 111.

QUALITY MANAGEMENT

At Fresenius Medical Care, we believe in supplying high-qual-
ity and reliable products and therapies to ensure the best pos-
sible medical care for our patients and customers.

QUALITY MANAGEMENT AT
OUR PRODUCTION SITES

With a focus on quality, costs and availability, Guq has intro-
duced a state-of-the-art infrastructure with corresponding
efficient processes and systems in the last few years, as well
as bundling and optimizing existing structures. All production
sites follow the “Lean Manufacturing” approach and our
Schweinfurt plant includes the “Lean Six Sigma” manage-
ment system. The focus of Lean Manufacturing and Six Sigma
is continuous improvement of all manufacturing processes to
achieve a very low error rate resulting in better quality pro-
duction while shortening manufacturing time.


--- Page 14 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

QUALITY MANAGEMENT IN
OUR DIALYSIS CLINICS

Our clinics work in conformance with the generally accepted
quality standards of the industry, particularly the Kidney
Disease Outcomes Quality Initiative (kD0QI) guidelines from
the u.s., the European Renal Best Practice standard (ersP)
and increasingly, the Kidney Disease: Improving Global Out-
comes (kDIGO), an industry initiative for global clinical practice
guidelines.

We have established special quality management systems in
our dialysis clinics. We regularly check whether they are
applied, but transfer some of the tasks involved to third par-
ties, for instance the technical inspection association TUv in
Europe. Its experts inspect our clinics in standardized annual
audits to monitor compliance with the iso 9001 norm for
quality management and the Iso 14001 norm for environmen-
tal management. In the u.s., our clinics are inspected by the
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (cms), a public
health care authority.

More information about our quality management including
our quality data can be found in the Non-Financial Group
Report starting on PAGE 82.

QUALITY-BASED REIMBURSEMENT SYSTEMS

We participate in quality-based reimbursement models,
which we describe in the section “Health care and reimburse-
ment systems vary from country to country” starting on
PAGE 33.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

72.10 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

2018 2017 2016 2015 2014
Expenditures for research and development in € M 134 131 147 128 94
Number of patents 9,152 8,396 7,748 6,643 6,133
Employees! 933 825 794 649 599
* Full-time equivalents.
12.11 EMPLOYEES BY OPERATING SEGMENT

FULL-TIME EQUIVALENTS
2018 2017 Change Share

NORTH AMERICA 55,591 58,265 (2,674) 50 %
Health care services 54,374 57,098
Health care products 1,217 1,167
EMEA 19,658 18,903 755 17%
Health care services 15,895 15,214
Health care products 3,763 3,689
ASIA-PACIFIC 10,827 10,117 710 10 %
Health care services 8,444 7,910
Health care products 2,383 2,207
LATIN AMERICA 9,287 9,516 (229) 8%
Health care services 8,255 8,581
Health care products 1,032 935
WORLDWIDE 112,658 114,000 (1,342) 100 %
Health care services 86,968 88,803
Health care products 8,395 7,998
Corporate! 17,295 17,199 96 15%

"Including the divisions Global Manufacturing and Quality as well as Global Research and Development.


--- Page 15 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT 31 FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

RESPONSIBILITY,
ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT
AND SUSTAINABILITY

For Fresenius Medical Care, sustainability means acting
responsibly to achieve business success as well as environ-
mental and social progress to secure our future as a Company
in the health care industry.

After the entry into force of the csr Directive Implementation
Act in April 2017, Fresenius Medical Care further developed
the sustainability reporting in a Company-wide project and
has integrated a Non-Financial Group Report as a separate
chapter in the Annual Report since fiscal year 2017.

We established a global sustainability governance structure,
to further improve the coordination and management of sus-
tainability topics across all regions.

Further information can be found in the Non-Financial Group
Report starting on PAGE 82.


--- Page 16 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

ECONOMIC REPORT

The dialysis market is a sustainable
growth market with steadily y rising demand
. for products and services to treat patients
with chronic kidney disease.

MACROECONOMIC AND
SECTOR-SPECIFIC ENVIRONMENT

MACROECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT
Dependency on economic cycles

Our business is exposed to economic cycles only to a relatively
small extent. This sets us apart from manufacturers of con-
sumer goods, for instance, whose products are subject to
more cyclical demand.

Our business is impacted more by government reimburse-
ment rates and remuneration systems. Dialysis is a vital
medical service, which is why it is usually paid for by the
responsible health care system.

Exchange rate developments

Exchange rate developments in fiscal year 2018 were charac-
terized by strong fluctuations, with the currencies of some
emerging economies in particular depreciating sharply
against the euro and the u.s. dollar. As Fresenius Medical
Care has a worldwide presence, the results of its operations

are impacted by exchange rate developments. Movements in
the u.s. dollar and the euro are especially crucial as we gen-
erate a major part of our revenues in the u.s. After gaining
compared to the u.s. dollar in the first half of 2018, the euro
declined again in the second half of the year. On average over
the course of the year, the euro traded higher against the u.s.
dollar in fiscal year 2018.

In addition, Fresenius Medical Care’s operating results are
influenced by changes in the exchange rate between the euro
and local currencies. This is partly due to intra-Group sales
from large production sites in the euro zone to Group compa-
nies with different functional currencies, but also because the
euro is the currency we use for financial reporting. Regarding
intra-Group sales, individual subsidiaries are exposed to fluc-
tuations in the exchange rate between the invoicing curren-
cies and the currencies in which they conduct their local
operations. Fresenius Medical Care reduces transaction risks,
i.e. risks from foreign currency exposures or exchange rate
fluctuations, through a global network of production facili-
ties, which is geared toward demand in the Company's dialy-
sis product business. As the production facilities are often

7212 PATIENTS WITH CHRONIC KIDNEY FAILURE

2018 Share

Patients with chronic kidney failure 4,148,000 100 %
Of which patients with transplants 786,000 19 %
Of which dialysis patients 3,362,000 81%
Hemodialysis (HD) 2,993,000 72%
Peritoneal dialysis (PD) 369,000 9%

Source: Company information and estimates

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

based in the markets they serve, costs are incurred in the
same currency in which revenue is generated. The risk of
exchange rate fluctuations is relatively low for health care ser-
vices because they are provided locally and are therefore
invoiced in the respective currency.

SECTOR-SPECIFIC ENVIRONMENT

Chronic kidney failure (end-stage renal disease, ESRD) is a
global disease. The number of patients requiring renal
replacement therapy is increasing worldwide: At the end of
2018, approximately 4.1 mM patients underwent dialysis treat-
ment or received a donor organ.

Further information can be found in TABLE 2.12.

For many years now, the number of donated organs world-
wide has been significantly lower than the number of patients
on transplant waiting lists. Despite extensive efforts by
regional initiatives to increase awareness of kidney donation
and the willingness to donate, the share of patients receiving
kidney transplantation compared with other treatment
methods has remained relatively unchanged over the past
ten years.

The prevalence of chronic kidney failure varies between
regions. There are several reasons for this:

>» The countries differ demographically, as age structures in
the population vary worldwide.

> The prevalence of risk factors for kidney disease, such as
diabetes and high blood pressure, varies widely.

>» The genetic predisposition for kidney disease also differs
significantly around the world.


--- Page 17 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

» Access to dialysis is still restricted in many countries, mean-
ing that many patients suffering from chronic kidney failure
are not treated and therefore do not appear in prevalence
statistics.

> Cultural factors such as nutrition play a role.

The number of dialysis patients rose by around 6 % in 2018.
The growth rate was lower in countries such as the u.s.,
Japan, and Western and Central Europe than in economically
weaker regions, where it is generally above 6 %.

Comparison of dialysis treatment methods

In 2018, most dialysis patients were treated in one of approx-
imately 43,200 dialysis centers worldwide, with an average of
more than 75 patients per center. However, this figure varies
considerably from country to country.

Hemodialysis is by far the most common form of therapy for
chronic kidney failure. A total of 89 % of dialysis patients were
treated in this way in 2018, mostly in a dialysis center. Home
hemodialysis is an alternative to treatment at a dialysis center.
Although take-up has been limited to date, the number of
home hemodialysis patients is rising continuously. A total of
1 % of all patients are currently treated in this way. In the year
under review, 11 % of all dialysis patients were treated with
peritoneal dialysis, usually at home.

CHART 2.13 Shows a comparison of in-center and home dialysis.
Volume of the dialysis market

According to our estimates, the volume of the global dialysis
market increased to around €71 BN in 2018 (2017: €70 BN). The

market grew by 4 % over the past year at Constant Currency.
We expect the following approximate breakdown for this
market volume: around €13 BN for dialysis products and
approximately €58 BN for dialysis services (including dialysis
drugs).

Care Coordination

Chronic conditions such as diabetes and cardiovascular dis-
eases are becoming increasingly common and are responsible
for almost two out of three deaths worldwide. In many coun-
tries, a large proportion of health care spending goes toward
treating chronic diseases. To counteract the resultant increase
in cost pressure, more and more health care systems, such as
that in our largest market, the u.s., are starting to promote
coordinated, holistic care rather than reimbursing individual
services.

Due to the large number of different services offered in the
area of Care Coordination, we cannot provide a meaningful
estimate of the market volume. We currently offer medical
services in Care Coordination primarily in the North America
and Asia-Pacific Segments and have adapted our services in
this area to these markets. The extent to which we roll out
our Care Coordination services outside the u.s. may vary in
individual countries and regions depending on the respective
reimbursement system and market environment.

Our customers are mostly health insurers
and companies

Fresenius Medical Care’s most important customers are state-
owned or public health insurers, private health insurers, and
companies.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

Health care and reimbursement systems vary
from country to country

As renal replacement therapy is a life-saving medical service,
patients often do not have to pay for dialysis themselves.
Instead, the costs are borne by the responsible health care
system. The reimbursement systems for dialysis treatment — in
other words, the structures used by health care systems to
regulate reimbursement for dialysis services — differ from

213 IN-CENTER VS. HOME DIALYSIS

1%
(~ 19,000)

11%
(~ 369,000)

3,362,000

DIALYSIS PATIENTS
WORLDWIDE

\
88 %
(~ 2,974,000)
@ IN-CENTER DIALYSIS (HEMODIALYSIS)
HOME DIALYSIS (PERITONEAL DIALYSIS)
HOME HEMODIALYSIS



--- Page 18 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

country to country and sometimes even within countries. The
business activities and the reimbursement of dialysis therapy
are affected by various factors including regional conditions,
the treatment method, regulatory issues, and the type of dial-
ysis service provider (public or private).

Our ability to influence the reimbursement of our services is
limited.

The reimbursement system in the U.S.

Our business is significantly impacted by the environment for
reimbursement and ancillary services. In the U.s. — our biggest
market — most of our patients are covered by the governmen-
tal health authority, the so-called Centers for Medicare and
Medicaid (cms). In fiscal year 2018, around 33 % of our reve-
nue was attributable to reimbursements by cms, which also
determines the reimbursement rates for its patients (Medi-
care/Medicaid patients).

Due to pressure to reduce health care costs, the u.s. has lim-
ited increases in the reimbursement rate in the past. As a
consequence, the reimbursement rate set by cms as part of its
prospective payment system (Pps) for chronic kidney failure
treatments (known as the esrb pps rate) barely changed year-
on-year. The esrD pps rate for 2018 was $232.37, just 0.3 %
above the 2017 base rate. A reimbursement rate of $235.27
has been determined for 2019. This represents a 1.3 % increase
on the 2018 base rate including the adjustment for the wage
index budget-neutrality factor.

Any significant reduction in Medicare reimbursement rates
could have a material adverse effect on our health care ser-
vices business. As demand for dialysis products is affected by

Medicare reimbursement rates, this could have consequences
for the development of our product business. To the extent
that inflation, for example in the form of higher costs for
personnel and disposables, is not fully compensated by an
increase in reimbursement rates, our business and results of
operations may also be adversely affected.

More information can be found in the section “Results of
operations, financial position and net assets” starting on
PAGE 37.

In the u.s., reimbursement by government institutions is lower
than reimbursement by private insurers and managed care
organizations. The payments we receive from private insurers
constitute a substantial portion of our profits. In fiscal year
2018, 34 % of the Group’s health care revenue was related to
private insurers in the North America Segment. Our business
is therefore directly influenced by changes in the share of
reimbursements by private insurers in North America.

Quality-based reimbursement

The health care debate in some countries is currently focused
on establishing reimbursement structures based on treatment
quality (“pay for performance”). In this case, more responsi-
bility is transferred to the medical service provider. The goal
of reimbursement models of this kind is to maintain a high
quality of care while reducing overall costs for the health
care system.

The reimbursement system in the u.s. is also an example of
a model based on qualitative criteria. For example, cms
defines quality standards for dialysis centers as part of its
quality incentive program (qip). A failure to reach these stan-

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

dards can lead to a reduction in annual reimbursements of up
102%.

cms included calcimimetics in the pps rate effective January 1,
2018, following the Fpa’s announcement that it had approved
the intravenous calcimimetic Parsabiv for adult dialysis
patients. Calcimimetics had previously only been available in
oral form. cms will continue to pay for another calcimimetic,
Sensipar, based on the average sales price plus 6 % (4.3 %
after giving effect to the u.s. Sequestration).

The introduction of Parsabiv also affects the way in which
some insurers distribute calcimimetics to their patients. While
some patients still obtain calcimimetics from their pharmacy,
others receive them from their dialysis provider as a medical
service. We expect to receive additional reimbursements from
insurers for the calcimimetics administered at our dialysis clin-
ics. However, as this is the first time there has been a move
away from an exclusively oral drug to an intravenous one, the
type of reimbursement from insurers is yet to be defined.

Reimbursement in Care Coordination in the U.S.

We are also working closely with cms in the area of Care
Coordination. For example, we are participating in a cs EsRD
care model: Dialysis providers and physicians can form enti-
ties known as esRD Seamless Care Organizations (Escos) with
the aim of improving the health of patients with chronic kid-
ney failure while reducing costs for cms. We are currently
involved in 24 escos. escos that fulfill the minimum quality
standards specified by the program while saving costs in car-
ing for dialysis patients covered by the model that are above
a certain threshold receive a portion of the cost savings as
reimbursement. Escos that involve dialysis chains with more


--- Page 19 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

than 200 clinics are required to share in the risk of cost
increases and reimburse part of any such increases to cms if
the actual costs exceed the agreed thresholds. The number of
patients participating in our Escos increased from approxi-
mately 41,000 as of January 1, 2018 to approximately 46,000 as
of January 1, 2019.

We participated in the Bundled Payments for Care Improve-
ment (BPci) initiative with our subsidiary Sound Physicians
from April 2015 until the sale of the company in June 2018.
BPcI is a CMs initiative that offers bundled payments for indi-
vidual services, including inpatient care, physician services,
and follow-up treatment. The initiative has been extended
until September 30, 2018.

Effective January 1, 2019, we will no longer offer Medicare
Advantage Esrp Chronic Conditions Special Needs Plans, as
patients with chronic kidney failure will have the right to reg-
ister for any Medicare Advantage Plan from 2021 and will no
longer need to be registered for a Special Needs Plan.

We have also concluded agreements on per capita reimburse-
ments (known as subcapitations) as well as risk-based and
value-based agreements with certain insurers. These form the
basis for the health care services we offer Medicare Advan-
tage patients with chronic kidney failure and allow for a basic
amount per patient per month. If we provide complete care
at a cost that is below the basic amount, we retain the differ-
ence. However, if the cost of complete care exceeds the
basic amount, we may be obligated to pay the difference to
the insurer.

OVERALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
HIGHLIGHTS

Acquisitions and divestitures

Divestitures of Care Coordination activities

On June 28, 2018 the Company successfully divested its con-
trolling interest in Sound to an investment consortium led by
Summit Partners, L.P., as announced in April. The total trans-
action proceeds were $1,771 M (€1,531 M). This sale is an
important step for us in our efforts to focus more on our
activities in the area of Care Coordination in the u.s. The pre-
tax gain related to divestitures of Care Coordination activities
was €809 M, which primarily related to this divestiture ((Gain)
loss related to divestitures of Care Coordination activities).
For further information, see NOTE 4 c of the notes to the con-
solidated financial statements.

Strategic Investments

In the second quarter of 2018, Fresenius Medical Care and the
u.s. medical company Humacyte agreed on a strategic, global
partnership and a 19 % ownership stake in Humacyte for a
payment in the amount of $150 m. Under the terms of the
agreement, Fresenius Medical Care will also obtain exclusive
global rights to commercialize HUMACYL, the human acellular
vessel developed by Humacyte, following approval of the
product. The aim is to make HUMACYL available to as many
patients as possible.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

Financing

On July 4, 2018, Fresenius Medical Care placed notes with an
aggregate principal amount of €500 Mm. The notes have a
maturity of seven years and an annual coupon of 1.5 %. The
issue price is 99.704 % and the resulting yield amounts to
1.545 %. The proceeds will be used for general corporate pur-
poses, including the refinancing of upcoming maturities. This is
the first issuance since the Company was upgraded to invest-
ment grade by the three leading rating agencies Standard &
Poor's, Moody’s and Fitch. The notes were drawn under the
newly established European Medium Term Note Program
(EMTN) set up by Fresenius Medical Care ac & CO. KGAA.

The Company increased the accounts receivable facility to
$900 mM on December 20, 2018, and extended it until Decem-
ber 20, 2021.

Tax reform in the U.S. (U.S. Tax Reform)

As a result of the u.s. Tax Reform that became effective on
January 1, 2018, the corporate income tax rate in the u.s.
decreased from 35 to 21 %. This resulted in a positive effect
for Fresenius Medical Care of around €192 m in 2018, which
increased net income accordingly.

Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA)
related charge

The Company recorded charges of €200 M in 2017 (2017 FCPA
Related Charge) and €77 m in 2018 (2018 FcPA Related Charge)
encompassing estimates for the government's claims for
profit disgorgement, penalties, certain legal expenses, and
other related costs or asset impairments believed likely to be


--- Page 20 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

necessary for full and final resolution, by litigation or settle-
ment, of the claims and issues arising from the investigation.
The increase recorded in 2018 took into consideration prelim-
inary understandings with the government on the financial
terms of a potential settlement. Following this increase,
which takes into account incurred and anticipated legal
expenses, impairments and other costs, the provision totals
€224 M as of December 31, 2018. For further information on
these investigations SEE NOTE 22 of the notes to the consoli-
dated financial statements.

Information campaigns on U.S. ballot initiatives

In 2018, there were initiatives in three states in the u.s. to
place dialysis-related draft legislation or regulations in upcom-
ing ballot initiatives. These required us to commit material
unforeseeable resources to participate in public discourse
regarding the proposed new legislation, which in 2018 led to
costs in the amount of €40 mM.

Hyperinflation in Argentina

Due to the development of inflation in Argentina, the Com-
pany recorded a loss on its net monetary position of €12 M
for 2018.

COMPARISON OF ACTUAL BUSINESS
RESULTS WITH THE OUTLOOK

The environment for our core business of dialysis partially
developed different than expected in 2018. Therefore, the
outlook we set for 2018 at the beginning of the year has been
adjusted during 2018.

During the first quarter we adjusted the expected revenue
growth for 2018 at Constant Currency, as a result of our
recent reassessment of dosing of calcimimetic drugs in the
dialysis service business in the u.s. The reduction in dosing
was faster than assumed and resulted in a lower than
expected revenue contribution. During the second quarter
we adjusted our expectations for acquisitions and invest-
ments to reflect management's updated forecast of expected
investing activities for the year. In addition, the full-time
equivalents target was adjusted due to the divestiture of
Sound. During the third quarter we adjusted the outlook due
to weaker than expected growth in the health care services
business in the North America Segment and the difficult eco-
nomic environment in certain emerging countries. We met
this adjusted outlook.

Our 2018 outlook did not include the effects from the (gain)
loss related to divestitures of Care Coordination activities, the
contributions to the opposition to the ballot initiatives in the
u.s. (U.S. Ballot Initiatives) and the impact of the 2018 FcPA
Related Charge. We have therefore adjusted the actual results
for 2018 accordingly to make them comparable with the 2018
outlook. The basis 2017 for the outlook 2018 was adjusted for
the inclusion of implicit price concessions related to the IFRS
15 Implementation and for the impact of Sound (divestiture
on June 28, 2018) on the second half of 2017 (Sound H2 2017).
A reconciliation of the results 2018 and 2017 to the respective
on a comparable basis and the results 2018 and 2017 adjusted
is given in TABLES 2.15 AND 2.16 ON PAGE 39.

The outlook for the 2018 financial year was based on the
prevailing exchange rates at the beginning of the year 2018.
We expected revenue growth of around 8 % at Constant

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

Currency at the beginning of the year. During the first quarter
of 2018 we adjusted this outlook to 5 to 7 % and in the third
quarter to 2 to 3 %. We generated revenue of €16.5 BN, a
decrease of 7 % compared to prior year. At Constant Cur-
rency, revenue increased by 4 % on a comparable basis. We
therefore met our adjusted expectations.

All operating segments, but above all the North America Seg-
ment contributed to the expansion of our business. Further
details on the development of revenue can be found in the
section “Results of operations, financial position and net
assets” starting on PAGE 37.

We expected the growth of our operating income in the
range of 12 to 14 % at Constant Currency in the 2018 financial
year. During the third quarter 2018 we adjusted this range to
5 to 6 %. The operating income for 2018 was €3.0 BN. Adjusted
for the effects from the (gain) loss related to divestitures of
Care Coordination activities, the U.s. Ballot Initiatives and
the impact of the 2018 Fcpa Related Charge the operating
income for 2018 was up by 6 % at Constant Currency on a
comparable basis to €2.3 BN. We therefore met our adjusted
expectations.

We expected Delivered esit growth in the range of 13 to 15 %
at Constant Currency in 2018. During the third quarter 2018
we adjusted this range to 6 to 7 %. Delivered esit for 2018 was
€2.8 BN. Adjusted for the effects from the (gain) loss related
to divestitures of Care Coordination activities, the u.s. Ballot
Initiatives and the impact of the 2018 Fcra Related Charge the
Delivered esit for 2018 increased by 8 % at Constant Currency
on a comparable basis to €2.1 BN. We therefore met our
adjusted expectations.


--- Page 21 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

At the beginning of the year, we set a target range for net
income growth of 13 to 15 % at Constant Currency for the
2018 financial year. On an adjusted basis we set a target range
of 7 to 9 %. The effects related to the prior year revenue
impact from the recognition of revenue related to the agree-
ment with the United States Departments of Veterans Affairs
and Justice for reimbursement for services performed during
the period of January 2009 through February 15, 2011 (“VA
Agreement”), the prior year impact from cost effects net of
anticipated recoveries from natural disasters (“Natural Disas-
ter Costs”), the impact of the Fcpa Related Charge in 2017
and the effects of the u.s. Tax Reform have not been included
in this range on an adjusted basis. We adjusted these target
ranges during the third quarter 2018 to 11 to 12 % on a com-
parable basis and to 2 to 3 % on an adjusted basis. Net income
for 2018 increased by 14 % at Constant Currency on a compa-
rable basis to €1.4 BN, which is within the range of our origi-
nal expectations. Adjusted net income for 2018 increased by
4% at Constant Currency to €1.2 8N, which is within the
range of our adjusted expectations.

Earnings per share increased by 14 % at Constant Currency on
a comparable basis and 4% at Constant Currency on an
adjusted basis. This increase is in line with the development
of net income, as we expected.

We earmarked €0.9 BN to €1.0 BN for capital expenditures.
With an outlay of €1.0 BN, we remained within our outlook.
We expected to spend around €1.0 BN to €1.2 BN on acquisitions
and investments. This number was adjusted during the second
quarter to €0.6 to €0.8 BN and during the third quarter to €0.4
to €0.5 BN, excluding investments in securities. The actual fig-
ure was €0.4 BN with respect to acquisitions and investments
(excluding investments in securities) and we therefore met our

adjusted expectations. For further information, see the section
“Results of operations, financial position and net assets”.

Driven by earnings development and lower tax payments as a
result of the u.s. Tax reform, net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities in percent of revenue was high at 12.5 %,
meeting our expectation of greater than 10 %.

Free cash flow in percent of revenue was 6.4 % in 2018, which
is also in line with our expectation of greater than 4 %.

According to our forecast, the net leverage ratio should have
been below 2.5 at the end of 2018. The actual net leverage
ratio was down to 1.8 at the balance sheet date and is there-
fore as expected.

The Roic increased to 12.4 % thus meeting our expectation of
at least 8.0 %.

The proposed dividend per share of €1.17 to be approved by
the Annual General Meeting on May 16, 2019 is within our
expectation.

The number of employees at Fresenius Medical Care (full-
time equivalents) decreased from 114,000 at the end of 2017
to 112.658 at the end of 2018 due to the divestiture of Sound.
At the beginning of the year we forecasted more than 117,000
full-time equivalents, which was then adjusted during the
year to more than 113,000 due to the divestiture of Sound.
The number of employees was therefore slightly below our
adjusted expectations.

Research and development expenditures aimed at boosting
Fresenius Medical Care's ability to adapt to future require-

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

ments amounted to €134M, so that we did achieve our
adjusted expected range of €130 m to €140 m. At the begin-
ning of the year we forecasted a range of €140 to €150 M,
which was then adjusted during the year to €130 M to €140 M.
Our research and development activities are focused on
further developing existing product groups.

TABLE 2.14 ON PAGE 38 shows the actual results and our
outlook for 2018.

TABLES 2.15 AND 2.16 ON PAGE 39 provide a reconciliation of
the results 2018 and 2017 to the respective results on a com-
parable basis and results 2018 and 2017 adjusted. For further
information see also the “Consolidated operating perfor-
mance on a comparable basis and adjusted” section starting
ON PAGE 42.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS,
FINANCIAL POSITION AND
NET ASSETS

The following sections summarize our results of operations,
financial position and net assets as well as key performance
indicators by reporting segment, as well as Corporate, for the
periods indicated.

We prepared the information using a management approach,
consistent with the manner in which management internally
disaggregates financial information to assist in making oper-
ating decisions and evaluating management performance.


--- Page 22 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Revenue and operating income generated in countries out-
side the eurozone are subject to currency fluctuations. The
years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were negatively
impacted by the development of the euro against the u.s.
dollar. In the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2018
approximately 70 % of revenue and approximately 88 % of
operating income were generated in u.s. dollars.

Consolidated financial statements

Health care services revenue decreased by 9 % including a5 %
negative impact from foreign currency translation. At Con-
stant Exchange Rates, health care services revenue decreased
by 4 % driven by the effect of closed or sold clinics including
the effect from divestitures of Care Coordination activities
(5 %), the inclusion of implicit price concessions related to the
IFRS 15 Implementation (3 %) and the prior year revenue
impact from the va Agreement (1%), partially offset by
growth in same market treatments (3 %), contributions from
acquisitions (1 %) and increases in organic revenue per treat-
ment (1 %). For further information on the IFrs 15 Implemen-
tation, SEE NOTE 1 x of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

Dialysis treatments increased by 4 % as a result of growth in
same market treatments (3 %) and contributions from acqui-
sitions (1 %).

At December 31, 2018, we owned, operated or managed
3,928 dialysis clinics (excluding those managed but not con-
solidated in the u.s.) compared to 3,752 dialysis clinics at
December 31, 2017. In the year ended December 31, 2018, we

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

72.14 RESULTS AND OUTLOOK FOR 2018

Results 2018 ona

Outlook 2018

Outlook 2018

Results 2018 comparable basis* adjusted* {as reported)'
Revenue growth at Constant Currency? (2 %) 4% 2-3 % ~8%
Operating income growth at
Constant Currency? 33 % 6% 5-6 % 12-14%
Delivered EBIT growth at
Constant Currency?4 38% 8% 6-7 % 13-15 %
Net income growth at Constant Currency24* 60 % 14% 11-12 % 13-15 %
Net income growth at Constant Currency?“ 60% 4% 2-3 % 7-9 %
Basic earnings per share growth at
Constant Currency?*5 60 % 14% based on based on
expected development expected development
Basic earnings per share growth at of net income of net income
Constant Currency245° 60 % 4%
Capital expenditures €1.0 BN - €0.9-1.0 BN €0.9-1.0 BN
Acquisitions and investments? €0.4 BN - €0.4-0.5 BN €1.0-1.2 BN
Net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities in % of revenue 12.5 - >10 >10
Free cash flow in % of revenue 6.4 - >4 >4
Net leverage ratio 18 - <25 <25
ROIC in % 12.4 - 28.0 = 8.0
based on based on
expected development expected development
Dividend per share® €1.17 - of net income of net income
Employees? 112,658 - > 113,000 > 117,000
Research and development expenses €134M - €130-140 M €140-150 M

* Outlook 2018 (adjusted) and Results 2018 on a comparable basis: excluding the effects from the (gain) loss related to divestitures of Care Coordination activities, U.S. Ballot initiatives and the 2018 FCPA

Related Charge.

# Outlook 2018 (adjusted) and Results 2018 on a comparable basis: basis 2017 adjusted for IFRS 15 Implementation,

> Results 2018 on a comparable basis: basis 2017 adjusted for Sound H2 2017.

* Outlook 2018 (adjusted) and Results 2018 on a comparable basis: excluding the (gain) loss related to divestitures of Care Coordination activities.

5 Net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA.

* Outlook 2018 (adjusted) and Results 2018 on a comparable basis: in addition excluding the 2017 impacts from the VA Agreement, Natural Disaster Costs, 2017 FCPA Related Charge, as well as from the

USS. Tax Reform,
> Excluding investments in securities.

* Results 2018: Proposal to be approved by the Annual General Meeting on May 16, 2019,

* Full-time equivalents,


--- Page 23 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

acquired 55 dialysis clinics, opened 178 dialysis clinics and
combined or closed 57 clinics. The number of patients treated
in dialysis clinics that we own, operate or manage (excluding
patients of dialysis clinics managed but not consolidated in
the u.s.) increased by 4 % to 333,331 at December 31, 2018
(December 31, 2017: 320,960).

Health care product revenue increased by 1 % including a4 %
negative impact from foreign currency translation. At Con-
stant Exchange Rates, health care product revenue increased

by 5 %. Dialysis product revenue increased by 1 %, including a
4% negative impact from foreign currency translation. At
Constant Exchange Rates, dialysis product revenues increased
by 5 % due to higher sales of chronic hemodialysis products,
renal pharmaceuticals, products for acute care treatments
and peritoneal dialysis products. Non-dialysis product reve-
nue decreased by 7 % to €74 M from €79 M, including a 1 %
negative impact from foreign currency translation. At Con-
stant Exchange Rates non-dialysis product revenue decreased
by 6 % largely due to lower sales volumes.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

The decrease period over period in the gross profit margin
was 2.6 percentage points. Foreign currency translation
effects represented a 0.4 percentage point increase in the cur-
rent period. The decrease primarily reflects decreases in the
North America Segment, the EmeA Segment, the Latin Amer-
ica Segment and the Asia-Pacific Segment. The decrease in
the North America Segment gross profit margin was primarily
due to the Irrs 15 Implementation, the prior year impact of
the va Agreement, prior year impact from the speci initiative
driven by the initial recognition in the calendar year 2017 of

12.15 RECONCILIATION OF RESULTS 2018 TO RESULTS 2018 ADJUSTED
INEM

(Gain) loss

related to divestitures of

Results 2018 ona Results 2018

Results 2018 Care Coordination activities 2018 FCPA Related Charge U.S. Ballot Initiatives comparable basis U.S. Tax Reform adjusted
Revenue 16,547 16,547 16,547
Operating income 3,038 (809) 77 40 2,346 2,346
Delivered EBIT 2,794 (809) 77 40 2,102 2,102
Net income! 1,982 (673) 28 40 1,377 (192) 1,185
" Net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA.
72.16 RECONCILIATION OF RESULTS 2017 TO RESULTS 2017 ADJUSTED AS BASIS FOR TARGETS 2018
Results 2017
on a comparable U.S. Tax Reform Results 2017
IFRS 15 basis (basis for Natural (excl. Sound 2017 FCPA adjusted (basis
Results 2017 Implementation Sound H2 2017 Targets 2018) VA Agreement Disaster Costs H2 2017) Related Charge for Targets 2018)
Revenue 17,784 (486) (559) 16,739 (94) 16,645
Operating income 2,362 (84) 2,278 (87) 18 200 2,409
Delivered EBIT 2,088 (80) 2,008 (85) 18 200 2,141
Net income! 1,280 (38) 1,242 (51) 1 (240) 200 1,162

" Net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA,


--- Page 24 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

earnings (including earnings from prior periods), lower reve-
nue per treatment from commercial payors, higher implicit
price concessions, other small cost increases and lower earn-
ings related to Escos, partially offset by favorable pricing for
certain pharmaceuticals due to delays for rebasing of reim-
bursement, lower personnel expense and decreased costs for
health care supplies. The decrease in the EMEA Segment was
driven by unfavorable foreign currency transaction effects,
higher personnel costs in certain countries, an unfavorable
impact from acquisitions and an adverse mix effect from
higher product sales albeit with lower margins in certain
countries, as well as other smaller cost increases. The decrease
in the Latin America Segment was largely due to the impact
from hyperinflation and various other cost increases. The
decrease in the Asia-Pacific Segment was driven by unfavor-
able foreign currency transaction effects and an adverse mix
effect from acquisitions with lower margins, partially offset
by a favorable impact from business growth in certain coun-
tries within the region.

The decrease period over period in the selling, general and
administrative (“sGéA") expenses as a percentage of revenue
was 3.0 percentage points. Foreign currency translation
effects represented a 0.1 percentage point negative impact in
the current period. The decrease was primarily driven by
decreases in the North America Segment and at Corporate,
partially offset by unfavorable impacts from the Latin Amer-
ica Segment and the Asia-Pacific Segment as well as an unfa-
vorable impact from the varying margins across our four
reporting segments. The decrease in the North America Seg-
ment was mainly due to the irrs 15 Implementation, lower
accruals for compensation, the positive impact from income
attributable to a consent agreement on certain pharmaceuti-
cals, favorable personnel expense, lower bad debt expense

40

and the prior year change in fair value of subsidiary share
based compensation, partially offset by prior year gains from
the sale of fixed assets and investments, the impact from con-
tributions to the opposition to the ballot initiatives in the u.s.
(“u.s. Ballot Initiatives”) and a discontinuation of a non-iFRs
policy with no associated cash flow effect. The favorable
impact from Corporate was primarily driven by lower addi-
tions to provisions related to FcPA in 2018 (“2018 FCPA Related
Charge”). The increase in the Latin America Segment was
driven by the impact from hyperinflation in Argentina and
unfavorable foreign currency transaction effects. The increase
in the Asia-Pacific Segment was largely due to unfavorable
foreign currency transaction effects, partially offset by a
favorable impact from acquisitions and lower accruals for
compensation.

Research and development expenses increased by 2% to
€134 M from €131 M. The period over period increase, as a
percentage of revenue, was 0.1 percentage points driven by
an increased project portfolio.

Income from equity method investees increased by 9 % to
€73 M from €67 M. The increase was driven by higher income
from Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma Ltd., an
entity in which we have ownership of 45 %, mainly due to
increased sales of renal pharmaceuticals, partially offset by
increased costs to support the launch and development of
new projects as well as the initial consolidation from purchas-
ing additional shares of a Care Coordination investment pre-
viously consolidated at equity.

The increase period over period in the operating income
margin was 5.1 percentage points. Foreign currency transla-
tion effects represented a 0.3 percentage point increase in the

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

12.17 SEGMENT DATA (INCLUDING CORPORATE)

INEM

2018 2017
Total revenue

North America 11,570 12,879
EMEA 2,587 2,547
Asia-Pacific 1,689 1,623
Latin America 686 720
Corporate 15 15
TOTAL 16,547 17,784
Operating income

North America 2,665 2,086
EMEA 399 444
Asia-Pacific 304 313
Latin America 29 58
Corporate (359) (539)
TOTAL 3,038 2,362
Interest income 147 51
Interest expense (448) (416)
Income tax expense (511) (443)
NET INCOME 2,226 1,554
LESS: NET INCOME

ATTRIBUTABLE TO

NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS (244) (274)
NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE

TO SHAREHOLDERS OF

FMC AG & CO. KGAA 1,982 1,280



--- Page 25 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

Al

12.18 KEY INDICATORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Change in %
2018 2017 Asreported Constant Currency"

Revenue in €M 16,547 17,784 (7) (2)

Health care services 13,264 14,532 (9) (4)

Health care products 3,283 3,252 1 5
Number of dialysis treatments 50,027,579 48,269,144 4
Same market treatment growth in % 2.8 27
Gross profit as a % of revenue 31.2 33.8
Selling, general and administrative costs as a % of revenue 173 20.3
Operating income in € M 3,038 2,362 29 33
Operating income margin in % 18.4 133
Delivered EBIT in € M? 2,794 2,088 34 38
Net income attributable to shareholders of
FMC AG & Co. KGaA in €M 1,982 1,280 55 60
Basic earnings per share in € 6.47 417 55 60

" For further information on Constant Currency, see the "Performance management system” section starting on PAGE 23.
2 For further information on Delivered EBIT, including a reconciliation of Delivered EBIT to operating income on a consolidated basis and for each of our operating segments, see chapter “Overview about

the Group” section "Performance management system" starting on PAGE 23.

current period. The increase was largely driven by the gain
related to divestitures of Care Coordination activities (SEE
Note 4 c of the notes to the consolidated financial statements)
of approximately €809 m, decreases in sG&A, as a percentage
of revenue, partially offset by decreased gross profit margin.

Delivered esit increased by 34% including a 4% negative
impact from foreign currency translation. At Constant
Exchange Rates, the increase of 38 % was primarily due to
increased operating income largely driven by the gain related
to divestitures of Care Coordination activities of approxi-
mately €809 m coupled with a decrease in noncontrolling

interests driven by lower performance in entities in which we
have less than 100 % ownership in the u.s.

Net interest expense decreased by 17 % to €301 M from €365 M
including a 3 % positive impact resulting from foreign cur-
rency translation. At Constant Exchange Rates, net interest
expense decreased by 14 % largely due to the replacement of
interest bearing senior notes repaid in 2017 and 2018 by debt
instruments at lower interest rates, a decreased debt level
and interest income from investing the proceeds from the
divestiture of Sound as well as lower interest on taxes.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

Income tax expense increased by 15 % to €511 M from €443 M.
The effective tax rate decreased to 18.7 % from 22.2 % for the
same period of 2017 largely driven by the gain related to
divestitures of Care Coordination activities with a lower tax
basis, the effect of u.s. Tax Reform on current tax expense
and favorable prior year tax effects. These impacts were par-
tially offset by the prior year effect of the remeasurement of
deferred tax balances as a result of u.s. Tax Reform as well as
non-tax deductible expenses primarily related to the u.s. Bal-
lot Initiatives.

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased
by 11 % to €244 M from €274 M. Foreign currency translation
effects represented a 4% positive impact. At Constant
Exchange Rates, net income attributable to noncontrolling
interests decreased by 7 % largely due to lower performance in
entities in which we have less than 100 % ownership in the u.s.

Net income attributable to shareholders of FMc AG & CO. KGAA
increased by 55 % to €1,982 M from €1,280 M, including a5 %
negative impact resulting from foreign currency translation.
At Constant Exchange Rates, the increase of 60 % was driven
by the combined effects of the items discussed above.

Basic earnings per share increased by 55 %. Foreign currency
translation effects represented a 5 % negative impact on the
increase. At Constant Exchange Rates, basic earnings per
share increased by 60 % primarily due to the increase in net
income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & CO. KGAA
described above. The average weighted number of shares
outstanding for the period was approximately 306.5 M in 2018
(2017: 306.6 M).


--- Page 26 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

We employed 112,658 people (full-time equivalents) as of
December 31, 2018 (December 31, 2017: 114,000). This 1 %
decrease was primarily due to the divestiture of Sound.

Consolidated operating performance on
a comparable basis and adjusted

Management believes that there are certain distinct transac-
tions or events for which the operating results should be
adjusted to enhance transparency and comparability. The fol-
lowing results (adjusted to exclude these items) should be
analyzed in connection with the results presented above. For
the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the following
transactions were identified that, when excluded from the
results disclosed above, may provide a reader with further
useful information in assessing our performance:

> IFRS 15 Implementation,

» Sound H2 2017,

> vA Agreement,

> U.S. Ballot Initiatives,

» (Gain) loss related to divestitures of Care Coordination

activities,

2018 FcPA Related Charge (SEE NOTE 22 of the notes to the

consolidated financial statements),

2017 FcPA Related Charge (SEE NOTE 22 of the notes to the

consolidated financial statements),

Natural Disaster Costs,

u.s. Tax Reform

> the 2017 impact from the remeasurement of deferred tax
balances as a result of the tax reform,

> the 2018 impact from the lower corporate income tax rate
of 21 % (as compared to 35 %) as a result of the tax
reform.

42

TABLE 2.19 ON PAGE 43 reconciles the key indicators for the
consolidated financial statements in accordance with Frs to
the adjusted key indicators as described. Included within the
reconciliation are comparable basis line items which provide
the effect of exclusions which result in the recasting of the
line items for comparability year over year. While we believe
these adjustments provide additional clarity to the discussion
of our operating results, TABLE 2.19 ON PAGE 43 should only be
viewed as a supplement to our results disclosed in accordance
with IFRs above.

Segment reporting

The following discussions pertain to the North America Seg-
ment, the EMEA Segment, the Asia-Pacific Segment and the
Latin America Segment and the measures we use to manage
these segments.

In regards to our Care Coordination services we use addi-
tional business metrics, which will be defined below.

Business metrics for Care Coordination

The measures for the North America Segment and the
Asia-Pacific Segment discussed below include prior programs
in which we participated and current and future programs
that we will be participating in and will be reflected in the
discussion of our business. Currently, in our North America
Segment, sub-capitation, BPci (until June 28, 2018 — SEE NOTE
4c of the notes to the consolidated financial statements),
ESCO programs, MA-csNpPs and other shared savings programs
are included within the member months and medical cost
under management calculations below. In the future, other
programs may be included in the metrics below. Note that

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

due to the timing required by cms to review the seci and Esco
program data that we provide, estimates have been used to
report these metrics in a timely manner. The Asia-Pacific
Segment Care Coordination metric currently used for discus-
sion purposes is patient encounters.

These metrics may be developed further in future periods.
These metrics are neither IFRS measures nor non-iFRS mea-
sures, and are therefore not accompanied by or reconciled to
IFRS Measures.

Member months under medical cost management

In our North America Segment, member months under med-
ical cost management is calculated by multiplying the num-
ber of members included in value-based reimbursement
programs, such as Medicare Advantage plans or other val-
ue-based programs in the u.s., by the corresponding number
of months these members participate in those programs
(Member Months). In the aforementioned programs, we
assume the risk of generating savings. The financial results
are recorded in earnings as our performance is determined.
The membership offerings within Care Coordination are
sub-capitation arrangements, MA-CSNPS, ESCO and spc! (until
June 28, 2018 — SEE NOTE 4 C) of the notes to the consolidated
financial statements) programs as well as other shared sav-
ings programs. An increase in patient membership may indi-
cate future earnings or losses as our performance is
determined through these managed care programs.

Medical cost under management

In our North America Segment, medical cost under manage-
ment represents the management of medical costs associated


--- Page 27 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT 43

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

12.19 OPERATING PERFORMANCE ON A COMPARABLE BASIS AND ADJUSTED
IN € M, EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE SPECIFIED

Change in % Change in %
Constant Constant
2018 2017 As reported Currency? 2018 2017 As reported Currency?
REVENUE 16,547 17,784 ”) (2) _ Income tax expense on a comparable basis (424) (423) 0 5
IFRS 15 Implementation = (486) VA Agreement = 34
Sound H2 2017 - (559) Natural Disaster Costs - ”)
Revenue on a comparable basis 16,547 16,739 (a) 4 US. Tax Reform (excl. Sound H2 2017) (192) (240)
Income tax expense adjusted (616) (636) 8) 1
HEALTH CARE SERVICES REVENUE 13,264 14,532 9) ©)
IFRS 15 Implementation = (486) NET INCOME? 1,982 1,280 55 60
Sound H2 2017 - (559) (Gain) loss related to divestitures
of Care Coordination activities (673) =
Health care services revenue
on a comparable basis 13,264 13,487 2) 4 Sound H2 2017 - (38)
2018 FCPA Related Charge 28 -
OPERATING INCOME 3,038 2,362 29 33
US. Ballot Initiatives 40 -
(Gain) loss related to divestitures
of Care Coordination activities (809) _ Net income on a comparable basis? 1,377 1,242 " 14
Sound H2 2017 - (84) VA Agreement = (61)
2018 FCPA Related Charge 7 7 Natural Disaster Costs = "
US. Ballot initiatives aD 7 2017 FCPA Related Charge = 200
Operating income on a comparable basis 2,346 2,278 3 6 U.S. Tax Reform (excl. Sound H2 2017) (ea) (240)
VA Agreement 7 @ Net income adjusted? 1,185 1,162 2 4
Natural Disaster Costs = 18 IN % OF REVENUE
2017 FCPA Related Charge = 200
Gross profit 31.2 33.8
Operating income adjusted 2,346 2,409 @) 1
Gross profit — adjusted 31.2 31.9
INCOME TAX EXPENSE (511) (443) 15 21 SGBA expenses iis) 203
(Gain) loss related to divestitures SG&A expenses ~ adjusted 56 172
of Care Coordination activities 136 Operating income margin 184 133
Sound H2 2017 = 20 Operating income margin - adjusted 14.2 14.5
2018 FCPA Related Charge (49) = " For further information on Constant Currency, see the “Performance management system” section starting on PAGE 23.

2 Attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA.


--- Page 28 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

with our patient membership in value-based programs. For
ESCO, BPci (until June 28, 2018 — SEE NOTE 4 C of the notes to
the consolidated financial statements), and other shared sav-
ings programs, this is calculated by multiplying the Member
Months in each program by the benchmark of expected med-
ical costs per member per month. The sub-capitation and
Ma-csnps calculation multiplies the premium per member of
the program per month by the number of member months
associated with the plan, as noted above.

Care Coordination patient encounters

Care Coordination patient encounters represents the total
patient encounters and procedures conducted by certain of
our Care Coordination activities and, we believe, is an indica-
tor of the revenue generated. Care Coordination patient
encounters in the North America Segment is the sum of all
encounters and procedures completed during the period by
Sound until June 28, 2018 (SEE NOTE 4 Cc of the notes to the
consolidated financial statements), MedSpring Urgent Care
Centers, Azura Vascular Care, and National Cardiovascular
Partners, the trade name of Laurus Healthcare L.p., as well as
patients in our Fresenius Medical Care Rx Bone Mineral
Metabolism (Rx BMM) program.

Care Coordination patient encounters in the Asia-Pacific Seg-
ment is the sum of all encounters for the following services:
ambulant treatment services in day care hospitals, comprehen-
sive and specialized health check-ups, inpatient and outpatient
services, vascular access and other chronic treatment services.

44

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

72.20 KEY INDICATORS AND BUSINESS METRICS FOR THE NORTH AMERICA SEGMENT

Change in %
Constant
2018 2017 As reported Currency?
Total North America Segment
Revenue in €M 11,570 12,879 (10) (6)
Health care services 10,725 12,036 (11) (7)
Health care products 845 843 0 5
Operating income in €M 2,665 2,086 28 33
Operating income margin in % 23.0 16.2
Delivered EBIT in € M? 2,434 1,823 34 39
Dialysis
Revenue in €M 9,934 10,070 (1) 3
Number of dialysis treatments 30,843,876 29,804,196 3
Same market treatment growth in % 25 25
Operating income in €M 1,752 1,942 (10) (6)
Operating income margin in % 176 19.3
Delivered EBIT in € M? 1,540 1,713 (10) (6)
Care Coordination
Revenue in €M 1,636 2,809 (42) (39)
Operating income in €M 913 144 not applicable
Operating income margin in % 55.8 51
Delivered EBIT in € M? 894 110 not applicable
Member months under medical cost management? 639,329 594,962 7
Medical cost under management in € M34 4,196 3,905 7 12
Cate Coordination patient encounters?* 4,407,598 6,934,300 (36)

" For further information on Constant Currency, see the “Performance management system” section starting on PAGE 23.

* For further information on Delivered EBIT, including a reconciliation of Delivered EBIT to operating income for each of our operating segments, see chapter “Overview about the Group” section

“Performance management system” starting on PAGE 23.

> For further information on these metrics, please refer to the discussion above of our Care Coordination measures under “Segment reporting ~ Business metrics for Care Coordination” section starting on

PAGE 42.

“The metrics may be understated due to a physician mapping issue related to the BPCI program within a CMS system which has not yet been resolved. Additionally, data presented for the BPCI and ESCO

metrics are subject to finalization by CMS, which may result in changes from previously reported metrics


--- Page 29 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

North America Segment

Information about key indicators and business metrics for the
North America Segment can be found in TABLE 2.20 ON PAGE 44.

Dialysis

Revenue

Dialysis revenue, which comprises dialysis care revenue and
health care product revenue, decreased by 1 % including a
4% negative impact resulting from foreign currency transla-
tion. At Constant Exchange Rates, dialysis revenue increased
by 3 %.

Dialysis care revenue decreased by 2% to €9,089 mM from
€9,227 M. Foreign currency translation represented a 5 % neg-
ative impact in the current period. At Constant Exchange
Rates, dialysis care revenue increased by 3 % mainly due to
increases in organic revenue per treatment (3 %), growth in
same market treatments (3 %) and contributions from acqui-
sitions (1 %), partially offset by the negative effects of the IFRs
15 Implementation (3 %) and the prior year impact from the
va Agreement (1 %).

Dialysis treatments increased by 3 % primarily due to same
market treatment growth (3 %) and contributions from acqui-
sitions (1 %), partially offset by the effect of closed or sold
clinics (1%). At December 31, 2018, 204,107 patients, an
increase of 3 % (December 31, 2017: 197,356), were treated in
the 2,529 dialysis clinics (December 31, 2017: 2,393) that we
own or operate in the North America Segment.

In the u.s., the average revenue per treatment, restated for
the Irrs 15 Implementation, increased to $354 (€313 at Con-

stant Exchange Rates) from $345 (€306). Excluding the 2017
impact from the va Agreement, the average revenue per
treatment increased to $354 (€313 at Constant Exchange
Rates) from $342 (€303). The development was mainly attrib-
utable to the implementation of the rama oral-only provision,
partially offset by lower revenue from commercial payors and
higher implicit price concessions.

Cost per treatment in the u.s., restated for the Irrs 15 Imple-
mentation and the impact from Natural Disaster Costs,
increased to $289 (€256 at Constant Exchange Rates) from
$271 (€240). This development was largely a result of the
implementation of the PAmA oral-only provision as well as
increased property and other occupancy related costs, par-
tially offset by lower costs for health care supplies.

Health care product revenue remained stable including a5 %
negative impact from foreign currency translation effects. At
Constant Exchange Rates, health care product revenue
increased by 5 % driven by higher sales of renal pharmaceuti-
cals, peritoneal dialysis products and chronic hemodialysis
products.

Operating income margin

The decrease period over period in the dialysis operating
income margin was 1.7 percentage points with virtually no
foreign currency translation effects in the current period. The
decrease was largely driven by the prior year impact of the vA
Agreement, the implementation of the pama oral-only provi-
sion, lower revenue per treatment from commercial payors,
higher implicit price concessions, the impact from u.s. Ballot
Initiatives, prior year gains from the sale of fixed assets and
investments as well as the discontinuation of a non-iFrs policy
with no associated cash flow effect, partially offset by

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

decreased personnel expense, the iFrs 15 Implementation and
lower accruals for compensation.

Delivered EBIT

Dialysis Delivered esit decreased by 10 %, including a 4 % neg-
ative impact resulting from foreign currency translation. At
Constant Exchange Rates, dialysis Delivered sit decreased by
6 % mainly as the result of decreased operating income, par-
tially offset by lower income attributable to noncontrolling
interests driven by lower performance in entities in which we
have less than 100 % ownership.

Care Coordination

Revenue

Care Coordination revenue decreased by 42 % including a 3 %
negative impact from foreign currency translation. At Con-
stant Exchange Rates, Care Coordination revenue decreased
by 39 % largely driven by decreases in organic revenue growth
due to the implementation of the Pama oral-only provision
which moved certain pharmaceuticals into the bundled rate
(22 %), decreases attributable to divestitures of Care Coordi-
nation activities (13 %) and the iFrs 15 Implementation (5 %),
partially offset by contributions from acquisitions (1 %).

Operating income margin

The increase period over period in the Care Coordination
operating income margin was 50.7 percentage points. For-
eign currency translation effects represented a 0.2 percentage
point increase in the current period. The increase was primar-
ily driven by the (gain) loss related to divestitures of Care
Coordination activities. The increase also relates to a favor-
able impact from pharmacy services driven by favorable pric-
ing for certain pharmaceuticals due to delays for rebasing of


--- Page 30 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

reimbursement, the implementation of the Pama oral-only
provision (as the historical dispensation of calcimimetics
through pharmacy services had low margins as a result of
higher costs for external services), lower bad debt expense
and the prior year change in fair value of subsidiary stock
based compensation, partially offset by prior year impact
from the speci initiative driven by the initial recognition in the
calendar year 2017 of earnings (including earnings from prior
periods), lower earnings related to Escos, an unfavorable mix
effect related to the switch to lower margin ambulatory sur-
gery centers for National Cardiovascular Partners and the
prior year gain from the sale of Shiel.

Delivered EBIT

Care Coordination Delivered esit increased to €894 Mm from
€110 M mainly a result of increased operating income largely
driven by the gain related to divestitures of Care Coordina-
tion activities of approximately €809 M coupled with decreased
noncontrolling interests attributable to noncontrolling inter-
est holders of National Cardiovascular Partners.

Care Coordination business metrics

The increase in member months under medical cost manage-
ment was primarily attributable to the expansion of our exist-
ing escos through the addition of new physician practice
partners and dialysis facilities, partially offset by the divest-
ment of our controlling interest in Sound on June 28, 2018
and, as a result, the conclusion of our participation in pci.
SEE NOTE 4 C of the notes to the consolidated financial state-
ments and NOTE 4 TO THE TABLE 2.20 ON PAGE 44.

Care Coordination’s medical cost under management
increased by 7 %, including a 5 % negative impact from for-

46

eign currency translation in the current period. At Constant
Exchange Rates, Care Coordination’s medical cost under
management increased by 12 % primarily attributable to the
expansion of our existing Escos through the addition of new
physician practice partners and dialysis facilities, partially off-
set by the divestment of our controlling interest in Sound on
June 28, 2018 and, as a result, the conclusion of our participa-
tion in BPci. SEE NOTE 4 Cc of the notes to the consolidated
financial statements and NOTE 4 TO THE TABLE 2.20 ON PAGE 44.

The decrease in patient encounters was primarily driven by
decreased encounters for hospital related physician services
as a result of our divesting our controlling interest in Sound
on June 28, 2018. SEE NOTE 4 ¢ of the notes to the consoli-
dated financial statements and NOTE 4 TO THE TABLE 2.20 ON
PAGE 44.

The North America Segment operating performance on a
comparable basis and adjusted

Management believes that there are certain distinct transac-
tions or events for which the operating results should be
adjusted to enhance transparency and comparability. The fol-
lowing results (adjusted to exclude these items) should be
analyzed in connection with the results presented above. For
the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the following
transactions were identified that, when excluded from the
results disclosed above, may provide a reader with further
useful information in assessing our performance:

> IFRS 15 Implementation,
» Sound H2 2017,

> VA Agreement,

> U.S. Ballot Initiatives,

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

» (Gain) loss related to divestitures of Care Coordination
activities,
> Natural Disaster Costs.

TABLE 2.21 ON PAGE 47 reconciles the key indicators for the
North America Segment in accordance with Irrs to the
adjusted key indicators as described. Included within the rec-
onciliation are comparable basis line items which provide the
effect of exclusions which result in the recasting of the line
items for comparability year over year. While we believe these
adjustments provide additional clarity to the discussion of our
operating results, TABLE 2.21 ON PAGE 47 should only be
viewed as a supplement to our results disclosed in accordance
with IFrs above.

EMEA Segment

Information about key indicators for the EMEA Segment can
be found in TABLE 2.22 ON PAGE 48.

Revenue

Health care service revenue increased by 3 %, including a 3 %
negative impact resulting from foreign currency translation.
At Constant Exchange Rates, health care service revenue
increased by 6 % as a result of growth in same market treat-
ments (3 %) and contributions from acquisitions (3 %).

Dialysis treatments increased by 4 % mainly due to growth in
same market treatments (3 %) and contributions from acqui-
sitions (1 %). As of December 31, 2018, 65,061 patients, an
increase of 4 % (December 31, 2017: 62,490), were treated at
the 776 dialysis clinics (December 31, 2017: 746) that we own,
operate or manage in the EMEA Segment.


--- Page 31 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

47

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

12.21 NORTH AMERICA OPERATING PERFORMANCE ON A COMPARABLE BASIS AND ADJUSTED

IN € M, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED

Change in % Change in %
Constant Constant
2018 2017 As reported Currency’ 2018 2017 As reported Currency’
REVENUE 11,570 12,879 (10) (6) DIALYSIS OPERATING INCOME 1,752 1,942 (10) (6)
IFRS 15 Implementation = (486) US. Ballot Initiatives 40 -
Sound H2 2017 = (559) Dialysis operating income (EBIT) on a
Revenue on a comparable basis 11,570 11,834 @ 2 comparable basis 1,792 1,942 @) (4)
VA Agreement = (94)
HEALTH CARE SERVICES REVENUE 10,725 12,036 (11) (7) Natural Disaster Costs = 7
IFRS 15 Implementation - (486) Dialysis operating income adjusted 1,792 1,865 @ 0
Sound H2 2017 = (559)
Health care services revenue on a CARE COORDINATION
Coa haable bes 0S 10,991 @) > OPERATING INCOME 913 144 not applicable
(Gain) loss related to divestitures of
DIALYSIS CARE SERVICES REVENUE 9,089 9,227 2) 3 _Cate Coordination activities (809) =
IFRS 15 Implementation — (284) Sound H2 2017 = (84)
Biabsis Care Services revenue an Care Coordination operating income (EBIT)
com aaiable back eres 3.943 > 6 _on.a comparable basis 104 60 74 82
Natural Disaster Costs = 1
CARE COORDINATION REVENUE 1,636 2,809 (42) (39) Care Coordination operating income adjusted 104 61 2 79
IFRS 15 Implementation = (202)
Sound H2 2017 = (559) IN % OF REVENUE
Care Coordination revenue on a comparable basis 1,636 2,048 (20) (17) North America operating income margin 23.0 16.2
North America operating income margin —
OPERATING INCOME (EBIT) 2,665 2,086 28 33 adjusted Sa 16.4
(Gain) loss related to divestitures of Dialysis operating income margin tes 193
Care Coordination activities (809) - Dialysis operating income margin — adjusted 18.0 193
Sound H2 2017 = (64) Care Coordination operating income margin 55.8 5
US. Ballot Initiatives 40 = Care Coordination operating income margin —
Operating income on a comparable basis 7,896 2,002 6) (1) adjusted 3) 29
VA Agreement — 64) " For further information on Constant Currency, see the "Performance management system” section starting on PAGE 23
Natural Disaster Costs = 18
Operating income adjusted 1,896 1,926 Q) 2



--- Page 32 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

48

12.22 KEY INDICATORS FOR THE EMEA SEGMENT

Change in %

Constant

2018 2017 As reported Currency?

Revenue in € M 2,587 2,547 2 4

Health care services 1,274 1,237 3 6

Health care products 1,313 1,310 0 2

Number of dialysis treatments 9,731,941 9,350,024 4

Same market treatment growth in % 3.0 35

Operating income in € M 399 444 (10) (10)
Operating income margin in % 15.4 174

Delivered EBIT in € M2 395 440 (10) (10)

' For further information on Constant Currency, see the “Performance management system” sectio
2 For further information on Delivered EBIT, including a reconciliation of Delivered EBIT to operating
starting on PAGE 23,

Health care product revenue remained stable, including a2 %
negative impact resulting from foreign currency translation.
At Constant Exchange Rates, health care product revenue
increased by 2 %. Dialysis product revenue increased by 1 %
including a 2 % negative impact resulting from foreign cur-
rency translation. At Constant Exchange Rates, the increase
of 3 % in dialysis product revenue was due to higher sales of
machines, products for acute care treatments, renal pharma-
ceuticals, bloodlines, hemodialysis solutions and concentrates
as well as peritoneal dialysis products, partially offset by lower
sales of dialyzers. Non-Dialysis product revenue decreased by
7 % to €74 M from €79 M including a 1 % negative impact from
foreign currency translation. At Constant Exchange Rates
non-dialysis product revenue decreased by 6 % largely due to
lower sales volumes.

n starting on PAGE 23
income for each of our operating segments, see the “Performance management system” section

Operating income margin

The decrease period over period in the operating income
margin was 2.0 percentage points. Foreign currency transla-
tion effects represented a 0.2 percentage point increase in the
operating income margin. The decrease was mainly driven by
an impairment of intangible assets related to Xenios, higher
personnel costs in certain countries, the release of accruals as
a result of favorable court settlements related to value added
tax in 2017, the favorable prior year impact from a legal set-
tlement and unfavorable foreign currency transaction effects,
partially offset by the costs related to the change in the Man-
agement Board in 2017.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

Delivered EBIT

Delivered esit decreased by 10 %, with virtually no impact
from foreign currency translation effects. The decrease was
primarily due to decreased operating income.

Asia-Pacific Segment

Information about key indicators and business metrics for the
Asia-Pacific Segment can be found in TABLE 2.23 ON PAGE 49.

Dialysis

Revenue

Dialysis revenue, which comprises dialysis care revenue and
health care product revenue, increased by 2 % including a4 %
negative impact resulting from foreign currency translation. At
Constant Exchange Rates, dialysis revenue increased by 6 %.

Dialysis care service revenue decreased by 1 % to €568 M from
€576 M, including a 3 % negative impact resulting from for-
eign currency translation. At Constant Exchange Rates, dialy-
sis care service revenue increased by 2 % as a result of growth
in same market treatments (6 %), partially offset by the effect
of closed or sold clinics (4 %).

Dialysis treatments increased by 3 % mainly due to growth in
same market treatments (6 %), partially offset by the effect of
closed or sold clinics (3 %). As of December 31, 2018,
31,476 patients, an increase of 6 % (December 31, 2017:
29,739), were treated at the 394 dialysis clinics (December 31,
2017: 381) that we own, operate or manage in the Asia-Pacific
Segment.


--- Page 33 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

Health care product revenue increased by 4 %, including a 4 %
negative impact resulting from foreign currency translation.
At Constant Exchange Rates, health care product revenue
increased by 8 % as a result of increased sales of chronic
hemodialysis products and products for acute care treat-
ments.

Operating income margin

The decrease period over period in the operating income
margin was 1.5 percentage points. Foreign currency transla-
tion effects represented a 0.4 percentage point increase in the
operating income margin. At Constant Exchange Rates, the
operating income margin decreased due to unfavorable
impacts from foreign currency transaction effects, partially
offset by a favorable impact from business growth in certain
countries within the region.

Delivered EBIT

Delivered esit decreased by 6 %, including a 1% negative
impact resulting from foreign currency translation. At Con-
stant Exchange Rates, Delivered eit decreased by 5 % mainly
due to decreased operating income.

Care Coordination

Revenue

Care Coordination revenue increased by 24 %, including a6 %
negative impact resulting from foreign currency translation.
At Constant Exchange Rates, Care Coordination revenue
increased by 30 % driven by contributions from acquisitions
(25 %) and organic revenue growth (5 %).

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

12.23 KEY INDICATORS AND BUSINESS METRICS FOR THE ASIA-PACIFIC SEGMENT

Change in %
Constant
2018 2017 As reported Currency?
Total Asia-Pacific Segment
Revenue in €M 1,689 1,623 4 8
Health care services 776 744 4 8
Health care products 913 879 4 8
Operating income in € M 304 313 @) O)
Operating income margin in % 18.0 19.3
Delivered EBIT in € M? 295 306 @) (2)
Dialysis
Revenue in €M 1,481 1,455 2 6
Number of dialysis treatments 4,371,742 4,249,878 3
Same market treatment growth in % 6.4 33
Operating income in €M 270 286 © (4)
Operating income margin in % 18.2 19.7
Delivered EBIT in € M? 263 280 © (5)
Care Coordination
Revenue in €M 208 168 24 30
Operating income in €M 34 27 27 34
Operating income margin in % 16.2 15.8
Delivered EBIT in € M? 32 26 24 31
Care Coordination Patient Encounters? 982,169 784,054 25

" For further information on Constant Currency, see the “Performance management system” section starting on PAGE 23,

* For further information on Delivered EBIT, including a reconciliation of Delivered EBIT to operating income for each of our operating segments, see chapter “Overview about the Group” section

“Performance management system” starting on PAGE 23

> For further information on patient encounters, please refer to the discussion above of our Care Coordination measures under "Segment reporting ~ Business metrics for Care Coordination”


--- Page 34 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

Operating income margin

The increase period over period in the Care Coordination
operating income margin was 0.4 percentage points. Foreign
currency translation effects represented a 0.1 percentage
point decrease in the operating income margin. The increase
was driven by a favorable impact from acquisitions.

Delivered EBIT

Care Coordination Delivered esit increased by 24 %, including
a7 % negative impact resulting from foreign currency transla-
tion. At Constant Exchange Rates, Care Coordination Deliv-
ered EBiT increased by 31 % mainly as the result of increased
operating income.

Care Coordination business metrics

The number of patient encounters increased due to increased
encounters for comprehensive and specialized health check-
ups as well as ambulant treatment services, inpatient and
outpatient services, vascular access and other chronic treat-
ment services.

Latin America Segment

Information about key indicators for the Latin America Seg-
ment can be found in TABLE 2.24.

Revenue

Health care service revenue decreased by 5 %, including a
32 % negative impact resulting from foreign currency transla-
tion. At Constant Exchange Rates, health care service revenue
increased by 27 % as a result of increases in organic revenue
per treatment largely driven by hyperinflation in Argentina

(24 %), contributions from acquisitions (2 %) and growth in
same market treatments (1 %).

Dialysis treatments increased by 4 % mainly due to contribu-
tions from acquisitions (3 %) and growth in same market
treatments (1 %). As of December 31, 2018 32,687 patients, an
increase of 4 % (December 31, 2017: 31,375), were treated at
the 229 dialysis clinics (December 31, 2017: 232) that we own,
operate or manage in the Latin America Segment.

Health care product revenue decreased by 4 % including a
15 % negative impact resulting from foreign currency transla-
tion. At Constant Exchange Rates, health care product reve-
nue increased by 11 % driven by higher sales of machines,
products for acute care treatments and peritoneal dialysis
products, partially offset by lower sales of dialyzers.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

Operating income margin

The decrease period over period in the operating income
margin was 3.9 percentage points, including a positive for-
eign currency translation effect of 1.8 percentage points in
the current period. The decrease was mainly due to the
impact from hyperinflation in Argentina and unfavorable for-
eign currency transaction effects.

Delivered EBIT

Delivered esit decreased by 51 %, including a 14 % positive
impact resulting from foreign currency translation. At Con-
stant Exchange Rates, Delivered esit decreased by 65 % due
to decreased operating income.

12.24 KEY INDICATORS FOR THE LATIN AMERICA SEGMENT

Change in %

Constant

2018 2017 As reported Currency?

Revenue in €M 686 720 ©) 22

Health care services 489 515, ©) 27

Health care products 197 205 (4) u

Number of dialysis treatments 5,080,020 4,865,046 4

Same market treatment growth in % 13 15

Operating income in € M 29 58 (51) (65)
Operating income margin in % 4.2 8.

Delivered EBIT in € M2 29 58 (51) (65)

" For further information on Constant Currency, see chapter “Overview about the Group” section “Performance management system” starting on PAGE 23
? For further information on Delivered EBIT, including a reconciliation of Delivered EBIT to operating income for each of our operating segments, see chapter “Overview about the Group” section

“Performance management system” starting on PAGE 23


--- Page 35 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

FINANCIAL POSITION

Our investment and financing strategy did not change sub-
stantially in the past fiscal year as our business model, which
is based on stable and high cash flows, allows for a more
consistent and higher level of debt than might be the case in
other industries. We still regard our refinancing options as
being very stable and flexible. During the fiscal year, the focus
of our investing activities was on our health care services
business.

Financial management policies and goals

Besides optimizing our financial costs, financial flexibility
takes top priority within our financing strategy. We ensure
this flexibility by using a wide range of financial instruments
and securing a high level of diversification with regard to our
investors and banks. Our financing profile is characterized by
a wide range of maturities up to 2025.

The main financing instrument is the syndicated credit agree-
ment with revolving credit facilities as well as long-term loans
in u.s. dollar and euro. In addition, we use other mid and
long-term financing instruments, mainly bonds in u.s. dollar
and euro and Convertible Bonds. Short-term financing needs
are covered by issuances under our commercial paper pro-
gram in euro and the Accounts Receivable Facility.

In our long-term financial planning, we focus primarily on the
net leverage ratio, a non-irrs Measure, see the “Net leverage
ratio (Non-IFRS Measure)” section on PAGE 25. At December 31,
2018 and 2017, the net leverage ratio was 1.8 and 2.1, respec-
tively.

The key financial risks we are exposed to include foreign
exchange risk and interest rate risk. In order to manage these
risks, we enter into various hedging transactions with banks
that have been authorized by the Management Board and
which generally have ratings in the “A” category or better.
We do not use financial instruments for trading or other
speculative purposes (for financial risks, see the “Risks and
Opportunities Report” starting on PAGE 63 AND NOTE 23 of the
notes to the consolidated financial statements).

Fresenius se, under a service agreement, conducts financial
instrument activities for us under the control of a single cen-
tralized department. We have established guidelines for risk
management procedures and controls including the use of
financial instruments. These guidelines include a clear segre-
gation of duties with regards to execution on one side and
administration, accounting and controlling on the other.

We also utilize Fresenius se’s cash management system for
the settlement of certain intercompany receivables and pay-
ables with its subsidiaries and other related parties.

72.25 RATING!

Standard

& Poor's Moody's Fitch
Corporate credit rating BBB- Baa3 BBB-
Outlook positive stable stable

" A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities of the Company, and may be
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

Rating

We are rated investment grade by the three leading rating
agencies, Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch.

Effect of off-balance-sheet financing instruments
on our financial position and assets and liabilities

We are not involved in off-balance-sheet transactions that are
likely to materially affect our financial position, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, assets or capital-
ization.

Sources of liquidity

Our primary sources of liquidity are typically cash provided by
operating activities, cash provided by short-term debt from
third parties and related parties, as well as proceeds from the
issuance of long-term debt (including the issuance of bonds
under a newly established debt issuance program) and equity
securities as well as divestitures. We require this capital pri-
marily to finance working capital needs, fund acquisitions
and clinics in which we have ownership of less than 100 %,
develop free-standing renal dialysis clinics and other health
care facilities, purchase equipment for existing or new renal
dialysis clinics and production sites, repay debt, pay dividends
and repurchase shares. For more information, see the “Net
cash provided by (used in) investing activities” section start-
ing on PAGE 53 and the “Net cash provided by (used in)
financing activities” section starting on PAGE 54.

At December 31, 2018, we had cash and cash equivalents of
€2,146 M (December 31, 2017: €978 M).


--- Page 36 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

Free cash flow (net cash provided by (used in) operating activ-
ities, after capital expenditures, before acquisitions and
investments) in 2018 amounted to €1,059 M (2017: €1,351 M).
Free cash flow is a Non-irrs Measure and is reconciled to net
cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most
directly comparable irrs measure in the “Performance man-
agement system” section starting on PAGE 23. Free cash flow
in percent of revenue was 6.4 % in 2018 (2017: 7.6 %).

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

During 2018 we generated net cash provided by operating
activities of €2,062 M (2017: €2,192 M). Net cash provided by
operating activities in percent of revenue remained stable at
12 % for 2018, the same as in prior year. Cash provided by
(used in) operating activities is impacted by the profitability of
our business, the development of our working capital, princi-
pally inventories, receivables and cash outflows that occur
due to a number of specific items as discussed below. The
decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was
largely driven by the impact from the 2017 payment related to
the VA Agreement, increased inventory levels and the impact
from a discretionary contribution of €43 m to pension plan
assets in the United States, partially offset by lower income
tax payments in the us driven by the lower us tax rate effec-
tive January 1, 2018 as well as payments for 2016 that had
been deferred to the beginning of 2017.

The profitability of our business depends significantly on
reimbursement rates. Approximately 80 % of our revenue is
generated by providing health care services, a major portion
of which is reimbursed by either public health care organiza-
tions or private insurers. In 2018, approximately 33 % of our
consolidated revenue was attributable to u.s. federal health

care benefit programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid reim-
bursement. Legislative changes could affect Medicare reim-
bursement rates for a significant portion of the services we
provide, as well as the scope of Medicare coverage. A
decrease in reimbursement rates or the scope of coverage
could have a material adverse effect on our business, finan-
cial condition and results of operations and thus on our
capacity to generate cash flow.

The stability of reimbursement in the u.s. has been affected
by (i) the implementation of the esrp pes in January 2011, (ii)
the u.s. federal government across the board spending cuts
in payments to Medicare providers commonly referred to as
“u.s. Sequestration”, (iii) the phased reduction to the EsRD
PPS rate to account for the decline in utilization of certain
drugs and biologicals associated with dialysis pursuant to the
American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (aTRA) as subsequently
modified under the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014
(Pama) and (iv) cMs’s 2017 final rule on the Physician Fee
Schedule, which partially corrected reimbursement for certain
procedures that were materially undervalued in 2016.

We intend to continue to address our current cash and
financing requirements using cash provided by operating
activities, our existing and future credit agreements, issu-
ances under the commercial paper program (sEE NOTE 13 of
the notes to the consolidated financial statements) as well as
the utilization of the Accounts Receivable Facility. In addition,
when funds are required for acquisitions or to meet other
needs, we expect to successfully complete long-term financ-
ing arrangements, such as the issuance of bonds. We aim to
preserve financial resources with a minimum of €500 m of
committed and unutilized credit facilities.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities depends
on the collection of accounts receivable. Commercial custom-
ers and governments generally have different payment cycles.
Lengthening their payment cycles could have a material
adverse effect on our capacity to generate cash flow. In addi-
tion, we could face difficulties in enforcing and collecting
accounts receivable under some countries’ legal systems and
due to the economic conditions in some countries. Accounts
receivable balances, net of valuation allowances, represented
Days Sales Outstanding (Dso) of 75 days at both December 31,
2018 and 2017.

bso by segment is calculated by dividing the segment's
accounts and other receivable and contract liabilities, con-
verted to euro using the average exchange rate for the period
presented, less any sales or value added tax included in the
receivables, by the average daily sales for the last twelve
months of that segment, converted to euro using the average
exchange rate for the period. Receivables and sales are
adjusted for amounts related to acquisitions and divestitures
made within the reporting period with a purchase price above
a €50 mM threshold as defined in the Amended 2012 Credit
Agreement. pso amounts reported in the prior year have
been adjusted to conform to the current year’s presentation.

The development of pso by reporting segment is shown in
TABLE 2.26 ON PAGE 53.

The pso increase in the North America Segment was largely
due to the build-up of annually settled receivables, partially
offset by a decrease due to the divestment of Sound which
carried a higher than average Dso. The decreases in the pso
for the emeA Segment and the Latin America Segment pri-
marily relate to the improved collection efforts from health


--- Page 37 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

12.26 DEVELOPMENT OF DAYS SALES OUTSTANDING
IN DAYS, DECEMBER 31

2018 2017
North America Segment 60 59
EMEA Segment 98 102
Asia-Pacific Segment 116 123
Latin America Segment 119 127
FMC AG & CO. KGAA AVERAGE

DAYS SALES OUTSTANDING 75 75

care organizations in the respective regions. The decrease in
the Asia-Pacific Segment was driven by an improvement of
payment collections in China.

Due to the fact that a large portion of our reimbursement is
provided by public health care organizations and private
insurers, we expect that most of our accounts receivable will
be collectible.

We are subject to ongoing and future tax audits in the u.s.,
Germany and other jurisdictions. With respect to these
potential adjustments and disallowances of tax matters cur-
rently under review, we do not anticipate that an unfavorable
ruling could have a material impact on our results of opera-
tions. We are not currently able to determine the timing of
these potential additional tax payments.

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

Net cash used in investing activities was €245 m for 2018 (2017:
€992 M). TABLE 2.27 shows our capital expenditures for prop-

erty, plant and equipment, net of proceeds from sales of prop-
erty, plant and equipment as well as acquisitions, investments
and purchases of intangible assets for 2018 and 2017.

The majority of our capital expenditures were used for main-
taining existing clinics, equipping new clinics, maintaining
and expanding production facilities (primarily in the North
America Segment, France, Germany and China), capitaliza-
tion of machines provided to our customers and for Care
Coordination as well as capitalization of certain development
costs. Capital expenditures were approximately 6 % of total
revenue in 2018 (2017: 5 %).

Investments in 2018 were primarily driven by securities and an
equity investment in Humacyte, a medical research, discovery
and development company, to gain a 19 % fully diluted own-
ership stake as well as a related exclusive global distribution
right to Humacyte’s bioengineered human acellular vessels

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

within the North America Segment. The remaining invest-
ments in the North America Segment, the EmeA Segment and
the Latin America Segment were largely in acquisitions of
dialysis clinics as well as license agreements and distribution
rights in the North America Segment. In 2018, we received
€1,683 M from divestitures mainly related to the divestment of
Sound on June 28, 2018 (SEE NOTE 4 C of the notes to the con-
solidated financial statements), as well as the sale of securi-
ties in the amount of €150 mM.

Investments in 2017 were mainly driven by acquisitions of clin-
ics in the North America Segment and a Care Coordination
acquisition in the Asia-Pacific Segment. In 2017, we also
received €415 mM from divestitures mainly related to the sale of
securities of €256 m and the divestment of our non-dialysis
laboratory testing services business in December 2017.

12.27 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES (NET), ACQUISITIONS, INVESTMENTS AND PURCHASES OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS.
INEM

Capital expenditures,

Acquisitions, investments and

net purchases of intangible assets

2018 2017 2018 2017

North America Segment 495 437 768 328
Thereof investments in securities 480 10
EMEA Segment 140 107 77 66
Asia-Pacific Segment 43 38 21 156
Latin America Segment 24 35 36 7
Corporate 301 224 23 9
TOTAL 1,003 841 925 566



--- Page 38 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

In 2019 we anticipate capital expenditures of €1.0 to €1.2 BN
and expect to make acquisitions and investments, excluding
investments in securities, of approximately €0.4 to €0.6 BN,
see the “Outlook” starting on PAGE 58.

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

Net cash used in financing activities was €682 M in 2018 (2017:
€799 M).

In 2018, cash was mainly used in the repayments of long-term
debt and capital lease obligations including the repayment of
Bonds due in September 2018, the payment of dividends, the
complete repayment of amounts drawn under the accounts
receivable facility, distributions to noncontrolling interests
and repayments of short-term debt, partially offset by
proceeds from short-term debt (including drawings under the
commercial paper program), long-term debt and capital
lease obligations through an issuance under the newly estab-
lished debt issuance program and short-term debt from
related parties.

In 2017, cash was mainly used to repay long-term debt and
capital lease obligations including the repayment of Bonds
due in July 2017 and partial repayment of a usp term loan
under the Amended 2012 Credit Agreement, distributions to
noncontrolling interests, the payment of dividends as well as
the repayment of short-term debt, partially offset by pro-
ceeds from long-term debt and capital lease obligations
including the issuance of a euro term loan under the Amended
2012 Credit Agreement, proceeds from short-term debt
including issuances of commercial papers as well as drawings
under the Accounts Receivable Facility.

54

On May 23, 2018, we paid a dividend of €1.06 for 2017 (€0.96
for 2016 paid in 2017). The total dividend payment was €325 M
in 2018 (2017: €294 M).

CHART 2.28 summarizes our significant long-term financing
instruments as well as their maturity structure at Decem-
ber 31, 2018.

For a description of our short-term debt including the com-
mercial paper program, SEE NOTE 13 of the notes to the con-
solidated financial statements. For a description of our
long-term sources of liquidity, including the Amended 2012
Credit Agreement, bonds, equity-neutral convertible bonds
and the Accounts Receivable Facility, see NoTE 14 of the notes
to the consolidated financial statements.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

TABLE 2.29 ON PAGE 55 summarizes our available sources of
liquidity at December 31, 2018.

An additional source of liquidity is our commercial paper pro-
gram under which up to €1,000 m of short-term notes can be
issued on a flexible and continuous basis. As of December 31,
2018 we fully utilized the commercial paper program. As of
December 31, 2017 €680 M, was outstanding under the com-
mercial paper program.

The amount of guarantees and other commercial commit-
ments at December 31, 2018 was not significant.

At December 31, 2018, we had short-term debt (excluding the
current portion of long-term debt) and short-term debt from
related parties in the total amount of €1,394 M.

€2.28

(BASED ON NOMINAL AMOUNTS OUTSTANDING)
INEM

2019

2020 2021

2,000

1,500

1,000

500

MATURITY STRUCTURE OF OUR SIGNIFICANT LONG-TERM FINANCING INSTRUMENTS

2022 2023 2024 2025

. [=] _
)

— Bonds 2012 Credit Agreement == Convertible Bonds


--- Page 39 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

TABLE 2.30 Summarizes our obligations and commitments to
make future payments under our long-term debt and other
long-term obligations, and our commitments and obligations
under lines of credit and letters of credit as of December 31,
2018.

Our debt instruments, including the Amended 2012 Credit
Agreement, outstanding bonds and the Accounts Receivable
Facility contain covenants restricting or limiting our ability to
dispose of assets, incur additional debt, create liens or engage
in sale and lease backs. However, these are subject to a num-
ber of exceptions and qualifications or may be suspended
based on a ratings trigger. In addition, under our Amended
2012 Credit Agreement and Accounts Receivable Facility, we
are obligated to not exceed a maximum consolidated lever-
age ratio (ratio of consolidated funded debt less cash and
cash equivalents to consolidated eBitDA) as these terms are
defined in these financing agreements.

A breach of any of the covenants in any of the instruments or
agreements governing our long-term debt could, in turn, cre-
ate additional defaults under one or more of the other instru-
ments or agreements. In default, the outstanding balance
under the Amended 2012 Credit Agreement becomes due at
the option of the lenders under that agreement and the
“cross default” provisions in our other long-term debt permit
the lenders to accelerate the maturity of other debt upon
such a default. As of December 31, 2018, we were in compli-
ance with all covenants under the Amended 2012 Credit
Agreement and our other financing agreements. For informa-
tion regarding our Amended 2012 Credit Agreement, bonds
and the Accounts Receivable Facility, see NoTE 14 of the notes
to consolidated financial statements.

55 FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

72.29 AVAILABLE SOURCES OF LIQUIDITY

INEM
Expiration per period of

Less than Over
Total 1year 1-3 years 3-5 years 5 years
Accounts Receivable Facility 763 - 763 - -
Amended 2012 Credit Agreement? 1,385 - - 1,385 -
Other unused lines of credit 387 387 - - -
TOTAL 2,535 387 763 1,385 -

" Subject to availability of sufficient accounts receivable that meet funding criteria. At December 31, 2018, the Company had letters of credit outstanding in the amount of $27 M (€23 M) which reduces

the availability under the Accounts Receivable Facility to the amount shown in this table

* at December 31, 2018, the Company had letters of credit outstanding in the amount of $2 M (€1 M) which reduces the availability under the revolving credit facility to the amount shown in this table.

12.30 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS '
INEM

Payments due by period of

Less than

Total year 1-3 years 3-5years Over 5 years
Long-term debt? 6,789 1,327 2,710 1,820 932
Capital lease obligations 44 10 16 5 13
Operating leases 5,528 822 1,451 1,097 2,158
Unconditional purchase obligations for inventory 492 263 166 60 3
Other long-term obligations? 229 171 58 = =
Letters of credit 25 13 12 - -
TOTAL 13,107 2,606 4,413 2,982 3,106

* Our pension liabilities are not included in the table of contractual obligations and commitments. The regular or special funding of our pension plans may adversely affect our liquidity in the future
periods. The liability recognized in our consolidated financial statements may fluctuate significantly in future periods due to changes in assumptions, in particular the discount rate, rate of future
‘compensation increases and pension progression. Actual results could differ from assumptions due to changing market, economic and governmental regulatory conditions, thereby resulting in an
increase or decrease of the liability. Employer contributions expected to be paid to the defined benefit plans during fiscal year 2019 are €1 M. For additional information regarding our pension plans and
expected payments for the next ten years, SEE NOTE 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Further unconditional purchase agreements exist with an equity method investee of the
Company. For further information on these agreements, see Nore 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements

* Includes expected interest payments which are based upon the principal repayment schedules and fixed interest rates or estimated variable interest rates considering the applicable interest rates (e.g

Libor, Euribor), the applicable margins, and the effects of related interest rate swaps.
» Other long-term obligations consist mainly of production asset acquisition commitments.


--- Page 40 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

Although current and future economic conditions could
adversely affect our business and our profitability, we believe
that we are well positioned to continue to grow our business
while meeting our financial obligations as they come due.
Due to the non-discretionary nature of the health care ser-
vices we provide, the need for health care products utilized to
provide such services and the availability of government reim-
bursement for a substantial portion of our health care ser-
vices, our business is generally not cyclical. A substantial
portion of our accounts receivable are generated by govern-
mental payors. While payment and collection practices vary
significantly between countries and even between agencies
within one country, government payors usually represent low
to moderate, credit risks. However, limited or expensive
access to capital could make it more difficult for our custom-
ers to do business with us, or to do business generally, which
could adversely affect our business by causing our customers
to reduce or delay their purchases of our health care prod-
ucts. See the “Results of operations” section starting on
PAGE 38. If the conditions in the capital markets worsen, they
could also increase our financing costs and limit our financial
flexibility.

At our Annual General Meeting on May 16, 2019, our General
Partner and our Supervisory Board will propose to the share-
holders a dividend of €1.17 per share for 2018, payable in 2019
(for 2017 paid in 2018: €1.06). The total expected dividend pay-
ment is approximately €359 M compared to dividends of
€325 M for 2017 paid in 2018.

Our 2019 principal financing needs are the payments out-
standing for the planned acquisition of NxStage, repayment
of bonds in July 2019, the share repurchase program as well
as quarterly payments under our Amended 2012 Credit Agree-

ment Term Loans. These payments as well as our dividend
payment of approximately €359 m in May 2019, and the antic-
ipated capital expenditures, and further acquisition payments
are expected to be covered by our cash flows, using existing
credit facilities and, if required, additional debt financing. We
currently have sufficient flexibility under our debt covenants
to meet our financing needs in the near future. Generally, we
believe that we will have sufficient financing to achieve our
goals in the future and to continue to promote our growth.

NET ASSETS

Our total assets were €26,242 M, an increase of €2,217 M (9 %)
over the prior year. At Constant Exchange Rates, total assets
would have increased by €1,608 M (7 %) to €25,634 M.

Non-current assets increased by €744 M (4 %) to €18,395 M in
2018 and decreased to 70 % of total assets from 73 % of total
assets in 2017. At Constant Exchange Rates, they would have
increased by 1 % to €17,915 M compared to the prior year. This
was primarily a result of higher capital expenditures, an
increase in other non-current assets due to investments in
debt securities, and an equity investment in Humacyte to gain
a19 % fully diluted ownership stake. It was partially offset by
a decrease in goodwill mainly due to the divestiture of Sound
on June 28, 2018.

Current assets increased by 23 % to €7,847 M (an increase of
21 % at Constant Exchange Rates). This increase at Constant
Exchange Rates was mainly the result of an increase in cash
and cash equivalents, primarily due to the short-term invest-
ment of the cash proceeds from the divestiture of Sound,
other current assets due to investments in debt securities and
increased income tax refundables as well as higher invento-

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

ries due to increased finished goods. This was partially offset
by a decrease in trade accounts and other receivables.

On the liability side of the balance sheet, our total liabilities
were €13,340 M at December 31, 2018, an increase of €142 M
(1 %) from €13,198 M in 2017. At Constant Exchange Rates,
total liabilities decreased by 1 %. The decrease in long-term
debt at Constant Exchange Rates was partially offset by
higher short-term debt and an increase in the current portion
of long-term debt. Additionally, deferred tax liabilities
increased. In addition non-current provisions and other
non-current liabilities decreased at Constant Exchange Rates
due to the revaluation of milestone payments and earn-out
agreements and of the embedded derivative related to the
convertible debt.

Current liabilities account for €2,501 mM of our debt, an
increase of €848 M (€812 M at Constant Exchange Rates) as
compared to €1,653 M in the prior year. This was mainly a
result of the reclassification of bonds denominated in euro
and u.s. dollar to the current portion of long-term debt, as
these bonds will mature in 2019, as well as the additional issu-
ance of commercial papers. It was partially offset by the
repayment of euro- and u.s. dollar-denominated bonds that
matured in the third quarter of 2018 and a reduction of the
quarterly repayments of the Amended 2012 Credit Agree-
ment. Long-term debt fell to €5,046 m from €5,795 m in the
prior year, a decrease of €749 m (€891 M at Constant Exchange
Rates). This was mainly a result of the reclassification of bonds
denominated in euro and u.s. dollar to the current portion of
long-term debt as well as the complete repayment of amounts
drawn under the accounts receivable facility. It was partially
offset by the issuance of new bonds. see ALso NoTE 14 of the
notes to the consolidated financial statements.


--- Page 41 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

Shareholders’ equity increased by 19 % to €12,902 m. At Con-
stant Exchange Rates equity increased by €1,766 mM. This was
mainly due to net income, proceeds from exercised stock
options, the valuation of noncontrolling interests subject to
put provisions at fair value and effects from the purchase/sale
of noncontrolling interests. The increase was partially offset
by dividend payments, contributions to noncontrolling inter-
ests and the purchase of treasury stock. The equity to assets
ratio increased to 49 % at December 31, 2018 from 45 % at
December 31, 2017.

At Group level, the Roic increased from 8.6 % as at December
31, 2017 to 12.4 % as at December 31, 2018. Goodwill under
the item “invested capital” had a significant impact on the
calculation of the roic. In 2018, the Roic at Group level sub-
stantially exceeded our cost of capital. The Weighted Average
Cost of Capital (wacc) was 6.3 %.

For supplementary information on capital management and
capital structure, SEE ALSO NOTE 18 of the notes to the consol-
idated financial statements.

THE MANAGEMENT'S GENERAL ASSESSMENT

We continued to grow in 2018. Fresenius Medical Care gener-
ated a very solid cash flow that we use to accelerate further
investments in future growth. In addition, we want our share-
holders to benefit as well. We achieved a strong increase in
net income, continuously strengthened our core competen-
cies, and further positioned the Company to meet the chal-
lenges of a rapidly developing health care market. Our Global
Efficiency Program is also picking up speed. In the future, we
want to further optimize our cost base and take advantage of
growth opportunities such as the expansion of home care in

the u.s. and the increasing number of patients in emerging
economies.

At the time this Management Report was prepared, the
Management Board continued to assess the development of
Fresenius Medical Care as positive. Demand for our products
and services continue to grow steadily around the world.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Refer to Note 27 of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018


--- Page 42 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

OUTLOOK

The outlook describes how Fresenius Medical Care
expects to perform in fiscal year 2019. These
statements take into account all events known

at the time the financial statements were
prepared which could affect the development

of our business in 2019.

BUSINESS POLICY

Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading dialysis com-
pany. We aim to further expand this position in the years
ahead. As always, the basic principle of our corporate strat-
egy is to fully capture the potential of being a vertically inte-
grated company. This means consistently making use of the
advantages that arise from covering the complete value chain
of dialysis. Fresenius Medical Care intends to make steady
progress in the provision of holistic care to dialysis patients
and dialysis-related treatments. In addition to our products
and dialysis treatment itself, we will continue to offer supple-

12.31 EXPECTED GROWTH IN PATIENT NUMBERS

Growth 2019

North America ~4%
EMEA ~4%
Asia-Pacific ~8%
Latin America ~3%
WORLDWIDE ~6%

Source: Internal estimates

mentary medical services for the treatment of our patients in
the area of Care Coordination in the future.

We have no plans to make significant changes to our busi-
ness policy.

SECTOR-SPECIFIC ENVIRONMENT —
DIALYSIS MARKET

The Company expects the number of dialysis patients world-
wide to grow by about 6 % in 2019. Some significant regional
differences are likely to remain: The Company anticipates an
increase in the u.s., Japan and Western and Central Europe of
4%. The number of patients with chronic kidney disease is
already relatively high in these countries and regions and
patients generally have reliable access to treatment, normally
dialysis. In economically weaker regions, the growth rates will
be higher. We expect patient numbers to continue growing in
the coming years — SEE TABLE 2.31.

Our growth strategy is based on an in-depth analysis of the
major trends affecting Fresenius Medical Care:

» Demographic change: Demographic factors are one of the
main reasons for the continued growth of dialysis markets.
As average life expectancy rises worldwide, the share of
older people in the population is also growing. However,
kidney function deteriorates with age. Therefore, demo-
graphic change is an important indicator for the future
number of dialysis patients, which is expected to increase
from around 3.4 mM worldwide in 2018 to about 4.9 m in 2025.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

> Increase in lifestyle diseases: Diseases such as high blood
pressure and diabetes are on the rise around the world.
They can cause damage to the entire organism and also
often impair kidney function in the long-term.

Improved access to medical care: Thanks to ongoing efforts
to establish and expand balanced and sustainable health
care systems in many countries around the globe, a grow-
ing number of patients are gaining access to suitable dialy-
sis treatments for the first time. We expect this trend to
continue and drive demand for high-quality products and
treatments.

Changes in the health care industry: The health care indus-
try is constantly changing. We believe that demand for the
holistic care of chronic patients will continue to rise. In
future, the focus when treating kidney patients will no lon-
ger be simply on offering individual dialysis products or ser-
vices, but also on combining all fields of application related
to dialysis and coordinating them more effectively.

Hemodialysis will remain the treatment of choice, accounting
for about 89 % of all dialysis therapies. Peritoneal dialysis will
continue to be the preferred treatment for about 11 % of all
dialysis patients.

The volume of the worldwide dialysis market, which
amounted to about €71 BN last year according to preliminary
estimates, is expected to increase by around 4 % per year. This
is based on the assumption that exchange rates will remain
stable in the forecasting period. The overall volume of the
dialysis market could thus reach around €74 BN by 2019.

In addition, the reimbursement and ancillary services utiliza-
tion environment significantly influences our business. In the
u.s., our biggest sales market, the reimbursements of govern-


--- Page 43 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

mental institutions are lower than the reimbursements of
private insurers. Therefore, a change in the portion of reim-
bursements by private insurers in the u.s. influences our
business.

THE COMPANY'S BUSINESS
PERFORMANCE IN 2019 AND 2020

Fresenius Medical Care’s outlook for 2019 and 2020 is based
on the prevailing exchange rates at the beginning of the year.
Outlook 2019 and 2020 as well as the basis 2018 for Outlook
2019 are and will be adjusted in order to make the business
performance in the respective periods comparable for items
such as: FcPA Related Charges, the irrs 16 Implementation,
the contributions from Sound in the first half year of 2018, the
gain (loss) related to divestitures of Care Coordination activi-
ties and expenses for the cost optimization program. All
effects from the pending acquisition of NxStage are excluded
from the Outlook 2019 and 2020. For a reconciliation of the
results 2018 to the results 2018 adjusted as a basis for the
targets 2019, SEE TABLE 2.33 ON PAGE 61.

REVENUE

We aim to further increase our revenue at Constant Currency
between 3 to 7 % in 2019. This growth rate is based on 2018
revenue excluding the contributions from Sound in the first
half year 2018. For 2020 we aim to reach a mid to high single
digit revenue growth rate at Constant Currency.

Or
Wo}

RESULT OF OPERATIONS
Operating income

We expect operating income and Delivered esit to develop in
the range of -1 to 3 % at Constant Currency in 2019. The
growth rate is based on 2018 operating income and Delivered
EBIT excluding the contributions from Sound in the first half
year 2018, the effects from the (gain) loss related to divesti-
tures of Care Coordination activities and the 2018 Fcpa Related
Charge. For 2020 we aim to reach a mid to high single digit
growth rate for egit and Delivered eit at Constant Currency.

Net income

We aim to achieve a development in net income (net income
attributable to shareholders of FmMc AG & CO. KGAA) in the
range of -2 to 2 % in 2019 at Constant Currency. This growth
rate is based on 2018 net income excluding the contributions
from Sound in the first half year 2018, the effects from the
(gain) loss related to divestitures of Care Coordination activi-
ties and the 2018 FcrpaA Related Charge. For 2020 we aim to
reach a mid to high single digit growth rate for net income at
Constant Currency.

Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share are expected to develop in the same
way as net income in 2019 compared to 2018 assessed based
on expected development of net income and shares out-
standing.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND ACQUISITIONS
AND INVESTMENTS

In 2019, we intend to spend around €1.4 to €1.8 BN on capital
expenditures, acquisitions and investments (excluding invest-
ments in securities). Capital expenditures should account for
€1.0 to €1.2 BN. Around 40 % of this amount is earmarked for
expansion investments. Approximately €0.4 to €0.6 BN is to be
used for mainly bolt-on acquisitions and equity investments in
health care.

Capital expenditures will primarily be used to expand our
worldwide production capacities and rationalize production
processes, to equip new dialysis clinics and distributors as well
as for maintenance.

LIQUIDITY
Cash flow

In 2019, net cash provided by operating activities in percent of
revenue is again expected to account for more than 10 %.

In 2019, free cash flow in percent of revenue is again expected
to account for more than 4 % of revenue.

Net leverage ratio

Fresenius Medical Care uses the net leverage ratio as a guide-
line in its long-term financial planning. The ratio was 1.8 at
the end of 2018. The target figure is expected to be better
than 2.5 at the end of 2019.


--- Page 44 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

PROFITABILITY
We expect roic to be at least 8.0 % compared to 12.4 % in 2018.

DIVIDEND

Fresenius Medical Care intends to continue its profit-oriented
dividend policy in principle. Information on the proposed div-
idend increase can be found in the “Net cash provided by
(used in) financing activities” section starting on PAGE 54.

NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
Employees

Due to the anticipated expansion of our business, we expect
the number of employees to grow in all regions in 2019, partic-
ularly in the area of health care. By the end of 2019, the number
of employees working for Fresenius Medical Care is estimated
to increase to more than 117,000 (full-time equivalents).

Research and development

We aim to spend €160 m to €170 M on research and develop-
ment in 2019. The number of employees (currently 933 full-
time equivalents) should not change significantly.

The expected developments might be influenced by develop-
ments described in the “Risks and Opportunities Report”
starting ON PAGE 63.

Our outlook for the financial years 2019 and 2020 is summa-
rized in TABLE 2.32.

60

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

72.32 OUTLOOK 2019 AND 2020

Results 2018

Outlook 2019 Outlook 2020

adjusted (at Constant Currency)" (at Constant Currency)"
Revenue? €16.0 BN Growth 3-7 % mid to high single digit growth rate
Operating income? €2.3 BN Growth (1) to 3 % mid to high single digit growth rate
Delivered EBIT? €2.0 BN Growth (1) to 3 % mid to high single digit growth rate
Net income?# €1.3 BN na. na
Net income growth at Constant Currency?? na Growth (2) to 2 % mid to high single digit growth rate
assessed based on expected assessed based on expected
Basic earnings per share growth at Constant development of net income development of net income
Currency?? na and shares outstanding and shares outstanding
Capital expenditures €1.0 BN €1.0-€1.2 BN na
Acquisitions and investments* €0.4BN €0.4-€0.6 BN na
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activi-
ties in % of revenue 12.5 >10 na
Free cash flow in % of revenue 6.4 >4 na
Net leverage ratio 1.8 <25 na
ROIC in % 12.4 28.0 na
assessed based on expected develop-
ment of net income and shares
Dividend per share® €1.17 outstanding na
Employees® 112,658 > 117,000 na
Research and development expenses €134M €160-€170 M na

* Outlook 2019 and 2020 are and will be adjusted in order to make the business performance comparable to results 2018 adjusted for items such as: FCPA Related Charges, the IFRS 16 Implementation,
the gain (loss) related to divestitures of Care Coordination activities and expenses for the cost optimization program. All effects from the pending acquisition of NxStage are excluded from the Outlook

2019 and 2020.

2 Results 2018 adjusted: For a reconciliation of Results 2018 to Results 2018 adjusted see TABLE 2.33 ON PAGE 61

+ Net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA.

* Excluding investments in securities.

* Results 2018: Proposal to be approved by the Annual General Meeting on May 16, 2019,

* Full-time equivalents,


--- Page 45 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

61

12.33 RECONCILIATION OF RESULTS 2018 TO RESULTS 2018 ADJUSTED AS BASIS FOR TARGETS 2019

INEM
(Gain) loss related to

divestitures of Care 2018 FCPA Results 2018

Results 2018 Coordination activities Related Charge Sound H1 2018 adjusted

Revenue 16,547 (621) 16,026
Operating income 3,038 (809) 7 (14) 2,292
Delivered EBIT 2,794 (809) 7 (14) 2,048
Net income! 1,982 (673) 28 4 1,341

" Net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA.

For a reconciliation of the results 2018 to the results 2018
adjusted as a basis for the targets 2019, SEE TABLE 2.33. For
further details on the consolidated operating performance on
a comparable basis and adjusted, see the “Results of opera-
tions, financial position and net assets” section starting on
PAGE 37.

GLOBAL EFFICIENCY PROGRAM

In 2017 we announced the second phase of our Global Effi-
ciency Program (cep 1) The program's objectives are to iden-
tify and realize further efficiency potential and enhance our
overall competitiveness. In 2018, we achieved 15 % of the tar-
geted sustained cost improvements, which is well ahead of
the anticipated contribution of 10 % for the year. Therefore,
we increased the lower end of the expected range of sus-
tained cost improvements to €150 M and now expect €150 M
to €200 M per annum by 2020.

2019 COST OPTIMIZATION
PROGRAM

We remain committed to a continuous optimization of our
business. In 2019, we will invest around €100 mM in order to
sustainably improve our cost base in addition to the GEP 1!
program. Based on enhancements in the products and ser-
vices business, the 2019 cost optimization program is expected
to be accretive to net income already from 2020 onwards.

Based on the ramp-up of the 2019 cost optimization program,
the phasing of contributions from the GeP 11 and other mea-
sures initiated, we anticipate a back-end loaded acceleration
of adjusted net income growth.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

IMPACTS FROM THE
IMPLEMENTATION OF IFRS 16

Based on a preliminary impact analysis as of December 31,
2018, applying the options and exemptions detailed in NoTE
1 x in the notes to consolidated financial statements as well
as using certain assumptions, especially with regards to lease
agreements newly concluded in 2019, we expect that right-
of-use assets, increased by lease agreements expected to be
newly concluded in 2019 and reduced by depreciation as
detailed below, of approximately €3.9 BN will be presented on
the consolidated balance sheet at the end of the upcoming
fiscal year. Additional lease liabilities, reduced by principal
payments and increased by compounding interest as well as
lease liabilities on lease agreements expected to be newly
concluded in 2019, are expected to be approximately €4.2 BN
at the end of the upcoming fiscal year. Furthermore, we
expect an increase of approximately €120 m on “machinery
and equipment” within property, plant and equipment at the
end of the upcoming fiscal year, as a result of new dialysis
machines used in our own clinics for which sale-leaseback
accounting is no longer applicable. As such, we expect an
increase in other financial debt of approximately €120 mM at
the end of the upcoming fiscal year.

Referring to the consolidated statement of income, in the fis-
cal year 2019 we expect lower rental expenses of approxi-
mately €810 M as well as an increase in depreciation expense
of approximately €680 m. In addition, we expect a reduction
in revenues of approximately €100 m and a related operating
income effect of approximately €40 m due to changes in the
accounting treatment of sale-leaseback transactions. Com-
bined, we expect an operating income improvement of


--- Page 46 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

approximately €90 m. The expected lower rental expenses as
well as the expected decrease in income due to changes in
the accounting treatment of sale-leaseback transactions
would increase Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation
and Amortization (eBitpA) by approximately €770 m. In addi-
tion, we expect an increase in net interest expenses of
approximately €160 mM. Overall, we expect a reduction in net
income of approximately €50 mM.

We expect no changes to total cash outflows but there will be
a shift between the cash flow categories. Cash provided by
operating activities is expected to increase by approximately
€600 M and Cash used in investing activities by approximately
€80 M. Cash used in financing activities is expected to
decrease by approximately €520 m.

We also expect that our net leverage ratio (debt less cash and
cash equivalents (net debt) as compared to EBITDA, adjusted
for acquisitions and divestitures made during the year with a
purchase price above a €50 mM threshold as defined in the
Amended 2012 Credit Agreement and non-cash charges) will
increase by about approximately 0.6 by the end of 2019.

For additional information see NoTE 1 x in the notes to con-
solidated financial statements.

62

MANAGEMENT'S GENERAL
ASSESSMENT

In the financial year 2019 and beyond, we intend to continue
the profitable growth track of Fresenius Medical Care. Our
focus in 2019 will be on investments which improve our cost
base as well as growth investments, such as in the area of
home dialysis in North America, supported by the pending
NxStage acquisition or developing economies with an increas-
ing number of patients. By implementing the second phase
of our Global Efficiency Program, we will also continue to
improve our profitability in the coming years.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018


--- Page 47 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

RISKS AND
OPPORTUNITIES
REPORT

Asan enterprise with global operations, the
Company ts naturally exposed to risks associated
with its business activities. Ultimately, the
Company can only leverage opportunities for its
busi iS ing to take certain risks. Many
years of expertise and the Company's extensive
knowledge of the markets enable it to uncover
and assess risks and opportuniti its business.

RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
MANAGEMENT

The Company sees risk management as the ongoing task of
determining, analyzing and evaluating the spectrum of actual
and potential risks within the Company’s operations and its
environment, and, where possible, taking pre-emptive and
corrective measures. The risk management system provides
the Company with a basis for these activities. It enables man-
agement to identify risks that could jeopardize the Compa-
ny’s growth or going concern, and to take steps to minimize
any negative impact. As such, it is an important component
of the Company's management and governance.

Long-term success for the Company is secured by actively
managing opportunities. The aim here is to identify and
assess opportunities as early as possible, and to initiate appro-

63

priate measures so that opportunities can be turned into
business successes for the Company. Identified long-term
and medium-term opportunities are taken into account in our
strategy and budget planning. Short-term opportunities, pro-
vided that they are aligned with business interests and tar-
gets, are seized by on-going business operations.

RISK MANAGEMENT
RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

The main objective of the risk management system is to iden-
tify potential risks as early as possible to assess their impact
on the business activities and, where necessary, to take
appropriate countermeasures. Due to constantly changing
external as well as internal requirements and conditions, risk
management at Fresenius Medical Care is continuously evolv-
ing. In the past financial year, the Company's risk manage-
ment approach was strengthened regarding the completeness
and validity of risk information by the implementation of risk
committees on regional, functional and corporate level.

The structure of the internal risk management system is
based on the internationally recognized framework for
Company-wide risk management, the “Enterprise Risk
Management — Integrated Framework" of the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(coso). Opportunities are not covered by the implemented
risk management system.

As part of the risk management system, regional risk coordi-
nators assume the task of coordinating risk management

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

activities within the regions and selected functions with the
help of risk management software. These activities relate to
existing and potential emerging short-term as well as medi-
um-term risks. Semiannually, identified risk information is
processed by the risk coordinators and discussed in risk com-
mittees. Subsequently the central risk management function
collects risk management reports from the regions and func-
tions, analyses and discusses them in the corporate risk com-
mittee and communicates the compiled results to the
executive management board. The focus during this process
is on significant risks, which are above a defined threshold.

The executive management board and central risk manage-
ment are promptly informed of risks that are estimated to be
high or develop into high risks in order to ensure appropriate
responses. The effectiveness of the risk management system
is monitored by the Audit and Corporate Governance Com-
mittee of the Supervisory Board.

The organizational structure of risk management at Fresenius
Medical Care as well as the previously described processes are
shown in CHART 2.34 ON PAGE 64.

In addition to risk reporting, standard reporting to manage-
ment is an important tool for managing and controlling risks,
as well as for taking preventive measures in a timely manner.
Therefore, the Management Board of the Company is
informed on a monthly basis about the industry situation, the
Company‘s operating and non-operating business, and the
outcome of analyses of the Company's earnings and financial
position, as well as of the assets position on a quarterly basis.

Part of the risk management system is the Global Internal
Audit department, which is regularly informed about the


--- Page 48 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information
Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

results of the risk management system. This department
determines risk focus areas and audits a selected number of
Company departments, subsidiaries and iT applications
worldwide each year. The department works according to the
internationally accepted standards of the Institute of Internal
Auditors (114), which was confirmed by a quality assessment
in 2017. The scope of internal auditing is widespread and
involves, among other activities, periodic assessment of the
effectiveness of controls (including legal compliance controls)
over business processes, IT security, the reliability of financial

64

reporting and compliance with accounting regulations and
internal policies. The Company's locations and units to be
audited are determined annually on the basis of a selection
model taking various risks into consideration. This annual
audit plan is reviewed and approved by the Management
Board and the Audit and Corporate Governance Committee
of the Supervisory Board. All audit reports with material
observations are presented to the Management Board. The
Global Internal Audit department is also responsible for mon-
itoring the implementation of measures documented in the

2.34 RISK REPORTING

DIT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE OF SUPERVISORY BOARD

| Reporting of consolidated risks

MANAGEMENT BOARD

| Reporting of consolidated risks |
CORPORATE RISK MANAGEMENT

| Reporting of reviewed risks

"processing of
1 Adchoc risks

Adchoc risk reporting

RISK MANAGEMENT SEGMENTS

NORTH LATIN CORPORATE
ewe | |e emo | FUNCTIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

reports. The Management Board is informed about the imple-
mentation status on a quarterly basis. The Audit and Corpo-
rate Governance Committee of the Supervisory Board is also
informed of the audit results. In 2018, a total of 45 audits were
carried out.

Nevertheless, it is important to note that even a functioning
and adequate risk management system like the Company's
cannot guarantee that all risks are fully identified and con-
trolled.

INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM FOR THE
GROUP’S ACCOUNTING PROCESS

The Company's internal control system over financial report-
ing ensures compliance with applicable accounting stan-
dards. The goal is to provide reasonable assurance that the
Group financial statements are issued in accordance with
appropriate accounting principles. The Company's internal
reporting process is generally carried out at four levels and
ensures that financial data and key figures are reliably recorded,
processed and controlled. At each of these four reporting lev-
els — the local entity, the region, the segment and the entire
Group — the figures and data are compared regularly on a
monthly and quarterly basis with the previous year’s values,
budget targets, and the latest projections. In addition, the
Management Board and the departments responsible for pre-
paring the annual and consolidated Group financial state-
ments discuss all parameters, assumptions and estimates that
substantially affect the Group and segment results reported
externally. The Audit and Corporate Governance Committee
of the Supervisory Board also reviews current quarterly results
and compares them with budgets and projections.


--- Page 49 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

The internal control system contains guidelines and instruc-
tions that ensure that all Company transactions are recorded
appropriately and presented accurately.

Further control mechanisms to ensure reliable financial report-
ing and correct recording of transactions within the account-
ing and the consolidation process include automated and
manual reconciliations, as well as the separation of certain
personnel functions to prevent potential conflicts of interest.
The fact that all process owners assess the risks of their
respective processes in terms of their implications for account-
ing also ensures that risks with a direct impact on financial
reporting are identified and that controls are in place to min-
imize these risks. Changes to accounting standards are dis-
cussed on an ongoing basis and considered in the preparation
of the financial statements. Employees responsible for finan-
cial reporting are given regular training to be up to date with
changes regarding accounting standards. The consolidation is
performed centrally by the department which is responsible
for the group accounting. The basis for the consolidation is
derived from reporting packages and sub-group consolidated
financial statements prepared and submitted by the local
group entities. The preparation of the reporting packages and
the sub-group consolidated financial statements is performed
according to central requirements and guidelines.

As the Company is also listed on the New York Stock
Exchange, it is required to adhere to the requirements of the
u.s. Sarbanes-Oxley Act (“sox”). Section 404 of this federal
law stipulates that the management boards of companies
listed in the u.s. must take responsibility for implementing
and adhering to an appropriate internal control system to
produce reliable financial reporting. Based on this require-
ment, the design and operating effectiveness of the internal

control system over financial reporting are routinely tested
and considered in regular internal audits. These criteria are
also included in the review by the Company’s independent
auditors.

The internal control system over financial reporting follows
the criteria of the coso model. This was developed by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission and is recognized as a standard by the Securities
and Exchange Commission (“sec”). In accordance with the
coso model, the internal control system over financial report-
ing is divided into the five components: control environment,
risk assessment, control activities, information and communi-
cation, as well as the monitoring of the internal control sys-
tem. Each of these components is regularly documented,
tested and assessed. The Company aligned its internal con-
trols to fulfil the requirements of the coso model.

The Company's review of the internal control system over
financial reporting complies with a specific sec guideline
(Guidance Regarding Management's Report on Internal Con-
trol Over Financial Reporting) and is conducted with software
support. In a first step, regional project teams coordinate the
assessment of the internal control system in each region,
after which the results are consolidated for the whole Group.
Based on this, management then evaluates the effectiveness
of the internal control system for the current fiscal year. Exter-
nal advisers are consulted as needed. A corporate steering
committee meets several times a year to review changes and
new requirements of sox, to discuss possible control deficien-
cies, and derive further measures. In addition, in its meetings,
the Audit and Corporate Governance Committee of the
Supervisory Board is informed regularly of the results of man-
agement's assessment.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

As of December 31, 2018, management assessed the Compa-
ny’s internal control system over financial reporting and
deemed it effective.

Internal control systems over financial reporting are subject to
inherent limitations, no matter how carefully they are
designed. As a result, there is no absolute assurance that
financial reporting objectives can be met, nor that misstate-
ments will always be prevented or detected.

RISKS

The following section describes significant risks which could
have an impact on our business operations. In the course of
the risk assessment an estimation of the risks takes place
regarding the likelihood of occurrence and the potential
impact in the respective assessment period, allowing a priori-
tization of the risks into the classifications “low” “medium”
and “high”. Besides quantitative factors, especially qualita-
tive factors are applied. For the identification of strategic
developments, besides the short-term consideration (one
year), risks can also be assessed in terms of a medium-term
impact within the subsequent five years.

The scales for classification of potential impact and likelihood
as well as the localization of the risks within the risk matrix
are depicted in CHART 2.35 ON PAGE 66.


--- Page 50 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information
Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

Sector-specific risks
Regulatory environment, quality

The Company's operations in both its health care services
business and products business are subject to extensive gov-
ernmental regulation in virtually every country in which the
Company operates. The Company is also subject to other
laws of general applicability, including anti-trust laws. The
applicable regulations, which differ from country to country,
cover areas that include:

> the quality, safety and efficacy of medical and pharmaceuti-
cal products and supplies,

regulatory approvals and oversight of clinical and certain
non-clinical research and development activities,

product approvals and regulatory approvals for new prod-
ucts or product improvements,

the operation and licensure of manufacturing facilities, lab-
oratories, dialysis clinics and other health care facilities,
audits and reviews by enforcement authorities, including
the Fa, for compliance with applicable drug regulations,
product labeling, advertising and other promotion,
accurate reporting and billing for government and third-
party reimbursement including accurate and complete med-
ical records to support such billing,

the discounting of reimbursed drug and medical device
products and the reporting of drug prices to government
authorities,

the collection, dissemination, access, use, security and pri-
vacy of protected health information and other protected
data,

compliance with due diligence, warranty obligations and
product liability rules and

66

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

235 RISKS WITH POTENTIAL SHORT-TERM EFFECT (ONE YEAR) AND MID-TERM EFFECT (FIVE YEARS)
Risks with potential short-term effect (one year) Risks with potential mid-term effect (five years)?
Tow medium major severe low medium major severe

s 5
3 |= 3
8 8
£ £
£ g
ae 2,4,7, 4,7, 8, >

3 20 18, 19, 20

3 2,11,

= 21,22
RISK AREA

1 Regulatory environment

12 Procurement

Quality

13 Personnel

U.S. federal health care programs

14 Corruption and fraud

Composition of our customer base

15. Information systems and business processes

16 Liquidity and financing

Health care reforms

17° Currencies and interests

Growth

18 Litigation and potential exposures

Competitors

19 Taxes

2
3
4
5 Reimbursement by private insurers
6
7
8
9

Research and development

20 International operations

10 Patents

21 Unpredictable events

11 Referral practices

22 Global economic conditions and disruptions
in financial markets

low risk ——= medium risk == high risk
* Likelihood: unlikely: 0 to 10 %, possible:

cely: > 50 to 90 %, almost certain: > 90 to 100 %

* Potential impact: low: small negative impact, medium: moderate negative impact, major: significant negative impact,

severe: material negative impact.


--- Page 51 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

> compensation of medical directors and other financial
arrangements with physicians and other referral sources.

If the Company fails to comply with one or more of these
laws or regulations, this may give rise to a number of adverse
legal consequences. These include, in particular, loss or sus-
pension of governmental certifications, loss or suspension of
licenses under the laws of governmental authority from
which we generate substantial revenues, monetary and
administrative penalties, recall actions and claims for dam-
ages, increased costs for compliance with government orders,
complete or partial exclusion from government reimburse-
ment programs, refunds of payments received from govern-
ment payors and government health care program
beneficiaries due to any failures to meet applicable require-
ments or complete or partial curtailment of the Company's
authority to conduct business. In the end, these types of risks
could no longer be insured. Including the considerable costs
of legal defense, all the consequences mentioned above
could have a material adverse effect on the Company's busi-
ness, results of operations and financial condition.

A number of the health care businesses in the u.s., that the
Company operates is owned, or managed, by joint ventures
in which one or more hospitals, physicians or physician prac-
tice groups hold an interest. While the Company has struc-
tured its joint venture arrangements with physicians to comply
with many of the criteria for safe harbor protection under the
federal and state Anti-Kickback Statutes, its investments in
these joint venture arrangements do not satisfy all elements
of such safe harbor. If one or more of its joint ventures were
found to be in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute or the
Stark Law, the Company could be required to restructure or
terminate them. The Company also could be required to

67

repay to Medicare, Medicaid as well as other federal health
care amounts pursuant to any prohibited referrals, and the
Company could be subject to monetary penalties and exclu-
sion from federal and state health care programs. Imposition
of any of these penalties could have a material adverse impact
on its business, results of operations and financial condition.

To ensure that our products and services comply with the
quality requirements, we implemented quality management
systems in the different regions. The employees have access
to procedures and work instructions to ensure that the appli-
cable quality requirements are met. In addition, we conduct
internal reviews of the production sites and clinics to monitor
compliance with quality standards of our products and ser-
vices. Furthermore, our plants and hospitals are also subject
to external reviews by the relevant supervisory authorities.
Compliance programs implemented in the regions reduce the
risk of legal violations by providing general and specific rules
of conduct and procedures as well as regular training of the
employees according to the specifications.

U.S. federal health care programs

As stated in the “Macroeconomic and sector-specific environ-
ment” section starting on PAGE 32, our dialysis clinics in the
u.s. participate in the Quality Incentive Program (qiP) within
the EsrD prospective payment system (pps). Payment reduc-
tions of up to 2 % of Medicare reimbursements based on pre-
vious year’s performance can be made if the quality standards
of the qip are not met in the clinics. Should Fresenius Medical
Care fail to meet the QIP’s minimum requirements to a greater
extent, this could have a material adverse effect on our busi-
ness, financial condition and results of operations.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

Through our value-based agreements and health insurance
products, we assume the risk of both medical and administra-
tive costs for certain patients in return for fixed periodic pay-
ments from governmental and commercial insurers. The
Company currently participates in the “Comprehensive EsrD
Care initiative” of the cms as well as remuneration agree-
ments with insurers under which the Company receives a
fixed remuneration to cover all, or a defined amount of treat-
ment costs, for a defined quantity of patients. Detailed
descriptions of the above mentioned and other programs in
which the Company participates can be found in the “Macro-
economic and sector-specific environment” section starting
ON PAGE 32.

Under cms's Comprehensive EsRD Care Model, dialysis provid-
ers and physicians can form entities known as EsRD Seamless
Care Organizations (Escos). escos that achieve the program's
minimum quality thresholds and generate reductions in cms'‘s
cost of care above certain thresholds for the esr patients cov-
ered by the Esco will receive a share of the cost savings. How-
ever, escos that include dialysis chains with more than 200
facilities are required to share in the risk of cost increases and
reimburse cms a share of any such increases.

Although efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act (aca) have
been unsuccessful, further efforts to repeal or revise the ACA
the posture of cms in the current administration toward proj-
ects of this sort and litigation seeking the termination of the
ACA may affect the project's future prospects in ways we cur-
rently cannot quantify or predict.

The reserves that we establish for health insurance policy
benefits and other contractual rights and benefits as well as
estimations of the amount of revenues from health care


--- Page 52 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

services that we recognize in a reporting period are based
upon assumptions and judgments concerning a number of
factors which are subject to uncertainties. Those factors
include trends in health care costs, expenses, general eco-
nomic conditions, the complicated billing and collection pro-
cess, complex and changing laws and regulations subject to
interpretation, determination of primary and secondary cov-
erage and other factors. Additionally, collections, refunds
and payor retractions typically continue to occur for up to
three years or longer after services are provided. To the extent
the actual claims experience is less favorable than estimated
based on our underlying assumptions, the timing and amount
of our recognition of revenues as well as future earnings
could be adversely affected or incurred losses could increase.

The profitability of our value based agreements and insurance
products is dependent in part upon our ability to contract on
favorable terms with hospitals, physicians and other health
care providers. The failure to maintain or to secure cost-effec-
tive health care provider contracts may result in a loss of ben-
eficiaries or higher medical costs, which could adversely
affect our business.

We cannot give any assurance that we will achieve the cost
savings required or contemplated by these programs, which
could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
In addition, we may experience higher write-offs of Medicare
deductibles and other amounts due to uninsured and under-
insured patients, resulting in an increase in uncollectible
accounts.

The Company mitigated the impact of the Esp pes and the
other legislative initiatives referenced above with two broad
measures. First, it works with medical directors and treating

68

physicians to make clinical protocol changes used in treating
patients consistent with the air and good clinical practices,
and it negotiates pharmaceutical acquisition cost savings. In
addition, the Company achieved greater efficiencies and bet-
ter patient outcomes by introducing new initiatives to improve
patient care upon initiation of dialysis, increase the percent-
age of patients using home therapies and achieve additional
cost reductions in its clinics.

Composition of our customer base

Our health care product business, as well as our dialysis ser-
vices business outside the u.s. differs across the regions in
which we operate. In many cases, our products and services
are paid, either directly or indirectly, by government institu-
tions. We believe the risk of default from a government payor
is lower in comparison to the commercial payors worldwide.
On a country level, the payor base is characterized by distinct
customer or payor groups which can range in volume from a
few customers to a considerable amount of customer types
which have varying levels of risk associated with default or
non-payment of receivables as well as risks for dependencies
based upon the competition within low volume customer
base environments. In certain cases, a resulting dependency
on the payment behavior and decision-making of our busi-
ness partners can affect the collectability of accounts receiv-
able and can adversely affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition.

We continuously seek to mitigate these risks by actively nego-
tiating long-term contracts with major customers, targeted
marketing activities, developing new product and pricing
models as well as improving the quality of our services and
products.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

Reimbursement by private insurers

In the u.s. a portion of the dialysis treatments is reimbursed
by private insurers and integrated care organizations; these
reimbursements are in general higher than the reimburse-
ments of the public health care systems. As a result, the pay-
ments we receive from private payors contribute a substantial
portion of our profit. In 2018, approximately 34 % of our con-
solidated health care revenues were attributable to private
payors in the North America Segment. If these payors suc-
ceed in lowering reimbursement rates in the u.s., change the
extent or conditions of their networks or if the portion of
reimbursements by private insurers in general drops, this
could result in a significant reduction in Company revenue
and operating profit. In addition, consolidation among pri-
vate insurers and pharmacy benefit managers may have any
adverse impact on our ability to negotiate favorable coverage
terms and commercially reasonable rates with such insurers.

We monitor the relationships with private health insurance
companies continuously and try to hedge the business
through long-term contracts to maintain profitability.

A portion of our patients who are currently covered by private
insurers may elect to transition to government funded reim-
bursement programs that reimburse us at lower rates for our
services if efforts to restrict or eliminate the charitable fund-
ing of patient insurance premiums are successful.

Health care reforms
A number of governments have been considering proposals

to modify their current health care systems to improve quality
of and access to health care and to control costs. Policy-


--- Page 53 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

makers in several countries are also considering reforms that
could change the methodology used to reimburse providers
of health care services. Also standards and regulations com-
pulsory for providing dialysis service can be subject to exten-
sive changes.

In fiscal year 2018, the Company derived approximately 33 %
of its worldwide revenue from Medicare and Medicaid reim-
bursements in the u.s. Consequently, changes in legislation
or reimbursement practices regarding e.g. the End-Stage
Renal Disease Prospective Payment System (EsRD pps), the
Physician Fee Schedule, the Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule,
and the Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment System could
influence the volume of Medicare and Medicaid reimburse-
ments for services provided and the insurance coverage.

A decrease in reimbursement rates, covered services or
changes to standards, regulations or state funding in coun-
tries in which the Group operates, especially significant
changes in the u.s. Medicare and Medicaid programs could
reduce the Company's revenue and profitability and have a
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition
and results of operations.

In this context it might happen that the annually adjusted
ESRD PPS rates may not provide fully compensating reimburse-
ment for the services or products consumed during service.
This especially refers to the reimbursement of pharmaceuti-
cals depending on their status as outside of or as part of the
bundled rate. Pharmaceuticals included within the bundled
rate are subjected to increased reimbursement pressure. If we
are unable to secure appropriate reimbursement arrange-
ments for the pharmaceuticals we provide in our dialysis clin-

ics, we could experience a material adverse effect on our
operating results. Further, an increased utilization of bundled
pharmaceuticals or decreases in reimbursement for pharma-
ceuticals outside the bundled rate may result in a material
adverse impact on our results of operations.

The u.s. administration has publicly announced its intention
to pursue significant changes to existing health care insur-
ance programs, especially programs in connection with the
AcA. In addition, options to restructure the Medicare program
in the direction of a defined-contribution, “premium sup-
port” model and to shift Medicaid funding to a block grant or
per capita arrangement, with greater flexibility for the states,
are also likely to be considered.

While in 2017, the u.s. administration announced its decision
to end subsidies, known as cost-sharing reduction (csr) pay-
ments under the insurance exchanges created under the Aca,
the Administration eventually did fund csrs in 2018 and has
requested funding for csrs in 2019. If csr funding ceases at
any point, commercial insurers have indicated that premium
rates would need to increase and that they may withdraw
from the insurance exchanges created under the aca. So far
average premiums for 2019 appear to be only moderately
higher compared to 2018, though there is large variation
between states with some states having significant increases.
In addition, there is ongoing litigation over the Federal Gov-
ernment's obligation to pay the csrs and over the constitu-
tionality of provisions of the AcA. It is not predictable, whether
the u.s. administration will agree to the csrs in 2019, continue
to dismantle the insurance exchanges through other means,
or how the ongoing litigation might be determined. As a
result, a reduction in the availability of insurance through

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

such exchanges could reduce the number of our commer-
cially insured patients and shift such patients to Medicare and
Medicaid.

Changes of this nature could have significant effects on our
businesses, both positive and negative, but the outcomes are
impossible to predict.

Risks relating to the Company's business
Growth

The health care industry experiences continuing consolida-
tion particularly among health care providers. This develop-
ment could adversely affect the Company's ability to find
suitable acquisition targets and to increase future growth and
product sales. Additionally, the ability to make future acquisi-
tions as well as to develop de novo dialysis clinics and health
care centers depends, in part, on the availability of financial
resources and the current restrictions imposed by competi-
tion laws as well as existing credit agreements. The integra-
tion of acquired businesses may cause problems e.g. by
assuming unknown liabilities, underperformance subsequent
to integration, associated requirements from competition
authorities or non-compliant business practices not disclosed
by the seller or not uncovered during due diligence. We also
compete with other health care companies in seeking suit-
able acquisition targets and developing de novo clinics. Any
or all of these factors generally could adversely affect future
growth, including growth of our product sales.


--- Page 54 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

Competitors

The Company faces numerous competitors in both its health
care services business and dialysis products business, some of
which may possess substantial financial, marketing or
research and development resources. Competition from new
and existing competitors and especially new competitive
developments such as increasing disruption in the health care
industry as well as innovations in technology and care deliv-
ery models could materially adversely affect the future pricing
and sale of our products and services. In particular, techno-
logical innovation has historically been a significant competi-
tive factor in the dialysis products business. The introduction
of new products or services by competitors could render one
or more of the Company's products or services less competi-
tive or even obsolete, which could also affect the Company's
sales and distribution of pharmaceuticals for which, to some
extent, the Company is obligated to make certain minimum
annual royalty payments.

To ensure our permanent competitiveness, we work closely
together with physicians and scientists. Important technolog-
ical and pharmaceutical innovations are intended to be
quickly identified and further developed, if necessary also by
adapting our business strategy. Moreover, we secure our
competitiveness by ongoing analyzes of our market environ-
ment as well as the regulatory framework. The market activ-
ity, especially our competitors’ products and newly launched
dialysis-related products are thoroughly monitored. The
cooperation between the various technical, medical and aca-
demic institutions within our Company also ensures our com-
petitiveness, which is finally further enhanced by our
consequent conduction of programs devoted to cost saving
and efficiency increase.

70

Research and development

The development of new products and therapies proposes a
risk that the desired development goal will not be achieved or
achieved significantly later than planned. Costly and exten-
sive preclinical and clinical examinations are necessary until
admission. All products, packaging, applications and technol-
ogies are constantly and systematically monitored, tested and
improved. We address potential risks in the area of research
and development by continually analyzing, evaluating and
assessing whether the research and development projects fit
into the overall strategy of Fresenius Medical Care. As a verti-
cally integrated company, we also benefit from direct contact
with our patients and medical professionals. Due to this close
proximity to the market, we have the potential to gather
important information to develop and offer products and
therapies that meet the needs of our customers.

Referral practices

In providing services within our health care business, we
depend upon patients choosing our health care facilities as
the location for their care. Patients may select a facility based,
in whole or in part, on the recommendation of their physi-
cian. Physicians and other clinicians typically consider a num-
ber of factors when recommending a particular dialysis
facility, pharmacy, physician practice, vascular surgery center
or urgent care center to an esrb patient, including, the quality
of care, the competency of staff, convenient scheduling,
location and physical condition. Physicians may change their
recommendations, which may result in the movement of new
or existing patients to competing facilities, including facilities
established by the physicians themselves. At most of our
dialysis clinics, a relatively small number of physicians often

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

account for the referral of all or a significant portion of the
patient base. We have no ability to control these recommen-
dations and referrals. If a significant number of physicians or
other referral sources cease referring their patients to our
facilities or stop purchasing or prescribing our dialysis prod-
ucts, this would reduce our health care revenue and could
materially adversely affect our overall operations.

Patents

One of the typical patent risks faced by the Company is inad-
equate protection in the form of patents for technologies and
products developed by the Company. This means that com-
petitors could copy the Company's products without incur-
ring comparable development costs. In addition, the Company
could infringe the patent of a competitor and thus be liable
for damages; this could result in a ban on the Company fur-
ther selling the affected product. An inadequate protection
of the Company's patents could have an adverse impact on
the Company's financial condition and results of operations.

Procurement

The Company's business is dependent on the reliable supply
of several raw materials for production and service purposes.
If the Company is unable to counteract the risk of bottleneck
situations at times of limited availability of goods and other
materials in spite of our purchasing strategy in combination
with ongoing monitoring of market developments, this could
result in delays in production and hence have an adverse
effect on the Company's results of operations. Similarly, price
increases by suppliers and the inability to access new prod-
ucts or technology could also adversely affect the Company's
results of operations.


--- Page 55 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

Our purchasing strategy is aimed at developing partnerships
with strategic suppliers through long-term contracts and at
the same time ensuring, where reasonably practicable, that
we have at least two sources for all supply and price-critical
primary products (dual sourcing, multiple sourcing). To pre-
vent loss of suppliers, we monitor our supplier relationships
on a regular basis. Suppliers which are integral to our pro-
curement functions are also subject to performance and risk
analyses as well as continuous supply chain monitoring.
Through constant market analyses, a demands-based design
of supplier-relationships and -contracts, as well as the use of
financial instruments, we seek to mitigate disruptive goods
shortages and potential price increases and to provide access
to new product and technology developments.

Personnel

The Company's continued growth in the health care business
will depend upon the ability to attract and retain skilled work-
force, including highly skilled nurses and other medical per-
sonnel. Competition for those employees is intense and
shortages for these sought-after employees, such as nurses,
or skilled engineers and research and development person-
nel, may increase the Company's personnel and recruiting
costs and/or impair our reputation for production of techno-
logically advanced products. Moreover, the Company consid-
ers that future success in the provider business depends on
the ability to attract and retain qualified physicians to serve as
employees of or consultants to the Company's health care
services businesses. The Company's health care products
business depends on the development of new products, tech-
nologies and treatment concepts to be competitive. Addi-
tionally, in recruiting, employing and retaining personnel we
may be exposed to risks relating to various labor laws, legis-

71

lative, union or other labor-related activities or changes. Fur-
ther, these factors could preclude us from integrating
acquired companies into our operations, which could increase
our costs, decrease our productivity and prevent us from real-
izing synergies from acquisitions. If we are unable to manage
the risks mentioned, then our growth and results of opera-
tions could be adversely impacted.

Corruption and fraud

The Company operates many facilities and engages with
other business associates to help it carry out its health care
activities. In such a decentralized system, it is difficult to main-
tain the desired level of oversight and control over the thou-
sands of persons employed by many affiliated companies and
its business associates. Training, oversight and compliance
programs cannot assure protection from deliberate, reckless
or inadvertent acts of employees that violate the Company's
compliance policies or anti-corruption laws. Such violations
could disrupt the Company's business and result in a material
adverse effect on results of operations or financial condition.

Beginning in 2012, the Company received certain communica-
tions alleging conduct in countries outside the United States
that might violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other
anti-bribery laws. The Company's Supervisory Board, through
its Audit and Corporate Governance Committee, conducted
investigations with the assistance of independent counsel. In
a continuing dialogue, the Company voluntarily advised the
Securities and Exchange Commission and the United States
Department of Justice (collectively and interchangeably the
“government") about these investigations. The government
also conducted its own investigations, in which the Company
cooperated.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

In the course of this dialogue, the Company identified and
reported to the government, and took remedial actions
including employee disciplinary actions with respect to, con-
duct that resulted in the government seeking monetary pen-
alties and other remedies against the Company and
disgorgement of related profits revolving principally around
conduct in the Company's products business in a limited
number of countries outside the United States.

The Company recorded charges of €200 m in 2017 and €77M
in 2018 encompassing estimates for the government's claims
for profit disgorgement, penalties, certain legal expenses,
and other related costs or asset impairments believed likely to
be necessary for full and final resolution, by litigation or set-
tlement, of the claims and issues arising from the investiga-
tion. The increase recorded in 2018 took into consideration
preliminary understandings with the government on the
financial terms of a potential settlement. Following this
increase, which takes into account incurred and anticipated
legal expenses, impairments and other costs, the provision
totals €224 m as of December 31, 2018. The Company has
reached an agreement in principle with the government
agencies encompassing the terms understood to be neces-
sary for settlement.

The Company believes that the previously-recorded charge
appropriately accounts for the consequences of the resolu-
tion as related to its financial statements. The agreement in
principle remains subject to memorialization in fully inte-
grated documents and final approval by authorized officials
of the government and the Company.

The Company continues to implement enhancements to its
anti-corruption compliance program, including internal con-


--- Page 56 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

trols related to compliance with international anti-bribery
laws. The Company continues to be fully committed to com-
pliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other
applicable anti-bribery laws.

Information systems and business processes

As the Company continues to grow and introduces more
international operations, the processes within the Company
are increasingly complex. Accordingly, it is more and more
dependent on information and communication technologies
and -systems to structure its processes and harmonize them
between different regions. An insufficient design of those
systems and business processes as well as_ insufficient
resources could lead to non-availability of certain informa-
tion, causing inefficient workflows, deficient internal and
external communication and intransparencies regarding
operations. A breakdown of these systems could temporarily
lead to standstill of parts of our business and consequently
cause heavy damages.

Additionally, cyber-attacks or privacy and data breaches
regarding both our internal systems as well as systems of
third-party service providers could result in the misappropria-
tion or compromise of sensitive information. We gather and
handle personal information of our patients in many regions
of the world and thus need to adhere to various data protec-
tion and privacy regulations. Any loss, impermissible use,
access or disclosure of this sensitive information or non-com-
pliance with data protection and privacy related laws, regula-
tions and standards could threat our position in competition,
our reputation as well as our whole business.

72

Using its Information Security Management System (isms),
which is based on the internationally recognized security
standard iso 27002, the security guidelines and processes
within the Company are enhanced continuously. Business
data is backed up regularly and disaster recovery plans, which
are regularly tested and improved, are in place. The Company
operates three data centers at geo-graphically separate loca-
tions to maximize the availability and data security of IT sys-
tems. A mirrored infrastructure that creates a copy of critical
systems is in use. In general, we continue to enhance our
internal information and reporting systems to ensure that
their structure meets evolving needs.

Furthermore, among others, company guidelines relating to
data protection and privacy, which also regulate the assign-
ment of access rights and third-party collaboration, must be
considered, trainings for employees are conducted and gov-
ernance structures are continuously adapted. Compliance is
monitored with controls including those relating to Section
404 of sox. Operational and security audits are carried out
every year both internally and by external auditors. The exist-
ing IT security architecture with different layers of security
measures protects the systems in our data centers. The access
to sensitive or critical data from outside of the secured data
center networks is protected by the usage of secure protocols
and cryptographic measures. Besides that, annual penetra-
tion tests for applications with critical data (e.g. patient or
personnel data) are conducted.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

Other risks
Liquidity and financing

The liquidity risk is defined as the risk that a company is
potentially unable to meet its financial obligations. The Man-
agement Board of the Company manages the liquidity of the
Group by means of effective working capital and cash man-
agement as well as an anticipatory evaluation of refinancing
alternatives. The Management of the Company believes that
existing credit facilities, cash flow from operating activities
and additional short-term borrowings are sufficient to meet
the Company's foreseeable demand for liquidity.

At December 31, 2018 respectively December 31, 2017, the
Group had financial debt of €7.55 BN respectively €7.45 BN.
The Company's credit agreements and notes include cove-
nants that require maintaining certain financial ratios or
meeting other financial tests. The covenants also restrict the
Company's ability to dispose of assets, incur debt, pay divi-
dends and other restricted payments, create liens or make
investments or acquisitions. The breach of any of the cove-
nants could result in a default and acceleration of payments
of the indebtedness, which would have an adverse effect on
the Company’s business, financial condition and results of
operations. The Company considers itself able to maintain
the required financial ratios at present and in the near future.

Currencies and interests

The Company actively manages foreign currency and interest
rate exposures that are part of its normal business activities.


--- Page 57 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

Risk management procedures for foreign currencies and inter-
est rate exposures are based on strategies defined and, if nec-
essary, adapted in close cooperation with the Management
Board, including, for example, guidelines that cover all steps
and levels of the risk management process. They define
responsibilities for the determination of risks, the careful use
of financial instruments for hedging purposes and for accu-
rate financial reporting. The use of derivative instruments is
restricted to micro hedges which are used in order to hedge
exposures that arise in the ordinary course of business. The
Company does not enter into transactions for trading or other
speculative purposes. The Company enters into transactions
with banks, which generally have ratings in the “A” Category
or better, as approved by the Management Board. The effec-
tiveness of the hedging relationships of the hedging instru-
ments and the hedged items is tested on a quarterly basis.

The Company enters into derivatives, particularly interest rate
swaps and to a certain extent, interest rate options to protect
against the risk of rising interest rates. These interest rate
derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges and have
been entered into in order to effectively convert payments
based on variable interest rates into payments at a fixed inter-
est rate. The euro-denominated interest rate swaps expire in
2019 and have an interest rate of 0.32 %. As of December 31,
2018 respectively December 31, 2017, the notional amount of
the euro-denominated interest rate swaps in place was
€204 M respectively €228 M.

Derivative foreign currency contracts are entered into for the
purpose of limiting the exchange rate exposure from sales
and purchases as well as lendings and borrowings between
the Company's subsidiaries located in different countries and
reporting in different currencies. A large portion of the trans-

73

action exposures arise from sales of products from the Com-
pany’s subsidiaries in the euro region to other international
business units. The aggregate notional amount of foreign cur-
rency hedge contracts as of December 31, 2018 was €1,043 M,
primarily for hedging euro exposure to the u.s. dollar and var-
ious other currencies. Economic hedges, which are used by
the Company, are accounted for as recognized hedges in the
consolidated financial statements, when necessary.

The estimation and quantification of transaction risks from
foreign currencies is determined according to the statistical
model Cash Flow at Risk (“CFaR”). CFaR indicates the maxi-
mum amount of a potential loss of the forecasted foreign
exchange cash flow of the next twelve months that occurs
with a probability of 95 %. As of December 31, 2018, the Com-
pany’s CFaR amounts to €52.3 M.

Further information on market, default and liquidity risks is
included in Note 23 of notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

Litigation and other exposures

Risks associated with investigations and litigations are contin-
uously identified, assessed and reported within the Company.
The Company is involved in various legal proceedings and
investigations resulting from its business operations. A nega-
tive outcome of these legal proceedings or investigations
leading to legal proceedings could have an adverse impact on
the Company's financial condition and results of operations.

External legal consulting support is always used to defend the
Company against risks associated with litigations. If necessary
accounting measures like accruals are used.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

For the matters in which the Company believes a loss is both
reasonably possible and assessable, an estimate of the loss or
range of loss exposure is provided in NoTE 22 of notes to the
consolidated financial statements. For other proceedings the
Company believes that the loss probability is remote and/or
the loss or range of possible losses cannot be reasonably esti-
mated at this time.

For details on ongoing proceedings and further information
on material legal risks to which the Company is exposed, ref-
erence is made to Note 22 of notes to the consolidated finan-
cial statements.

Taxes

The Company is subject to ongoing tax audits in the u.s.,
Germany and other jurisdictions. The Company could poten-
tially receive notices of unfavorable adjustments and disal-
lowances in connection with certain of these audits. If the
Company is unsuccessful in contesting unfavorable determi-
nations we could be required to make additional tax pay-
ments, which could have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial condition and results of operations in the
relevant reporting period.

In general, tax-relevant issues are, as necessary, coordinated
with internal tax experts regarding compliance with applica-
ble tax laws. If necessary, statements and opinions by exter-
nal consultants are obtained to minimize tax risks.

International operations

The Company operates dialysis clinics in around 50 countries
and sells a range of equipment, products and services to cus-


--- Page 58 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

tomers in around 150 countries. The Company's international
operations are subject to a number of risks, including but not
limited to the following:

> The economic situation in certain countries could deterio-
rate.

The Company could face difficulties in enforcing and col-
lecting accounts receivable under some countries’ legal sys-
tems.

Local regulations could restrict the Company's ability to
obtain a direct ownership interest in dialysis clinics or other
operations.

Some countries or economic unions may impose charges or
restrictions, such as local content requirements, which
restrict the importation of our products.

Potential increases in tariffs and trade barriers that could
result from withdrawal by the United States or other coun-
tries from unions, including the exit from major multilateral
trade agreements.

Transport delays or interruptions

International growth and expansion into emerging markets
could cause us difficulty due to greater regulatory barriers
than in the United States or Western Europe, the necessity
of adapting to new regulatory systems, and problems
related to entering new markets with different economic,
social, legal and political systems and conditions.

Any one or more of these or other factors relevant to interna-
tional operations could increase the Company's costs, reduce
revenues, or disrupt operations, with possible material adverse
effects on the Company's business and financial condition.

Developments of this nature are continuously monitored and
analyzed and response measures like the extension of local

74

production capacities, the adaptation of product designs,
organizational changes and various others are set in place
based on case by case decisions.

Unpredictable events

Fresenius Medical Care operates dialysis facilities or manufac-
turing facilities in many regions of the world, with diverse
geographic, societal and economic conditions. Unforeseeable
events such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks or political
instability, could affect our services and our ability to deliver
in a limited time and place.

Through forward-looking planning and prevention programs,
Fresenius Medical Care is trying to limit possible effects of
such events already in advance. In addition, to maintain oper-
ations in the event of an onset and to reduce potential impact
on our patients and the organization, we have spare capacity
and safety stock of certain resources as well as emergency
and recovery plans in place. Residual risks are eventually cov-
ered when necessary and expedient by taking out insurance.

Global economic conditions and disruptions
in financial markets

The Company is dependent on the conditions of the financial
markets and the global economy. In order to pursue its busi-
ness, the Company is reliant on capital, as are its renal product
customers and commercial health care insurers. Limited or
more expensive access to capital in the financial markets could
adversely affect the Company’s business and profitability.

Among other things, the potential decline in federal and state
revenues may create additional pressures to contain or reduce

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

reimbursements for the Company's services from public pay-
ors around the world, including Medicare, Medicaid in the
United States and other government sponsored programs in
the United States and other countries around the world.

Increasing job losses or changes in the unemployment rate in
the u.s. may result in a smaller percentage of the Company's
patients being covered by an employer group health plan and
a larger percentage being covered by lower paying Medicare
and Medicaid programs. To the extent that payors are nega-
tively impacted by a decline in the economy, the Company
may experience further pressure on commercial rates, a fur-
ther slowdown in collections and a reduction in the amounts
it expects to collect.

Devaluation of currencies and worsening economic condi-
tions, including inflationary cost increases in various markets
in connection with deteriorating country ratings also increase
the risk of a goodwill impairment, which could lead to a
partial or total goodwill write off in the affected cash gener-
ating units.

In addition, uncertainty in the financial markets could
adversely affect the variable interest rates payable under cer-
tain of our credit facilities or could make it more difficult to
obtain or renew such facilities or to obtain other forms of
financing in the future. Any or all of these factors, or other
consequences of the continuation, or worsening, of domestic
and global economic conditions which cannot currently be
predicted, could continue to adversely affect our businesses
and results of operations.


--- Page 59 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

Changes in the risk situation

Fresenius Medical Care operates in a constantly changing
environment. Accordingly, the risk situation is also subject to
constant change.

Regarding the classification of the risks in terms of probability
and potential impact, the following significant changes
occurred compared to the previous year:

With regard to the one-year forecast period, there were sig-
nificant changes regarding several risks:

In consequence of increased regulatory requirements con-
cerning production processes the risk regarding the regula-
tory environment (1) increased to a medium risk.

The risk regarding u.s. federal health care programs (3) has
increased to medium due to proposed changes to payment
methodologies in certain shared savings programs.

Furthermore, a reevaluation of the litigation and potential
exposures risk (18) leads to a medium assessment of risks
regarding this topic.

With regard to the five-year period, there were significant
changes regarding one risk:

The expected increasing usage of IT in combination with
growing threat potentials across industries, has increased the
risk regarding information systems and business processes
(15) to a medium risk.

OPPORTUNITIES MANAGEMENT
OPPORTUNITIES MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

As much of our business is organized on a decentralized
basis, we are able to identify industry-specific trends and
requirements as well as the resultant opportunities in the dif-
ferent regions at an early stage and gear our actions to them.
We also perform comprehensive quantitative and qualitative
analyses to enable us to capture business opportunities. This
involves systematically evaluating relevant market data,
closely examining research projects and taking general social
trends into consideration. Our analyses focus on general eco-
nomic, industry-specific, regional and local developments as
well as regulatory changes. In addition, close cooperation
between our Strategy and Planning departments and the
managers of other divisions allows us to identify global
opportunities as early as possible.

OPPORTUNITIES

As a vertically integrated dialysis company, Fresenius Medical
Care can offer almost all of the products and services that a
patient with chronic kidney failure requires for treatment. Our
3,928 dialysis clinics in around 50 countries constitute the larg-
est and most international network of this kind in the world.
As a result, we possess valuable dialysis expertise that is
unique in the industry. Thanks to this wealth of experience,
we know that high quality is not only the key to a better qual-
ity of life for patients, but can also contribute significantly to
reducing the costs of health care. Based on this understanding
and our business model, major opportunities arise that could
have a positive impact on the results of operations, financial

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

position and net assets of Fresenius Medical Care as things
stand today.

Industry-specific opportunities
Patient growth and demographic development

The dialysis market is a growth market that is largely unaf-
fected by macroeconomic influences. According to estimates,
the number of people worldwide suffering from chronic kid-
ney failure and requiring dialysis treatment is rising at a rela-
tively constant rate of around 6 % annually and is expected to
reach around 3.6 M patients in 2019 and approximately 4.9 M
by 2025 — SEE CHART 2.36 ON PAGE 76. Social trends are contrib-
uting to this rise in patient numbers. In Europe and the u.s. in
particular, they include the aging population and the increas-
ing incidence of diabetes and hypertension, two illnesses that
frequently precede the onset of chronic kidney failure. In
developing and emerging countries, the growing population
and gradually improved access to dialysis as a result of increas-
ing wealth are key factors that further boost demand for dial-
ysis products and services. We want to continue making a
significant contribution to meeting this demand in the future.

Changes in legal and political conditions

The extent to which private companies can offer dialysis
treatment and in what form depends on the health care sys-
tem of the respective country and its legal framework. For
Fresenius Medical Care, opportunities to tap into new mar-
kets or to expand its market share arise if a country opens up
to private dialysis providers. These decisions are also increas-
ingly influenced by the following factors:


--- Page 60 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

76

€2.36
INM

1995, 2000 2005

w

NUMBER OF DIALYSIS PATIENTS WORLDWIDE - FORECAST TO 2025

2010 2015 2020 2025

2025: ~4.9 M dialysis patients »
2

Source: Internal estimates

> Health care systems are under pressure to deliver ever more
comprehensive medical care (longer life expectancy, increase
in concomitant diseases, fully-functioning health care provi-
sion still being established).

> Dialysis is a complex life-sustaining procedure, which places
high demands on health care systems in terms of expertise
and efficiency. Therefore, public health care providers are
increasingly looking for solutions involving private providers.

One example is Germany, the eight-largest market world-
wide in terms of the number of dialysis patients. We lead the
market here with our products. Dialysis clinics in Germany
are operated predominantly by physicians in private practice,
hospitals, and non-profit organizations. For a number of
years, Fresenius Medical Care has also been able to offer

dialysis services in outpatient medical care centers. At the
end of 2018, we were involved in 47 care centers (2017: 40). As
an experienced partner, we want to continue to support our
customers in setting up new structures in the German health
care system and take advantage of the opportunity to
strengthen our business in the long term.

Public-private partnerships

In some countries, public-private partnerships (PrP) are an
attractive business model for Fresenius Medical Care. These
are contractually defined project alliances between the pub-
lic sector and private companies in which both partners
share the financing, tasks, risks and opportunities of a proj-
ect. Our extensive dialysis expertise gives us a competitive

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

edge here, as it enables us to offer various levels of care
flexibly for hospitals, health insurers, local or national author-
ities. Depending on the contract, we can set up new dialysis
clinics and install the equipment, train medical personnel in
quality, hygiene and nutrition, or manage the clinics our-
selves on the terms agreed. This enables the public sector to
care for more patients more effectively and less expensively.
The PPP model allows Fresenius Medical Care to tap into new
markets, grow its market share, and extend its range of
products and services with new forms of health care.

Growing demand for integrated health care

As a result of increasing cost pressure and the growing num-
ber of patients, there is now greater global demand for a
holistic (integrated) health care concept for patients with
chronic kidney failure. This means combining all health care
services and therapies associated with the treatment of a
kidney patient to create a holistic program tailored to the
patient's individual needs and the requirements of the health
insurer. Depending on the contract and the structure of the
health care system, dialysis can be supplemented by medical
tests, drugs for kidney patients and vascular access manage-
ment, for example. Comprehensive care from a single source
is aimed at improving the way in which the different stages
of treatment are coordinated and controlled, minimizing
complications and thereby avoiding additional stays in hospi-
tal as far as possible. It increases the patient's quality of life
and the quality of treatment, while reducing the overall costs
of therapy.

Fresenius Medical Care is particularly well placed to offer
integrated, high-quality treatment programs for chronically
ill kidney patients for several reasons: As a manufacturer of


--- Page 61 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information

Overview about the Group

Economic Report

Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

market-leading dialysis products and an operator of the larg-
est global dialysis clinic network, we have long-standing
experience in providing comprehensive care for dialysis
patients. Thanks to the high quality and reliability of our
products and services, we enjoy an excellent reputation in
the industry. In addition, we use sophisticated internal feed-
back instruments to measure and compare the success of
treatment at our clinics and to rapidly identify any potential
for improvement.

Beyond our core business with dialysis products and the
treatment of dialysis patients, we offer additional medical
services that we combine under the term “Care Coordina-
tion”. These include vascular care and medication manage-
ment for patients with kidney disease, as well as our
pharmacy business. This provides us with opportunities for
the future.

Opportunities related to our business operations
New products and technologies

If patient numbers grow as strongly as anticipated, cost pres-
sure continues to rise, and clinics reach full capacity, home
therapies are expected to take on a more important role in
dialysis. This scenario presents us with opportunities for
growth. Home dialysis as well as the associated technologies
and products will therefore continue to be a key focal point
of our research and development activities. One major aim
here is to give patients the greatest possible independence
and mobility with a dialysis machine that is resource-efficient
and can be used flexibly. We will continue to add innovative
products and technologies to our range in the future to cap-

77

ture growth opportunities and meet the demand for inte-
grated care as effectively as possible.

Internal organization and procedures

Fresenius Medical Care benefits from a number of long-term
opportunities in the way it organizes and designs its business
operations. For example, all production sites follow the “Lean
Manufacturing” approach and our Schweinfurt plant includes
the “Lean Six Sigma” management system. The focus of Lean
Manufacturing and Six Sigma is continuous improvement of
all manufacturing processes to achieve a very low error rate
resulting in better quality production while shortening manu-
facturing time. In addition, we are systematically expanding
environmental management at our production sites and clin-
ics to improve our operating efficiency, for instance by saving
resources.

Capital expenditure and acquisitions

We evaluate ideas for growth initiatives generated from mar-
ket analyses as part of our annual budget planning, or more
frequently if necessary. We manage the investments required
for implementing projects using a detailed coordination and
evaluation process. The Management Board sets the invest-
ment budget for the Group as well as the focus of invest-
ment. Before realizing investment projects, an internal
committee examines the individual projects and measures,
taking into account their yield requirements and potential
return on investment. Projects are only undertaken if they
help to increase the Company’s value.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2018

We are investing in our future growth by expanding our
health care services business through acquisitions and pur-
chasing expertise and relevant technologies in the area of
research and development. Through close collaboration
between our Strategy and Planning departments and the
managers responsible for our acquisitions, we are able to
identify suitable potential purchases worldwide at an early
stage.

Fresenius Medical Care's business model

Our business model itself also provides opportunities for Fre-
senius Medical Care's future growth. As a vertically integrated
dialysis company, we not only offer almost all of the products
and services that a patient with chronic kidney failure requires
for treatment, but also use these on a daily basis in our own
clinics. As a result, we can incorporate the feedback from our
patients, physicians and nurses worldwide in developing and
manufacturing new products as well as in organizing our
clinic management. This gives us a crucial competitive edge.

ASSESSMENT OF

THE OVERALL RISK POSITION
AND THE OPPORTUNITIES BY
THE MANAGEMENT

The risk management system implemented at Fresenius
Medical Care forms the basis for assessing the Group’s overall
risk. The Company‘s overall risk position is determined by the
individual risks described above. Changes in the Group's risk
situation compared to the previous reporting period occurred
