

--- Page 1 ---

_5

152

RISK FACTORS

Industrial risks

The significant risks to which the Group considers that it can be exposed are set out below. Other risks which are not set out or not
currently known may also affect it. The occurrence of such risks could have a significant negative impact on the business, the financial
situation and the earnings of the Group, on its image, its prospects and/or on the Group's share price.

5.1 INDUSTRIAL RISKS

5.1.1. RISKS RELATED TO A POSSIBLE DEFECT IN THE GROUP’S

TECHNOLOGIES

Although the Group has used its membrane and other technologies
for many years, it cannot guarantee a total lack of defects
when implementing these technologies or in the use of these
technologies over time.

LNG, or any other liquefied gas, contained in the tanks of vessels
equipped with the Company's technologies can, because of certain
sea conditions, cause deformation in the containment membrane
due to collision between the LNG cargo and the walls of the
carriers’ tanks (a phenomenon known as “sloshing"). Although
the Group has taken the measures necessary in order to limit the
impact of sloshing on its membrane containment systems, incidents
causing damage in the tanks using the Group's technologies have
occurred in the past as a result of the sloshing phenomenon and
may occur again in the future. The occurrence or repetition of such
events could damage the Group's image and reputation among
ship-owners, shipyards and gas companies.

Emergence of faults in the Group's technology or its implementation
in tank construction could expose the Group to claims and litigation
from ship-owners, shipyards, and owners and operators of storage

tanks, FSRUs, FLNGs, LNGCs, ethane carriers or their beneficiaries
and other users of the Group's technology. At the date of filing
this Registration Document, the Group had received one claim for
compensation relating to defects in certain ship tanks. This is the
only claim the Group has received to date, and the Group believes
that the conditions for its liability have not been met.

As a result, the Group may book provisions in its financial
statements. Such provisions may have a material impact on the
Group's financial statements and its results, even if the claims or
the underlying litigation are unsuccessful.

In order to guarantee the Company and its subsidiaries in the event
of personal accident or material or intangible losses caused to third
parties, the Group is covered by a third party liability insurance
policy. The policy for the management of risks and insurance is
described in point 5.4.2 of this chapter - Risk coverage and
insurance policies.

The Group believes that the probability of such risks materialising
is low (harmonisation) and that the negative impact on the Group
should they occur would be high.

5.1.2 RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

5.1.2.1 The Group's portfolio of patents

A substantial proportion of the Group's technology relies on its
portfolio of patents, for which the average period of validity is 16
years. For the purpose of its activities, the Group must obtain,
maintain and enforce its patents in all countries in which it operates;
its general policy is to file patent applications in all these countries
to ensure maximum protection. The main technologies currently
marketed by the Group give rise to patents or patent applications,
where applicable based on the specificities of each patent, (i) in
countries where the registered office of construction and repair
shipyards are located and/or (ii) in emerging LNG countries (such
as India and Russia), and/or (iii) in LNG exporting countries (such as
Australia and Russia) and in LNG importing countries (such as South
Korea, China and Japan).

Although the Group takes substantial steps to ensure the validity
of its patents, the Company is not and cannot be aware of all
patent applications or filings that have been or will be made by
third parties.

GTT - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

Procedures to secure compliance with the Group's patents may
be lengthy, time-consuming and expensive, regardless of their
merit, and there is no guarantee that the Group will benefit from a
favourable outcome.

As a result, the Group cannot guarantee that:

@ the Group's patent applications currently being examined in all
the countries in which it operates its business will result in a patent
being granted;

@ patents granted to the Group, along with its other intellectual
property rights, will not be challenged, invalidated or
circumvented;

@ the protection provided by patents is sufficient to protect the
Group against competition and against the patents of third
parties covering technologies with a similar purpose;

@ its technologies and products do not infringe on patents
belonging to third parties;

third parties will not claim ownership of patent rights or other
intellectual property rights that the Group owns alone or jointly;

www.gtt.fr


--- Page 2 ---

e third parties that have entered into license or partnership
contracts with the Group and having sufficient experience
of technologies that are based on the patents owned by the
Group are not developing and will not develop strategies to file
applications for patents related to the Group's business and that
may be an obstacle to the Group's patent filing strategy; and

@ court proceedings or proceedings before competent offices or
jurisdictions will not be necessary to ensure compliance with the
Group's patents or to determine the validity or extent of its rights
in this regard.

The trademarks registered by the Group are important elements
for the identification of its technologies. Despite registering the
brands GTT®, Mark IIl®, no. 96°, Mark Fit®, GST™, LNG Brick®, GTT
MarsTM and REACH4™, third parties could use or try to use these
brands or other brands of the Group. Efforts to enforce the Group's
trademarks may be unsuccessful in certain of the jurisdictions in
which the Group operates. Such infringement may damage the
Group commercially and damage its image.

The Group believes that the probability of such risks materialising is
low and that the negative impact for the Group, should this occur,
would be moderate.

5.1.2.2 The Group's know-how

The Group cannot guarantee that its technologies or their
implementation, each of which is based in part on the Company's

5.1.3. INNOVATION POLICY RISKS

The constantly changing economic environment in which the
Group operates requires that anticipating the changes and new
technologies required to maintain its position as a major player in
its industry. To respond to these changes, the Group invests very
heavily in innovation to be able to propose appropriate solutions
to its customers and ensure its future growth.

Research and development are essential to the Group, which wants
to provide its clients with the most effective and innovative tailored
solutions. Any delays, errors or failures of its innovation policy, any
failure to anticipate the consequences for the Group of a new
technology implemented by others in the Group's area of expertise
or in a technology field with the potential to have applications in the
Group's markets could render the Group's products or technologies
less competitive or result in the Group having less success than
anticipated with its clients, leading the Group to lose its competitive
advantage and potentially resulting in impairments or reducing the
Group's revenues.

RISK FACTORS

Industrial risks

proprietary know-how, are sufficiently protected and cannot
be misappropriated by third parties. When performing license
contracts with clients or as part of its partnership contracts, the
Group informs its contracting partners of certain elements of its
know-how, particularly information relating to the implementation
of membrane containment technologies.

Although the Group seeks to limit this communication to the
information strictly necessary for its clients to implement its
technologies or for the Group to perform its obligations under the
aforementioned contracts, it cannot be guaranteed that additional
information, including its proprietary know-how, will not be shared in
the course of such activities. While the Group takes steps to ensure,
through confidentiality agreements and other measures, that third
parties who receive such information undertake not to disclose, use
or misappropriate it, the Company cannot guarantee that such steps
will be successful or respected by its clients or partners.

In particular, the Group cannot guarantee that (i) its contracting
partners will fulfil their commitments and not develop technologies
inspired by those developed by the Group (see section 5.2.2.1 —
Competitive environment in this Registration Document) or (ii) in
the event that these commitments are not fulfilled, the Group will
be informed and be able to take appropriate measures or steps
allowing it to gain full compensation for the damage suffered.

The Group believes that the probability of such risks materialising is
low and that the negative impact for the Group, should this occur,
would be moderate.

Although the Group's innovation policy, which is indispensable to
ensure its growth, requires particularly high levels of investment,
which are an expense for GTT, notably in terms of research and
development, it cannot be assumed to be a certain source of
positive results for the Group.

In addition, the emergence of faults in the Group's technology or
its implementation in tank construction could expose the Group
to claims and litigation from shipowners, shipyards, and owners
and operators of storage tanks, FSRUs, FLNGs, LNG carriers,
ethane carriers or their beneficiaries and other users of the Group's
technology.

The Group believes that the probability of such risks materialising
is relatively low and that the negative impact for the Group, should
this occur, would be moderate.

GTT - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

153


--- Page 3 ---

_5

154

RISK FACTORS

Operational risks

5.2 OPERATIONAL RISKS

5.2.1 BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT RISKS

5.2.1.1 The business development
of the Group

Growth in the Group's business will depend on its ability to maintain
its position in containment systems used in LNG carriers, ethane
carriers, FLNGs and FSRUs, increase its presence in onshore storage
tank containment systems and expand in the new activities that it
has identified (see chapter 2 - Activity report of this Registration
Document)

This development will depend on various factors, including the
Group's ability to retain the confidence of shipyards, ship-owners
and charterers (gas companies), along with the Group's ability to
meet demand for its technologies and membrane containment
systems if demand increases significantly.

Although the Group attaches great importance to relations with
shipyards, ship-owners and charterers (gas companies), it cannot
guarantee that these relations will not deteriorate, in particular
in the event of problems experienced by the Company or its
subsidiaries in fulfilling their obligations towards shipyards, in
particular if customers’ demand is significantly higher than
forecasted, which could have adverse consequences on the
entities that own or use the vessels built or scheduled to be built
using GTT's technologies. Any difficulties in meeting demand for
the Group's technologies may harm the Group's image and may
encourage current and potential customers of the Company to seek
alternatives to the Companys technology.

In contractual terms, GTT gives shipyards access to its technologies
within the framework of a TALA (Technical Assistance and License
Agreement) which defines the general relationship between
the parties and in particular, sets out the method for calculating
royalties in accordance with the number of vessels built by the
shipyard, as well as the royalty payment methods.

Each TALA is entered into for a specific period of time and may be
terminated early, in certain cases, by either party. The Company
therefore negotiates, in the normal course of business, conditions
for the renewal and/or extension of TALAs nearing their expiry
date, and in the event that a TALA is terminated early. Should the
parties fail to come to an agreement in these circumstances, the
Company could lose one ore more clients, given that the rights
and obligations of each party survive the expiry of the TALA for the
purposes of and until the final completion of projects of which the
Company was aware prior to its termination. As at the date of filing
of this Registration Document, one TALA is under renegotiation,
with a Korean shipyard.

Moreover, while in the past the Group has demonstrated its ability
to meet a strong and rapid rise in demand by using subcontractors
and by hiring additional staff on fixed-term employment contracts
or temporary employment contracts for “production” work, it
cannot guarantee that it will always be able to meet all increases in
activity. Additional measures taken by the Group to meet increases

GTT - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

in demand or other spikes in activity may involve additional costs to
those typically experienced by the Group and may have a material
impact on its financial results and position.

The Group believes that the probability of such risks materialising is
low and that the negative impact for the Group, should this occur,
would be moderate.

5.2.1.2 The Group’s dependence
on the maritime LNG transport
business and the uncertainties
relating to the development
of other more diversified activities

As of the date of filing of this Registration Document, almost all of
the Group's revenues were derived from activities related to the
maritime transportation of LNG, which itself depends on global
demand for LNG.

Although the Group is taking steps to diversify its business in the
medium term through technologies that are already developed
or under development, there is no guarantee that the Group
will be able to successfully commercialise any new technologies
or continue to be successful in commercialising its current
technologies.

The Group considers that a significant part of its diversification
efforts will depend on its ability to adapt its containment
technologies in order to implement the use of LNG as maritime fuel,
also known as bunkering (see section 2.3 - Development of new
activities by the Group in this Registration Document). There is no
guarantee, however, that bunkering will develop in the timeframe
or at the rate anticipated by the Group, and any deviation from
the projections set forth in this Registration Document may have a
material impact on the Group's growth and diversification prospects
and financial results. Low oil prices could furthermore weaken the
competitiveness of LNG in comparison with oil-based fuels.

Given the cost associated with adapting its technologies, their
complexity and the cost of building the logistics infrastructure
enabling the refuelling of vessels with LNG from smaller LNG
carriers, the Group cannot guarantee the success of its technologies
in the bunkering sector, or their adoption by players that may prefer
alternative, less complex technologies that require a lower level of
operational control, or other fuels (MDO).

In addition, the Group's strategy of diversification into new activities
may lead to a change in its business model, exposing it to new risks,
for example, execution risks likely to have a significant impact on its
financial situation and its earnings.

The Group believes that the probability of such risks materialising
is medium and that the negative impact for the Group, should this
occur, would be small.

www.gtt.fr


--- Page 4 ---

5.2.2. ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

5.2.2.1 Competitive environment

GTT is exposed to risks related to its competitive position in
membrane containment systems.

Risk of the development of containment systems
competing with the Group’s technologies

Although the Group's technologies have a significant share in the
LNG maritime transportation industry, competing technologies and
containment systems may appear or be further developed, to the
detriment of the Group.

In addition, competing technologies currently being developed,
being approved by classification societies, such as those developed
by Samsung Heavy Industries, Hyundai Heavy Industries, Daewoo
Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering and Kogas (see section 2.1.1.2
-LNG carriers of this Registration Document), or being referenced
by gas companies, or which are currently unknown to the Group,
could in the future be used by shipyards and reduce the Company's
presence in LNG maritime transportation and its ability to sell its
own technologies successfully.

However, the Group considers that due to the still relatively low
level of development of the membrane containment technology
developed by Samsung Heavy Industries (technology known as
KCS "Korean Containment System"), Hyundai Heavy Industries
and Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering (systems
known as SOLIDUS and DCS16) or their still insufficient credibility
(technology known as KC-1 developed by Kogas), it is unlikely that
these technologies will have a significant impact on the Group’s
presence in LNG maritime transportation in the medium term.

There has been renewed interest in traditional systems, known as
“type B" (spherical Moss and prismatic SPB), since 2013, but this
has been primarily restricted to Japanese projects (charterers, ship-
owners and Japanese shipyards), which limits their scope. Note also
that none of these “type B” technologies were ordered in 2018.

The risks related to the different technologies are presented in
section 2.1.1.2- LNG carriers of this Registration Document.

Despite the large amount of resources it dedicates to R&D
activities and active monitoring of the development of competing
technologies, the Group cannot guarantee that new LNG
containment technologies will not be successfully developed and
marketed or that the Group's technologies will remain the leading
technologies. The Group does not and cannot know all of the plans
of its current and future competitors, and there is no guarantee
that the Group will be able to successfully compete with these
technological developments in the future. In particular, the Group
could be exposed to breaches related to developments involving
not only cryogenic containment systems, but all components
or sub-components interacting directly or indirectly with these
containment systems such as, for example, the propulsion systems
of LNG carriers, energy and cargo management and optimisation
systems on the vessels or the materials used in cryogenic
applications.

RISK FACTORS
Operational risks

The Group believes that the probability of such risks materialising is
low and that the negative impact for the Group, should this occur,
would be moderate.

Specific risks related to technological developments
concerning the gas chain for LNG carriers

In addition to the development of containment systems which
compete directly with the Group's technologies, it is exposed to
the risks which may be represented by technological developments
in the system for management of cargo on LNG carriers.

Indeed, the improvement of the cargo management system (“gas
chain") for LNG carriers, for example via active management of
the boil-off whose technical-economic performances may be
optimised, could lead to the emergence of new competition for
the containment systems developed by the Group, in as much as
such improvements could be coupled to containment systems
with lower thermic performances. This combination of a passive
containment system (providing lower thermic performance) with
active management of the boil-off represents a technological
solution that is in competition with the new high performance
containment systems developed and offered by the Group. The
most recent “new build” orders confirm that this combined offering
is being selected by ship-owners (partial or total reliquefaction
systems combined with a membrane containment system).

The companies involved, whether equipment manufacturers or
assemblers, in the design and construction of LNG carriers, and
more generally systems for the storage, transport, liquefaction or
regasification of LNG, are developing or are likely to develop such
improvements.

The Group believes that the probability of such risks materialising is
low and that the negative impact for the Group, should this occur,
would be moderate.

5.2.2.2 Structure of supply and demand

The Group is exposed to risks related to a reduction or an increase
in the demand for LNG carriers, ethane carriers, FSRUs, FLNGs and
onshore tanks.

Principal risks affecting the Group’s business

The Group's revenues and operating results are historically subject
to significant variations, which could recur in the future and have
an unfavourable impact on the financial situation and prospects
for the Group.

Risks related to the LNG shipping market

@ Ship-owners may, even on a temporary basis, optimise the use
of their vessel fleet, rather than order new builds (increase in the
average speed of vessels, delay fleet upgrades, extend the life
of vessels, etc.).

e@ Industrial and commercial agreements between operators can
have an impact on the use of the vessel fleet (pooling of vessel
fleets, alliances, etc.).

GTT - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

S_

155


--- Page 5 ---

156

RISK FACTORS

Operational risks

e Decreases in the leasing prices of vessels on the spot market may
result in a sense of over-capacity and lead ship-owners to delay
part of their investment.

@ The uncertainty resulting from the lack of a destination clause
in LNG purchase contracts and the decrease in the length of
contracts can be a brake on investment decisions

Variations in LNG prices between geographical areas can result
in significant variations in LNG trades on the spot market.

As of the filing date of this Registration Document, factors related
to the shipping market do not negatively affect the Group's
medium- and long-term outlook, but they could delay when orders
are placed and lead to differences in orders from one year to the
next and, accordingly, the realisation of the associated revenues.

The Group believes that the probability of such risks materialising is
low and that the negative impact for the Group, should this occur,
would be moderate.

Risks related to the Group’s dependence on a
limited number of suppliers

The Group has approved some suppliers as qualified suppliers for
its shipyard clients.

These qualified suppliers provide the materials required to
implement the Group's technologies, and sell these materials to
shipyards that seek to implement GTT's technologies. They are
located primarily in Asia and particularly in South Korea, where the
Group's main shipyard clients are located.

Currently, only a limited number of industrial actors are capable
of supplying the materials used in implementing the Group's
technologies.

In order to reduce this dependency, the Group is working on the
diversification of its supplier panel, both in terms of materials and
geographical regions.

Asa result, the use of Group technologies by shipyards (i) depends
on the capacity of the Group's approved industrial companies to

supply some of the materials needed, and (ii) may be affected by
any event in the countries or affecting the industrial sites where the
approved industrial suppliers are located, events likely to restrict
access to the materials required (political, military, weather events,
etc.). In the event that the Group's qualified suppliers cannot supply
the materials needed to implement these technologies, there is
no guarantee that alternative suppliers can be found or found
quickly enough, which could affect the Group's reputation, financial
position and order book.

The Group believes that the probability of such risks materialising is
low and that the negative impact for the Group, should this occur,
would be small.

5.2.2.3 Risks related to economic or political
factors

The Group's direct clients are primarily shipyards in South
Korea, China and Japan, and its end-clients are ship-owners and
international gas companies.

In 2018, 91% of the Company's sales revenues came from South
Korean customers (see Note 18.2 of section 3.2.2 — “Information
relating to geographical areas of the Registration Document"). At
that date, four South Korean shipyards (Samsung Heavy Industries,
Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering, Hyundai Heavy
Industries and Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries) that are customers
of the Company (in numbers of orders "”) represented 94% of
the “LNG vessels” order books. The Group considers that this
distribution of its customer base and its sales revenues is unlikely
to change significantly in the next few years.

As a result, any event — particularly political or military — affecting
South Korea or other Asian countries may have an impact on the
Group's financial situation, its liquidity, results and growth prospects.

The Group believes that the probability of such risks materialising is
low and that the negative impact for the Group, should this occur,
would be moderate.

5.2.3. RISKS RELATED TO HUMAN RESOURCES

The Group's performance over time is based, in particular, on the
quality of its employees, their expertise, their know-how and their
motivation.

The Group's business requires a high level of technological
expertise and advanced skills and know-how, which are constantly
changing to meet a range of needs.

The need to constantly find new employees, train the engineers
in new expertise and retain them creates a risk for the Group if

it is unable to mobilise the resources needed within the time-
frames required. At this stage, it is not possible to estimate either
the length of the enquiry or its potential outcome. GTT believes,
however, that its commercial practices comply with Korean
competition law.

The Group believes that the probability of such risks materialising is
low and that the negative impact for the Group, should this occur,
would be small.

(1) The five largest customers over this period in terms of revenue are not the same entities as the five largest customers in terms of number of orders as a result

of the revenue recognition method

GTT - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

www.gtt.fr


--- Page 6 ---

5.3 LEGAL RISKS

RISK FACTORS
Legal risks

5.3.1. RISKS RELATED TO THE TAX ENVIRONMENT

The Company benefits from some specific tax arrangements. In
France, the Company pays tax at a specific rate on royalties from
some industrial property rights, and receives tax credits in relation
to some R&D spending and deductions on withholding taxes
paid on royalties from foreign sources. These specific tax regimes
could be called into question or modified, which would be likely to
have an impact on the Group's tax charge, financial situation and

5.3.2

In the jurisdictions where it conducts its activities, the Group is
subject to legal and regulatory provisions applicable in matters
concerning anti-competitive practises.

On January 29, 2016, the Company received notification from the
Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) informing it of the opening
of an investigation into a possible abuse of its dominant position,
due to its commercial practices in South Korea. To the best of the
Company's knowledge, there were no significant developments
in the case in 2018 and, as of the filing date of this Registration

earnings. The Group regularly keeps itself abreast of changes in
tax regulations

However, the Group cannot rule out the possibility that the tax
regimes promoting innovation may be modified, which could have
a negative impact on its earnings, financial situation or outlook.

The Group believes that the probability of such risks materialising is

low and that the negative impact for the Group, should this occur,
would be small.

IMPACT OF THE REGULATIONS ON ANTI-COMPETITIVE PRACTICES

Document, the Company had not been informed of any changes in
the procedure of which it should inform the market. At this stage, it
is not possible to estimate how long this process will take or when it
will reach a conclusion. Although GTT believes that its commercial
practices comply with the South Korean competition law, this
investigation could result in a decision to apply sanctions, which
could have an impact on the Group's business, its financial position
and its earnings. Furthermore, the Company cannot exclude the
possibility that similar investigations may be initiated in other
jurisdictions where the Group operates.

5.3.3. RISKS RELATED TO POSSIBLE NON-COMPLIANCE WITH STATUTORY

AND REGULATORY PROVISIONS

The supply of oil-related goods and services to some countries,
including LNG and LNG-related materials, is currently subject to
several sanction regimes, particularly from the United States of
America and the European Union.

To date, US and EU sanctions on Russia and/or some Russian gas
companies have had no material negative impact on the Group’s
activities in Russia and/or for Russian clients.

In 2014 and 2015, the Group received notification from Daewoo
Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering, one of its licensed customers,
of an order for 15 ice-breaking LNG carriers as part of the YAMAL
LNG project. This project consists of the construction of a natural
gas liquefaction plant in Sabetta (north-east of the Yamal peninsula)
with annual capacity of 16.5 million tonnes of LNG drawn from the
Yuzhny Tambei gas field. The project's operators (including the
Russian company Novatek, which is subject to US sanctions) are also
building an offshore LNG terminal, an airport, as well as an Arctic-

class fleet of LNG carriers via a number of ship-owners. To date, six
of the 15 vessels have been delivered. The others are still under
construction. The first deliveries of LNG began at the end of 2017.

At the date of filing this document, the Group was not aware of
any issues likely to affect the orders it has booked in respect of
the YAMAL LNG project. It cannot, however, be excluded that
the current sanctions applied to Russia and/or Russian companies
involved in the project are made more severe (both in their nature
and in their scope), resulting in delays to, or the suspension of the
YAMAL LNG project, affecting the launch of new projects in this
zone, or more generally threatening its prospects for commercial
development in Russia.

The Group believes that the probability of such risks materialising is
low and that the negative impact for the Group, should this occur,
would be small.

GTT - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

157


--- Page 7 ---

_5

158

RISK FACTORS

Risk management process

5.4 RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS

5.4.1. OVERALL RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY

Following the analysis conducted in 2011, and updated in 2014,
as part of the planned implementation of a business continuity
plan and an IT system disaster recovery plan, in which the Group
identified the main risks it faces, the Group conducted another risk-
mapping exercise at the end of 2015. It included risks related to
access (physical and virtual) to the Company's data. The review,
carried out via interviews at the Management level, enabled the
identification of the priority risks the Group is faced with, their
validation by the Board of Directors, and the definition of the
required priority action plans. Actions were implemented based
on the potential impacts of the assessed risks (human, financial,
organisational and reputational) and the probability of their
occurrence. Implementation of the plans began in 2016. They are

monitored on a regular basis by the Audit and Risk Management
Committee and the Board of Directors. The risk mapping is revised
annually and the action plans are adapted accordingly.

There is no guarantee that the Group has correctly identified all the
risks to which it may be exposed or correctly evaluated its exposure
to the risks of which it is aware. Nor is there any guarantee that any
actions taken now or in future by the Group have mitigated or will
mitigate the potential occurrence of the risks or the damage the
Group might suffer should these risks materialise. The occurrence of
any of the risks identified by the Group or the occurrence of a claim
may have a significant material impact on the Group's financial
results, cash flow, activities, prospects and reputation.

5.4.2 RISK COVERAGE AND INSURANCE POLICIES

The Group has subscribed insurance policies covering the general
and specific risks to which it believes it is exposed.

Given the specific nature of its activity and the insurance policies
subscribed by the Group and described below, the Group takes the
view that it has a level of coverage that is appropriate for the risks
inherent in its business.

However, there is no guarantee that the insurance policies taken
out by the Group will suffice to cover all the risks to which the
Group is currently exposed or may be exposed or that it will be
capable, in the future, of maintaining adequate insurance policies
at reasonable rates and on acceptable terms.

In addition, the ability of these insurance policies to effectively
mitigate the risks they cover depends on the financial capacity of
the counterparty insurers, and the Group cannot guarantee that
such counterparty insurers will be able to perform adequately or at
all their obligations under such insurance policies.

The Group's main insurance policies cover risks related to the
Group's civil liability, executive's liability and damage to the Group's
movable property and real estate.

In 2018, one civil liability claim was made in relation to a claim
received from a shipyard regarding the implementation of a new
technology. This claim gave rise to compensation by the Group's
insurers. The Group also has insurance policies covering other, more
specific, risks, such as policies covering its automobile fleet and its
expatriate and seconded staff.

GTT - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2018

5.4.2.1 Civil liability insurance

The Group has a civil liability insurance policy intended to cover
it against the financial consequences of any liability for personal
injuries, material or immaterial property damages caused to third
parties during the course of its business activities. The Group’s civil
liability insurance policy was renegotiated in 2016 to ensure the best
match with the Group's needs. Some risks are expressly excluded
from the insurance policies described and so are not covered

In addition to the Group's civil liability program, each subsidiary
also has a local civil liability insurance policy as required by law and
practice in their markets.

5.4.2.2 Executive liability insurance

The Group's executives are covered by liability insurance to
protect them against the pecuniary consequences of breaches of
statutory or regulatory provisions or provisions of the by-laws of
the Company, mismanagement, errors, omissions or negligence
by them with respect to third parties (excluding intentional and
wilful misconduct, criminal offences and breaches of tax or customs
law). This insurance policy covers the cost of defence, prevention,
psychological assistance, communication and efforts to restore the
image of the Group's executives.

5.4.2.3 Multi-risk insurance

The Group has a ‘multi-risk’ insurance policy covering damage to
its immovable property and real estate, subject to exclusions stated
expressly in the policy.

www.gtt.fr
