

--- Page 1 ---

A.1 Organization of the Siemens Group

and basis of presentation

Siemens is a technology company with core activities in the fields
of electrification, automation and digitalization and activities
in nearly all countries of the world. We are a leading supplier of
power generation, power transmission and infrastructure solu-
tions as well as automation, drive and software solutions for in-
dustry and of medical diagnostics solutions.

Siemens comprises Siemens AG, a stock corporation under the
Federal laws of Germany, as the parent company and its subsid-
iaries. Our Company is incorporated in Germany, with our corpo-
rate headquarters situated in Munich. As of September 30, 2018,
Siemens had around 379,000 employees.

As of September 30, 2018, Siemens had the following reportable
segments: the Divisions Power and Gas; Energy Management;
Building Technologies; Mobility; Digital Factory and Process
industries and Drives; as well as the Strategic Units Siemens
Healthineers and Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy (SGRE).
Together these Divisions and Strategic Units form our Industrial
Business. The Division Financia! Services (SFS) supports the ac-
tivities of our Industrial Business and also conducts its own busi-
ness with external customers.

To further increase the entrepreneurial freedom of our businesses,
we are reorganizing our operations. Implementation of the new
organization will be completed by the end of the second quarter
of fiscal 2019. We will begin reporting financial results according
to the new company structure beginning with the third quarter
of fiscal 2019. For the new structure, we are forming three Oper-
ating Companies consisting of the reportable segments Gas and
Power, Smart Infrastructure and Digital Industries. These Op-
erating Companies will form our Industrial Businesses together
with three Strategic Companies consisting of the reportable seg-
ments Siemens Healthineers, SGRE and Siemens Alstom, fol-
lowing the completion of the proposed combination of Siemens’
mobility business with Alstom SA (Mobility until completion of
the proposed combination). Financial Services will continue to
be a reportable segment outside our Industrial Businesses. Fur-
thermore, we report Portfolio Companies, which largely consist
of businesses formerly included in the Divisions Energy Manage-
ment and Process Industries and Drives, along with certain other
activities that were reported outside the former Industrial Busi-
ness.

For further information on the reorganization of our businesses,
see > A.3 SEGMENT INFORMATION.

Our reportable segments may do business with each other,

leading to corresponding orders and revenue. Such orders and
revenue are eliminated on the Group level.

Combined Management Report

Non-financial matters of the Group

and Siemens AG

Siemens has policies for environmental, employee and social
matters, for the respect of human rights, and anti-corruption and
bribery matters, among others. Our business model is described
in chapters -> a.1 and a.3 of this Combined Management Report.
Reportable information that is necessary for an understanding of
the development, performance, position and the impact of our
activities on these matters is included in this Combined Manage-
ment Report, in particularin chapters -> a.3 through a.7. Forward-
looking information, including risk disclosures, is presented in
chapter > a.s. Chapter -> a.9 includes additional information
that is required to be reported in the Combined Management
Report related to the parent company Siemens AG. As supple-
mentary information, amounts reported in the Consolidated
Financial Statements and the Annual Financial Statements of
Siemens AG related to such non-financial matters, and additional
explanations thereto, are included in -> 8.6 NOTES TO CONSOLI-
DATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, NOTES 17, 18, 22, 26 and 27, and in the
ZA NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF SIEMENS AG FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2018, NOTES 16, 17, 20, 21 andas.
These disclosures are not subject to a specific framework in order
to inform the users of the financial reports in a focused manner —
in contrast to the disclosures in our separately available “Sustain-
ability Information 2018” document, which are based on the stan-
dards developed by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).


--- Page 2 ---

A.2 Financial performance system

A.2.1 Overview

Within One Siemens, we had established a financial framework
for revenue growth, for profitability and capital efficiency, for our
capital structure, and for our dividend policy that was applicable
up to and including fiscal 2018.

We have enhanced our financial framework, now called the
Siemens Financial Framework, as described in more detail be-
low. This framework is effective from April 1, 2019 and includes
targets that we aim to achieve over the cycle of the business
activities.

A.2.2 Revenue growth

Within the framework of One Siemens, we had aimed to grow
our revenue faster than the average weighted revenue growth
of our most relevant competitors. To improve transparency for
external stakeholders, in our new Siemens Financial Framework
we aim to achieve a revenue growth range of 4% to 5% per year
ona comparable basis, independent of competitor performance.
Our primary measure for managing and controlling our revenue
growth is comparable growth, because it shows the development
in our business net of currency translation effects, which arise
from the external environment outside of our control, and port-
folio effects, which involve business activities which are either
new to or no longer a part of the respective business.

Currency translation effects are the difference between revenue
for the current period calculated using the exchange rates of the
current period and revenue for the current period calculated
using the exchange rates of the comparison period. For calculat-
ing the percentage change year-over-year, this absolute differ-
ence is divided by revenue for the comparison period. A portfolio
effect arises in the case of an acquisition or a disposition and is
calculated as the change year-over-year in revenue of the rele-
vant business resulting specifically from the acquisition or dispo-
sition. For calculating the percentage change, this absolute
change is divided by revenue for the comparison period. For or-
ders, we apply the same calculations for currency translation and
portfolio effects as described above.

A.2.3 Profitability
and capital efficiency

Within the framework of One Siemens, we had already aimed to
achieve margins that were comparable to those of our relevant
competitors. Therefore, we had defined profit margin ranges for
our industrial businesses which were based on the profit margins
of their respective relevant competitors. Profit margin is defined
as profit of the respective business divided by its revenue. For
our industrial businesses, profit represents EBITA adjusted for
operating financial income (expenses), net, and amortization
of intangible assets not acquired in business combinations
(Adjusted EBITA).

a
Margin ranges (until the reorganization of our businesses)

Margin range

Power and Gas 11-15%
Energy Management 7- 10%
Building Technologies 8-11%
Mobility 6-9%
Digital Factory 14-20%
Process Industries and Drives 8- 12%
Siemens Healthineers 15-19%
Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy 5- 8%
Financial Services (ROE after tax) 15 — 20%

Related to the reorganization of our operations, we have set
the following margin ranges in our new Siemens Financial
Framework from fiscal 2019:

SS ~_~Eay] —EEE
Margin ranges (new organizational structure)

Margin range

Gas and Power 812%
Smart Infrastructure 10 - 15%
Digital industries 17 - 23%
Siemens Alstom (until closing: Mobility) 812%
Siemens Healthineers 17-21%
Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy 7-11%

Industrial Businesses 11-15%
Financial Services (ROE after tax) 15 - 22%

These new and higher margin ranges factor in, among others,
higher revenue and productivity. Accordingly, because productiv-
ity gains are part of these higher ranges, in the future we no
longer use the previous productivity measure called total cost
productivity, which was defined as the ratio of cost savings from
defined productivity improvement measures to the aggregate of

Combined Management Report


--- Page 3 ---

4

functional costs for the Siemens Group. We had aimed to achieve
an annual value of 3% to 5% for total cost productivity.

In line with common practice in the financial services business,
our financial indicator for measuring capital efficiency at Finan-
cial Services continues to be return on equity after tax, or ROE
after tax. ROE is defined as Financial Services’ profit after tax,
divided by its average allocated equity.

For purposes of managing and controlling profitability at the
Group level, we use net income as our primary measure. This
measure is the main driver of basic earnings per share (EPS) from
net income, which we use in communication to the capital
markets.

We continue to seek to work profitably and as efficiently as
possible with the capital provided by our shareholders and
lenders. For purposes of managing and controlling our capital
efficiency, we continue to use return on capital employed, or
ROCE, as our primary measure in our new Siemens Financial
Framework. Our long-term goal is to achieve ROCE within a range
of 15% to 20%.

A.2.4 Capital structure

Sustainable revenue and profit development is supported by a
healthy capital structure. Accordingly, a key consideration within
the framework of One Siemens was to maintain ready access to
the capital markets through various debt products and preserve
our ability to repay and service our debt obligations over time.
This objective is maintained in the Siemens Financial Framework.
Our primary measure for managing and controlling our capital
structure is the ratio of Industrial net debt to EBITDA. This finan-
cial measure indicates the approximate amount of time in years
that would be needed to cover Industrial net debt through in-
come from continuing operations, without taking into account
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. We aim to achieve
a ratio of up to 1.0.

Combined Management Report

A.2.5 Liquidity and dividend

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to our
shareholders. Under One Siemens, our intention was to propose
a dividend whose distribution volume was within a dividend pay-
out range of 40% to 60% of Net income, which we could adjust
for this purpose to exclude selected exceptional non-cash effects.
Under the new Siemens Financial Framework, this intention is
maintained, with the adjustment that the dividend payout range
of 40% to 60% relates to Net income attributable to shareholders
of Siemens AG, to account for the increased share of non-
controlling interests in the Group. As in the past, we intend to
fund the dividend payout from Free cash flow. To provide a better
assessment of our ability to generate cash, and ultimately to
pay dividends, in the future we use the cash conversion rate of
Industrial Businesses, defined as the ratio of Free cash flow from
Industrial Businesses to Industrial Businesses Adjusted EBITA.
Because growth requires investments, we aim to achieve a cash
conversion rate of 1 minus the annual comparable revenue
growth rate of Industrial Businesses.

At the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, the Managing Board, in
agreement with the Supervisory Board, will submit the following
proposal to allocate the unappropriated net income of
Siemens AG for fiscal 2018: to distribute a dividend of €3.80 on
each share of no par value entitled to the dividend for fiscal year
2018 existing at the date of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting,
with the remaining amount to be carried forward. Payment of the
proposed dividend is contingent upon approval by Siemens
shareholders at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 30,
2019. The prior-year dividend was €3.70 per share.

The proposed dividend of €3.80 per share for fiscal 2018 rep-
resents a total payout of €3.1 billion based on the estimated
number of shares entitled to dividend at the date of the Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting. Based on Net income attributable to
Shareholders of Siemens AG of €5.8 billion for fiscal 2018, the
dividend payout percentage is 53%.


--- Page 4 ---

A.2.6 Calculation of return
on capital employed

Calculation of ROCE

Fiscal year
(in millions of © 2018 2017
Net income 6,120 6,094
Less: Other interest expenses/income, net" (482) (568)
Plus: SFS Other interest expenses/income 726 799

Plus: Net interest expenses related
to provisions for pensions and similar

obligations 164 198
Less: Interest adjustments

(discontinued operations) - -

Less: Taxes on interest adjustments

(tax rate (flat) 30%) (122) (129)
(1) Income before interest after tax 6,404 6,394
(II) Average capital employed 50,557 48,004
(1)/() ROCE 12.7% 13.3%

1 Item Other interest expenses/income, net primarily consists of interest relating to corporate
debt, and related hedging activities, as well as interest income on corporate assets.

For purposes of calculating ROCE in interim periods, income
before interest after tax is annualized. Average capital employed
is determined using the average of the respective balances as of
the quarterly reporting dates for the periods under review.

a
Calculation of capital employed

Total equity

Plus: Long-term debt

Plus: Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt

Less: Cash and cash equivalents

Less: Current available-for-sale financial assets

Plus: Provisions for pensions and similar obligations
Less: SFS Debt
Less: Fair value hedge accounting adjustment

Plus: Adjustments from assets classified as held for disposal and
liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal

Less: Adjustment for deferred taxes on net accumulated actuarial
gainsllosses on provisions for pensions and similar obligations

Capital employed (continuing and discontinued operations)

Starting October 1, 2018, following adoption of IFRS 9 “Financial
Instruments,” the line item “Current available-for-sale financial
assets” will be renamed “Current interest-bearing debt securities”.

Combined Management Report

5


--- Page 5 ---

A.3 Segment information

A.3.1 Overall economic conditions

After 3.2% growth in gross domestic product (GDP) in 2017, the
global economy continued its acceleration at the beginning
of fiscal 2018. Then disturbing developments began to adversely
affect sentiment and, thereafter, economic activity. As a result,
GDP growth for 2018 is expected to remain at the 3.2% level
(based on market exchange rates).

In advanced countries, 2018 GDP growth is estimated at 2.3%,
unchanged from the year earlier, driven by the U.S. economy
which benefited from substantial tax cuts. In contrast, emerging
countries experienced a slight decline in GDP growth compared
to 2017, from 4.7% to 4.6%. However, this rather small difference
masks significant divergent developments. International capital
flows reversed out of emerging markets, which had to deal with
depreciating currencies and tightening credit conditions, espe-
cially in Argentina and Turkey, putting a significant drag on their
economies. This was, along with various country-specific effects,
exacerbated by monetary policy in the U.S. where the central
bank continued on its path of monetary tightening more strictly
than expected. In addition, the announcement and implementa-
tion of new and increased tariffs led to a fear of a global trade war
and added significant uncertainty. In the Middle East, political
tensions increased, with the U.S. reactivating sanctions on Iran.

In Europe, negotiations over the U.K. leaving the European Union
remained complicated. Clarity on future arrangements was not
forthcoming, which negatively impacted investment sentiment.
Additionally, fears of a come-back of the Euro crisis came up as
the new Italian government and the EU commission strongly dis-
agreed about an Italian budget proposal and financial markets
showed increasing concern.

Allin all, the economic acceleration at the beginning of 2018 lost
steam towards the end of the year due to these adverse effects.

The partly estimated figures presented here for GDP are based on
an IHS Markit report dated October 15, 2018.

A.3.2 Power and Gas

The Power and Gas Division offers a broad spectrum of prod-
ucts and solutions for generating electricity from fossil fuels and
for producing and transporting oil and gas. The portfolio in-
cludes gas turbines, steam turbines, generators to be applied to
gas or steam power plants, compressor trains, integrated power
plant solutions, and instrumentation and control systems for
power generation. Customers include public utilities and inde-
pendent power producers; companies in engineering, procure-
ment and construction that serve utilities and power producers;

Combined Management Report

sovereign and multinational oil companies; and industrial cus-
tomers that generate power for their own consumption (prosum-
ers). The Division’s competition consists mainly of two groups: a
relatively small number of equipment manufacturers, some with
very strong positions in their domestic markets, and on the other
hand a large number of engineering, procurement and construc-
tion contractors. Financial results of the Power and Gas Division
also include the financial results of the Power Generation Ser-
vices Division, which itself is not a reportable segment. The
Power Generation Services Division offers a comprehensive set
of services for products, solutions and technologies of the Power
and Gas Division, covering performance enhancements, mainte-
nance services, customer training and professional consulting.
Based on this business model, all discussions of the services busi-
ness for Power and Gas concern the Power Generation Services
Division. Due to the broad range of its offerings, the revenue mix
for Power and Gas may vary from reporting period to reporting
period depending on the share of revenue attributable to prod-
ucts, solutions and services. Because profitability levels typically
differ among these three revenue sources, the revenue mix in a
reporting period accordingly affects Division profit for that pe-
riod.

Several trends are affecting the Division’s businesses. The on-
going strong growth in demand for renewable power generation
and the associated volatility in power generation are shifting
market demand from fossil baseload generation to more flexible,
increasingly efficient and relatively more affordable gas power
plants with low emissions, in particular in Europe, Latin America
and China. A second trend is that the development and execution
of large projects increasingly requires financing by the original
equipment manufacturer (OEM), including equity participation,
particularly in Latin America. For the Division, this role is fulfilled
by Financial Services, which can offer customers a range of fi-
nancing and equity options backed by domain know-how. An-
other continuing trend is the shift to a more flexible and decen-
tralized power generation, in particular in Latin America and Asia.
In addition, the markets of the Division are strongly affected by
changes in national energy regulations, such as support of re-
newable energy, the security of supply through capacity markets
or strategic reserve capacity, carbon pricing and climate change
targets, and the modernization of energy and electricity markets.
Power and Gas addresses these trends, among others, through its
research and development (R&D) and investing activities.

Research &development (R&D) activities of the Division con-
centrate on developing products and solutions for enhancing
efficiency, flexibility and economy in power generation as well as
in the oil and gas industry. These products and solutions include
turbomachinery — primarily high-performance, low-emission gas
turbines for simple-cycle operation or for combined-cycle power
plants — and compressor solutions for various process industries.


--- Page 6 ---

The Division's current technology initiative, which started in fiscal
2015, is aimed at intensifying R&D in innovative materials, ad-
vanced manufacturing methods and plant optimization. In fiscal
2018, Power and Gas introduced an enhanced version of its in-
dustrial gas turbine SGT-800 with improved performance that is
designed to provide operators with significant fuel savings and
CO, emissions reductions, supporting the need in industrial and
decentral power generation. In addition, in its HL-class develop-
ment program, the Division focuses on developing a technology
carrier supporting the full portfolio of the Division to increase
customer value (e.g. performance). As part of this program, it
introduced its largest gas turbine SGT-9000HL to the market in
fiscal 2018, which provides the lowest levelized cost of electricity
(LCOE) in gas-fired, large-scale power generation, and for which
it has already received orders in the U.S. and the U.K. The invest-
ments of Power and Gas are focused on enhancing productivity
through automation and increasing customer proximity via stra-
tegic localization of capacity. Investing activities mainly relate to
our gas turbines and turbine components.

Fiscal year
2018 2017

% Change

(in millions of €) Actual Comp.

Orders 13,717 34 1
Revenue 12,441 (19%)

Profit 377 (76%)

Profit margin 3.0%

Orders were up moderately year-over-year despite significant
negative effects from currency translation, mainly due to higher
orders in the services business. Volume from large orders was
higher compared to fiscal 2017, with the largest contracts won in
Israel, the U.K., Russia, and Libya. These orders contributed to
double-digit growth in the region Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle
East, while order intake declined in the other two reporting re-
gions. Revenue decreased significantly year-over-year in con-
tracting markets as most of the Division’s businesses recorded
lower revenue. The overall decrease was driven by the solutions
business which in fiscal 2017 had recorded revenue from large
orders in Egypt. Revenue decreased in all three reporting regions.
Despite a continuing strong contribution from the services
business and gains totaling €166 million from two divestments,
profit was down sharply compared to fiscal 2017 due to sever-
ance charges totaling €361 million related to previously an-
nounced measures to improve the Division’s competitiveness,
reduced capacity utilization, lower revenue and price declines.
Severance charges were €19 million in fiscal 2017. The Division’s
order backlog was €40 billion at the end of the fiscal year, of
which €8 billion are expected to be converted into revenue in
fiscal 2019.

These results reflected a highly competitive market environ-
ment, in which markets served by the Division again declined in
fiscal 2018. Global energy trends continue to structurally reduce
overall demand in markets for the Division’s offerings, resulting
in declining new-unit large turbine business and corresponding
price pressure due to structural overcapacities and aggressive
competitive behavior. We expect markets overall to remain chal-
lenging with market volume staying at the current low level, in
particular in the market segment for large gas turbines. Volume
in that segment declined significantly in fiscal 2018 due mainly
to customer delays of large projects in the Americas and in the
Middle East and strong price pressure resulting from intense
competition. Customers also showed restraint due to ongoing
weak growth in demand for power combined with uncertainty
regarding regulatory developments. The gas turbine market is
experiencing overcapacity among OEMs and engineering, pro-
curement and construction contractors, which is leading to mar-
ket consolidation. In contrast, the need for small and medium
gas turbines, particularly in countries with a less developed en-
ergy infrastructure, is anticipated to continue. In the market for
steam turbines for power generation, volume shrank further
year-over-year from an already low basis of comparison due to
an ongoing shift from coal-fired to gas-fired and renewable
power generation, and to carbon emission regulation such as in
China. We expect this development to continue in fiscal 2019.
In contrast, markets for industrial steam turbines showed slight
growth in fiscal 2018, and the market segment is expected to be
flat in fiscal 2019. Volume in compression markets remained on
a low level in fiscal 2018 as customers continued to hold back
investments. We expect this to continue but with signs of a re-
covery during fiscal 2019 as some customers in the oil and gas
industry revive investment plans.

Under the new organizational structure reported beginning with
the third quarter of fiscal 2019, the businesses of our Power and
Gas and Power Generation Services Divisions will be part of the
Operating Company Gas and Power.

A.3.3 Energy Management

The Energy Management Division offers a wide spectrum of
software, products, systems, solutions, and services for transmit-
ting, distributing and managing electrical power and for provid-
ing intelligent power infrastructure. The Division’s customers
encompass a wide range of direct customers and channel part-
ners including power providers, transmission and distribution
system operators, industrial companies, infrastructure develop-
ers, construction companies, distributors and OEMs. End custom-
ers and OEMs use its offerings to process, transmit and manage
electrical power from the source down to various load points
along multiple voltage levels (low, medium and high voltage).

Combined Management Report


--- Page 7 ---

8

The Division’s distributed, intelligent solutions for smart grids
enable a bidirectional flow of energy and information, which,
among other things, is required for integrating fluctuating re-
newable energy sources, electrical storage or manageable loads.
Competitors of the Division consist mainly of a small number of
large multinational companies, increasingly joined by smaller,
fast-growing manufacturers in emerging countries including
China, India and Korea. Its activities across many regional and
vertical markets as well as its participation in long-cycle and
short-cycle markets provide a balanced and resilient business
mix. The Division’s revenue and portfolio mix may vary across
reporting periods. In particular, orders, revenue and profit devel-
opment can be influenced by the proportional contribution from
its transmission solutions business.

Energy Management generally benefits from major trends and
changes in global electrical power systems, in particular decar-
bonization, decentralization and digitalization. Decarbonization
involves the buildup of generation capacities from renewable
sources and electrification of the world’s heat and transport sec-
tors. Another trend is decentralization: the integration of wind
power, photovoltaics, biomass, storage and other intermittent or
distributed energy resources into efficient and reliable power
networks. The digitalization trend involves providing intelligent
solutions for connectivity, the management of complex energy
networks, and services that are enabled by digital technologies.

R&D activities of the Division focus on preparing its portfolio for
such a more decarbonized, decentralized, and digital energy
market. The increasing infeed of renewable energy to power
grids requires that those grids become more flexible and effi-
cient, particularly with distributed generation on the rise. The
digitalization of future grids will enable intelligent grid operation
and data-driven services. Accordingly, the Division's innovations
are focused on the areas of power electronics, digitalization and
grid stabilization. It also develops new technologies such as Pro-
cess Bus communication for applications in energy management
that are designed to enable cost-effective investment in, and
economic operation of, digital substations as well as more secure
and reliable grid operation. Energy Management is spending the
larger portion of its capital expenditures for innovation, partic-
ularly in the high and low voltage businesses. Further invest-
ments are primarily related to the replacement of fixed assets,
the expansion of factories and technical equipment.

Combined Management Report

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2018 2017 Actual Comp.
Orders 11,624 (15 (10%)
Revenue 12,266 0 54
Profit 1,003 8
Profit margin 8.2% 7.6

Energy Management posted a double-digit order decline year-
over-year due to a sharply lower volume from large orders in the
transmission solutions business resulting from delays of tenders
for large projects by customers, and to significant negative ef-
fects from currency translation. The majority of the Division's
businesses, which typically do not receive large orders, posted
growth on a comparable basis. The drop in large orders was par-
ticularly evident in the region Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East,
where in fiscal 2017 the Division recorded an order totaling
€0.8 billion for an offshore grid connection project in Germany
and an order totaling €0.6 billion for substations in Qatar. Vol-
ume from large orders was also down in the region Asia, Austra-
lia, which in the prior year included a high-voltage direct current
(HVDC) order in India totaling €0.4 billion, leading to an overall
order decline in that region. In contrast, orders were up in the
Americas region, particularly in the U.S. Revenue was flat year-
over-year due primarily to significant negative currency transla-
tion effects. On a comparable basis, revenue grew in the majority
of the Division's businesses, led by the low voltage and products
and the medium voltage and systems businesses. On a geo-
graphic basis, higher revenue in the region Asia, Australia was
partially offset by a decline in the Americas strongly influenced
by currency headwinds, while revenue in the region Europe,
C.L.S., Africa, Middle East was flat year-over-year. Profit was up
clearly compared to the prior year despite significant negative
currency effects as all of the Division's businesses delivered a pos-
itive contribution to profit. The largest profit increase year-over-
year was delivered by the transmission solutions business. Sever-
ance charges were €27 million in fiscal 2018 and €39 million in
fiscal 2017. The Division’s order backlog was €12 billion at the end
of the fiscal year, of which €8 billion are expected to be con-
verted into revenue in fiscal 2019.

These results were achieved in global markets that declined
slightly in fiscal 2018 on a nominal basis due mainly to foreign
currency headwinds. Continued weakness in the Middle East was
offset by growth in global industry, infrastructure and construc-
tion verticals, including oil and gas, metals and mining, intelli-
gent energy and storage solutions, and critical infrastructure
such as data centers. Latin America and Asia were key growth
contributors. Markets in Europe showed stable development,
with pockets of growth such as integration of renewable energy


--- Page 8 ---

sources into the grid. However, overall market trends remain
favorable, including integration of renewable energy and the
corresponding need for intelligent and flexible energy networks
to cope with the complexity caused by this integration. In fiscal
2019, most markets served by the Division are expected to pro-
vide low single-digit growth, excluding currency translation ef-
fects. The transmission utility market is expected to recover from
the weakness shown in fiscal 2018 and grow significantly, partic-
ularly if the large project tenders that were held back in the prior
year are ultimately awarded. Customers are expected to continue
their effort to strengthen transmission and distribution grids to
integrate the growing amount of decentralized renewable en-
ergy. We expect a further recovery in the oil and gas markets
from their recent low levels.

Under the new organizational structure reported beginning with
the third quarter of fiscal 2019, Energy Management's transmis-
sion businesses (transmission solutions and transmission prod-
ucts) will be assigned to the Operating Company Gas and Power,
while the businesses for power distribution (medium voltage
distribution, low voltage distribution and digital grid solutions)
will be assigned to the Operating Company Smart Infrastructure.
The Division's subsea business will be reassigned to Portfolio
Companies.

A.3.4 Building Technologies

The Building Technologies Division is a leading provider of au-
tomation technologies and digital services for safe, secure and
efficient buildings and infrastructures throughout the entire life-
cycle. The Division offers products, solutions, services and soft-
ware for fire safety, security, building automation and energy
management. Building Technologies sells its products and solu-
tions primarily through its worldwide regional branch offices and
also markets its products through its solutions and services orga-
nization together with value-added partners, installers, distribu-
tors and OEMs. The large customer base is widely dispersed.
It includes owners, operators and tenants of both public and
commercial buildings, general contractors and value-added part-
ners. The Division's principal competitors are multinational com-
panies. Its solutions and services business also competes with
system integrators and small local companies and increasingly
with IT based start-up companies. The Division faces continuing
price pressure, particularly in its solutions business, due to strong
competition from larger multinationals and system houses.
Changes in the overall economic environment generally have a
delayed effect on the Division’s business activities. Particularly in
the solutions and service businesses, Building Technologies is
affected by changes in the non-residential construction markets
with a time lag of two to four quarters.

Major trends that affect Building Technologies’ customers in-
clude the growing demand for energy efficiency of buildings
partly driven by rising legal and regulatory requirements, and the
necessity to reduce cost by increasing space efficiency and utili-
zation. In addition, customers increasingly demand smart space
solutions, addressing the need to ensure well-being and produc-
tivity of people by improving comfort conditions and offerings of
additional user-centric services. At the end of fiscal 2018, Build-
ing Technologies acquired three innovative start-up companies
to strengthen its portfolio and expertise in the field of energy
efficiency and smart space technology.

R&D activities at the Building Technologies Division focus on op-
timizing comfort and energy efficiency in buildings and infra-
structures and protecting against fire and security hazards. The
Division continues to advance its controller and sensor families
with a broadly international R&D setup. Building Technologies
drives the digital transformation of the building industry by cre-
ating open-standards-based Building Information Modeling
(BIM)-ready products and services and by connecting its products
and installed base to the new digital offerings of Siemens Comfy
and Enlighted in the smart space area. The Division also intends
to expand its digitalization portfolio on the Siemens MindSphere
platform. Building Technologies’ investments relate mainly to
the products and systems business, particularly innovation proj-
ects such as control and digital platforms.

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of € 2018 2017 Actual Comp.
Orders 7,077 0 4%
Revenue 6,613 1 6%
Profit 755 (4

Profit margin

Despite strong negative currency translation effects, revenue for
Building Technologies rose and orders came in at prior-year level.
On a comparable basis, volume was up in the solutions and
services business and the product business, with the Division's
revenue growing faster than the market on increases in all report-
ing regions. Orders grew in the region Europe, C.I.S., Africa,
Middle East, driven by double-digit growth in Germany including
multiple multi-year service contracts. The Division won major
orders in the U.S. in both periods under review. Profit and prof-
itability remained strong, supported by economies of scale and
improved productivity. For comparison, fiscal 2017 benefited
from a €94 million gain related to pension plan amendments.
Severance charges were €13 million in fiscal 2018 compared
to €18 million a year earlier. The Division’s order backlog was

Combined Management Report


--- Page 9 ---

10

€5 billion at the end of the fiscal year, of which €3 billion are
expected to be converted into revenue in fiscal 2019.

Building Technologies achieved its results in moderately growing
non-residential construction markets in fiscal 2018. The strongest
market growth contributions came from the Asia, Australia region,
particularly including India. The U.S. market grew nearly in line
with the global average and the majority of the European countries
continued their recovery, including a stable growth contribution
from Germany. The Division’s markets are expected to continue to
grow solidly in fiscal 2019, including similar growth developments
in the Asia, Australia region and in Europe including Germany, as
in fiscal 2018. For the U.S., growth in non-residential construction
markets is expected to slow down slightly in fiscal 2019.

Under the new organizational structure reported beginning with
the third quarter of fiscal 2019, Building Technologies’ businesses
will be assigned to the Operating Company Smart Infrastructure.

A.3.5 Mobility

Mobility combines all Siemens businesses in the area of passen-
ger and freight transportation, including rail vehicles, rail auto-
mation systems, rail electrification systems, road traffic technol-
ogy, digital solutions and related services. It also provides its
customers with consulting, planning, financing, construction,
service and operation of turnkey mobility systems. Moreover,
Mobility offers integrated mobility solutions for networking of
different types of traffic systems. It sells its products, systems and
solutions through its worldwide network of sales units. The prin-
cipal customers of Mobility are public and state-owned compa-
nies in the transportation and logistics sectors, so its markets are
driven primarily by public spending. Customers usually have
multi-year planning and implementation horizons, and their con-
tract tenders therefore tend to be independent of short-term
economic trends. Mobility’s principal competitors are multina-
tional companies. Consolidation among Mobility’s competitors is
continuing and has already led to the formation of a strong mar-
ket leader in China, which plans to expand its international busi-
ness. This is expected to change global market dynamics.

In March 2018, Siemens and Alstom SA, France (Alstom) signed
a Business Combination Agreement to combine Siemens’ mobil-
ity business including the rail traction drives business, which un-
til the end of fiscal 2018 was included in the Process Industries
and Drives Division, with the publicly listed company Alstom. The
two businesses are largely complementary in terms of activities
and geographies. The combined entity is expected to offer a sig-
nificantly increased range of diversified products, systems, solu-
tions and services. According to the Business Combination Agree-
ment, Siemens will receive newly issued shares in the combined

Combined Management Report

company representing 50% of Alstom’s share capital assuming
full dilution through exercise of all potentially dilutive securities
and share-based payment plans. Further, Siemens will receive
warrants allowing it to acquire Alstom shares representing 2% of
its share capital, which can be exercised earliest four years after
closing of the transaction. In July 2018, Alstom’s shareholders
approved the proposed combination at the company’s annual
shareholders’ meeting. In order to prepare for the combination,
Siemens has initiated the carve-out process for the Mobility busi-
ness. The business combination is subject to clearance from rel-
evant antitrust authorities. Closing of the transaction is expected
in the first half of calendar 2019. Following the closing of the
transaction, the combined businesses will form the Strategic
Company Siemens Alstom.

Trends in Mobility’s markets are characterized by the need for
solutions that make daily mobility simpler, more flexible, faster,
more reliable and affordable. Cities and national economies face
the challenge of reducing the costs, space requirements, noise
and CO2 emissions of transportation. The pressure on mobility
providers and policymakers to meet these mobility and transpor-
tation needs is growing as urban population is expected to con-
tinuously rise.

The Mobility’s R&D strategy is focused on maximum availability,
high throughput and enhanced passenger experience. Although
there is a growing need for mobility worldwide, possibilities for
building new roads and railways are limited. Meeting the de-
mand for mobility requires intelligent solutions that make trans-
port more efficient, safe and environmentally friendly. Decar-
bonization and seamlessly connected intermodal (e)mobility
are key factors for the future of transportation. Reflecting this,
Mobility’s R&D activities emphasize digitalization in developing
state-of-the art mobility solutions for rail and road combined
with new business models such as availability-as-a-service
(AaaS) via our data analytics application suite Railigent powered
by MindSphere. Mobility invests in the future mobility land-
scape together with other partners in areas such as sensor tech-
nologies, connectivity/loT solutions, software for intermodal
transport, Digital Twin/BIM, artificial intelligence and additive
manufacturing. Mobility’s investments focus mainly on main-
taining or enhancing its production facilities and on meeting
project demands.


--- Page 10 ---

Fiscal year
2018 2017

% Change

(in millions of €) Actual Comp.

Orders 10,959

Revenue 8,758 By
Profit 872 747 179
Profit margin 10.0% 9.2%

Orders at Mobility grew substantially on higher volume from
large orders, which the Division won across its businesses and
regions, most notably in the region Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle
East. Significant contract wins in the current period included
among others a commuter rail order in Israel worth €0.9 billion
including service; Siemens’ largest-ever rail infrastructure order
in Norway, worth €0.7 billion including service; a €0.6 billion or-
der for additional ICE 4 trainsets and power cars in Germany; and
the first order, worth €0.4 billion, from a larger framework agree-
ment for delivery of passenger coaches in Austria. In fiscal 2017,
the Division also acquired a number of significant contracts in all
three reporting regions. Revenue rose in all businesses as the
Division successfully executed large projects. On a geographic
basis, revenue growth was driven by double-digit increases in the
regions Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East and Asia, Australia,
while revenue in the Americas came in lower due to negative
currency translation effects. Revenue growth was particularly
strong in Germany, where the first ICE 4 high-speed trains from
Siemens’ largest-ever rolling stock order successfully began reg-
ular service. Profit rose significantly, with all of Mobility’s busi-
nesses contributing double-digit growth and higher profitability
year-over-year on continued strong operational execution. Sev-
erance charges were €13 million, down from €46 million in fiscal
2017. Mobility’s order backlog was €28 billion at the end of the
fiscal year, of which €7 billion are expected to be converted into
revenue in fiscal 2019.

Order growth reflected overall strong markets for Mobility in fiscal
2018, with different dynamics among the regions. Market devel-
opment in Europe was characterized by continuing awards of mid-
size and large orders, particularly in Germany, France and the U.K.
Demand in the Middle East and Africa was held back by ongoing
uncertainties related to budget constraints and political climates.
In the Americas region, stable investment activities were driven by
demand for mainline and urban transport, especially in the U.S.
Within the Asia, Australia region, Chinese markets saw ongoing
investments in high-speed trains, urban transport and rail infra-
structure, while India continues to invest in modernizing the
country’s transportation infrastructure. For fiscal 2019, Mobility’s
markets are anticipated to grow moderately. While the main
growth trends from fiscal 2018 are expected to continue in fiscal
2019, Mobility anticipates increasing demand for digital solutions.

A.3.6 Digital Factory

The Digital Factory Division offers a comprehensive product
portfolio and system solutions for automation technologies used
in manufacturing industries, such as automation systems and
software for factory automation, industrial controls and numeri-
cal control systems, motors, drives and inverters and integrated
automation systems for machine tools and production machines,
complemented by product and production lifecycle software, and
software for simulation and testing of mechatronic systems.
These offerings are supplemented by the electronic design auto-
mation software portfolio of Mentor Graphics, U.S. (Mentor) and
TASS International, the Netherlands, both acquired during fiscal
2017 as well as the Division's open, cloud-based industrial inter-
net of things (IloT) operating system MindSphere that connects
machines and physical infrastructure to the digital world. The
Division also provides customers with lifecycle and data-driven
services. Taken together, the Division's offerings enable custom-
ers to optimize entire value chains from product design and de-
velopment to production and services. With its advanced soft-
ware solutions in particular, the Division supports manufacturing
companies with their transformation towards the “Digital Enter-
prise,” resulting in increased flexibility and efficiency of produc-
tion processes and reduced time to market for new products. The
Division supplies customers mainly in discrete and hybrid manu-
facturing industries. Digital Factory serves its customers through
a regional sales organization shared together with the Process
Industries and Drives Division, using various sales channels de-
pending on the type of customer and industry. Changes in cus-
tomer demand are strongly driven by macroeconomic cycles, and
can lead to significant short-term variation in the Division's prof-
itability. The competition for Digital Factory's business activities
can be grouped into two categories: multinational companies
that offer a relatively broad portfolio and companies that are ac-
tive only in certain geographic or product markets.

The Division currently sees three basic trends influencing its
business. Central banks are gradually lifting interest rates. On the
one hand, this trend is expected to limit investment decisions in
general. On the other hand it will lead to more focused invest-
ment in improving efficiency. Further, there is a trend from glo-
balization to regionalization to either protect local economies or
to better adapt solutions to local needs. The trend towards digi-
talization spurs companies to modernize their production perfor-
mance to keep or increase their competiveness.

R&D activities at the Digital Factory Division are aimed at en-
hancing speed, flexibility, quality and efficiency within the dis-
crete manufacturing industry. Here comprehensive digitaliza-
tion, including the highest possible IT security, is the key lever.
This is accomplished by developing the “digital twin” or holistic
virtual representation of a customer’s value chain. Through its

Combined Management Report


--- Page 11 ---

R&D, Digital Factory continues to advance this capability partic-
ularly by linking three aspects of the digital twin in a unique way:
the digital twin of the product itself; of production and perfor-
mance of the real product in use; and of the product's ongoing
production process. This close dovetailing between the virtual
and real worlds enables customers to simulate and optimize their
products, their machinery and facilities at an early stage while
assuring high-performance production. A further core area of
development is MindSphere. During fiscal 2018, Siemens founded
MindSphere World, a forum for anyone participating in the Mind-
Sphere ecosystem. One field of work is a technology committee
which enables forum participants to help shape the future devel-
opment of the platform. In fiscal 2018, the Division also
introduced Industrial Edge from Siemens, which closes the gap
between local and cloud computing and facilitates high-
frequency data exchange at the field level. It includes software
applications, so-called Edge Apps, which are downloaded from
an Edge App store in the backend system, e.g. MindSphere, and
installed onto the required Edge Devices. Major capital expendi-
tures of Digital Factory in fiscal 2018 related to the factory auto-
mation, product lifecycle, motion control systems, and control
products businesses, including capital expenditure in production
facilities in China and in data center infrastructure.

Fiscal year
2018 2017

% Change

(in millions of €) Actual Comp.

Orders 13,615
Revenue 12,932
Profit 2,586 234
Profit margin 20.0%

Digital Factory increased orders and revenue in all its businesses
year-over-year. The Division's short-cycle businesses showed ex-
cellent performance, with demand remaining strong throughout
the fiscal year, though growth rates began moderating towards
the fiscal year-end. Orders and revenue in the software business
grew substantially due to strong demand combined with new vol-
ume resulting from the acquisition of Mentor at the end of the
second quarter of fiscal 2017. On a geographic basis, orders and
revenue were up in all reporting regions, with the strongest in-
creases from the Americas, particularly including the U.S., and
from Asia, Australia, particularly including China. All of the Divi-
sion’s businesses improved profit and profitability year-over-year.
Short-cycle businesses made the strongest contribution to profit
while the strongest increase in profit came from the software
business which in both periods absorbed ongoing expenses to
accelerate adoption of digital offerings including the Siemens’
MindSphere platform. In fiscal 2017, the profitability in the soft-
ware business was impacted by deferred revenue adjustments

Combined Management Report

and transaction and integration costs related to the acquisition
of Mentor, totaling €104 million. These impacts were €60 million
in fiscal 2018. Severance charges also decreased year-over-year
to €68 million from €134 million in fiscal 2017. Profit in fiscal 2017
benefited from a gain of €175 million related to the eCar busi-
ness, which Digital Factory contributed to the joint venture Valeo
Siemens eAutomotive. The Division's order backlog was €4 bil-
lion at the end of the fiscal year, of which €3 billion are expected
to be converted into revenue in fiscal 2019.

Digital Factory achieved its results in a generally favorable envi-
ronment, with its short-cycle businesses outperforming the mar-
ket. Global discrete manufacturing markets served by the Divi-
sion continued to grow in fiscal 2018. Customer investments
grew faster than their production, underlining a clear growth
momentum relating to automation and digitalization. This led to
strong demand from the machine-building and electronics in-
dustries. With stimulus from governmental growth initiatives,
China was the main growth driver on a geographic basis. Growth
in anumber of European countries was also strong, while growth
in the U.S. gained momentum during the course of the fiscal
year. For fiscal 2019, markets are expected to continue to grow
in line with at least modest growth in global manufacturing pro-
duction. Given the high levels of investment in fiscal 2018 and
rising global trade tensions, we expect slower growth in demand
for machine building and equipment, and more moderate
growth dynamics in regions that experienced particularly strong
market expansion in fiscal 2018. This particularly includes China,
and therefore the potential for spillover effects on some Asian
and European countries.

At the beginning of fiscal 2019, Digital Factory acquired Mendix,
Inc., to increase growth and accelerate adoption of MindSphere.
Mendix is a U.S.-based pioneer and leader in cloud-native low-
code application development, which can significantly reduce app
development times through visual representation of underlying
code (for more information on the acquisition of Mendix, see
> NOTE 34 iN B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS).

Under the new organizational structure reported beginning with
the third quarter of fiscal 2019, Digital Factory’s businesses ex-
cept for control products, which will be assigned to the Operating
Company Smart Infrastructure, will be assigned to the Operating
Company Digital Industries.


--- Page 12 ---

A.3.7 Process Industries and Drives

The Process Industries and Drives Division offers a comprehen-
sive product, software, solution and service portfolio for moving,
measuring, controlling and optimizing all kinds of mass flows.
With its know-how in vertical industries including oil and gas,
shipbuilding, mining, cement, fiber, chemicals, food and bever-
age and pharmaceuticals, the Division works with its customers
to increase productivity, reliability and flexibility of machinery
and installations along their entire life cycle. Based on data mod-
els and analysis methods, Process Industries and Drives paves the
way to create a “Digital Enterprise,” from process simulation via
plant design and documentation through to asset and perfor-
mance management. The Division's offerings include an inte-
grated portfolio of products, components and systems such as
couplings, gears, motors and converters, process instrumenta-
tion systems, process analytics devices, wired and wireless com-
munication, industrial identification and power supplies up to
systems level with decentralized control systems, industrial soft-
ware, and customized, application-specific systems and solu-
tions. It also sells gears, couplings and drive solutions to other
Siemens businesses, which use them in rail transport and wind
turbines. With certain notable exceptions, demand within the
industries served by the Division generally shows a delayed re-
sponse to changes in the overall economic environment. The
Division’s results are strongly dependent, however, on invest-
ment cycles in its key industries. In commodity-based industries
such as oil and gas or mining, these cycles are driven mainly by
commodity price fluctuations rather than changes in produced
volumes. Process Industries and Drives serves its customers
through a regional sales organization shared together with the
Digital Factory Division, using various sales channels depending
on the type of customer and industry. The Division’s competitors
can be grouped into two categories: multinational companies
that offer a relatively broad portfolio and companies that are ac-
tive only in certain geographic or product markets. Consolidation
is taking place mostly in particular market segments and not
across the broad base of the Division's portfolio. In particular,
consolidation in solution-driven markets is going in the direction
of in-depth niche market expertise. Most major competitors have
established global bases for their businesses. In addition, the
competition has become increasingly focused on technological
improvements and cost position.

The Division is currently benefiting from a cyclic increase in de-
mand in process industries. Nevertheless, basic conditions in its
business environment are still impacted by the consequences of
the low level of demand in previous years, which continue to
burden market price levels. Historical price and investment levels
in basic materials industries are not expected to return in the
mid-term. This structural change in the Division’s markets re-
quires adaptions in its businesses. The defined measures include

footprint optimization, reduction of capacities as well as internal
re-organization to bundle competencies and get closer to its cus-
tomers. This program is still under execution.

R&D activities in the Process Industries and Drives Division
remain focused on intensifying the use of information and com-
munication technologies to speed up the digital transformation
of process industries. Primary examples include innovative pro-
cess automation architectures, highly efficient and intelligent
power electronics modules, and integration of physical machines
and processes into the IloT. The Division also continues to ad-
vance innovation in leading-edge fields such as simulation, digi-
tal twin technology and data analytics provided by digital con-
sulting services. Here the examples include the new digital
platform SIDRIVE IQ, which offers cloud-based predictive mainte-
nance of a motor. This capability in turn enables new business
models, such as performance contracting. Along with the digital
transformation of its customers, the Division also delivers high-
level security strategies and concepts to protect customer assets
from vulnerability by cyber-attacks. The Division makes most of
its capital expenditures for the purpose of rationalization, re-
placement, and adjustment of innovative new or successor prod-
ucts, particularly in Europe.

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2018 2017 Actual Comp.
Orders 9,305 3 7
Revenue 8,840 0 34
Profit 518 18
Profit margin 5.9% 5.0

Supported by a recovery in commodity-related markets, orders
rose year-over-year. All of the Division's businesses contributed to
growth except the mechanical components business, where de-
mand began to recover in the second half of the fiscal year from
the low level of the prior year. Negative currency translation ef-
fects kept revenue on prior-year-level. Growth in the large drives
and the process automation businesses was offset by declines in
the other businesses, most notably in mechanical components.
On a geographic basis, orders were up in all regions, most nota-
bly in Asia, Australia, particularly including double-digit growth
in China. Double-digit revenue growth in Asia, Australia, includ-
ing in China, was largely offset by a decline in the Americas.
Profit was up in all businesses except the mechanical compo-
nents business, and included a particularly strong performance
in the process automation business. Profit and profitability were
held back by negative currency effects. Overall, the Division
made significant progress in improving its cost position and ad-
justing its capacities. Severance charges related to previously

Combined Management Report


--- Page 13 ---

14

announced measures to further improve the Division’s competi-
tiveness rose to €99 million in fiscal 2018, up from €48 million in
fiscal 2017. Charges related to non-personnel capacity adjust-
ments were lower than a year earlier. The Division's order backlog
was €6 billion at the end of the fiscal year, of which €4 billion are
expected to be converted into revenue in fiscal 2019.

As mentioned above, the Division's performance partly benefited
from improved market conditions. Overall, markets served by the
Process Industries and Drives Division grew moderately in fiscal
2018, with rising demand in global manufacturing production par-
ticularly including strong growth dynamics in China. Consumer-re-
lated industries, such as food and beverage and pharmaceuticals,
continued on their growth path. Market conditions improved from
a low level in commodity-related industries, particularly in mining
and oil and gas and to a lesser degree in metals, following higher
raw-materials prices. In fiscal 2019, the Division’s markets are ex-
pected to continue to grow, but growth rates in global manufac-
turing production are expected to gradually decline, particularly
in short-cycle industries. Rising global economic uncertainties
might also impact growth dynamics in process industries. On a
geographic basis, we expect China and the U.S. markets to be the
strongest growth contributors in fiscal 2019.

Under the new organizational structure reported beginning with
the third quarter of fiscal 2019, Process Industries and Drives’ pro-
cess automation and its large drives businesses, excluding its
industrial applications and tractions businesses, will be assigned
to the Operating Company Digital Industries. The rail traction
drives business was transferred to Mobility as of October 1, 2018.
The remaining tractions and industrial application businesses,
together with the mechanical drives and the process solutions
businesses will be assigned to Portfolio Companies.

A.3.8 Siemens Healthineers

In the course of a public listing on March 16, 2018, Siemens
placed a 15 percent interest in Siemens Healthineers AG (Siemens
Healthineers) on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. For more infor-
mation, please refer to > NoTE3 in B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Siemens Healthineers is one of the
world’s largest suppliers of technology to the healthcare industry
and a leader in diagnostic imaging and laboratory diagnostics.
It provides medical technology and software solutions as well as
clinical consulting services, supported by a extensive set of train-
ing and service offerings. This comprehensive portfolio supports
customers along the continuum of care — from prevention and
early detection to diagnosis, treatment and follow-up care. Cus-
tomers range from public and private healthcare providers to
pharmaceutical companies and clinical research institutes. Its
business activities are to a certain extent resilient to short-term

Combined Management Report

economic trends as large portions of its revenue stem from recur-
ring business. They are, however, dependent on regulatory and
policy developments around the world. The global healthcare
market served by Siemens Healthineers is evolving, putting
healthcare providers under pressure to deliver better outcomes at
lower cost. Drivers of this accelerating evolution include increas-
ing societal resistance to healthcare costs, payers becoming more
professional, a shift to value-based reimbursement, chronic dis-
ease burdens, and rapid scientific progress. As a result, healthcare
providers are consolidating into networked structures, resulting
in larger clinic and laboratory chains — often internationally —
which act increasingly like large enterprises. Applying this indus-
trial logic to the healthcare market can lead to systematic im-
provements in quality, while at the same time reducing costs. To
capture these benefits, regulatory schemes around the world in-
creasingly seek to shift healthcare incentive systems away froma
pay-per-procedure model toward an outcome-based model.

The addressable markets of Siemens Healthineers are shaped by
four major trends. The first is demographic, including the grow-
ing and aging global population. This increase poses major chal-
lenges for global healthcare systems and, at the same time, offers
opportunities as the demand for cost-efficient healthcare solu-
tions continues to intensify. The second trend is the economic
development in emerging countries which opens up improved
access to healthcare for many people. As the middle class contin-
ues to grow, significant investment in the expansion of private
and public healthcare systems will keep expanding, driving over-
all growth. The third trend is the increase in chronic diseases aris-
ing from an aging population and environmental and lifestyle-re-
lated changes. The fourth global trend with considerable effect
on business development is the transformation of healthcare
providers. Increasing cost pressure on the healthcare sector is
prompting the introduction of new remuneration models for
healthcare services. Digitalization and artificial intelligence are
likely to be key enablers for healthcare providers as they increas-
ingly focus on enhancing the overall patient experience, with
better outcomes and overall reduction in cost of care. While these
trends are generally beneficial for Siemens Healthineers’ busi-
ness, governments in a number of countries show the intention
to establish protectionist initiatives and policies which support
local suppliers.

R&D activities at Siemens Healthineers are strongly focused on
the development of innovative product lines which use new tech-
nologies such as artificial intelligence. This will, amongst other
results, enable faster handling of medical information and can
lead to more precise and personalized clinical decisions. It also
promises added value: New computer algorithms can detect hid-
den patterns in the data and give physicians valuable support for
diagnosis and therapy decisions. Besides constantly advancing its
portfolio, Siemens Healthineers continuously extends existing


--- Page 14 ---

products and solutions. Systems like the recently launched
Atellica enhance its customers’ performance. This laboratory
diagnostics platform offers significant increases in throughput
speed along with greater flexibility. The services business is ex-
panding beyond product-related services by adding a digital ser-
vices portfolio and increasing enterprise transformation services
to support customers in their transition to outcome-focused care.
A major step forward is the Digital Ecosystem platform to link
healthcare providers and solution providers with one another as
well as to bring together their data, applications and services.
Users gain new insights through data analytics and use it to net-
work with their peers. Siemens Healthineers focuses its invest-
ments mainly on enhancing competitiveness and innovation.
The main capital expenditures were for additions to intangible
assets, including capitalized development expenses for such proj-
ects as a new integrated worldwide enterprise resource planning
(ERP) solution. It is also spending for factories to expand its man-
ufacturing and technical capabilities.

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2018 2017 Actual Comp.
Orders 14,506 7
Revenue 13,425 4
Profit 2,221
Profit margin 16.5%

Orders grew slightly despite significant negative effects from
currency translation, with the imaging business recording the
largest order growth year-over-year. Higher order intake in the
regions Americas and Asia, Australia primarily came from the
U.S. and China, respectively. Revenue also was subject to signif-
icant negative effects from currency translation. On a compara-
ble basis, revenue was up moderately in all three reporting re-
gions with all businesses posting higher revenue year-over-year,
led by the imaging business. Profit was lower compared to fiscal
2017, as operational improvements and productivity gains were
more than offset by significant negative currency effects, ex-
penses associated with the rollout of the Atellica solution, higher
severance charges, and transaction costs related to the public
listing mentioned above. Severance charges were €96 million in
fiscal 2018 and €57 million in fiscal 2017. The order backlog for
Siemens Healthineers was €16 billion at the end of the fiscal
year, of which €6 billion are expected to be converted into reve-
nue in fiscal 2019.

While demand in the markets served by Siemens Healthineers
continued to grow in fiscal 2018, these markets also showed price
pressure on new purchases and increased utilization rates for in-
stalled systems. All major served markets are currently in a healthy

state, which contributed to a slightly higher market growth in
Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle east and the Americas, compared to
the average of the previous years, most notably in the imaging and
advanced therapies markets. The markets in Asia, Australia grew
moderately. Imaging markets in the U.S. developed incrementally
more positively with continued mid-single digit market growth in
diagnostics. Still, the U.S. market environment remained challeng-
ing as pressure on utilization and reimbursement persisted. Gov-
ernment initiatives and programs, together with a strongly grow-
ing private market segment contributed to the expected
re-stabilization and growth of markets in China, however not re-
turning to growth rates as experienced in the early 2010s. Growth
in the imaging business includes enabling a wider range of appli-
cations, which in turn facilitates increasing patient access to imag-
ing technology. The market for in-vitro diagnostics is expanding
due to population and income growth in emerging markets and
the rising importance of diagnostics in improving healthcare qual-
ity. Growth in the area of molecular diagnostics was particularly
strong, driven by technological advances and a broader spectrum
of applications. For the healthcare industry as a whole, the trend
towards consolidation continues. Competition among the leading
companies is strong, especially with regard to price.

For fiscal 2019, Siemens Healthineers expects the imaging and
advanced therapies equipment markets and the diagnostics
market to stay on a moderate growth path. Siemens Healthineers’
markets continue to benefit from the long-term trends men-
tioned above, but are restricted by public spending constraints
and by consolidation among healthcare providers. On a geo-
graphic basis, Siemens Healthineers expects slight growth in the
U.S., held back by continued pressure to increase utilization of
existing equipment, reduced reimbursement rates and uncer-
tainty about policy. For Europe, it also expects slight growth, with
a likely increased emphasis on equipment replacement and busi-
ness with large customers such as hospital chains. For China,
Siemens Healthineers expects strong growth due to steadily ris-
ing government spending on healthcare, promotion of the pri-
vate segment and wider access to healthcare services nation-
wide, pronounced effects of an aging population, and a growing
incidence of chronic diseases.

A.3.9 Siemens Gamesa
Renewable Energy

In April 2017, Siemens contributed its wind power business, in-
cluding service, into the publicly listed company Gamesa Corpo-
racion Tecnoldgica, S.A., Spain, and in return received newly is-
sued shares of the combined entity Siemens Gamesa Renewable
Energy, S.A., Spain (SGRE). Siemens as majority shareholder
holds 59% of the shares of the combined entity. SGRE offers wind
turbines utilizing various pitch and speed technologies, and is

Combined Management Report


--- Page 15 ---

active in the development, construction and sale of wind farms.
While for onshore applications, both geared and direct-drive tur-
bines are currently being offered, SGRE offers only direct-drive
for offshore applications. In addition, SGRE provides services for
the management, operation and maintenance of wind farms. Its
primary customers are large utilities and independent power pro-
ducers. The competitive situation in wind power differs in the
two major market segments. In the markets for onshore wind
farms, competition is widely dispersed without any one company
holding a dominant share of the market, while markets for off-
shore wind farms continue to be served by a few experienced
players. Consolidation is moving forward in both on- and off-
shore markets, including exits of smaller players. The key drivers
of consolidation are increasing price pressure as well as technol-
ogy challenges and market access challenges, which increase
development costs and the importance of risk-sharing particu-
larly in offshore wind power. SGRE’s revenue mix may vary from
reporting period to reporting period depending on the mix of
onshore and offshore projects in the respective periods.

The share of renewable energy in the global energy mix is widely
expected to increase, but the trend toward evaluating competing
power sources using life-cycle costs continues to put pressure on
the prices offered by wind power providers. To address this trend,
SGRE focuses on improving its supply chain and significantly de-
creasing costs by optimizing production within its post-merger
manufacturing footprint, including the streamlining of its
merged product portfolios. A higher share of renewable energy
in electrical grids also increases the demand for predictability of
the energy supply and increased capability for integrating it into
the overall energy mix. Market development continues to depend
strongly on energy policy, including tax incentives in the U.S. and
regulatory frameworks in Germany and the U.K. However, with
continued technological progress and cost reduction, depen-
dency on subsidy schemes is expected to continue to decrease.

SGRE’s R&D efforts focus on developing the next generation of
turbine technology that leads to improved and more cost-effec-
tive products and solutions. Another focus is to become a leading
company in mastering the balance between power generation
and power demand for the renewable sector. To accomplish that
goal, SGRE is developing cost-effective energy storage solutions,
and solutions for hybridization that are designed to help utility
customers optimize utilization of renewable energy and thereby
increase profitability. A third focus area is digitalization: advances
in this field are expected to enable more intelligent monitoring
and analysis of turbine conditions as well as smart diagnostic
services. The investments of SGRE in fiscal 2018 focused on the
expansion of project delivery capacity from Germany for offshore
wind turbines. Further investments were related to project deliv-
ery capacity for onshore wind turbines in Morocco, Turkey, the
U.S. and China.

Combined Management Report

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2018 2017 Actual Comp.
Orders 11,875 35 89
Revenue 9,122 15 (5%)
Profit 483 43
Profit margin 5.3%

Order and revenue growth were held back by negative currency
translation effects, but benefited from the merger in fiscal 2017,
which added portfolio effects of 33 percentage points to order
growth and 23 percentage points to revenue growth. Order
intake in the year under review included a substantially higher
volume from large orders, among them an order for an offshore
wind-farm, including service, in the U.K. worth €1.3 billion.
Order growth in the Americas and Asia, Australia was driven by
the U.S. and India, which continue to be the most important mar-
kets for the onshore business. Reported revenue increased year-
over-year with growth mainly coming from the region Asia, Aus-
tralia, in particular from India where the market in the prior year
was impacted by the introduction of an auction system for wind-
farm tenders. Profit was up on the revenue increase, a higher
share from the services business, and operational improvements.
These factors were partially offset by price declines, especially in
the onshore markets. In the prior year, profit was burdened by
expenses totaling €134 million primarily from inventory write-
downs. Both years included significant expenses for integration
costs and capacity adjustments including severance, totaling
€176 million and €103 million in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017, re-
spectively. SGRE’s order backlog was €23 billion at the end of the
fiscal year, of which €8 billion are expected to be converted into
revenue in fiscal 2019.

These results were achieved in markets that grew in fiscal 2018
due to higher demand in both the onshore and offshore markets,
with the latter growing faster. On a regional basis, growth in the
onshore business was driven primarily by China where the largest
national wind market in the world remains largely closed to for-
eign manufacturers, and secondarily by the U.S. In contrast, the
onshore market in Germany declined significantly. In the off-
shore market, growth was also driven by China, while the market
volume in Europe remained stable. SGRE expects global wind
installations to grow substantially in fiscal 2019, with growth
driven by higher demand for onshore installations in markets
such as the U.S., India and Spain. Offshore installations are also
expected to grow, mostly in China. Market volume in euros is
expected to be subject to adverse price development and cur-
rency translation effects.


--- Page 16 ---

A.3.10 Financial Services

The Financial Services Division supports its customers’ invest-
ments with leasing solutions and equipment, project and struc-
tured financing in the form of debt and equity investments.
Based on its comprehensive financing know-how and specialist
technology expertise in the areas of Siemens businesses, Finan-
cial Services provides financial solutions for Siemens customers
as well as other companies, and also manages financial risks of
Siemens. Financial Services operates the Corporate Treasury of
Siemens, which includes managing liquidity, cash and interest
risks as well as certain foreign exchange, credit and commodities
risks. Business activities and tasks of Corporate Treasury are re-
ported in the segment information within Reconciliation to Con-
solidated Financial Statements.

Under the new organizational structure, Corporate Treasury and
corporate financial risk management will be operated centrally.

Fiscal year

(in millions of €) 2018 2017
Income before income taxes 653
ROE (after taxes) 20.0%

Sep 30,

(in millions of €) 2018 2017
Total assets 28,281

Financial Services again delivered a strong income before in-
come taxes, including lower credit hits and growth in the debt
business, along with an increase in total assets.

Our Financial Services Division is geared to Siemens’ Industrial
Business and its markets. As such the Division is influenced by
the business development of the markets served by our Indus-
trial Business, among other factors. Financial Services will con-
tinue to focus its business scope on areas of intense domain
know-how.

A.3.11 Reconciliation to
Consolidated Financial Statements

Profit

Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2018 2017
Centrally managed portfolio activities 1,188
Siemens Real Estate 140
Corporate items (813)
Centrally carried pension expense (433)
Amortization of intangible assets
acquired in business combinations (1,164)
Eliminations, Corporate Treasury
and other reconciling items (335)
Reconciliation to Consolidated
Financial Statements (1,418) (1,785)

The increase at Centrally managed portfolio activities (CMPA)
included a gain of €900 million resulting from the transfer of
Siemens’ shares in Atos SE to Siemens Pension-Trust e.V. in
Germany to fund pension plans and a gain of €655 million from
the sale of OSRAM Licht AG shares; these positive effects were
partly offset by an impairment loss of €154 million related to an
equity investment. In fiscal 2017 the positive result related pri-
marily to the measurement of a major asset retirement obliga-
tion, including a net gain of €364 million resulting from interest
rate effects and €312 million attributable mainly to a reduced
expected inflation rate, as well as gains from reversals of provi-
sions for guarantees related to a previous divestment. These pos-
itive effects in fiscal 2017 were partly offset by higher losses from
at-equity investments including a €230 million impairment of
Siemens’ stake in Primetals Technologies Ltd.

Corporate items included corporate costs, such as group man-
aging costs, basic research of Corporate Technology, corporate
projects and non-operating investments or results of corpo-
rate-related derivative activities. The increase of negative results
from Corporate items included higher expenses for corporate
reorganization of support functions including severance charges
of €132 million (€71 million in fiscal 2017).

The increase in Amortization of intangible assets acquired in
business combinations related mainly to the acquisition of
Mentor and the merger with Gamesa, which were closed in
March 2017 and April 2017, respectively.

Combined Management Report

7


--- Page 17 ---

18

A.4 Results of operations

A.4.1 Orders and revenue by region

Negative currency translation effects took five percentage points
from order and four percentage points from revenue growth;
portfolio transactions, primarily the merger of the wind power
business with Gamesa and the acquisition of Mentor, both during
fiscal 2017, added four percentage points to order and three per-
centage points to revenue growth. The resulting ratio of orders
to revenue (book-to-bill) for Siemens in fiscal 2018 was 1.10,
again well above 1. The order backlog for the Siemens Group was
€132 billion as of September 30, 2018, a new high.

————_~EOrTE ETE
Orders (location of customer)

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2018 2017 Actual Comp.
Europe, C.I.S., Africa,
Middle East 46,495 45,130 3 3%
therein: Germany 11,254 14,0 (20%
Americas 25,060 16%
therein: U.S. 18,106 7% 10%
Asia, Australia 19,742 11 7%
therein: China 8,459 13% 15%
Siemens 91,296 6% 8%
therein: emerging
markets' 30,564 15%

1,_Asdefined by the international Monetary Fund.

Orders related to external customers were clearly up year-over-
year on growth in the majority of industrial businesses and in all
reporting regions. Substantially higher orders at SGRE benefited
from substantial portfolio effects following the merger. Digital
Factory and Mobility both recorded double-digit order growth,
the former benefiting from portfolio effects arising from the ac-
quisition of Mentor. Energy Management, which had recorded a
substantial volume from large orders in fiscal 2017, saw its orders
decline significantly year-over-year. Volume from large orders for
Industrial Business overall was up clearly, driven by Mobility and
SGRE. The significant growth in emerging markets was driven by
orders from China, India and Mexico.

In the Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East region, the majority
of industrial businesses posted order growth, led by Mobility,
which won several large contracts in the year under review.
Order intake in the region was down substantially in Energy
Management due to a sharply lower volume from large orders,
which in the prior year included large contracts in Germany and
Qatar. In contrast to the region overall, orders were down sig-
nificantly in Germany, with all businesses other than Building
Technologies and Digital Factory posting declines. SGRE and
Energy Management, which both had recorded a substantial

Combined Management Report

volume from large orders in the prior year, recorded the largest
decreases in order intake there.

Orders in the Americas region were up clearly year-over-year on
sharp growth in SGRE and substantial order increases in Digital
Factory and Mobility. The pattern of order development in the
U.S. was largely the same as in the Americas region, except for
Power and Gas, which saw a significant decline in order intake in
the U.S. but only a slight decrease in the Americas overall.

Orders were up significantly in the Asia, Australia region due
to growth in the majority of industrial businesses. Growth driv-
ers were SGRE, which recorded sharply higher orders in the on-
shore business in India, and Digital Factory, with substantial
growth in China. Order intake was lower at Energy Manage-
ment, which had won a large contract in India in fiscal 2017, and
in Power and Gas.

a ——— ~~ _ _——————
Revenue (location of customer)

Fiscal year % Change

(in millions of €) 2018 2017 Actual Comp.
Europe, C.I.S., Africa,
Middle East 42,782

therein: Germany 11,729
Americas 22,115

therein: U.S. 16,012
Asia, Australia 18,147

therein: China 8,102
Siemens 83,044

therein: emerging

markets' 28,272

1 As defined by the international Monetary Fund.

Revenue related to external customers went up slightly year-over-
year as strong growth at Digital Factory and Mobility and new
volume from the Gamesa merger at SGRE were largely offset by
a significant decline at Power and Gas in contracting markets.

Revenue in Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East was close to the
prior-year level as increases in the majority of industrial busi-
nesses almost offset a substantial decline in Power and Gas. Mo-
bility and Digital Factory recorded the highest growth rates. In
Germany, revenue was up with sharp growth in Mobility and in-
creases in most other businesses more than offsetting a substan-
tial decline in SGRE.

In the Americas, revenue came in lower year-over-year, including
a substantial decline in Power and Gas and decreases in a number
of other industrial businesses, partly offset by substantial growth
in Digital Factory. This pattern was roughly the same in the U.S.


--- Page 18 ---

Revenue in Asia, Australia was up significantly year-over-year,
driven by sharply higher revenue in SGRE, in particular coming
from India, and substantial growth in Digital Factory that was
driven by China. All industrial businesses recorded higher reve-
nue in that country, with Digital Factory and Process Industries
and Drives posting the highest contributions to the increase.

A.4.2 Income

Fiscal year
(in millions of €, earnings per share in €) 2018 2017 % Change
Power and Gas 377 1,571 (76%)
Energy Management 1,003 8%
Building Technologies 755 (4%)
Mobility 872 17%
Digital Factory 2,586 2
Process Industries and Drives 518 18%
Siemens Healthineers 2,221 (8%)
Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy 483 43%
Industrial Business 8,815 (6%)
Profit margin Industrial Business 10.4%
Financial Services 653 2%
Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements (1,418) 2
Income from continuing operations before income taxes 8,050 8,189 (2%)
Income tax expenses (2,054) (2,148) 4
Income from continuing operations 5,996 6,041 (1%)
Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 124 53 134%
Net income 6,120 0%
Basic earnings per share 7.12 (3%)
ROCE 12.7% 13.3%

As a result of the development described for the segments,
Income from continuing operations before income taxes
declined 2%. Severance charges for continuing operations were
€923 million, of which €754 million were in the Industrial Busi-
ness. Profit margin Industrial Business excluding severance
charges was 11.3% in fiscal 2018. In fiscal 2017, severance charges
for continuing operations were €466 million, of which €385 mil-
lion were in the Industrial Business.

The tax rate for fiscal 2018 was 26%, positively influenced by ef-
fects from the reassessment of tax positions, including a net effect
of €435 million following the U.S. tax reform, and the largely tax-
free gains from the transfer of Siemens’ shares in Atos SE to
Siemens Pension-Trust e.V. and the sale of OSRAM Licht AG
shares. These factors were only partly offset by negative income
tax effects related to establishing the Siemens Healthineers Group
and tax expenses stemming from carve-out activities related to

Mobility. The tax rate of 26% in the prior year was positively in-
fluenced mainly by decisions arising from tax audits. As a result,
Income from continuing operations declined 1%.

Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes
was higher compared to the prior year and included positive ef-
fects from the release of a provision related to former Communi-
cations activities.

The decline in basic earnings per share reflects the decrease of Net
income attributable to Shareholders of Siemens AG, which was
€5,807 million in fiscal 2018 compared to €5,961 million in fiscal 2017.
Basic earnings per share excluding severance charges was €7.88.

At 12.7%, ROCE was below the target range established in our

One Siemens financial framework, as expected. The decline year-
over-year was due primarily to higher average capital employed,

Combined Management Report


--- Page 19 ---

20

as increases associated with the SGRE merger and the acquisition
of Mentor were reflected in all four quarters of fiscal 2018 as
compared to only two quarters for SGRE and three quarters for
Mentor in fiscal 2017.

A.4.3 Research and development

In fiscal 2018, we reported research and development (R&D) ex-
penses of €5.6 billion, compared to €5.2 billion in fiscal 2017.
The resulting R&D intensity, defined as the ratio of R&D ex-
penses and revenue, was 6.7%, thus above the R&D intensity of
6.2% in fiscal 2017. Additions to capitalized development ex-
penses amounted to €0.3 billion in fiscal 2018, compared to
€0.4 billion in fiscal 2017. As of September 30, 2018, Siemens
held approximately 65,000 granted patents worldwide in its con-
tinuing operations. As of September 30, 2017, we held approxi-
mately 63,600 granted patents. On average, we had 41,800 R&D
employees in fiscal 2018.

Our research and development activities are ultimately geared to
developing innovative, sustainable solutions for our customers —
and the Siemens businesses — while also strengthening our own
competitiveness. Joint implementation by the operating units
and Corporate Technology, our central R&D department, ensures
that research activities and business strategies are closely aligned
with one another, and that all units benefit equally and quickly
from technological developments. The following technologies
were the focus in fiscal 2018: additive manufacturing, autono-
mous robotics, blockchain applications, connected (e-)mobility,
connectivity and edge devices, cyber security, data analytics and
artificial intelligence, distributed energy systems, energy storage,
future of automation, materials, power electronics, simulation
and digital twin as well as software systems and processes.

Combined Management Report

We further develop technologies through our “open innovation”
concept. We are working closely with scholars from leading uni-
versities and research institutions, not only under bilateral re-
search cooperation agreements but in publicly funded collective
research projects. Our focus here is on our strategic research
partners, and especially the eight Centers of Knowledge Inter-
change that we maintain at leading universities worldwide.

Siemens’ global venturing unit, next47, provides capital to help
start-ups expand and scale. It serves as the creator of next-gener-
ation businesses for Siemens by building, buying and partnering
with start-ups at any stage. next47 is focused on anticipating how
technologies will impact our end markets. This fore-knowledge
enables Siemens and Siemens’ customers to grow and thrive in
the age of digitalization.


--- Page 20 ---

A.5 Net assets position

Sep 30,

(in millions of © 2018 2017 % Change
Cash and cash equivalents 11,066 8,375 32%
Available-for-sale financial assets 1,286 1,242 4%
Trade and other receivables 17,918 16,754 7%
Other current financial assets 8,693 7,664 13%
Contract assets 8,912 8,781 1%
Inventories 13,885 13,885 0%
Current income tax assets 1,010 1,098 (8%)
Other current assets 1,707 1,466 16%
Assets classified as held for disposal 94 1,484 (94%)

Total current assets 64,570 60,750 6%
Goodwill 28,344 27,906 2%
Other intangible assets 10,131 10,926 (7%)
Property, plant and equipment 11,381 10,977 4%
Investments accounted for using the equity method 2,579 2,727 (5%)
Other financial assets 17,759 19,044 (7%)
Deferred tax assets 2,341 2,283 3%
Other assets 1,810 1,498 21%

Total non-current assets 74,345 75,361 (1%)

Total assets 138,915 136,111 2%

Our total assets in fiscal 2018 were influenced by negative cur-
rency translation effects of €1.3 billion.

Trade and other receivables increased in all industrial busi-
nesses, with the increase most evident at Digital Factory, Energy
Management and Mobility.

The increase in other current financial assets was driven by
higher loans receivable at Financial Services, which were mainly
due to new business and reclassification of non-current loans
receivable from other financial assets.

Assets classified as held for disposal decreased due primarily
to the sale of €1.2 billion in shares in OSRAM Licht AG.

The decrease in other financial assets mainly resulted from the
transfer of Siemens’ shares in Atos SE to Siemens Pension-Trust
e.V., partly offset by higher loans receivable at Financial Services.

Combined Management Report

21


--- Page 21 ---

22

A.6 Financial position

A.6.1 Capital structure

Sep 30,

(in millions of €) 2018 2017 % Change
Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt 5,057 5,447 (79
Trade payables 10,716 9,756
Other current financial liabilities 1,485
Contract liabilities 14,464 14,228 24
Current provisions 3,931 4,077 (4%)
Current income tax liabilities 3,102 2,355 329
Other current liabilities 9,118 8,671 5%
Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal 1 99 (99%)

Total current liabilities 47,874 46,077 4%
Long-term debt 27,120 26,777
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 7,684 9,582
Deferred tax liabilities 1,092 1,635
Provisions 4,216 4,366
Other financial liabilities 685 902
Other liabilities 2,198 2,153 2%

Total non-current liabilities 42,995 45,415 (5%

Total liabilities 90,869 91,492 (1%
Debt ratio 65% 67%

Total equity attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG 45,474 43,181 5%
Equity ratio 35% 33%

Non-controlling interests 2,573 1,438 79%

Total liabilities and equity 138,915 136,111 2%

The decrease in short-term debt and current maturities of
long-term debt was due mainly to the repayment of fixed-/float-
ing-rate instruments totaling €3.5 billion. This was offset to a
large extent by reclassifications of long-term fixed-/floating-rate
instruments totaling €3.1 billion from long-term debt.

Trade payables increased in nearly all industrial businesses, with
the increase most evident at Mobility, Digital Factory and SGRE.

The increase in current income tax liabilities was mainly driven
by establishing the Siemens Healthineers Group and by carve-out
activities related to Mobility.

Long-term debt increased due primarily to the issuance of fixed-
rate instruments totaling €2.8 billion in three tranches with var-
ied maturities of up to 12 years, currency translation effects for
bonds issued in US$ and higher loans from banks. This was to a
large extent offset by the above-mentioned reclassifications of
fixed-/floating-rate instruments.

The decrease in provisions for pensions and similar obliga-
tions was due mainly to substantial contributions to Siemens’

Combined Management Report

pension assets in Germany and the U.S. including the transfer of
Siemens’ shares in Atos SE to Siemens Pension-Trust e.V.

The decrease in deferred tax liabilities was primarily driven by
the reassessment of tax positions following the U.S. tax reform.

The main factors for the change in total! equity attributable to
shareholders of Siemens AG were €5.8 billion in net income
attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG and an increase in
equity attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG of €3.0 billion
due to the public listing of Siemens Healthineers AG. This in-
crease was partly offset by dividend payments of €3.0 billion (for
fiscal 2017) and negative other comprehensive income, net of
income taxes of €2.5 billion, resulting mainly from the sale of
shares in OSRAM Licht AG and the transfer of Siemens’ shares in
Atos SE to Siemens Pension-Trust e.V. Another offsetting factor
was the repurchase of 13,248,262 treasury shares at an average
cost per share of €110.84, totaling €1.5 billion (including inciden-
tal transaction charges).

The increase in non-controlling interests was due mainly to the
public listing of Siemens Healthineers AG.


--- Page 22 ---

Capital structure ratio

Our capital structure ratio as of September 30, 2018 decreased to
0.4 from 0.9 a year earlier, both results being in line with the
target established in our One Siemens financial framework. The
change was due primarily to a substantial increase in cash and
cash equivalents and the above-mentioned decrease of provi-
sions for pensions and similar obligations.

Debt and credit facilities

As of September 30, 2018, we recorded, in total, €28.4 billion in
notes and bonds (maturing until 2047), €2.9 billion in loans from
banks (maturing until 2037), €0.8 billion in other financial in-
debtedness (maturing until 2029) and €0.1 billion in obligations
under finance leases. Notes and bonds were issued mainly in the
U.S. dollar and euro, and to a lower extent in the British pound.

We have credit facilities totaling €9.5 billion, thereof €8.3 billion
unused as of September 30, 2018.

For further information about our debt see > NoTE16 in > B.6
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. For further informa-
tion about the functions and objectives of our financial risk man-
agement see —> NoTE 25 in —> B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINAN-
CIAL STATEMENTS.

Off-balance-sheet commitments

As of September 30, 2018, the undiscounted amount of maxi-
mum potential future payments related primarily to credit guar-
antees and guarantees of third-party performance amounted to
€3.0 billion (September 30, 2017: €3.1 billion).

In addition to these commitments, we issued other guarantees.
To the extent future claims are not considered remote, maximum
future payments from these commitments amounted to €0.5 bil-
lion (September 30, 2017: €0.6 billion).

Future payment obligations under non-cancellable operating
leases amounted to €3.2 billion (September 30, 2017: €3.3 billion).

Irrevocable loan commitments amounted to €3.2 billion (Sep-
tember 30, 2017: €3.4 billion). A considerable portion of these
commitments resulted from asset-based lending transactions,
meaning that the respective loans can be drawn only after the
borrower has provided sufficient collateral.

Share buyback

In addition to the above-mentioned treasury shares repurchased
in fiscal 2018, we repurchased an additional 3,343,479 treasury
shares in October 2018. We thus completed the share buyback
program initiated in November 2015 with a total volume of
€3.0 billion.

In November 2018, we announced a share buyback of up to
€3.0 billion ending at the latest on November 15, 2021. The buy-
backs will initially be made under the authorization granted at
the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 27, 2015. Shares
repurchased may be used solely for retirement; for issuing shares
to employees, to members of the Managing Board and board
members of affiliated companies; and for servicing/securing the
obligations or rights from or in connection with convertible
bonds or warrant bonds.

Combined Management Report

23


--- Page 23 ---

24

A.6.2 Cash flows

Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2018
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income 6,120
Change in operating net working capital (435)
Other reconciling items to cash flows from operating activities — continuing operations 2,730
Cash flows from operating activities - continuing operations 8,415
Cash flows from operating activities — discontinued operations 10
Cash flows from operating activities - continuing and discontinued operations 8,425
Cash flows from investing activities
Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (2,602)
Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired (525)
Change in receivables from financing activities of SFS (1,620)
Other purchases of assets (1,958)
Other disposals of assets 2,962
Cash flows from investing activities - continuing operations (3,741)
Cash flows from investing activities — discontinued operations (33)
Cash flows from investing activities — continuing and discontinued operations (3,774)
Cash flows from financing activities
Purchase of treasury shares (1,409)
Re-issuance of treasury shares and other transactions with owners 4,064
Issuance of long-term debt 2,734
Repayment of long-term debt (including current maturities of long-term debt) (3,530)
Change in short-term debt and other financing activities 333
Interest paid (1,002)
Dividends paid to shareholders of Siemens AG (3,011)
Dividends attributable to non-controlling interests (126)
Cash flows from financing activities — continuing operations (1,946)
Cash flows from financing activities — discontinued operations -
Cash flows from financing activities — continuing and discontinued operations (1,946)

Cash flows from operating activities were mainly driven by the
Digital Factory Division and Siemens Healthineers. The main fac-
tor for the cash outflows related to the build-up of operating
net working capital was an increase in trade and other receiv-
ables mainly at Mobility and Energy Management. These cash
outflows were partly offset by cash inflows related to higher
trade payables mainly at Mobility, Digital Factory, SGRE, Siemens
Healthineers and Process Industries and Drives.

The change in receivables from financing activities of SFS
resulted from growth in SFS' debt business.

Combined Management Report

The cash outflows for other purchases of assets primarily in-
cluded additions of assets eligible as central bank collateral and
to payments related to investments such as debt or equity invest-
ments related to several projects.

The cash inflows from other disposals of assets primarily in-
cluded €1.2 billion from the sale of OSRAM Licht AG shares, dis-
posals of above-mentioned eligible collateral, proceeds from real
estate disposals at SRE, and proceeds from the sale of businesses
or other investments.

The cash inflows from the re-issuance of treasury shares and
other transactions with owners primarily included €4.1 billion
(net of transaction costs) from the public listing of Siemens
Healthineers.


--- Page 24 ---

We report Free cash flow as a supplemental liquidity measure:

Free cash flow

Fiscal year 2018

Continuing Discontinued Continuing and
(in millions of €) operations operations discontinued operations
Cash flows from operating activities 8,415 10 8,425
Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (2,602) - (2,602)
Free cash flow 5,814 10 5,824

With our ability to generate positive operating cash flows, our
total liquidity (defined as cash and cash equivalents as well as
current available-for-sale financial assets) of €12.4 billion, our
€8.3 billion in unused lines of credit, and our credit ratings at
year-end, we believe that we have sufficient flexibility to fund our
capital requirements. Also in our opinion, our operating net
working capital is sufficient for our present requirements.

Investing activities

Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment
from continuing operations totaled €2.6 billion in fiscal 2018.
Within the Industrial Business, ongoing investments related
mainly to technological innovations; extending our capacities for
designing, manufacturing and marketing new solutions; improv-
ing productivity; and replacements of fixed assets. These invest-
ments amounted to €2.0 billion in fiscal 2018. The remaining
portion related mainly to SRE, including significant amounts for
projects such as new office buildings in Germany. SRE is respon-
sible for uniform and comprehensive management of Company
real estate worldwide and supports the Industrial Business and
corporate activities with customer-specific real estate solutions;
excluded are SGRE, the carved-out real estate of Mobility and,
since January 2018, Siemens Healthineers.

With regard to capital expenditures for continuing operations, we
expect a spending increase in fiscal 2019. In the coming years, up
to €0.6 billion are to be invested in “Siemensstadt 2.0", a new
project aiming to transform Siemens’ existing industrial area in
Berlin into a modern, urban district for a diverse range of pur-
poses, including strengthening key technologies. In addition, we
plan to invest significant amounts in coming years in attractive
innovation fields in connection with next47.

Combined Management Report

25


--- Page 25 ---

26

A.7 Overall assessment of the economic position

Fiscal 2018 was a particularly successful year for Siemens. We
made great progress operationally and from a portfolio stand-
point and reached nearly all our “Vision 2020" targets faster than
originally expected. Regarding our financial results, the great
majority of our businesses are doing very well, including several
that are outstanding, particularly with regard to executing our
digitalization strategy. A few of our businesses have to tackle
structural market challenges. For them, measures to improve
competitiveness and adjust capacities are well under way. We
also made progress with our portfolio. We successfully executed
the initial public offering of Siemens Healthineers AG by floating
15% of its shares in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. In the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, the shareholders of Alstom SA ap-
proved the proposal regarding the combination of our mobility
business with Alstom SA. Closing of the transaction is still subject
to approval by antitrust authorities and is expected in the first
half of calendar 2019. Several of our businesses made acquisi-
tions in the area of digitalization, the most important of which
was the acquisition of Mendix, a U.S.-based pioneer and leader
in cloud-native low-code application development, which we
closed early in fiscal 2019. We expect the Mendix acquisition,
among other things, to accelerate the adoption of MindSphere,
our open, cloud-based industrial operating system for the Inter-
net of Things. From a position of strength, we announced "Vision
2020+" during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. With “Vision
2020+,” we intend to accelerate growth and strengthen profit-
ability with a leaner, simpler company structure. United under
the strong Siemens brand, we are giving our businesses signifi-
cantly more entrepreneurial freedom to sharpen the focus on
their respective markets. We are currently implementing the new
organizational structure. We will begin reporting financial results
according to the new company structure beginning with the third
quarter of fiscal 2019.

We were again very successful in executing our financial target
system in fiscal 2018 and achieved strong results for the Siemens
Group, most of our industrial businesses and Financial Services.
We raised our guidance for basic earnings per share (EPS) from
net income after the second quarter and reached all the targets
set for our primary measures for fiscal 2018. We achieved revenue
growth of 2% net of currency translation and portfolio effects.
We delivered basic EPS from net income of €7.12, which included
impacts from severance charges amounting to €0.76. Return on
capital employed (ROCE) was double-digit at 12.7%. Our capital
structure ratio came in at 0.4.

Orders rose 6% year-over-year to €91.3 billion, for a book-to-bill-
ratio of 1.10, thus fulfilling our expectation for a ratio above 1. Six
out of eight of our industrial businesses increased orders year-
over-year, one remained at the prior-year level and only one
reported a decline. We posted double-digit order growth at
Mobility due to a larger volume from major contract wins, and at

Combined Management Report

Digital Factory due to strength in its short-cycle and software
businesses. Order growth at SGRE included new volume from
the merger with Gamesa, while growth at Power and Gas was
burdened by significant negative currency translation effects.
Excluding currency translation and portfolio effects, orders for
Siemens rose 8%.

Revenue came in at €83.0 billion, slightly above the prior-year
level. Strong growth at Digital Factory and Mobility and new
volume from the merger with Gamesa at SGRE were largely offset
by a significant decline at Power and Gas. While the Division
completed the world’s three largest combined cycle power plants
in Egypt in record time in fiscal 2018, it continues to operate in
an adverse market environment. Excluding currency translation
and portfolio effects, revenue grew 2%. For fiscal 2018, we had
forecast modest growth in revenue, net of currency translation
and portfolio effects.

Industrial Business profit was €8.8 billion, down 6% year-over-
year. The majority of our industrial businesses improved profit
year-over-year, with increases led by Digital Factory, SGRE and
Mobility. Digital Factory and Siemens Healthineers made the larg-
est contributions to Industrial Business profit. Profit and profit-
ability at Siemens Healthineers were impacted by substantial
negative currency effects, which to a lesser extent also affected
other Divisions. Overall, the Industrial Business profit was
burdened by sharply higher severance charges year-over-year,
which came in at €0.8 billion. Nearly half of the severance
charges were booked at Power and Gas. Together with challeng-
ing factors related to adverse market conditions, this resulted in
a sharp decline in the Division's profit year-over-year. As planned,
we further increased R&D expenses in our industrial businesses,
with a strong emphasis on digitalization.

The profit margin of our Industrial Business was 10.4%, down
from 11.1% in fiscal 2017. Six out of eight of our industrial busi-
nesses were within or — as in the case of Mobility and Building
Technologies — above their margin ranges. The majority also im-
proved their profit margins year-over-year, with SGRE reaching its
margin range and Process Industries and Drives reducing the gap.
The overall decline in the profit margin for our Industrial Business
was due predominately to Power and Gas, where the profit mar-
gin declined substantially, falling even further below the Divi-
sion’s margin range than in fiscal 2017. Excluding severance
charges, Industrial Business profit margin was 11.3%, clearly in
the range of 11% to 12% we had expected it to reach. With a re-
turn on equity after tax of 20.0%, Financial Services, which is
reported outside our Industrial Business, reached the upper end
of its margin range.

The loss outside the Industrial Business came in substantially
lower year-over-year. Results in fiscal 2018 included a €0.9 billion


--- Page 26 ---

gain related to the transfer of Siemens’ shares in Atos SE to
Siemens Pension-Trust e.V. and a €0.7 billion gain from the sale
of shares in OSRAM Licht AG. These gains were partly offset by
the higher amortization of intangible assets acquired in business
combinations, mainly related to the merger with Gamesa and the
Mentor acquisition.

Net income of €6.1 billion came in at the prior-year level and ba-
sic EPS from net income declined moderately to €7.12. Both fig-
ures were impacted by sharply higher severance charges year-
over-year, which reduced basic EPS from net income by €0.76.
Excluding severance charges, we achieved basic EPS from net
income of €7.88. Thus, we met our raised forecast, which was to
achieve basic EPS from net income excluding severance charges
in the range of €7.70 to €8.00 (up from the range of €7.20 to
€7.70 that we forecast for fiscal 2018 in our Annual Report for
fiscal 2017).

ROCE for fiscal 2018 was 12.7%, down from 13.3% in fiscal 2017.
This decline was due primarily to an increase in average capital
employed, mainly related to the merger with Gamesa and the
acquisition of Mentor. We thus met our forecast, which was to
achieve a double-digit result below the lower end of our long-
term goal of 15% to 20%.

We evaluate our capital structure using the ratio of industrial net
debt to EBITDA. For fiscal 2018, this ratio was 0.4, compared to
0.9 in fiscal 2017. We thus reached our forecast, which was to
achieve a ratio of up to 1.0.

Free cash flow from continuing and discontinued operations for
fiscal 2018 rose 22% to €5.8 billion.

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to share-
holders. The Siemens Managing Board, in agreement with the
Supervisory Board, proposes a dividend of €3.80 per share, up
from €3.70 a year earlier.

Combined Management Report

27


--- Page 27 ---

28

A.8 Report on expected developments
and associated material opportunities and risks

A.8.1 Report on
expected developments

A.8.1.1 WORLDWIDE ECONOMY

In fiscal 2019, the world economy is expected to develop ona
solid growth path with some deceleration compared to fiscal
2018. Global GDP is projected to expand by 3.1% in calendar
2019. Fixed investments are anticipated to grow by 4.0%, after
4.2% in 2018.

The U.S. economy is expected to be a main pillar of global
growth, with GDP expanding 2.8% supported by strong domestic
demand, low unemployment and reduced corporate taxes fol-
lowing the 2017 tax reform. New trade tariffs are expected to
have only small negative effects on GDP growth and inflation.

Effects from new tariffs are projected to be more severe for China,
with its more trade-dependent economy. Significant deceleration
from 6.7% GDP growth in 2018 to 6.1% in 2019 is forecasted,
although the Chinese government began addressing slowing
growth with policy measures before the end of 2018.

GDP in emerging countries in general is expected to increase by
4.4%, after 4.6% in 2018, assuming that problems related to cur-
rency depreciation and U.S. dollar denominated foreign debt will
be contained.

Europe is also expected to expand much more slowly in 2019
than in 2018, with GDP growth 0.5 percentage points lower at
1.6%. In particular, uncertainty regarding Brexit and the new ac-
tions of the Italian government are taking a toll.

All in all, the macroeconomic development in fiscal 2019 might
in large part depend on governmental and political decisions.
Uncertainty from governmental policies already slowed the
acceleration of global growth in the second half of 2018. Quick
resolution of key issues could remove this strain and give eco-
nomic activity a new impulse.

The forecasts presented here for GDP and fixed investments are
based ona report from IHS Markit dated October 15, 2018.

A.8.1.2 SIEMENS GROUP

At the close of fiscal 2018, we are in the process of reorganizing
our operations. Implementation of the new organization is ex-
pected to be completed by the end of the second quarter of fiscal
2019. Therefore, expectations for our industrial businesses and
activities outside industrial business are based on the organiza-
tional structure as of September 30, 2018. We are basing our out-
look for fiscal 2019 for the Siemens Group and its reportable seg-
ments on the above-mentioned expectations and assumptions

Combined Management Report

regarding the overall economic situation as well as the specific
market conditions we expect for our respective industrial busi-
nesses, as described in —> a.3 SEGMENT INFORMATION. Overall, we
assume a continued favorable market environment, particularly
for our short-cycle businesses, with limited risks related to geo-
political uncertainties.

This outlook excludes charges related to legal and regulatory
matters and post-closing results from combining our mobility
business with Alstom SA. We expect the closing in the first half
of calendar 2019.

We are exposed to currency translation effects, mainly involving
the U.S. dollar, the British pound and currencies of emerging mar-
kets, particularly the Chinese yuan. While we expect volatility in
global currency markets to continue in fiscal 2019, we have im-
proved our natural hedge on a global basis through geographic
distribution of our production facilities in the past. Nevertheless,
Siemens is still a net exporter from the Eurozone to the rest of the
world, so a weak euro is principally favorable for our business and
a strong euro is principally unfavorable. In addition to the natural
hedging strategy just mentioned, we also hedge currency risk in
our export business using derivative financial instruments. We ex-
pect these steps to help us limit effects on income related to cur-
rency in fiscal 2019. Based on currency exchange rates as of the
beginning of November 2018, we nevertheless expect continued
negative currency translation effects, particularly resulting from
currencies of emerging countries such as China, India, Turkey and
Argentina. We anticipate limited currency-related impacts on the
profit margin for our Industrial Business in fiscal 2019.

Based on these assumptions and exclusions, our outlook is as
follows:

Revenue growth

For fiscal 2019 we expect moderate growth in revenue, net of
effects from currency translation and portfolio effects. In fiscal
2018, most of our industrial businesses contributed to organic
revenue growth, and we expect a similar development in fiscal
2019. A principal exception is Power and Gas, which continues to
operate in challenging markets.

As of September 30, 2018, our order backlog totaled €132 billion,
and we expect conversion from the backlog to strongly support
revenue growth in fiscal 2019. From Siemens’ backlog, we expect
to convert approximately €47 billion of past orders into current
revenue in fiscal 2019. For conversion of order backlog to revenue
for our respective segments, see —> A.3 SEGMENT INFORMATION.

We anticipate that orders in fiscal 2019 will exceed revenue for a
book-to-bill ratio above 1.


--- Page 28 ---

Profitability

For fiscal 2019, we expect net income to result in basic EPS from
net income in the range of €6.30 to €7.00, excluding severance
charges. Net income and basic EPS from net income for fiscal
2018 were €6.1 billion and €7.12, respectively. In fiscal 2018, net
income included €0.9 billion in severance charges (pre-tax), bur-
dening basic EPS from net income by €0.76 per share. Further-
more, net income in fiscal 2018 included €1.6 billion (pre-tax) in
portfolio gains related to our stakes in Atos SE and OSRAM
Licht AG, resulting in €1.87 per share of basic EPS from net in-
come. The public listing of a minority stake in Siemens Healthi-
neers in fiscal 2018 resulted in a larger share of non-controlling
interests, which reduces the share of net income attributable to
Siemens AG's shareholders and corresponding EPS.

Our forecast for net income and corresponding basic EPS takes
into account a number of additional factors. We expect the solid
project execution of the past three years to continue in fiscal
2019, and we plan to again increase R&D expenses year-over-
year to strengthen our capacity for innovation. We expect wage
inflation to be around 3% to 4%. Furthermore, we anticipate
pricing pressure on our offerings of around 2% to 3% overall,
primarily driven by our power generation businesses, while prices
in our short-cycle businesses are expected to remain stable.

For fiscal 2019, taking into account the above-mentioned as-
sumptions and exclusions, we expect nearly all of our industrial
businesses to be in or above their current ranges for profit margin
as defined in our financial performance system (see —> A.2 FINAN-
CIAL PERFORMANCE SYSTEM). An exception is Power and Gas. Over-
all, we expect a profit margin for our Industrial Business of 11.0%
to 12.0%, excluding severance charges. Profit margin for our In-
dustrial Business excluding severance charges in fiscal 2018 was
11.3%. We expect Financial Services, which is reported outside
Industrial Business, to achieve a return on equity (ROE) (after tax)
within its margin range in fiscal 2019 and to again make a strong
profit contribution.

Within our Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements,
we expect expenses for Corporate items and centrally carried
pension expenses to be approximately €1.0 billion in fiscal 2019,
with costs in the second half-year higher than in the first half. We
expect results related to CMPA to be negative and to be volatile
from quarter to quarter during the fiscal year. For comparison,
CMPA delivered a profit of €1.2 billion in fiscal 2018, benefiting
from the above-mentioned €1.6 billion in portfolio gains related
to our stakes in Atos SE and OSRAM Licht AG. We do not expect
CMPA to benefit from material divestment gains in fiscal 2019.
We anticipate that SRE will continue with real estate disposals
depending on market conditions. Amortization of intangible as-
sets acquired in business combinations, which was €1.2 billion in

fiscal 2018, and Eliminations, Corporate Treasury and other rec-
onciling items, which were a negative €0.3 billion in fiscal 2018,
are expected to stay close to these results in fiscal 2019.

We do not expect material influence on financial results from
discontinued operations in fiscal 2019. We anticipate our tax rate
for fiscal 2019 to be in the range of 25% to 31%, compared to 26%
in fiscal 2018.

Capital efficiency

Our long-term goal is to achieve a return on capital employed
(ROCE) in the range of 15% to 20%. Due mainly to factors cur-
rently influencing net income and average capital employed,
particularly the acquisitions of Mentor and Mendix and the
merger with Gamesa among other factors, we expect ROCE to
continue to show a double-digit result in fiscal 2019 but to come
in below our target range.

Capital structure

We aim in general for a capital structure, defined as the ratio of
industrial net debt to EBITDA, of up to 1.0, and expect to achieve
this in fiscal 2019.

A.8.1.3 OVERALL ASSESSMENT

We expect a continued favorable market environment, particu-
larly for our short-cycle businesses, with limited risks related to
geopolitical uncertainties. For fiscal 2019, we expect moderate
growth in revenue, net of currency translation and portfolio ef-
fects. We further anticipate that orders will exceed revenue for a
book-to-bill ratio above 1. We expect a profit margin of 11.0% to
12.0% for our Industrial Business based on our current organiza-
tional structure, excluding severance charges. Furthermore we
expect basic EPS from net income in the range of €6.30 to €7.00
also excluding severance charges. Fiscal 2018 basic EPS from net
income of €7.12 benefited from €1.87 per share in portfolio gains
related to our stakes in Atos SE and OSRAM Licht AG and was
burdened by €0.76 from severance charges, resulting in €6.01
excluding these factors.

This outlook excludes charges related to legal and regulatory
matters and post-closing results from combining our mobility
business with Alstom SA, which we expect to close in the first
half of calendar 2019.

Overall, the actual development for Siemens and its Segments
may vary, positively or negatively, from our outlook due to the
risks and opportunities described below or if our expectations
and assumptions do not materialize.

Combined Management Report

29


--- Page 29 ---

30

A.8.2 Risk management

A.8.2.1 BASIC PRINCIPLES OF RISK MANAGEMENT
Our risk management policy stems from a philosophy of pursuing
sustainable growth and creating economic value while managing
appropriate risks and opportunities and avoiding inappropriate
risks. As risk management is an integral part of how we plan and
execute our business strategies, our risk management policy is
set by the Managing Board. Our organizational and accountabil-
ity structure requires each of the respective managements of our
Industrial Business, Financial Services (SFS), regions and Corpo-
rate Units to implement risk management programs that are tai-
lored to their specific industries and responsibilities, while being
consistent with the overall policy. Our Strategic Units Siemens
Healthineers and SGRE are also subject to our group-wide princi-
ples for risk management and are individually responsible for
adhering to those principles.

A.8.2.2 ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS
We have implemented and coordinated a set of risk management
and control systems which support us in the early recognition of
developments that could jeopardize the continuity of our busi-
ness. The most important of these systems include our enter-
prise-wide processes for strategic planning and management
reporting. Strategic planning is intended to support us in consid-
ering potential risks well in advance of major business decisions,
while management reporting is intended to enable us to monitor
such risks more closely as our business progresses. Our internal
auditors regularly review the adequacy and effectiveness of our
risk management system. Accordingly, if deficits are detected, it
is possible to adopt appropriate measures for their elimination.
This coordination of processes and procedures is intended to help
ensure that the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board are
fully informed about significant risks in a timely manner.

Risk management at Siemens builds on a comprehensive, inter-
active and management-oriented Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) approach that is integrated into the organization and that
addresses both risks and opportunities. Our ERM approach is
based on the globally accepted COSO (Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission) “Enterprise Risk
Management - Integrated Framework” (2004) and is adapted to
Siemens requirements. It additionally conforms to ISO (Interna-
tional Organization for Standardization) Standard 31000. The
frameworks connect the ERM process with our financial reporting
process and our internal control system. They consider a compa-
ny’s strategy, the efficiency and effectiveness of its business op-
erations, the reliability of its financial reporting and compliance
with relevant laws and regulations to be equally important.

Our ERM process aims for early identification and evaluation of,
and response regarding, risks and opportunities that could mate-

Combined Management Report

rially affect the achievement of our strategic, operational, finan-
cial and compliance objectives. The time horizon is typically three
years, and we take a net risk approach, addressing risks and op-
portunities remaining after the execution of existing control
measures. If risks have already been considered in plans, bud-
gets, forecasts or the financial statements (e.g. as a provision or
risk contingency), they are supposed to be incorporated with
their financial impact in the entity’s business objectives. As a con-
sequence, only additional risks arising from the same subject
(e.g. deviations from business objectives, different impact per-
spectives) should be considered. In order to provide a compre-
hensive view of our business activities, risks and opportunities
are identified in a structured way combining elements of both
top-down and bottom-up approaches. Reporting generally fol-
lows a quarterly cycle; we complement this periodic reporting
with an ad-hoc reporting process that aims to escalate critical
issues in a timely manner. Relevant risks and opportunities are
prioritized in terms of impact and likelihood, considering differ-
ent perspectives, including business objectives, reputation and
regulatory matters. The bottom-up identification and prioritiza-
tion process is supplemented by workshops with the respective
managements of the Industrial Business, SFS, regions and Corpo-
rate Units. This top-down element ensures that potential new
risks and opportunities are discussed at the management level
and are included in the subsequent reporting process, if found to
be relevant. Reported risks and opportunities are analyzed re-
garding potential cumulative effects and are aggregated within
and for each of the organizations mentioned above.

Responsibilities are assigned for all relevant risks and opportuni-
ties, with the hierarchical level of responsibility depending on the
significance of the respective risk or opportunity. In a first step,
assuming responsibility for a specific risk or opportunity involves
choosing one of our general response strategies. Our general re-
sponse strategies with respect to risks are avoidance, transfer,
reduction or acceptance of the relevant risk. Our general response
strategy with respect to opportunities is to “seize” the relevant
opportunity. In a second step, responsibility for a risk or opportu-
nity also involves the development, initiation and monitoring of
appropriate response measures corresponding to the chosen re-
sponse strategy. These response measures have to be specifically
tailored to allow for effective risk management. Accordingly, we
have developed a variety of response measures with different
characteristics. For example, we mitigate the risk of fluctuations
in currency and interest rates by engaging in hedging activities.
Regarding our long-term projects, systematic and comprehensive
project management with standardized project milestones, in-
cluding provisional acceptances during project execution and
complemented by clearly defined approval processes, assists us
in identifying and responding to project risks at an early stage,
even before the bidding phase. Furthermore, we maintain appro-
priate insurance levels for potential cases of damage and liability


--- Page 30 ---

risks in order to reduce our exposure to such risks and to avoid or
minimize potential losses. Among others, we address the risk of
fluctuation in economic activity and customer demand by closely
monitoring macroeconomic conditions and developments in rel-
evant industries, and by adjusting capacity and implementing
cost-reduction measures in a timely and consistent manner if
they are deemed necessary.

A.8.2.3 RISK MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION

AND RESPONSIBILITIES

To oversee the ERM process and to further drive the integration
and harmonization of existing control activities to align with le-
gal and operational requirements, the Managing Board estab-
lished a Risk Management and Internal Control Organization,
headed by the Chief Risk &lnternal Control Officer. In order to
allow for a meaningful discussion of risk at the Siemens group
level, this organization aggregates individual risks and opportu-
nities of similar cause-and-effect nature into broader risk and
opportunity themes. This aggregation naturally results in a mix-
ture of risks, including those with a primarily qualitative assess-
ment and those with a primarily quantitative risk assessment.
Accordingly, we do not adopt a purely quantitative assessment of
risk themes. Thematic risk and opportunity assessments then
form the basis for the evaluation of the company-wide risk and
opportunity situation. The Chief Risk &Internal Control Officer
reports quarterly to the Managing Board on matters relating to
the implementation, operation and oversight of the risk and in-
ternal control system and assists the Managing Board, for exam-
ple in reporting to the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board.

A.8.3 Risks

Below we describe the risks that could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition (including effects on
assets, liabilities and cash flows), results of operations and repu-
tation. The order in which the risks are presented in each of the
four categories reflects the currently estimated relative exposure
for Siemens associated with these risks and thus provides an in-
dication of the risks’ current importance to us. Additional risks
not known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may
also negatively impact our business objectives and operations.
Unless otherwise stated, the risks described below relate to all of
our segments.

A.8.3.1 STRATEGIC RISKS

Competitive environment: The worldwide markets for our
products, solutions and services are highly competitive in terms
of pricing, product and service quality, product development and
introduction time, customer service, financing terms and shifts
in market demands. We face strong established competitors and
also rising competitors from emerging markets and new indus-

tries, which may have a better cost structure. Some industries
in which we operate are undergoing consolidation, which may
result in stronger competition, a change in our relative market
position, increase in inventory of finished or work-in-progress
goods or unexpected price erosion. Furthermore, there is a risk
that critical suppliers are taken over by competitors and a risk that
competitors are increasingly offering services for our installed
base. We address these risks with various measures, for example
benchmarking, strategic initiatives, sales push initiatives, execut-
ing productivity measures and target cost projects, rightsizing of
our footprint, outsourcings, mergers and joint ventures, export-
ing from low-cost countries to price-sensitive markets, and opti-
mizing our product portfolio. We continuously monitor and ana-
lyze competitive, market and industry information in order to be
able to anticipate unfavorable changes in the competitive envi-
ronment rather than merely reacting to such changes.

Economic, political and geopolitical conditions (macroeco-
nomic environment): We see increasing uncertainty regarding
the global economic outlook. The key risk for the global economic
cycle is a further escalation of the U.S.-Chinese trade conflict to
a full-fledged global trade war, with a significant deterioration of
global growth. Adverse effects on confidence and investment
activity would severely hit Siemens business. Increasing trade
barriers would negatively impact production costs and productiv-
ity along the value chain. The risk of a “No-Deal” Brexit could
heighten business and consumer uncertainty, particularly in the
European Union (EU) and the U.K., reduce investment activity,
and pose risks to financial markets. A further and massive loss of
economic confidence and a prolonged period of reluctance in
investment decisions and awarding of new orders would nega-
tively impact our businesses. We have established a task force
continuously monitoring the exit process and coordinating our
local and global mitigation measures. Heightened political risk
within the EU, in particular fiscal stability in Italy, further indepen-
dence debates or sustained success of protectionist, anti EU and
anti-business parties and policies may reignite the euro crisis or
even increase uncertainty about the future of the EU in general.
The tightening of monetary policy by the U.S. Federal Reserve
triggered depreciation of several emerging market currencies
(e.g. of the Argentine peso and Turkish lira) and raised fears of a
renewed emerging market crises, as debt levels of emerging
market enterprises have risen making them dependent on favor-
able global financial conditions to service debts denominated in
foreign currencies. A further escalation could severely weigh on
asset prices, foreign exchange markets and potential hyperinfla-
tion. Emerging market operations involve further various risks,
including civil unrest, health concerns, cultural differences such
as employment and business practices, volatility in gross domes-
tic product, economic and governmental instability, the potential
for nationalization of private assets and the imposition of
exchange controls. Additional business risk results from an abrupt

Combined Management Report

31


--- Page 31 ---

32

weakening of Chinese economic growth. A terrorist mega-attack
ora significant cybercrime incident, or a series of such attacks or
incidents in major economies, could depress economic activity
globally and undermine consumer and business confidence. Fur-
ther risks stem from geopolitical tensions, political upheavals,
and from an increasing vulnerability of the connected global
economy to natural disasters. In addition, we are depending on
the economic momentum of specific industries, especially on
continued confidence in the automotive sector.

In general, due to the significant proportion of long-cycle busi-
nesses in our Industrial Business and the importance of long-
term contracts for Siemens, there is usually a time lag between
changes in macroeconomic conditions and their impact on our
financial results. In contrast, short-cycle business activities of the
Digital Factory Division and parts of Process Industries and Drives,
Building Technologies and Energy Management Divisions react
quickly to volatility in market demand. If the moderate growth of
certain markets (e.g. oil &gas) stalls again and if we are not suc-
cessful in adapting our production and cost structure to subse-
quent changes in conditions in the markets in which we operate,
there can be no assurance that we will not experience adverse
effects. For example, our customers may modify, delay or cancel
plans to purchase our products, solutions and services, or fail to
follow through on purchases or contracts already executed. Fur-
thermore, the prices for our products, solutions and services may
decline, to a greater extent than we currently anticipate. In addi-
tion, it may become more difficult for our customers to obtain
financing. Contracted payment terms, especially regarding the
level of advance payments by our customers relating to long-
term projects, may become less favorable, which could nega-
tively impact our financial condition. Siemens’ global setup with
operations in almost all relevant economies, our wide range of
offerings with varied exposures to business cycles, and our bal-
anced mix of business models (e.g. equipment, components,
systems, software, services and solutions) help us to absorb im-
pacts from adverse developments in any single market.

Restructuring: We see risks that we may not be flexible enough
in adjusting our organizational and manufacturing footprint in
order to quickly respond to changing markets. The necessary re-
structuring might not be executed to the extent or in the time-
frame planned (e.g. due to local co-determination regulations),
limiting our improvements of our cost position with negative
profit impacts and the loss of key personnel. Strikes and disputes
with unions and workers councils might result in negative media
coverage and delivery problems. Additionally, public criticism
related to restructuring might negatively impact Siemens’ repu-
tation. We mitigate these risks by closely monitoring the imple-
mentation of the planned measures, maintain strict cost man-
agement, and conduct ongoing discussions with all concerned
interest groups.

Combined Management Report

Company transformation: There are risks in substantially
changing company structures, policies or management in the
interest of enhancing our speed, agility or company culture.
These risks include increased costs, missed financial or perfor-
mance targets, loss of key personnel, loss of (cost) synergies, and
reduced investor confidence. We have set up a team within Vi-
sion 2020+ which closely monitors the transformation program.

Disruptive technologies: The markets in which our businesses
operate experience rapid and significant changes due to the in-
troduction of innovative and disruptive technologies. In the fields
of digitalization (e.g. loT, web of systems, cloud computing, In-
dustry 4.0), there are risks associated with new competitors, sub-
stitutions of existing products/solutions/services, new business
models (e.g. in terms of pricing, financing, extended scopes for
project business or subscription models in the software business)
and finally the risk that our competitors may have more advanced
time-to-market strategies and introduce their disruptive products
and solutions faster than Siemens. Our operating results depend
to a significant extent on our technological leadership, our ability
to anticipate and adapt to changes in our markets and to optimize
our cost base accordingly. Introducing new products and technol-
ogies requires a significant commitment to research and devel-
opment, which in return requires expenditure of considerable
financial resources that may not always result in success. Our
results of operations may suffer if we invest in technologies that
do not operate or may not be integrated as expected, or that are
not accepted in the marketplace as anticipated, or if our prod-
ucts, solutions or systems are not introduced to the market in a
timely manner, particularly compared to our competitors, or even
become obsolete. We constantly apply for new patents and ac-
tively manage our intellectual property portfolio to secure our
technological position. However, our patents and other intellec-
tual property may not prevent competitors from independently
developing or selling products and services that are similar to or
duplicates of ours.

Portfolio measures, at-equity investments, other invest-
ments and strategic alliances: Our strategy includes divesting
our activities in some business areas and strengthening others
through portfolio measures, including mergers and acquisitions.
With respect to divestments, we may not be able to divest some
of our activities as planned, and the divestitures we do carry out
could have a negative impact on our business, financial condi-
tion, results of operations and reputation. Mergers and acquisi-
tions are inherently risky because of difficulties that may arise
when integrating people, operations, technologies and products.
There can be no assurance that any of the businesses we acquire
can be integrated successfully and in a timely manner as origi-
nally planned, or that they will perform as anticipated once inte-
grated. In addition, we may incur significant acquisition, admin-
istrative, tax and other expenditures in connection with these


--- Page 32 ---

transactions, including costs related to integration of acquired
businesses. Furthermore, portfolio measures may result in addi-
tional financing needs and adversely affect our capital structure.
Acquisitions can lead to substantial additions to intangible as-
sets, including goodwill, in our statements of financial position.
If we were to encounter continuing adverse business develop-
ments or if we were otherwise to perform worse than expected
at acquisition activities, then these intangible assets, including
goodwill, might have to be impaired, which could adversely af-
fect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our investment portfolio consists of investments held for pur-
poses other than trading. Furthermore, we hold other invest-
ments. Any factors negatively influencing the financial condition
and results of operations of our at-equity investments and other
investments could have an adverse effect on our equity pick-up
related to these investments, or may result in a related write-off.
In addition, our business, financial condition and results of oper-
ations could also be adversely affected in connection with loans,
guarantees or non-compliance with financial covenants related
to these at-equity investments and other investments. Further-
more, such investments are inherently risky as we may not be
able to sufficiently influence corporate governance processes or
business decisions taken by our equity investments, other invest-
ments and strategic alliances that may have a negative effect on
our business. In addition, joint ventures bear the risk of difficul-
ties that may arise when integrating people, operations, technol-
ogies and products. Strategic alliances may also pose risks for us
because we compete in some business areas with companies
with which we have strategic alliances. Besides other measures,
we handle these risks with standardized processes as well as ded-
icated roles and responsibilities in the areas of mergers, acquisi-
tions, divestments and carve outs. This includes the systematic
processing of all contractual obligations, post-closing claims and
centrally managed portfolio activities.

A.8.3.2 OPERATIONAL RISKS

Cyber/Information security: Digital technologies are a deeply
integrated part of our business portfolio. We observe a global
increase of IT security threats and higher levels of professional-
ism in computer crime, which pose a risk to the security of prod-
ucts, systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability
and integrity of data. There can be no assurance that the mea-
sures aimed at protecting our Intellectual Property (IP) and port-
folio will address these threats under all circumstances. There is
a risk that confidential information may get stolen or that the
integrity of our portfolio may be compromised, e.g. by attacks
into our networks, social engineering, data manipulations in crit-
ical applications and a loss of critical resources, resulting in finan-
cial damages. IT security covers our whole enterprise IT including
office IT, systems and applications, special purpose networks and
our operational environment such as manufacturing and re-
search and development (R&D). Like other large multinational

companies we are facing active cyber threats from sophisticated
adversaries that are supported by organized crime and na-
tion-states engaged in economic espionage or even sabotage.
We attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of
measures, including employee training, comprehensive monitor-
ing of our networks and systems through Cyber Security Opera-
tion Centers, and maintenance of backup and protective systems
such as firewalls and virus scanners. We initiated the industrial
“Charter of Trust,” signed by a growing group of global compa-
nies, which sets out principles for building trust in digital technol-
ogies and creating a more secure digital world. Nonetheless our
systems, products, solutions and services, as well as those of our
service providers, remain potentially vulnerable to attacks. Such
attacks could potentially lead to the publication, manipulation or
leakage of information such as through industrial espionage, im-
proper use of our systems, defective products, production down-
times and supply shortages, with potential adverse effects on our
reputation, our competitiveness and results of operations.

Operational failures and quality problems in our value
chain processes: Our value chain comprises all steps in the
product life-cycle, from research and development to supply
chain management, production, marketing, sales and services.
Operational failures in our value chain processes could result in
quality problems or potential product, labor safety, regulatory or
environmental risks. Such risks are particularly present in our In-
dustrial Business in relation to our production and manufacturing
facilities, which are located all over the world and have a high
degree of organizational and technological complexity. From
time to time, some of the products we sell might have quality
issues resulting from the design or manufacture of these prod-
ucts or the commissioning of these products or the software in-
tegrated into them. In addition, we may not be able to fully meet
regulatory requirements. Our Siemens Healthineers Strategic
Unit, for example, is subject to regulatory authorities including
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the European Com-
mission's Health and Consumer Policy Department, which require
specific efforts to safeguard product safety. If any of our busi-
nesses or Strategic Units are not able to comply with regulatory
requirements, our business and reputation may be adversely
affected. We have established multiple measures for quality
improvement and claim prevention. The increased use of quality
management tools is improving visibility and enables us to
strengthen our root cause and prevention processes.

Cost overruns or adi nal payment obligations related to
the management of our long-term, fixed-price or turnkey
and service projects: Anumber of our segments conduct activ-
ities, especially large projects, under long-term contracts that are
awarded on a competitive bidding basis. Such contracts typically
arise in Power and Gas, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy,
Mobility, and in various activities of Energy Management and

Combined Management Report

33


--- Page 33 ---

34

Process Industries and Drives. Some of these contracts are inher-
ently risky because we may assume substantially all of the risks
associated with completing a project and meeting post-comple-
tion warranty obligations. For example, we may face the risk that
we must satisfy technical requirements of a project even though
we have not gained experience with those requirements before
winning the project. The profit margins realized on fixed-priced
contracts may vary from original estimates as a result of changes
in costs and productivity over the contract's term. We sometimes
bear the risk of unanticipated project modifications, shortage of
key personnel, quality problems, financial difficulties of our cus-
tomers and/or significant partners, cost overruns or contractual
penalties caused by unexpected technological problems, unfore-
seen developments at the project sites, unforeseen changes or
difficulties in the regulatory or political environment, perfor-
mance problems with our suppliers, subcontractors and consor-
tium partners or other logistical difficulties. Some of our multi-
year contracts also contain demanding installation and
maintenance requirements in addition to other performance
criteria relating to timing, unit cost and compliance with govern-
ment regulations, which, if not satisfied, could subject us to sub-
stantial contractual penalties, damages, non-payment and con-
tract termination. There can be no assurance that contracts and
projects, in particular those with long-term duration and fixed-
price calculation, can be completed profitably. To tackle those
risks we implemented a global project management organization
to systematically improve the capabilities of our project manage-
ment personnel. For very complex projects we conduct dedicated
risk assessments in very early stages of the sales phase before we
decide to hand over a binding offer to our customer.

Operational optimization and cost reduction initiatives:
We are in a continuous process of operational optimization and
constantly engage in cost-reduction initiatives, including ongo-
ing capacity adjustment measures and structural initiatives. Con-
solidation of business activities and manufacturing facilities,
outsourcings/carve-outs, joint ventures and the streamlining of
product portfolios are all part of these cost-reduction efforts.
These measures may not be implemented as planned, may turn
out to be less effective than anticipated, may become effective
later than estimated or may not become effective at all. Any fu-
ture contribution of these measures to our profitability will be
influenced by the actual savings achieved and by our ability to
sustain them. In case of restructuring and outsourcing activities,
there could be delays in product deliveries or we might even ex-
perience delivery failures. Furthermore, delays in critical R&D
projects could lead to negative impacts in running projects. We
constantly control and monitor the progress of these projects and
initiatives using standardized controlling and milestone tracking
approaches.

Combined Management Report

Interruption of the supply chain: The financial performance of
our Industrial Business depends on reliable and effective supply
chain management for components, sub-assemblies and materi-
als. Capacity constraints and supply shortages resulting from
ineffective supply chain management may lead to production
bottlenecks, delivery delays and additional costs. We also rely on
third parties to supply us with parts, components and services.
Using third parties to manufacture, assemble and test our prod-
ucts reduces our control over manufacturing yields, quality assur-
ance, product delivery schedules and costs. Although we work
closely with our suppliers to avoid supply-related problems, there
can be no assurance that we will not encounter supply problems
in the future, especially if we use single-source suppliers for crit-
ical components. Shortages and delays could materially harm our
business. Unanticipated increases in the price of components or
raw materials due to market shortages or other reasons could
also adversely affect performance. Furthermore, we may be ex-
posed to the risk of delays and interruptions in the supply chain
as a consequence of catastrophic events or suppliers’ financial
difficulties, particularly if we are unable to identify alternative
sources of supply or means of transportation in a timely manner
or at all. Besides other measures, we mitigate price fluctuation in
global raw material markets with various hedging instruments.

Shortage of skilled personnel: Competition for highly qualified
personnel (e.g. specialists, experts, digital talent) remains intense
in the industries and regions in which our businesses operate. We
have ongoing demand for highly skilled employees. Our future
success depends in part on our continued ability to identify, as-
sess, hire, integrate, develop and retain engineers, digital talent
and other qualified personnel. We address this risk for example
with structured succession planning, employer branding, reten-
tion and career management. Furthermore, we are strengthening
the capabilities and skills of our talent-acquisition teams and have
defined a strategy of proactive search for people with the required
skills in our respective industries and markets. Technology and
digitalization helps us to be more effective in attracting and se-
lecting talent as well as improving the efficiency of our processes.

A.8.3.3 FINANCIAL RISKS

Market price risks: We are exposed to fluctuations in exchange
rates, especially between the U.S. dollar and the euro, because a
high percentage of our business volume is conducted as exports
from Europe to areas using the U.S. dollar. In addition, we are ex-
posed to effects involving the currencies of emerging markets, in
particular the Chinese yuan. A strengthening of the euro may change
our competitive position. We are also exposed to fluctuations in in-
terest rates. Negative developments in the financial markets and
changes in central bank policies may negatively impact our results.
Depending on the development of foreign currency exchange and
interest rates, hedging activities could have significant effects on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.


--- Page 34 ---

Liquidity and financing risks: Our treasury and financing ac-
tivities could face adverse deposit and/or financing conditions
from negative developments related to financial markets, such
as (1) limited availability of funds (particularly U.S. dollar funds)
and hedging instruments; (2) an updated evaluation of our
solvency, particularly from rating agencies; (3) negative interest
rates; and (4) impacts arising from more restrictive regulation of
the financial sector, central bank policy, or financial instruments.
Widening credit spreads due to uncertainty and risk aversion
in the financial markets might lead to adverse changes in the
market values of our financial assets, in particular our derivative
financial instruments.

Credit Risks: We provide our customers with various forms of
direct and indirect financing of orders and projects. SFS in partic-
ular bears credit risks due to such financing activities.

Risks from pension obligations: The funded status of our pen-
sion plans may be affected by change in actuarial assumptions,
including the discount rate, as well as movements in financial
markets or a change in the mix of assets in our investment port-
folio. A significant increase in the underfunding may have a neg-
ative effect on our capital structure and rating, and thus may
tighten refinancing options and increase costs. In order to com-
ply with local pension regulations in selected foreign countries,
we may face a risk of increasing cash outflows to reduce under-
funding of our pension plans in these countries.

For further information on post-employment benefits, derivative
financial instruments, hedging activities, financial risk manage-
ment and related measures, see —> NOTES 17,24 and 25 in B.6 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Audits by tax authorities and changes in tax regulations:
We operate in nearly all countries of the world and therefore are
subject to many different tax regulations. Changes in tax laws in
any of these jurisdictions could result in higher tax expense and
payments. Furthermore, legislative changes could impact our
tax receivables and liabilities as well as deferred tax assets and
deferred tax liabilities. In addition, the uncertain legal environ-
ment in some regions could limit our ability to enforce our
rights. As a globally operating organization, we conduct busi-
ness in countries subject to complex tax rules, which may be
interpreted in different ways. Future interpretations or develop-
ments of tax regimes may affect our business, financial condi-
tion and results of operations. We are regularly audited by tax
authorities in various jurisdictions and we continuously identify
and assess resulting risks.

A.8.3.4 COMPLIANCE RISKS

Changes of regulations, laws and policies: As a diversified
company with global businesses we are exposed to various prod-
uct- and country-related regulations, laws and policies influenc-
ing our business activities and processes. We monitor the political
and regulatory landscape in all our key markets to anticipate po-
tential problem areas, with the aim of quickly adjusting our busi-
ness activities and processes to changed conditions. However,
any changes of regulations, laws and policies can adversely affect
our business activities and processes as well as our financial con-
dition and results of operations.

Regulatory risks and potential sanctions: As a globally oper-
ating organization, we conduct business with customers in coun-
tries which are subject to export control regulations, embargoes,
economic sanctions or other forms of trade restrictions (hereaf-
ter referred to as “sanctions”) imposed by the U.S., the EU or
other countries or organizations. New or expanded sanctions in
countries in which we do business may result in a curtailment of
our existing business in such countries or indirectly in other
countries. We are also aware of initiatives by institutional inves-
tors, such as pension funds or insurance companies, to adopt or
consider adopting policies prohibiting investment in and transac-
tions with or requiring divestment of interests in entities doing
business with countries identified as state sponsors of terrorism
by the U.S. Department of State. It is possible that such initiatives
may result in us being unable to gain or retain investors, custom-
ers or suppliers. In addition, the termination of our activities in
sanctioned countries may expose us to customer claims and
other actions. Our reputation could also suffer due to our activi-
ties with counterparties in or affiliated with these countries.

Current and future investigations regarding allegations of
corruption, of antitrust violations and of other violations of
law: Proceedings against us or our business partners regarding
allegations of corruption, of antitrust violations and of other vio-
lations of law may lead to fines as well as penalties, sanctions,
injunctions against future conduct, profit disgorgements, dis-
qualifications from directly and indirectly engaging in certain
types of business, the loss of business licenses or permits, other
restrictions and legal consequences as well as negative public
media coverage. Accordingly, we may, among other things, be
required to comply with potential obligations and liabilities aris-
ing in connection with such investigations and proceedings, in-
cluding potential tax penalties. Moreover, any findings related to
public corruption that are not covered by the 2008 and 2009 cor-
ruption charge settlements, which we concluded with American
and German authorities, may endanger our business with gov-
ernment agencies and intergovernmental and supranational or-
ganizations. Monitors could again be appointed to review future
business practices and we may otherwise be required to further
modify our business practices and our compliance program.

Combined Management Report

35


--- Page 35 ---

36

A considerable part of our business activities involve govern-
ments and companies with public shareholders. We also partici-
pate in a number of projects funded by government agencies and
intergovernmental and supranational organizations, such as mul-
tilateral development banks. Ongoing or potential future investi-
gations into allegations of corruption, antitrust violations or
other violations of law could as well impair relationships with
such business partners or could result in our exclusion from pub-
lic contracts. Such investigations may also adversely affect exist-
ing private business relationships and our ability to pursue poten-
tially important strategic projects and transactions, such as
strategic alliances, joint ventures or other business alliances, or
could result in the cancellation of certain of our existing con-
tracts. Moreover, third parties, including our competitors, could
initiate significant litigation.

In addition, future developments in ongoing and potential future
investigations, such as responding to the requests of governmen-
tal authorities and cooperating with them, could divert manage-
ment's attention and resources from other issues facing our busi-
ness. Furthermore, we might be exposed to compliance risks in
connection with recently acquired operations that are in the
ongoing process of integration.

Besides other measures, Siemens established a global compli-
ance organization that conducts among others compliance risk
mitigation processes such as Compliance Risk Assessments or
internal audit activities.

Protectionism (including localization): Protectionist trade pol-
icies and changes in the political and regulatory environment in
the markets in which we operate, such as import and export con-
trols, tariffs and other trade barriers including debarment from
certain markets and price or exchange controls, could affect our
business in national markets and could impact our business situa-
tion, financial position and results of operations; and may expose
us to penalties, other sanctions and reputational damage. In addi-
tion, the uncertainty of the legal environment in some regions
could limit our ability to enforce our rights and subject us to in-
creasing costs related to appropriate compliance programs.

Environmental, health &safety and other governmental
regulations: Some of the industries in which we operate are
highly regulated. Current and future environmental, health &safety
and other governmental regulations or changes thereto may re-
quire us to change the way we run our operations and could re-
sult in significant increases in our operating or production costs.
Furthermore, we see the risk of potential environmental and
health &safety incidents as well as potential non-compliance
with environmental and health &safety regulations affecting
Siemens and our contractors or sub-suppliers, resulting for exam-

Combined Management Report

ple in serious injuries, penalties, loss of reputation and internal
or external investigations.

In addition, while we have procedures in place to ensure compli-
ance with applicable governmental regulations in the conduct of
our business operations, it cannot be excluded that violations of
applicable governmental regulations may be caused either by us
or by third parties that we contract with, including suppliers or
service providers whose activities may be attributed to us. Any
such violations particularly expose us to the risk of liability,
penalties, fines, reputational damage or loss of licenses or per-
mits that are important to our business operations. In particular,
we could also face liability for damage or remediation for envi-
ronmental contamination at the facilities we design or operate.
With regard to certain environmental risks, we maintain liability
insurance at levels that our management believes are appropriate
and consistent with industry practice. We may incur environmen-
tal losses beyond the limits, or outside the coverage, of such in-
surance, and such losses may have an adverse effect on our busi-
ness situation, financial condition and results of operations.

Current or future litigation: Siemens is and potentially will be
involved in numerous legal disputes and proceedings in various
jurisdictions. These legal disputes and proceedings could result,
in particular, in Siemens being subject to payment of damages
and punitive damages, equitable remedies or sanctions, fines or
disgorgement of profit. In individual cases this may also lead to
formal or informal exclusion from tenders or the revocation or
loss of business licenses or permits. Asserted claims are generally
subject to interest rates.

Some of these legal disputes and proceedings could result in ad-
verse decisions for Siemens that may have material effects on our
financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Siemens maintains liability insurance for certain legal risks at lev-
els our management believes are appropriate and consistent with
industry practice. The insurance policy, however, does not pro-
tect Siemens against reputational damage. Moreover, Siemens
may incur losses relating to legal proceedings beyond the limits,
or outside the coverage, of such insurance or exceeding any pro-
visions made for losses related to legal proceedings. Finally, there
can be no assurance that Siemens will be able to maintain ade-
quate insurance coverage on commercially reasonable terms in
the future.

For additional information with respect to specific proceedings,
see > NOTE 22 iN B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.


--- Page 36 ---

A.8.3.5 ASSESSMENT OF

THE OVERALL RISK SITUATION

The most significant challenges have been mentioned first in
each of the four risk categories — strategic, operational, financial
and compliance. The risks caused by our highly competitive envi-
ronment continue to be the most significant, as in the prior year.

While our assessments of individual risk exposures have changed
during fiscal 2018 due to developments in the external environ-
ment, effects of our own mitigation measures and the revision of
our plans for assessing risk, the overall risk situation for Siemens
did not change significantly as compared to the prior year.

At present, no risks have been identified that either individually
or in combination could endanger our ability to continue as a
going concern.

A.8.4 Opportunities

Within our ERM we regularly identify, evaluate and respond to
opportunities that present themselves in our various fields of
activity. Below we describe our most significant opportunities.
Unless otherwise stated, the opportunities described relate to
all of our segments. The order in which the opportunities are
presented reflects the currently estimated relative exposure for
Siemens associated with these opportunities and thus provides
an indication of the opportunities’ current importance to us.
The described opportunities are not necessarily the only ones
we encounter. In addition, our assessment of opportunities is
subject to change because the Company, our markets and tech-
nologies are constantly advancing. It is also possible that op-
portunities we see today will never materialize.

Long-term value creation through innovation (e.g. electri-
fication, automation and digitalization): We drive innovation
by investing significantly in R&D in order to develop sustainable
solutions for our customers while also strengthening our own
competitiveness. Being an innovative company and constantly
inventing new technologies that we expect will meet future de-
mands arising from the megatrends of demographic change,
urbanization, climate change and globalization is one of our core
purposes. We are granted thousands of new patents every year
and continuously develop new concepts and new convincing dig-
ital and data-driven business models. This helps us create the
next generation of ground-breaking innovations in such fields as
digitalization, artificial intelligence, autonomous machines and
edge computing. Besides our R&D activities, our next47 unit was
established to partner with and invest in selected start-ups with
innovative ideas for shaping the future, so that we can turn those
ideas into viable businesses. Across our Industrial Business, we

are profiting from our undisputed strength in the “Digital Enter-
prise.” Foremost, our cloud-based MindSphere platform en-
hances the availability of our customers’ digital products and
systems and improves their productivity and efficiency. We see
also significant opportunities to generate additional volume and
profit from innovative digital products, services and solutions,
including cyber security, applications for optimized energy con-
sumption and operation of highly efficient energy grids and scal-
able solutions for distributed and renewable energy generation.
We see growth opportunities in opening up access to new mar-
kets and customers through new marketing and sales strategies,
which we have hence integrated into our Divisional master plans.
Our position along the value chains of electrification, automation
and digitalization allows us to further increase market penetra-
tion. Along these value chains, we have identified several con-
crete growth fields in which we see our greatest long-term poten-
tial. Hence we are bundling and developing our resources and
capabilities around these growth fields.

Mergers, acquisitions, equity investments, partnerships,
divestments and streamlining our portfolio: We constantly
monitor our current and potential markets to identify opportuni-
ties for strategic mergers, acquisitions, equity investments and
partnerships to complement our organic growth. Such activities
may help us to strengthen our position in our existing markets,
provide access to new or underserved markets, or complement
our technological portfolio in strategic areas. Opportunities
might also arise when portfolio optimization measures generate
gains which enable us to further pursue our other strategies for
growth and profitability.

Favorable political and regulatory environment: Govern-
ment initiatives and subsidies (including tax reforms among
others) may lead to more government spending (e.g. infrastruc-
ture or digitalization investments) and ultimately result in an
opportunity for us to participate in ways that increase our
revenue and profit.

Increased market penetration and enhanced sales activi-
ties: Through Industrial Business sales initiatives and master-
plans, we continuously strive to grow and expand our business
in established markets, open up new markets for existing port-
folio elements and strengthen our installed base in order to gain
a higher market share and increased profits. Furthermore, we
aim to increase our sales via improved account management and
new distribution channels, among other strategies.

Excellent project execution: As a result of improving project
management efforts and learning from our mistakes in project
execution through a formalized lessons-learned approach, we
see the opportunity to continuously reduce non-conformance

Combined Management Report

37


--- Page 37 ---

38

costs and ensure on-time delivery of our projects and solutions.
Furthermore, stringent project risk and opportunity manage-
ment, time schedule management, performance bonuses and
highly professional management of consortium partners and sup-
pliers all help us to avoid liquidated damages and ultimately im-
prove our profit position. In addition, there is an opportunity to
win new projects or follow-on orders related to existing projects,
and to effectively use our claim management processes to reduce
costs incurred as a result of customer claims, such as by finding a
consensus with our customers while also improving customer
relationship management. At the same time, we reduce quality
problems by proactively addressing supplier issues up front.

Localizing value chain activities: Localizing certain value
chain activities, such as procurement, manufacturing, mainte-
nance and service, in emerging markets could enable us to re-
duce costs and strengthen our global competitive position, in
particular compared to competitors based in countries where
they can operate with more favorable cost structures. Moreover,
our local footprint in many countries provides the opportunity to
take advantage of growth markets and market shifts around the
world, which could result in increased market penetration and
market share.

Climate change: While climate change represents a serious risk
for business and society, it also presents an opportunity for
Siemens to help mitigate its effects. In line with the global agree-
ment in Paris (COP21) that entered into force in November 2016,
Siemens strives to support a trend towards reducing CO2 emis-
sions both in our own operations as well as for our customers,
based on technologies from our environmental portfolio such as
low-carbon power generation from renewable energy sources.

Assessment of the overall opportunities situation: The most
significant opportunity for Siemens continues to be success from
long-term value creation through innovation (e.g. electrification,
automation and digitalization) as described above.

While our assessment of individual opportunities has changed
during fiscal 2018 due to developments in the external environ-
ment, our endeavors to profit from them and revision of our stra-
tegic plans, the overall opportunity situation did not change sig-
nificantly compared to the prior year.

Combined Management Report

A.8.5 Significant characteristics of
the accounting-related internal
control and risk management system

The overarching objective of our accounting-related internal con-
trol and risk management system is to ensure that financial re-
porting is conducted in a proper manner, such that the Consoli-
dated Financial Statements and the Combined Management
Report of Siemens group as well as the Annual Financial State-
ments of Siemens AG as the parent company are prepared in
accordance with all relevant regulations.

Our ERM approach is based on the globally accepted COSO (Com-
mittee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commis-
sion) “Enterprise Risk Management — Integrated Framework”
(2004) and is adapted to Siemens requirements. It additionally
conforms to ISO (International Organization for Standardization)
Standard 31000. As one of the objectives of these frameworks is
reliability of a company’s financial reporting, it includes an ac-
counting-related perspective. Our accounting-related internal
control system (control system) is based on the internationally
recognized “Internal Control — Integrated Framework" also devel-
oped by COSO. The two systems are complementary.

At the end of each fiscal year, our management performs an eval-
uation of the effectiveness of the implemented control system,
both in design and operating effectiveness. We have a standard-
ized procedure under which necessary controls are defined, doc-
umented in accordance with uniform standards, and tested reg-
ularly for their effectiveness. Nevertheless, there are inherent
limitations on the effectiveness of any control system, and no
system, including one determined to be effective, may prevent
or detect all misstatements.

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared on the basis
of a centrally issued conceptual framework which primarily con-
sists of uniform Financial Reporting Guidelines and a chart of
accounts. For Siemens AG and other companies within the
Siemens group required to prepare financial statements in accor-
dance with German Commercial Code, this conceptual frame-
work is complemented by mandatory regulations specific to the
German Commercial Code. The need for adjustments in the con-
ceptual framework due to regulatory changes is analyzed on an
ongoing basis. Accounting departments are informed quarterly
about current topics and deadlines from an accounting and clos-
ing process perspective.


--- Page 38 ---

The base data used in preparing our financial statements con-
sists of the closing data reported by the operations of
Siemens AG and its subsidiaries. The preparation of the closing
data of most of our entities is supported by an internal shared
services organization. Furthermore, other accounting activi-
ties, such as governance and monitoring activities, are usually
bundled on a regional level. In particular cases, such as valua-
tions relating to post-employment benefits, we use external
experts. The reported closing data is used to prepare the finan-
cial statements in the consolidation system. The steps neces-
sary to prepare the financial statements are subject to both
manual and automated controls.

Qualification of employees involved in the accounting process is
ensured through appropriate selection processes and training. As
a fundamental principle, based on materiality considerations, the
“four eyes” principle applies and specific procedures must be ad-
hered to for data authorization. Additional control mechanisms
include target-performance comparisons and analyses of the
composition of and changes in individual line items, both in the
closing data submitted by reporting units and in the Consolidated
Financial Statements. In line with our information security re-
quirements, accounting-related IT systems contain defined ac-
cess rules protecting them from unauthorized access. The man-
ual and system-based control mechanisms referred to above
generally also apply when reconciling the International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS) closing data to the Annual Financial
Statements of Siemens AG.

On a quarterly basis, we execute an internal certification process.
Management at different levels of our organization, supported
by confirmations by managements of entities under their respon-
sibility, confirms the accuracy of the financial data that has been
reported to Siemens’ corporate headquarters and reports on the
effectiveness of the related control systems.

Our Strategic Units Siemens Healthineers and SGRE are also sub-
ject to our group-wide principles for the accounting-related inter-
nal control and risk management system and are individually
responsible for adhering to those principles. The management of
Siemens Healthineers and SGRE provide periodic sign-offs to the
Managing Board of Siemens AG, certifying the effectiveness of
their respective accounting-related internal control systems as
well as the completeness, accuracy, and reliability of the financial
data reported to us.

After the fiscal 2017 merger of our wind power business with
Gamesa, SGRE commenced to integrate the former Gamesa
entities into our accounting-related internal control and risk
management system and to enhance their internal controls.
The integration efforts have been completed in the course of
fiscal 2018.

Our internal audit function systematically evaluates our financial
reporting integrity, the effectiveness of the control system and
the risk management system, and adherence to our compliance
policies. In addition, the Audit Committee is integrated into our
control system. In particular, it oversees the accounting and ac-
counting process and the effectiveness of the internal control
system, the risk management system and the internal audit sys-
tem. Moreover, we have rules for accounting-related complaints.

Combined Management Report

39


--- Page 39 ---

40

A.9 Siemens AG

The Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG have been pre-
pared in accordance with the rules set out in the German Com-
mercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch).

Siemens AG is the parent company of the Siemens Group. At the
end of fiscal 2018, results for Siemens AG comprise the fields of
business activities mainly of Power and Gas, Energy Manage-
ment, Building Technologies, Digital Factory, Process Industries
and Drives as well as the activities of Siemens Real Estate and are
significantly influenced by directly or indirectly owned subsidiar-
ies and investments. The business development of Siemens AG is
fundamentally subject to the same risks and opportunities as the
Siemens Group. Due to the interrelations between Siemens AG
and its subsidiaries and the relative size of Siemens AG within the
Group, the outlook of the Group also largely reflects our expec-
tations for Siemens AG. Therefore, the foregoing explanations
for the Siemens Group apply also for Siemens AG. We expect that
income from investments or profit transfer agreements with
affiliated companies will significantly influence the profit of
Siemens AG.

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to share-
holders. Therefore, we intend to propose a dividend whose dis-
tribution volume is within a dividend payout range of 40% to
60% of net income of the Siemens Group attributable to share-
holders of Siemens AG, which we may adjust for this purpose to
exclude selected exceptional non-cash effects. For fiscal 2019, we
expect a net income of Siemens AG sufficient to fund the distri-
bution of a corresponding dividend.

In December 2017, in preparation for the public listing of Siemens
Healthineers, Siemens Healthineers AG, Germany, was estab-
lished. Several entities, including Siemens Healthcare GmbH,
Germany, held by Siemens AG or its direct and indirect subsidiar-
ies were contributed against shares or sold and transferred to
subsidiaries of Siemens Healthineers AG, which resulted in a sig-
nificant increase in shares in affiliated companies. The profit and
loss transfer agreement with Siemens Healthcare GmbH was
terminated with effect at the end of March 2018.

Beginning of August 2018, in preparation for the proposed
combination of Siemens’ mobility business with Alstom,
Siemens AG carved-out its mobility business to Siemens Mobil-
ity GmbH by way of singular succession. The carve-out resulted
mainly in additions to shares in affiliated companies and dis-
posals of transferred assets and liabilities, particularly property,
plant and equipment, inventories, provisions for pensions and
other provisions.

As of September 30, 2018, the number of employees was 77,000.

Combined Management Report

A.9.1 Results of operations

———————— EE
Statement of Income of Siemens AG in accordance
with German Commercial Code (condensed)

Fiscal year

(in millions of €) 2018 2017 % Change
Revenue 28,185 26,888 5%
Cost of Sales (21,074) (19,979) (5%)
Gross profit 7,111 6,909 3%

as percentage of revenue 25% 26%

Research and
development expenses (2,788) (2,619) «
Selling and general
administrative expenses (3,767) (3,627)
Other operating income

(expenses), net 1 (30) nla
Financial income, net

thereof Income from

investments, net 5,381

(prior year 3,798) 4,643 3,828 21%
Income from business activity 5,199 17%
Income taxes (653) (709
Net income 4,547 12%
Profit carried forward 134 (8%
Allocation to other
retained earnings (1,451) 1,077) (35
Unappropriated net income 3,230 3,145 3%

Increases in revenue mainly included Mobility with €1.1 billion,
Power and Gas with €0.6 billion, Energy Management with
€0.4 billion and Digital Factory with €0.4 billion, partly offset by
Process Industries and Drives with a decrease of €1.0 billion.
On a geographical basis, 77% of revenue was generated in the
Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East region, 16% in the Asia, Austra-
lia region and 7% in the Americas region. Exports from Germany
accounted for 65% of overall revenue. In fiscal 2018, orders for
Siemens AG amounted to €24.2 billion. Within Siemens AG, the
development of revenue depends strongly on the completion of
contracts, primarily in connection with large orders.

The positive change in gross profit was mainly due to industrial
businesses, which included an increase of €0.4 billion in Mobility.

Research and development (R&D) expenses increased year-
over-year, mainly driven by Digital Factory with an increase of
€0.1 billion. The R&D intensity (R&D as a percentage of revenue)
increased by 0.2 percentage points year-over-year. The research
and development activities of Siemens AG are fundamentally
the same as for the Siemens Group or its industrial businesses,
respectively. On an average basis, we employed 9,500 people in
R&D in fiscal 2018.


--- Page 40 ---

The increase in Financial income, net was primarily attributable
to higher income from investments, net. The main factor for
this increase was lower income in the prior year due to impair-
ments of investments, which included primarily an impairment
of Siemens AG's investment in Siemens Gamesa Renewable En-
ergy, S.A., Spain, of €1.2 billion. In the current period, income
from investments increased by €1.1 billion, which was largely
offset by a decrease in income from profit transfer agreements
with affiliated companies of €0.9 billion. Other financial income
(expenses) changed from a negative €0.3 billion in the prior year
to a negative €1.0 billion. The main factor was a negative effect
of €0.4 billion from changes in provisions for risks in derivative
financial instruments.

Higher income taxes are based in part on the increase of foreign
withholding taxes. In addition, income taxes included deferred
tax expenses and deferred tax benefits resulting from the origi-
nation and reversal of temporary differences.

A.9.2 Net assets and
financial position
a

Statement of Financial Position of Siemens AG in accordance
with German Commercial Code (condensed)

Sep 30,
(in millions of € 2018 2017 % Change
Assets
Non-current assets
Intangible and tangible assets 1,894 2,348 (19%)
Financial assets 55,747 44,802 24%
57,641 47,150 22%
Current assets
Receivables and other assets 18,236 19,884 (8%)
Cash and cash equivalents,
securities 3,177 884
21,413 20,769
Prepaid expenses 163 87
Deferred tax assets 2,064 2,174 (5%)
Active difference
resulting from offsetting 62 60 4%
Total assets 81,344 70,239 16%
Liabilities and equity
Equity 22,049 = 21,123 4%
Special reserve
with an equity portion 671 681 (2%)
Provisions
Pensions and similar
commitments 11,885 11,761 1%
Other provisions 6,011 7,417 (19%)
17,896 19,178 (7%)
Liabilities
Liabilities to banks 53 81 (34%)
Advance payments received 1,504 750
Trade payables, liabilities
to affiliated companies
and other liabilities 38,863 28,065 38%
40,420 28,896 40%
Deferred income 308 361 (14%)
Total liabilities and equity 81,344 — 70,239 16%

The decrease in receivables and other assets included discon-
tinuation of the purchase of trade receivables from affiliated
companies.

Combined Management Report

41


--- Page 41 ---

42

Cash and cash equivalents, securities are significantly affected
by the liquidity management of the Corporate Treasury of
Siemens AG. The liquidity management is based on the financ-
ing policy of the Siemens Group, which is aimed towards a bal-
anced financing portfolio, a diversified maturity profile and a
comfortable liquidity cushion. Therefore, the change in liquidity
of Siemens AG was not driven only by business activities of
Siemens AG.

The increase in equity was attributable to net income for the year
of €4.6 billion and the issuance of treasury stock of €0.9 billion
in conjunction with our share-based payments and employee
share programs. These factors were partly offset by dividends
paid in fiscal 2018 (for fiscal 2017) of €3.0 billion. In addition,
equity was reduced due to share buybacks during the year
amounting to €1.5 billion. The equity ratios at September 30,
2018 and 2017 were 27% and 30%, respectively. For the disclo-
sures in accordance with Section 160 para. 1 no. 2 of the German
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) about treasury shares
we refer to AA NOTE 15 of OUr ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF
SIEMENS AG FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2018.

The increase in trade payables, liabilities to affiliated compa-
nies and other liabilities was due primarily to higher liabilities to
affiliated companies as a result of intra-group financing activities.

A.9.3 Corporate Governance
statement

The Corporate Governance statement pursuant to Sections 289f
and 315d of the German Commercial Code is an integral part of
the Combined Management Report and is presented in => c.4.2
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 289F AND
315D OF THE GERMAN COMMERCIAL CODE.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 42 ---

A.10 Compensation Report

This report is based on the recommendations of the German
Corporate Governance Code (Code) and the requirements of the
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch), the German
Accounting Standards (Deutsche Rechnungslegungsstandards)
and the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

A.10.1 Remuneration of
Managing Board members

A.10.1.1 REMUNERATION SYSTEM

The remuneration system for Siemens’ Managing Board is intended
to provide an incentive for successful corporate management with
an emphasis on sustainability. Managing Board members are ex-
pected to make a long-term commitment to and on behalf of the
Company and may benefit from any sustained increase in the Com-
pany’s value. For this reason, a substantial portion of their total
remuneration is linked to the long-term performance of Siemens
stock. Furthermore, their remuneration is to be commensurate
with the Company’s size and economic position. Exceptional
achievements are to be rewarded adequately, while falling short of
targets is to result in an appreciable reduction in remuneration.
Their compensation is structured so as to be attractive in compar-
ison to that of competitors, with a view to attracting outstanding
managers to the Company and retaining them for the long term.

The Managing Board’s remuneration system and remuneration
levels are determined and regularly reviewed by the full Super-
visory Board, based on proposals by the Compensation Commit-
tee. The Supervisory Board reviews remuneration levels annu-
ally to ensure that they are appropriate. In this process, the
Company's economic situation, performance and future pros-
pects as well as the tasks and performance of the individual
Managing Board members are taken into account. In addition,
the Supervisory Board considers the common level of remuner-
ation in comparison with peer companies and with the compen-
sation structure in place in other areas of the Company. It also
takes due account of the relationship between the Managing
Board's remuneration and that of senior management and staff,
both overall and with regard to its development over time. For
this purpose, the Supervisory Board has also determined how
senior management and the relevant staff are to be differenti-
ated. The remuneration system that has been in place for Man-
aging Board members since fiscal 2015 was approved at the
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 27, 2015. The compo-
nents of compensation — base compensation, variable compen-
sation (Bonus) and long-term stock-based compensation — are
weighted equally, and each comprises about one-third of target
compensation. The three target parameters of variable compen-
sation (Bonus) are also weighted equally.

Remuneration system for Managing Board members
Share Ownership Guidelines

Requirement to hold Siemens stock
as a multiple of base compensation
throughout the term of of

1/3 Base compensation

Structure of target compensation

1/3 Long-term
stock-based compensation
Siemens Stock Awards

Target parameter
> Performance of Siemens stock
compared to five competitors

oftarget Restriction period
achievement: > Four years

0-200%

3 times

base 2 times
compensation base
compensation
213
1/3 Variable compensation (Bonus) _Performance-
; based
President Managing Board > Variability of target achievement:
and CEO member 0-200% add. + 20% adjustment compensating

Target parameters

Earnings Individual
v8 v8 v8

Maximum amounts of compensation
(as a percentage of the respective target amount)

1.7 times
target compensation’

240% 300%
= || |
Base compensation Variable Long-term Overall

compensation (Bonus)

stock-based compensation compensation

Plus fringe benefits and pension benefit commitments.

Combined Management Report

43


--- Page 43 ---

44

In fiscal 2018, the Managing Board's remuneration system had
the following components:

Non-performance-based components

Base compensation

Base compensation is paid as a monthly salary. Since October 1,
2017, the base compensation of President and CEO Joe Kaeser
has amounted to €2,161,500 per year. The base compensa-
tion of the other members of the Managing Board has been
€1,080,000 per year.

Fringe benefits

Fringe benefits include the costs of non-monetary benefits and
other perquisites, such as the provision of a company car, contri-
butions toward the cost of insurance, the reimbursement of ex-
penses for legal advice and tax advice, accommodation and mov-
ing expenses, including a gross-up provided by the company for
any taxes due in this regard, currency adjustment payments and
costs relating to preventive medical examinations.

Performance-based components

Variable compensation (Bonus)

Variable compensation (Bonus) is based on the Company’s busi-
ness performance in the past fiscal year. The Bonus depends on
the achievement of three equally-weighted target parameters:
return on capital employed, earnings per share and individual
targets. To achieve a consistent target system Company-wide,
corresponding targets — in addition to other targets — also apply
to senior managers.

For 100% target achievement (target amount), the amount of the
Bonus equals the amount of base compensation. The Bonus is
subject to a ceiling (cap) of 200%. If targets are substantially
missed, variable compensation may not be paid at all (0%). The
Bonus is paid entirely in cash.

At its duty-bound discretion, the Supervisory Board may revise
the amount resulting from target achievement downward or up-
ward by as much as 20%; the adjusted amount of the Bonus paid
can thus be as much as 240% of the target amount. Decisions to
make adjustments may take factors such as the results of an em-
ployee survey or a customer satisfaction survey into account as
well as the Company’s economic situation. The revision option
may also be exercised in recognition of Managing Board mem-
bers’ individual achievements.

Beginning in fiscal 2019, plans call for the Supervisory Board to
review and, if appropriate, reduce bonus payout amounts in the
event of a breach of duty or a violation of compliance regulations
(clawback).

Combined Management Report

Long-term stock-based compensation

Long-term stock-based compensation consists of a grant of forfeit-
able stock commitments (Stock Awards) at the beginning of the
fiscal year. In the event of 100% target achievement, the annual
target amount for the monetary value of the Stock Awards grant is
€2,233,000 for the President and CEO (effective October 1, 2017).
For the other Managing Board members, it is €1,117,000. Since
fiscal 2015, the Supervisory Board has had the option of increasing
the target amount for each member of the Managing Board, on an
individual basis, by as much as 75% for one fiscal year at a time.
This option enables the Supervisory Board to take account of each
Managing Board member's individual accomplishments and expe-
rience as well as the scope and demands of his or her function.

Beneficiaries receive one free share of Siemens stock per Stock
Award after an approximately four-year restriction period and
subject to target attainment. The value of the Siemens shares to
be transferred for Stock Awards after the end of the restriction
period depends on the price of the Siemens share at the time of
transfer and on target attainment as defined by the underlying
target system. If target attainment is above 100%, the members
of the Managing Board will receive — in addition to the Siemens
shares — a cash payment corresponding to the outperformance.
If target attainment is less than 100%, a number of Stock Awards
equivalent to the shortfall from the target will be forfeited with-
out replacement. The total value of the Siemens shares and of
the cash payment is subject to a ceiling of 300% of the relevant
target amount. If this maximum amount is exceeded, the corre-
sponding entitlement to Stock Awards will be forfeited without
replacement. Beginning in fiscal 2019, plans call for target attain-
ment above 100% to be compensated with a transfer of Siemens
shares instead of the cash payment currently provided for.

Target attainment relating to long-term stock-based compensa-
tion is linked to the performance of Siemens stock compared to
certain competitors. At the beginning of the fiscal year, the Super-
visory Board decides on a target system (target value for 100% and
target line) for the performance of Siemens stock relative to the
stock of — at present — five competitors (ABB, Eaton, General Elec-
tric, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and Schneider Electric). Changes
in the share price are measured on the basis of a twelve-month
reference period (compensation year) over three years (perfor-
mance period), while Stock Awards are restricted for a period of
four years. When this restriction period expires, the Supervisory
Board determines how much better or worse Siemens’ stock has
performed relative to the stock of its competitors. This determina-
tion yields a target attainment of between 0% and 200% (cap).

If significant changes occur among the relevant competitors
during the period under consideration, the Supervisory Board
may take these changes into account, as appropriate, in deter-
mining the values for comparison and/or calculating the relevant
stock prices of those competitors. In the event of extraordinary


--- Page 44 ---

unforeseen developments that impact the share price, the Super-
visory Board may decide to reduce the number of granted Stock
Awards retroactively, or it may decide that in lieu of a transfer of
Siemens shares only a cash settlement in a defined and limited
amount will be paid, or it may decide to postpone the transfer of
Siemens shares arising from payable Stock Awards until the de-
velopments have ceased to impact the share price.

If a member of the Managing Board violates compliance regula-
tions, the Supervisory Board is entitled at its duty-bound discretion
to revoke without replacement all or some of the Stock Awards,
depending on the gravity of the compliance violation (clawback).

If a Managing Board member's employment contract begins
during the fiscal year, an equivalent number of Siemens Phantom
Stock Awards will be granted instead of Stock Awards, and only a
cash equivalent is given at the end of the restriction period. Beyond
that, the same provisions agreed upon for Stock Awards apply.

With regard to the further terms of the Stock Awards, the same
principles apply in general to the Managing Board and to senior
managers. These principles are explained in more detail in
> NOTE 26 iN B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

eee eee ee
Variable compensation (Bonus) and long-term stock-based compensation

Maximum
Remuneration Share of target Target Basis for Target amounts of Value at
component compensation _ parameter assessment achievement _ compensation payout/transfer
1/3 Return on capital Annual
employed (ROCE) basis
Variable 5 0-200% 240% of the Dependent
. 1/3 Earnings 5 a
compensation —~ 33% . @ 3 years add. +/- 20% respective on target
per share, basic EPS °
(Bonus) adjustment targetamount achievement
1/3 Individual Annual
targets basis
On the basis of a
twelve-month reference Dependent on
Performance of : 5
Long-term Siemens stock period (compensation 300% of the - Target
stock-based ~ 34% year), change in share 0-200% respective achievement

compared to

compensation
P 5 competitors

price measured over the
following 36 months

targetamount _- Stock price

at transfer

(performance period)

Maximum amount for overall compensation

In addition to the maximum amounts for variable compensation
and long-term stock-based compensation, a maximum amount
for overall compensation has been defined. Since fiscal 2014, this
amount cannot be more than 1.7 times higher than target com-
pensation. Target compensation comprises base compensation,
the target amount for variable compensation (Bonus) and the
target amount for long-term stock-based compensation, exclud-
ing fringe benefits and pension benefit commitments. When
fringe benefits and pension benefit commitments are included,
the maximum amount of overall compensation for that year will
increase accordingly.

Share Ownership Guidelines

The Siemens Share Ownership Guidelines are an integral part of
the remuneration system for the Managing Board and senior ex-
ecutives. These guidelines require that — after a specified build-up
phase — Managing Board members continuously hold Siemens
shares worth a multiple of their base compensation —300% for
the President and CEO, 200% for the other members of the Man-
aging Board — throughout their terms of office on the Managing
Board. The decisive figure in this context is the average base com-
pensation that a member of the Managing Board has received

over the four years before the applicable date of proof of adher-
ence. Hence, changes that have been made to base compensa-
tion in the meantime are included. Non-forfeitable stock commit-
ments (Bonus Awards) which were granted until fiscal 2014 are
taken into account in determining adherence to the Share Own-
ership Guidelines.

Adherence to these guidelines must be proven for the first time
after a four-year build-up phase. Thereafter, it must be proven
annually. If the value of a Managing Board member's accrued
holdings falls below the required minimum due to fluctuations in
Siemens’ share price, he or she must acquire additional shares.

Pension benefit commitments

Like employees of Siemens AG, the members of the Managing
Board are included in the Siemens Defined Contribution Benefit
Plan (BSAV). Under the BSAV, Managing Board members receive
contributions that are credited to their personal pension ac-
counts. The amount of these annual contributions is based on a
predetermined percentage related to their base compensation
and the target amount of their Bonus. This percentage is decided
upon annually by the Supervisory Board and was most recently
set at 28%. In making its decision, the Supervisory Board takes

Combined Management Report

45


--- Page 45 ---

46

account of the intended level of provision for each individual and
the length of time he or she has been a Managing Board member
as well as the annual and long-term expense to the Company
resulting from that provision. The non-forfeitability of pension
benefit commitments is determined in compliance with the pro-
visions of the German Company Pensions Act (Betriebsrenten-
gesetz). Special contributions may be granted to Managing Board
members on the basis of individual decisions by the Supervisory
Board. If a member of the Managing Board earned a pension ben-
efit entitlement from the Company before the BSAV was intro-
duced, a portion of his or her contributions goes toward financ-
ing that prior commitment.

Managing Board members are eligible to receive benefits under
the BSAV at the age of 60 or — in the case of benefit commit-
ments made on or after January 1, 2012 — the age of 62. Asa rule,
the accrued pension benefit balance is paid out to Managing
Board members in twelve annual installments. A Managing Board
member or his or her surviving dependents may also request that
his or her pension benefit balance will be paid out in fewer in-
stallments or as a lump sum, subject to the Company’s consent.
The accrued pension benefit balance may also be paid out as a
pension. Furthermore, Managing Board members may choose a
combination of lump sum payments, installment payments (two
to twelve) and pension payments. If the pension option is cho-
sen, a decision must be made as to whether the payout should
include pensions for surviving dependents.

Due to Lisa Davis’ tax status in the U.S., some of the details of her
pension benefit commitment differ from the standard provisions,
in particular, details regarding collateral.

Benefits from the retirement benefit system that was in place
before the BSAV was established are normally granted as pension
benefits with a surviving dependent’s pension. Payout in install-
ments or a lump-sum payment may - in this case, too — be cho-
sen instead of pension payments.

Like other eligible employees of Siemens AG, Managing Board
members who were employed by the Company on or before Sep-
tember 30, 1983, are entitled to receive transition payments for
the first six months after retirement equal to the difference be-
tween their final base compensation and the retirement benefits
payable under the corporate pension plan.

Commitments in connection with the termination
of Managing Board membership

Managing Board employment contracts provide for a compensa-
tory payment if membership on the Managing Board is terminated
prematurely by mutual agreement and without serious cause. The
amount of this payment must not exceed the value of two years’
compensation and must compensate no more than the remaining

Combined Management Report

term of the contract (severance cap). The amount of the compen-
satory payment is calculated on the basis of base compensation,
together with the variable compensation and the long-term stock-
based compensation actually received during the last fiscal year
before termination. The compensatory payment is payable in the
month when the member leaves the Managing Board. In addition,
a one-time special contribution is made to the BSAV. The amount
of this contribution is based on the BSAV contribution that the
Managing Board member received in the previous year and on the
remaining term of his or her appointment but is limited to not
more than two years’ contributions (cap). The aforementioned
benefits are not paid if an amicable termination of the member's
activity on the Managing Board is agreed upon at the member's
request, or if there is serious cause for the Company to terminate
the employment relationship.

In the event of a change of control that results in a substantial
change in a Managing Board member's position — for example,
due to a change in corporate strategy or a change in the Manag-
ing Board member's duties and responsibilities — the Managing
Board member has the right to terminate his or her contract with
the Company. A change of control exists if one shareholder or
multiple shareholders acting in concert acquire a majority of the
voting rights in Siemens AG and exercise a controlling influence,
or if Siemens AG becomes a dependent enterprise as a result of
entering into an intercompany agreement within the meaning of
Section 291 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz),
or if Siemens AG is to be merged into an existing corporation or
other entity. If this right of termination is exercised, the Manag-
ing Board member is entitled to a severance payment in the
amount of not more than two years’ compensation. The calcula-
tion of the annual compensation will include not only the base
compensation and the target amount for the Bonus, but also the
target amount for Stock Awards, in each case based on the most
recent fiscal year completed prior to the termination of the mem-
ber’s contract. The stock-based components for which a firm
commitment already exists will remain unaffected. There is no
entitlement to a severance payment if the Managing Board mem-
ber receives benefits from third parties in connection with a
change of control. Moreover, there is no right to terminate if the
change of control occurs within a period of twelve months prior
to a Managing Board member's retirement.

Compensatory or severance payments also cover non-monetary
benefits by including an amount equal to 5% of the total com-
pensatory or severance amount. Compensatory or severance
payments will be reduced by 10% as a lump-sum allowance for
discounted values and for income earned elsewhere. However,
this reduction will apply only to the portion of the compensatory
or severance payment that was calculated without taking into
account the first six months of the remaining term of the Man-
aging Board member's employment contract.


--- Page 46 ---

Stock Awards that were granted as long-term stock-based com-
pensation and for which the restriction period is still in effect will
be forfeited without replacement if the employment contract is
not extended after the end of an appointment period, either at
the Managing Board member's request or because there is seri-
ous cause that would have entitled the Company to revoke the
appointment or terminate the contract. However, once granted,
Stock Awards are not forfeited if the employment contract is ter-
minated by mutual agreement at the Company’s request, or be-
cause of retirement, disability or death or in connection with a
spin-off, the transfer of an operation, or a change of activity
within the Group. In these cases, the Stock Awards will remain in
effect upon termination of the employment contract and will be
honored on expiration of the restriction period.

Secondary activities of Managing Board members
Members of the Managing Board may take on secondary activi-
ties — in particular, supervisory board positions outside the Com-
pany — only with the approval of the Chairman’s Committee of the
Supervisory Board. The holding of positions in Siemens compa-
nies is considered to be covered by the contractual Managing
Board remuneration. As a rule, Managing Board members are
obligated to waive any remuneration that may be due to them in
connection with such positions. Should a waiver not be possible
under the legal or tax regulations applicable to a Siemens com-
pany, the remuneration paid to a Managing Board member in
connection with such a position will be set off against the remu-
neration due to him or her in connection with his or her Managing

Board activities. Memberships in supervisory boards whose estab-
lishment is required by law or in comparable domestic or foreign
controlling bodies of business enterprises are listed in Section
> ¢.4.1 iN C.4 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

A.10.1.2. REMUNERATION OF MANAGING BOARD
MEMBERS FOR FISCAL 2018

At the beginning of the fiscal year, the Supervisory Board set the
target parameters return on capital employed (ROCE) and earnings
per share (EPS) for the variable compensation (Bonus) for all mem-
bers of the Managing Board, in each case on the basis of continu-
ing and discontinued operations. The target values for the EPS
component were defined on a multi-year basis. In defining the
target for variable compensation, the Supervisory Board also de-
fined individual targets so as to take fuller account of the individ-
ual performance of each Managing Board member. An internal
review of the appropriateness of Managing Board compensation
for fiscal 2018 has confirmed that the remuneration of the Manag-
ing Board resulting from target achievement for fiscal 2018 is to be
considered appropriate. In light of this review and following a re-
view of the achievement of the targets defined at the beginning
of the fiscal year, the Supervisory Board has decided to define the
amounts of variable compensation, stock-based compensation
and pension benefit contributions as follows:

Variable compensation (Bonus)
The following targets were set and attained with respect to the
target parameters for variable compensation (Bonus):

Target parameter

Actual figure

100% of target forFY2018 Target achievement

Return on capital employed, ROCE*

11.00 679

Earnings per share, basic EPS (9 2016-2018)

Individual targets

1. Continuing and discontinued operations.

In fiscal 2018, Bonus-related target attainment by Managing Board
members was between 105.89% and 119.23%. In its overall assess-
ment, the Supervisory Board decided not to make any discretion-
ary adjustments to the Bonus payout amounts.

Long-term stock-based compensation

Since beneficiaries are not entitled to receive dividends, the num-
ber of Stock Awards granted for fiscal 2018 was based on the
closing price of Siemens stock in Xetra trading on the date of
grant in November 2017, less the present value of dividends ex-
pected during the restriction period. The share price used to de-
termine the number of Stock Awards was €100.01 (2017: €91.32).

Total compensation

On the basis of the Supervisory Board’s decisions described above,
Managing Board compensation for fiscal 2018 totaled €31.72 mil-
lion (2017: €33.97 million), a decrease of 6.6%. Of this total
amount, €21.93 million (2017: €20.73 million) was attributable to
cash compensation and €9.79 million (2017: €13.24 million) to
stock-based compensation.

The compensation presented on the following pages was granted

to the members of the Managing Board for fiscal 2018 (individual
disclosure).

Combined Management Report

47


--- Page 47 ---

48

Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2018

(Amounts in thousands of €)

Non-performance-

Fixed compensation (base compensation)

based components

Fringe benefits'

Total

Performance-based
components

without long-term incentive effect,
non-stock-based

One-year variable compensation
(Bonus) - Target amount

with long-term incentive effect,

stock-based

Multi-year variable compensation?
Siemens Stock Awards*
(restriction period: four years)

Total®

Service Cost

Total compensation (Code) ®

Total compensation of all Managing Board members for fiscal 2018, in accordance with the applicable reporting standards, amounted
to €31.72 million (2017: €33.97 million). In this context, the payout amount for one-year variable compensation (Bonus) presented
below is used instead of the target value according to the Code. Service costs for pension benefits are not included.

Performance-based
components

without long-term incentive effect,
non-stock-based

One-year variable compensation
(Bonus) — Payout amount

Total compensation

Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2018

(Amounts in thousands of €)

Non-performance-

Fixed compensation (base compensation)

based components

Fringe benefits*

Total

Performance-based
components

without long-term incentive effect,
non-stock-based

One-year variable compensation
(Bonus) - Target amount

with long-term incentive effect,

stock-based

Multi-year variable compensation?
Siemens Stock Awards*
(restriction period: four years)

Total®

Service Cost

Total compensation (Code) ®

Total compensation of all Managing Board members for fiscal 2018, in accordance with the applicable reporting standards, amounted
to €31.72 million (2017: €33.97 million). In this context, the payout amount for one-year variable compensation (Bonus) presented
below is used instead of the target value according to the Code. Service costs for pension benefits are not included.

Performance-based
components

without long-term incentive effect,
non-stock-based

One-year variable compensation

(Bonus) — Payout amount

Total compensation

Fringe benefits include the costs of non-monetary benefits and
other perquisites, such as the provision of a company car, con-
tributions toward the cost of insurance, the reimbursement of
expenses for legal advice and tax advice, accommodation and
moving expenses, including a gross-up provided by the company
for any taxes due in this regard, currency adjustment payments
and costs relating to preventive medical examinations.

‘The figures for individual maximums for multi-year variable
compensation reflect the possible maximum value in accordance
with the maximum amount agreed upon for fiscal 2018; that is,
300% of the applicable target amount.

‘The expenses recognized for stock based compensation for
members of the Managing Board in accordance with IFRS

in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 amounted to €13,573,256 and
-€19,031,892, respectively. The following amounts pertained to
the members of the Managing Board in fiscal 2018: Joe Kaeser
€3,474,486 (2017: €3,344,690), Dr. Roland Busch €1,785,096
(2017: €1,781,634), Lisa Davis €1,701,198 (2017: €1,301,296),

Klaus Helmrich €1,785,401 (2017: €1,784,593), Janina Kugel
-€1,566,652 (2017: €1,278,363), Cedrik Neike €419,403 (2017:
-€2,978,584), Michael Sen €653,500 (2017: €135,659) and

Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas €1,855,216 (2017: €1,393,673). The
corresponding expense, determined in the same way, for former
Managing Board members was as follows: Brigitte Ederer €0
(2017: €218,614), Barbara Kux ~ €72,498 (2017: €218,614),
Peter Lascher €0 (2017: €538,356), Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt
= €26,232 (2017: €32,566), Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm
-€379,331 (2017: €3,303,141), Peter Y. Solmssen €74,155 (2017:
-€692,506), and Dr. Michael SB ~ €22,452 (2017: €29,604). The
payout of Stock Awards and Bonus Awards received in fiscal
2018 amounted to less than the accrued provisions. Provisions
equal to the difference were reversed and recognized in the
income statements, which led to a total gain of €526,667. Since
no further provisions for outstanding tranches were accrued for
former Managing Board members, the reversal led to a reported
gain in connection with these former members.

4. The Stock Awards granted in fiscal 2018 are contingent upon
attaining the prospective performance-based target for Siemens
stock relative to five competitors. The monetary values relating
to 100% target achievement were €10,052,107 (2017:
-€12,930,417). The amounts for individual Managing Board
members were as follows: Joe Kaeser €2,233,023 (2017:
-€2,200,081), Dr. Roland Busch €1,117,012 (2017: €1,100,041),
Lisa Davis €1,117,012 (2017: €1,100,041), Klaus Helmrich
-€1,117,012 (2017: €1,100,041), Janina Kugel €1,117,012 (2017:
-€1,055,020), Cedrike Neike €1,117,012 (2017: €3,700,065),
Michael Sen €1,117,012 (2017: €1,025,067), Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas
-€1,117,012 (2017: €1,100,041) and for former Managing Board
member Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm €0 (2017: €550,020).

5. Total maximum compensation for fiscal 2018 represents the
contractual maximum amount for overall compensation, exclud-
ing fringe benefits and pension benefit commitments. At 17
times target compensation (base compensation, target amount
for the Bonus and the target amount for long-term stock-based


--- Page 48 ---

Joe Kaeser Dr. Roland Busch Lisa Davis’ Klaus Helmrich

President and CEO Managing Board member Managing Board member Managing Board member

2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018

2017 2018 = (Min) (Max) 2017 2018 = (Min) (Max) 2017 2018 = (Min) (Max) 2017 2018 = (Min) ~— (Max)

2,130 2,162 2,162 2,162, 1,065 1,080 1,080 1,080 1,065. 1,080 1,080 1,080 1,065 1,080 1,080 _—1,080

104 115 115 115, 55 55 55 55 512 401 401 401 52 44 44 44

2,234 2,277 2,277 «2,277, 1,120 1,135 «1,135 «113501577, (1,481 «1,481 «1,481 1,117 «1,124 1,124 1,124

2,130 2,162 0 5,188 1,065 1,080 0 2592 1,065 1,080 0 2592 1,065 1,080 0 2,592

2,096 2,175 0 6699 1,048 1,088 0 3,351 1,048 1,088 0 3,351 1,048 1,088 O 3,351

6,460 6,613 2,277 11,145 3,233 3,303 1,135 5,571 3,690 3,649 1,481 5,571 3,230 3,291 1,124 5,571

1,193 1,207 1,207 1,207 622 593 593 593 566 581 581 581 621 593 593 593

7,653 7,820 3,484 12,352 3,855 3,896 1,728 6,164 4,256 4,230 2,062 6,152 3,851 3,884 1,717 6,164
2,639 2,505 1,284 1,216 1,248 1,180 1,284 1,288
6,969 6,956 3,452 3,439 3,873 3,749 3,448 3,499

Janina Kugel Cedrik Neike*®? Michael Sen Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas

Managing Board member Managing Board member Managing Board member CFO
2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018
2017 2018 = (Min) (Max) 2017 2018 = (Min) (Max) 2017 2018 = (Min) (Max) 2017 2018 = (Min) ~— (Max)
1,011 1,080 1,080 1,080 533. 1,080 1,080 1,080 533. 1,080 1,080 1,080 1,065 1,080 1,080 1,080
40 40 40 40 15 29 29 29 115 510 510 510 69 72 72 72
1,051 1,120 1,120 1,120 548 1,109 1,109 1,109 648 1,590 1,590 1,590 1,134 1,152 1,152 1,152
1,011 1,080 0 2,592 533 1,080 0 2,592 533 1,080 0 2,592 1,065 1,080 0 2,592
1,005 1,088 0 3,351 4,079 1,088 0 3,351 1,347 1,088 0 3,351 1,048 1,088 O 3,351
3,067 3,288 1,120 5,571 5,159 3,277 1,109 5,571 2,528 3,757 1,590 3,247 3,319 1,152. 5,571
593 577 577 577 1,214 553 553 553 703 559 559 622 596 596 596
3,659 3,865 1,697 6,148 6,373 3,830 1,662 6,124 3,231 4,316 2,148 6,130 3,869 3,915 1,747 6,167
1151 1,144 606 624 1,252 1,284
3,207 3,352 5,233 2,619 3,929 3,466

compensation), the maximum amount is ess than the total of the
individual contractual caps for performance-based components.

awarded in the form of Siemens Phantom Stock Awards and the
remaining 25% as a special pension benefit contribution. One
half of the total amount of these granted Siemens Phantom

(2017: €359,769) was granted and paid by Siemens Ltd. China
and set off against the remuneration for his Managing Board
activities at Siemens AG. Of the fringe benefits reported here,

6 Total compensation reflects the respective fair value of stock- "
based compensation components on the grant date. On the Stock Awards fell due and was settled in September 2017. The {an amount of €13,409 (2017: €7,778) was granted and paid
basis of the respective monetary values of stock-based compen- other half fell due and was settled in September 2018. The value by Siemens Ltd. China. In addition, it has been agreed that,
sation components, total compensation amounted to of these Siemens Phantom Stock Awards depended solely on Siemens AG will offset, a5 a net amount, any personal tax
€31,982,259 (2017: €33,657,370). the performance of Siemens stock. Because they were granted burden that, due to Cedrik Neike's two employment relation-
as compensation for the forfeiture of stock at Cedrik Neike’s ships, exceeds the burden that he would incur if he paid tax
7 Lisa Davis’ compensation is paid out in Germany in euros. It previous employer, these Siemens Phantom Stock Awards are solely on the benefits granted to him under his employment.

has been agreed that any tax liability that arises due to tax rates
that are higher in Germany than in the U.S. will be reimbursed.
For base compensation of calendar years 2016 and 2017, as well
as for the Bonus for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, a currency-
adjustment payment was granted.

8 To compensate for the forfeiture of stock at his previous em-
ployer, the Supervisory Board granted Cedrik Neike a one-time
amount of €4,200,000 in fiscal 2017. Of this amount, 75% was

1

not taken into account when determining target compensation
and hence are not included in the individual minimum and
maximum amounts specified.

In addition to his role as a member of the Managing Board of
Siemens AG, Cedrik Neike serves as Executive Chairman of the
Board of Directors of Siemens Ltd. China. Of the fixed compen-
sation as well as the one-year (payout amount) and multi-year
variable compensation reported here, an amount of €76,350

contract with Siemens AG in Germany. Siemens AG will also
offset any burdens due to charges and contributions to social
insurance or comparable statutory systems in China additional
to those he incurs in Germany. To date, no such offset pay-
ments have been made.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 49 ---

50

Benefits received

The following table shows the benefits received for fiscal 2018
for fixed compensation, fringe benefits, one-year variable com-
pensation (Bonus) and multi-year variable compensation —
by reference year — as well as the expense of pension benefits.

In deviation from the multi-year variable compensation granted
for fiscal 2018 and shown in the previous table, this table in-
cludes the actual figure for multi-year variable compensation
granted in previous years and received in fiscal 2018.

Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2018

(Amounts in thousands of €)

Non-performance-

Fixed compensation (base compensation)

based components Fringe benefits?

Total

Performance-based

components non-stock-based

without long-term incentive effect,

One-year variable compensation
(Bonus) ~ Payout amount?

with long-term incentive effect, stock-based

Multi-year variable compensa
Siemens Stock Awards (restriction period: 2013-2017)?
Siemens Stock Awards (restriction period: 2012-2016)*
Bonus Awards (waiting period: 2013-2017)
Bonus Awards (waiting period: 2012-2016)

n

Other®

Total

Service Cost

Total compensation (Code)

Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2018

(Amounts in thousands of €)

Non-performance-

Fixed compensation (base compensation)

based components Fringe benefits?

Total

Performance-based

components non-stock-based

without long-term incentive effect,

One-year variable compensation
(Bonus) ~ Payout amount?

with long-term incentive effect, stock-based

Multi-year variable compensation

Siemens Stock Awards (restriction period: 2013-2017)?
Siemens Stock Awards (restriction period: 2012-2016)*
Bonus Awards (waiting period: 2013-2017)

Bonus Awards (waiting period: 2012-2016)

Other®

Total

Service Cost

Total compensation (Code)

Fringe benefits include the costs of non-monetary benefits and
other perquisites, such as the provision of a company car, contri-
butions toward the cost of insurance, the reimbursement of
expenses for legal advice and tax advice, accommodation and
moving expenses, including a gross-up provided by the company
for any taxes due in this regard, currency adjustment payments
and costs relating to preventive medical examinations.

‘The payout amount of the one-year variable compensation
(Bonus) reported above represents the amount awarded for
fiscal 2018, which will be paid out in January 2019.

For one half of the Siemens Stock Awards 2013, target attain-
ment depended on the EPS for the last three fiscal years and
amounted to 118%. For the other half, target attainment was
linked to the performance of Siemens stock compared to de-
fined competitors during the four-year restriction period. It
amounted to 100%. As a result, the Siemens Stock Awards 2013,

ir

that had already been granted on the basis of 100% target,
attainment were settled in the form of cash compensation, in
accordance with plan rules.

For one half of the Siemens Stock Awards 2012, target attainment
depended on the EPS for the past three fiscal years and amounted to
154%, For the other half, target attainment was linked to the perfor
mance of Siemens stock compared to defined competitors during
the fouryear restriction period. It amounted to 87%. Of the Siemens
‘Stock Awards 2012, which were granted on the basis of 100%
target attainment, a number equivalent to the shortfall from that
target expired without replacement, in accordance with plan rules.

One half of the Bonus for fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013 was granted
in the form of non-forfeitable awards of Siemens stock (Bonus
Awards). After the expiration of the four-year waiting period in
November 2016 and November 2017, respectively, the Bonus
‘Awards were settled in the form of cash compensation

lo

For Joe Kaeser, Dr. Roland Busch, Klaus Helmrich and Prof. Dr.
Ralf P. Thomas, “Other” includes, in fiscal 2017, the adjustment
of the Siemens Stock Awards 2012 and Bonus Awards 2012
(transfer in November 2016) in accordance with Section 23 and
Section 125 of the German Transformation Act (Umwandlungs-
gesetz) due to the spin-off of OSRAM.

To compensate for the forfeiture of stock at her previous em-
ployer, Janina Kugel was granted a special allocation of 3,999
Siemens Stock Awards in February 2014. This commitment arose
out of an entitlement that Janina Kugel had acquired when she
was an employee of Siemens AG before she became a member
of the Managing Board. In February 2018, after expiration of the
four-year restriction period, the Siemens Stock Awards were
settled in the form of cash compensation. The value of these
Siemens Stock Awards is included under “Other.”


--- Page 50 ---

Joe Kaeser Dr. Roland Busch Lisa Davis Klaus Helmrich

President and CEO Managing Board member Managing Board member Managing Board member

2018 2017 2018 207 2018 207 2018 2017
2,162 2,130 1,080 1,065 1,080 1,065 1,080 1,065
115 104 55 55 401 512 44 52
2,277 2,234 1,135 1,120 1,481 1,577 1,124 1,117
2,505 2,639 1,216 1,284 1,180 1,248 1,288 1,284
3,609 4,570 2,205 2,949 0 2,196 3,052
2,800 0 1,577 0 0 0 1,577 0
0 3,542 0 2,024 0) 0 0) 2,024
809 0 628 0 t) 0 619 0

0 1,028 0 925 0 0 0 1,028

0 200 0 129 0 0) 133
8,391 9,643 4,556 5,482 2,661 2,825 4,608 5,586
1,207 1,193 593 622 581 566 593 621
9,597 10,835 5,149 6,104 3,242 3,391 5,201 6,207

Janina Kugel’.*

Cedrik Neike®"°

Michael Sen

Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas

Managing Board member Managing Board member Managing Board member CFO
2018 2017 2018 207 2018 207 2018 2017
1,080 1,011 1,080 533 1,080 533 1,080 1,065
40 40 29 15 510 115 72 69
1,120 1,051 1,109 548 1,590 648 1,152 1,134
1,151 1,144 606 1,252 624 1,216 1,284
0 0 ) 0 775 891
0 0 0 0 0 751 0
0 0 0 0) 0 0) 891
0 0 0 ) 0 24 0
0 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 1,457 1,402 0 0) 39
2,202 3,710 2,556 2,841 1,272 3,143 3,347
593 553 1,214 559 703 596 622
2,795 4,263 3,770 3,400 1,975 3,738 3,969

1

9 of fiscal 2018, Janina Kugel was also entitled
shares from the Share Matching Program,
(see > NOTE 26 in 8.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS). She had acquired this entitlement when she
was an employee of Siemens AG before she became a member
of the Managing Board. The entitlement fell due and was
settled in February 2078. At the time of transfer, the shares
had a value equivalent to €291.37.

To compensate for the forfeiture of stock at his previous
employer, the Supervisory Board granted Cedrik Neike a one-
time amount of €4,200,000 in fiscal 2017. Of this amount, 75%
was awarded in the form of Siemens Phantom Stock Awards
and the remaining 25% as a special pension benefit contribu-
tion. One half of the total amount of these granted Siemens

Phantom Stock Awards fell due and was settled in Septem-
ber 2017. The other half fell due and was settled in Septem-
ber 2018. The value of these Siemens Phantom Stock Awards
depended solely on the performance of Siemens stock and is
included under “Other.”

10 In addition to his role as a member of the Managing Board of
Siemens AG, Cedrik Neike serves as Executive Chairman of the
Board of Directors of Siemens Ltd. China. Of the fixed com-
pensation and payout amount for one-year variable compen-
sation (Bonus) reported here, an amount of €514,725 (2017:
+€222,802) was granted and paid by Siemens Ltd. China and
set off against the remuneration for his Managing Board
activities at Siemens AG. Of the fringe benefits reported here,
an amount of €13,409 (2017: €7,778) was granted and paid

by Siemens Ltd. China. In addition, it has been agreed that,
Siemens AG will offset, as a net amount, any personal tax
burden that, due to Cedrik Neike’s two employment relation-
ships, exceeds the burden that he would incur if he paid tax
solely on the benefits granted to him under his employment
contract with Siemens AG in Germany. Siemens AG will also
offset any burdens due to charges and contributions to social
insurance or comparable statutory systems in China additional
to those he incurs in Germany. To date, no such offset pay-
ments have been made.

Combined Management Report

51


--- Page 51 ---

52

Pension benefit commitments

For fiscal 2018, the members of the Managing Board were
granted contributions under the BSAV totaling €5.4 million
(2017: €5.0 million), based on a resolution of the Supervisory
Board dated November 7, 2018. Of this amount, €0.03 million
(2017: €0.06 million) related to the funding of pension commit-
ments earned prior to transfer to the BSAV.

The contributions under the BSAV are added to the personal pen-
sion accounts each January, following the end of the fiscal year.
Until a beneficiary's date of retirement, his or her pension account
is credited with an annual interest payment (guaranteed interest)
on January 1 of each year. The interest rate is currently 0.90%.

The following table shows individualized details of the contribu-
tions (allocations) under the BSAV for fiscal 2018 as well as the
defined benefit obligations for pension commitments.

(Amounts in €) 2018

Managing Board members
serving as of September 30, 2018

Total
contributions’ for

Defined benefit obligation? for all pension
commitments excluding deferred compensation?

2018 2017

2017

Joe Kaeser 1,210,440 12,970,960
Dr. Roland Busch 604,800 5,121,226
Lisa Davis* 604,800 5,322,537
Klaus Helmrich 604,800 5,714,522
Janina Kugel 604,800 2,157,427
Cedrik Neike 604,800 1,757,258
Michael Sen 604,800 1,239,785
Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 604,800 5,235,121
Total® 5,444,040 4,740,960 39,518,836 33,751,141

The expenses (service cost) recognized in accordance with 3
IFRS in fiscal 2018 for Managing Board members’ entitle-

‘ments under the BSAV in fiscal 2018 amounted to

€5,258,315 (2017: €6,754,665).

The defined benefit obligations reflect one-time special 4
contributions to the BSAV for new appointments from

outside the Company, amounting to €0 (2017: €1,525,000),
therein Cedrik Neike €0 (2017: €1,050,000) and Michael Sen

€0 (2017: €475,000).

In fiscal 2018, former members of the Managing Board and their
surviving dependents received emoluments within the meaning
of Section 314 para.1 No.6 b of the German Commercial Code
totaling €39.9 million (2017: €34.1 million). This figure includes
the lump-sum payment of the pension benefit balance of the
former Managing Board member Peter Loscher.

Combined Management Report

Deferred compensation totals €4,115,237 (2017: €4,001,386),
including €3,694,439 for Joe Kaeser (2017: €3,590,178),
‘€262,606 for Klaus Helmrich (2017: €354,801) and €58,192
for Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas (2017: €56,407).

In accordance with the provisions of the BSAV, benefits to
be paid to Lisa Davis are not in any way secured or funded
through the trust associated with the Company's BSAV plan
or with any other trust. They represent only an unsecured,
unfunded legal obligation on the part of the Company to

pay such benefits in the future under certain conditions,
and the payout will only be made from the Company's
general assets.

Compared to the amounts presented in the 2017 Compen-
sation Report, the total figure for 2017 does not include the
contribution of €298,200 for Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm,
who left the Managing Board on March 31, 2017, nor does
it include his defined benefit obligation of €6,317,937.

The defined benefit obligation (DBO) of all pension commitments
to former members of the Managing Board and their surviving
dependents as of September 30, 2018, amounted to €168.2 mil-
lion (2017: €191.5 million). This figure is included in —> note 17 in
B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Other
No loans or advances from the Company are provided to mem-
bers of the Managing Board.


--- Page 52 ---

A.10.1.3 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION INSTRUMENTS

IN FISCAL 2018

Stock commitments

The following table shows the changes in the balance of the stock
commitments held by Managing Board members in fiscal 2018:

Vested and
Granted settled Forfeited

Balance at beginning of during during during Balance at end of

fiscal 2018 fiscal year'___fiscal year? fiscal year fiscal 2018?

Non-forfeitable Forfeitable _—Forfeitable_ Commitments Non-forfeitable Forfeitable

commitments commitments commitments of Bonus Commitments commitments commitments

of Bonus of Stock of Stock Awards and of Stock of Bonus of Stock

(Amounts in number of units) ‘Awards ‘Awards ‘Awards Stock Awards ‘Awards Awards ‘Awards

Managing Board members

serving as of September 30, 2018

Joe Kaeser 16,206 128,784 22,328 30,833 0) 9,296 127,189

Dr. Roland Busch 10,942 67,749 11,169 18,841 0 5,578 65,441

Lisa Davis 576 65,307 11,169 0 0 576 76,476

Klaus Helmrich 10,111 67,749 11,169 18,764 0 4,824 65,441

Janina Kugel 0 40,965 11,169 3,999 0 0 48,135

Cedrik Neike* 0 19,099 11,169 13,0765 0 t) 17,192

Michael Sen 0) 11,225 11,169 0 0 0 22,394

Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 5,030 60,690 11,169 6,624 0 4,824 65,441

Total 42,865 461,568 100,511 92,137 0 25,098 487,709

‘The fair value as of the grant date for fiscal 2018 was €97.39
per granted share.

For one half of the Siemens Stock Awards 2013, target
attainment depended on the EPS value for the past three
fiscal years and amounted to 118%. For the other half, target
attainment was linked to the performance of Siemens stock
compared to defined competitors during the four-year
restriction period. It amounted to 100%. As a result, the
Siemens Stock Awards 2013 that had already been granted
on the basis of 100% target attainment were settled in the
form of cash compensation, in accordance with plan rules.

3 Amounts also include Stock Awards granted in Novem-
ber 2017 for fiscal 2018. These amounts may further
include Stock Awards received as compensation by the
relevant Managing Board member before joining the
Managing Board

4 The amounts shown include the Stock Awards granted
to Cedrik Neike by Siemens Ltd. China in his capacity as
Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Siemens
Ltd. China.

5. The amount includes the non-forfeitable Siemens Phantom
Stock Awards that Cedrik Neike received to compensate for
the forfeiture of stock at his previous employer. One half of
the total amount of these granted Siemens Phantom Stock
Awards fell due and was settled in September 2017. The
other half fell due and was settled in September 2018. The
value of these Siemens Phantom Stock Awards depended
solely on the performance of Siemens stock.

Combined Management Report

53


--- Page 53 ---

54

Share Ownership Guidelines

The deadlines by which the individual Managing Board mem-
bers must provide first-time proof of adherence to the Siemens
Share Ownership Guidelines vary from member to member,
depending on when he or she was appointed to the Managing
Board. For Managing Board members in office on September 30,
2018, the following table shows the number of Siemens shares
held as of the March 2018 deadline for proving adherence to the
Share Ownership Guidelines. It also shows the number of shares
to be held throughout their terms of office, with a view toward
future deadlines.

Obligations under Share Ownership Guidelines

Required Proven

Percentage Percentage
of base Value’ Number of base Value? Number
compensation’ in€ of shares? compensation’ in€ of shares?

Managing Board members serving
as of September 30, 2018, and required
to show proof as of March 9, 2018

Joe Kaeser

Dr. Roland Busch

Klaus Helmrich

N

Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 2,075,300 17,635 23 : ,006

Total 12,240,056 104,011 14,779,004

1 The amount of the obligation is based on the average base —-2_‘Based on the average Xetra opening price of €117.68 for 3. As of March 9, 2018 (date of proof), including Bonus Awards.
compensation for the four years prior to the respective dates the fourth quarter of 2017 (October ~ December).
of proof.

A.10.1.4 OUTLOOK FOR FISCAL 2019

Changes under Vision 2020+

Due to the strategic realignment of the Siemens Group under
Vision 2020+, a comprehensive review of the compensation pol-
icy is being performed in view of all regulatory requirements.
In addition, implementation of the European Shareholder Rights
Directive can be expected to lead to further legal requirements.
Plans call for submitting the compensation policy to the Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting for approval following implementation of
these statutory provisions.

Combined Management Report

Transfer of the 2014 and 2015 Stock Awards
tranches in November 2018

In November 2015, the target measurement period for Siemens
Stock Awards was shortened by one year in order to be aligned
with prevailing market practice. For the Managing Board,
this change resulted in a one-time transfer of two tranches in
November 2018 (for fiscal years 2014 and 2015).


--- Page 54 ---

A.10.2 Remuneration of
Supervisory Board members

The current remuneration policies for the Supervisory Board
were authorized at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on
January 28, 2014 and have been in effect since fiscal 2014. Details
are set out in Section17 of the Articles of Association of
Siemens AG. The remuneration of the Supervisory Board consists
entirely of fixed compensation; it reflects the responsibilities and
scope of the work of the Supervisory Board members. The Chair-
man and Deputy Chairmen of the Supervisory Board as well as
the Chairmen and members of the Audit Committee, the Chair-
man’s Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Compli-
ance Committee and the Innovation and Finance Committee re-
ceive additional compensation.

Under current rules, the members of the Supervisory Board re-
ceive an annual base compensation of €140,000; the Chairman
of the Supervisory Board receives a base compensation of
€280,000, and each of the Deputy Chairmen receives €220,000.

The members of the Supervisory Board committees receive the
following additional fixed compensation for their committee
work: the Chairman of the Audit Committee receives €160,000,
and each of the other members of the Committee receives
€80,000; the Chairman of the Chairman’s Committee receives
€120,000, and each of the other members of the Committee re-
ceives €80,000; the Chairman of the Compensation Committee
receives €100,000, and each of the other members of the Com-
mittee receives €60,000 (compensation for any work on the
Chairman’s Committee counts toward compensation for work on
the Compensation Committee); the Chairman of the Innovation
and Finance Committee receives €80,000, and each of the other

members of the Committee receives €40,000; the Chairman of
the Compliance Committee receives €80,000, and each of the
other members of the Committee receives €40,000. However, no
additional compensation is paid for work on the Compliance
Committee if a member of that Committee is already entitled to
compensation for work on the Audit Committee.

If a Supervisory Board member does not attend a meeting of the
Supervisory Board, one-third of the aggregate compensation due
to that member is reduced by the percentage of Supervisory
Board meetings not attended by the member in relation to the
total number of Supervisory Board meetings held during the fis-
cal year. In the event of changes in the composition of the Super-
visory Board and/or its committees, compensation is paid on a
pro rata basis, rounding up to the next full month.

In addition, the members of the Supervisory Board are entitled
to receive a fee of €1,500 for each meeting of the Supervisory
Board and its committees that they attend.

The members of the Supervisory Board are reimbursed for out-
of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their duties and
for any value-added taxes to be paid on their remuneration. For
the performance of his duties, the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board is also entitled to an office with secretarial support and the
use of a car service.

No loans or advances from the Company are provided to mem-
bers of the Supervisory Board.

The compensation shown in the following table was determined

for each of the members of the Supervisory Board for fiscal 2018
(individualized disclosure).

Combined Management Report

55


--- Page 55 ---

2018 2017
Additional Additional
Base _compensa- Meeting Base _compensa- Meeting
compen- tionforcom- _ attendance compen- tion forcom- __ attendance

(Amounts in €) sation —_ mittee work fee Total sation mittee work fee Total
Supervisory Board members
serving as of
September 30, 2018
Jim Hagemann Snabe" 245,000 240,000 51,000 536,000 133,333 114,286 31,500 279,119
Birgit Steinborn? 220,000 200,000 57,000 477,000 220,000 200,000 48,000 468,000
Werner Wenning 220,000 140,000 43,500 403,500 220,000 140,000 42,000 402,000
Dr. Werner Brandt? 105,000 120,000 15,000 240,000
Michael Diekmann 140,000 60,000 16,500 216,500 133,333 57,143 13,500 203,976
Dr. Andrea Fehrmann2 105,000 - 7,500 112,500
Reinhard Hahn? 140,000 - 12,000 152,000 140,000 10,500 150,500
Bettina Haller? 140,000 80,000 24,000 244,000 133,333 76,190 21,000 230,524
Robert Kensbock? 140,000 180,000 31,500 351,500 140,000 180,000 31,500 351,500
Harald Kern? 140,000 80,000 24,000 244,000 133,333 76,190 19,500 229,024
Jurgen Kerner? 140,000 200,000 54,000 394,000 140,000 200,000 40,500 380,500
Dr. Nicola Leibinger-Kammiiller 140,000 80,000 28,500 248,500 133,333 76,190 33,000 242,524
Benoit Potier? 105,000 - 7,500 112,500
Dr. Norbert Reithofer 134,167 38,333 16,500 189,000 133,333 38,095 16,500 187,929
Dame Nemat Talaat Shafik? 105,000 - 7,500 112,500
Dr. Nathalie von Siemens 140,000 30,000 15,000 185,000 140,000 10,500 50,5
Michael Sigmund 140,000 - 12,000 152,000 140,000 10,500 150,500
Dorothea Simon?* 140,000 - 12,000 152,000
Matthias Zachert? 105,000 60,000 12,000 177,000
Gunnar Zukunft2? 105,000 - 7,500 112,500
Former members
of the Supervisory Board?
Dr. Gerhard Cromme 93,333 93,333 22,500 209,167 280,000 280,000 57,000 617,000
Olaf Bolduan? 46,667 - 4,500 51,167 140,000 10,500 150,500
Dr. Hans Michael Gaul 46,667 53,333 13,500 113,500 140,000 160,000 34,500 334,500
Gérard Mestrallet 46,667 - 4,500 51,167 140,000 10,500 150,500
Giller Sabanci 46,667 - 4,500 51,167 140,000 10,500 150,500
Sibylle Wankel? 46,667 13,333 7,500 67,500 140,000 40,000 16,500 196,500
Total® 3,175,833 1,668,333 511,500 5,355,667 2,920,000 _1,638,095 468,000 5,026,095

Jim Hagemann Snabe was elected Chaitman of the Supervi-
sory Board, effective at the end of the Annual Shareholders’
Meeting on January 31, 2018.

‘These employee representatives on the Supervisory Board
and the representatives of the trade unions on the Supervi-
sory Board have declared their willingness to transfer their
compensation to the Hans Boeckler Foundation, in accor-
dance with the guidelines of the Confederation of German
Trade Unions (DGB).

3. Dr. Werner Brandt, Dr. Andrea Fehrmann, Benoit Potier, Dame
Nemat Talaat Shafik, Matthias Zachert and Gunnar Zukunft,
were elected members of the Supervisory Board, effective at
the end of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 31,
2018. They succeeded Olaf Bolduan, Dr. Gerhard Cromme,
Dr. Hans Michael Gaul, Gérard Mestrallet, Giller Sabanci and

end of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 31, 2018.

1

Dorothea Simon has been a member of the Supervisory
Board since October 1, 2017. She was initially appointed by

court order for the period until the end of the Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting on January 31, 2078. Pursuant to the
provisions of the German Codetermination Act, she was
elected to the Supervisory Board, effective at the end of the
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 31, 2018.

5. Compared to the amounts reported in the 2017 Compen-
Sibylle Wankel, who left the Supervisory Board, effective at the =

sation Report, this amount does not include compensation
totaling €150,500 for former Supervisory Board member
Hans-Jirgen Hartung.

A.10.3 Other

The Company provides a group insurance policy for Supervisory
and Managing Board members and certain other employees of
the Siemens Group. The policy is taken out for one year at a time
or renewed annually. It covers the personal liability of the insured
in cases of financial loss associated with their activities on behalf

of the Company. The insurance policy for fiscal 2018 includes
a deductible for the members of the Managing Board and the
Supervisory Board that complies with the requirements of the
German Stock Corporation Act and the Code.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 56 ---

A.11 Takeover-relevant information

(pursuant to Sections 289a para. 1 and 315a para. 1 of the German Commercial Code)

and explanatory report

A.11.1 Composition of common stock

As of September 30, 2018, the Company’s common stock totaled
€2.550 billion. The capital stock is divided into 850 million regis-
tered shares of no par value. The shares are fully paid in. All shares
confer the same rights and obligations. The shareholders’ rights
and obligations are governed in detail by the provisions of the
German Stock Corporation Act, in particular by Sections 12, 53a et
seq., 118 et seq. and 186 of the German Stock Corporation Act.

A.11.2 Restrictions on voting rights
or transfer of shares

At the Shareholders’ Meeting, each share of stock has one vote
and accounts for the shareholders’ proportionate share in the
Company’s net income. An exception to this rule applies with
regard to treasury shares held by the Company, which do not
entitle the Company to any rights. Under Section 136 of the Ger-
man Stock Corporation Act the voting right of the affected shares
is excluded by law.

Shares issued to employees worldwide under the employee share
program implemented since the beginning of fiscal 2009, in par-
ticular the Share Matching Plan, are freely transferable unless
applicable local laws provide otherwise. Under the rules of the
program, however, in order to receive one matching share free
of charge for each three shares purchased, participants are re-
quired to hold the shares purchased by them for a vesting period
of several years, during which the participants have to be contin-
uously employed by Siemens AG or another Siemens company.
The right to receive matching shares is forfeited if the purchased
shares are sold, transferred, hedged on, pledged or hypothecated
in any way during the vesting period.

The von Siemens-Vermégensverwaltung GmbH (vSV) has, on a
sustained basis, powers of attorney allowing it to exercise the
voting rights for 9,862,275 shares (as of September 30, 2018) on
behalf of members of the Siemens family. These shares are part
of the total number of shares held by the family’s members. The
powers of attorney are based on an agreement between the vSV
and, among others, members of the Siemens family. The shares
are voted together by vSV, taking into account the proposals of a
family partnership established by the family’s members or of one
of this partnership's governing bodies.

A.11.3 Legislation and provisions of
the Articles of Association applicable
to the appointment and removal

of members of the Managing Board
and governing amendment to the
Articles of Association

The appointment and removal of members of the Managing Board
is subject to the provisions of Sections 84 and 85 of the German
Stock Corporation Act and Section 31 of the German Codetermina-
tion Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz). According to Section 8 para.1
of the Articles of Association, the Managing Board is comprised
of several members, the number of which is determined by the
Supervisory Board.

According to Section 179 of the German Stock Corporation Act,
any amendment to the Articles of Association requires a resolu-
tion of the Shareholders’ Meeting. The authority to adopt purely
formal amendments to the Articles of Association was trans-
ferred to the Supervisory Board under Section 13 para. 2 of the
Articles of Association. In addition, by resolutions of the Share-
holders’ Meetings the Supervisory Board has been authorized to
amend Section 4 of the Articles of Association in accordance
with the utilization of the Authorized and Conditional Capitals,
and after expiration of the then-applicable authorization and
utilization period.

Resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meeting require a simple major-
ity vote, unless a greater majority is required by law. Pursuant to
Section 179 para. 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act, amend-
ments to the Articles of Association require a majority of at least
three-quarters of the capital stock represented at the time of the
casting of the votes, unless another capital majority is prescribed
by the Articles of Association.

A.11.4 Powers of the Managing Board
to issue and repurchase shares

The Managing Board is authorized to increase, with the approval
of the Supervisory Board, the capital stock until January 25, 2021
by up to €90 million through the issuance of up to 30 million
registered shares of no par value against contributions in cash
(Authorized Capital 2016). Subscription rights of existing share-
holders are excluded. The new shares shall be issued under
the condition that they are offered exclusively to employees of
Siemens AG and any of its affiliated companies. To the extent
permitted by law, employee shares may also be issued in such a
manner that the contribution to be paid on such shares is covered
by that part of the annual net income which the Managing Board

Combined Management Report

57


--- Page 57 ---

58

and the Supervisory Board may allocate to other retained earn-
ings under Section 58 para.2 of the German Stock Corpora-
tion Act.

Furthermore, the Managing Board is authorized to increase,
with the approval of the Supervisory Board, the capital stock
until January 27, 2019 by up to €528.6 million through the issu-
ance of up to 176.2 million registered shares of no par value
against cash contributions and/or contributions in kind (Autho-
rized Capital 2014).

As of September 30, 2018, the total unissued authorized capital
of Siemens AG therefore consisted of €618.6 million nominal
that may be issued, with varying terms by issuance, in install-
ments of up to 206.2 million registered shares of no par value.

By resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meetings of January 28, 2014
and January 27, 2015, the Managing Board is authorized to issue
bonds with conversion rights or with warrants attached, or a
combination of these instruments, each entitling the holders to
subscribe to up to 80 million registered shares of Siemens AG of
no par value. Based on these two authorizations, the Company
or consolidated subsidiaries of the Company may issue bonds
until January 27, 2019 and January 26, 2020, respectively, each
in an aggregate principal amount of up to €15 billion. In order to
grant shares of stock to holders/creditors of such convertible
bonds or warrant bonds, the capital stock was conditionally in-
creased by resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meetings 2014 and
2015, each by up to 80 million registered shares of no par value
(Conditional Capitals 2014 and 2015), i.e. in total by up to
€480 million through the issuance of up to 160 million registered
shares of no par value.

The new shares under Authorized Capital 2014 and the afore-
mentioned bonds are to be issued against cash or non-cash con-
tributions. They are, as a matter of principle, to be offered to
shareholders for subscription. The Managing Board is authorized
to exclude, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, subscrip-
tion rights of shareholders in the event of capital increases
against contributions in kind. In the event of capital increases
against contributions in cash, the Managing Board is authorized
to exclude shareholders’ subscription rights with the approval of
the Supervisory Board in the following cases:

> The issue price of the new shares/bonds is not significantly
lower than the stock market price of the Siemens shares al-
ready listed or the theoretical market price of the bonds com-
puted in accordance with generally accepted actuarial meth-
ods (exclusion of subscription rights, limited to 10% of the
capital stock, in accordance with or by mutatis mutandis ap-
plication of Section 186 para. 3 sentence 4 German Stock Cor-
poration Act).

Combined Management Report

> The exclusion is necessary with regard to fractional amounts
resulting from the subscription ratio.

> The exclusion is used to grant holders of conversion or option
rights or conversion or option obligations on Siemens shares
a compensation for the effects of dilution.

The new shares issued or to be issued in exchange for contribu-
tions in cash and in kind and with shareholders’ subscription
rights excluded, may in certain cases be subject to further restric-
tions. This includes, in particular, the restriction that the total
amount of shares issued or to be issued under the Authorized
Capital 2014 or in accordance with the bonds mentioned above
may not exceed 20% of the capital stock. The details of those
restrictions are described in the relevant authorization.

In February 2012, Siemens issued bonds with warrant units with
a volume of US$3 billion. Siemens exchanged the major part of
the warrants issued in 2012 against new warrants in Septem-
ber 2015; for this purpose, Siemens issued new bonds with war-
rants. After redemption of the first tranche with a volume of
US$1.5 billion at maturity in August 2017, the remaining war-
rants correspond to option rights entitling their holders to receive
approximately 11.5 million Siemens shares. The terms and condi-
tions of the warrants enable Siemens to service exercised option
rights using either conditional capital or treasury stock, and also
enable Siemens to buy back the warrants.

The Company may not repurchase its own shares unless so autho-
rized by a resolution duly adopted by the shareholders at a gen-
eral meeting or in other very limited circumstances set forth in the
German Stock Corporation Act. On January 27, 2015, the Share-
holders’ Meeting authorized the Company to acquire until Janu-
ary 26, 2020 up to 10% of its capital stock existing at the date of
adopting the resolution or — if this value is lower — as of the date
on which the authorization is exercised. The aggregate of shares
of stock of Siemens AG repurchased under this authorization and
any other Siemens shares previously acquired and still held in
treasury by the Company or attributable to the Company pursuant
to Sections 71d and 71e of the German Stock Corporation Act may
at no time exceed 10% of the then existing capital stock. Any re-
purchase of Siemens shares shall be accomplished at the discre-
tion of the Managing Board either (1) by acquisition over the stock
exchange or (2) through a public share repurchase offer. The Man-
aging Board is additionally authorized to complete the repurchase
of Siemens shares in accordance with the authorization described
above by using certain derivatives (put and call options, forward
purchases and any combination of these derivatives). In exercis-
ing this authorization, all stock repurchases based on the deriva-
tives are limited to a maximum volume of 5% of Siemens’ capital
stock existing at the date of adopting the resolution at the Share-
holders’ Meeting. A derivative’s term of maturity may not, in any
case, exceed 18 months and must be chosen in such a way that


--- Page 58 ---

the repurchase of Siemens shares upon exercise of the derivative
will take place no later than January 26, 2020.

In addition to selling them over the stock exchange or through a
public sales offer to all shareholders, the Managing Board is au-
thorized by resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting on Janu-
ary 27, 2015 to also use Siemens shares repurchased on the basis
of this or any previously given authorization for every permissible
purpose, in particular as follows: Such Siemens shares may be

> retired

> used in connection with share-based compensation programs
and/or employee share programs of the Company or any of its
affiliated companies and issued to individuals currently or for-
merly employed by the Company or any of its affiliated com-
panies as well as to board members of any of the Company’s
affiliated companies

> offered and transferred, with the approval of the Supervisory
Board, to third parties against non-cash contributions

> sold, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to third parties
against payment in cash if the price at which such Siemens
shares are sold is not significantly lower than the market price
of Siemens stock (exclusion of subscription rights, limited to
10% of the capital stock, by mutatis mutandis application of Sec-
tion 186 para. 3 sentence 4 German Stock Corporation Act) or

> used to service or secure obligations or rights to acquire
Siemens shares arising particularly from or in connection with
convertible bonds or warrant bonds issued by the Company or
any of its consolidated subsidiaries (exclusion of subscription
rights, limited to 10% of the capital stock, by mutatis mutandis
application of Section 186 para. 3 sentence 4 German Stock
Corporation Act).

Furthermore, the Supervisory Board is authorized to use shares
acquired on the basis of this or any previously given authoriza-
tion to meet obligations or rights to acquire Siemens shares that
were or will be agreed with members of the Managing Board
within the framework of rules governing Managing Board com-
pensation.

In November 2015, the Company announced that it would carry
out a share buyback of up to €3 billion in volume within the fol-
lowing up to 36 months. The buyback commenced on Febru-
ary 2, 2016 using the authorizations given by the Annual Share-
holders’ Meeting on January 27, 2015. Under this share buyback
Siemens repurchased 23,688,118 shares by September 30, 2018.
The total consideration paid for these shares amounted to about
€2.632 billion (excluding incidental transaction charges). The
buyback has the exclusive purposes of retirement, of issuing
shares to employees, board members of affiliated companies and
members of the Managing Board of Siemens AG, and of servic-
ing/securing the obligations or rights to acquire Siemens shares

arising particularly from or in connection with convertible bonds
and warrant bonds. As of September 30, 2018, the Company held
39,951,459 shares of stock in treasury.

For details on the authorizations referred to above, especially with
the restrictions to exclude subscription rights and the terms to in-
clude shares when calculating such restrictions, please refer to the
relevant resolution and to Section 4 of the Articles of Association.

A.11.5 Significant agreements which
take effect, alter or terminate upon
a change of control of the Company
following a takeover bid

Siemens AG maintains two lines of credit in an amount of €4 bil-
lion and an amount of US$3 billion, respectively, which provide its
lenders with a right of termination in the event that (1) Siemens AG
becomes a subsidiary of another company or (2) a person or a
group of persons acting in concert acquires effective control over
Siemens AG by being able to exercise decisive influence over its
activities (Art. 3(2) of Council Regulation (EC) 139/2004).

In addition, in March 2013, a consolidated subsidiary as borrower
and Siemens AG as guarantor entered into two bilateral loan
agreements, each of which has been drawn in the full amount of
US$500 million. Each agreement provides its respective lender
with a right of termination in the event that (1) Siemens AG be-
comes a subsidiary of another company or (2) a person or a group
of persons acting in concert acquires effective control over
Siemens AG by being able to exercise decisive influence over its
activities (Art. 3(2) of Council Regulation (EC) 139/2004).

Framework agreements concluded by Siemens AG under Interna-
tional Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. documentation
(ISDA Agreements) grant the counterparty a right of termination
when Siemens AG consolidates with, merges into, or transfers
substantially all its assets to a third party. However, this right of
termination exists only, if (1) the resulting entity’s creditworthi-
ness is materially weaker than Siemens AG's immediately prior to
such event or (2) the resulting entity fails to simultaneously as-
sume Siemens AG's obligations under the ISDA Agreement. Addi-
tionally, some ISDA Agreements grant the counterparty a right of
termination if a third party acquires beneficial ownership of eq-
uity securities that enable it to elect a majority of Siemens AG's
Supervisory Board or otherwise acquire the power to control
Siemens AG's material policy-making decisions and if the credit-
worthiness of Siemens AG is materially weaker than it was imme-
diately prior to such an event. In either situation, ISDA Agree-
ments are designed such that upon termination all outstanding
payment claims documented under them are to be netted.

Combined Management Report

59


--- Page 59 ---

60

In case of a change of control, the terms and conditions of the
remaining warrants issued with the bonds with warrant units in
February 2012 enable their holders to receive a higher number of
Siemens shares in accordance with an adjusted strike price if they
exercise their option rights within a certain period of time after
the change of control. This period of time shall end either (1) not
less than 30 days and no more than 60 days after publication of
the notice of the issuer regarding the change of control, as deter-
mined by the issuer or (2) 30 days after the change of control first
becomes publicly known. The strike price adjustment decreases
depending on the remaining term of the warrants and is deter-
mined in detail in the terms and conditions of the warrants. In
this context, a change of control occurs if control of Siemens AG
is acquired by a person or by persons acting in concert.

A.11.6 Compensation agreements
with members of the Managing
Board or employees in the event
of a takeover bid

In the event of a change of control that results in a substantial
change in the position of a Managing Board member (for exam-
ple, due to a change in corporate strategy or a change in the
Managing Board member's duties and responsibilities), the
member of the Managing Board has the right to terminate his or
her contract with the Company for good cause. A change of con-
trol exists if one or several shareholders acting jointly or in con-
cert acquire a majority of the voting rights in Siemens AG and
exercise a controlling influence, or if Siemens AG becomes a de-
pendent enterprise as a result of entering into an intercompany
agreement within the meaning of Section 291 of the German
Stock Corporation Act, or if Siemens AG is to be merged into an
existing corporation or other entity. If this right of termination is
exercised, the Managing Board member is entitled to a severance
payment in the amount of no more than two years’ compensa-
tion. The calculation of the annual compensation includes not
only the base compensation and the target amount for the bo-
nus, but also the target amount for the stock awards, in each case
based on the most recent completed fiscal year prior to termina-
tion of the contract. The stock-based compensation components
for which a firm commitment already exists will remain unaf-
fected. Additionally, the severance payments cover non-mone-
tary benefits by including an amount of 5% of the total severance
amount. Severance payments will be reduced by 10% as a lump-
sum allowance for discounted values and for income earned else-
where. However, this reduction will apply only to the portion of

Combined Management Report

the severance payment that was calculated without taking ac-
count of the first six months of the remaining term of the Man-
aging Board member's contract. There is no entitlement to a
severance payment if the Managing Board member receives ben-
efits from third parties in connection with a change of control.
A right to terminate the contract does not exist if the change of
control occurs within a period of twelve months prior to a Man-
aging Board member's retirement.

A.11.7 Other takeover-relevant
information

We are not aware of, nor have we during the last fiscal year been
notified of, any shareholder directly or indirectly holding 10% or
more of the voting rights. There are no shares with special rights
conferring powers of control. Shares of stock issued by
Siemens AG to employees under its employee share program
and/or as share-based compensation are transferred directly to
the employees. The beneficiary employees who hold shares of
employee stock may exercise their control rights in the same way
as any other shareholder directly in accordance with applicable
laws and the Articles of Association.
