GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
1.1.

1.2.

Introduction
to the Group

Business sector

The Small Domestic Equipment market
Multiple forms of competition
The professional coffee market

A profitable growth strategy

A strong product innovation dynamic
An unrivaled brand portfolio

A global and diversified presence

A multi-channel distribution strategy
An active acquisition policy

The need for competitiveness

16

16
17
17

19

19
23
23
24
25
26

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 [+5]

1.3.

1.4.

Organization and internal control 29
Organization of internal control and key players 29
Risk factors 36
Risk identification and control process 36
Description of main risk factors and associated

management plans 38
Introduction to the Group
Business sector

1.1. Business sector

THE SMALL DOMESTIC EQUIPMENT MARKET

Over the years, Groupe SEB has forged a leadership position and
is a world leader in Small Domestic Equipment. This sector covers
Cookware and small electrical appliances, accounting respectively
for approximately 35% and 65% of its consumer sales.

The global Small Domestic Equipment market is divided into
many distinct national and regional markets with their own local
consumer cooking, eating and product utilization habits. It also lacks
comprehensive coverage by research panels (primarily GFK) or other
market research bodies. This, at times, makes it difficult to reconcile
industry figures (inclusion of new categories or geographic segments,
for example) in order to produce a global picture of the sector. Based
on the latest available statistics and Group estimates, the size of the
market addressed is currently estimated at approximately €45 billion
for small electrical appliances and €23 billion for Cookware (including
kitchen utensils).

The small electrical appliances market targeted by Groupe SEB
includes several segments varying considerably in size, and ranked
below in decreasing order of their importance in the Group’s revenue:

@ electrical cooking: deep fryers, rice cookers, electrical pressure
cookers, informal meal appliances, waffle makers, grills, toasters,
multicookers...

lm beverage preparation: coffee makers (filter and pod), espresso
machines, electrical kettles, home beer-taps, soy milk makers...

& food preparation: blenders, cooking food processors, kitchen
machines, mixers, beaters...

@ linen care: irons and steam generators, garment steamers...

@ home care: canister vacuum cleaners with or without dust bag,
steam and upright vacuum cleaners, vacuum sweepers, convertible
vacuums...

@ home comfort: fans, heaters, air treatment appliances...
@ personal care: hair care appliances, depilators, bathroom scales...

Groupe SEB has become a world leader in the small electrical
appliance market that it targets. This position is based on number
one rankings in several categories, top-tier positions in others, and a
reinforced presence in new product families.

The cookware and kitchen utensil market breaks down more or
less evenly between the two segments. For cookware (mainly frying
pans, saucepans, stewing pots, pressure cookers, bakeware and oven
dishes) Groupe SEB is the undisputed global leader and is continuing
to expand its product offering by regularly introducing new materials.
The kitchen utensil and accessories market includes, for example,

spatulas, ladles, skimmers, kitchen knives, vacuum flasks and mugs,
food storage boxes and containers, etc. By combining sustained
organic growth and a strategy of industry consolidation, Groupe SEB
now ranks among the top five global players in this segment. However,
its share of this highly fragmented but extremely promising market
remains limited.

At worldwide level and from a long-term perspective, the Small
Domestic Equipment sector has demonstrated its resilience
during periods of crisis and solid growth within a neutral or
positive economic environment. This performance reflects the
combined impact of various factors:

lm Global consumption trends driven by the development of “home-
made” products and a growing interest in health and well-being;

@ moderate but steady growth in most of the mature markets, with a
high installed base, though unevenly spread across product families,
responsiveness to innovation, a robust replacement market and a
trading up trend reflecting demand for more statutory products. At
the same time, the entry-level segment, driven by demand for basic,
low-priced products, has remained steady;

@ overall solid but more volatile growth in emerging markets,
according to the general environment and events. These markets
are experiencing strong demand from first-time buyers and their
buoyant growth is fueled by rising consumption stemming from the
greater purchasing power of a booming middle class, increasing
urbanization and the development of modern retail channels,
particularly e-commerce;

@ the co-existence of “global” products addressing universal needs
or easy to tailor at national levels with a product offering adapted
to the specific lifestyles and consumption habits (particularly in
relation to food) in local markets;

™@ an average sale price of around €60 for a small electrical appliance
in Western Europe, for example, largely affordable by the general
public and requiring no credit or a limited use of credit. Sales are
further boosted by in-store or online traffic, driven by promotional
campaigns within a very competitive market environment;

@ strong seasonality, shared by all market players, largely linked to
the high percentage of products sold during holiday periods or
for special events (back to school, Christmas, Chinese New Year,
Ramadan, Singles’ Day in China, etc.);

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
@ strong contributions for many years from products and solutions
developed in partnership with major consumer goods players, as
for example in the case of single-serve coffee making.

On top of these specific moves, changes in distribution are playing a
crucial role in the emergence of new consumer purchasing behavior:
the rapid development in many countries —- mature and emerging —
of alternative distribution networks, in particular e-commerce, has

MULTIPLE FORMS OF COMPETITION

In a global context, the very nature of the Small Domestic Equipment
market requires a strategy that is both global and local in order to
effectively address the expectations of consumers around the globe.
The expansion of international brands, which can in some cases
be marketed under strong local/regional brands in their domestic
market, falls in line with this two-pronged approach and combines
the benefits of both economies of scale and solid positions in local
markets. On this basis, Groupe SEB is the only player boasting such
broad international reach, supported by a portfolio containing a
wealth of global brands and brands with local leadership positions.
This gives it a strategic advantage versus a very disparate range of
competitors consisting of:

u large global groups, generalists or specialists in one or two
small electrical appliance categories; Philips and Electrolux have
a diversified product offering, while Dyson and Vorwerk focus on
a high-end positioning in a few product segments. These very
international players are joined by Spectrum Brands and Conair,
among others, which mainly roll out their product ranges in Europe
and the US, while Bosch-Siemens and Braun (P&G) are principally
active in Europe. De Longhi completes the list: this major player
in coffee and food preparation is expanding its sectoral and
international presence;

m major Cookware and kitchen utensil manufacturers with a highly
international presence, such as the German companies Fissler and
Zwilling-Staub, the US group Meyer, Tupperware, Rubbermaid
(Newell Brands), Ikea, Oxo (Helen of Troy);

THE PROFESSIONAL COFFEE MARKET

The acquisition of WMF in 2016 represented a great opportunity
for Groupe SEB to enter the highly attractive market of professional
automatic coffee machines for hotels, restaurants, cafés, bakeries
and convenience stores, sometimes in partnership with coffee
roasters. At the same time, it represents a complementary strategic
diversification from the consumer business focused on the Small
Domestic Equipment market.

Professional coffee machines are worth nearly €8 billion globally (2017
data, source: Estin & Co.), €5 billion for equipment and €3 billion
for service activities. Although automatic beverage/coffee vending

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 [:7]

Introduction to the Group
Business sector

profoundly transformed the market, boosting online sales (particularly
for small electrical appliances), sometimes to the detriment of retailers
with a traditional physical presence. As a result, growth in this market is
currently being broadly driven by e-commerce: major online specialists
(pure players like Amazon, Tmall, JD.com, Cnova, etc.) as well as the
websites of initially “physical” retailers (“bricks-and-mortar’” retailers).

™@ groups or companies operating primarily in their domestic
market or a small number of reference markets: Magimix,
Taurus, Imetec, Severin, in particular, in several European countries;
Arcelik in Turkey; Bork and Polaris in Russia; Newell Brands, which
mainly addresses North America, Hamilton Beach Brands and
SharkNinja on the American continent; Mallory, Mondial, Britania
and Tramontina (cookware) in South America; and Panasonic, Midea
and Joyoung in Asia;

@ leading players concentrating on a single product category: in
small electrical appliances with innovative technologies, such as
iRobot (vacuums), or with high-end positioning, such as Jura (coffee
machines); and in cookware, for example the French company Le
Creuset, which specializes in cast iron cookware;

@ private labels or white label goods in large part focused on
aggressively priced entry-level products from Chinese sub-
contractors which, however, have a market share that is weak
overall in terms of small electrical appliances. Conversely, in
Cookware, the Group’s main competitors internationally are often
private labels;

@ finally, certain companies’ activities and brands are present in
both B2B and consumer segments, as in the cases of KitchenAid
(Whirlpool), Magimix (Robot-Coupe), Jura, and Vorwerk, for
example.

Generally speaking, in both small electrical appliances and Cookware,
competition is intense and has been reinforced by additional pressure
on prices exerted by retailers in order to maintain or boost traffic in
stores in response to strong momentum in e-commerce.

machines make up most of the equipment, the filter coffee segment
represents around 10% of the global market (excluding services) and
the specific segment of full-automatic espresso machines around 25%
of the total equipment market.

Through its two brands, WMF and Schaerer, Groupe SEB is the
world leader in the highly concentrated market of full-automatic
espresso machines, in which Franke, Thermoplan and Melitta are also
international benchmark players. Cimbali, Rancilio (Egro brand) and
Jura also hold strong positions in specific segments.
Introduction to the Group
Business sector

The automatic espresso machines market is characterized by
solid momentum in sales, led by marked growth in out-of-home
consumption of specialty and premium coffees. A solidly growing core
business is regularly boosted by significant equipment or machine
replacement contracts with major fast food chains, convenience stores
or service stations, which has an accelerator effect on growth but also
creates volatility.

Through the acquisition of Wilbur Curtis in the United States in early
2019, the Group has also gained a foothold in the professional filter
coffee segment — a mature market with regular growth — which is still
a major coffee consumption benchmark in the US, with trends moving
towards the premium segment, led by the younger generation. Wilbur
Curtis’ recognized expertise, its very broad customer portfolio and its
huge US presence have made it the number two in the professional US
filter coffee segment, with around one-quarter of the market.

In general terms, the professional coffee machine market is diversifying
in terms of offering, meeting a demand that is both wider (extension
of coffee ranges offered) and more specific (increased customization).
Demand is therefore now often for a dual filter/espresso machine.
Against this background, all the machines rely on cutting-edge
technology to guarantee fully automatic preparation and stable quality
to produce a good cup of coffee, every time. They are also increasingly
connected, to optimize customer relations, enable provisional
maintenance operations, manage a fleet of machines and organize
marketing events (happy hours, drink of the day, etc.).

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

1.2. A profitable growth strategy

On the one hand, Groupe SEB’s expansion is based on a strategy of steady organic growth, driven by a strong
product innovation policy, a global presence, an unrivaled brand portfolio within the industry and a capacity to work
with all distribution channels. On the other hand, it relies on a constant search for competitiveness, which is achieved
via a complete manufacturing base and a rigorous and responsible purchasing policy.

A STRONG PRODUCT INNOVATION DYNAMIC

Innovation is firmly rooted in the Group’s values and is a key driver of development and differentiation. It gives the Group the leading edge
required to stay ahead of the competition and fight commoditization. The Group uses innovation to offer new products, designs, or differentiated
marketing approaches. This provides real added value for consumers, allowing Groupe SEB to stand out in an effective way and thus strengthen
its positioning and conquer new markets.

1857 1944 1954 1972

Creation of a tin-plating The company takes the name The first Tefal non-stick First Tefal waffle maker

workshop in Selongey in the S.E.B. (Société d’Emboutissage pan and the first Calor with removable non-stick

Burgundy region, France de Bourgogne) steam iron plates

O O O O O O O O

1932 1953 1967 1978
First hand-crank food mill Launch of the Super Cocotte Seb invents the odorless First Tefal
by Moulinex pressure cooker, which was electric fryer raclette grill

to give rise to the Seb brand

1994
1996 Seb Clipso pressure cooker 1981
Arno self-cleaning with innovative opening First Calor
2004 blender mechanism electronic
Repelente anti-mosquito Dymbo compact vacuum iron
fan by Arno cleaner by Rowenta
O O O O O O O O
2006 2000 1995 1990
Actifry, “low-fat” fryer Thermospot by Tefal Pots and pans with Ingenio Aquagliss iron with
with only a spoonful of oil (heat indicator integrated removable handles by Tefal anti-limescale cartridges
in the nonstick surface)
2018
201 2 Smart Force range, robot vacuum cleaners
, . “Yacuum Nutrition Plus” Blender from Supor
Cookeo multicooker by Moulinex, 2014 Cake Factory, home cake-making machine
Freemove cordless iron, and ial hip with the Click
Steampod, the professional Cookeo Connect, cumercia pariners ine witt 4 e Clic d
hair-straightening solution, the connected version Grow company, leader in indoor gardens
in partnership with LOréal of Cookeo
O O O O O O
2007 2013 2017
Silence Force vacuum Cuisine Companion, the first cooking Air Force 360, the all-in-one cordless handstick
cleaner by Rowenta food processor by Moulinex and Optigrill, versatile vacuum cleaner

the intelligent grill Body Partner by Tefal, the connected scale

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

A LONG-TIME COMMITMENT

The Group’s history is one of continual innovations and breakthroughs
incorporating unique concepts, new features and ingenious
discoveries. These innovations have been reflected in tangible
advances in the everyday life of consumers. Iconic products, such as
the Seb pressure cooker or the Moulinex hand-crank food mill, paved
the way for the first electrical appliances in the 1950s and 1960s:
irons, coffee grinders, the Charlotte and Marie multi-purpose food
processors, etc. The design of products making everyday life easier
and eliminating tedious tasks continued to develop at a faster pace in
the 1960s and 1970s with new steam irons, vacuum cleaners, kitchen
machines and the launch by Seb of odorless deep fryers. The 1970s
and 1980s marked the arrival of more sophisticated functions with
the introduction of many electronically enhanced products: bathroom
scales, programmable coffee machines, etc. This era also saw the
emergence of new lifestyles, reflected in the launch of user-friendly
appliances such as the raclette grill and home espresso coffee makers.
In the decade from 1990 to 2000, both Groupe SEB and Moulinex
brought new simplicity to the world of small electrical appliances,
including pressure cookers with simplified closing mechanisms,
removable handles for frying pans and saucepans, compact vacuum
cleaners with triangular-shaped heads, coffee makers incorporating
doser-grinders, frying pans with a visual heat indicator, food processors
including storage systems, etc.

In recent years, there has been a new acceleration in the product
offering renewal process through:

lm the Group’s partnerships, developed since 2006 with leading food
industry operators, giving it access to product categories such as
pod coffee machines and home beer-tapping machines;

@ the introduction of several innovative products, in response to
new consumer expectations (nutrition and health, homemade,
convenience, well-being, etc.), often leading to major commercial
success: the Actifry fryer with only a spoonful of oil, smart appliances
(Cookeo, Optigrill), the Cuisine Companion cooking food processor
or recently the Silence Force Cyclonic and Silence Force Extreme
vacuum cleaners which combine power with very low noise levels,

the Air Force 460 versatile handstick vacuum, the Clean and Steam
vacuum cleaner, the Access Steam portable garment steamers, the
Ixeo all-in-one ironing solutions (ironing and steaming combined
with an adjustable, portable ironing board); or the Cake Factory
(first home cake-making machine — LSA Innovation Award 2018).

@ the introduction of new product features such as the pure Ultimate
lron in 2018, which features the new patented micro-limescale filter
(filters limescale particles as the steam is diffused) or the first silent
high-speed blender from Supor.

Innovations are now largely based on digital technology, with the
development of connected products to improve consumers’ daily
lives, plus associated services offered as part of a global ecosystem,
such as cooking recipes updated on a mobile app. Groupe SEB’s
new connected devices aim to provide more customization, efficiency
and immediacy. The most recent launches include: Cookeo Connect
by Moulinex (recipe creation monitoring and guidance from tablet or
mobile), i-Companion (connected version of the Cuisine Companion
cooking food processor by Moulinex), Cooking Connect by Tefal
(connected kitchen scales), Body Partner by Tefal (connected
bathroom scales) or the Intense Pure Air range of connected air
purifiers (remote management and checking of interior air quality in
the home).

Through these product/application pairings, the Group now brings
together a community of over 5 million members. The acquisition of
750g International in November 2018 will reinforce this community
even further, with increased expertise in digital cooking. 750g
International is a publisher of cooking websites and services in
Germany, Spain, Italy, Portugal, Brazil, the USA and the UK. With a
community of 10 million Facebook fans, 450,000 members and 5,000
bloggers, it focuses on several key sectors: digital content publishing
technologies, a portfolio of 90,000 recipes in five languages, and
several related services (printed recipe books or content creation on
digital platforms).

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
A VIRTUOUS STRATEGY

INNOVATION
ro;

PROFITABLE VALUE
GROWTH CREATION
for the Group for retailers

Ww INNOVATION
POLICY

KS

Customer
SATISFACTION
AND LOYALTY

Groupe SEB’s innovation strategy is consistent with a pragmatic
approach to creation of the product offering; the launch of new
products is the result of in-depth analysis of consumer needs (both
expressed and latent needs), the invention of breakthrough concepts,
the use of new technologies and the creation of differentiating or one-
of-a-kind designs. For Groupe SEB, innovation is part of a virtuous
circle: as a creator of value for customers/retailers and a source
of progress and satisfaction for consumers, it generates profitable
growth, making it possible to reinvest in innovation to restart the cycle.

In 2017, in order to accelerate new product development and launches,
Groupe SEB decided to set up a Global Innovation Hub for the small
electrical appliance business in Ecully, France. Around 230 employees
from the marketing and research teams now work on a single site.
In addition, the Rumilly site (France) is still the Global Innovation
Center for the Cookware business: to accelerate developments in
the coatings and materials sector, at the end of 2018 it gained a new
tool, inaugurating the joint Research Laboratory built in partnership
with University Claude Bernard Lyon 1 and the CNRS (French National
Center for Scientific Research).

The Group also plans to involve all its staff in its innovation strategy.
It has therefore structured relations within its innovation community
of 1,400 employees, using collaborative tools that make it possible
to promote the sharing of knowledge and best practices. The All
innovators challenge is the cornerstone of this process; its purpose
is to enable everyone to see their ideas become a reality, inventing
the world of the future. Following a pilot in 2017, a new challenge
was launched in France at the end of 2018: 476 applications were
submitted, 63 were shortlisted and 5 winners will see their projects
become reality.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 [2+]

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

This approach is also open to external partners. In 2013, the Group
launched an open site for innovators, Innovate with Groupe SEB,
targeting inventors, scientists, researchers and designers who want
to propose an innovation to the Group. The site offers three ways
of working together: propose an invention, join the Groupe SEB
innovation network or take part in challenges based around themes set
by the Group. The SEB&You community launched in December 2015
also directly involves consumers in the innovation process, inviting
them to test new concepts or areas of innovation. This community has
grown rapidly since late 2015, to 3,800 members, and 2,140 products
have been tested.

At the same time, the Group has developed partnerships with
universities, schools, engineering firms, testing laboratories, research
institutes and other companies with which it cooperates on major
projects. Collaboration with these research networks allow it to
accelerate its innovation process, expand its scope of intervention and
benefit from additional tools and expertise in a broad range of fields
(materials, information and communications technologies, electrical
engineering, food sciences and technologies, etc.). Examples include
projects in the field of health and nutrition, such as Nutrition-Santé-
Longévité, Vitagora and Q@limed. The Group also contributes to better
living and general health as an EIT Knowledge Innovation Community
member and is a major stakeholder in France and international
markets within the FoodTech ecosystem that seeks to anticipate
new food-related trends. In association with many other companies
specialized in different sectors (food industry, consumer goods, digital
transition, etc.), the Group takes part in these projects by designing
and marketing connected objects, developing a culinary platform with
Orange, launching an online cooking platform (www.foodle.fr) and
developing partnerships with both large groups and startups.

Lastly, inspired by the idea of fab labs (labs dedicated to creativity and
materialization), Groupe SEB now has a SEBLab at the headquarters,
on the Ecully campus, gathering the various tools conducive to new
product creation. This space for experimentation brings together
mixed teams (marketing, research, design, internal and external
experts) to work on the same project in short sessions (four days
on average): the aim is to shorten the innovation cycle for certain
products and identify the potential of new ideas more quickly. A new
SEBLab was opened in 2018 at EMSA's production site in Emsdetten
(Germany). This should reinforce EMSA’s role as a Groupe SEB skills
center for food storage (storage containers), vacuum mugs and jugs.
Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

MAJOR INVESTMENTS IN INNOVATION:
€247 MILLION IN 2018

Each year, the Group invests significant amounts in strategic
marketing, R&D, product design and range optimization in order to
better target consumer expectations, enabling it to stand out as one of
the most innovative players in its industry. In 2018, gross investment in
R&D excluding CIR (research tax credit) and capitalization amounted
to €144 million (€138 million in 2017). Investment in strategic marketing
stood at €103 million (compared with €97 million in 2017). The R&D
teams have been significantly strengthened over the last few years, in
terms of both employee numbers and employee qualifications, with the
hiring of highly specialized engineers, for instance. These specialists
bring expertise in cutting-edge fields such as coatings and materials,
connected products, batteries, motors, food processing, sensors, etc.

SEB ALLIANCE: FINANCING AND PARTNERING
WITH INNOVATIVE START-UPS

In May 2011, the Group created an investment company, SEB Alliance,
to improve its technology monitoring system by investing in innovative,
technology-focused companies in areas such as connected home
and digital applications, robotics, well-being and population aging,
and reducing the environmental footprint.

In this context, SEB Alliance favors acquiring initial minority stakes. SEB
Alliance has invested directly in around 10 companies since it was
created, in areas that are consistent with Groupe SEB’s strategic areas
for innovation and could result in consumer applications, such as:

@ digital/Big Data, with Alkemics, a specialist in product data
exchange between brands and retailers;

@ beauty/health with Feeligreen, a developer of active and passive
patch technologies for cosmetic and therapeutic applications;

lm the Internet of Things with SeniorAdom (telecare that enables
people with reduced mobility to remain at home) and Lumi (home
automation products) or robotic connected products with RobArt
(smart navigation solutions);

@ air purification with Ethera, which offers solutions to measure and
purify indoor air;

@ water filtration with Memtech, offering filtration solutions based on
an innovative membrane technology;

& foodtech with Click & Grow, which develops solutions for indoor
vegetable gardens.

These companies provide technological “bricks” that the Group can
use to accelerate in certain areas of innovation. For example, the
collaboration with Ethera has resulted in the creation of a new range
of air purifiers (Intense Pure Air by Rowenta); and, more recently, the
new range of robot vacuum cleaners by Rowenta has been launched,
incorporating RobArt navigation technology.

In order to further expand the scope of its watch and its ecosystem (in
the United States, in China and in very specific sectors), SEB Alliance
has also forged strategic partnerships with four innovation investment
funds (Cathay Innovation, Technocom 2/Innovacom, Xange Digital 3,
ARAC 3/Kreaxi) that the company may accompany in co-investment.

SINCE 2011

SEB B ALLIANCE
4 PARTNER FUNDS *

Cem

INNOVACOM

®kreaxi

* SEB Alliance is a strategic financial
investor in these funds

Shared technology

Watch

R&D collaboration
International scope
of which Europe,
the US and China

3 main target sectors

Digital and connected home
Wellbeing and population ageing
Reducing the environmental footprint

IN 2018

>2,000

accessible application forms

62 financed companies"

1 3 direct investments

49 indirect investments

' At end December 2018

R&D ana Business
Collaboration

Prototypes and studies
Co-development
Commercial partnerships

[z2] GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
AN UNRIVALED BRAND PORTFOLIO

The Group has a portfolio of 30 brands, the largest in its industry,
which is a powerful asset in its strategy of profitable growth. This multi-
brand strategy gives it both broad and deep coverage of its markets.

Each brand has a clearly defined identity that is expressed through its
product selection, functionalities and the look of its products, or its
communication platform. There are three main sub-groups:

m Consumer brands that are very well known and whose coverage
is global (Tefal, Rowenta, Moulinex and Krups) or regional (Arno in
Brazil, Supor in China, Imusa in Colombia, and Seb and Calor in
France). These brands’ coverage may vary greatly depending on
the product family; from specialist brands (such as Moulinex and
Krups in small electrical appliances and Cookware, and Rowenta
in non-cookware electrics for example) to more general brands
(Tefal and Supor).

m& Premium brands (WMF, Lagostina, All-Clad and Silit), distributed
through selective channels. These are managed in a specific way,
guaranteeing strong, uniform expression of their identity and values
(communication, design, pricing policy, etc.).

m@ BtoB brands (WMF, Schaerer and Hepp) are only sold BtoB to
professionals. In February 2019, Wilbur Curtis joined these BtoB
brands.

A GLOBAL AND DIVERSIFIED PRESENCE

Over the last 40 years, the Group has successfully developed strong
positions across all continents with a commercial presence in nearly
150 countries as a result of an expansion strategy combining internal
growth with acquisitions. It has leading positions in Western Europe,
Central Europe, Russia, Turkey, China, Japan, Colombia, Mexico, etc.

The Group’s strong local presence is due to the relevance of its offering
and its capacity to adapt to the needs of different markets. Its global
presence enables it to seize opportunities for profitable growth in
the various countries in which it has a presence, and to diversify
its exposure to different economies. In 2018, 56% of its sales were
generated in mature countries and 44% in emerging countries.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 [23]

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

The Group’s digitization strategy is fully integrated with the positioning
and communication of these brands in their markets. In this context,
the global Consumer brands have overhauled their platforms,
websites and social networks in order to be perfectly in line with their
target consumers. This project, which was launched in 2015, is now
completed and the new brand platforms are fully operational.

In addition to the management of its brand portfolio, the Group
pursues a strategy of partnerships to develop new concepts and
step up its sales through the co-branding of two high-profile brands.
Accounting for between 5% and 10% of revenue, these partnerships
are major drivers of innovation and growth for the Group. Joint
development agreements have also been signed with major names in
the food industry, such as Nestlé for Nespresso and Dolce Gusto, and
Heineken for BeerTender and The SUB, and in the cosmetics industry,
such as L’Oréal for Steampod. Some partnerships also impart image,
associating our products with other brands or organizations (WWF,
etc.), with licensing agreements with brands such as the Elite modeling
agency (Rowenta), or with endorsement contracts, like cookware lines
are developed in collaboration with renowned chefs such as Jamie
Oliver (Tefal) or Thomas Keller (with All-Clad in the United States).

DISTRIBUTION OF SALES IN 2018

Other Asian countries

9%

Chi ,

—— \ Western
° €6,812m fh... hue

+7.8% LFL 41%

South America

5%

North Ameri . A Other EMEA countries

10% °
Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

A MULTI-CHANNEL DISTRIBUTION STRATEGY

The Group works with an extremely large and diverse network of
distributors, giving it a decisive competitive edge. It develops
constructive long-term relationships with customers on the basis of
the most extensive product offering on the market and with strong
brands, which are vectors of growth and profitability for each of the
parties.

The network mainly comprises mass food retailers, specialist retailers
as well as convenience stores or groups of independents, which are
still overweighted in most emerging markets. The percentage of online
sales continues to grow rapidly (around one quarter of revenue in
2018), driven by both e-commerce specialists (pure players) and
bricks-and-mortar retailers, including specialist brands, as they ramp
up their online presence (Click & Mortar).

In addition, the Group also has a network of stores, either directly
operated or under franchise, numbering more than 1,300 at the end
of 2018: their positioning may be multi-brand (Home & Cook and Tefal
Shops) or mono-brand (Supor Lifestores and, more recently, WMF).
This network, which is the Group’s biggest customer, represents
nearly 7% of total consolidated revenue, but its contribution may
exceed more than 20% in some countries (e.g. Turkey and Japan).
This network allows the Group to better understand consumer
expectations, to adjust offers to market trends and to optimize
marketing with our distribution partners.

CONSUMER SALES BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL

10% } Mass retail

Group retail 21%

7%

Traditional

i ee, Ja Specialists
19%

Online*

25%

(Group's estimates

* Pure players and Click & Mortar at 31 December 2018)

Customer relations is one of the Group’s core concerns and it seeks
operational excellence both in the supply chain, to guarantee the best
levels of service, and in-store, to ensure that its products are promoted
on its customers’ shelves and websites. This approach is supported by
investment in marketing and advertising, which has been significantly
strengthened in recent years, amounting to around €430 million in
2017 and 2018. The objectives remain as follows:

@ further strengthen brand and product recognition through
advertising;

@ continue to roll out the best in-store execution through category
management, effective merchandising, the creation of dedicated
shop-in-shops and promotional events;

@ guide and support the launch of new products;

lB accelerate digital marketing (brand websites, digital campaigns, data

marketing, etc.) and support the ramp up of e-commerce sales: our
media investments in 2018 were more than 40% digital.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
AN ACTIVE ACQUISITION POLICY

1968

Acquisition of Tefal and

its European subsidiaries
(Germany, Belgium,
Denmark, Netherlands, Italy)

1973

1972

Acquisition of Calor

2011

Acquisition of Imusa in Colombia and Asia
Fan in Vietnam

Acquisition of a majority shareholding
in the Indian company, Maharaja Whiteline

Creation of the SEB Alliance investment fund

Acquisition of an additional 20% capital
interest in Supor

2005

2007

Acquisition of a majority
shareholding in the Chinese
company, Supor

2016

Capital stake in Supor increased to 81%

Acauisition in Germany of EMSA,
the kitchen utensil and accessory specialist

Acquisition of WMF, the world leader
in professional automatic coffee machines
and leader in cookware in Germany

2015

Acquisition of the
Scandinavian company,
OBH Nordica

Acquisitions complement the Group’s organic growth strategy. As
an operator in the Small Domestic Equipment market, which is still
highly fragmented, the Group has positioned itself as the industry
consolidator in recent years and its many acquisitions have enabled it
to achieve leadership status in many countries and product categories.

In addition to accurately identifying the target company and having
the necessary financial capacity, external growth requires an ability
to integrate new acquisitions effectively and to generate synergies.
Groupe SEB has built up considerable experience over the years in
integrating new acquisitions. Following the takeover of Moulinex-Krups

Creation of Groupe SEB

Acquisitions of the Brazilian
company, Panex, and the
Italian company, Lagostina

2017

Acauisition of the Swiss company,
Swizzz Prozzz, which specializes
in mini hand choppers

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

1988

Acquisition of the German
company, Rowenta

1975

Initial public offering of SEB S.A.

1997-98

Acquisitions of the
Brazilian company, Arno,
and the Colombian
company, Volmo
(Samurai brand)

0 0 °
2004 2001
Acquisition of All-Clad, Moulinex-Krups
a high-end cookware takeover

specialist in the United
States

2018

Creation of Groupe SEB Egypt Zahran, 55%
owned by Groupe SEB and 45% by Zahran

Acquisition of 750g International, publisher
of cooking websites and services

2019

Acquisition of Wilbur Curtis,
number two in professional
filter coffee machines in the
United States

in 2001-2002 after it filed for bankruptcy, it acquired All-Clad in the
United States in 2004, Panex in Brazil and Lagostina in Italy in 2005,
and a controlling interest in China-based Supor in late 2007. The latter
stood out because of the major challenges it presented (geographical
and cultural remoteness, language barrier, more complex integration,
coordination of communications between two listed companies, etc.).
Subsequently, the Group increased its controlling interest in several
stages (+20% in December 2011, +1.6% in January 2015, and +7.91%
in June 2016) bringing our current holding up to 81.18%.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

Furthermore, in February 2011, the Group acquired Imusa, a
Colombian cookware company. In May 2011, it took control of a
Vietnamese company — Asia Fan - specializing in the production
and sale of fans, and in December, it acquired a 55% stake in an
Indian company — Maharaja Whiteline — specializing in small electrical
appliances. In 2014, it announced the acquisition of the remaining
shares of Maharaja Whiteline and Asia Fan. In 2015, it acquired
OBH Nordica, a major operator in small electrical appliances in the
Scandinavian markets.

2016 marked a new stage for the Group with two strategic acquisitions
in Germany in May.

The Group first acquired EMSA, specialized in the design,
manufacturing and distribution of kitchen utensils and accessories.
EMSA is a well-known brand in German-speaking countries and is the
market leader in thermoware and food storage containers in Germany.
It is also present in the rest of Europe and the Middle East.

The Group then acquired WMF, a German industrial flagship with two
major business lines: coffee machines and hotel equipment, as well
as consumer equipment (cookware and small electrical appliances).
Through this strategic acquisition, Groupe SEB:

@ acquired a solid worldwide leadership in the very attractive
professional automatic espresso machines market characterized
by strong growth, high profitability and significant recurring revenue
reflecting important contributions from after-sales operations;

THE NEED FOR COMPETITIVENESS

This vital element to all industrial groups is complementary to
growth. The Group’s competitiveness is based on a powerful and
versatile manufacturing base, continuous improvement of industrial
productivity, optimization of purchasing and supply chain and
continual simplification of structures and processes.

A POWERFUL AND VERSATILE
MANUFACTURING BASE

Throughout the world, the Group’s manufacturing base is set to
respond to market characteristics:

@ European manufacturing targets mainly mature markets. French
and European plants are dedicated to products for which the
Group is a market leader. To this end, the Group takes advantage of
technological barriers in relation to product concepts or processes;

@ manufacturing in emerging markets focuses on the needs of these
markets and, for mature markets, on products for which the Group
wishes to retain control of its specific technologies (concerning
products and processes);

@ outsourcing production for basic products or those for which the
Group lacks a strong leadership position or as part of partnership
arrangements.

™@ considerably strengthened its position in the cookware segment
by becoming the leader in Germany, with, in particular, a high-end
stainless steel product offering;

™ gave a further boost to its development, following EMSA’s
acquisition, in the key kitchen utensils and accessories market;

& consolidated its portfolio by adding strong new brands including the
iconic WMF as well as Schaerer, Silit, Kaiser, and Hepp;

™ accessed a network of 200 proprietary retail outlets in Germany,
providing a powerful vehicle for promoting its image and sales.

In 2017, the Group continued its expansion in kitchen utensils with
the acquisition of Swiss company Swizzz Prozzz, a specialist in mini
hand choppers. 2018 was notable for two operations: firstly, the launch
of a joint venture with our long-term local partner in Egypt, Groupe
SEB Egypt Zahran, 55%-owned by the Group and 45% by Zahran;
secondly, the acquisition of 750g International, which publishes
cooking services websites, thus opening up new opportunities for
the Group’s digital approach.

In February 2019, the Group announced the acquisition of the US
specialist in professional filter coffee machines, Wilbur Curtis, number
two in the market, bringing a solid complementary range of products,
prices, customers and territorial coverage to WMF-Schaerer’s footprint
in automatic espresso machines in the United States.

Following the acquisition of Wilbur Curtis in early 2019, the Group’s
production facilities include 41 industrial sites, producing around 65%
of the products sold by the Group worldwide. The other 35% are
outsourced, in particular in China.

DISTRIBUTION OF SALES PRODUCTION
AT THE END OF DECEMBER 2018

0
5% ‘
ee Re
28%
Outsourced
products
35%
vnndSta
31%

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
The Group’s industrial strategy aims to best serve markets by
continuously improving competitive performance and quality over
the long term.

The Group’s industrial competitiveness comes from its edge as a
designer of products, especially through its centers of expertise and
technological centers:

@ the centers of product expertise bring together the specific expertise
in research and development, industrialization and production for a
given product category;

@ the technological centers reinforce the centers of product expertise
through their knowledge of key technologies in relation to materials,
plastics, and electronics.

At relevant sites, project platforms foster collaboration between
marketing teams and centers of industrial expertise in the development
of the product offering. This makes it possible to promote the
concept of the “technical basis” to standardize sub-assemblies and
components, in order to be more responsive to customer demand.

To ensure and optimize the competitiveness of its manufacturing base,
the Group continues to adapt its factories, taking account of economic
market realities by adjusting production volumes or rescaling sites,
transferring operations from one entity to another, refitting sites, strict
control of manufacturing costs, refocusing production and outsourcing
according to needs.

In 2016, the Group undertook a significant reorganization of its
industrial facilities in Brazil, combining the Brazilian production
activities of Mooca and Sao Bernardo do Campo within a single, newly
constructed industrial site at Itatiaia in the state of Rio de Janeiro.
The small electrical appliances plant at Mooca, in the heart of the
S&o Paulo megalopolis, was suffering from productivity levels below
Group standards as well as major logistical limitations. The same was
true of the Sao Bernardo site (cookware), which was suffering from a
lack of competitiveness.

The new plant in Itatiaiais located in a fast-growing industrial area
with a design that is fully in line with all of the Group’s industrial and
environmental standards. A new logistics center is located nearby,
which is helping to optimize customer service across Brazil’s entire
South Region. The transfer of operations took place in several phases
and generally went very well and within the time allowed, for the small
electrical appliances segment. However, it was much more difficult and
much slower for cookware, delaying the ramping up of production,
with significant impacts on sales in 2018.

In February 2018, the Group also announced the transfer of the linen
care plastics activity from the historical Saint Jean de Bournay site to
the linen care assembly site in Pont-Evéque. This project, requiring an
investment of around €15 million, is currently underway and should
be completed in spring 2020 with the transfer of equipment and staff,
all of whom will keep their jobs. The project is intended to increase
productivity by shortening flows, improve flexibility by bringing
together the production teams on a single site, thus making them
more versatile, and finally improve working conditions, in a modern,
high-performance production environment.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 [27]

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

CONTINUAL OPTIMIZATION OF INDUSTRIAL
PRODUCTIVITY

In early 2013, the Group introduced the PCO (Product Cost
Optimization) project which aims to reduce the cost price of current
products, optimize the future product offering, and increase perceived
value. The approach consists in applying a method for analyzing
products and taking into account consumer concerns by involving
experts (R&D, marketing, design, manufacturing, etc.) as part of
multidisciplinary group workshops, to challenge existing solutions
and invent new ones.

In parallel, the global industrial and operational excellence program,
OPS (Opération Performance SEB), launched in 2011, continued to roll
out “fundamentals” (5S, TPM, etc.) to achieve further improvements
in the productivity of the Group’s sites. This practical program of
continuous performance improvement:

lf links health and performance in all Group improvement projects;

Bf involves all hierarchical levels (managers, technicians, operators)
and all departments;

m aims to share best practices, so as to build a real Group
manufacturing culture;

— results in a common language with the aim of promoting a Group
spirit;

@ is reflected in a single, scalable framework resulting from a fully
collaborative approach.

Since its launch, the OPS program has enabled the Group to ensure
a high level of quality in both its processes and its products. The
commitment of the new sites acquired by the Group to incorporating
these principles is a highly effective way of introducing a shared global
approach of excellence and continuous performance improvement. In
China, this has helped with the ramp-up of the Supor Shaoxing site,
which is the Group’s largest small electrical appliance site.

Now in its mature phase, the OPS project has now entered phase
2, which aims to involve and grow the teams beyond the scope of
industrial activities and maintenance: it now covers logistics, human
resources, control and purchasing.

Focusing on the involvement and empowerment of teams across all
areas of the value chain, the program now relies on a matrix: health
and safety, quality, cost, time, involvement and environment. For each
business, maturity grids by process were developed according to 5
levels. These grids, which were updated and evaluated in 2017, were
rolled out across all sites in 2018, with a dual objective: standardize
measurement approaches and improve performance and, by the end
of 2019, achieve the level of maturity required for all businesses to
enter the Industry of the Future.
Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

This entry into the Industry of the Future will allow us to take yet
another step in terms of industrial and logistic performance in order
to improve our response to the needs of our customers. Digitizing
the processes from our suppliers to our customers will accelerate the
transmission of information, improve responsiveness for greater agility
and efficiency. The digitization of our OPS production system through
a monitoring system will make performance even more visible thanks
to the information gathered in real time, and allow to better empower
our operators who will have the right information, at the right time,
to react quickly. Finally, the systematic analysis of data will allow us
to launch preventive and predictive actions to increase the utilization
rates of equipment, as well as the quality of our products.

For Groupe SEB, the Industry of the Future program relies on
technological projects or building blocks:

m@ Supervision and MES (Manufacturing Execution System) for visual
and dynamic management of the performance;

@ Data analysis (maintenance and quality): descriptive, diagnostic,
preventive, predictive;

@ product-process human-machine interface, automation,
collaborative robots, industrial loT;

@ Monitoring and optimization of our energy consumption;

m@ Our customers’ planning process to our suppliers, with predictive
tools to improve forecasts;

@ New logistical capabilities thanks to digitization in order to improve
the customer experience during delivery.

These projects were entrusted to pilots chosen for their expertise and
having the means to explore and implement concrete solutions. The
pragmatic approach uses test and learn mode by experimenting with
new approaches through POC (Proof of Concept). Once the solution
is validated, it can easily be standardized and deployed at a low cost.

One of the key projects, involving both the industrial and information
systems teams, is the establishment of a futuristic factory model using
supervisory and data processing systems to improve the quality, the
traceability, the availability of the means of production, the anticipation
of breakdowns, but also to optimize energy consumption. The Group
will also develop new automation models, using collaborative robots
(cobots) and auto-guided vehicles (AGV) to reduce the difficulty of
tasks, and finally, augmented reality systems will be tested to help
operators achieve their goals and to gain performance.

All these improvement plans are systematically supported by the
Group’s approach to health and safety, as safety of personnel in the
workplace is a key priority for the Group. A three-year plan has been
launched in this regard, with the aim of steadily decreasing the number
of workplace accidents. This plan must enable the Group to cut by
half the number of accidents at the end of this period. For further
details, refer to Chapter 3 on Corporate, Social and Environmental
Responsibility on pages 141 to 144.

Another key component of the Group’s competitiveness is Planning and
Logistics, which is managed on a global level with the aim of improving
the service to our customers and ensuring their satisfaction while
optimizing our finished product stocks. To achieve this, the Group has
deployed a transversal and collaborative S&OP (Sales and Operating
Planning) process, from sales forecasting in market companies to
capacity planning, production and delivery to the customer. In parallel,
a supply chain optimization project was launched, as well as a Supply
Chain School to develop our dedicated teams’ skills.

A RIGOROUS AND RESPONSIBLE
PURCHASING POLICY

Purchasing combines both production procurement, which covers
requirements for materials (metals, plastics, paper/cardboard
packaging, etc.) and components (parts, sub-assemblies, etc.) for
manufacturing, non-production purchasing (transport and logistics,
services, information systems, travel, etc.) and purchases of sourced
finished products. Generally speaking, and for a number of years,
purchases have increasingly been managed at Group level, through
a panel of approved suppliers and the use of shared global product
family platforms making it possible to consolidate volumes and
standardize materials and components. This approach makes it
possible to optimize negotiations (on price, quality, on-time delivery,
etc.) and to develop pooled procurement offering greater flexibility
between manufacturing sites and increased synergies within the
Group.

The Group’s direct spend policy is based on the best possible balance
of cost, quality and availability, by seeking out and selecting the most
competitive suppliers at the same time as introducing suppliers to the
Group’s approach to innovation and its required quality standards.
Amongst other things, this policy makes it possible to establish and
maintain a real partnership with the best-performing suppliers and
to closely involve them in the improvement process and the Group’s
objectives in terms of competitiveness. In 2018, the panel of direct
suppliers for manufacturing supplies comprised 440 suppliers (463 in
2017) with global purchasing coverage of 70% (compared with 72%
in 2017).

Non-production purchases continue to follow the same process aimed
at better qualifying approved suppliers and building an across-the-
board Group purchasing methodology with a panel of approved
suppliers representing 37% of non-production purchases (identical
to 2017). The purchasing office team undertakes to cover a very broad
range of expenditures and an increasingly large international scope for
sourcing. Calls for tender are launched on a regular basis and cross-
functional teams thoroughly rework our specifications to optimize
purchasing in new fields.

For sourced finished products, the organizational set-up strengthens
purchasing quality processes by ensuring technical and methodological
assistance from Group teams for suppliers. At the same time, it
demonstrates the Group’s desire for upstream integration of suppliers
in the product development processes in order to foster greater
fluidity in creating the product offering. The Group has thus ranked
its finished-goods suppliers according to three categories, based on
its strategic goals, performance criteria (e.g., timeliness, quality, costs)
and social and environmental responsibility (environmental impact,
respect for human rights, etc.), namely: (i) preferred suppliers; (ii)
recommended suppliers; and (iii) non-recommended suppliers. In
2018, 65 companies represented 80% of purchases.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

1.3. Organization and internal control

The nature of Groupe SEB’s business and its large international
presence opens up significant development opportunities, but also
exposes it to various types of internal and external risks. These risks
may adversely affect the Group’s results, financial position or assets,
or have consequences for its various stakeholders — consumers,
employees, shareholders, customers, suppliers, partners, the local
ecosystem (public authorities and civil societies), etc. The Group
implements a range of measures to identify risks and measure their
potential impacts and probability of occurrence. These risks are then
managed according to risk control plans that are regularly reviewed
and involve the players concerned in the Group’s various departments.
As with any control system, however, it cannot provide an absolute
guarantee that all risks are fully controlled or eliminated.

The scope of application of internal control and risk management
procedures encompasses all of the Group’s companies and employees,
from governance bodies to individual employees. The operational and

functional management structures are responsible for implementing
these procedures.

Groupe SEB is an international entity, organized primarily into
geographical zones by continent, each with their own ranges of
products to sell. In addition, operations are managed by activity,
covering a group of product lines and trademarks. Lastly, functional
management supports operations transversally across all of the
Group’s businesses. The primary aim of this functional management
is to ensure that activities are consistent and effective and to oversee
the control functions (e.g. by means of financial standards, IT tools,
quality rules, etc.).

The Group’s conduct and operational processes are based on two
key documents: the Group’s Code of Ethics and the Internal Control
Manual, which sets out what is expected of employees.

ORGANIZATION OF INTERNAL CONTROL AND KEY PLAYERS

The key control activities are identified within the functional departments described below, which report directly to a member of the Group

Executive Committee.

ORGANIZATION OF CONTROL AND KEY PLAYERS

Group Executive Committee (COMEX)

Audit and Internal

Legal department
Control department

Financial Communication
and Investor Relations
department

Group Controlling
department

Personnel
Administration
department

Health and Safety
department

Information Systems
department

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018

Finance and Treasury
department

Accounting and
Tax department

Sustainable Development
department

Purchasing department

Quality and Environment
department

Supply Chain
department
Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

Audit and Internal Control department

Legal department

The Audit and Internal Control department is tasked with evaluating
compliance with the Group’s internal rules and procedures, detecting
non-compliance with local legislation and ensuring that Group assets
are protected. This department is also required to evaluate the efficient
conduct of operations and to ensure that business risks are anticipated
and mitigated.

To achieve this, the Audit and Internal Control department is focused on

three parallel activities:

& Defining and rolling out internal control procedures (“Internal Control
Manual”). This document covers all of the Group’s control processes. It
is circulated to all the Group’s entities once a year, and the Audit team
carries out an annual update to reflect changes in operations, regulations
and management systems.

& The implementation of a multi-year audit plan, based on a prioritization
of the entities to be covered according to several parameters: assessment
of the level of risk (size of the subsidiary, geography, information system,
etc.); frequency of audit coverage; and lastly, the rating of the most recent
audit. The plan is approved by the Audit Committee each year. In 2018,
the audit team covered 30 Group entities (including 9 WMF entities) and
carried out 23 audit follow-up missions.

& Coordination and oversight of risk mapping. The Group’s risk map
is updated every year using the process described on p. 36 “Risk
identification and control process”.

The Group’s audit team comprised 13 auditors as at 31 December 2018.

The role of the Group Legal department is to ensure

compliance with legal and regulatory requirements in

the various countries, to protect the Group’s assets (and
particularly its intellectual assets) and businesses, and to
protect the interests of the Group.

Its main tasks are based on the following activities:

Legal support for operations, regarding all types of
regulations, drawing up and updating standard contracts
(purchase of goods and services, terms of sale, promotional
operations, etc.), oversight of legal firms consulted, pre-
litigation and litigation management, defense strategy for
intellectual creations, protection of industrial property titles
(trademarks and trade dress in particular), and legal watch;

& Coordination of the Group’s insurance program,
described in detail on p. 51 “Insurance”, allowing for an
appropriate insurance program for the Group’s activities;

& Participation in the Group’s acquisition strategy:
preparatory agreements, merger control, contract
negotiation, and post-acquisition restructuring. The Legal
department also helps to implement integration processes
within Groupe SEB.

Financial Communication and Investor Relations
department

Finance and Treasury department

The Financial Communication and Investor Relations department works
closely with the other departments within the Finance Function, with
the operational, functional and continental management structures,
and with the Sustainable Development and Corporate Communications
departments, in order to carry out two key tasks related to the status of
SEB S.A. as a listed company:

& Development and implementation of the Group’s financial communication.
This communication takes place according to a specific timetable and in
compliance with the regulatory framework (AMF*, ESMA*, etc.), ensuring
in particular the dissemination of clear, accurate, precise and true financial
information, as well as conformity to the principles of equal treatment of
investors and consistency of information. * French and European stock
market authorities. The documents and materials produced, published
and circulated (Registration Document, Convening Notice, press releases,
Analyst and Investor presentations, etc.) undergo a structured production
process and are prepared in close collaboration with the Group’s various
functions. They are reviewed by concerned business Managers and finally
approved by the Executive Committee. The Financial Communication
department, in conjunction with the Legal department, coordinates the
MAR (Market Abuse Regulation) Committee described on p. 34.

ug Identification of the shareholder base and investor relations
throughout the year, through physical or telephone conferences,
roadshows, analyst/investor days or individual meetings. These exchanges
are intended to give the market information about the Group’s strategy,
performance and outlook, and to maintain and fuel interest in the stock.
In 2018, nearly 45 events were organized (roadshows, conferences, site
visits), leading to more than 590 contacts.

All the Group’s financial information is constantly updated and is available
on the website at www.groupeseb.com.

The Group’s Finance and Treasury department is tasked
with ensuring the liquidity of Group operations, the security,
transparency and efficiency of treasury and finance
operations, and hedging against all financial risks. Its areas
of work are as follows:

m Managing financial resources, to ensure the Group’s liquidity;
m& Managing and securing cash flows (cash management);

@ Quantifying and hedging against financial risks (particularly
currency, interest rates and raw materials risks);

& Monitoring relations with banks;
g Financing projects, particularly acquisitions;

lm Overseeing strategies for hedging customer risk.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

Group Controlling department

Accounting and Tax department

The Group Controlling department coordinates budget planning and
control, using a handbook of management procedures and rules
applicable to all entities, including Group budgeting, re-projections and
management reporting methods.

Its key oversight responsibilities are as follows:

= Budgeting process. Guidelines and recommendations are circulated
to the various entities for budgeting purposes. The Group Controlling
department consolidates and oversees the various budgetary adjustments
before a budget is approved by the Executive Committee and the Board
of Directors.

m Re-projections: throughout the year, as the Group’s activities evolve,
the Group Controlling department alerts the Executive Committee in the
event of a deviation from the budget, quantifies the impact of corrective
measures and coordinates re-projections at key times during the year.
These are then consolidated and approved at the Executive Committee
level.

m Reporting and analysis: every month, to enable effective Group oversight,
the Group Controlling department consolidates all information from a
single, centralized management tool to establish dashboards for the
Executive Committee and Group management. The dashboards include
appropriate analyses of significant deviations and trends.

The Accounting and Tax department is responsible for
ensuring that the Group’s accounting principles and
standards are compliant with commonly accepted
international accounting standards. It defines the Group’s
accounting standards and oversees their distribution
and application, particularly through training courses. It
is responsible for preparing the Group’s Consolidated
Financial Statements and closes the Group’s Financial
Statements, in collaboration with the entities, in a timely
manner.

The Group Accounting and Tax department oversees and
coordinates the Shared Service Centers for Accounting and
Management Services. These entities, in France, Poland,
Germany, the United States, and China, help improve the
Group’s internal control system through the sharing of bes
practices and standardization of procedures, and through
the positive effect of the work of the Shared Service Centers
on the division of tasks.
The Group Accounting and Tax department also ensures
compliance with tax regulations and obligations in al
countries where the Group operates, by (i) monitoring tax
inspections carried out by tax authorities in all of the Group’s
entities, (ii) ensuring consistency in the tax procedures used
by the entities, and (iii) liaising with tax consultants to verify
that the Group’s main activities are compliant with curren
legislation.

Sustainable Development department

The Sustainable Development department drives and coordinates the
sustainable development policy. It documents and rolls out short- and
medium-term action plans, in line with the Group’s priority criteria, in each
division and on every continent, thus promoting appropriate conduct. It
is supported by a dedicated Steering Committee, described on p. 34.
In addition, the Sustainable Development department is responsible
for the content of the Group’s Code of Ethics and ensures that it is
properly circulated and understood in all the entities. As the principles
of the Code of Ethics are included in the Internal Control Manual, the
ethical compliance of our subsidiaries is regularly checked on site by the
internal audit teams. Conformity to the values mentioned in the Code of
Ethics does not stop with the company: the Sustainable Development
department also monitors the application of these principles by suppliers,
by means of a Responsible Purchasing Charter, which is circulated to
and signed by all its partners, and regular outsourced audits. This last
measure is fully in keeping with our action plans for compliance with the
“SAPIN Il” and “Duty of Vigilance” laws.

Each of the Group’s plants is organized to prevent any
pollution (of air, water, or soil) or environmental accidents
and to reduce its carbon and environmental impact
(particularly in terms of energy, water, and waste). To
achieve this, each plant complies with local environmental
regulations as well as standards shared by all Group sites.
The regulations, and changes in them, are monitored locally
by Health, Safety and Environment coordinators. Measures
to assess risks, prevent pollution and reduce environmental
impact are implemented locally and coordinated at Group
head office: a dedicated staff member is responsible for
setting environmental goals and defining shared standards.
The Sustainable Development department also ensures the
implementation of performance indicators, which are then
monitored and consolidated.

Environmental risk is overseen by a dedicated Group
team which regularly monitors changes in regulations and
transcribes these regulations into the Group’s standards.
The processes are then rolled out to the plants.

As part of its compliance policy, the Sustainable
Development department appoints an external service
provider to audit the Group’s industrial sites in countries
presenting ethical, social and environmental risks.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 [s+]
Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

Personnel Administration department

Purchasing department

The Group had 32,690 employees in its workforce at 31 December 2018,
divided between more than 100 operational entities worldwide. The
Personnel Administration department is responsible for ensuring the
consistency of personnel management processes. It is organized around
the following main areas:

& Definition of personnel management rules applicable to all of the
Group’s businesses, in line with local regulations: management of
working time and leave, business expenses, tools available to personnel
(computers, telephones, cars, etc.), and the payroll process (checks,
approval, and security).

& Rollout and oversight of a single personnel management tool at Group
level, in accordance with local personal data protection regulations.
This includes the administrative process related to employee entry,
performance monitoring, and exit;

m Management of the Shared Service Center dedicated to payroll for all
French entities, ensuring the division of tasks and a strict level of control.
The Personnel Administration department also reviews the standard
processes for setting up outsourced payroll management.

& Safety of people: the Personnel Administration department is responsible
for drawing up safety rules, particularly in countries identified as risky
(Ministry of Foreign Affairs) and coordinates the monitoring of traveling
employees with an external partner to ensure their safety.

The scope of the Purchasing department includes the
purchasing of components and raw materials required to
manufacture products, purchases of finished products, and
indirect purchases. The scale of the financial flows involved
means that the Purchasing department is central to the
Group’s internal control process:

& Centralized purchasing management in France and Asia
to be close to our suppliers. This oversight begins with
the implementation of strict rules on how to manage
purchases (calls for tenders, purchase requests, approvals,
etc.).

m Oversight of suppliers, including through performance
indicators and reviews and audits of suppliers, relating not
only to operational aspects (quality, supply chain, etc.) but
also responsibility and ethical, social and environmental
compliance, in partnership with the Sustainable Development
department.

@ Monitoring purchasing performance: establishing
purchasing strategies, objectives and analyses to optimize
efficiency and strengthen control.

Quality & Environment department

Supply Chain department

Improving the quality of its products and processes has always
been a central concern for Groupe SEB. Groupe SEB uses a Quality
Management System (QMS), a key pillar of any business, implemented
through a shared tool available on the Group Intranet.

This system includes all the procedures, tools and methods relating to

the Group’s key processes:

m Management procedures with the definition of Group policy, strategic
planning, continuous quality improvement, and safeguarding of the
environment;

& Operational processes including strategic marketing, R&D, sales and
marketing, customer order processing and production;

& Operational support functions, covering human resources, information
systems, purchasing, finance, after-sales service, and customer
assistance.

Monthly reporting allows the Quality department to accurately track
key indicators and adjust its actions.

The distribution of the Group’s businesses across all
continents requires constant optimization of the production
sites, of logistics, of flows and procurement. The Supply
Chain department’s task is to meet these needs while
securing processes:

u Review of our industrial footprint and global deployment
of our OPS program, which allows us to guarantee a high
level of quality both in our processes and in our products,
in an approach of excellence and continuous improvement
of the performance.

@ Definition and rolling out of stock management procedures
that apply to all the Group’s warehouses, outsourced or
not, including: receipt and dispatch management process,
inventory management process, security requirements at
storage sites.

m Oversight of product flows: definition and optimization
of product flows (with a view to improving the flexibility of
industrial sites) in line with international regulations and in
compliance with customs regulations.

[sz] GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

Information Systems department

Health and Safety department

Groupe SEB’s information systems are designed to guarantee the
security, integrity, availability and traceability of information.

Several priority areas within the Information Systems department help to
improve the Group’s control environment, including:

& Operational tools (ERP, business software, office automation,
communication, etc.): The Information Systems department oversees
operations for the Group’s tools and participates in an Information
Systems Steering Committee, described on p. 34.

m Network architecture: the Information Systems department ensures the
consistency, availability, and integrity of the Group’s networks.

& Security of information systems and personal data protection: a Chief
Information Security Officer (CISO) oversees the Group’s key indicators,
monitors the implementation of security rules in projects, and takes the
necessary information, awareness and risk prevention measures. This
activity is supported by an Information Systems Security Committee
(described on p. 34). With regard to personal data protection requirements,
the CISO works with the Legal and Personnel Administration departments:
this cross-functional organization is described on p. 43 (“Information
systems and personal data protection”).

& Digital applications: The Information Systems department ensures the
implementation of software components and infrastructure to ensure the
quality, security and availability of the service provided to consumers:
downloadable applications on mobile phones and tablets to facilitate the
use of connected products and give access to digital content, photos,
recipes, etc.

Industrial activity has been a central part of the Group’s
activities since its creation. The health and safety of people
working at the sites is a top priority and the responsibility of
all Group employees. It is coordinated by the Group Health
and Safety department.

The oversight of the health and the safety of people is based on
six key points which are continually emphasized at all our sites:

& positioning health and safety at the management level;

@ focusing on one objective, monitored with indicators at site
and Group level;

@ highlighting each accident or serious incident;

@ sharing the same level of skills and requirements, based on
shared standards;

™@ feedback on events and potential adaptation of best
practices;

@ acting promptly on any recorded non-compliance to address
it rapidly.

m A cross-functional Strategic Health/Safety Committee is
described on p. 34.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 [ss]
Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

Alongside these departments overseeing the Group’s control activities, Committees have been set up spanning various control topics. These
Committees meet two to four times a year and involve managers from the aforementioned departments. Each are responsible for identifying, in
their respective areas, any situations requiring action at the central level (regulatory changes, evolution of the market context, etc.). In this case,
each Committee will report to the Group Executive Committee.

GROUP EXCECUTIVE COMMITTEE (COMEX)

Thierry de La Tour d’Artaise Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Stanislas de Gramont Chief Operating Officer
Vincent Léonard Senior Executive Vice-president, Finance

Harry Touret Senior Executive Vice-president, Human Ressources
Alain Leroy Executive Vice-president, Industrial Operations
Philippe Crevoisier Executive Vice-president, Products and Innovation
Cyril Buxtorf Executive Vice-president, EMEA

Luc Gaudemard Executive Vice-president, Americas

Vincent Tai Executive Vice-president, Asia

Compliance Committee

Information Systems
Security Committee

@ Audit and Internal Control department

m Legal department & Information Systems department

m Human Resources department @ Audit and Internal Control department

m Sustainable Development department m Human Resources department

@ Finance and Treasury department

Sustainable Development Steering Committee

MAR (Market Abuse Regulation) Committee

m Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

& Chief Operating Officer

@ Senior Executive Vice-president, Finance

@ Legal department

@ Financial Communication and Investor Relations department

Information Systems
Steering Committee

& Information Systems department

lm Continental departments

@ Products & Innovation department

lm General Finance department

m General Human Resources department

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018

lm Sustainable Development department
@ Audit and Internal Control department
m@ Human Resources department

@ Quality & Environment department

m@ Research department

@ Brands department

@ Marketing department

@ Sales department

m@ Strategy department

@ Legal department

m Customer Satisfaction department

@ Industrial department

@ Purchasing department

Health and Safety Committee

@ Senior Executive Vice-president, Human Resources
@ President, Group Industry

@ Group Safety department

@ Directors of Industrial Activities

In particular, the Compliance Committee implements measures relating
to recent regulatory developments. A cross-functional action plan
involving several Group departments has been drawn up to address
the requirements of the SAPIN II law and the Duty of Vigilance law
relating to parent companies and principals.

This action plan focuses on the following key points, most of which
are already in place:

@ Code of Ethics;

@ internal whistle-blowing system;

@ risk mapping, corruption and suppliers;

@ customer and supplier assessment procedures;

@ internal and external accounting control procedures;

@ training system;

@ disciplinary system;

@ system of control and internal assessment of measures.

Lastly, to ensure efficient overall management, Groupe SEB relies
on the decentralization of operational responsibilities and clearly

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 [ss]

Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

defined rules of operation and delegation. It also benefits from a well-
established corporate culture, rooted in shared fundamental human
values that foster an ethical working environment: Entrepreneurial
drive, Passion for innovation, Professionalism, Group spirit, and
Respect for people.

Groupe SEB has been a signatory of the Global Compact since 2003
and supports the values set out in this document, promoting them
throughout the company. The Group Human Resources department
states in its guiding principles: “The Group is a community of men and
women who share the same objectives and values”.

The Code of Ethics, published in September 2012, serves as the
frame of reference for Groupe SEB’s values and standards. It defines
individual and collective rules of conduct to guide the actions and
inspire the decisions of each employee. It is supplemented by a
whistle-blowing system that allows any employee to report a serious
violation of the Code of Ethics.

More details on the whistle-blowing system are provided in Chapter 3.2
page 121.
Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

1.4. Risk factors

RISK IDENTIFICATION AND CONTROL PROCESS

The risk identification and control process is an ongoing process
incorporated within the Group’s operations. In order to provide
comprehensive information, the various stages of collecting
and processing information were defined as follows: operational
approach, Group approach at Executive Committee level and, finally,
consolidation by key theme.

COLLECTION OF OPERATIONAL RISKS

Operational risks are identified and reviewed annually by means of
data collection grids sent to all entity managers (sales subsidiaries,
factories, Shared Service Centers) and to all function managers.
Questionnaires are partially guided (based on the usual risk typologies)
and partially open to ensure the broadest possible range of information.

The questionnaires are then consolidated by the Audit and Internal
Control department to identify the main issues by theme.

High impact

FINANCIAL IMPACT

Low impact
Less impact

For each of these risks, the risk management action plan is reviewed
by the Executive Committee twice a year: an assessment of what has
been achieved during the past year and an action plan for the year
to come; plus a mid-year review to ensure that the various topics are
being monitored and executed properly.

DEGREE 2

PROBABILITY OF OCCURRENCE

On the basis of this consolidation, each function director meets
individually with the Audit and Internal Control Director so as to assess
thoroughly the main risks and associated risk management plans.

CONSOLIDATION AT GROUP LEVEL

An annual working meeting is held with the Executive Committee
members on the basis of the above elements. This meeting covers
all the information from the operational collection as well as those
stemming from the previous year’s risk mapping. Each risk is reviewed
in detail, to evaluate how it has evolved and its relevance in terms
of both potential financial impact for the Group and probability of
occurrence.

For each residual risk, after taking mitigation measures into account, a
degree of exposure is defined, with level 1 corresponding to the risks
to which the Group is least exposed, and level 3 to the risks to which
the Group is most exposed.

More probable

Lastly, the review of the Group’s risk mapping activity is included as
a specific agenda item at an annual meeting of the Audit Committee
(review of methodology, risks, their assessment by Group management
and the associated action plans).

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

CONSOLIDATION BY THEME

When the information relating to potential risks for the Group has been collected and analyzed, the Audit and Internal Control department
consolidates it by key theme for circulation to the Group’s various stakeholders.

® RISKS INVOLVING EXTRA-FINANCIAL ISSUES (DESCRIBED IN CHAPTER 3, “CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY”) i

Strategic risks

Degree 2 Degree 3

@ Digital transformation m Sector concentration
m Evolution of distribution
channels
= Industrial competitiveness Operational risks
m= Development of product
offering Degree 1 Degree 2
= Development of m image and reputation
information systems m Integration of new
operations
m Product partnerships
m= Consumer loyalty programs
= Information systems

Legal risks

Degree 1 Degree 2
@ Internal and external fraud m Compliance
g Intellectual property = Corruption (§)
= Personal Data Protection
m Human Rights ()
@ Litigation

Industrial and environmental risks

Degree 1 Degree 2

™ Climate Change ©) = Business continuity and

m Product quality and risks | dependence of suppliers
related to product m Supply chain and
liability seasonality

m Personal safety m Health, Safety and

Financial and Market risks Environment (©)

Degree 1 Degree 2

m@ Shares m Fluctuations in currencies
= Country default and raw materials
m Debt, liquidity and

interest rates

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018 [=7]
Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

DESCRIPTION OF MAIN RISK FACTORS AND ASSOCIATED MANAGEMENT PLANS

1.4.1. STRATEGIC RISKS

SECTOR CONCENTRATION RISK

Description of risk

The Small Domestic Equipment market is still fragmented on a global
level, particularly in certain sectors/geographic areas. There is a risk
that one of our competitors will become active in consolidating the
sector through acquisitions and therefore strengthen its positions
in the relevant markets to the detriment of Groupe SEB, whether in
small electrical appliances, cookware or the BtoB market (coffee in
particular).

Management of risk

& This risk can also be seen as an opportunity for the Group, which
keeps an active watch on the different markets it operates in, by
identifying players who could become acquisition targets. This
watch prioritizes the most strategic sectors/geographic areas.

EVOLUTION OF DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS RISK

Description of risk

The retail sector has undergone major changes in recent years, which
have had repercussions on the Group’s business: the emergence and
rapid growth of e-commerce specialists have profoundly changed the
business environment.

Although the Specialists channel has been able to develop its online
sales through Click & Mortar in consumer electronics, some of the
Group’s long-standing customers, mainly traditional retailers in mature
markets, have not yet completed their transformation to adapt to this
trend.

This transition phase can have a significant impact on footfall in stores,
and on stock levels, and may be accompanied by financial difficulties:
arbitrage within the portfolio of products sold, limited restocking, plans
for store closures or even bankruptcies in the most extreme cases.

This profound change in distribution could negatively rebound on
the Group in terms of revenue and/or market share, leading to non-
recovery of debts if some customers default.

@ As aresult, over the decades, Groupe SEB has pursued an active
acquisition policy, which has been implemented over the last five
years with targeted acquisitions offering complementarity in terms
of products (EMSA in 2016, Swizzz Prozzz in 2018), geographic
areas (OBH Nordica in 2015) or business sectors (WMF in 2016,
750g International in 2018, Wilbur Curtis in 2019).

To ensure this policy is a success and continue its role as a market
consolidator, the Group is committed to maintaining a healthy
financial situation, focused on reducing borrowings through solid
generation of cashflow. This has been particularly evident since the
acquisition of WMF in 2016, following which the Group set itself
targets for reducing financial leverage.

Management of risk

@ The adaptation of commercial approaches to changes in the retail
sector is a central pillar of our business plan. Many of our customers
are long-term partners with whom we are keen to maintain a solid,
trustworthy business relationship.

m At the same time, our sales teams in the various markets are
watching out for all these changes and are constantly adapting
the sales policy to ensure product availability by diversifying the
distribution circuits.

lm One of the objectives of the sales teams is to achieve consistent
growth in market share, regardless of whether the distribution
channel is offline or online.

@ With regard to customer credit risk, the geographical distribution
and diversity of activities (cookware, small electrical appliances
and now professional coffee machines) as well as the variety and
multiplicity of the Group’s distribution networks limit the risk and
probability of major impact at consolidated level. In addition to
customer diversification (no customer representing more than 5%
of consolidated revenue), the Group has obtained insurance cover
which considerably limits the risk of claims. At 31 December 2018,
most of the Group’s subsidiaries were covered by insurance on
trade receivables that would apply in the event of non-recovery.
Additional information is provided in Notes 16 and 26.4 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

RISK ASSOCIATED WITH INDUSTRIAL COMPETITIVENESS

Description of risk

Changes in raw material prices, currencies and production costs,
combined with demand and product supply, can create vulnerabilities
to the Group’s competitiveness and industrial structure. Similarly, our
ability to optimise the productivity of our manufacturing base and
the management of our industrial investment is a key element for
the Group.

Management of risk

m@ As amanufacturing company, Groupe SEB constantly has to decide
between internal or outsourced production. Against this background,
around two-thirds of the Group’s products are manufactured
internally, particularly products with a high technological value,
while more commonplace products are outsourced.

@ For internal production, our local and central/cross-functional
manufacturing teams continuously strive to improve the
competitiveness of our sites, specifically through the rollout of
the continuous improvement program such as OPS (Operation
Performance SEB) and PCO (Product Cost Optimization). Each
Group site therefore improves its manufacturing indicators to
maintain an appropriate level of competitiveness.

@ In parallel, the production teams have put in place an industrial
flexibility program using diverse technological platforms (kettles,
blenders, deep fryers, etc.) to improve our responsiveness
and adaptability to market need, as well as to potential rapid
developments in market conditions (currencies, customs fees, raw
materials, etc.).

RISK ASSOCIATED WITH CHANGES IN PRODUCT OFFERING

Description of risk

The product life cycle has become shorter in recent years and agile
players have emerged with short-lived product offerings (even mono-
products) delivered through an innovative marketing and distribution
approach, a phenomenon that is in tune with new consumer trends
and rapid technological developments, especially “digital” products,
connected products and related services.

These changes could have an impact on our sales and market share
in the relevant sectors.

Management of risk

m@ Our product teams are continually improving our agility in the
product development process, to shorten the time to market of
product innovations.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018

@ They continually carry out active competitive intelligence on
innovations and consumer trends, to feed into discussions on how
to develop our product offering.

& In addition to a strong innovation policy, the Group has anticipated
these developments and focused on digitization in recent years.
Innovations are now largely based on digital technology, with the
development of connected products to improve consumers’ daily
lives, plus associated services as part of a global ecosystem (e.g.
cooking recipes updated on mobile app).

m& Competitive intelligence also feeds into discussions on the Group’s
potential acquisition targets. This was the mindset that led to the
Group’s acquisition of 750g International in 2018, aimed at enriching
its digital ecosystem and boosting the international appeal of its
brands.
Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

RISK ASSOCIATED WITH DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION

Description of risk Management of risk

New information technologies are considerably changing purchasing lm To respond to these deep-seated structural changes, the Group’s
habits and methods of communication, rapidly increasing the amount digital transformation relies specifically on:

of information to be processed and resulting in more personalized m Teams of “digital native” specialists.

relationships with consumers. At the same time, these developments
are generating new approaches to our business relationship with our
customers (management of logistics, sales planning, for example).
These developments represent a potential risk to sales.

= An active solution to all aspects of digital transformation

(e-commerce, connected objects, digital ecosystems, GDPR)
by developing new products and services, creating digital
platforms, developing the personal data management process
and transforming communication tools.

@ In correlation with product offering and distribution channel
developments, dedicated teams ensure that the approaches used
respond to customer and consumer expectations.

& The Information Systems department also performs a continuous
technological watch on technology developments and the impact/
potential benefits for the Group, making recommendations to Group
management to implement these developments.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
1.4.2. OPERATIONAL RISKS

IMAGE AND REPUTATIONAL RISK

Description of risk

Groupe SEB is renowned for its 30 brands, its unique know-how and
specific production methods, and for its products sold throughout
the world. The reputation of our brands is based on the quality and
exclusivity of our products and their distribution methods, as well as
on the communication and promotion policies that we implement.
Products or a communication policy that is inappropriate to the image
of the brands, improper conduct by the Group’s brand ambassadors,
employees, distributors or suppliers, as well as the circulation of
damaging information in the media could affect the brand’s reputation,
have an adverse effect on sales or negatively impact the brands’
valuation on the balance sheet (over €1 billion at 31 December 2018).

In an environment where information circulates more and more rapidly
(through news sites, instant messaging, social networks, etc.), any
information with negative connotations may have an impact on the
Group’s image, at the level of a country, a region, or even globally, with
repercussions on sales, income or its share price. These situations
may arise due to information that is well-founded or not, on topics
as diverse as product quality or safety, the health effects of food
materials, business practices, ethical behavior or compliance with
regulations (tax, social security).

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

Management of risk

Groupe SEB supports and develops the reputation of its brands by
collaborating with reputable and innovative professionals in their
fields (Agencies, Ambassadors, Influencers, Research, etc.), while
respecting and promoting the personality of each brand.

@ The first level of protection against image risk is preventive and
consists in not creating a situation that could lead to negative
communication about the Group. This is achieved by conforming
to the Group’s values and the Code of Ethics, and complying with
internal processes (particularly quality, financial reporting, internal
control, safety, etc.). All Group employees are regularly reminded
of these key principles: when they are hired, and during long-term
training and communications.

@ The second level of protection consists in setting up a responsive
system for monitoring information: in addition to conventional means
for monitoring traditional media, the Group uses an e-reputation
tracking tool on social networks, alongside an internal (feedback
to management, decision-making) and external (crisis management
and procedure unit) communication process.

m In addition, the Group implements measures to secure its
information-sharing processes in order to limit the risks of fraudulent
communication and identity theft.

m Groupe SEB employees at all levels are educated about compliance
with the ethical rules disseminated throughout the Group. Some
employees also receive special training in digital technology, social
networks and their uses.

RISK ASSOCIATED WITH THE INTEGRATION OF NEW OPERATIONS

Description of risk

In addition to its organic growth targets, the Group is implementing an
external growth strategy to accelerate its expansion and strengthen
its position. This strategy has resulted in the acquisition of companies
that are complementary in terms of market (geographical or product
category), in somewhat different ways: Supor in China, OBH Nordica
in the Scandinavian countries, and more recently WMF in Germany in
high-end consumer segments, professional products, etc.

Each of these acquisitions has specific features in terms of corporate
culture, structure, operational processes and distribution channels.
Failing to identify these specific features or not taking them into
account could have an adverse effect on the integration process and
the value creation expected from these operations, in particular:

@ development of the business;
@ generation of synergies;

@ increased value of intangible assets.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018

Management of risk

m@ Over the years, the Group has built up real experience and strong
skills in integration. An ad hoc structure is set up to oversee each
integration process.

m The Group Strategy department is tasked with designing and
overseeing integration plans, and with ensuring coordination
between all stakeholders (acquired company, Business Units
concerned within Groupe SEB, and markets concerned by the
acquisition).

m@ The Group Controlling department, together with the Strategy
department, integrates the new entities into the Group’s reporting
and decision-making processes. This ensures reliable and regular
monitoring of the business plan and key indicators previously
defined by the operational entities concerned.
Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

lH The Information Systems department develops a plan to achieve
consistency in computer tools.

lm The Human Resources department assists the relevant teams (the
acquired company and Groupe SEB employees concerned) in order
to integrate new employees into a homogenous environment as
smoothly as possible.

RISK ASSOCIATED WITH PRODUCT PARTNERSHIPS

Description of risk

Groupe SEB pursues a product partnerships policy to develop new
concepts and contribute to sales growth.

These partnerships can take the form of a distribution, license and
co-development contract, and result in a co-branding between two
well-known brands: Krups with Nespresso and Dolce Gusto, Heineken
for BeerTender and The SUB, Rowenta and L’Oréal for Steampod
straightener, Rowenta for Elite in hairdressing, Tefal with Jamie Olivier
in cookware.

However, such partnerships can be volatile and may represent a risk
to revenue.

RISK RELATED TO CONSUMER LOYALTY PROGRAMS

Description of risk

For several years, Groupe SEB has been involved in one-off consumer
loyalty programs with major distributors in a number of countries.
These programs, led by the distribution retailers, consist in major
promotional offers in a product category to loyal consumers who
have made a series of purchases within a short period of time. The
promotional programs enable distributors to boost footfall in their
stores, and consumers to access our products at discounted prices.
However, they cause sales volatility from one period to the next,
and may dry up the market in the months following the campaign,
impacting on future sales.

@ The Audit and Internal Control department implements its standard
processes and carries out an audit mission during the integration
phase, to make an inventory of processes with shortcomings and
puts the relative action plan in place.

Management of risk

@ The main measure of risk management is based on sustainability
of the relationship (the major partnerships are more than 10 years
old) and on the diversification of partnerships that allows portfolio
balancing in this activity.

@ Moreover, the teams involved implement actions with our current
partners to boost commercial activities and develop products,
solidifying the viability of the partnerships concerned.

Management of risk

m@ The Group has introduced a rigorous management process for
these campaigns, with prior analysis of the impact in terms of
visibility of the selected products and brands, and the expected
profits. This process is accompanied by monitoring throughout the
campaign with the different stakeholders, to secure volumes and
procurement. The relevant marketing campaigns are coordinated
with the distribution retailer to ensure successful resale.

@ In addition, no operations of this kind can take place without
approval from management, after analyzing the operating scenarios.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
INFORMATION SYSTEMS RISKS

Description of risk

Information systems are embedded within the Group’s businesses,
in terms of both operational processes (production management,
accounting, reporting, etc.) and means of communication (telephone,
mail, networks, tablets and objects connected to the mobile network).
Any failure of these tools would have a potentially significant impact
on the Group (including in the case of intentional or unintentional
contamination of systems by a computer virus).

Moreover, the sharp increase in the volume of information processed
and the development of connected objects are making data
management processes and tools more complex and more technical.
Combined with the reinforcement of international regulations on
personal data protection (particularly in Europe with the General
Data Protection Regulation), this significantly increases the impact
that a security breach could have on data. A specific “Personal Data
Protection Risk” is detailed in the Legal Risks section.

Finally, our infrastructure and applications are constantly renewed and
upgraded, which may affect operational functioning. This risk is more
specifically addressed in the “Risk associated with the development
of information systems” section.

Management of risk

@ Acoordinated watch with several suppliers specializing in systems
protection and security aims to monitor developments and actions
to counter cybercrime (antivirus, firewalls, and user identification
processes). The Information Systems department draws up an
annual IT risk map, in collaboration with the Audit and Internal
Control department.

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

lm The Group has a highly centralized information systems management
policy, in order to guarantee consistency in the security and
management of tools. Specifically, most of our application servers
and data servers are hosted by third parties located in France,
in highly secure and redundant environments, enabling business
continuity without loss of data. Backup and filtering solutions
(antivirus, antispam, web filtering, etc.) are continuously reinforced.

m Resources are specifically dedicated to these issues, both internal
(reporting to the CISO - Chief Infomation Security Officer - and
the Information Systems Security Committee) and external (e.g.
an intrusion detection specialist). Generally speaking, however,
the Group is responsible for making all employees accountable:
specialists (developers, network administrators, etc.) or end-users
(password protection, procedures for opening e-mails, compliance
with the IS Usage Charter included in an annex to the internal rules).

When tools are developed and new activities integrated, the
Information Systems department, in collaboration with the Group
Controlling department, sets up dedicated transition/project teams
to ramp up new systems while maintaining existing systems to
ensure a smooth and seamless transition.

@ Lastly, it should be noted that insurance specifically covering
attacks on the IT systems has been taken out by the Group. This
policy also covers attacks on personal data. Further details are
provided on p. 51.

RISK ASSOCIATED WITH THE DEVELOPMENT OF INFORMATION SYSTEMS

Description of risk

The Group’s expansion (geography, size, business sector) frequently
requires us to upgrade or develop our management systems (ERP).
This may necessitate minor (adaptation of systems in place) or
major changes (definition, construction and implementation of a
new system). Each of these developments causes complexity and
disruption in the existing IT environment with, in particular, risks to
the resources affected by implementation and to operations, if the
migration is not effective. Both these risks may lead to significant
costs and may result in loss of revenue.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018

Management of risk

lm Firstly, the Group minimizes these changes as much as possible
over the same time period or geographic area. On average, in one
year, less than 20% of subsidiaries are affected by an upgrade or
change in management system.

m Next, each management system rollout is supported by specialized
service providers, enabling correct definition of needs and
configuration of the management tools, minimizing the operational
risk when the tool is launched.

m Lastly, the Group also seeks to employ extra resources internally
during the start-up phases to reduce the impact on local teams and
ensure the solid, stable launch of new solutions.
Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

1.4.3. LEGAL RISKS

COMPLIANCE RISK

Description of risk

The international regulatory environment has tightened over the years,
with a proliferation of directives, laws and regulations on various
subjects: Personal data protection (GDPR), anti-corruption (SAPIN
ll law, UK Bribery Act, US Bribery Act), cash flows (countries under
embargo), stock market regulations (MIFID Il, MAR, etc.), taxation
(tax evasion, “black-listed” countries, tax changes, customs duties,
etc.), the duty of vigilance of parent companies and principals, rules
on competition, etc.

Any deviation from these regulations constitutes a risk factor on two
levels: first, there is a risk of conviction or fines, for potentially very
significant amounts; then there is also a risk of damage to the image
and reputation, in the event that a proven breach is made public,
with the consequences described above, vis-a-vis our partners and
consumers.

Management of risk

m@ Compliance with international and local regulations is a Group
priority, and compliance with the law is part of our Code of Ethics.
All Group operations must comply with local regulations on
employment, accounting, tax, the environment, etc.

CORRUPTION RISK (§)

Description of risk

Groupe SEB is present in nearly 150 countries, through its subsidiaries
or distributors. The Group’s activities, including industrial operations,
distribution and sale, are liable to risks of corruption (in relation to
public or private officials). As indicated in the compliance risk, any
proven corruption could have significant consequences for the Group,
in terms of a potential fine from the authorities concerned, but also in
terms of image and reputation.

@ Each local management team is responsible for applying these
rules, including the general manager and chief financial officer of
the subsidiary, with the support of central or local legal teams, or
a local law firm.

@ The new regulations with an international dimension are the
responsibility of the Compliance Committee described on p. 34,
and a specific Group action plan has been put in place (SAPIN II
and Duty of Vigilance laws).

lm The Group is gradually developing training courses adapted to
regulatory developments within a Global Compliance training
program. The program includes a “Code of Ethics” training course
as a starting point, as well as more specific training such as an
“Antitrust” course that defines the rules and conduct that comply
with competition law in relations with third parties, a “Personal Data
Protection” course following the GDPR regulation, and an “Anti-
corruption” course in line with the requirements of SAPIN Il.

lm The Group also works with an outside partner, Intertek, to carry
out social audits of our suppliers, based on international working
condition standards (Working Condition Assessment).

Management of risk

The management policy for this risk is presented in the Extra-
Financial Performance Declaration in Chapter 3 “Corporate Social
Responsibility”.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL FRAUD RISK

Description of risk

The Group’s expansion into new geographical areas, the development
of technological resources, and greater competitive pressure, are all
factors that increase the risks of fraud situations, whether originating
internally or externally, occurring within Group entities.

In addition, the attempted “fake President” frauds (involving, for
example, the theft of identities of members of the Group’s Executive
Committee) are steadily growing and more sophisticated.

Management of risk

With respect to the fight against external fraud, a process of
systematically reporting information on attempted fraud to the
Audit and Internal Control department allows the Group to analyze
these situations, inform all entities of the risks and respond quickly
by implementing new checks (particularly updating our firewalls).
A major initiative to raise awareness among financial employees

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RISK

Description of risk

The Group has a large portfolio of international and regional,
premium and core registered brands. This portfolio gives the Group
a competitive advantage and continues to grow as a result of the
acquisitions. Product innovations give rise to industrial patent
applications (492 filings in 2018 worldwide — 542 in 2017) and the
filing of designs and pattern (240 filings worldwide in 2018) along with
other intellectual property assets protected by copyright (such as a
large database of cooking recipe photographs, for example).

The recognition enjoyed by Groupe SEB’s brands and the success
of its innovations lead to the infringement of various of its intellectual
property rights (patents, trademarks, designs), cybersquatting
(registration of a domain name that matches a protected trademark),
and phishing.

Conversely, the Group’s active innovation approach is likely to invite
criticism if one of its new products is positioned in conflict with a
patent or a design already filed by a competitor. This would result in
a litigation, reputational or financial risk in the event of a recall of the
product concerned.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

and the systematic implementation of dual checks, for example,
have enabled the Group to fight against attempts of identity theft
of customers, suppliers and Group senior managers through
technological means.

Fraud risks in our market companies were mapped in 2016. This
forms the basis for tests performed on our IT systems by the Audit
and Internal Control department to identify potential fraud. This
approach is reinforced every year by measures including the use
of a specialized tool for processing and analyzing data, based on
the Group’s information systems.

Finally, the Group’s standard processes are regularly reviewed to
ensure that fraud risks are taken into account. This review results
in the reinforcement of the processes if necessary (for example,
additional controls on changes of bank account for suppliers).

Page 43 provides more details on the management of computer
security.

Management of risk

lm The Group allocates the budgets required to protect and develop
its key intangible assets such as trademarks and innovation, and
to combat counterfeiting. A strategy of targeted registration of
trademarks, designs and patents has been implemented, taking
into account the sales outlook and high-risk countries;

= Anti-counterfeiting measures are being systematically applied in
the field, primarily in high-risk countries such as China and the
Middle East (monitoring of trade fairs, investigations, customs
seizures, legal actions, destruction of molds and inventories) as
well as in high-stake trading countries;

Anti-counterfeiting measures are being taken against online
piracy (marketplaces, websites) thanks to a global monitoring
system that generates regular reports and makes it possible to
take rapid action to remove online copies and combat trademark
infringement and cybersquatting;

m& Competitive intelligence is integrated into the product innovation
and development process. Many product launch projects are
subject to a freedom to operate analysis of the trademarks,
designs and patents before validation and launch. Nevertheless,
the probability remains that a prior industrial property right has not
been identified, and in this case, the Group may have to modify the
technical or aesthetic construction of a product to eliminate any
risk of litigation, negotiate an amicable settlement of the potential
dispute or defend itself if the prior industrial property right is not a
priori invalid or if the alleged infringement is not proven.
Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

RISK RELATED TO THE PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA

Description of risk

As shown in several risk factors, market trends and consumer habits
generate a growing amount of customer information and therefore
personal data, used to communicate effectively with our consumers.
This new aspect involves new responsibilities and risks to protect
and use this data appropriately, in particular within the framework of
European regulation (GDPR). As indicated in the compliance risk, any
failure to protect personal data could have significant consequences
for the Group, in terms of a potential fine, but also in terms of image
and reputation.

Management of risk

The Group has established an ad hoc organization to understand
the needs and constraints associated with using personal data and
with its protection. This organization encompasses a number of key
functions: legal department, human resources department, information
systems department and marketing department. This team drew
up the management rules in place within the Group for the proper
management and optimization of our customer / consumer database.

Moreover, processes to respond to security breaches in our IT
applications impacting personal data have also been drawn up and
rolled out across the organization to ensure a rapid and effective
response to the risk.

RISK RELATED TO THE RESPECT OF HUMAN RIGHTS ®

Description of risk

At the end of 2018, the Group counted 34,000 employees, dealing
with over 4,000 suppliers. Being at the center of such a large, complex
human environment means that the Group is faced with risks relating
to the respect of Human Rights, which are also intrinsically linked
to the Group’s founding values. In terms of the Group’s operations,
this risk can be represented by failure to comply with the working
conditions recommended by the World Trade Organization: failure
to respect local labor laws or failure to respect differences in the
company, in terms of gender or orientation.

LITIGATION RISK

Description of risk

A number of risks may arise from the Group’s operations: litigation
connected to our relationships with suppliers, customers and
competitors. These disputes are mostly related to the Group’s ongoing
activities, but may have significant consequences: court costs,
financial convictions, criminal convictions, operational blockages,
damage to image and reputation.

Management of risk

lm The Group’s approach to minimizing potential disputes and putting in
place in most of our commercial relations comprehensive contracts
covering precisely business relations and thus avoiding a dispute
cannot be solved simply on the basis of the initial agreements.

Any breaches in this area could incur financial consequences from the
competent authorities, and above all have an impact on the Group’s
reputation.

Management of risk

The management policy for this risk is presented in the Extra-
Financial Performance Declaration in Chapter 3 “Corporate Social
Responsibility”.

lm The Group’s legal teams also review the majority of our business
relationships and procurement activities, supporting operational
staff in their negotiations and contract preparations.

lm Finally, when necessary, the Group works with a panel of law firms,
covering most of the countries where we operate, who assist us
rapidly on the various litigious matters that may arise.

& Additional details on litigation the Group is currently involved in are
given in Note 21.2 “Claims and litigation and other contingencies”
and Note 29.1.2 “Litigation” in the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

1.4.4. INDUSTRIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS

RISK ASSOCIATED WITH BUSINESS CONTINUITY AND DEPENDENCE ON SUPPLIERS

Description of risk

Because of its size and product diversity, Groupe SEB manages
an increasingly complex procurement process that includes raw
materials, components and finished products. Given the Group’s
significant purchasing volumes, an excessive concentration of
suppliers could result in dependence and therefore a substantial risk to
business continuity in the event of default (delay, interruption in activity,
termination of commercial relationship, major incident, e.g. fire, etc.).

SUPPLY CHAIN AND SEASONALITY RISK

Description of risk

As the Group operates on a global scale, the logistics flows in place
are increasingly complex. The Group’s factories supply a large number
of markets, leading to a strong dependence on certain logistics routes
(China to Europe, China to the United States, Europe to the Middle
East or the Americas, etc.). Particularly in the event of natural risks, a
failure of the factories, modes of transport or warehouse operations
could have a significant impact on the Group’s activity and profitability.

In addition, a high percentage of products are sold during holiday
periods or for special events (back to school, Black Friday, Christmas,
Chinese New Year, Ramadan, Singles’ Day in China, etc.). A substantial
proportion of revenue is therefore generated at the end of the year.
Thus, both sales and earnings are traditionally heavily weighted
towards the fourth quarter. Any disruption affecting our plants and/
or the general environment during these periods of consumption
(manufacturing problem, transport strikes, demonstrations, etc.) could
therefore have an adverse effect on Group results.

Some products are marked by strong seasonality and also dependent
on weather conditions such as, for example, fans in Latin America
and Southeast Asia.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018

Management of risk

@ The first aspect concerns continuity plans for our industrial
operations, for each plant. All the Group’s plants undergo an annual
assessment of local risks and prevention plans are put in place.

& In addition, similar work is carried out at Group level, considering
the different procurement sources of components, raw materials
and finished products.

Finally, the Group is particularly careful to spread its risk base and
limit its dependence in terms of procurement. Its priority is to ensure
continuity of production under optimum economic conditions, while
conforming to ethical principles, and to have alternatives at its
disposal within a single product family or for a specific technology.
In 2018, the panel of direct suppliers for manufacturing supplies
comprised 440 suppliers (463 in 2017), with global purchasing
coverage of 70% (compared with 72% in 2017).

Management of risk

lm The Group takes an active approach to industrial risk prevention by
conducting regular audits, investing in maintenance and optimizing
certain processes in order to limit the probability of such risks
occurring.

lm The European, US and Chinese sites are generally not, or only
slightly, exposed to major natural risks (hurricanes, floods,
earthquakes, etc.), and the same is true of the warehouses.

@ With regard to logistics routes, there is no systematic redundancy
possible for all flows, but the Group encourages as many alternative
routes as possible, such as river transport, as part of its sustainable
development policy.

Lastly, the Group also strives to boost its business outside highly
seasonal periods by launching new products or by implementing
marketing initiatives. The planning process makes it possible to
anticipate and adapt the capacities of production sites, warehouses
and means of transport to strong seasonal variations.
Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT RISK ®)

Description of risk

The health and safety of its employees are among Groupe SEB’s
foremost concerns. Nonetheless, the risk of work-related illnesses or
workplace accidents damaging physical integrity or posing a threat
to human life cannot be ruled out. With 41 industrial sites worldwide
and just over 24,000 employees at these sites, there is a constant
risk of accidents (particularly minor accidents). Despite the Group’s
efforts to limit such workplace accidents and work-related illnesses,

RISK RELATED TO CLIMATE CHANGE (§)

Description of risk

Due to its industrial and commercial activity, Groupe SEB is exposed to
acertain number of risks that are directly related to weather conditions
(storms, droughts, flooding, heat waves, etc.), and therefore, more
widely, to climate change.

their occurrence cannot be completely ruled out, and could have a
detrimental effect on the Group’s operations and results in the event
of civil or criminal sanctions, and on its reputation.

Management of risk

The management policy for this risk is presented in the Extra-
Financial Performance Declaration in Chapter 3 “Corporate Social
Responsibility”.

Management of risk

The management policy for this risk is presented in the Extra-
Financial Performance Declaration in Chapter 3 “Corporate Social
Responsibility”.

PRODUCT QUALITY RISK AND RISKS RELATED TO PRODUCT LIABILITY

Description of risk

The Group is particularly vigilant in matters of consumer safety and
pays the utmost attention to the safety of raw materials, components
and finished products. It may, however, have to accept liability or
witness its image, or that of its brands, being tarnished as a result of
a product malfunction. Instances of users being hurt when a product
malfunctions or is used inappropriately cannot be ruled out. The
Group is, therefore, exposed to risks of warranty or liability claims
from customers and consumers. Product recalls may prove necessary
in some cases, harming the brand image and generating significant
costs.

Meanwhile, regulations regarding food products and materials liable to
create a health risk are constantly changing (generally moving towards
a tightening of regulations) and are sometimes preceded by media
campaigns about the harmfulness of certain materials. Any of these
situations might generate a risk zone for the Group if one or more of
the materials concerned were used in the production of our products.

Management of risk

lm The Group’s quality policy is fully incorporated into the design and
manufacture of all products: each stage of product design is part of
a standard quality process and is subject to successive approvals,
particularly with regard to the components used, the materials
implemented, and the suppliers selected.

™ To manage such risks, the Group carries out numerous quality
controls on the products that it markets. It also endeavors to include
user information sheets with its products to warn of potentially
hazardous uses.

@ In the markets, the Group uses a network (usually outsourced) of
service centers, which manage product repair and follow-up. The
employees/technicians in these service centers receive regular
and comprehensive training from the Group to ensure they can
provide optimum support to consumers having difficulties with any
of our products. The service centers are also authorized to handle
customer complaints, repairs under and outside warranty, and the
sale of spare parts and consumables, in order to provide the best
level of service to our consumers.

m With regard to potential health risks, the Group has set up a
regulatory and technical watch process (on all media, including
the internet). This ensures that standards and restrictions in this
area (including, amongst other things, the update following the
European Directive on Dangerous Substances) are rolled out to
the R&D teams.

m@ The Group has also recorded a provision for product warranty
costs based on historical statistics and has put in place insurance
coverage for civil liability (see paragraph on Insurance).

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
RISK RELATED TO THE SAFETY OF PEOPLE

Description of risk

The Group’s international presence exposes it to the risk of security for
the organization: operations in high-risk countries, frequent travel by
the Group’s teams to different locations, sudden geopolitical changes
in some areas involving physical risks to local teams. These risks, if
they occur, can have an impact on the Group’s human resources and,
to a lesser extent, a financial impact on operations.

1.4.5. FINANCIAL AND MARKET RISKS

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

Management of risk

The Group has first and foremost put in place a permanent security
monitoring process that triggers alerts at various levels depending on
the risks and how they evolve in the various countries. This monitoring,
combined with control of travel within the various countries, makes it
possible to identify all risky situations and implement a rapid protection
solution: repatriation of the staff in question, team travel, security of
people and families.

Moreover, the program also covers those one-off situations that can
occur when traveling and in particular medical issues, with coverage
allowing for rapid and effective local care of teams in difficulty, up to
and including repatriation where necessary.

RISK RELATED TO FLUCTUATIONS IN CURRENCIES AND RAW MATERIALS

Description of risk

Groupe SEB has a commercial presence in nearly 150 countries. With
production rather concentrated in Europe and in China, its business
is, therefore, highly exposed to transaction currency risk when its
products are billed to its customers in a currency that is different
from that used in production. This makes managing foreign exchange
fluctuations a competitive priority. There is also a translation effect
when converting revenues and earnings from different countries
into euros on consolidation. Currency fluctuations may thus have a
significant impact on the Group’s results.

Moreover, Groupe SEB uses a certain number of raw materials in
its manufacturing processes: aluminum (for cookware), nickel (for
certain steel alloys, mainly stainless steel), copper (mainly wire for
motors and electric cords), plastics (a key material in small electrical
appliances) and paper/cardboard products for printed documents and
packaging. These materials and components vary as a percentage
of direct purchases for the Group: in average over the last two years,
aluminum has accounted for 13% direct purchases for manufacturing,
steel and metal parts for 18%; plastic materials and parts for 20%;
and electrical and electronic components for 24%.

The Group is therefore exposed to risks concerning the availability of
raw materials and fluctuations in their prices. These include both a risk
of shortages and of being forced to pass all or part of price increases
on to consumers. This could affect performance (sales and earnings).

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018

Management of risk

lm The Group’s currency position is short in dollars and yuan and long
in all other currencies. To limit its risk, the Group hedges a portion
of its highly probable future cash flows, as well as almost all of
its balance sheet transaction risk, by means of forward contracts
and options.

m Given the sometimes sudden and significant fluctuations in
exchange rates, the Group constantly adapts its pricing policy:
increasing sale prices to preserve the local profitability of
commercial subsidiaries, where the relevant currency depreciates
against the production currency, and adjusting prices downwards
to preserve market momentum and competitiveness if exchange
rates improve.

@ Details of currency risks are given in the notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements (Note 26.2.1).

lm To deal with the exposure on raw materials, Groupe SEB has
implemented a hedging policy intended to protect it against the
effects of abrupt changes in the prices of metals and thus enable
it to avoid any brisk changes in sale prices. This policy has no
speculative purpose but, for any given year and in relation to actual
market prices, may produce:

= Positive impacts when raw material prices are rising;
m Negative impacts when commodity prices are falling.

m In addition, the Group constantly endeavors to improve its
manufacturing productivity and to reduce its purchasing costs,
which both help to offset market volatility.

m Commodity risks are dealt with in Note 26.2.3 to the Financial
Statements.
Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

RISKS RELATING TO SHARES

Description of risk

As at 31 December 2018, Groupe SEB held 575 888 treasury shares
with an acquisition cost of €82 654 366. This treasury stock is
deducted from shareholders’ equity at acquisition cost.

Management of risk

m Based on the closing SEB share price on 31 December 2018
(€112.8), the market value of shares held in treasury at that date

COUNTRY DEFAULT RISK

Description of risk

The Group’s presence in nearly 150 countries exposes it to currency
risk (described on p.49) but also to risks of political, economic,
monetary or social instability, especially in emerging countries, where
it achieves a significant percentage of its turnover. Any major political,
economic or social change in countries where the Group is established
could have a direct impact on its business, locally or globally (if its
industrial activities are taken into consideration). In particular, periods
of deep economic recession in some countries, or protectionist
policies, could have a significant impact on the Group’s operations,
and therefore on its results, in the countries concerned.

stood at €64 960 166,40. This market value has no impact on the
Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements and the change has
no impact on the consolidated income statement or shareholders’
equity.

@ Further information on equity risks is given in Note 26.2.4 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. This data also includes the risk
regarding financial instruments and the Supor share, which is listed
on the Shenzhen stock market.

Management of risk

lm Constantly adapting to changes in the market is an integral part of
the Group’s know-how. A three-year projection of the operations
of each subsidiary, including an analysis of local risks, is carried
out every year and reviewed by the Group Executive Committee.

@ Arisk map is also drawn up each year by the Audit and Internal
Control department, in collaboration with the management teams
of the entities concerned, to assess the evolution of risks (political,
social, economic, etc.) for each country.

Generally speaking, the Group’s international presence — both
commercial and industrial — helps to diversify risks, as they can be
offset between countries and geographical areas.

RISK RELATING TO DEBT, LIQUIDITY AND INTEREST RATES

Description of risk

The Group uses various forms of financing (bank loans, private
placements of the Schuldschein type, bonds, commercial paper,
NEU MTN, etc.), and is therefore subject to interest rate, liquidity and
counterparty risk.

Management of risk

lm The Group uses mostly fixed-rate loans, in euros, in particular with
long maturities.

The longest maturity among these loans (2026) is fixed-rate, making
it possible for the Group to protect itself against the likelihood of
interest rate rises. Details of interest rate risks are given in the notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Note 26.2.2).

@ Liquidity risk management is handled centrally by the Treasury and
Financing department. It is based on a solid financing architecture
and diversified over the short, medium and long-terms, with
commercial paper, NEU MTN, syndicated loans, Schuldschein
private placements and bonds. Groupe SEB also has unused
confirmed medium-term credit lines with leading banks.

lm The Group considers itself to have little exposure to financial
counterparty risk, as it prioritizes relationships with leading banks
and diversifies its counterparty portfolio.

@ Details of the maturity dates of the instruments used and the
financing sources available are provided in Notes 24, 25 and 26 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Commentary on the financial year
2018 highlights

4.1. 2018 highlights

GENERAL ENVIRONMENT

In 2018, the environment proved more difficult and uncertain than in
2017, due in particular to the volatility of oil and raw material prices,
political and social tensions in Europe and the trade war between the
United States and China. Despite these events, global growth stayed
solid over the year, based on relatively high historical comparatives.

In Europe, the business climate and levels of confidence struggled
to stabilize following a period of erosion over several quarters. While
European domestic demand held up well, some countries were heavily
affected by specific issues (Brexit in the United Kingdom, political
uncertainties in Italy, social tensions in France at the end of the year).

The highly-mixed Small Domestic Equipment market in Europe
maintained its overall growth momentum, though on a smaller scale
than in previous years. This growth was boosted by innovation
and upgrading, albeit in a highly competitive and promotion-driven
environment.

In the United States, the Small Domestic Equipment market was
marked by a major divergence between the fast-growing online
business and the struggles of traditional brick-and-mortar retail.
The consequences have been many, ranging from tighter inventory
management, massive destocking, and store closures to the financial
collapse of some brands. In Canada, the trend towards consolidation in
the sector has led to increased competitive and promotional pressure.

In China, 2018 was marked by the slower growth of the main
macroeconomic indicators, which nevertheless remained at high
levels. More specifically, the Small Domestic Equipment market is
still boosted by growing urbanization, the increased purchasing power

CURRENCIES

It should be remembered that the US dollar and the Chinese yuan
are currencies for which the Group is “short”, i.e. the weight of its
purchases denominated in these currencies is greater than that of its
sales. In 2018, the euro rose close to 5% against the dollar, primarily
as a result of the rise during the first half of the year (+12%). By
comparison with the euro, the yuan depreciated by 2% in 2018.

For the currencies in which the Group is “long”, in which its sales
exceed its costs, 2018 was mainly marked by a general weakening in
emerging currencies. The largest movements affected Latin America
(Brazilian real down -19% and the Argentine peso down -76%), as well
as the Russian ruble (down -12%), and the Turkish lira (down -38%).

of the expanding middle classes and the impetus of e-commerce.
In Japan, external events (mainly natural disasters) have somewhat
overshadowed the improving economic conditions.

In 2018, other emerging countries displayed signs of visible weakness,
although in diverse ways. On top of political uncertainties, some
emerging countries, such as Turkey and Argentina, experienced
serious change crises, urgently forcing them to significantly tighten
their monetary policies in order to halt the fall in currency and the rise
in inflation. In Russia, with the depreciation of the ruble and associated
price increases, the slowdown in activity has been significant since
the summer, contrasting with the recovery of the last two years. In
Brazil, the economic climate was volatile to say the least (default
by distributor clients, strong competition), however, following the
uncertainties related to the Presidential election, the macro-economic
environment seemed to be showing signs of improvement at the end
of 2018.

In 2018, the Small Domestic Equipment market was relatively dynamic
in local currency, most countries having moved into positive territory.
A geographically diverse market, its growth was also highly diverse
in terms of product category. The market was particularly dynamic for
fans (primarily in Europe), home care and electrical cooking (notably
in Asia and in Central and Eastern Europe). On the other hand, it
experienced a slight decline in linen care, beverage preparation and
food preparation (downturn in Asia and some European countries, not
offset by strong performances in Eastern Europe).

In response to constant exchange rate volatility, for several years
the Group has hedged certain currencies to limit sudden effects on
its performance or to smooth out its impact over time. At the same
time, it implements an agile pricing policy, passing on higher prices
to compensate for the adverse effects of weakened currencies on
local profitability.

In 2018, exchange rate fluctuations had a total negative impact of
€211 million on the Group’s revenue (compared with an impact of
-€98 million in 2017) and -€45 million on the Operating Result from
Activity (-€10 million in 2017).

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
RAW MATERIALS AND TRANSPORT

The Group is exposed to fluctuations in the price of certain raw
materials, including metals such as aluminum, nickel (used in
stainless steel) and copper. It is also exposed to price changes in
plastics used in the manufacture of small electrical appliances and
paper and cardboard for packaging. These exposures are direct (for
in-house production), or indirect if the manufacturing of the product is
outsourced to subcontractors. In order to spread over time the effects
of sometimes abrupt fluctuations in metal prices, the Group partially
hedges its requirements (aluminum and nickel) which protects it in
the event of a sharp rise in prices, but which results in some inertia
in the event of decline.

Following a sharp increase in the first half of 2018 (compared to 2017),
the price of raw materials moved downwards during the second half
of the year, while remain on an uptrend overall for the whole year.
Aluminum prices therefore increased by 7% on average in 2018 (i.e.
an average price of $2,110 per ton, compared with $1,970 in 2017).
Likewise, the price of copper recorded an increase of around 6%

Commentary on the financial year
2018 highlights

in 2018, an average price of $6,520 per ton compared to $6,170 in
2017. As for nickel, its price rose even more sharply: +26% in 2018,
an average price of $13,120 compared to $10,400 in 2017.

Due to the specific effect of the fall in Iranian exports — as a result of
US sanctions — in October 2018, the price per barrel of oil reached
its highest point about 4 years, slightly exceeding $85, before falling
back to $50 at the end of the year. The average price per barrel was
$72 over 2018, up by around 30% on the previous year. In parallel,
following a volatile second half of 2018, plastic material prices were
relatively stable on average over the year.

Paper prices, which rose sharply in 2017, continued to climb in the
first half of 2018, before falling in the second half, ending the year
up slightly.

In addition, while shipping costs rose only modestly in 2018, the same
cannot be said for road freight, which was adversely impacted by both
the rise in fuel prices and a shortage of drivers in some geographical
areas.

CHANGE IN THE COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

On 16 May 2018, the Annual General Meeting of SEB S.A. approved the reappointment of 3 directors whose terms of office had expired, for a

4-year term:
® Delphine Bertrand;
™ Fédéractive, represented by Sarah Chauleur;

™@ and Jean-Noél Labroue.

APPOINTMENT OF A NEW CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER

Groupe SEB appointed Stanislas de Gramont as Chief Operating
Officer. Reporting to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Thierry
de La Tour d’Artaise, Stanislas de Gramont joined the Group on
3 December 2018, assuming responsibility for the Group’s global sales

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018

and marketing functions, among other duties. Stanislas de Gramont
has spent most of his career at Danone, where he held several different
General Management posts. For four years, he was CEO of Suntory
Beverage & Food Europe.
Commentary on the financial year
2018 highlights

INVESTMENTS IN THE LINEN CARE BUSINESS IN FRANCE

As part of its strategy of strengthening its competitiveness in linen
care, Groupe SEB announced capital expenditure in France of nearly
€15 million in early 2018.

By 2020, this project will involve the transfer of the activity and all
employees from the Saint-Jean-de-Bournay site to the nearby Pont-
Evéque site, while maintaining jobs.

These two sites, which are 18 km apart, are inter-dependent, and are
the Group’s only sites engaged in the industrial production of irons and
steam generators in France. Saint-Jean-de-Bournay (162 permanent
employees) is dedicated to plastics processing and produces injected-

molded parts for the neighboring site in Pont-Evéque (619 permanent
employees), dedicated to the manufacture and assembly of these
products. The new product ranges use increasingly innovative
plastic injection processes and require new high-tonnage injection
molding machines that the Saint-Jean-de-Bournay site is not able
to accommodate.

Groupe SEB has therefore begun to extend the current Pont-Evéque
site by building a 7,300 m? injection molding machine shop and two
storage buildings. These new facilities, designed with worker comfort
and safety in mind, will improve working conditions for employees and
optimize logistics flows.

STRENGTHENING OF THE PARTNERSHIP WITH ZAHRAN IN EGYPT

On 8 January 2018, Groupe SEB announced that it had signed an
agreement with its long-standing partner in Egypt, the Zahran family,
to combine the small electrical appliances and Cookware activities
to consolidate its industrial base in Egypt in order to serve the local
and export markets.

Founded in 1967, the Zahran Group is the leading cookware
manufacturer in Egypt. It has two manufacturing sites and operates
11 stores, employing more than 700 people. Since 1973, it has
produced and distributed cookware under the Tefal and Zahran
brands in Egypt. In 2013, Groupe SEB had set up a joint venture
with Zahran, “Groupe SEB Egypt”, in which it has a 75% controlling
interest, to manufacture and market small electrical appliances (e.g.

ACQUISITION OF 750g INTERNATIONAL

On 13 November 2018, Groupe SEB announced the acquisition of
750g International, a publisher of cooking websites and services
in Germany, Spain, Italy, Portugal, Brazil, the USA and the United
Kingdom. This acquisition confirms the Group’s intention to accelerate
rollout of its brands in the online cooking sector, making use of 750g
International’s expertise in four key areas:

® digital content distribution technology;

® a portfolio of 90,000 recipes published in five languages in seven
countries, generating over 10 million hits per month;

vacuum cleaners, blenders, small food processors) mainly under the
Moulinex and Tefal brands.

To further strengthen the existing partnership, Groupe SEB and the
Zahran family decided to set up a new entity, Groupe SEB Egypt
Zahran, which is 55%-owned by Groupe SEB and 45% by Zahran.
Bringing together the small electrical appliances and Cookware
businesses, the company aims to:

™ accelerate the development of sales in Egypt and make the most
of this market’s strong potential;

™ capitalize on the trusting relationship established over many years
with the Zahran family;

™ strengthen the Group’s industrial base in the region to facilitate
access to certain markets in Africa and the Middle East.

™ services, especially printing of recipe books or creation of content
on global digital platforms;

® acommunity of 10 million fans on Facebook, 450,000 members
and 5,000 bloggers.

The acquisition will enable convergences with products, websites
and apps developed by the Group. Our dual objective is to enrich
our digital ecosystem and strengthen the international appeal of our
brands.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
FINANCING

ACQUISITION OF CALL OPTIONS

Further to its transactions in 2017, in 2018 the Group made new
successive acquisitions for a total of 130,000 US call options on its
own shares. At the end of 2018, the Group possessed 190,000 call
options on its own shares.

The acquisition of these call options allows Groupe SEB to partially
cover its obligations to deliver existing treasury shares for the possible
exercising of the exchange right on the ORNAE bonds redeemable for
cash and/or existing shares, maturing on 17 November 2021.

AWARDS FOR GROUPE SEB

Commentary on the financial year
2018 highlights

LAUNCH OF A NEU MTN PROGRAM

During the year, the Group placed its first NEU MTN, a medium-term
negotiable securities issue, for an amount of €30 million, as part of a
€500 million program. This new instrument will enable the company
to diversify its financing sources.

Groupe SEB received a wide variety of awards in 2018. Here are some examples:

GROUPE SEB WINS THE GLOBAL
ANTI-COUNTERFEITING AWARD 2018

The award was given to Isabelle Bissey-Pierre, Head of Legal,
Intellectual Property and Digital, and Géraldine Guéry Jacques, Head
of Patents, at a ceremony held on 6 June in Paris, during the World
Anti-Counterfeiting Day. Given the increase in patent counterfeiting,
staff were recognized for defending the Group’s flagship products in
China, Europe and the United States. These lengthy disputes require
optimum coordination between teams in multiple countries to uphold
the validity of patents and combat counterfeiting. The Research
Industrial Property team developed a strategy for registering patents
that goes beyond the scope of traditional technology, to also include
patents for inventions implemented by computer.

GROUPE SEB AT THE TOP OF THE
VIGEO-EIRIS 2018 EUROPEAN RANKINGS
FOR ITS ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL

AND GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE

Groupe SEB has climbed to the top spot in the ranking of 32 European
companies produced by the rating agency VIGEO-EIRIS. The Group
is also 29th out of 4,159 companies worldwide. The report covers 6
non-financial categories, namely Human Rights, human resources,
the environment, community involvement, business behavior
and corporate governance. The Group’s performance was rated
“advanced” or “robust” in each of the categories. The Group improved
its Human Rights score by 9 points and the report emphasized its
structured approach and its commitment to preventing discrimination
and promoting diversity within the company. It also made progress on
issues concerning the environment (+19 points) and on community
involvement (+10 points), with a special mention for its support for
combating social exclusion.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018

SUPOR WINS THE “IF DESIGN AWARD”
FOR ITS AURORA VACUUM MUG

Supor presented its AURORA vacuum mug, in competition with
competitors from 59 countries, to a jury of 60 design, industry
and architecture experts, in a bid to win a prize at the “IF design
awards” 2018. Supor was given its award, which is one of the most
prestigious in the world in the design field, at an official ceremony
held on 10 March in Munich. The range of AURORA vacuum mugs
has been a roaring success with consumers since it was launched in
June 2017, with more than 750,000 units sold. These mugs are mainly
sold in mainland China.

GROUPE SEB’S FINANCIAL COMMUNICATION
RECOGNIZED IN THE EXTEL RANKINGS

The Group’s Financial Communication and Investor Relations
department, represented by Isabelle Posth, was recognized in 2018
by Extel, a leader in finance profession rankings. The Extel Survey has
produced an annual ranking of the best banks, brokers and portfolio
managers in Europe since 1974. The survey was recently expanded
to include Investor Relations professionals and, in 2018, Groupe SEB
secured first place in the Household Products & personal care sector.
Commentary on the financial year
2018 highlights

GROUPE SEB FRANCE WINS THE ESSEC
TRANSFORMATION AWARD 2018

The ESSEC Chair of Change Management rewards “companies that
have conducted significant change actions, both in terms of results
and how they are achieved.” The award was given to Ambition
Be#One, a project constructed with 43 managers, launched in early
2016 by André Dot, CEO of Groupe SEB France. This Ambition has
two objectives: to strengthen business growth while developing a
working environment that improves everyone’s well-being at work and
the group dynamic in a sustainable way. Of the 30 companies that
entered the competition, the transformation led by Groupe SEB France
was recognized for its collective dimension (inclusion of managers
and staff), the rollout of new managerial practices taken from the
MCM - Managerial Skills Model (with support from managers) — and
practical implementation of actions recommended by employee
working groups.

CSR CHALLENGE AWARDS: GROUPE SEB
WINS THE SPECIAL JURY PRIZE

At this ceremony held at the French Ministry of Economy and Finance,
awards were presented to 10 companies/organizations, selected
from 45 candidates, recognizing the most remarkable solutions and
good practices put in place. In addition to 7 initial award categories
(environment, human resources, dialog with stakeholders, health,
community involvement, VSB-SME-family company and the Non-
Profit and Social sector), the Jury awarded a Special Prize to 2
candidates equally, plus its “Favorite Prize” to a start-up association.
Groupe SEB was awarded one of the Special Jury Prizes for its global
sustainable development actions.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

4.2. Commentary on consolidated sales

Sales (in € million)

Change 2018/2017
As reported

Like-for-like*

EMEA 3,170 3,223 1.7% 3.3%
Western Europe 2,424 2,430 0.2% 0.4%
Other countries 746 793 6.4% 12.5%
AMERICAS 946 887 -6.3% 0.4%
North America 579 547 -5.5% -4.4%
South America 367 340 -7.4% 8.2%
ASIA 1,806 2,067 14.5% 17.6%
China 1,286 1,554 20.9% 24.3%
Other countries 520 513 -1.2% 0.9%
TOTAL CONSUMER 5,922 6,177 4.3% 7.2%
Professional 563 635 12.8% 14.3%
GROUPE SEB 6,485 6,812 5.1% 7.8%

* — Like-for-like: at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation.
Rounded figures in €M.
% calculated on non-rounded figures.

Change 2018/2017
Fourth quarter Fourth quarter
Sales (in € million) 2017 2018 As reported Like-for-like*
EMEA 1,137 1,171 3.0% 3.0%
Western Europe 901 894 -0.8% -0.7%
Other countries 236 277 17.3% 17.2%
AMERICAS 292 314 7.8% 12.1%
North America 184 190 3.7% 0.1%
South America 108 124 14.8% 32.4%
ASIA 461 523 13.5% 13.9%
China 313 362 15.6% 17.1%
Other countries 148 161 9.1% +7.0%
TOTAL CONSUMER 1,990 2,008 6.3% +7.0%
Professional 136 176 29.6% 27.4%
GROUPE SEB 2,026 2,184 7.8% 8.4%

* — Like-for-like: at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation.
Rounded figures in €M.
% calculated on non-rounded figures.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

2017-2018 SALES GROWTH

In ME
6,812
6,485
Organic Currency Other
growth effet
2) Co
ArT
+5.1%
2017 2018

For the year as a whole, Group revenue came out at €6,812 million, up
5.1%, of which organic growth of +7.8% (+€505 million) and a -3.2%
currency effect (-€211 million, resulting primarily from the Chinese
yuan, Brazilian real, Turkish lira, Russian ruble and US dollar).

PRODUCT SALES PERFORMANCE

Consumer sales amounted to €6,177 million, up 7.2% on a like-for-like
basis. The different product categories contributed to this growth in
contrasting ways.

l§ Cookware, which accounts for around 30% of Consumer sales,
was down slightly from 2017. This modest decline should be
viewed in the context of the strong performance in 2017. This
reflects the unfavorable impact of the discontinuation of some
loyalty programs (LPs) in 2017 - particularly in Europe and Taiwan
(WMF products) - as well as disparate performances among
product families and geographical areas. China posted continued
strong momentum, driven in particular by woks and sets, as well
as kitchen utensils, with strong, fast-paced growth in the sales
of cups, mugs, isothermal bottles and food storage containers.
Business in the US (T-fal, Imusa, All-Clad), while still complicated,
was nevertheless slightly positive, in a context of sweeping changes
in the retail sector. Brazil had a very challenging year, due to the
problems of transferring production to the new Itatiaia site. And
Central and Eastern Europe, Russia, Turkey and Japan saw strong
growth in the sales of pans and saucepans (excluding LPs) thanks
to new advances, such as the highly popular stackable models
with removable handles.

ORGANIC GROWTH IN SALES BY QUARTER IN 2015 AND 2018
In %

12

4
T1 T2 T3 T4
@ 2015 @ 2016 @ 2017 @ 2018
+8.0% +6.1% +9.2% +7.8%

Fourth-quarter sales amounted to €2,184 million, up 7.8%, including
organic growth at 8.4% and a currency effect at -1.6% (mainly due
to the Brazilian real, Turkish lira, Russian ruble and Chinese yuan).

Organic growth factors in non-recurring events and items in Brazil and
France, which impacted the regions concerned but whose net effect
on Group revenue was not material.

@ In electrical cooking, sales posted double-digit growth, driven by
most of the product families with the exception of deep fryers and
toasters. The main contributors to the growth of this activity include:
rice cookers, electric pressure cookers and induction cooktops,
mainly in China, where Supor continues to stand out thanks to its
policy of innovation and continuous improvement of its products’
functionalities; Cook4me, an international version of the Cookeo
multi-cooker, whose launch in Japan and Italy has been very
encouraging; Optigrill, which continues to expand geographically,
particularly in Germany and Eurasia; as well as informal meal
appliances (including sandwich makers and waffle makers), led
once again by China, although growth was also noted in France.

In beverage preparation, the Group maintained a strong growth
momentum buoyed by automatic espresso coffee machines, a
resounding commercial successes in Germany, Poland and Russia,
with well as kettles in China, and domestic beer taps, such as
BeerTender. On the other hand, European sales of Nespresso
licensed coffee machines fell in 2018, as a result of Nespresso’s
direct takeover of sales of its machines in stores. Dolce Gusto sales
coffee makers also slowed and filter coffee makers were hit by a
high base effect in the US in 2017.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
& In food preparation, business rose steadily but, as in 2016 and
2017, remained very uneven depending on the product family. In
blenders, the largest and fastest-growing market in this category,
sales momentum is mainly attributable to China, where Supor’s
high-speed and sous-vide models are the best-selling products
in the consumer market, often replacing soy-milk extractors,
whose market is now collapsing. At the same time, blenders
also continued to post gains in Latin American countries (Brazil,
Colombia, Mexico), where the business is based on more traditional
models. The Cuisine Companion cooking food processor performed
strongly in France and Spain, but revenue declined in Italy due to
the discontinuation of a special promotion in 2017. In small food-
preparation appliances, sales of hand blenders were up sharply in
all geographical areas.

In linen care, after a buoyant 2017, sales remained stable on a
like-for-like basis, in a declining global market environment. The
iron and steam generator business experienced difficulties, hurt
by Europe and France, despite an upturn Central Europe, Russia
and Turkey. This decline was offset by a very robust increase in our
sales of garment steamers (standing or handheld), mainly in China,
but also in Japan and Korea.

In home care, despite strong historical performance, organic sales
was very robust, boosted by a complete product range and strong
progress in numerous markets, including Western, Central and
Eastern Europe (including Russia and Ukraine), Turkey, Korea and
China, where Supor is booming. While sales of vacuum cleaners
with dust bags have stalled, especially in France, due to the rise of
versatile handstick and robotic models, bagless vacuum cleaners
continue to be the main driver of growth. Our sales of versatile
vacuums also picked up momentum thanks to the qualitative
positioning of the Air Force 360, 460 and 560 models, which was

GEOGRAPHICAL PERFORMANCE

CONSUMER BUSINESS

EMEA

Western Europe

In 2018, the European small electrical appliance market grew more
modestly on the whole than in previous years. Following a 0.7%
downturn like-for-like in the fourth quarter, the Group posted slight
positive organic growth for the full year. This performance is notably
owing to a decline in loyalty programs (LPs) and business activity in
France.

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

evidenced by a sharp upturn in sales in France, Italy, Germany,
Korea and Spain. In the innovative robotic vacuum cleaner segment,
the Group also performed well, particularly in Spain and Germany.

lm The home comfort business posted an increase in 2018, ona
like-for-like basis, buoyed by fan sales in Colombia, Germany and
Italy. In Brazil, the Group’s largest fan market, business stabilized
thanks to the launch of new compact and quiet models, as well
as the boost in competitiveness linked to the ramp-up of the new
production site in Itatiaia. Sales of air purifiers, on the other hand,
fell, due to the sharp downturn in this market in China.

In personal care, the modest organic growth in business was driven
by hair styling appliances (hair dryers, curlers, straighteners, blow-
drying stylers), which were very popular in Russia, the Steampod
professional straightener, designed in partnership with L’Oréal,
which saw a sharp rise in sales, and bathroom scales.

@ In contrast, sales of epilators fell in comparison to 2017, which had
been boosted a loyalty program in France.

Sales in the Professional business (Coffee Machines and Hotel
Equipment) totaled €635 million for the full year, representing organic
growth of 14.3%, following an extremely buoyant fourth quarter, at
+27.4%, after a very similar performance in the third quarter.

In addition to the very good performance in our core business - in
Germanic countries and internationally - the strong acceleration in the
second half of the year stemmed from the delivery of major coffee-
machine contracts signed at the start of the year in the United States
and China. A further large contract was signed with another American
customer. Deliveries started in the fourth quarter and will be stepped
up in 2019.

In the Hotel Equipment business, sales for the year were slightly down,
mainly reflecting the discontinuation of some unprofitable partnerships.

Performances were contrasted from one country to the next.

In France, Group sales were down 3.4% for the year, with a 7.3%
decline in the fourth quarter in the context of demanding 2017
comparatives (+4.7%). On top of a sluggish environment and
difficulties in the offline retail industry, the fourth quarter was impacted
by the yellow vest demonstrations. The latter affected the Group’s core
activity (including cookware, ironing, deep fryers and breakfast ranges)
and penalized a loyalty program. Nevertheless, it should be highlighted
that our recent innovations remain our main commercial successes,
particularly Cuisine Companion, versatile “all-in-one” vacuum cleaners
and the Cake Factory cake maker.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

Performance outside France was more positive. In the German market,
less buoyant, our core business excluding loyalty programs remained
brisk, fueled by our flagship products (vacuum cleaners, full-automatic
espresso machines, Optigrill) and by continued growth in online sales.
Momentum also remained solid in Spain - thanks to vacuum cleaners
(particularly versatile and robot models), full-automatic espresso
machines, cookware, and WMF products - and in Portugal and Italy,
where it was also boosted by loyalty programs. The Group achieved
an excellent performance in the Netherlands, combining growth in
core activity, bolstered by new launches (vacuum cleaners) and a
major end-of-year loyalty program. Lastly, our revenue was down in
the UK owing to a complicated and lackluster market ahead of Brexit.

Against this backdrop, the Group strengthened its positions in most
Western European countries.

Other countries

In the other EMEA countries, organic sales growth came out at +12.5%
for the year and +17.2% in the fourth quarter. This solid performance
was driven by practically all the major countries in the region and
reflected in the overall strengthening of our market positions. The
negative currency effect, which was substantial for the year as a whole
and more limited in the fourth quarter, led to offsetting price increases
in several countries.

Central Europe played a key role in sales development in 2018.
Poland was a strong and steady growth driver throughout the year
(approximately up 30% like-for-like), while Romania and Slovakia
posted a very good year, bolstered by a sharp acceleration in the
fourth quarter. The Group also continued its rapid expansion in
Ukraine, with considerable market share gains. Brisk revenue growth
was also confirmed in Russia, against demanding 2017 comparatives.
The main growth contributors were our usual mainstays, notably
cookware, vacuum cleaners, full-automatic espresso machines, and
kettles. WMF products also made encouraging headway thanks to
extended distribution. Hence, the Group once again consolidated its
positions in Russia both in small electrical appliances and cookware.

In Turkey, in an economic environment that has deteriorated since the
summer, the Group succeeded in maintaining a solid level of business
activity while setting price increases to offset the weakening of the
currency. We continued to outperform a downwards trending market
(in volume) in the fourth quarter thanks to the implementation of our
growth drivers, including: a well-balanced product offering combining
innovations and a tactical line-up of core-range locally-produced
products at attractive prices, as well as a multi-channel distribution
policy and gradual, profitable development of WMF business in
premium store networks.

While sales fell sharply in the Middle East in a context of severe
recession, the Group achieved an excellent year in Egypt.

AMERICAS

North America

Group sales were down 4.4% on a like-for-like basis. After a stable
fourth quarter, the second half of the year was positive, but failed to
offset the shortfall posted at the end of June (-11.5% in organic terms)
that stemmed from high 2017 comparatives in the United States and
difficult business activity in Canada. Generally speaking, 2018 was
a year of highly contrasted performances in terms of countries and
quarters.

Our business activity in the United States in 2018 was disrupted
by difficulties in the retail industry, resulting from the continued rise
of online sales, with its attendant effects on brick-and-mortar retail
outlets: an increase in promotional deals, stock reductions, store
closures and bankruptcies. In this context, annual revenue remained
down, following a fourth quarter that turned out to be less penalizing.
The decrease resulted mainly from small electrical appliances
(despite very good performances in Rowenta garment steamers), with
cookware sales (T-fal, Imusa, All-Clad) practically stable.

The retail sector is also massively transforming in Canada, where
the strong trend in consolidation is ultimately reflected in heightened
competitive and promotional pressure. Against this background, the
Group ended the year with a substantial fall in revenue despite strong
performances in cookware.

In the buoyant Mexican market, the robust growth achieved in the
quarter and for the full year was fueled by flagship products (cookware,
blenders, the confirmed strong debut of recently launched fans) and
the introduction of new filter coffee and espresso machine product
listings with major customers. These performances helped the Group
to increase its market share.

South America

Currencies continued to play an unfavorable role in sales in South
America, particularly owing to the continued depreciation of the
Brazilian real and the Colombian and Argentine pesos. The sharp
increase in revenue in the fourth quarter was primarily due to the
recognition of a tax receivable in Brazil amounting to €32 million.
Excluding this non-recurring item, sales would be down 2.8% in
the quarter on a like-for-like basis. Over the year, the impact of all
non-recurring items in Brazil (tax receivable, impact of a defaulting
customer, truck drivers’ strikes, formatting of cookware production
chain at Itatiaia) was marginal on sales’ development in South America.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
In Brazil, after a period of uncertainty relating to the presidential
election, the macro-economic environment is showing signs of
improvement. Yet, for the year as a whole, the environment was
volatile, one of our customers defaulted and the competitive
environment in small household equipment proved particularly harsh.
In Cookware, the slower-than-expected ramp-up at the new Itatiaia
plant weighed significantly on our performance. In small electrical
appliances, business was practically stable in 2018 but contrasted
based on product category. Business activity increased slightly in
fans (in a market that fell sharply) on the success of new, silent and
compact models, as well as in food preparation (notably thanks to the
PowerMax blenders), but decreased for beverage preparation devices
(Dolce Gusto) and in linen care.

In Colombia, the Group ended the year on a positive trend, with a
sustained sales dynamic (against demanding fourth-quarter 2017
comparatives) and strengthened its leadership in cookware and small
electrical appliances. For the year as a whole, we achieved solid and
high-quality growth, driven in particular by fans, blenders, frying pans,
saucepans and pressure cookers. In Argentina, in an environment
that has worsened, the downturn in our sales continued in the fourth
quarter.

ASIA

China

In 2018, the Group achieved an excellent performance, posting
vigorous organic growth quarter after quarter and constantly
outperforming the market. The remarkable vitality of Supor’s sales
must be attributed to innovation, an expanded product offering,
significant marketing and advertising investment as well as an effective
“on the ground” execution, in stores and online.

Cookware business’ growth remained well-oriented, with, as in the
first 9 months, a strong contribution from flagship product families —
pressure cookers, pots, pans, and woks, supplemented by the rapid
growth of kitchen utensils and accessories (thermal mugs in particular).

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

In small electrical appliances, activity remained highly favorable,
with revenue growth in Yuan of approximately 30% over the year,
driven by almost all categories in small kitchen electrics (rice cookers,
electric pressure cookers, mobile induction hobs, kettles, and high-
speed blenders) and boosted by new models. In addition, Supor has
made rapid and continuous progress in non-kitchen electrics, with a
threefold increase in sales in the fourth quarter in garment steamers
and confirmed strong momentum in vacuum cleaners, notably the
versatile models.

Large kitchen appliance business (extractor hoods and gas stoves)
has also accelerated. Moreover, the market welcomed Supor’s launch
of a range of water purifiers.

E-commerce, whose growth is normalizing somewhat, based on very
high historical comparatives, remained the main growth driver.

Other Asian countries

Excluding China, revenue was up 7% on a like-for-like basis in the
fourth quarter, fueled by the success of our mainstays, the continued
expansion of our product offering and the opening of new proprietary
stores (Japan, Malaysia, Taiwan and Hong Kong). The more modest
growth over the year (+0.9%) relates, in particular, to the non-repeat
of a WMF loyalty program in Taiwan in 2017.

In Japan, the solid sales momentum continued in the fourth quarter,
propelled by the confirmed success of our pillars — cookware, kettles,
and garment steamers — but also by the more recently launched
categories, such as Cook4me multi-cookers. In South Korea, our
performance was also quite positive, thanks in particular to further
progress in home cleaning (rapid increase in sales of the all-in-one
Air Force 360 vacuum cleaner) and in ironing (Freemove range of
irons and Access Steam garment steamers), which benefited from
strong marketing activation. Conversely, activity over the last three
months continued to trend downwards in Australia. There was robust
growth in Thailand and Malaysia, driven by cookware and kitchen
tools, high-speed blenders and steam generators. However, as in
the third quarter, sales declined in Vietnam, due to retail inventory
reductions, mainly of fans.
Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on the consolidated results

4.3. Commentary on the consolidated results

INCOME STATEMENT

OPERATING RESULT FROM ACTIVITY (ORFA)

Operating Result from Activity (ORfA) came out at €695 million in
2018, up 2.5% vs 2017 before the non-recurring impacts of the WMF
purchase price allocation. At constant scope and exchange rates,
ORfA totaled €736 million, up 8.5%. The FY 2018 currency effect
was -€45 million, compared with -€10 million in 2017. The most
negatively impacting currencies were the Turkish lira, Russian ruble,
Argentinian peso and Brazilian real. Non-recurring items mentioned
in the comments on sales in Brazil offset each other at the ORfa level.
The positive trend in ORfA in 2018 should also be appreciated in the
light of exceptionally demanding comparatives in 2017. In this respect,
it stands as a solid performance.

Organic growth of 8.5% in ORfA in 2018 can be broken down as
follows:

@ a volume effect of +€85 million relating to the favorable trend in
business;

@ a price-mix effect of +€80 million, made up of a continued move
upmarket, price hikes (for example, in Turkey and Russia) and higher
promotional activity;

l& a €48 million increase in the cost of sales, largely owing to the rise
in raw materials prices (-€57 million vs. 2017);

& a €24 million increase in investments in growth drivers (innovation,
operational marketing and advertising, the latter being now over
40% digital);

@ higher commercial and administrative costs, by €35 million, linked
to both the Consumer business - especially directly operated
stores — and the Professional Coffee businesses, the accelerated
development of which calls for investments, mainly in the sales
force.

OPERATING PROFIT AND NET PROFIT

Groupe SEB reported Operating profit of €625 million in 2018,
versus €580 million in 2017. The total includes a discretionary and
non-discretionary profit-sharing expense of €34 million, versus
€38 million last year, as a result of lower performance in France. It
also comprises other operating income and expense of -€36 million
(-€44 million in 2017), including notably the end of the industrial and
logistics reorganization plan in Brazil, costs linked to the integration of
WMF and an additional goodwill depreciation for Maharaja Whiteline.

Net financial expense came out at -€32 million in 2018, versus
-€72 million in 2017. This change reflects a decrease in the fair value of
the optional part of the ORNAE bonds (bonds redeemable in cash and/
or in existing shares) and the recognition of positive interest income
on the tax receivable in Brazil.

Net profit attributable to the owners of the parent rose 11.8% to
€419 million. It includes a tax expense of €131 million, corresponding
to an effective tax rate of 22.1% in 2018. As a reminder, the effective
rate for 2017 (19.5%) benefitted from non-recurring effects stemming
from tax reform in the United States and the restitution of the tax on
dividends in France. Group net profit is net of non-controlling interests
of €43 million (€34 million in 2017), the increase in which is linked to
Supor’s excellent performance in China.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
BALANCE SHEET

At 31 December 2018, equity totaled €2,307 million, up €343 million
on end-2017.

At end-2018, net debt amounted to €1,578 million, versus
€1,905 million a year earlier, decreasing by €327 million. The drop
comes from a strong generation of operating cash flow, at €552 million
for the year (€322 million in 2017). The working capital requirement, at
€1,120 million, represented 16.4% of sales, benefiting from continued
efforts to optimize various items and from higher mobilization of trade
receivables.

The Group’s debt ratio was 68% at 31 December 2018 (97% at end-2017)
and the net debt/adjusted EBITDA ratio was 1.9, versus 2.4 at
31 December 2017.

BREAKDOWN OF OPERATING RESULT FROM ACTIVITY
In ME

A 1S o + S 6
s XP ho oh

a
g G 0 oh
se & ~yS

SX Seg? g J &
av ew we oo < e &
2.)
g x & &
oo « Vv
ws se
v

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on the consolidated results

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

Capital expenditure was €213 million, compared with €192 million
in 2017; it was, overall, in line with the average for previous years,
representing approximately 3% of consolidated revenue. The main
capital expenditure was on molds and tooling for new products,
production equipment (e.g. injection molding machines, new assembly
lines) and the renovation of certain buildings. This comes on top
of capital expenditure on production-related computer software,
capitalized development costs and the refurbishing of the Group’s
proprietary stores.

CASH FLOW AND CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
In ME

727 806

552

213
192

181

2016 2017 2018

mam Cash flowin €m
-O- Capital expenditure in Em
Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on SEB S.A.'s results

4.4. Commentary on SEB S.A.'s results

PRESENTATION OF SEB S.A.’S RESULTS

SEB S.A., the parent company of Groupe SEB, is a holding company. It
therefore defines and implements the Group’s development strategy. It
holds financial interests that enable it to have direct and indirect control
over Group companies. SEB S.A. also manages the Group’s cash,
implements the financing policy and centralizes the management of
the market risks to which the subsidiaries and the Group are exposed.

The financial statements of SEB S.A. at 31 December 2018 are
characterized by the following amounts and transactions:

An operating expense of €18.8 million in 2018, compared with an
expense of €17.1 million in 2017.

Net financial income of €101.2 million in 2018, compared with
€268.9 million in 2017, representing a decrease of €167.7 million year-
on-year. This net financial income mainly comprises:

| dividends received, which decreased in 2018 to €148.9 million,
compared to €223.4 million in 2017. This decrease is mainly
attributable to SEB Internationale, for €77 million, as the subsidiary
has chosen to focus on the repayment of its long-term loans over
the period, amounting to €190 million;

@ unfavorable currency effects in 2018 of €19.3 million, compared
with a gain of €87.1 million in 2017;

& net write-downs of equity investments of €36.2 million, compared
with €44.8 million in 2017.

ACQUISITIONS OF EQUITY INVESTMENTS

Profit from ordinary activities before tax was therefore €82.5 million
in 2018, compared with €251.8 million in 2017. An extraordinary net
expense of €12.8 million was registered, compared with an expense
of €9.5 million in 2017.

As SEB S.A. is the lead company of the tax consolidation group, it
posted a tax income of €29.9 million in 2018 (compared to €26.5 million
in 2017), corresponding to the tax saving related to the deduction of
the losses of the loss-making subsidiaries from the overall group’s tax
result of €22.8 million in 2018.

SEB S.A.’s net profit for 2018 was €99.6 million, compared with
€268.8 million for 2017.

At 31 December 2018, total assets amounted to €4,680.4 million,
compared with €4,699.5 million at the end of 2017, representing a
slight decrease of €19.1 million.

Non-current assets amounted to €4,305.0 million, down €36.5 million
compared with 31 December 2017. They mainly comprised equity
investments for a net amount of €1,609.0 million, compared with
€1,574.2 million in 2017, and long- and medium-term loans granted
for €2,693.4 million, compared with €2,766.1 million in 2017.

In terms of liabilities, the company’s equity stood at €1,220.2 million
at 31 December 2018, compared with €1,224.0 million in 2017. SEB
S.A.’s total borrowings amounted to €3,193.2 million at 31 December
2018, compared with €3,207.6 million in 2017.

SEB S.A. did not acquire any significant equity investments in 2018 in companies with their registered offices in France.

DIVIDENDS PAID OUT IN THE LAST THREE FINANCIAL YEARS we

2016
2017
2018

Dividends Share premium
75,896,898 2,936,383
85,347,160. 3,236,360
99,677,218 3,727,112

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on SEB S.A.'s results

BREAKDOWN OF TRADE PAYABLES BY DUE DATE

Article D. 441 |.-1°: Invoices received and not settled at the closing date of the financial year
that are in arrears

0 days 91days Total (1 day
(in € millions) (indicative) 1to30days 31to60days 61 to 90 days or more or more
(A) Late payment tranches
Number of invoices concerned 32

Total amount of invoices concerned excl. VAT - - - - - -

Percentage of total amount of purchases excl.
VAT for the year 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%

(B) Invoices excluded from (A) relating to debts and receivables that are disputed aor not reported
Number of invoices excluded 8
Total number of invoices excluded 0.1

(C) Payment deadlines for references used (contractual or statutory deadline - Article L. 441-6 or Article L. 443-1 of the French
commercial code)

Payment deadlines used to calculate late Statutory deadlines: The payment deadlines range from 30 days to 60 days.
payments Contractual deadlines: The payment deadlines conform to the legal deadlines.

SUMPTUARY EXPENSES AND NON-TAX DEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES

Pursuant to the provisions of Article 223 quater of the French Tax depreciation of passenger vehicles. This expense is not deductible
Code, it is specified that the financial statements for the last financial from the tax result according to Article 39-4 of the French General
year contain sumptuary expenses of €23,763 corresponding to the Tax Code.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Commentary on the financial year
Outlook

4.5. Outlook

In acomplicated environment, Groupe SEB posted solid performances
in 2018.

2019 started in a still uncertain macro-economic environment. More
specifically, the Group is expecting a continued penalizing impact
of raw materials and currencies, but to a lesser extent than in 2018.

Against this backdrop, Groupe SEB in 2019 aims to achieve further
organic sales growth and improve Operating Result from Activity.

For the Consumer business, this organic growth is expected to
be more balanced across Europe - particularly France -, Eurasia
and China, which should remain with favorable momentum. In the
Americas, our priority for the United States will be to maintain good
profitability, in a still difficult market. In Brazil, we will capitalize on our

regained competitiveness at Itatiaia in small electrical appliances. In
Professional Coffee, the Group should continue its growth and benefit
in the United States from the initial effects of the integration of Wilbur
Curtis.

2019 will also be marked by sustained capital expenditure in our
manufacturing base. In China, the Group has initiated the expansion
of its Shaoxing site to notably accommodate the production of large
kitchen appliances (extractor hoods, cooking hobs) and its Yuhuan site
for cookware. In Switzerland, in Zuchwill, the plant will be reorganized
to optimize the management of Schaerer significant professional
coffee machine contracts. In France, in linen care, the Pont-Evéque
site will benefit from investment dedicated to plastic processing lines.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
Commentary on the financial year
Post-balance sheet events

4.6. Post-balance sheet events

WILBUR CURTIS

On 8 January 2019, the Group announced the acquisition of 100% of
the activities of Wilbur Curtis, the no. 2 manufacturer of professional
filter coffee machines in the United States. The transaction, subject to
customary regulatory clearances, was finalized on 8 February 2019.

Founded in 1941, Wilbur Curtis manufactures and markets equipment
for the preparation of hot and cold beverages, mainly filter coffee
and cappuccino machines. Its sustained investments, especially in
innovation, have allowed it to offer one of the most sophisticated and
high-quality ranges on the market.

Wilbur Curtis sales have risen steadily, amounting to more than
$90 million, primarily in the US. Major customers include coffee
roasters, specialty coffee retailers, convenience stores, fast-food

chains, hotels and restaurants. Wilbur Curtis maintains long-term
relationships with its customers and is supported by an experienced
sales force that gives it national coverage. Its high-performance
production facility located in Montebello, California, employs 300
people.

Already present in professional coffee with Schaerer and WMF
full-automatic espresso coffee machines, Groupe SEB confirms its
determination to continue expanding in this high-potential sector.
Wilbur Curtis, a filter coffee specialist in the United States, brings the
Group a very valuable strategic complement to its product offering
and customer portfolio. The Group is targeting leadership status in
professional coffee in the United States.

FAMILY CONCERT REAFFIRMS ITS LONG-TERM SUPPORT TO SEB

Family shareholders gathering over 260 people (3/4 of the capital
held by the Founder Group), grouped with their entities, VENELLE
INVESTISSEMENT and GENERACTION’, signed a new shareholders’
agreement replacing the various existing agreements, in order to
strengthen their ties and the stability of SEB’s capital.

This agreement was communicated to the AMF, which published it in
accordance with regulations on 7 March 2019**.

*

Association of family shareholders created in May 2017.

* Opinion of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers No. 219C0415 of 7 March 2019.

Along with other family shareholders, the parties signing this agreement
thereby continue their declared concert initiative, confirming their
ambition to implement a shared sustainable management policy as
regards SEB, for the purpose of ensuring continuity in their controlling
position. FEDERACTIVE and its members did not wish to sign this
agreement and have stated they are leaving the concert.

As a result, the family concert holds 32.27% of the capital and 40.15%
of SEB’s voting rights following the signature of the Shareholders’
Agreement on February 27, 2019.***

** Based on capital and theoretical voting rights in the Extraordinary General Meeting following the signing of the Agreement on 27 February 2019.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2018
