

--- Page 1 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Summary of business performance and
operating results in 2018

Axel Springer looks back on a successful financial
year 2018. The forecast published for the Group in
March 2018 and partially adjusted during the year
was fulfilled (see page 63).

In the reporting year, revenues of € 3,180.7 million were
4.1 % higher than the prior year (€ 3,055.5 million). Both
the value in the reporting period and the corresponding
figure in the prior year take into account the first-time
application of the new IFRS 15 accounting standards
(see section 3(0) in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements). The significant part of this growth can be
attributed to good operational development. In addition,
consolidation effects also contributed, while currency
effects had a negative impact overall. Organically, i.e.
adjusted for consolidation and exchange rate effects,
revenues were 3.8 % higher than in the prior year.

Once again, growth was driven by our activities in the
Classifieds Media segment. Overall, Axel Springer
generated 70.6 % of the revenues in the digital segment
in 2018.

The adjusted EBITDA was € 737.9 million and there-
fore up by 14.3%, compared with the prior year

(€ 645.8 million). The margin increased from 21.1% to
23.2%. The increase in revenue was primarily attributa-
ble to the operational improvement in the Classifieds
Media segment. In addition, the application of the new
IFRS 16 accounting standard, which has been in force
for the first time since January 2018 (see section 3(0)

in the notes to the consolidated financial statements),
also had a positive effect. Organically, i.e. adjusted for
consolidation and currency effects, as well as the effects
of IFRS 16, the adjusted EBITDA increased by 8.5 %.
Overall, we generated 84.3 % of EBITDA with digital
activities in the past fiscal year.

11

Combined Management Report

Compared with the prior year, adjusted EBIT increased
by 4.7% to € 527.9 million (PY: € 504.0 million).

The lower increase compared to EBITDA resulted, in
particular, from the higher scheduled depreciation,
amortization and impairments due to the introduction of
the new IFRS 16 accounting standards. EBIT increased
organically by 6.4 %. The margin at 16.6 % was at the
same level as in the prior year (16.5%).

The adjusted earnings per share from continuing
operations of € 2.73 were 5.1 % above the prior-year
figure of € 2.60. Organically, adjusted earnings per share
increased even more sharply with 8.3%.

At the annual shareholders’ meeting to be held on
April 17, 2019, the Executive Board and Supervisory
Board will propose a dividend of € 2.10 (PY: € 2.00)
per qualifying share.

Outlook 2019

For the financial year 2019, we expect Group revenues
to increase in the low single-digit percentage range.
Organically, we assume growth in the low to mid
single-digit percentage range.

We expect the adjusted EBITDA to remain on the prior-
year level. Organic growth of adjusted EBITDA should be
in the low to mid single-digit percentage range.

For adjusted EBIT, we expect a decline in the low
single-digit percentage range due to higher depreciation,
amortization and impairments. Organically, we expect
growth in the low single-digit percentage range.

We expect the development of the adjusted earnings
per share between a stable development and a decline
in the low single-digit percentage range. We expect an
organic increase in the single-digit percentage range.

For detailed information on the forecast see page 65.


--- Page 2 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Introductory remarks

The combined management report for Axel Springer SE
and the Group are summarized. The information contained
in this combined management report relates to the
economic situation and business performance of the

Axel Springer Group. These statements are also largely
applicable to Axel Springer SE. Additional information

on the economic situation of the parent company Axel
Springer SE is provided in a separate chapter on page 43.

For explanations of the key performance indicators used
and the adjustments of our operating results, please refer
to page 37 et seq. of the combined management report
and section (31) in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

12

Combined Management Report

In the 2018 financial year, changes resulted from the
first-time application of IFRS 9 "Financial Instruments",
IFRS 15 "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" and
IFRS 16 "Leases". Please refer to section 3(0) in the
notes to the cnsolidated financial statements for
information on the changes resulting from the new
accounting standards.


--- Page 3 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Segments

Axel Springer Group

Classifieds

Media

= Jobs
= Real Estate

= National
= International

= General/
Other

Services/

Marketing

Media Holding

= Reach Based
Marketing

= Performance
Marketing

Business model

Axel Springer is a leading digital publisher with an em-
phasis on digital classifieds and journalism. Already today,
70.6 % of total revenues and 84.3% of adjusted EBITDA
are generated by digital activities. Axel Springer operates
one of the world's largest portfolios of digital classifieds.
From an economic point of view, these offers are the
most important pillar in the Group, particularly those in
the subsegment Jobs and Real Estate. In addition, the
Offers in the News Media segment include a broad-
based portfolio of successfully established brands such
as the BILD and WELT Group in Germany or Insider Inc.
in the USA. The Marketing Media segment comprises all
business models that generate revenues predominantly
through reach-based or performance-based forms of
advertising.

Legal structure, locations

Axel Springer SE, as the holding company of the

Axel Springer Group, is a listed stock corporation with its
registered head office in Berlin. The Group also maintains
offices at other locations in Germany. In addition, the
Group comprises numerous companies abroad. The
consolidated shareholdings of the Group are listed in

13

section (41) in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

Segments of the Axel Springer Group

Axel Springer's business activities are bundled in three
operating segments: Classifieds Media, News Media
and Marketing Media. In addition, there is the
Services/Holding segment.

Classifieds Media

The Classifieds Media segment encompasses all
business models that generate their revenues primarily
through advertisers paying for advertising of jobs,

real estate, cars, etc.

Portfolio and market position

Axel Springer has built up one of the world's largest
portfolios of leading online classified portals in the last
ten years. The activities of the Classifieds Media segment
are divided into three subsegments: Jobs, Real Estate
and General/Other. The following graph gives an over-
view of the main brands in the Classifieds Media portfolio.


--- Page 4 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Portfolio Classifieds Media

Real Estate “Biker

= StepStone ™ SeLoger/Logic-Immo = LaCentrale
"Totaljobs/Jobsite = Immowelt = Yad2
= Saongroup = Immoweb = @Leisure

Activities in the Jobs subsegment are organized centrally
under the management of StepStone Germany and thus
realize synergies within the Group. Examples of this are
new products and offers that are made available to all
companies in Jobs Classifieds, as well as the coordina-
tion of development projects. Currently, a joint group is
being formed with the Aviv Group for the activities in Real
Estate as well as General/Other (with the exception of
@Leisure). Across the individual companies involved,

a long-term strategy for the development from purely
listing-based to more transaction-based marketplaces is
being pursued. In the implementation, this includes

the joint development of new products as well as the
improvement of efficiencies by e.g. the interchange of
the existing technical components or algorithms.

Jobs comprises the StepStone Group and its subsidiar-
ies, the leading company among the private-sector job
boards in Germany, the UK, Ireland, South Africa and
other countries. With its portals, which specialize in ex-
pert and executive personnel, according to the market
research institute TNS, StepStone delivers around two
and a half times more applications per ad than its near-
est competitor in Germany. The Totaljobs Group and the
Jobsite Group, which alongside the general main brands,
also include among others the specialist portals
Caterer.com, CWJobs.co.uk, CityJobs.com and
eMedcareers.com, together deliver significantly more
applications in the UK than their competitors.

14

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

In Real Estate, Axel Springer is the leading provider with
SeLoger and Logic-Immo in France and with Immoweb
in Belgium. SeLoger is the largest company in France in
the field of specialized real estate classifieds in France
and has been able to increase its average revenue per
agent through price measures and an expansion of its
offering in recent years, reaching an average value of

€ 765 in 2018 (PY: € 724) per month. The SeLoger
portfolio also includes some highly specialized niche
portals such as: belles-demeures.com for luxury real
estate. Since the first quarter of 2018 Logic-Imo.com
has also been part of the portfolio (see page 26). In
Belgium, Immoweb achieved average revenue per agent
of € 541 per month (PY: € 514). The Real Estate
subsegment also includes the German Immowelt Group,
which was created from the merger of Immowelt and
Immonet and is the clear number two of the German real
estate portals. In 2018, the migration of customers to the
DUO offering was completed, which allows agents to
place their properties on both portals. In the course of
the year, a further step was taken to increasingly focus
marketing activities on customers with higher advertising
volumes. This resulted in another overall significant
increase in average revenue per agent. In 2018, this
averaged € 332 per month (PY: € 294).

General/Other includes Car&Boat Media, based

in Paris. With LaCentrale, the company operates the
leading specialist classifieds portal for used cars in
France as well as other portals related to cars and boats.
Car&Boat Media’s average revenue per dealer in 2018
was € 454 per month (PY: € 410). The Yad2 Group
includes the leading generalist classifieds portal in

Israel for real estate, cars and classified ads, as well as a
leading job board (Drushim). The subsegment also
includes @Leisure, a leading operator of online holiday
property rental portals. The group of companies based in
Amsterdam includes, among others, the portal Belvilla as
well as the company Traum-Ferienwohnungen and the
DanCenter Group (formerly Land & Leisure Group),
which, among others, operates the portal DanCenter.


--- Page 5 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Business model and key factors

The offerings in the Classifieds Media segment mainly
generate revenue from the sale of classified ads.
Companies pay a certain price per ad for placing job
ads, estate agents for advertising real estate, or car
dealerships for publishing car ads. In addition, revenues
are generated through the supply of qualified contacts

or prospects (lead generation), marketing of online ad-
vertising spaces and cooperations as well as through the
provision of software functionalities for customers. Long-
term growth drivers are, among others, the continuing
relocation of classified ads to the Internet, the acquisition
of new customers, and the extension of the product offer
e.g. in the field of lead generation. Moreover, business
developments are significantly determined by the eco-
nomic environment in the respective market segments,
the market position in the respective segment, and online
usage behavior of advertisers and seekers.

Within Jobs, ads are sold to job providers and logins

are offered to online CV databases that belong to the
respective portals in which the job advertisers can actively
search for suitable candidates.

Real Estate primarily generates revenues by selling
advertising and display space to agents, project
developers, housing agencies, or private individuals.

In the General/Other section, revenues are oriented
upon the customer focus of the respective portal. These
include, among others, commercial automobile retailers,
landlords of vacation homes, real estate agents and
project developers. The portals are also partially aimed at
private individuals who predominantly sell second-hand
goods via this marketplace.

15

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

News Media

The News Media segment includes primarily business
models that are based on content creation and funded
by paying readers and/or advertisers.

Portfolio and market position
The News Media segment is sub-divided into national

and international offerings. The main activities in the
News Media segment are illustrated in the following chart.

Portfolio News Media

P National] International

= BILD-Group ™ Ringler Axel Springer Media
= WELT-Group 1 Insider Inc.

eMarketer

= upday

= Politico

The digital portfolio in the News Media National
subsegment mainly comprises BILD.de and WELT.de
including affiliated online portals such as Stylebook and
Grunderszene, as well as the digital appearances of the
magazines (among others Autobild.de). In addition, with
WELT (previously N24) a TV news channel belongs to
the WELT Group. N24 was renamed to WELT in
January 2018.

BILD.de is German news and entertainment portal with
the highest reach, reaching an average of 4.9 million
unique users per day and 22.9 million unique users per
month in December 2018. BILD.de is represented on all
digital devices with its offerings and is available via its
apps for almost all smartphones, tablet PCs and smart
TVs as well as for voice-based products on new mobile
assistants. The digital offers of the BILD Group also
include other theme-specific portals such as fitbook.de,
stylebook.de, techbook.de or travelbook.de.


--- Page 6 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

In the segment of German quality media, WELT's digital
products, with about 20 million unique users per month,
are among the most successful in stationary and mobile
Internet. They are also available on tablet PCs,
smartphones and e-readers as well as a digital subscrip-
tion. WELT (previously N24) is the leader in the News
channel segment and reaches with N24 Doku among
the 14- to 49-year-old advertising-relevant audience
group a market share of 1.3%.

The willingness to pay for digital journalism is increasing.
Thus, in October 2018 Axel Springer's digital paid con-
tent offerings were able to register more than 500,000
subscribers for the first time with BILDplus and
WELTplus. BiLDplus is thus also the largest journalistic
paid-content offering in Continental Europe and is

now in fifth place worldwide.

The print portfolio in the News Media National
segment comprises the newspapers of the family
brands BILD and WELT as well as our magazines.

BILD is Europe's largest daily newspaper with the
highest reach and by far the number one newsstand
newspaper in Germany with a share of 79.6 % (all figures
for the German newspapers and magazines are based
on paid circulation as per German Audit Bureau of
Circulation, (IVW - Informationsgemeinschaft zur
Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbetragern) as at
December 31, 2018). BILD am SONNTAG is Germany's
best-selling national Sunday newspaper in 2018 with a
share of 57.0%. B.Z. is one of the largest newspapers in
Berlin. The automotive, computer and sports media of
the BILD brand family make up a magazine portfolio
around the core brands AUTO BILD, COMPUTER BILD
and SPORT BILD.

In terms of circulation, WELT AM SONNTAG is the

clear number one national quality newspaper. DIE WELT
(including WELT KOMPAKT) is the third-biggest quality
newspaper in Germany based on paid circulation.

16

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

The subsegment News Media International
comprises the international digital and print media offers.

In Eastern Europe, Axel Springer is active with Ringier
Axel Springer Media in the markets of Poland, Hungary,
Serbia, Slovakia and, since 2017, also in the Baltic
States. The portfolio includes leading digital and print
offerings. With the digital offerings, we reach 75.9 % of
the country’s Internet users with the leading Polish
online group Onet. In Hungary the leading job portal,
profession.hu, belongs to the portfolio. As the leading
online publisher, Ringier Axel Springer Media reached
77.3% of Internet users in Slovakia. In Estonia, Latvia
and Lithuania, Ringier Axel Springer Media operates
leading job portals. In Slovakia, the inclusion of the
existing classifieds business in a joint venture with the
Penta-Group has created the leading classified portals in
the real estate and car segments. Print offers include
the largest Polish newspaper FAKT, the leading tabloid
BLIKK in Hungary, as well as other newspapers and
magazines. In Slovakia, the sale of the print business that
was agreed upon in 2017, was carried out in July 2018.

In the US, Axel Springer is represented by the leading
digital business and financial news provider Business
Insider. In order to accommodate the growing and
diverse brand group, the family brand Insider Inc. was
founded. Its portfolio includes Business Insider, Markets.
Insider, BI Intelligence and INSIDER, which together
reach about 350 million readers and viewers worldwide.
In cooperation with finanzen.net, Business Insider has
also been running a German portal. Insider Inc. has also
added a digital B2C subscription offering BI- Prime to its
paid product for business customers BI Intelligence.

eMarketer complements the portfolio of innovative paid
digital offerings in English-speaking countries and
strengthens Axel Springer's position in business news
and information. Based in New York, the company is a
leading provider of analytics, studies and digital market
data to companies and institutions.


--- Page 7 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

The mobile news aggregator upday, developed in
partnership with Samsung and initially launched in
four countries, has been represented in 16 European
countries since April 2017. Since then, upday has
become the largest mobile news offering in Europe. In
December 2018, the platform reached a total of 561.4
million visits (IVW) in 16 countries, one fifth of them in
Germany. upday aggregates content from more than
4,000 different sources. In addition to “Top News”
selected and summarized by journalists, news is
displayed by algorithm that reflect the individual interests
of users in the section of "My News".

The Europe joint venture with POLITICO in Brussels
continued its growth course in 2018 and has strength-
ened its position as the most widely read and influential
EU media brand. In 2018, 69 % of EU decision-makers
read POLITICO at least once a week. The digital paid
offer POLITICO PRO, which was supplemented by five
cross-industry products (so called PRO Horizontals)

and the data-based monitoring platform PRO Intelligence,
contributed to the growth trend.

Business model and key factors

Revenues in the News Media segment mainly
comprise advertising and circulation revenues.
Advertising revenues are generated by marketing the
reach of our online and print media. The circulation
revenues come from the sale of classic print products
and digital subscriptions. The value chain, however, is
cross-media oriented. It encompasses all the essential
processes for the creation of information, entertainment
and moving image content, ranging from conception,
editorial work and production to sales and marketing.
All journalistic content is collected in integrated news-
rooms, some of which are used for more than one
publication, and processed there in accordance with
the demands of our print and online media.

17

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

News Media is marketed predominantly centrally in
Germany via Media Impact, one of the leading cross-
media marketer (measured by gross market shares).
The digital marketing portfolio also includes content
produced by external companies. The cross-media
approach to marketing enables optimal use of synergies,
competencies and reach.

The print business continues to face the challenge

of falling print circulations. For advertisers, in addition to
the circulation development, the reach is particularly
important. In particular, BILD continues to benefit from
the fact that, with just under 9.4 million daily readers, it
has by far the largest reach among daily newspapers in
Germany.

We produce our newspapers, among others, in the three
offset printing plants in Ahrensburg (near Hamburg),
Essen-Kettwig and Berlin-Spandau. We therefore carry
out all crucial steps in the value chain ourselves, from
production to monitoring dispatch logistics. The print
media are distributed nationally and internationally above
all by press wholesale companies, station book trade
and press import companies. In Germany there are just
under 100 thousand retail shops where our newspapers
and magazines are sold.

In the digital business, industry circulation revenues

are still much lower than in the print business but are
recording strong growth. Digital advertising revenues
continue to be highly competitive due to the reach-based
market power of Facebook, Google, and increasingly
also Amazon. For example, Facebook and Google
accounts alone create more than one half of the digital
advertising market in the USA today. A key driver of this
development is the shift in user behavior from desktop to
mobile. However, we see the secure brand environment
that publishers can guarantee by editing content as a
great opportunity. Due to the often viral distribution of
fake news, digital platforms were increasingly criticised
for exposing brands of advertising customers to a
reputation-damaging environment.


--- Page 8 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

The production process of the digital offerings in the
news media segment involves the journalistic preparation
of content with subsequent provision on websites or
other digital resources such as smartphones, tablets

or smart TVs, or the processing and aggregation of
information in databases. Distribution of digital products
takes place predominantly via our own webpages or
download platforms such as the app stores of Apple
and Google.

Cross-media, this segment is influenced by the political
situation in the relevant markets, the economic environ-
ment and in particular the performance of the advertising
markets, in particular. In addition to the general market
cycle, seasonal aspects and one-off effects such as
special editions play a role.

Marketing Media

In the Marketing Media segment, all business models.
are summarized, the proceeds of which are generated
predominantly by advertisers in reach-based or
performance-based marketing.

Portfolio and market position

The Marketing Media segment is divided into reach
based and performance based offers. The principal
activities are summarized in the graph below.

Portfolio Marketing Media

Reach Based Marketing Performance Marketing

= idealo a Awin
= aufeminin”

= Bonial

= finanzen.net

1 Disposal completed in April 2018.

Reach Based Marketing includes idealo.de, Germany's
leading portal for product search and price comparison.
idealo accesses around 2.4 million products with

more than 329 million offers from online retailers

(status: average December 2018) and is also represented
internationally with numerous offers. The product
comparison portal ladenzeile.de is also part of the

idealo Group.

18

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

aufeminin and its affiliates provide online portals, forums
and product subscriptions for predominantly female audi-
ences. In December 2017, Axel Springer announced the
signing of an option agreement for the sale of its stake in
aufeminin to Télévision Frangaise 1 (TF1). The transaction
was completed in April 2018 (see page 26).

kKaufDA.de and MeinProspekt.de operate under the
umbrella of the Bonial Holding Group as Germany's
leading consumer information portals regarding local
shopping. The offerings distribute digitized advertising
retail leaflets predominantly via mobile Internet at a
regional level. The services are offered under local
brands also in France and Sweden (both Bonial), Spain,
Mexico and Colombia (all Ofertia). In December 2017,
Bonial announced the closure of US activities under the
Retale brand, as profitability targets were not met.

finanzen.net, the financial portal with the highest reach

in Germany, offers its users data on the latest develop-
ments in the financial markets on a daily basis. As part of
its internationalization strategy, the portal is, among
others, also represented with an offer in Switzerland, the
US, Austria, Russia and the Netherlands. In addition,
finanzen.net operates two portals in cooperation with
Insider Inc., the German edition of Business Insider and
Markets Insider, a US stock exchange portal.

In the field of TV and radio, Axel Springer is directly and
indirectly involved in leading private radio stations

and thus holds one of the largest private radio
portfolios in Germany. In the second quarter of 2018,
Axel Springer sold its remaining stake of around 7 % in
Dogan TV, one of the leading private television and
broadcasting companies in Turkey, to Dogan Holding
(see page 27).


--- Page 9 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

The Performance Marketing activities are bundled
within the Awin-Group. The leading provider of success-
based online marketing in Europe brings advertisers and
publishers together, giving advertisers an efficient way to
market their products and services on the Internet.

Business model and key factors

In Reach Based Marketing, advertising space is mar-
keted to advertising customers and charged on the
basis of the reach generated by the given media
offerings (number of users or listeners) or the interaction
generated by the reach. Attractive content generates
high reach values and topic-specific environments
enable advertisers to precisely reach the desired target
groups.

Besides display ads like banners, layer ads, and
wallpaper, videos are also increasingly being used

as online advertising formats. In addition, marketing
collaborations and innovative forms of advertising such
as native advertising, sponsoring and marketing via
social media channels are used. Due to the increased
automatic purchase and sale of advertising space
(programmatic advertising) and the progressive spread
of mobile devices, the forms of reach marketing are
constantly changing.

Through Performance Marketing, advertisers can
promote their products and offerings on publisher
websites through advertising such as text links,

banner ads, or online videos. The advertisers pay

only a performace fee to the publishers if the advertising
materials have actually been used and resulted in the
desired transaction for the advertising customers. Our
platforms provide the infrastructure for this efficient form
of marketing, recording data traffic and transactions,
and providing a variety of services to advertisers and
publishers.

19

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Services/Holding

Group services, which also include the three domestic
printing plants, as well as the holding functions are
reported within the Services/Holding segment. Group
services are purchased by in-house customers at standard
market prices.

Management and control

Executive Board divisions

At the beginning of the reporting year, the Executive
Board of Axel Springer SE consisted of four members;
since March 1, 2018 it comprises five members. In its
management of the company, the Executive Board is
supported and supervised by a Supervisory Board c
omposed of nine members.

Axel Springer Executive Board Divisions

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. Mathias Dépfner

Chief Financial Officer

Oy duian Deutz
Executive
Board gg News Media International
Divisi Jan Bayer
ivisions

News Media National & Technology
Dr. Stephanie Caspar (since March 2018)

Classifieds Media
Dr. Andreas Wiele


--- Page 10 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Executive Board responsibilities are divided as follows:

Dr. Mathias Dépfner is Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Axel Springer SE. All editors-in-chief and the
corporate staff divisions of Corporate Communications,
Public Affairs, Strategy, Executive Personnel as well as
the Axel Springer Academy report to him.

Dr. Julian Deutz is responsible for the Finance and
Personnel Executive Board division. In addition to the
commercial departments, his division also includes,
among others People & Culture, Law and Compliance,
Group Procurement, Group Security and Corporate
Audit & Risk Management.

Jan Bayer was responsible for the News Media segment
in the 2018 financial year, and for the national activities
thereof together with Dr. Stephanie Caspar. In addition
to the journalistic product portfolio, this division also
includes Media Impact (Marketing) Sales Impact (Sales),
IT, and the printing plants also belong to this segment.
Since March 1, 2018, Jan Bayer also took over the
responsibility for reach-based offers of Marketing Media
segment from Dr. Andreas Wiele. As of the beginning of
2019, Jan Bayer, as President of News Media Interna-
tional, is responsible for the Group's activities in the US
(especially Insider Inc., eMarketer, Group Nine Media),
Eastern Europe, Switzerland, as well as for the media
brands in France, Spain, for the joint venture with
POLITICO and for upday. finanzen.net and Bonial will
continue to be his executive responsibilities.

Since March 1, 2018, Dr. Stephanie Caspar as Chief
Technology and Data Officer has been responsible for
the overall technology and data strategy and together
with Jan Bayer for the national digital media business.
Since January 1, 2019, being President News Media
National & Technology, she has also been responsible
for the media brands of Axel Springer in Germany,
including marketing (Media Impact), sales (Sales Impact)
and for the printing plants, as well as for idealo.

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Dr. Andreas Wiele, as President of Classifieds Media
(until March 1, 2018: Executive Board member
Classifieds and Marketing Media) is responsible for the
classifieds and performance-based marketing offers
(until March 1, 2018: classifieds and marketing offers)
including the associated investments.

Corporate governance principles

Axel Springer’s corporate governance principles are
aligned with our core values of creativity, entrepreneur-
ship, and integrity. There are also five principles,

the "essentials", which are laid down in a separate

Axel Springer corporate constitution. For more infor-
mation on our internal rules, see the section entitled
“Important Management Practices" in the declaration of
corporate governance law pursuant to Section 289f HGB
(commercial law) on page 73 of this Annual Report.

Basic Principles of the compensation system

The compensation of our employees, all the way up to
senior management level, consists of a fixed and — for
qualifying employees an additional — variable component.
Axel Springer uses variable compensation on the basis
of performance- and success-oriented target agree-
ments, which are concluded annually and include indi-
vidual divisional targets in addition to the Group targets.
With regard to the Group targets for 2018, variable
compensation is based primarily on the adjusted financial
indicators EBITDA and EBIT. A presentation of the
remuneration of the Executive Board can be found in the
chapter "Corporate Governance" under "Compensation
Report" (from page 83). We also provide information

on the remuneration of our Supervisory Board (from
page 86).


--- Page 11 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Goals and Strategies

Axel Springer pursues a strategy of profitable growth,
with the overarching goal of becoming the leading
digital publisher. This goal is considered to be achieved
when the Group is the leader in its respective market
segments and in the countries in which it operates.
Strategic priorities lie in the area of Classifieds Media
and News Media.

Segment strategies

In the Classifieds Media segment, Axel Springer intends
to further expand its position as a leading international
provider of digital classified portals. In addition to organic
development, additional acquisitions should contribute

to growth, depending on acquisition opportunities.
Synergies within the group are used consistently.

In addition, early-stage activities were launched in
the Classifieds Media segment and acquired selected
minority interests (see page 26), in order to identify
innovative business models and providers at an

early stage.

In the News Media segment, Axel Springer intends to
exploit the potential of the strong BILD and WELT
national brands in digital and print as well as the potential
of international brands, such as e.g. Business Insider.

21

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

At the beginning of 2018, Axel Springer rebuilt the so far
brand-based organization of the News Media National
product portfolio and organized the publishing area
across print and digital brands. The editors continue to
work together brand-linked and cross-medially. In this
way, the very different requirements in the publishing
area of the print and digital business should be taken into
account. The print area is about limiting the circulation
decline and aligning our products even more consistently
with the readers in order to consolidate the strong posi-
tion of our titles. The digital sector, on the other hand,
requires greater investment across the brand in techno-
logical innovations in the future. With the digital brand
subscriptions BILDplus and WELTplus, the basis of
paying readers on the Internet is established and ex-
panded. Another focus is the expansion of the video
content in the digital offers of BILD and WELT. The

BILD Group achieves a superior reading and usage time
compared to other competitors thanks to the ever-closer
integration of print, online and mobile offerings and
increases its reach in younger target groups, above all
through social media channels.

The WELT Group is the leading multimedia provider of
quality journalism that can optimally serve both print,
digital, TV and out of home. For this the respective
strengths are used: the digital offerings of the WELT
Group, in particular, uses the moving image inventory of
the TV news channel WELT (formerly N24), while the
quality news channel in conjunction with the other

offers of the WELT Group can further assert its market
position. Furthermore, the WELT Group will use its digital
subscription model to further increase the base of paying
readers on the Internet.


--- Page 12 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Via the central marketer Media Impact, the segment
offers advertisers an attractive, cross-media and
high-reach platform for advertising campaigns. As one of
the leading cross-media marketing firms (based on gross
market shares), Media Impact continues to expand its
external marketing portfolio in the print and digital
segments. The TV portfolio, together with Viacom's
portfolio, is marketed by the video image marketer
Visoon Video Impact.

While at the same time paying attention to the overarch-
ing strategic priorities of Axel Springer, the strategy

in the Marketing Media segment aimed towards the
sustainable growth in Reach Based Marketing and
Performance Based Marketing alike. In Reach Based
Marketing, the strategy focuses on financial and con-
sumer information portals. It is important to increase

the reach and use of offers, increase advertising utiliza-
tion and develop new advertising, pricing and business
models. In Performance Based Marketing, the focus is
on the closer integration of the activities bundled in the
Awin Group, primarily through the standardization of the
technical platform and the expansion of services and the
publisher network.

Organic and acquisition-driven growth
Furthermore, innovative products and business models
are promoted, developed and, if successful, expanded
further via capital expenditures in early-stage activities.
This is complemented by inorganic growth.

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

In all segments, Axel Springer seizes opportunities to
expand the business model by investing in companies
with innovative business ideas, including those that are
still in an early phase of their development. Alongside

the indirect participations in start-ups as part of our
investments in early phase funds, Project A Ventures, in
particular, forms part of the Start-up Accelerator recently
founded together with Porsche, which supports digital
business ideas with high market potential. In addition,
Axel Springer also holds an interest in the LAKESTAR II
investment fund. The investment fund concentrates on
digital companies with a focus on Europe and the USA.
Anumber of direct minority interests are also assigned on
a selective basis to these indirect interests in startups.
Over the past few years, Axel Springer has also estab-
lished an early-phase portfolio in the USA that focuses on
digital journalism. In the Classifieds Media segment, a
complementary focus was placed on real estate in 2018
with minority interests in Purplebricks and Homeday.

Above all, when the opportunities arise, companies that
are well-established in the market will be acquired. We
select suitable investments according to their appropriate
strategic orientation, the quality of the management, the
profitability and the scalability of the company business
model.

Among other things, we assess the profitability of
investments in new or existing business segments using
approved capital value methods that take business and
country specific risks into consideration.


--- Page 13 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Internal management system

We have aligned our internal control system along our
corporate strategy, defining financial performance indica-
tors (which are also our performance measures) and
non-financial performance indicators that measure the
success of our strategy.

Detailed monthly reports are an important element of

our internal management and control system. These
reports contain the monthly results of our most important
activities, along with a consolidated statement of financial
position, income statement, and cash flow statement. We
use these reports to compare actual values with budget
values. When variances arise, we investigate further or
initiate suitable corrective measures.

These reports are supplemented by regular forecasts of
expected advertising revenues over the coming weeks
and months, as well as forecasts of the likely develop-
ment of earnings.

Financial performance indicators

Our focus is on sustainably increasing both our
profitability and our corporate value. The most important
target and performance indicators in terms of profitability
are revenues, EBITDA and EBIT. At the same time, the
adjusted EBITDA and the adjusted EBIT are the basis for
the performance-related compensation of the Executive
Board and executives (more about our compensation
system can be found starting on page 83). These
performance indicators and the adjusted EBITDA and
EBIT margin are anchored in our internal planning and
control system.

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Financial Control Parameters

Selected financial control
parameters on the Group level,

€ millions 2018 2017
Revenues") 3,180.7 3,055.5
EBITDA, adjusted?) 737.9 645.8
EBITDA margin, adjusted") 23.2% 21.1%
EBIT, adjusted?) 527.9 504.0
EBIT margin, adjusted?) 16.6% 16.5%

11 Adjustments of prior-year figures due to the retrospective application of IFRS 15,
see section 3(0) in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

2! Explanations with respect to the relevant key performance indicators
on page 37 et seq

5) Including the increase in adjusted EBITDA of € 45.1 milion from the first-time
application of IFRS 16, see section 3(0) in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

Non-financial performance indicators

In addition to the financial performance indicators,
the following non-financial performance indicators are
relevant for assessing our customer, market and
supply-related performance, even if the entity as a
whole is not controlled by it:

™@ Unique Users/Visitors as well as business model-
related key figures of our online media and the

resulting market position

@ Reach of our media in the advertising market as well
as key figures on brand and advertising awareness

™@ Average circulation of all major newspapers and mag-
azines sold

@ Digital subscriptions


--- Page 14 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Economic Report

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

General economic conditions and business development

General economic conditions

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) notes in its
Outlook published at the beginning of 2019 a slowdown
in the global economy. Accordingly, growth in 2018
should have been 3.7 % in real terms. The third quarter
of 2018 was below expectations in significant national
economies (Germany, Japan). The fourth quarter also
showed weaker economic momentum.

According to calculations by the Federal Statistical Office,
the German economy grew by 1.5 % in price-adjusted
terms in 2018. However, growth has lost momentum. In
the two preceding years, the real growth rate was 2.2 %
per year. The German economy has thus grown for the
ninth year in a row. Positive impulses for growth in 2018
came again mainly from the domestic market. Private
consumption increased by 1.0% in real terms and was
thus weaker than in the prior year. Price-adjusted
investments increased by 4.8 % compared to the prior
year. German exports also developed positively.
Price-adjusted exports of goods and services were 2.4 %
higher than in the prior year. Imports increased by 3.4 %
in real terms during the same period.

The Ifo Business Climate Index fell continuously in the
last four months of 2018. The mood was clouding both
in the area of trade and in the area service providers, as
well as in the industry. According to surveys by GfK,
consumers showed a mixed picture in the last quarter of
the year in 2018. The positive income prospects of
Germans continued to defy the falling economic
expectations.

According to calculations by the Federal Statistical Office,
consumer prices increased in 2018 compared to the
previous year by 1.9%. The Federal Employment Agency
recorded 2.3 million unemployed on an annual average

in 2018. This was 7.6 % less than the corresponding
prior-year figure. The average annual unemployment

rate in 2018 was 5.2%.

24

According to calculations by the German Institute for
Economic Research (DIW), the British economy grew
by 1.3% in real terms in 2018. In particular, the foreign
trade, public investments and private consumption
supported growth. Business investment, however,
declined ahead of the Brexit.

For France, the DIW expects price-adjusted economic
growth in 2018 of 1.6%. At 2.0%, the inflation rate is
expected to be slightly higher than in the rest of the euro
area (1.9%).

According to the DIW, the countries of Central and
Eastern Europe once again achieved a strong
economic upturn in 2018, with a growth rate of 4.4% in
real terms — especially in the major national economies of
Poland and Romania. Economic development in Central
and Eastern Europe was based on private consumption.
In some countries investment also increased — partly due
to co-financing by EU funds. Demand from the Eurozone
has also increased exports.

The USA achieved real economic growth of 2.9% in
2018 according to the DIW analysis. In the third quarter,
the economy was sustained by a significant increase in
private consumer spending. The contribution of business
investment, on the other hand, has decreased.

Industry-specific environment

Advertising market

According to the latest advertising market forecast of
ZenithOptimedia (“Advertising Expenditure Forecast",
December 2018), the advertising market in Germany in
2018 grew by nominal 2.0% over the prior-year figure.

According to these surveys, net revenues of the total
advertising market during the reporting period was
€ 20.5 billion (including classified ads and leaflets, less
discounts and agency commissions and excluding
production costs).


--- Page 15 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

In the online sector in Germany (display, keyword
marketing and affiliate), net advertising revenues
increased by 8.8% to € 7.4 billion in 2018. The digital
advertising expenditure thus represents a share of the
total advertising expenditure of 36.0%. The advertisers
are feeling the pressure of the rapid transformation of
their companies. Marketing communication is shifting
rapidly to online channels in response to changes in
consumer behavior.

In the print media, net advertising revenues of
newspapers (newspapers, advertising papers and
newspaper supplements) totaled € 4.2 billion in the
reporting period, a 4.8% decrease from the prior-year
figure. Magazines (consumer magazines, directory
magazines, directory media) also showed a decline
compared to the previous year, with net advertising
revenues falling by 7.0 % to € 2.1 billion.

Commercial television in Germany recorded an
increase of 3.6 % to € 4.8 billion in 2018 and net
advertising revenues on radio were € 784 million
at the prior-year level. Net advertising revenues
in outdoor advertising slightly increased in 2018
by 0.3% to € 1.2 billion.

According to ZenithOptimedia, the following digital ad-

vertising revenue development is expected in 2018 for
selected countries:

Advertising Activity 2018 (selection)

Change in net ad revenues compared to prior year

(nominal) Online
Germany 88%
Central and Eastern Europe 15.6%
USA 13.1%
United Kingdom 10.8%

Source: ZenithOptimedia, Advertising Expenditure Forecast, December 2018;
preliminary estimates.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Press distribution market

More and more people use the Internet as the main
medium for news consumption. There is an increasing
willingness to pay for digital content in Germany.
Economically successful offers such as the New York
Times or Netflix but also our own paid content offers
prove that media content can be monetized not only via
reached based models, but also via subscriptions. While
digital newspaper distribution, at € 386 million, is not
nearly as high as print distribution (€ 4.6 billion), overall
market growth in distribution will take place online over
the next few years. The print market will continue to
decline. On the other hand, the online distribution
market is projected to grow on average by around 7 %
each year until 2022. The Axel Springer products in this
segment, BILDplus and WELTplus, pioneers with their
respective founding years of 2013 and 2012, have been
recording strong growth in subscriber numbers for years.

The German press distribution market declined
somewhat further. The total paid circulation of newspa-
pers and magazines was 4.3 % below the corresponding
prior-year figure. Thanks to the price increases
implemented in the past four quarters, however,
circulation revenues declined by only 0.5 %.

The 329 IVW registered daily and Sunday newspapers
achieved total sales of 15.7 million copies per publication
date. Compared to the prior-year figure, this corre-
sponds to a decrease of 4.7 %. Newsstand sales

(- 11.5 %) — as in the prior year — suffered a much
greater decline than subscription sales (-3.6 %). Within
the press distribution market, the demand for daily and
Sunday newspapers — as weighted for their respective
publication frequencies — declined by 3.6 %.


--- Page 16 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Total sales of general-interest magazines including
membership and club magazines came to 86.1 million
copies per publication date. Compared to the prior-year
figure, this corresponds to a decline of 5.3 %. IVW
tracked a total of 736 titles (-2.6 % compared with

the prior-year figure). The demand for general-interest
magazines — weighted for their respective publication
frequencies — declined by 6.7 %.

Business performance

At the beginning of January 2018, we transferred the
Axel Springer high-rise building in Berlin to the Axel
Springer Pensionstreuhandverein. Thereby the plan
assets to cover our pension obligations increased by

€ 140.4 million. As part of a long-term lease, we will
continue to use the property as headquarters.

Following the approval of the French antitrust authorities
at the end of January 2018, the purchase of 100% of
shares of Concept Multimédia, which had already been
contractually agreed in 2017, was completed at the
beginning of February. The purchase price amounted to
€ 95.3 million. In particular, Concept Multimédia, head-
quartered in Aix-en-Provence and Paris, runs under the
core brand of Logic-Immo.com, a real estate portal in
France, as well as additional online portals for luxury real
estate and new builds.

The agreement between Axel Springer and Télévision
Frangaise (TF 1) for the sale of Axel Springer's stake in
the French aufeminin Group in January 2018, was
completed by the end of April 2018. The purchase price
amounted to € 291.5 million. The financial resources of
the aufeminin Group at the time of the transaction
amounted to € 72 million.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

In April 2018, Axel Springer acquired 11.5% of the British
company Purplebricks as part of a capital increase and
the purchase of existing shares from the shareholders.
Purplebricks was established in April 2014 in the UK and
operates purplebricks.co.uk, the leading British transac-
tion-based digital real estate platform. The company is
also active in Australia, the USA and Canada. Since
December 2015, Purplebricks has been listed on the
London Stock Exchange. The purchase price for the
equity investment amounted to € 143.2 million, corre-
sponding to a price per share of £ 3.60. In July 2018,
Axel Springer acquired additional shares at a price per
share of £ 3.07 and a total value of € 10.4 million and
increased its stake to around 12.5 %. As of December 31,
2018, we wrote down the investment to its year-end
market capitalization of € 62.3 million. In the course of
the equity investment, Dr. Andreas Wiele, Executive
Board member Classifieds Media of Axel Springer SE,
took over a seat on the Board of Directors of the
company. In December 2018, Axel Springer and
Purplebricks concluded an agreement on a joint invest-
ment in Homeday. Homeday, based in Berlin, operates
homeday.de, a transaction-based digital real estate
platform for the German market. Axel Springer and
Purplebricks each hold 50% of a joint investment
company that acquired 22 % of Homeday GmbH.

In connection with this transaction, Axel Springer's
existing shareholding of just under 5 % was transferred
to the joint investment company.

At the beginning of May 2018, StepStone acquired

the employer branding specialist Universum. The
acquisition cost amounted to € 41.0 million and may in
the future, due to contingent purchase price liabilities,
increase in total by a maximum of SEK 75.0 million
(approximately € 7.2 million). Based in Stockholm,
Universum is one of the world's leading employer brand-
ing specialists, assisting companies to analyze, define,
develop and communicate their own employer brand. The
Swedish company was founded in 1988 and now serves
around 2,000 customers in more than 35 countries.


--- Page 17 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

In the second quarter, Axel Springer sold its remaining
share of about 7 % in the Turkish Dogan TV to Dogan
Holding. For this purpose, we had received put options
for the staggered back-sale of our equity investment
from the Dogan Holding, on the basis of which we
expected proceeds of around € 171 million in the years
2020/2022. During the first quarter of 2018, Dogan
Holding initiated the sale of all media activities to the
Turkish media group Demiréren. In the event of such a
sale, Axel Springer has agreed with Dogan Holding in
April on the early exercisability of the put options for a
total purchase price of € 160 million. Axel Springer then
exercised the put options in May 2018. The sale has not
produced any material earnings effects.

At the end of July 2018, the sale of our newspaper
and magazine portfolio in Slovakia, including the
associated online offerings, was completed following
approval by the relevant authorities. The purchase
price amounted to € 60.5 million.

27

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Overall statement of the Executive
Board on the course of business and
economic environment

Digitization continues to be the defining trend for the
economic environment of media companies. This is
reflected in the development of the segments of the

Axel Springer Group. The overall positive business
development in the financial year confirms our strategy of
rigorously digitizing the company. The organic revenue
growth was driven primarily by the good performance of
the Classifieds Media segment. The increase in earnings
was also primarily attributable to the good development
of the Classifieds Media segment. Furthermore, business
performance was influenced by acquisitions in digital
business models and by active portfolio management.


--- Page 18 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Financial performance, liquidity and financial position

Financial performance of the Group

In the reporting year, revenues of € 3,180.7 million
were 4.1% higher than the prior-year value of € 3,055.5
million. In organic terms as well, i.e. adjusted for consoli-
dation and currency effects, revenues increased by

3.8 %. While consolidation effects had a positive effect,
in particular as a result of the inclusion of Logic-Immo,
Universum and affilinet and in opposite terms due to the
deconsolidation of aufeminin, currency effects had an
overall negative effect. The prior-year figures were
adjusted retrospectively due to the first-time application
of IFRS 15 (see section 3(0) in the notes to the consoli-
dated financial statements).

Revenues from digital activities increased from

€ 1,996.5 million by 10.5 % to € 2,206.5 million.

The digital portion of revenues related to the operating
business was 70.6 % (PY: 66.7 %).

Organic revenue development for digital media is
illustrated in the table below. Consolidation and currency

effects have been adjusted.

Revenue Development Digital Media, organic

yoy 2018 2017
Digital Media 9.6% 125%
Classifieds Media 11.4% 127%
News Media 11.8% 12.0%
Marketing Media 21% 12.4%

While the growth rates in the Classifieds Media and
News Media segments again increased in the low
double-digit percentage range in the year under
review, growth slowed in the Marketing Media
segment (see page 33).

International revenues increased by 5.8% from
€ 1,329.8 million to € 1,406.5 million. The share of
total revenues increased from 43.5 % to 44.2%.

Advertising revenues increased by 7.2% to

€ 2,159.4 million (PY: € 2,014.1 million). Here, too,
consolidation effects had an impact due to the integra-
tion of in particular Logic-Immo and affilinet, as well as
the deconsolidation of aufeminin from the end of

April 2018. The organic increase was 6.3%. The share of
advertising revenues in total revenues increased slightly
to 67.9% (PY: 65.9 %). Of the total advertising revenues,
86.4 % (PY: 83.8%) were generated by digital activities.

The decline in circulation revenues by 6.5 % from

€ 633.0 million to € 591.7 million was mainly due to
market-conditions. In addition, the consolidation effects
at Ringier Axel Springer Media in Slovakia and Serbia
also had an impact. The organic decline in circulation
revenues was 4.8 %. Overall, the increase in digital
circulation revenues could not compensate for the
decline in circulation revenues from printed publications.
The share of circulation revenues in total revenues
slightly declined to 18.6 % (PY: 20.7 %).

Other revenues amounted to € 429.6 million and were
5.2 % above the prior-year value of € 408.3 million.

In addition to operating improvements in the News
Media and Marketing Media segments, consolidation
effects from the inclusion of Universum and Logic-Immo
contributed to this. The deconsolidation of aufeminin had
a counteracting effect. The organic increase was 4.7 %.
Overall, other revenues represented an almost un-
changed share of 13.5 % (PY: 13.4 %) of total revenues.

Other operating income amounted to € 169.5 million
(PY: € 317.3 million) and included, in addition to the
profit from the sale of the aufeminin Group (€ 49.4 million
before sale-related costs), income from the transfer of
the Axel Springer high-rise building in Berlin to the Axel
Springer Pensionstreuhandverein (€ 34.9 million). The
prior-year figure was mainly affected by the sale of the
Axel-Springer-Passage in Berlin (€ 200.5 million) and
effects from the revaluation of contingent purchase price
liabilities (€ 56.6 million).


--- Page 19 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Changes in inventories and other internal

costs capitalized increased to € 93.5 million

(PY: € 87.7 million) in the reporting year and mainly
relate to IT development projects for the development
and expansion of our digital business models.

Compared to the prior-year figure, total
expenses increased by 3.8 % to € 3,003.9 million
(PY: € 2,894.8 million; for the adjustment of the
prior-year figure see section 3(0) in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements.)

Purchased goods and services increased slightly

by 1.0% to € 549.7 million due to consolidation effects
(PY: € 544.2 million; for the change in the reporting

of cost of materials as well as for the corresponding
adjustment of the prior-year figure see section 3(0) in
the notes to the consolidated financial statements). The
ratio of purchased goods and services to total revenues
decreased to 17.3% (PY: 17.8%).

Personnel expenses were € 1,224.4 million

(PY: € 1,202.1 million) and 1.9% above the prior-year
level. The increase is mainly attributable to an increase in
personnel in the digital business models as well as to the
overall effects resulting from the acquisition and sale of
subsidiaries. Partly compensating for this were lower
expenses for restructuring measures and long-term
compensation programs. The average number of
employees increased in 2018 by 3.2% to 16,350.

The increase in depreciation, amortization and im-
pairments to € 347.9 million (PY: 236.1 million) resulted
in particular from the first-time application of the new
standard for lease accounting (IFRS 16) from January 1,
2018 and the associated recognition of depreciation,
amortization and impairments on rights of use of lease
agreements (see section 3(0) in the notes to the consoli-
dated financial statements). The depreciation, amortiza-
tion and impairment of the contractual rights of use re-
sulting from the lease of the Axel-Springer-Passage and
the Axel Springer high-rise building in Berlin, which has
taken place since January 1, 2018, also had an increas-
ing effect. In addition, we recognized impairment losses

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

on goodwill in the Marketing Media segment
(€ 42.3 million) in the year under review.

Other operating expenses were € 882.0 million and,

in particular due to the change in the disclosure of lease
expenses (see first-time application of the new standard
for lease accounting IFRS 16 in section 3(0) in the notes to
the consolidated financial statements), below the prior-
year level (PY: € 912.4 million). Partially compensating was
the inclusion of acquired subsidiaries as well as additional
advertising measures for our digital business models.

Income from investments came to € —62.2 million
(PY: € -39.0 million) and was impacted in the prior year
by impairment losses of financial assets; in the reporting
year, we wrote off our investment in Purplebricks by

€ 82.9 million to the market capitalization as of Decem-
ber 31, 2018 (PY: impairment of our share in Ringier Axel
Springer Schweiz AG). The operating income from in-
vestments included in adjusted EBITDA amounted to

€ 15.5 million (PY: € 16.0 million).

The financial result amounted to € —21.1 million

(PY: € -18.4 million). In the reporting period,

due to the introduction of the new standard for lease
accounting, the interest expense from the compounding
of lease liabilities also increased (see section 3(0) in the
notes to the consolidated financial statements).

Income taxes in the reporting year amounted to
€-147.9 million (PY: € — 130.2 million.). The tax rate

was 41.5% (PY: 25.6%) and was characterized in the year
under review by tax-neutral write-downs on financial assets
(in the previous year characterized by the reversal of de-
ferred taxes due to tax rate changes, especially in the US).

Compared with the prior year, adjusted EBITDA
increased by 14.3% to € 737.9 million

(PY: € 645.8 million). The margin increased to 23.2 %
(PY: 21.1%). Organically, adjusted EBITDA was 8.5%
above the prior year.


--- Page 20 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Adjusted EBITDA of digital activities increased by
16.6 % from € 582.0 million to € 678.5 million. In terms
of operating business, the share of digital business in
adjusted EBITDA was 84.3 % (PY: 80.0%).

Due to increased scheduled depreciation, adjusted
EBIT increased by 4.7 % to € 527.9 million

(PY: € 504.0 million) compared to the prior-year.
Again, consolidation and currency effects had an
impact. The organic increase was 6.4 %. The margin
of 16.6 % was on the prior-year level (16.5 %).

The adjusted net income increased by 2.5% to

€ 335.7 million (PY: € 327.5 million). As a result of a
decline in minority interests, adjusted earnings per
share increased by 5.1 %; organically, adjusted earn-

ings per share were 8.3 % higher than in the prior year.

Net income”

€ millions 2018 2017 ‘Change
Net income 208.4 378.0 44.9%
Non-recurring effects 12.5 -117.0 -
Depreciation, amortization, and

impairments of purchase price

allocations 137.8 94.2 46.3%
Taxes attributable to these

effects -23.1 -27.8 -
Net income, adjusted”) 335.7 327.5 2.5%
Attributable to non-controlling

interest 41.0 47.41 -12.8%
Adjusted net income”

attributable to shareholders

of Axel Springer SE 294.7 280.4 5.1%
Earnings per share, adjusted

(in €?)9 2.73 2.60 5.1%
Earnings per share (in €) 1.68 319 474%

| For 2017 continuing operations, for the portion attributable to discontinued
operations see section 2(d) in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

2! Explanations regarding relevant key performance indicators on page 37 et seq.

Calculation based on average weighted shares outstanding in the reporting period
(107.9 millon; PY: 107.9 milion).

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

The non-recurring effects in the reporting period mainly
related to income from the sale of business activities and
real estate in the amount of € 74.4 million (PY: € 172.4
million) and were almost exclusively related to the gains
(before disposal-related costs) from the sale of our inter-
est in the aufeminin Group (€ 49.4 million), as well as

to the transfer of the Axel Springer high-rise building in
Berlin to the Axel Springer Pensionstreuhandverein

(€ 34.9 million); in the prior year, these effects were
particularly related to the sale of the Axel-Springer-
Passage in Berlin. In addition, equity investment valuation
effects of € - 76.9 million particularly from the write-down
of our investment in Purplebricks (PY: € -55.5 million
mainly related to our interest in Ringier Axel Springer
Schweiz AG), effects from the subsequent valuation of
contingent purchase price liabilities from options on non-
controlling interests of € -7.4 million (PY: income of

€ 34.9 million) as well as other effects from first-time
consolidations of € -9.8 million (PY: € - 14.6 million),
which mainly resulted from acquisition-related expenses
and further effects from purchase price allocations.
Income from the valuation of the long-term incentive
program (LTIP) was adjusted by € 7.2 million

(PY: expense € -20.2 million).


--- Page 21 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Financial performance of the operating
segments

Classifieds Media

In the Classifieds Media segment all business models are
summarized, which generate their revenues mainly in the
online classifieds business. The segment is sub-divided
into Jobs, Real Estate, and General/Other. Since 2018,
we disclose meinestadt.de in the subsegment Jobs
(previously General/Other). The prior-year figures have
been adjusted accordingly.

Key Figures Classifieds Media

€ millions 2018 2017 Change
Revenues 41,2125 1,007.7 20.3%
Advertising revenues 1,167.4 990.4 179%
Other revenues 45.1 173 >100%
Jobs 602.6 4959 21.5%
Real Estate 375.3 290.1 29.4%
General/Other 234.6 221.7 5.8%
EBITDA, adjusted” 487.2 413.2 17.9%
Jobs 245.5 203.1 20.9 %
Real Estate 1726 146.2 18.1%
General/Other 79.9 723 10.5%
EBITDA margin, adjusted 40.2% 41.0%
Jobs 40.7% 41.0%
Real Estate 46.0% 50.4%
General/Other 34.1% 52.6%
EBIT, adjusted” 406.7 361.0 127%
Jobs 197.5 167.6 179%
Real Estate 151.3 135.5 11.6%
General/Other 68.7 66.4 3.6%
EBIT margin, adjusted 33.5% 35.8%
Jobs 52.8% 33.8-%
Real Estate 40.3% 46.7%
General/Other 29.3% 29.9%

1) Segment EBITDAVEBIT, adjusted include non-allocated costs of € 10.9 millon
(PY: €8.5 millon).

31

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Revenues in the Classifieds Media segment increased
significantly compared to the prior-year period by 20.3 %
to € 1,212.5 million (PY: € 1,007.7 million). In addition to
an improvement in the operational performance of the
job portals in particular, consolidation effects also con-
tributed to this, mainly due to the inclusion of Logic-
Immo in Real Estate and Universum in Jobs. The organic
increase in revenues, i.e. adjusted for consolidation and
currency effects, was 11.4%. The job portals achieved a
revenue increase of 21.5%, organically they increased by
16.9%. Again, business in continental Europe primarily
contributed to this growth. The real estate portals
showed an increase of 29.4%. The strong growth result-
ed particularly from the consolidation of Logic-Immo.
Organically, growth was 6.1%. In the subsegment Gen-
eral/Other, the reported revenue increase was 5.8%,
almost entirely due to the organic growth of 5.9%.

The adjusted EBITDA of the segment increased consid-
erably by 17.9% to € 487.2 million (PY: € 413.2 million).
A significant part of this increase can be attributed to
operational improvements in earnings. In addition, the
first-time application of the new accounting standard
IFRS 16 and consolidation effects, especially the inclu-
sion of Logic-Immo and Universum, contributed to the
increase. Organically, i.e. adjusted for the above as well
as for currency effects, the increase was at 11.4%. The
margin of 40.2 % came in slightly under the prior-year
value (41.0%). The main reasons for this were capital
expenditures in marketing, product and technology, as
well as the inclusion of companies whose margins were
below the segment average, especially in the first half of
the year. The adjusted EBITDA for the job portals in-
creased by 20.9% compared to the prior year. As in the
case of revenues, the increase is primarily attributable to
business in continental Europe. In addition, consolidation
effects from the acquisition of Universum contributed to
the increase in earnings. But the organic growth of 14.0%
was considerable as well. The real estate portals record-
ed an increase in adjusted EBITDA of 18.1 %, particularly
driven by improved operating results of the Immowelt
Group. In addition, consolidation effects from the first-
time inclusion of Logic-lmmo contributed to the increase
in earnings, while the investment in Purplebricks resulted
in negative earnings contributions. Organically, the ad-


--- Page 22 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

justed EBITDA of the subsegment increased by
11.7%. The 10.5 % increase in adjusted EBITDA in

the General/Other subsegment was a result of the
improvement in operating earnings as well as effects
from the first-time application of the new IFRS 16 ac-
counting standard. Organically, the increase was 5.2%.

The adjusted EBIT in the Classifieds Media segment
increased by 12.7 % from € 361.0 million to € 406.7
million, organically it increased by 10.6 %. Depreciation,
amortization and impairments / write-ups increased by
54.2% to € 80.5 million (PY: € 52.2 million), in particular
due to the first-time application of the new accounting
standard IFRS 16.

News Media

The News Media segment mainly comprises the

BILD and WELT Group in the national segment, and in
the international area primarily digital media offerings in
Europe and the USA.

32

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Key Figures News Media

€ millions 2018 2017 Change

Revenues 1,496.2 15098  -0.9%
Advertising revenues 678.5 666.1 1.9%
Circulation revenues 592.0 633.1 -65%
Other revenues 225.7 210.6 7.2%

National 14,0704 14,1092 -35%
Advertising revenues 432.4 4483 -35%
Circulation revenues 474.6 5047 -6.0%
Other revenues 163.4 156.2 46%

International 425.7 400.7 63%
Advertising revenues 246.1 2178 13.0%
Circulation revenues 417.4 128.4 -8.6%
Other revenues 62.3 54.4 14.6%

EBITDA, adjusted 228.2 218.8 43%

National 161.2 164.5  -2.0%

International 67.0 54.3 23.5%

EBITDA margin, adjusted 15.3% 14.5%

National 18.1% 14.8%

International 18.7% 13.5%

EBIT, adjusted 158.2 182.9 = 13.6%

National 126.6 150.7  -16.0%

International 31.5 322  -2.1%

EBIT margin, adjusted 10.6% 12.1%

National 11.8% 13.6%

International 7.4% 8.0%

Revenues in the News Media segment amounted to

€ 1,496.2 million and were thus slightly below (-0.9 %)
the prior-year figure (€ 1,509.8 million). The print activi-
ties were unable to escape the market trend and gener-
ated revenues below the previous year's level. The digital
share of revenues was 38.5 % (PY: 33.9%). Organically,
ie. adjusted for consolidation and currency effects, reve-
nues reached almost the same level as in the prior year
(-0.3 %). At € 1,070.4 million, revenues of News Media
National were 3.5 % below the prior year (organically —
4,2 %). Here, the digital share of revenues was 27.8%
(PY: 24.1 %). Revenues at News Media International


--- Page 23 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

increased by 6.3 % to € 425.7 million. The organic
growth was 10.9%. The development of digital
offerings continued to be good, with Insider Inc. leading
the way and recording strong growth. The digital share
of revenues from News Media International was 65.3 %
(PY: 60.9%).

The adjusted EBITDA of € 228.2 million was 4.3% above
the value of the prior year (€ 218.8 million). Organically,
i.e. adjusted for consolidation and currency effects and
effects from the application of IFRS 16, the adjusted
EBITDA was 3.5 % below the corresponding prior-year
figure, which was characterized by positive non-recurring
effects and an exceptionally successful BILD special
edition in the second quarter and strong advertising
revenues in the third quarter. The margin of the segment
of 15.3% came in slightly above the value for the prior-
year period (14.5%). The adjusted EBITDA in the sub-
segment News Media National amounted to € 161.2
million and was 2.0 % below the prior-year level

(€ 164.5 million), organic EBITDA was 8.9 % below the
prior-year figure. In addition to the above-mentioned
effects, higher marketing expenses also had an effect
here. In the international segment, the adjusted

EBITDA increased significantly (23.5 %) to € 67.0

million (PY: € 54.3 million). The organic increase was
also significant at 14.2 %. This was mainly attributable to
the improvement of earnings at upday and Insider Inc.

Contrary to the adjusted EBITDA, the adjusted EBIT in
the News Media segment declined by 13.6% from

€ 182.9 million to € 158.2 million; also organically it
declined by 12.5%. Depreciation, amortization and
impairments / write-ups increased by 95.5 % to

€ 70.0 million (PY: € 35.8 million), which was in particular
due to the first-time application of the new IFRS 16
accounting standard.

Marketing Media

In the Marketing Media segment, it is mainly idealo, the
Bonial Group and finanzen.net as well as aufemin, until
its disposal at the end of April 2018 that are included in
the reach-based marketing subsegment. The perfor-
mance-based marketing consists of the Awin Group.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Key Figures Marketing Media

€ millions 2018 2017 Change
Revenues” 418.3, 4773 -124%
Advertising revenues? 313.4 3575  -12.3%
Other revenues 104.8 1198  -12.5%
Reach Based Marketing”) 235.2 317.7  -26.0%
Performance Marketing” 183.1 1596 14.7%
EBITDA, adjusted” 89.6 95.6 9 -6.3%
Reach Based Marketing 66.7 71.2 63%
Performance Marketing 31.2 324  -3.8%
EBITDA margin, adjusted" 214% 20.0%
Reach Based Marketing 284% 22.4%
Performance Marketing! 17.0% 20.3%
EBIT, adjusted” 66.0 714 14.7%
Reach Based Marketing 55.6 614 -9.4%
Performance Marketing 18.7 24.1 -22.3%
EBIT margin, adjusted" 15.8% 16.2%
Reach Based Marketing 23.7% 19.3.%
Performance Marketing! 10.2% 18.1%

11 Adjustments of prior-year figures due to the retrospective application of IFRS 15,
(in the amount of € 507.2 million), see section 3(0) in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements).

2! Segment EBITD/VEBIT, adjusted include non-allocated costs of € 8.3 milion
(PY: € 8.1 million)

The revenues in the Marketing Media segment

decreased by 12.4% to € 418.3 million, mainly due to
consolidation effects (PY: € 477.3 million). Organically, i.e.
adjusted for consolidation and currency effects, the
segment recorded an increase in revenues of 2.1 %.
Revenues in Reach Based Marketing declined by 26.0 %
to € 235.2 million. Adjusted for consolidation and cur-
rency effects, which resulted in particular from the

sale of aufeminin, the revenue reached the prior-year
level (-0.1 %). The discontinuation of Bonial's US
activities at the end of 2017 in particular had a negative
impact here. In addition, finanzen.net could not quite
match the extraordinarily strong prior year. Revenues in
Performance Marketing increased by 14.7 % to € 183.1
million. The increase was influenced particularly by the
the positive effect of the first-time consolidation of affilinet.
Organic growth was 5.3%.


--- Page 24 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

With a value of € 89.6 million, the adjusted EBITDA in
the segment was below the prior-year figure by 6.3 %
(PY: € 95.6 million). Organically, i.e. adjusted for consoli-
dation and currency effects, as well as the effects from
the first-time application of the new IFRS 16 accounting
standard, the decline was 2.5 %. Due to the higher
revenue declines, the margin in the segment increased
slightly by 21.4 % (PY: 20.0 %). The adjusted EBITDA in
Reach Based Marketing amounted to € 66.7 million and
was 6.3 % below the prior-year level of € 71.2 million. In
organic terms, the subsegment posted a rise in earnings
of 14.7%, due in particular to the discontinuation of
Bonial's US operations at the end of 2017. On the other
hand, adjusted EBITDA in the Performance Marketing
subsegment declined by 3.8%, or 29.5 % organically.
Among other things, higher integration costs of the
merger of Awin and affilinet affected adjusted EBITDA.

The adjusted EBIT in the Marketing Media segment
decreased by 14.7 % from € 77.4 million to € 66.0
million, while organically adjusted EBIT was on the
prior-year level (+0.5 %). Depreciation, amortization and
impairments / write-ups increased by 29.8 % to € 23.6
million (PY: € 18.2 million), in particular due to the
first-time application of the new accounting standard
IFRS 16.

Services/Holding

Group services, which also include the three domestic
printing plants, as well as holding functions, are reported
within the Services/Holding segment. The services of the
Group Services are procured by in-house customers at
standard market prices.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Key Figures Services/Holding

€ millions 2018 2017 ‘Change
Revenues 53.7 60.7 -11.5%
EBITDA, adjusted -67.0 -81.7
EBIT, adjusted -103.0 -117.4

Revenues in the Services/Holding segment decreased
by 11.5% compared to the comparable prior-year period
and were € 53.7 million (PY: € 60.7 million). In addition to
a market-related decline in the business of printed prod-
ucts, the decline in revenues is partly due to changes in
the recognition of rental incomes in connection with the
first-time application of IFRS 16.

Adjusted EBITDA improved from € —81.7 million to
€ -67.0 million, among other things, due to positive
effects from stock option programs, lower project
expenses and lower restructuring expenses.

The adjusted EBIT in the Services/Holding segment was
at € -103.0 million (PY: - 117.4 million). Depreciation,
amortization and impairments / write-ups of € 36.0
million remained at the prior-year level (€ 35.7 million).


--- Page 25 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Liquidity
Financial management

As a general rule, Axel Springer SE provides all financing
for the Axel Springer Group. This arrangement ensures
that the Group companies have sufficient liquidity at all

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

sory notes may be used either for general business pur-
poses or for financing acquisitions.

Cashflows

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Condensed)

times. The essential goal of financial management is to € millions 2018 2017

provide cost-effective liquidity in the form of maturity- Cash flow from continuing operations 565.7 490.7

matched financing. Cash flow from investing activities -120.7 =194.5
Cash flow from financing activities -395.0 -281.7

Net Liquidity/Debt Change in cash and cash equivalents 50.0 14.5
Cash and cash equivalents as of

€ millions 2018 2017 December 31 281.5 216.8

Cash and cash equivalents 281.5 216.8

Financial liabilities 1,530.8 1,237.0 ; ;

—— Cash flow from operating activities in the reporting period
Net Liquidity/Debt”?

-1,249.2  - 1,020.2

+) Explanations regarding relevant key performance indicators on page 37 et seq
2} Incl, lease liabilities in the amount of € 379.6 milion (PY: € 0.3 milion), see section
3(0) in the notes to the consolidated financial statements)

In May 2018, we adjusted the financing conditions for
our credit lines and, in this context, reduced the average
interest rate, extended the term and increased the
financing volume. Thus, were able to avail ourselves of
long-term credit lines in the amount of € 1,500.0 million
(previously € 1,200.0 million), of which its utilizations will
be due for repayment in July 2023 (previously July 2020).
As of December 31, 2018, € 453.0 million (December 31,
2017: € 365.0 million) had been utilized. For interest-
optimizing satisfaction of short-term capital requirements,
we are able - starting in the reporting year - to issue
certain forms of short-term bearer bonds (commercial
paper) with a maximum volume of € 750.0 million anda
term of up to one year. As of the reporting date, no
commercial paper had been issued. In addition, there
existed Schuldscheindarlehen (promissory note) totaling
€ 704.5 million as of the reporting date (December 31,
2017: € 879.0 million), whose financing conditions were
optimized in the prior year by partial termination, conver-
sion and re-issuance. The promissory note run until
October 2020 (€ 69.0 million), May 2021 (€ 11.5 million),
May 2022 (€ 158.0 million), May 2023 (€ 72.0 million),
and May 2024 (€ 394.0 million). The credit lines, the
short-term commercial paper program and the promis-

was € 565.7 million and therefore 15.3% above the
value of the prior-year period (€ 490.7 million). Among
other factors, this development was due to the first-time
application of the new lease accounting standard and
the associated disclosure of the repayment portion of
lease payments in cash flow from financing activities
(see section 3(0) in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements), an increase in prepayments received

for services to be rendered, as well as due cut-off
date-related payment effects. This was offset by higher
net tax payments.

Cash flow from investing activities amounted to
€-120.7 million (PY: € - 194.5 million). The capital
expenditures in intangible assets and property, plant

and equipment, increased in particular due to the new
building in Berlin (total investment volume of about

€ 310 million, of which € 166 million has been called up).
The sale of the new building (sales price of € 425 million
(before tax payments of around € 30 million)) remains
conditional on the completion of the construction and is
anticipated to take place at the end of 2019 or beginning
of 2020. In addition, cash flow from investing activities
includes payments (less cash acquired) for the acquisi-
tion of 100 % of the shares in Concept Multimédia
(Logic-Immo) and Universum (€ 92.8 million and € 39.5
million respectively) during the reporting year as well as
€ 153.7 million for the acquisition of a non-controlling
interest in Purplebricks. On the other hand, this was


--- Page 26 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

offset by proceeds from the sale of our shares in the
aufeminin Group (€ 291.5 million less cash and cash
equivalents of € 72.0 million), the sale of the print busi-
ness in Slovakia (€ 60.5 million) and the early exercise of
option rights to sell all remaining shares in Dogan TV

(€ 160.0 million). Besides the capital expenditures in
intangible assets, property, plant and equipment the
prior-year value contained in particular payments (less
cash acquired) for the acquisition of shares in
ShareASale, as well as for the exercise of option rights to
acquire non-controlling interests in Immoweb, Onet and
MyLittleParis. In addition, the prior year was character-
ized by the sale of the Axel-Springer-Passage in Berlin
(purchase price of € 330.0 million less attributable tax
payments of € 79.9 million).

The cash flow from financing activities of €-395.0 million
(PY: € -281.7 million) was characterized in particular by
the payment of the dividend to the shareholders of Axel
Springer SE, the repayment of financial liabilities and the
first-time recognition of the repayment portion of lease
payments in cash flow from financing activities (see sec-
tion 3(0) in the notes to the consolidated financial state-
ments). In addition, the prior-year figure included pay-
ments for the exercise of option rights for the acquisition
of remaining non-controlling interests in Awin.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Financial position

Consolidated Balance Sheet (Condensed)

€ millions 12/31/2018 12/31/2017”
Non-current assets 5,267.7 4,994.1
Current assets 4,211.2 1,442.3
Assets 6,479.0 6,436.4
Equity 2,884.2 2,802.4
Non-current liabilities, 2,190.3 2,036.1
Current liabilities, 1,404.4 1,598.0
Equity and liabilities 6,479.0 6,436.4

1) Adjustments of prior-year figures due to the retrospective application of IFRS 15,
(each by € 0.9 milion), see section 3(0) in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

The development of non-current assets was character-
ized in particular by the increase in property, plant and
equipment, which resulted primarily from the first-time
application of the new lease accounting standard (see
section 3(0) in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements). In this context, as of January 1, 2018, right-
of-use assets were initially recognized in the balance
sheet, the carrying amount as of December 31, 2018,
was € 261.5 million (including the right-of-use assets
with respect to the lease of the Axel-Springer-Passage
and the Axel Springer high-rise building in Berlin). This
was counteracted by the derecognition of the remaining
carrying amount of the Axel Springer high-rise building in
Berlin due to the transfer to the Axel Springer Pen-
sionstreuhandverein. In addition, intangible assets in-
creased primarily as a result of the first-time consolida-
tion acquired businesses of Logic-Immo and Universum,
which were partially offset by the impairment of goodwill
in the Marketing Media segment. The development of
financial assets included the acquisition of a total of 12.5 %
of the shares in Purplebricks for € 153.7 million (the
investment was written off to its market capitalization of
€ 62.3 million as of December 31, 2018) as well as the
premature exercise of our options to sell all remaining
shares in Dogan TV for a total purchase price of

€ 160.0 million.


--- Page 27 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Current assets decreased mainly due to the reduction in

assets and liabilities held for sale as a result of the sale of
the aufeminin Group and our print activities in Slovakia at
the end of April and at the end of July 2018, respectively.

The increase in equity mainly stems from the consolidat-
ed net income generated and the result-neutral increase
in equity from the derecognition of liabilities from existing
put options for 35 % of Immowelt Group's non-
controlling interests (€ 159.8 million), which lapsed in the
reporting year due to non-exercise. As part of the merger
of the Immowelt and Immonet groups in June 2015,
minority shareholders were granted put options -
exercisable at any time until the second quarter of 2018 -
regarding the 35 % of non-controlling interests; the re-
sulting obligation was recognized directly in equity with
no effect to income. In addition to dividend distributions
to shareholders of Axel Springer SE and to other mem-
bers, the derecognition of existing minority interests in
other companies in connection with the sale of the
aufeminin Group had a reducing effect on equity. The
equity ratio increased to 44.5 % (PY: 43.5 %).

The increase in non-current liabilities is mainly related to
the increase in lease liabilities reported under financial
liabilities due to the first-time application of the new lease
accounting standard (see section 3(0) in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements); in this context, lease
liabilities were recognized for the first time as of January
1, 2018, the carrying amount as of December 31, 2018
was € 379.6 million (of which € 317.6 was non-current,
including lease liabilities from the leasing of the Axel-
Springer-Passage and the Axel Springer high-rise build-
ing in Berlin). On the other hand, the reduction in provi-
sions for pensions was related to the increase in plan
assets as a result of the transfer of the Axel Springer
high-rise building in Berlin to Axel Springer Pensionstreu-
handverein; consequently, plan assets increased by

€ 140.4 million. Furthermore, other liabilities decreased
particularly as a result of the reclassification of liabilities
for contingent considerations due in the second quarter
of 2019 to current other liabilities.

37

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

The development of current liabilities was characterized
in particular by the partial repayment of our promissory
notes and the derecognition of liabilities held-for-sale in
connection with the finalized disposal of the aufeminin
Group and the print activities in Slovakia during the
reporting year. Furthermore, current other liabilities
decreased as a result of the lapse of put options over
35 % of the non-controlling interests in the Immowelt
Group. The first-time recognition of the current portion of
the lease obligations (see section 3(0) in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements), as well as the
reclassification of liabilities for contingent considerations
in business combinations due in 2019 from non-current
other liabilities had an increasing effect.

Explanations with respect to the relevant
key performance indicators

In accordance with the International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS), the performance indicators used in this
Annual Report, adjusted EBITDA (earnings before inter-
est, taxes, depreciation, and amortization), adjusted
EBITDA margin, adjusted EBIT (earnings before interest
and taxes), adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per
share, free cash flow, net debt/liquidity and equity ratio
are undefined performance indicators to be regarded as
additional information.

Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, adjusted
EBIT, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per
share do not include any non-recurring effects, deprecia-
tion, amortization and impairments from purchase price
allocations and taxes attributable to these items. Non-
recurring effects include effects from the acquisition and
disposal (including contribution) of subsidiaries, business.
units, and investments (including effects from the sub-
sequent valuation of contingent considerations and other
option liabilities for the acquisition of non-controlling
interests), as well as impairment and write-ups of in-
vestments, effects from the sale of real estate, impair-
ments, and write-ups of real estate used for own opera-
tional purposes, plus expenses related to the share-
based long-term incentive plan (LTIP). Purchase price
allocation effects include the expenses of amortization,


--- Page 28 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

depreciation, and impairments of intangible assets, and
property, plant, and equipment from the acquisition of
companies and business units.

The adjusted EBITDA margin is the ratio between the
adjusted EBITDA to revenues. The reconciliation of net
income to adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBIT results
from the Group segment reporting. The financial perfor-
mance of the Group contains the reconciliation of net
income to the adjusted net income as well as the deter-
mination of the adjusted earnings per share.

The free cash flow results from the cash flow from
operating activities less investments in intangible assets,
property, plant and equipment (capital expenditures),
plus payments received for the disposal of intangible
assets, property, plant and equipment. These partial
amounts are stated separately in the Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows. Net debt/-liquidity is the
balance of cash and cash equivalents and financial
liabilities.

The equity ratio reflects the ratio between equity and
the balance sheet total as of the respective balance
sheet date.

We regard adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin,
adjusted EBIT, adjusted net income and adjusted
earnings per share as a suitable indicator for measuring
the operating performance of Axel Springer, as these
measures ignore effects that do not reflect Axel Springer's
fundamental business performance.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

To assess our Group’s current financing and capital
structure as well as the future financing volume, we
regard free cash flow, net debt/liquidity, and equity
ratio to be suitable performance indicators.

Non-financial performance indicators

Employees

Axel Springer had an average of 16,350 (PY: 15,836)
employees (excluding vocational trainees and journalism
students/interns). The 3.2 % increase resulted mainly
from the increase in the number of employees in the
Classified Media segment, due to acquisitions and
organic growth in these segments. Abroad, Axel
Springer had an average of 7,835 employees (PY: 7,425);
this corresponds to a share of 47.9 % (PY: 46.9%). The
group employed an average of 7,255 women and 9,095
men. The proportion of women with 44.4 % is almost
equal to the prior-year level (44.1 %). Mainly due to the
sale of the aufeminin Group and the print activities in
Slovakia, the number of editors decreased by 3.3%

to 2,773 during the reporting period. In contrast, the
number of employees increased by 5.6 % to 13,093,
mainly due to the expansion of digital business activities
and new investments.

Employees by segments

Average number per year 2018 2017 Change
Classifieds Media 5,203 4,431 174%
News Media 7,006 6,959 07%
Marketing Media 2,641 2,822 © -6.4%
Services/Holding 1,500 1,623 -7.6%
Group 16,350 15,836 3.2%

The increase in employees in the Classifieds Media
segment was mainly due to acquisitions but also to
organic growth, especially with StepStone and by
acquisition of Logic-Immo. The slight increase in the
News Media segment is mainly due to the organic
growth at Insider Inc. On the other hand, the decrease in
workforce at Ringer Axel Springer Media is a result of
the sale of the printing business in Slovakia. For the


--- Page 29 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Marketing Media segment, the decline in the number
of employees mainly resulted from the sale of the
aufeminin Group; on the other hand, the Awin Group
and the idealo Group have increased their number of
employees. The decline in the Services/Holding
segment can be explained by the reduction in staff at
Offset print shops and by structural effects.

Length of service and age structure

As of the reporting date in 2018, the average length of
service with Axel Springer was 10.0 (PY: 10.1) years;
37.2 % (PY: 37.2 %) of the workforce belonged to the
Group for more than ten years. More than half of all
employees are between 30 and 49 years old. The
proportion of severely disabled employees in the German
companies averaged 3.7 % for the year (PY: 3.7 %).

Equal opportunities and diversity

In 2010, Axel Springer launched the initiative "Chancen
gleichl!". The aim was to increase the diversity and
balance of women and men in leadership positions. At
the end of 2016, a first milestone was reached: The
proportion of women in management positions of 16 %
in 2010 was almost doubled to 32 %. As of

March 1, 2018, the Supervisory Board appointed

Dr. Stephanie Caspar to be a member of the Executive
Board so that since then the proportion of women in the
company's Executive Board has been 20.0%. In order to
further improve the share of women in leading positions,
the following topics should be in focus: Creating the best
possible conditions for reconciling work and family life,
promoting the potential of young women, as well as
promoting women in management positions and devel-
oping a modern and attractive corporate culture. From
this, concrete measures were derived, among others,
systematic talent development with modules such as
succession planning, talent development programs,
(cross-company) mentoring and coaching.

39

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Axel Springer is committed to diversity and tolerance —
based on nationality, age, gender, sexual orientation,
physical ability and religion. Out of this conviction,
numerous networks have been established; for example,
parent networks, networking for tech-women,
cross-company mentoring exclusively for women, and
the LGBTI network queer: seite!. This is also supported,
for example, by the annual participation of the Executive
Board in Berlin's Christopher Street Day.

Human resource development

Axel Springer has consistently aligned its qualification
activities in recent years with the requirements of
digitization and the workplace of tomorrow.

In addition to established seminars and funding
programs, the range of shorter, unconventional and
flexible, usable learning formats has been greatly
expanded, which in addition to the mere transfer of
knowledge, leads also to greater interlinking among each
other. In this context, the collaboration platform
moveoffice (Office 365) was introduced to Axel Springer.
Networking of employees, simultaneous and location-
independent work in a team, open and transparent
communication and the sharing of knowledge are thus
supported and promoted. Axel Springer thus creates the
prerequisites for developing into a permanent "learning
and learning-from-each-other organization" that will cope
well with change of processes.

Increasing synergies, sharing knowledge between
various Axel Springer Group companies, teaching new
knowledge content, and guiding teams to adopt new
work techniques such as agile process work, as well
as preparing the employees for the workplace of
tomorrow, are equally important.

With the Talent Management division, Axel Springer

is investing in the development and retention of high
potentials. Through network events and so-called talent
dialogs at division and board levels, the Group creates
transparency in terms of talent, development opportuni-
ties and vacancies within the Axel Springer Group.


--- Page 30 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Research and development

Axel Springer does not operate a research and devel-
opment department in the sense of an industrial enter-
prise. All areas of the company are optimizing existing
Offerings and working to establish innovative products in
the market. Above all, this means that we are continually
expanding our range of services through innovations in
the digital business, developing editorial content and
expanding our journalistic excellence. In doing so, we
attach great importance to the early consideration of the
changing use of media.

In addition to our investments in companies in an early
stage of development, in the reporting year we have
capitalized internal costs of € 93.2 million (PY: € 87.0
million) in connection with IT development projects in
order to improve and expand our digital business model,
as well as reported € 64.5 million (PY: € 59.3 million) as
planned depreciation, amortization and impairments on

software and technologies that were developed in-house.

Further development of Classifieds Media

The development of new offers plays an important role in
the Classifieds Media sector. The following examples
illustrate this:

The core technology of the StepStone platform, the so-
called Search & Match algorithm, is being continuously
developed further and consistently implemented at newly
acquired companies. With the acquisition of Universum
(see page 26), StepStone has also taken the first step in
anew business segment "Data & Insights". Universum's
Offerings enable employers to get market-relevant infor-
mation which are increasingly important in the recruiting
process on, for example, salary levels in particular job
profiles or employee-perceived attractiveness of high-
value businesses. It is intended to further expand the
offer. StepStone has also developed additional function-
alities in the continuing education sector. Users who are
interested in additional qualification, in order to improve
their chances at the job market, can find the desired
trainings and courses, optimized to their existing
knowledge.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

SeLoger has further developed the offers available to
those looking for real estate by integrating the artificial
intelligence-based algorithms. In this way, the searcher
will be offered even more personalized real estate offers,
which have significantly increased the conversion rates in
practice. Likewise, the offer of geo-based search criteria
was expanded. Strategically, the introduction of offers for
real estate agents is in focus, which will lead them to the
real estate owners willing to sell. This gives agents,
especially in competitive real estate markets, the oppor-
tunity to increase their inventory, which is crucial for them
to earn their commissions.

For example, Immowelt has also further increased the
comfort for the real estate seeker through the introduc-
tion of video-based sightseeing opportunities. Agents
can use an app-based live video stream to show rooms
and answer live questions. This eliminates, among other
things, the necessity of those searching for an apartment
to travel for inspection.

Further development of News Media
Our journalistic products, both digital and printed, were
consistently expanded in the reporting year.

In the digital division, we have made progress on the
product and technology side. Numerous video docu-
mentations expand the contents of BILD.de; with its new
offers such as Snapchat Shows, BILD opens up a new,
young target group. We have established a technology
partnership with Taboola, to further develop the recom-
mended technology in order to improve the optimization
of the application of paid content offer BILDplus and to
enable the utilization of live data for the editors. The

use of an internally developed editor for the content
management system allows editors a simpler and more
efficient way to work.


--- Page 31 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

At the same time, Verimi, of which Axel Springer is one
of the founding shareholders, has launched a cross-
industry initiative for identity services and payments in
Europe, launching a single sign-on service in April 2018.
The aim is to make the use of Internet services much
easier and safer.

Some important innovations for the Group also took
place in the field of News Media International. Business
Insider recorded comprehensive successes through new
formats like Insider TV and BI Today - one of the most
viewed Facebook news shows. Furthermore, invest-
ments into subscription models helped to show a growth
path beyond 2018. The platform business was further
strengthened through important cooperations. As was
the case for the national titles, a technology partnership
was entered into with Taboola. upday was able to
expand its existing offering to additional end user devices
like tablets and smart TVs. In order to aggregate audio
content an agreement was concluded with a renowed
German car manufacturer. In Eastern Europe, Ringier
Axel Springer Media rolled out an inter-country platform
for editing and publishing of journalistic content (content
management system) in 2018. In Poland, Onet together
with partners successfully launched a content-commerce
platform, through which journalistic content will be
monetarised in future.

Further development of Marketing Media

In the area of marketing media, the existing online ser-
vices are continuously being developed and supple-
mented by new ones. The development of innovative
product functionalities and marketing technologies to
increase reach and use of offers and their monetization
have a high priority for our investments. For example,
idealo further expands its direct-purchase functionality
and intensifies its cooperation with the digital services
offered by the BILD and WELT Group, which should,
among other things, increase traffic and make offerings
that are more tailor-made. The Bonial Group is working
to supplement the classic display of brochures with
reach offerings for the advertisers and thus to increase
their added value.

a

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Sustainability and social responsibility

For Axel Springer, sustainability means linking economic
success with ecologically sound and socially balanced
action. These three criteria are an integral part of the
corporate strategy. This is how sustainability is integrated
into the business processes. The Sustainability depart-
ment accompanies respective activities throughout the
company — from measures to improve resource efficien-
cy to social engagement initiatives. The department falls
under the responsibility of the Chairman and Chief Exec-
utive Officer. With our sustainability strategy, we take
responsibility for present and future generations and
create the basis for long-term business success.

Axel Springer had already started to publish environmen-
tal reports in the mid-1990s, and since 2000 publishes
sustainability reports. Since 2005 we have been publish-
ing a sustainability report every two years, which follows
the full list of indicators in the Global Reporting Initiative
(GRI), the internationally relevant format for sustainability
reporting. The current Sustainability Report 2017 was
also prepared in accordance with the Sustainability
Reporting Standards of the Global Reporting Initiative
(GR).

The topics of the report are determined in advance by
market research and stakeholder surveys — those groups
that have a legitimate interest in the company, be it em-
ployees, customers or non-governmental organizations.
The result: Above all, information on product responsibil-
ity, customer satisfaction, journalistic independence,
employer attractiveness, compliance with social and
ecological standards as well as the company's ability to
innovate was in demand.

Axel Springer has set itself the goal of significantly reduc-
ing plastic waste in the company. Therefore, the use of
disposable plastics is currently being reviewed. Likewise,
controlling processes are developed that make the use
of electrical energy transparent at all company locations
worldwide. With the help of key figures, the energy and
CO2 efficiency of the company will gradually improve.


--- Page 32 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Axel Springer’s sustainability reports are audited

by independent auditors. The current sustainability
report was published in November 2018 and is available
at www.sustainability.axelspringer.com. The next
sustainability report will be published in 2020.

Combined separate non-financial report

Pursuant to the Section 289b and Section 315b of the
German commercial Code (HGB), both Axel Springer SE
and the Axel Springer Group are obliged to extend the
combined management report by a non-financial state-
ment and a non-financial Group statement for the 2018
financial year. We make use of our option to publish a
combined separate non-financial report outside the
combined management report, rather than expanding
the combined management report to include the non-
financial statement and non-financial Group statement.
The separate report will be available for download on our
website at go.axelspringer.com/NonfinancialReport.

General assessment of the company’s
financial performance, liquidity, and
financial position by the Executive
Board

In the 2018 financial year, the strategy of digital trans-
formation through organic growth and acquisitions
continued to be at the forefront. The strength of the
operating business was reflected in the repeatedly strong
organic revenue growth of the digital activities of 9.6 %.
Important steps towards non-organic growth were the
acquisition of the employer branding specialist Univer-
sum by StepStone and the French real estate portal
Logic-Immo by SeLoger. In addition, active portfolio
management influenced the business development,
including the sale of aufeminin and the remaining stake in
Dogan TV. The revenues, the adjusted EBITDA, the
adjusted EBIT and the adjusted earnings per share from
continuing operations were higher than in the previous
year. Net debt increased due to the first-time application
of IFRS 16 and the corresponding recognition of lease

42

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

liabilities. With a very strong cash flow, an as before solid
balance sheet structure, and the favorable financing
options available to us, we continue to be in a good
position to make the necessary investment to realize
future growth.

We continue to believe that the path of systematic

digitization is the right strategy for further improving the
company’s profitability in the future.

Financial performance, liquidity, and financial position

Selected Group Key Figures (in €

millions) 2018 2017
Revenues’) 3,180.7 3,055.5
EBITDA, adjusted) 737.9 645.8
EBITDA margin adjusted’?! 23.2% = 21.1%
EBIT, adjusted? 527.9 504.0
Tax rate 41.5% 25.6%
Net income 208.4 378.0
Net income, adjusted”! 335.7 327.5
Earnings per share, adjusted (in €)2415) 2.73 2.60
Dividend per share (in €)® 2.10 2.00
Total dividends 226.6 215.8
Net debt/liquidity2” -1,249.2 — -1,020.2
Free cash flow? 346.9 497.4

1) Adjustments of prior-year figures due to the retrospective application of IFRS 15,

see section 3(0) in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

2! Explanations regarding relevant key performance indicators on page 37 et seq.

5) Including the increase in adjusted EBITDA of € 45.1 milion from the first-time
application of IFRS 16, see section 3(0) in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

| For 2017 continuing operations, for the portion attributable to discontinued opera-

tions see section 2(d) in the notes to the consolidated financial statements,

5) Calculation based on average weighted shares outstanding in the reporting period

(107.9 millon; PY: 107.9 million),

©The dividend for the financial year 2018 is subject to the condition of approval by

the annual shareholders’ meeting.

71 As of December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2017, respectively.


--- Page 33 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Economic position of Axel Springer SE

Economic position of Axel Springer SE

€mi iS 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014
Revenues 851.1 823.2 833.1 925.9 1,174.6
Net income 124.3 271.9 296.4 213.5 590.8
Withdrawal from / transfer to retained earnings 102.3 56.1 91.4 19.3 412.7
Total dividends") 226.6 215.8 205.0 194.2 178.1
Dividend per share (in €)" 2.10 2.00 1.90 1.80 1.80

| The dividend for the financial year 2018 is subject to the condition of approval by the annual shareholders’ meeting.

Introductory remarks

Axel Springer SE is the parent company of the Axel
Springer Group. Due to its subsidiaries, which Axel
Springer SE controls directly or indirectly, the business
development is subject to the same risks and opportuni-
ties as the entire group. These are presented in the
Report on risks and opportunities (see page 47 et seqq.).
Also, the anticipations regarding the development of Axel
Springer SE correspond to the essential expectations
described in the forecast report (see page 65).

The following explanations are based on the annual
financial statements of Axel Springer SE, which was
prepared in accordance with the provisions of the
German Commercial Code and the German Stock
Corporation Act. The annual financial statements and
management report are published in the German Federal
Gazette and published on the Axel Springer SE website.

Business activity

Axel Springer SE is operationally active in the News
Media National segment and publishes in particular
national daily and weekly newspapers. As a result of
the reorganization of the national publishing divisions
completed in the reporting year, the operating business
activity since the beginning of 2018 also includes offers
from the digital portfolio of newspapers as well as car,
computer and sports magazines. Axel Springer SE,

as the parent company of the Axel Springer Group,
carries out holding functions, manages group-wide
liquidity management and provides additional services
to Group companies. The general economic conditions
of Axel Springer SE correspond essentially to those of

the Group and are described in the economic report
(see page 24 et seqq.).

Financial performance

Income statement (Condensed)

€ millions 2018 2017
Revenues 851.1 823.2
Other operating income 190.3 312.4
Purchased goods and services -221.6  -199.9
Personnel expenses -210.0  -240.4
Amortization, depreciation and

impairments of intangible assets and

property, plant and equipment -10.0 -19.0
Other operating expenses -467.3  -422.5
Net income from non-current financial

assets 68.2 216.8
Net interest income -22.3 -33.2
Income taxes -54.1 -165.7
Net income 124.3 271.9

Revenues increased by € 27.9 million, i.e. 3.4% in the
reporting year, mainly due to the expansion of business
activity. The increase in advertising revenues and other
revenues by € 34.3 million or € 17.1 million was offset by
a decline in circulation revenues by € 23.5 million.

Other operating income fell by € 122.1 million compared
to € 190.3 million compared to the prior-year. This was
particularly due to lower income from property trans-
actions. At the beginning of 2018, the Axel Springer
high-rise (main building) in Berlin was transferred to the


--- Page 34 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Axel Springer Pensionstreuhand e.V. to further secure
the pension obligations by building plan assets. This
resulted in a profit of € 148.3 million. In the prior year,
the sale of the Axel-Springer-Passage in Berlin, which
was completed at the end of 2017, resulted in a profit of
€ 281.8 million.

The cost of purchased goods and services increased
by € 21.7 million to € 221.6 million, primarily as a result
of increased services provided by subsidiaries for the
production of the additional digital offerings.

The personnel expenses decreased to € 210.0 million
(PY: € 240.4 million). Lower expenses resulted in
particular from the valuation of share-based compen-
sation programs and restructuring measures. At the
same time, the average number of employees fell by
6.0 % from 1,427 in the prior year to 1,341 in the
reporting year. This was offset by higher pension
expenses resulting from the measurement of pension
obligations due to a lower discount interest rate.

The depreciation, amortization and impairments.
declined in the reporting year particularly based on real
estate transactions at the end of 2017, i.e. beginning of
2018 to € 9.0 million from € 10.0 million.

The increase in other operating expenses to

€ 467.3 million (PY: € 422.5 million) resulted in
particular from lease expenses for the lease back of
the Axel-Springer-Passage and the Axel Springer
high-rise (main building) as well as marketing and
publishing expenses in connection with the additional
Offering of digital products.

The net income from non-current financial assets

(€ 68.2 million; PY: € 216.8 million) included in
particular the profit transfers from subsidiaries, which
amounted to € 211.3 million, which is € 19.7 million
lower than in the prior year. Furthermore, the valuation
of investments and loans resulted in impairments of

€ 177.8 million (PY: € 37.2 million), and write-ups of the
carrying amount of investments to the amount of

€ 13.3 million (PY: € 1.1 million).

Combined Management Report

The net interest income for the reporting year was

€ -22.3 million (PY: € —33.2 million) and mainly
comprised interest expenses from the utilized revolving
credit facility and the promissory note loan as well as

the valuation of the pension obligations. The decline
compared to the prior year is mainly due to lower interest
expenses from pension accounting due to higher income
from plan assets. In addition, the net interest income of
the prior year included prepayment fees in connection
with the restructuring of existing promissory note loans.

Income taxes amounted to € 54.1 million (PY: € 165.7
million). The decline compared to the previous year is
particularly related to the real estate transactions of the
reporting and prior year.

The 2018 financial year ended with a net income of
€ 124.3 million (PY: € 271.9 million).

Liquidity

The net debt (liabilities due to banks and promissory note
less cash and cash equivalents) amounted to € 1,097.4
million as of December 31, 2018 (December 31, 2017:

€ 1,198.8 million).

Long-term revolving credit facilities were increased by

€ 300.0 million in the reporting year to € 1,500.0 million
and € 453.0 million had been utilized at the reporting
date (December 31, 2017: € 365.0 million). Furthermore,
there were liabilities from promissory notes of € 704.5
million (December 31, 2017: € 879.0 million), whose
financing conditions were optimized in the prior year
through partial termination, conversion and redrafting.

For interest-optimized coverage of short-term capital
requirements, Axel Springer was able to issue certain
forms of short-term bearer bonds (commercial paper)
with a maximum volume of € 750.0 million and a term of
up to one year starting from the reporting year. As of the
reporting date, no commercial paper had been issued.


--- Page 35 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Financial position

Balance Sheet (Condensed)

€ millions 12/31/2018 12/31/2017
Intangible assets and property, plant and

equipment 218.7 153.8
Non-current financial assets 5781.2 5,643.5
Receivables from affiliated companies 124.5 171.2
Cash and cash equivalents 61.2 45.2
Other assets 49.7 63.9
Total assets 6235.3 6,077.6
Equity 2,541.2 2,632.7
Provisions 168.6 333.2
Liabilities due to banks and promissory

note 11586 1,244.0
Liabilities to affiliated companies 2,286.1 1,796.6
Other liabilities 80.8 7A

Total equity and liabilities 6,235.3 6,077.6

The balance sheet total increased by € 157.7 million to
€ 6,235.3 million in the reporting year. Non-current as-

sets amounted to € 5,999.9 million (December 31, 2017:

€ 5,797.3 million) and represented 96.2 % (December
31, 2017: 95.4 %) of total assets. 42.4 % of total assets
(December 31, 2017: 45.4 %) were covered by equity.

The increase in intangible assets and property, plant and
equipment of € 64.9 million to € 218.7 million as at
December 31, 2018 is particularly attributable to the
construction of the new Axel Springer building in Berlin.

Combined Management Report

Non-current financial assets increased by € 137.7 million
to € 5,781.2 million in the reporting year. This increase
was mainly due to loans granted and additional pay-
ments in capital reserves of subsidiaries to finance com-
pany acquisitions. This was offset by impairment losses
on investments and loans due to lower fair values as of
the balance sheet date.

Receivables from affiliated companies (€ 124.5 million;
December 31, 2017: € 171.2 million) and liabilities to
affiliated companies (€ 2,286.1 million; December

31, 2017: € 1,796.6 million) resulted mainly from group-
wide liquidity management. This increase in liabilities in
the reporting year was mainly due to cash inflows from
the sale of investments.

Equity as of December 31, 2018 decreased by

€ 91.5 million compared to the prior year's reporting
date and amounted to € 2,541.2 million (December
31, 2017: € 2,632.7 million). The net income for the
reporting year (€ 124.3 million) only partially compen-
sated for the reduction in equity due to the dividend
payment for the past financial year (€ 215.8 million).
The equity ratio fell to 40.8 % as of the reporting date
(December 31, 2017: 43.3%).

Compared with the prior-year balance sheet date

other provisions fell by € 164.6 million to € 168.6 million
(December 31, 2017: € 333.2 million). The main reasons
for the decline were lower pension provisions due to
increased plan assets and lower obligations from
share-based compensation programs.


--- Page 36 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Profit utilization proposal

The Supervisory Board and Executive Board propose
that the company applies the full amount of the distribut-
able profit of € 226.6 million (PY: € 215.8 million) to pay
a dividend of € 2.10 (PY: € 2.00) per qualifying share for
the 2018 financial year.

The company does not currently hold any treasury
shares, so that all the company’s shares qualify for
dividends. However, the number of shares qualifying

for dividends may be reduced in the time remaining
before the annual shareholders’ meeting. In that case,
an adjusted profit utilization proposal will be submitted to
the annual shareholders’ meeting, without changing the
target dividend of € 2.10 per qualifying share.

Combined Management Report

Dependency Report

The Executive Board of Axel Springer SE submitted

the dependency report prescribed by section 312 of the
German Stock Corporations Act (Aktiengesetz — AktG)
to the Supervisory Board and made the following
concluding statement:

“According to the circumstances known to the
management at the time of each transaction with an
affiliated company, Axel Springer SE received adequate
consideration for every such transaction and did not take,
or fail to take, any actions in the reporting period, either
at the behest or in the interest of the controlling company
or a company affiliated with the controlling company.”


--- Page 37 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Report on risks and opportunities

As an international group, Axel Springer is exposed to a
large number of internal and external influences that can
have a significant effect on the achievement of our goals.
We define risks as the possibility of a negative deviation
of the company's development from our goals, while
opportunities represent the possibility of a deviation in a
positive sense. Based on this, upcoming chances to
increase our return and our enterprise value shall be
used whereas risks shall only be taken in case they seem
acceptable and appropriate for the company. Thus, risks
should be limited to a level deemed acceptable by taking
appropriate measures, be transferred to third parties in
full or in part, or, in those cases where risk mitigation is
not considered advisable, be avoided or monitored
closely.

Risk management system

The risk management process is aligned to identify and
assess all material risks and risks that are potentially
existence-threatening as early as possible in order to be
able to take appropriate countermeasures. The general
form of structures and processes in the risk manage-
ment system at Axel Springer are based on the interna-
tionally recognized “Enterprise Risk Management
Framework", a framework developed by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of Treadway Commission
(COSO).

Overall responsibility for an effective risk management
lies with the Executive Board of Axel Springer SE, the
operational management of the individual risks falls pri-
marily within the area of responsibility of the respective
company divisions or holdings of Axel Springer. This
includes the early detection, identification and assess-
ment of sector- or company-specific risks, the definition
of suitable measures, their management and control as
well as adequate documentation and reporting.

47

In addition, the respective divisional and senior manage-
ments of our companies are required to participate in the
regular, systematic and standardized risk surveys.
Significant ad-hoc changes in the risk situation must

be reported to central Corporate Risk Management
immediately.

Central Corporate Risk Management provides overarch-
ing standards, methods and tools, manages both
semi-annual and annual risk surveys and ensures report-
ing to the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board and
the Executive Board. It coordinates the risk management
activities at the Group level and plausibility testing of the
reported risks against completeness. In addition, central
Corporate Risk Management continuously develops the
risk management system of Axel Springer.

Insofar as it is appropriate and quantifiable risks are
assessed with reference to the parameters “loss amount”
(impact) and “probability of occurrence”, quantitatively or
on the basis of qualitative criteria. A qualitative assess-
ment of the potential damage is based on criteria such
as operational effects, impact on our reputation or legal
consequences. Since the risk survey 2018, measures for
counteracting or reducing risk have been taken into
account directly in the risk assessment (net assessment).
The net risk determined in this way is assessed in terms
of its probability of occurrence. The subsequent classifi-
cation of the risks takes place in a graded risk matrix
introduced in this reporting year.


--- Page 38 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Risk Matrix of Axel Springer SE

I Significant risks

IB Existentially threatening
risks

Risk not relevant to the group
Hl Other risks
|) Risks to be monitored

Extent of damage in kEUR (qualitative/quantitative)

21.000 5.000 10.000 20.000

To assess the priority of the overall risk portfolio, the risks
are categorized as threatening the continued existence,
relevant, to monitor, other, or not relevant to the Group.

The Group auditor examines the risk early warning
system in accordance with Section 91 Para. (2) of the
German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) for its suitability for
early detection of developments that could jeopardize
the continued existence of Axel Springer SE and reports
the results to the Audit Committee of the Supervisory
Board of Axel Springer SE.

Opportunity management system

Axel Springer pursues the goal of sustainably securing
entrepreneurial success. Potential opportunities

arising from positive developments in the course

of business activities should be identified early and
exploited. As part of the management, strategy and
planning processes, potential internal and external
opportunities are identified and analysed for the business
units and shareholdings of Axel Springer. External
opportunities are offered, for example, by changing
market structures or customer requirements; internal

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

opportunities arise from product innovations or quality
improvements. Basis for the opportunity identification are
e.g. market and competition monitoring, analysis and
regular dialog with experts. In considering the risks
involved, identified opportunities are fundamental to
corporate decision-making and the introduction of
corresponding measures, such as measures regarding
investments in new markets or technologies. The
management of opportunities throughout the Group

is the responsibility of the Executive Board and is
decentralized by the operational divisions and their
management or divisional heads.

Internal audit system

Corporate Audit is organizationally assigned to the
Corporate Audit & Risk Management division, which is
functionally subordinate to the Executive Board and
under the Executive Board member in charge of
Personnel and Finance in disciplinary terms. It is
subdivided into the teams Operational Audit and IT Audit,
which are separated by organization and personnel from
the team Corporate Risk Management.

Corporate Audit provides risk-oriented consulting and
audits in all Group companies and divisions, aligning its
activities with the relevant national and international
professional standards. In particular, the department has
the task of systematically reviewing the adequacy and
functionality of the internal control and monitoring system
in a risk-oriented manner and, if necessary, to undertake
measures for remedying the weaknesses. In order to
maintain independence, the audit mandate of Corporate
Audit with regard to risk management extends only to
the decentralized components. Central risk management
is regularly subject to an effectiveness review by qualified,
external audit service providers.


--- Page 39 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Corporate Audit monitors the correct and timely
implementation of the agreed measures to eliminate the
identified vulnerabilities based on a systematic process
(follow-up).

The results of individual audit or consultancy mandates
are typically reported to the Executive Board and
periodically summarized to the Audit Committee of the
Supervisory Board.

To ensure the effectiveness of the internal audit system,
a quality assurance and improvement process is set up,
which includes amongst other things external quality
assessments in accordance with professional guidelines.

Report on the financial reporting related
risk management system and internal
control system

An integral part of the internal monitoring system of
Axel Springer SE is the financial reporting-related risk
management system and the connected internal control
system, which is also based on the COSO framework
(see page 47). The effective interaction of these systems
should ensure the regularity, completeness and reliability
of accounting and financial reporting. The financial
reporting is therefore intended to ensure that the Group’s
financial reports convey a true and fair view of the
financial position, liquidity, and financial performance of
Axel Springer SE and the Axel Springer Group, in
compliance with all relevant laws, and standards. The
financial reporting-related risk management and the
internal control system include all organizational
regulations and measures aimed at the detection and
management of risks related to accounting and financial
reporting. However, even an effective and therefore
adequate and functional risk management system

and internal control system does not provide absolute
certainty to prevent or detect any irregularities or
inaccuracies.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Key elements of the financial reporting-related risk
management and internal control system are:

™ Processes for identifying, assessing, and document-
ing all significant financial reporting-related processes
and risk areas, as well as the corresponding key
controls.

™@ Process-integrated controls (computer-aided
controls, validation of report data, dual control
principle, separation of functions, analytical controls).

™@ Standardized financial accounting processes, through
the use of an internal, intra-group shared services
center in which a large part of the consolidated
German Group companies are integrated.

™@ Group-wide requirements for accounting guidelines,
charts of accounts and reporting processes.

@ Quarterly communication of information to all
consolidated Group companies on developments
related to accounting, and the process of preparing
the financial statements.

™@ Assuring the requisite expertise of employees involved
in the financial accounting and financial reporting
process by means of appropriate selection proce-
dures and training. Use of external experts, e.g. for
pension accounting and selected valuation tasks.

™ Centralized preparation of the consolidated financial
statements (including management report) using
manual and system-specific controls with regard to
accounting-specific relationships.

@ Protection of financial reporting-related IT systems
from unauthorized access by authorization restrictions.

@ Monthly internal Group reports including analysis
and reporting of significant developments and budg-
et/actual variances. Regular, group-wide
reporting to the persons responsible for reporting, the
Executive Board and the Supervisory Board.


--- Page 40 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

The effectiveness of the financial reporting-related risk
management system and the internal control system is
monitored by means of process integrated controls.

As a process-independent authority, Group Auditing will
inspect at regular intervals randomly selected elements
of the financial reporting-related internal control system
organized at central level and in the Group companies,
in order to uncover weaknesses and thus contribute
towards improving the legal conformity with rules and
regulations (compliance). In addition, the Audit Commit-
tee of the Supervisory Board monitors the financial
reporting processes and the effectiveness of the
financial reporting-related internal control system and risk
management system.

Risks and opportunities

If not stated elsewhere, all risks and opportunities which
have a considerable effect on reaching our company-
wide targets will be mentioned in the following. Within
the areas described below, risks and opportunities are
typically presented in the order of their priority for the
Group. In order to avoid repetition and in interest of
readability it was deviated from it, if necessary.

The risks and opportunities indicated at the balance
sheet date and illustrated below are primarily based on
the 2019 forecast period, unless they relate to long-term
objectives.

Market and competition risks

Market and competition risks basically relate to

changes in sales and purchasing conditions as well as
the development of competing suppliers. Since Axel
Springer operates and acquires globally, a large number
of economic factors must be taken into account to
determine market risks. Economic forecasts, above all
for the important sales markets of Germany, Europe and
the USA, serve as overarching indicators for assessing
market and competition risks.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Details of the economic development and growth
assumptions in 2019, especially for our relevant sales
markets, are described in detail in the "Forecast report"
section of the management report. According to details
stipulated there, the following risks may occur.

The trade dispute between USA and China in 2019
could also have negative effect on global growth and
investment, resulting in losses in wealth in the countries
involved.

Great uncertainties may also occur from the progress of
Brexit. An unregulated Brexit would have far-reaching
consequences and would fundamentally transform the
European value chains.

The development of the general macroeconomic
conditions will continue to be critically observed in 2019
due to the identified economic-political risks.

Classifieds Media and Marketing Media

The Classifieds Media and Marketing Media segments as
well as News Media (see page 13 et seqq.) continue to
be subject to strong market and competitive dynamics,
which could lead to market share losses for our business
models and thus to lower revenues and earnings.
Especially the competition by the global Internet
corporations Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon,
called GAFA for short, is steadily increasing. These
companies not only pool specialized knowledge in their
corporations, but also point the way in the course of
digitized globalization, penetrating new market segments
and possibly even competing with our activities.

Start ups with innovative or disruptive business models,
missing (market) trends and new technologies, as well as
generally the lack of further development of our products,
could also potentially jeopardize our existing market
position and lead to lower sales and earnings.


--- Page 41 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

In order to limit the market and competition risks, a
systematic and continuous monitoring of the relevant
market and competitive environment and emerging
trends is carried out. Control measures for operational

management are derived on the basis of this information.

We enhance the attractiveness of our business models
by investing in innovative products development and
customization and new high-quality services, the use
of new technologies, target-oriented marketing and
increase in brand awareness. With these measures,

we want to meet the changing needs of our customers
while at the same time maintaining or expanding our
competitive edge. The hiring and further development
of highly qualified specialists and the expansion of long-
term customer relationships also reduces risk.

In addition, new business models are constantly being
tested, and our product portfolio supplemented both
nationally and increasingly internationally.

Many of our Classifieds Media and Marketing Media, as
well as News Media (see page 13) offerings continue to
be constantly faced with the risk of a sudden loss of
visibility resulting from the dominance of large internet
search engines. The ever-changing and sometimes
non-transparent criteria of the search algorithms lead to
unexpected loss of visibility and can therefore have a
significant impact on the current and future revenue
situation. Even small increases and decreases in the
visibility or placement on the results pages can lead

to significant traffic loss and concomitant decline in
traffic-related revenues for certain business models.

51

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

We counter this risk by professional search engine
marketing, the improvement of the online page structure
and the expansion of alternative traffic sources. At

the same time, the continuous improvement of the
attractiveness of our offerings and the increase of
awareness of the brands and offers of Axel Springer are
in the foreground, in order to make their range and use
more independent of offers of third parties, in particular
the search engine visibility.

In the field of real estate, our national offerings face the
risk of introducing the “Bestellerprinzip” for purchase real
estate. The “Bestsellerprinzip" had already been intro-
duced in the year 2015 in the area of rental apartment
agencies and states that those who commissioned the
agent should pay the agent's costs — so in the field of
real estate purchase it is usually the seller. This could
result in sellers forgoing an agent, so that the individual
agent earns less profit. As a result, micro-agents could
give up their business and would be replaced by larger
agencies. Our real estate portal Immowelt would be
confronted with changes on the customer side. In
addition, customers would have lower revenues, which
could potentially affect our sales performance. However,
the experience from other countries, where similar
regulations apply and the mandating seller pays the
agent fees, shows that the impact on the leading
providers remains manageable, as the corresponding
marketing of real estate objects is still a prerequisite for a
successful sale. In addition, Immowelt currently provides
also the offers for private customers, who might be able
to market their object more intensively themselves. In
order to minimize risk, it is necessary to increase
investments in the development of digital distribution
channels in the following years. Increasing the user
experience, i.e. the experience of a user in interacting
with a product, service or an establishment, as well as
investing in products and brands, is also in the
foreground.


--- Page 42 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

A slowdown or reduction in personnel recruitment due to
economic difficulties may pose a risk to our job portals in
corresponding macroeconomic conditions. Uncertainties
about the economic development could be transferred
to our customers and therefore lead to a decline in
revenues. These risks can only be approached through a
strict cost discipline, such as a reduction in marketing
measures or a hiring freeze, on the basis of regular
monitoring of market indicators.

News Media

Digitization has significantly changed consumer and
reader behavior. The increased importance and use of
digital offerings are steadily leading to revenue reductions
in the field of printed publications, which cannot yet be
compensated by the revenues of the digital services.
Unpredictable market developments could further in-
crease the already factored in decrease due to the struc-
tural change. Enterprises from other industries are enter-
ing the market faster than ever with innovative and
disruptive technologies or business models, posing
potential threats to our existing products and services.

To counteract these risks, we realigned our publishing
structures for German media brands last year. With the
re-organizing into two separate publishing areas for print
and digital, we can adapt even more individually to the
different market requirements.

In addition, our advertising revenues in the print and
online sectors are exposed to the risk that annual
contracts with major media agencies will not be
concluded, or only at a lower volume. Also, the loss of
large advertisers due to legal advertising restrictions or
the evasion of significant commercial customers to other
forms of advertising such as television, radio or other
online media also pose a serious risk.

52

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

The priority for all market and competitive risks is to
identify the changing needs of our customers at an early
stage through continuous market analysis and intensive
customer support, and to align our product offerings with
market trends and customer requirements.

Our Digital offerings in the News Media segment, as well
as our Offerings in the Classifieds Media and Marketing
Media section, are at risk of sudden loss of visibility on
Google as well as increasing competition from GAFA
(see also section Classifieds Media and Marketing Media).

In order to counter these risks, we continuously analyze
the market and competition environment and invest in
product development and the development of alternative
sources Of traffic.

The marketing of audiovisual content also confronts risks.
Further fragmentation of the market through new TV
channels and online offerings pose the immediate danger
of redistribution of sales potential. As a result, agency
fees could increase to compensate for these revenue
losses. Should the broadcasting performance deteriorate,
this means a loss of attractiveness of the program for the
viewers. As a result, fewer viewers lead to lower prices
that can be achieved in the market, even losing their
relevance as an advertising medium.

Market and competition opportunities

If the global economy develops better than predicted,
this could have a positive impact on our sales perfor-
mance. The deciding factor will be the impact that
regional conflicts and crises will have on our core
markets when the world economy is highly interconnect-
ed. Nonetheless, Axel Springer is in a good position to
capitalize on the opportunities its early investment in
regional and digital growth markets places brings. Even a
negative macroeconomic development can open up
opportunities: This could eliminate competitors from

the market, thereby strengthening our own position. In
addition, it would be possible to acquire companies at
advantageous prices, thus expanding our position in
existing markets and investing in new markets with
growth potential.


--- Page 43 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Furthermore, increasing mistrust of Fake News could
also strengthen the paid journalistic payment offers in
the journalistic pay range of Axel Springer and generate
higher circulation revenues.

In the US, the media market is in transition. This gives
our journalistic offerings the chance to expand their
market position. Our US subsidiary Insider Inc. already
offers Business Insider, the largest website for business
news and analysis in the US. It now has its own portals
in 22 countries and, as the world's largest business
portal by reach, offers tailor-made real-time information
for the digital generation. Insider Inc. may emerge as
one of the winners from the tendency towards radical
changes in the US.

All divisions and companies of Axel Springer are working
on the continuous improvement of technologies and
processes. This includes an intensive cross-company
exchange on successful business models, as well as
innovative start-ups. This could help to strengthen and
expand Axel Springer's competitive position.

In the field of real estate marketing, transaction-based
digital real estate platforms are gaining market share.
These combine the expertise of classic agents such as
the personal support of customers on site with efficien-
cy-enhancing software solutions such as state-of-the-art
marketing and communication technology. Due to the
efficiency advantages being created professional real
estate marketing can be offered at much more favoura-
ble conditons. Through our acquisition together with
Purplebricks of a minority stake in Homeday (see page
26), a transaction-based digital real estate platform that
brings customers together with traditional agents and
supports the purchase and sale of real estate, in
December 2018, Axel Springer is offered the opportunity
to participate in a rapidly growing business model.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Strategic risks

Significant strategic risks at Axel Springer result primarily
from decisions to invest in new business fields and mod-
els as well as companies that develop differently than
planned over the long term or that cannot assert them-
selves on the market or are displaced by new business
models. Also, a possible insufficient diversification holds
a high-risk potential. Unscheduled write-off in the case of
expected permanent impairment in the context of the
impairment tests to be performed would be the result.
This risk affects activities in all three operating segments.

Overall, however, the business fields and models of our
investments are diverse, so that so-called cluster risks
are limited by means of diversification. There is also
further risk minimization, preventive control measures
such as clear investment criteria, which we use to review
new investments as part of our M&A activities, as well as
active portfolio and investment management, the estab-
lishment and maintenance of a qualified management
level and active and systematic monitoring of business
and market development.

In addition to the aforementioned risks, the dependency
on strategically significant cooperation partners is also
subject to risks. Active key account management, legal
support in the negotiation and renegotiation of contracts
and continuous monitoring of the business activities of
our cooperation partners contribute to reducing this risk.

Strategic opportunities

In a constantly changing environment, we continue to
develop our company to meet the global and industry-
specific challenges in the future with innovative and
tailored solutions.


--- Page 44 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Axel Springer's strategy of international digitization
continues to offer good opportunities due to the very
positive development of digital markets. Axel Springer
exploits these developments by strategic investments in
new or future-oriented technologies, entering into new
forms of cooperation, the ongoing digital transformation
and monetization of journalistic products.

On the one hand, acquiring interests in companies with
promising digital business models in early stage and
growth phases in their lifecycle provides us with the
option of establishing contacts within the industry and to
other founders and investors, and also grants access to
new ideas and business models. On the other hand, this
opens up the possibility of minority investments, which

may also be available to us for a later majority acquisition.

In the event of substantial development of the associate
companies, we can also profit from a significant appreci-
ation in value. We see further growth opportunities in our
international digitization and the associated entry into
new or expanding existing markets.

Information security risks

Due to the high degree of integration of information
technologies into business processes and business
models, Axel Springer relies on a high availability of IT
components, to avoid interruption of business with far-
reaching consequences for revenue and reputation.
External factors in the form of cyber crime represent

an increasing risk for the company. Examples include
malicious software that prevents access to company
data through encryption (ransomware) or targeted

denial of service (DDoS attacks). Possible causes for

an impairment of availability may also be of an internal
nature, such as for example the increasing complexity of
the systems and the infrastructure that has grown over a
longer period of time.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Additional IT risks are classified as important if the
confidentiality of information or data integrity can be
compromised as a consequence. In consideration of the
growing importance of paid digital content offerings,
programmatic online-advertising as well as the

General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)-compliant
processing of personal data, the protection against theft
or loss of data is of great importance. For this reason,
targeted measures have been and are being taken to
limit to the greatest possible extent the effects of criminal
acts and the failure of IT components. The risk reduction
measures include e.g. DDoS protection, backup data
centers, vulnerability analysis, use of encryption, network
access control, consolidation and standardization,

and improving of systems. The stated measures are
continuously analyzed and expanded or improved if
necessary.

Political and legal risks

The relevance of data protection as well as the social
and political sensitivity to privacy and security gaps in the
digital domain have been steadily increasing for years.

For 2019 risks continue to exist from two European
legislation. On the one hand, this is the European
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which
applies from May 2018. In addition to numerous
substantive tightening of data protection (including
consent, information to those affected, the processing of
large amounts of data in the context of "Big Data and the
requirements for IT security) brought the GDPR two
fundamental changes, which significantly increase

the risks for data processing companies: There is a
corporate accountability under which the data processor
must be able to demonstrate compliance with the GDPR.
In addition, the fines will be drastically increased in case
of breaches. Fines of up to 4% of group-wide annual
turnover are possible, based on antitrust law. With
regard to the entry into force of the GDPR, we have
taken numerous measures across the Group. These
include among others the definition of responsibilities
concerning data protection, training courses and the
introduction of a new directive. For the measures taken
by Axel Springer in the area of IT security, please refer to
the section "Information security risks".


--- Page 45 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

The second European legislation is the draft of ePrivacy
Regulation. Among others, this should regulate the very
relevant setting of cookies and the creation of user
profiles on the Internet for Axel Springer. In contrast to
the GDPR, the ePrivacy Regulation has not yet been
decided. Also, a concrete date of entry into force and
any transition periods are not finalized (as of February
2019). Axel Springer deals with possible consequences
and possible measures at an early stage. These include
internal projects, such as the programming of a so-called
“opt-in layer” (OIL) and participation in the Transparency
& Consent Framework of IAB Europe, but in the broader
sense also the participation as a founding partner in
Verimi. (see page 41)

In addition, Axel Springer is informed about these
developments at an early stage, also through the
associations representing us. The stakeholders in the
publishing and media industries throughout Europe are
making an effort to explain to political decision makers
the business models and risks that exist among
members, so that they are properly reflected in the
democratic legislative process. Regarding chances in
European law Axel Springer also intends to take timely
measures to identify changes that are relevant to Axel
Springer and to adequately implement the resulting
organizational and legal requirements as part of its risk-
based prioritization.

Nevertheless, the political and legal risks can by no
means be completely ruled out. In view of the continuous
technical development of the digital business models
and a largely new and risk-increasing legal situation and
in the absence of relevant case law, there is often an
unclear legal situation and thus the latent danger of
warnings and possible legal violations.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Specifically, this concerns the regulation of the use of
so-called cookies and similar technologies, in particular
the admissibility of creating user profiles as well as the
integration of advertising networks and "retargeting" in
the areas of web, mobile and app. The obtaining of
consents, so-called “opt-ins", warnings and potential
legal violations bring with it the risk of reputational
damage, particularly to well-known brands of Axel
Springer such as BILD and WELT, alongside direct
legal and commercial consequences.

Following the failure of the EU-wide introduction of a
digital tax, which provided for taxation of revenues from
certain digital services, individual countries are now
planning to introduce this tax in 2019. At present,
however, there are no legal justifications that would
unequivocally suggest that our revenues from digital
business models, such as those in France, could actually
be met in 2019 with a digital tax of 3 % of digital revenue
to be charged. As far as the solutions proposed at
national level are based on the draft EU Directive

of March 21, 2018, it cannot be ruled out that, in particu-
lar, the proceeds from the sale of online advertising
space, the brokerage of transactions via digital platforms
and the sale of user-generated data will be affected.

Further potential risks or uncertainties for the Axel
Springer Group arise from the business activities in
Eastern Europe. These activities are combined in Ringier
Axel Springer Media and form part of the News Media
segment. The political situation in individual countries,
especially the Polish and Hungarian media scene, is
decisively influenced by the political influence of the
national-conservative governments; currently already on
public media, but also by possible future attempts of
influencing private media. For example, government-
influenced companies could reduce or even stop their
advertising activities in our products, which would lead to
a significant decline in our advertising revenues. We
counter this risk with targeted cost-saving measures and
income security programs.


--- Page 46 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Political and legal opportunities

In the political and legal environment, the ancillary copy-
right could be an opportunity for press publishers. This
should further strengthen the protection of intellectual
property. It stipulates that royalties may be charged for
the internet use of publisher content by aggregators and
search engine providers, unless they are "single words"
or "smallest text snippets". Google as the market leader
among the search engine providers rejected this. At
present, there is a revocable “free-of-charge” consent
granted by the publishers to Google to use their text
snippets in search results. VG Media (copyright collecting
agency), which represents more than 200 digital publish-
ers, including those of Axel Springer, has filed an infor-
mation and payment claim against Google at the District
Court Berlin, which is currently pending before the Euro-
pean Court of Justice after a referral order of the District
Court Berlin; depending on the outcome of the legal
dispute or the agreement reached, this can have a posi-
tive effect on Axel Springer and its digital journalistic
offerings. Regardless of the above, the European Union
is currently negotiating a reform of European copyright
law, which will for the first time also provide for a new
ancillary copyright for press publishers at Union level.
The European Parliament gave the mandate on Septem-
ber 12, 2018 to launch the legislative proposal in the
so-called trilogue procedure with the European Commis-
sion and the European Council, after the Member States
had already given such a mandate to the Council in May.
On February 13, 2019 three institutions under the
Romanian Council Presidency agreed on a common text,
which also anticipates an ancillary copyright law across
Europe. This has paved the way for a confirmation of the
agreement by the Council of Ministers of the Member
States and the plenary of the European Parliament
before the European elections in May 2019. The
adoption of the planned directive could strengthen

Axel Springer's legal position for its publishing products
in the EU.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Reputation risks

In addition to the reputation risks mentioned above,
additional secondary risks or secondary effects may arise
in connection with a primary risk. For example, a violation
of law and order can cause high attention and damage
our reputation due to Axel Springer's prominent position
and its contribution to social opinion making. Further
potential reputation risks may arise, for example, from
the violation of journalistic independence if the journalistic
work is endangered due to personal advantage, inade-
quate research, incomplete information or lack of care in
dealing with sources. Violation of country-specific laws
and regulations, as well as non-compliance with equal
treatment and opportunity programs can also damage
reputation.

Axel Springer has instituted an advanced sustainability
management program that meets international standards.
In addition to the use of energy-efficient IT equipment
(e.g. computers, printers) and the regularly successful
participation in energy audits, our printers in particular
have optimized energy management, e.g. energy-
efficient ventilation systems for cooling or heating in the
printing premises. For further details, please refer to our
Sustainability Report.

However, if we were to recognize potential environmental
and social conflicts in the procurement of resources too
late, this could damage our image. In order to effectively
minimize this risk, we work closely with experts and
environmental organizations. In addition, we use
monitoring measures along the value chain. Our

internal and external communication is characterized by
openness and transparency.

Violations of confidentiality agreements and insider
regulations as well as information that has not been
published correctly in the context of external reporting
can have economic or legal consequences for Axel
Springer. In addition, there is the risk of damage to

the image of the Group or its brands through negative
reporting or campaigns in social media channels, even if
there is no legal violation from a legal perspective.


--- Page 47 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

The indicated reputation risks are counteracted, among
other things, by employee sensitivities through, for
example, eLearning, guidelines and corporate principles
as well as our Code of Conduct, which defines group-
wide standards of conduct.

Furthermore, our International Social Policy, a catalog of
social standards, counteracts potential reputational risks.
The International Social Policy defines the attitude of the
company and others on questions of legal compliance,
the protection of children and young people, dealing
with employees and health and safety. For further infor-
mation, please refer to the section "Principal corporate
governance practices" from page 73 et seqq.

Personnel risks

The individual skills, professional competences and the
commitment of our employees contribute significantly to
the success of Axel Springer. A significant risk therefore
represents the loss of specialists and executives and the
associated company-specific loss of knowledge and
competence. We counteract this professionally and
actively. One focus of our HR management is the target-
ed and forward-looking development and motivation of
employees through individual training and further educa-
tion measures, regular feedback discussions, attractive
bonus programs, flexible working time models and a
comprehensive offer for better reconciliation of work and
family life. Field-specific measures based on educational
needs analysis also help us to identify individual employ-
ee needs and to minimize the risk of loss of skilled work-
ers. Systematic succession planning and development,
especially in the case of age-related fluctuation, is indis-
pensable. In this way, the transfer of valuable wealth of
experience and company expertise should be guaran-
teed, and the personnel requirements should be covered
in the long term.

57

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

In addition, the difficult situation in recruiting junior
executives and executives represents a continuously
growing risk. Due to demographic change and increas-
ing competition in the personnel market, it is increasingly
difficult to recruit qualified personnel. With regard to the
continuously increasing digitization of the Group, IT
specialists in particular will continue to be in greater
demand. That is why we have set up an internal recruit-
ing team that designs personnel strategy initiatives and,
for example, pursues the long-term development of a
shared talent pool with a focus on bottleneck and key
functions. In addition, professional employer branding,
our social media activities on Facebook and Instagram,
and university marketing with its diverse internal and
external events make an important contribution to setting
us apart from other companies and positioning Axel
Springer as an attractive and innovative employer in the
relevant target group.

Financial risks and risks from the use of financial
instruments

Due to the degree of internationalization of Axel Springer,
the Group is exposed to a number of market price risks.
These include in particular interest rate risks and curren-
cy risks. These risks are largely managed by the Group
Finance department on the basis of a guideline laid down
by the Axel Springer Executive Board. Derivative financial
instruments are used exclusively for hedging purposes.
Currency risks are largely avoided by raising operating
costs in the countries in which we sell our products and
services. Residual currency risks from foreign currency
cash flows (transaction risks) are rather insignificant, as
we generate most of our results in the euro currency
area. Currency risks from open net positions of € 5
million or more per foreign currency are discussed in a
Treasury Committee. Currency effects arising from the
translation of financial statements denominated in foreign
currencies (translation risk) are recognized directly in the
equity item of comprehensive income. Therefore,

Axel Springer generally does not hedge against such
currency risks. The existing interest rate risk results pri-
marily from financial assets or liabilities with variable
interest rates. However, this risk is limited due to well-
defined financing principles and regular monitoring of the


--- Page 48 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

variable interest component, or, if necessary, minimized
through the use of interest rate derivatives.

The liquidity risk is regularly monitored on the basis of
medium-term planning. The completed credit line and
the promissory note loans form a sufficient risk buffer for
unplanned payments.

The investment of cash and cash equivalents generates
only minor default risks in the Group. In order to counter-
act these risks, investment is made according to prede-
fined criteria that are specified in a Group guideline.

The risks arising from financial instruments and hedging
activities are explained in detail in note (34) of the ex-
planatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Overall, the financial risks are considered to be low.

Other risks

In order to support the cultural change to the leading
digital publishing house, work is under way with high
pressure on the construction of the new publishing
house of Axel Springer SE, which should enable employ-
ees to work together more closely and exchange
knowledge more effectively. When implementing such a
major project, Axel Springer is inevitably confronted with
construction-specific risks such as unplanned project
delays as well as cost overruns due to planning, tender-
ing or procurement errors, or raw material price increas-
es such as steel, glass or concrete. To reduce the
aforementioned risks, a corresponding general contrac-
tor agreement was concluded, professional project con-
trolling, and reporting structures were established. Also,
the development of supplier relationships and their early
contractual commitment help us to minimize these risks.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Potential risks arising from global climate change have
also been investigated. However, there are currently no
signs that climate change would have a direct impact on
Axel Springer's business models.

Terrorist attacks continue to pose a serious risk to Axel
Springer. We counter this, among others, with increased
security standards, significantly tightened access regula-
tions and controls as well as a detailed education and
training of the safety-relevant group of people. The finan-
cial risk due to possible property damage and business
interruption is covered by appropriate insurance.

Our joint venture with Ringier is facing a highly concen-
trated press distribution business in Poland. This holds.
the risk of dependence on a small number of distribution
partners and poses the risk that, in the event of payment
defaults by individual companies, higher shares of out-
standing receivables may remain outstanding and result
in substantial losses. To limit this increasingly growing
risk, a portion of the potential loss of receivables is cov-
ered by insurance. In addition, there is an active receiva-
bles management.

Operational and other opportunities

The ongoing cultural change at Axel Springer brings
additional opportunities in various areas. Firstly, the re-
duction of strict hierarchies and restructuring will ensure
faster reaction and decision-making capacity to chang-
ing market and competition conditions. On the other
hand, it offers the opportunity to increase Axel Springer's
attractiveness as an employer through a contemporary,
modern and increasingly digital work environment and, in
particular, to make our house attractive as an employer
brand for young professionals from the start-up environ-
ment and other relevant target groups.


--- Page 49 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Overall view on the risk and opportunity situation
The overall picture of the risk and opportunity situation of
the Axel Springer Group consists of the individual risks
and opportunities of all risk and opportunity categories of
the consolidated majority interests and the central areas.

There are currently no risks that could jeopardize the
continued existence of the Axel Springer Group or could
significantly influence its asset, earnings and financial
position. This applies to the condition that there is no
significant deterioration of the economy in our markets

59

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

and the media industry and, consequently, a significant
deterioration in the earnings position of the Group. In
addition, risk concentrations are reduced through
continuous diversification, internationalization, optimiza-
tion of the brand and product portfolio and digitization.

Compared to the disclosures in the 2017 Annual Report,
there are slight changes in risk positions. However, these
changes did not materially change the overall risk and
opportunity situation of the company.


--- Page 50 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Forecast report

Anticipated economic environment

General economic environment

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) expects global
weakness in growth to continue in the coming quarters
and forecasts global economic growth of 3.5% in 2019.
This reflects, above all, a sustained slowdown in growth
momentum in the industrialized countries.

The German Institute for Economic Research (DIW)

sees an end to the above-average growth of the German
economy. However, according to the economic
researchers, there is no danger of an immediate
recession. Accordingly, economic growth in 2019
should be at 1.6%, adjusted for price. Rising wages are
expected to boost private consumption by 1.5 %. In view
of the continuing high level of utilization in the industry,
the DIW expects a significant increase in price-adjusted
equipment investment of 3.0 % in 2019. After a weaker
growth in foreign demand in 2018, stronger export
growth is expected again in 2019. However, the export
growth of 2.8 % in real terms expected by the DIW in
2019 is likely to be offset by an even higher rise in im-
ports of 3.9 % in real terms.

The DIW expects consumer prices to increase by 2.0%
in 2019. Companies should make better use of their
pricing scope with well-utilized capacity. The number of
persons in employment is expected to increase by
around 350,000 to an annual average of 45.2 million.
At the same time, the unemployment rate is expected
to fall to 4.8 % due to the continued high growth in
employment.

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Anticipated Economic Development (selection)

Change in gross domestic product compared to

prior year (real) 2019
Germany 1.6%
United Kingdom 1.3%
France 1.7%
Central and Eastern Europe 3.7%
USA 2.4%

Source: DIW, December 2018.

According to a forecast by the DIW, the British
economy will expand by 1.3% in 2019. In particular,
uncertainty in view of Brexit is likely to continue to burden
the investment activities of the companies. Overall,
domestic demand is expected to contribute only
moderately to growth. Despite a continued good
situation in the labor market, income growth in 2019 is
likely to be increasingly spent on saving and thus not
benefiting private consumption.

For France, the DIW forecasts a real growth rate of 1.7%
in 2019. The unemployment rate should fall to 8.6 %. The
DIW expects only a modest price increas of 1.6%.

According to the DIW forecast, consumers in Central
and Eastern Europe are somewhat less confident than
in the summer of 2018. Overall, private households are
likely to be more restrained with their spending. The
situation at the labor market continues to improve, but
the unemployment rate is falling less rapidly. Nominal
income should continue to rise; however, prices increase
gradually. The growth rate in Central and Eastern
European is expected to decrease in 2019 to 3.7 %

in real figures.


--- Page 51 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

According to the DIW forecast, the development of the
US economy remains upward. The growth of the US
economy is initially based also on an expansionary fiscal
policy. However, the effects of tax cuts and government
overspending will slowly come to an end. In this context,
the labor market situation will improve somewhat more
slowly than in recent years. According to the DIW, the
growth rate of gross domestic product will decrease to
2.4% in real terms.

Industry environment

According to the current advertising market forecast of
ZenithOptimedia, a worldwide increase of 3.8 % (nominal)
is expected for the year 2019. The shift of advertising
budgets to the internet continues with undiminished
speed. According to ZenithOptimedia's current forecast,
the share of online advertising in the global advertising
cake will rise to 43.1 % in 2019.

The forecasts for Germany available to date show a
largely similar picture for the individual media genres.
ZenithOptimedia expects net advertising market revenue
(marketing revenues net of rebates and agent’s
commissions) in Germany for 2019 to increase by 1.7 %
(nominal). Thus, the total advertising market will not grow
as fast as the general economy, which is expected to
expand at a nominal rate of 3.8 % (+ 1.6 % in real terms)
according to the DIW.

Growth in the advertising market is driven by digital
(+7.0%), TV (+2.0%), outdoor (+2.6 %) and radio
(+0.9 %). ZenithOptimedia is predicting a drop in net
advertising revenues for newspapers (-4.2 %) and
magazines (—5.5 %).

61

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

The forecast data continue to reflect the structural
redistribution of advertising expenditure in favour of
digital offers. In 2019, the share of online and mobile in
Germany should rise to 37.8 %. This puts Germany
below the global average (43.1 %). ZenithOptimedia says
publishers are unlikely to benefit from the additional
online ad revenue. The reason for this is the dominance
of the big tech companies from the US.

The digital advertising market is about to recover from
the impact of the new EU General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR). It remains to be seen to what extent
data protection discussions will have an impact on digital
advertising investment in view of the announced ePrivacy
regulation.

Global trends also set the tone for Germany. The growth
of the advertising market is technology-driven, especially
in the growth fields of mobile, online moving images
(video), social media, digital audio advertising and
programmatic. Thanks to the continued proliferation

of mobile devices, technical advances in advertising
formats, increased variety of ad formats, and technical
innovations in driving multi-device campaigns, a
significant increase in digital advertising investment is
expected (see page 55).

The progressive automation of the advertising booking
through programmatic buying platforms is also seen as a
driver for online and mobile advertising. In addition, all
media will in future be digital, addressable and thus
programmatically tradable. The challenge for the market-
ers will be, on the one hand, to connect their inventory to
the available trading platforms and, on the other hand,

to provide data that will enable advertisers to target
consumers more accurately — and thus more effectively.


--- Page 52 ---

Annual Report 2018 Combined Management Report

Axel Springer SE Forecast report

One of the big trends in the advertising industry is the Anticipated Advertising Activity 2018 (selection)

use of artificial intelligence for mass communication.

Self-learning technologies predict customer behavior and Change in net ad revenues compared to prior year

are the key to personalized customer approach. (nominal) nung)
Germany 7.0%

The digital foreign markets in which Axel Springer Central and Eastern Europe 11.6%

engages with its own corporate activities will develop USA 115%

differently according to the prognosis of ZenithOptimedia: United Kingdom 7.0%

In the online market in Western Europe, net advertising

volume will increase by 8.6% to USD 49.1 billion in 2019 Source: ZenithOptimedia, Advertising Expenditure Forecast, December 2018.

— based on the assumption of constant exchange rates.
While in the UK (+7.0 %) digital advertising spending will
grow with the same strength as in Germany, France
(+12.5 %) and the US (+11.5 %) are expected to achieve
higher growth.

62


--- Page 53 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Group

Strategic and organizational orientation

The highest strategic priority for Axel Springer is to
pursue the consistent digitization of its business. We
aim to attain the goal of becoming the leading digital
publisher by further developing our digital offerings in

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Germany and abroad, and by making targeted
acquisitions. Where possible and appropriate, we
reinvest income from existing business in growth areas
in order to leverage medium- and long-term potential.

Comparison of forecast with actual business performance

Group forecast / adjustments during the year

reported 2018. organic 2018
Revenues Low to mid single-digit percentage increase 4.1% Low to mid single-digit percentage increase 3.8%
EBITDA, adjusted Low double-digit percentage increase 14.3% Mid to high single-digit percentage increase 85%
EBIT, adjusted Low single-digit percentage increase 4.7% Low to mid single-digit percentage increase 6.4%
Earnings per share, Low to mid single-digit percentage increase / Mid to high single-digit percentage increase /

adjusted mid single-digit percentage increase 5.1% high single-digit percentage increase 83%

The forecast published in March 2018 for Group key
figures and raised in November 2018 for adjusted
earnings per share was met and partly exceeded.

The forecast for revenue and adjusted EBITDA and the
forecast for adjusted earnings per share raised during
the year were met. The forecast for the development of
adjusted EBIT was exceeded, for the organic develop-
ment of adjusted EBIT the upper end of the forecast
range was reached.


--- Page 54 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Segment forecast / adjustments during the year

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

reported 2018. organic 2018
Revenues
Classifieds Media Double-digit percentage High single-digit to low double-digit
increase percentage increase / low double-digit
20.3% percentage increase 11.4%
News Media Low to mid single-digit percentage Low single-digit percentage decrease
decrease -0.9% -0.3%
Marketing Media High single-digit percentage decrease / low High single-digit percentage increase /
double-digit percentage decrease -12.4% roughly on prior year level 21%
Services/Holding Mid single-digit percentage decrease -11.5% Mid single-digit percentage decrease -11.3%
EBITDA, adjusted
Classifieds Media Double-digit percentage increase High single-digit to low double-digigt
17.9% percentage increase 11.4%
News Media Mid single-digit percentage increase Low to mid single-digit percentage
43% decrease -3.5%
Marketing Media High single-digit percentage increase / mid Low double-digit percentage increase / low
to high single-digit percentage decrease -6.3% to mid single-digit percentage decrease -25%
Services/Holding Low to mid single-digit percentage increase Low to mid single-digit percentage increase
(improvement) 17.9% (improvement) 19.3%

EBIT, adjusted

Classifieds Media below the development of adjusted EBITDA

News Media below the development of adjusted EBITDA

Marketing Media below the development of adjusted EBITDA

Services/Holding below the development of adjusted EBITDA

Business development in the segments largely met
and in some cases exceeded expectations for revenues,
adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBIT.

In the Classifieds Media segment, the guidance for
revenues, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBIT published
in March 2018 as well as the increased organic revenue
guidance published in August 2018 were met.

In the News Media segment, the forecast for the
revenue development was slightly exceeded. The
forecast for adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBIT
were met.

In the Marketing Media segment, the revenue
development confirmed the forecast adjusted in
November 2018. Organic development was slightly
better than expected. The development of adjusted
EBITDA and adjusted EBIT met the forecast.

In the Services/Holding segment, revenues were below
the forecast, while adjusted EBITDA exceeded the
forecast. The development of adjusted EBIT confirmed
the forecast.


--- Page 55 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Anticipated business developments and financial
performance of the Group

The forecast for the 2019 financial year takes into
account the consolidation effects from the transactions
in the 2018 financial year, mainly the sales of aufeminin
at the end of April 2018 and the print portfolio in Slovakia
at the end of July 2018, as well as the first-time consoli-
dation of Logic-Immo from February 2018 and Univer-
sum from May 2018. The earnings effects from the ac-
quisition of shares in Purplebricks in April 2018 and

Homeday in December 2018 are also taken into account.

In order to better assess operating performance, we also
provide an expectation for the organic development of
our key performance indicators, which results from the
adjustment for consolidation and currency effects.

For the financial year 2019, we expect Group revenues
to increase in the low single-digit percentage range.
Organically, we assume growth in the low to mid single-
digit percentage range.

We expect the adjusted EBITDA to remain on the prior-
year level. Organic growth of adjusted EBITDA should be
in the low to mid single-digit percentage range.

For adjusted EBIT, we expect a decline in the low single-
digit percentage range due to higher depreciation, amorti-
zation and impairments, organically, we expect growth in
the low single-digit percentage range.

We expect the development of the adjusted earnings
per share between a stable development and a decline
in the low single-digit percentage range. We expect an
organic increase in the single-digit percentage range.

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Anticipated business developments and financial
performance of the segments

The revenues of the Classifieds Media segment are
expected to grow in the high single-digit to low double-
digit percentage range. Consolidation effects include the
first-time consolidation of Logic-Ilmmo as of February
2018 and Universum as of May 2018 and deconsolida-
tion effects of casamundo within the @Leisure Group as
of October 2018. Organic growth is also expected to be
in the high single-digit to low double-digit percentage
range. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to increase in

the low to mid single-digit percentage range due to
increased investments in future growth. The organic
increase should be in the mid single-digit percentage
range. In the case of adjusted EBIT, we expect earnings
to be on the prior-year level due to higher depreciation,
amortization and impairments, and organic growth to be
in the low to mid single-digit percentage range.

In the News Media segment, we expect revenues to
decline in the low to mid single-digit percentage range in
the 2019 financial year. This reflects deconsolidation
effects from the sale of the print portfolio in Slovakia as of
the end of July 2018. Organically, we expect revenues to
decline in the low single-digit percentage range. We
expect adjusted EBITDA to be on the prior-year level. We
also expect a stable organic development. For adjusted
EBIT, we anticipate a decline in the low single-digit
percentage range; organically, we expect the adjusted
EBIT to be on the prior-year level.


--- Page 56 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

In the Marketing Media segment, we expect a decline
in revenues in the low single-digit percentage range.
This includes deconsolidation effects from the sale of
aufeminin at the end of April 2018. Organic growth is
expected to be in the high single-digit percentage range.
For adjusted EBITDA, we expect an increase in the low
to mid single-digit percentage range, and organic growth
in the high single-digit to low double-digit percentage
range. For adjusted EBIT, we expect a decline in the low
single-digit percentage range due to rising depreciation,
amortization and impairments, and organic growth in the
high single-digit percentage range.

For the Services/Holding segment, we anticipate a
market-related decline in revenues in the low double-digit
percentage range. We also expect organic development
to decline at a low double-digit percentage rate. We
expect adjusted EBITDA to decline (deterioration) in the
double-digit percentage range, organically also a decline
in the double-digit percentage range. In the case of
adjusted EBIT, we expect a decline (deterioration) in the
high single-digit to low double-digit percentage range
due to lower depreciation, amortization and impairments.
Organically, we expect the same development.

Anticipated liquidity and financial position

With regard to liquidity and financial position, invest-
ments in property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets will continue to be significantly above the prior-
year level, mainly due to investments in the new building
in Berlin. Financing will be provided by operating cash
flow. The sale is expected to be completed at the end of
2019 or beginning of 2020. Excluding the investments
for the new building in Berlin, investments are also ex-
pected to be significantly above the prior-year figure.

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Dividend policy

Subject to the condition of continued sound financial
performance in the future, Axel Springer will pursue a
dividend policy of stable or slightly increased dividend
payout, while also allowing for the financing of growth.

Anticipated development of the workforce

The annual average number of employees in the Group
for 2019 will be higher than the prior-year figure. This is
mainly due to organic growth and acduisitions in
connection with the digital transformation of the Group’s
business.

Planning assumptions

We plan the future development of the financial perfor-
mance, liquidity, and financial position on the basis of
assumptions that are plausible and sufficiently probable
from today’s perspective. However, actual developments
could possibly be much different from the assumptions
applied and thus from the business plans and trend
forecasts prepared on the basis of those assumptions.

In particular, the forecast is based on the assumption
that no significant deterioration in the economic environ-
ment will follow and that the actual exchange rates do
not deviate significantly from the underlying assumed
exchange rates.

The forecasts for revenues, adjusted EBITDA,

adjusted EBIT and adjusted earnings per share

include the expected effects of known acauisitions and
divestments (see above) as well as planned restructuring
expenses at the time of the publication of the Annual
Report. The additional information on organic
development is adjusted for consolidation and

currency effects.


--- Page 57 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Disclosure and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

Disclosure and explanatory report of the
Executive Board pursuant to takeover law

As a listed company whose shares are listed on an
organized market pursuant to Section 2 (7) of the
German Securities Trading Act, Axel Springer SE is
required to include in the management report and group
management report the information pursuant to Sections
289a para. 1, 315a para. 1 of the German Commercial
Code (HGB). In addition to the information required by
law, the following section also contains the explanatory
report of the Executive Board in accordance with section
176 (1) sentence 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act
in connection with Art. 9 para. 1 lit. c) ii) SE-VO.

Composition of subscribed capital

The subscribed capital of the company as of December
31, 2018, amounts to € 107,895,31 1.00 and is divided
into 107,895,311 registered shares. The shares may only
be transferred with the company's consent (registered
shares of restricted transferability, see below).

Different classes of shares do not exist. All shares have
the same rights and obligations. Each share grants one
vote at the annual shareholders’ meeting and is decisive
for the share of the shareholders in the profits of the
company. This does not apply to treasury shares held by
the company (see page 70), from which the company
has no rights (see Section 71b of the German Stock
Corporation Act).

Restrictions on voting rights or the
transfer of shares

Pursuant to Section 5 (3) of the Articles of Association of
the company, the shares and the subscription rights to
shares in Axel Springer SE may only be transferred with
the consent of the company. The approval is granted by
the Executive Board, whereby the Supervisory Board
decides internally on the approval. The consent can be
refused according to the statute without giving reasons.
However, the company does not arbitrarily refuse to
approve the transfer of the shares.

67

According to the knowledge of the company's Executive
Board, transfer restrictions under the law of obligations
arise from the following agreements:

@ On July 31/August 4, 2006, a share transfer re-
striction agreement was concluded between Dr. Ma-
thias Ddpfner, Brilliant 310. GmbH, Axel Springer AG
and M.M. Warburg & Co. KGaA. Under this share
transfer restriction agreement, the direct and indirect
purchase or disposal of the shares of Axel Springer
AG by Brilliant 310. GmbH or by Dr. Mathias Dopfner
are made contingent to the prior consent of Axel
Springer SE in accordance with the Articles of Asso-
ciation of the company.

™@ By virtue of a declaration dated August 14, 2012,
Dr. Mathias Dépfner acceded to a pool agreement
(“pool agreement”) concluded between Dr. h.c. Friede
Springer and Friede Springer GmbH & Co KG, in re-
spect of the 1,978,800 shares of Axel Springer SE
that were given to him as a present by Dr. h.c. Friede
Springer on the same date. In total, the pool agree-
ment includes 47,432,202 voting shares of Axel
Springer SE (pool-linked shares). Under the terms of
the pooling agreement, a pool member wishing to
transfer his pooled shares to a third party must first
offer these shares to the other pool members for pur-
chase (purchase right). The purchase right expires
two weeks after the purchase offer. It does not apply
to transfers to certain persons close to the pool
member. The previous level of pool-linked shares in
the amount of 52,826,967 was reduced to the
abovementioned number of shares through the
transfer of shares of Axel Springer SE in Novem-
ber 2018 on the part of Axel Springer Gesellschaft ftir
Publizistik GmbH & Co to the retired ex-shareholders
of that company Axel Sven Springer and Ariane
Melanie Springer.


--- Page 58 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

™@ In addition, Axel Springer shares were pledged to a
bank by Brilliant 310. GmbH and Dr. Mathias Dépfner;
the same applies to the shares of Axel Springer SE
held by Dr. Giuseppe Vita.

In addition, there are debt transfer restrictions in
connection with the share participation programs for
employees of Axel Springer carried out in the financial
years 2015, 2017, 2018 and 2019; the minimum holding
period for shares acquired in previous years' share
participation programs has already expired. The shares
acquired under the 2015 Share Participation Program
are generally subject to a minimum holding period of four
years (i.e. until May 31, 2019), the shares acquired under
the 2017, 2018 and 2019 Share Participation Programs,
have a minimum holding period of two years from the
end of the participation period (i.e. until December

31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively). During the
minimum holding period, the shares for the employees
are held in a blocked custody account with Deutsche
Bank AG or a collective custody account of BNP Paribas
in the name of Computershare Investor Services PLC.

Under the virtual Executive Board stock option plan 2018,
the eligible member of the Executive Board is required to
make a personal investment in shares of Axel Spring-

er SE. These shares are not subject to any restrictions

on disposal, but any disposition of these shares would
cause the corresponding virtual stock option rights to
lapse without replacement or compensation (for the
virtual Executive Board stock option plan 2018 see

page 85).

@ Finally, persons performing managerial duties at

Axel Springer SE within the meaning of the European
Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) must comply with the
closed periods established by Section 19 (11) MAR
(trade prohibitions); Based on these statutory blocking
periods, the Company has developed further guide-
lines for trading in shares of Axel Springer SE, which
should be followed by board members and executives.

Combined Management Report
Disclosure and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

Voting right restrictions

According to the aforementioned pool contract between
Dr. Mathias Dépfner, Dr. h.c. Friede Springer and Friede
Springer GmbH & Co KG the voting rights and other
rights arising from the pooled shares in the Annual Gen-
eral Meeting of Axel Springer SE are to be exercised in
accordance with the respective resolutions of the pool
members, irrespective of whether and in what sense the
relevant pool member was voting on the pool. The voting
rights of the pool members in the pool meeting are
based on their voting rights at the General Meeting of
Axel Springer SE, calculated on the basis of the respec-
tive number of voting pool-linked shares. As long as
Friede Springer GmbH & Co KG holds an indirect interest
in Axel Springer SE, its voting rights are based on the
number of shares of the pooling shares held indirectly by
Friede Springer GmbH & Co KG.

Furthermore, restrictions on voting rights may exist in
accordance with the provisions of the German Stock
Corporation Act (AktG), for example pursuant to Section
136 AktG and capital market regulations, in particular
pursuant to Sections 33 et seqq. Securities Trading Act
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz, "WpHG").

Shareholdings that represent more than
10 % of voting rights

At the end of the 2018 financial year, the following direct
and indirect shareholdings in the capital of Axel Spring-

er SE, which exceeded the threshold of 10 % of the voting
rights, existed on the basis of the voting rights announce-
ments received by the company up to December 31, 2018
in accordance with Sections 33, 34 WpHG: Axel Springer
Gesellschaft fiir Publizistik GmbH & Co, Berlin, Germany
(direct), AS Publizistik GmbH, Berlin, Germany (indirect),
Friede Springer GmbH & Co KG, Berlin, Germany (indirect),
Friede Springer Verwaltungs-GmbH, Berlin, Germany
(indirect), Dr. h.c. Friede Springer, Berlin, Germany
(indirect), and Dr. Mathias Dépfner, Potsdam, Germany
(indirect).


--- Page 59 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Information on the amount of the aforementioned
shareholdings in the Company can be found in statements
on the voting rights disclosures in the Notes to the
Financial Statements 2018 of Axel Springer SE, see
go.axelspringer.com/financialpublications, as well as in

the section "Voting Rights Announcements" on the
Company's website at go.axelspringer.com/votingrights.

Shares with special rights that confer
powers of control

Shares with special rights conferring control powers have
not been issued.

Manner of controlling voting rights
when employees hold shares in the
company's capital

As part of the bonus and share bonus program for the
year 2009 and the share participation programs for the
years 2011 to 2015, as well as 2017, 2018 and 2019,
Deutsche Bank AG was initially entered in the share
register as the third-party holder of the shares transferred
to employees, and since the 2019 financial year Com-
putershare Inverstor Services PLC is entered for the
employees from abroad. However, each employee is free
to register himself as a shareholder in the share register,
if applicable after expiry of the minimum holding period.

Statutory provisions and provisions of
the Articles of Association pertaining to
the appointment and dismissal of
Executive Board members and
amendments to the Articles of Association

The Executive Board of Axel Springer SE consists of at
least two persons according to the Articles of Associa-
tion of the Company. The Supervisory Board determines
the number of Executive Board members, appoints them
and dismisses them. Pursuant to Section 8 (2) sentence
1 of the Articles of Association in connection with
Section 46 (1) SE-VO, the members of the Executive

Combined Management Report
Disclosure and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

Board are appointed for a maximum period of five years;
reappointments are allowed. If several persons are
appointed as members of the Executive Board, the
Supervisory Board may appoint a member as Chairman
of the Executive Board (Section 8 (3) sentence 2 of the
Articles of Association). If a required member of the
Executive Board is absent, the court has to appoint a
member in urgent cases at the request of one involved
party (Section 9 (1) lit. c) ii) SE-VO in connection with
Section 85 (1) sentence 1 AktG). The Supervisory
Board may revoke the appointment as a member of the
Executive Board and the appointment as Chairman of
the Executive Board if there is good cause (see in detail
Section 39 (2) sentence 1, Section 9 (1) lit. c) ii) SE
Regulation, Section 84 (3) sentences 1 and 2 AktG).

Insofar as mandatory statutory provisions or provisions
of the Articles of Association do not require a greater
majority, amendments to the Articles of Association are
made by a resolution of the General Meeting by a majority
of two-thirds of the votes cast or, if at least half of the
share capital is represented, by a simple majority of the
votes cast (cf. Section 21 (2) sentence 2 of the Articles of
Association in connection with Section 51 sentence 1
SEAG, Section 59 (1) and (2) SE-VO). The latter does not
apply to an amendment changing the business object
and purpose of the company, or to a resolution regarding
the relocation of the registered head office of the SE to
another member state pursuant to Section 8 (6) SE-VO
as well as cases that prescribe a higher majority stake
(see Section 51 (2) SEAG, Section 59 (1) and (2) SE-VO).
An amendment to the corporate governance principles
laid down in Section 3 of the Articles of Association re-
quires a majority of at least four-fifths of the votes cast
(see Section 21 (8) of the Articles of Association).

The Supervisory Board is authorized to adopt amend-
ments to the Articles of Association which only affect the
wording (Section 13 of the Articles of Association).


--- Page 60 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Authority of the Executive Board to issue
or buy shares back

The Executive Board is authorized, pursuant to Section 5
(4) of the Articles of Association and based on the reso-
lution of the annual shareholders’ meeting of April 18,
2018, (Agenda Item 14) to increase the capital stock by
April 17, 2023, subject to the approval of the Supervisory
Board, by issuing new registered no-par value shares
against contributions in cash and/or in kind (including
mixed contributions in kind) on one or more occasions
by a total of up to € 10,500,000.00 (authorized capital).
In principle, the shareholders must be granted a sub-
scription right. However, the Executive Board is author-
ized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to
exclude the subscription right of the shareholders in
certain cases. The authorization granted by the Annual
General Meeting on April 14, 2015, to increase the share
capital and to exclude subscription rights in Section 5 (4)
of the Articles of Association of the company was can-
celled with the new authorized capital taking effect.

By resolution of the Annual General Meeting on April 18,
2018 (Agenda Item 7), the Executive Board was author-
ized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, until
April 17, 2023 to acquire treasury shares of up to 10%
of the share capital existing at the time of the resolution,
by revoking the corresponding previous authorization
given by the annual shareholders’ meeting on April 16,
2014. Acquisition must only take place on the stock
exchange or via a public offer directed to all shareholders
or a public invitation to submit an offer to buy. Along with
the shares held by the company or attributable to the
company in accordance with Section 5 SE-VO in con-
nection with Section 71a ff. of German stock Corporation
Act, the shares acquired on the basis of the above au-
thorization may at no time exceed 10% of the share
capital of the company. Details concerning this authori-
zation are provided in the invitation to the annual share-
holders’ meeting of April 18, 2018, which is available on
the website of Axel Springer SE (see Agenda Item 7 and
the Executive Board’s report on this subject).

70

Combined Management Report
Disclosure and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

The company held no treasury shares at the end of
the 2018 financial year.

There is no contingent capital at Axel Springer SE.

Significant agreements of the company
subject to the condition of a change of
control resulting from a takeover offer

With the exception of regulations in the promissory notes
and consortium loans stated in the following, as well as
contractually entitled cancellation rights for Executive
Board members in case of a change of control (see
further information below and page 85 of this Annual
Report), the company has not concluded any major
agreements that would take effect in the event of a
change of control due to a takeover.

The company has placed promissory notes on the capi-
tal market since April 2012. Currently, the promissory
notes have a total volume of € 704,500,000.00. The
lender may demand, in the event of a change of control,
that the claim held can be partially or fully paid back early
within a 90 days period.

Achange of control within the meaning of the promissory
note loans occurs - subject to individual, more precisely
defined exceptions that are linked to the currently con-
trolling shareholders of Axel Springer SE - if one person
alone or several persons acting jointly holds more than
50% of the share capital of Axel Springer SE or the
voting rights.

With regard to the syndicated loans renegotiated in May
2018 and totaling € 1,500,000,000.00, the lenders are
also entitled to terminate the loan in the event of a
change of control with a term of 30 days following the
receipt of such knowledge. Aside from specific excep-
tions that relate to the shareholders that currently control
Axel Springer SE, a change of control is understood to
mean the acquisition of shares of Axel Springer SE rep-
resenting more than 50 % of voting rights by one or more
parties acting together.


--- Page 61 ---

Annual Report 2018
Axel Springer SE

Indemnification agreements between the
company and the Executive Board
members or employees in the event of a
change of control

Some Executive Board members have the right to termi-
nate their employment contracts in the event of a change
of control. A change of control within the meaning of
these contracts exists if the majority shareholder Dr. h.c.
Friede Springer no longer - directly or indirectly - should
hold or control the majority of shares. In such a case, the
members of the Executive Board concerned are entitled
to payment of their base salary for the most recently
agreed remaining contractual term or a severance pay-

71

Combined Management Report
Disclosure and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

ment in the amount of the total remuneration for the
duration of the most recently agreed contractual term
or the original remaining term (some of the entitled
Executive Board members are entitled to payment of at
least one year's base salary); the above payments are
regularly limited in amount. In addition, the company
pays the performance-related remuneration pro rata
temporis for the period of the activity in the year of
departure. Other remuneration does not exist for the
service contracts of members of the Executive Board in
the event of termination of employment due to a change
of control. Corresponding compensation agreements
with other employees of the company do not exist.
