

--- Page 1 ---

SCHIBSTED AT A GLANCE

* NOK 18,059 million revenues

* NOK 3,268 million EBITDA

* 8,300+ employees

* 23 countries

* 33 online classifieds products

¢ 7leading newspapers in Norway
and Sweden

* 800 million people market footprint
¢ Engaging millions of people worldwide

Schibsted Media Group is a listed company headquartered in Oslo,
Norway with more than 8,300 employees in 23 countries. Millions
of people around the world interact with Schibsted's popular digital
services through our media houses, our digital marketplaces and
our growth companies.

MARKETPLACES

Connecting millions of buyers and sellers every month, we provide
leading online marketplaces in 23 countries around the globe. In
2019 our Marketplaces operations outside of the Nordics will
be spun off and established as an independent, listed company;
Adevinta ASA. Trading will start on 10 April 2019. Schibsted will
retain majority ownership in Adevinta ASA at the time of listing,
and intends to remain a long-term active owner of Adevinta ASA.
We believe this decision will bring more value to our users, customers,
employees and shareholders in the long term. Our marketplaces in
Norway, Sweden and Finland will constitute the new business area
Nordic Marketplaces.

PUBLISHING

As the largest media group in Scandinavia, our world-class media
houses continue to shape the media landscape of today — and
tomorrow. We believe that we, together with our users, can con-
tribute to a more sustainable society by what we do every day. In
Scandinavia our media houses such as VG, Aftenposten, Bergens
Tidende, Aftonbladet and Svenska Dagbladet keep people informed
and updated on important issues in society. From 2019 this business
area will be known as News Media.

GROWTH

We invest in tech startups with great ideas and a disruptive mindset,
helping entrepreneurs build market-leading companies locally and
internationally. Our growth companies, such as Lendo and Prisjakt,
provide our users with popular digital consumer services that
make everyday life a bit easier. From 2019 this business area will
be known as Next.

Schibsted will continue to be a company of leading digital consumer
brands with a strong footprint in the Nordics. Schibsted is deeply
embedded in the daily lives of consumers in the Nordic region. Every
week Schibsted reaches 79 percent of consumers in Norway and
82 percent in Sweden, contributing to the everyday lives of millions
of users in these markets.

Positioned in one of the world's most dynamic regions in terms of
digital services, Schibsted will continue to be at the forefront of
innovation and structural growth:

On 1 December 2018 Kristin Skogen Lund was appointed CEO of
Schibsted. Rolv Erik Ryssdal, former CEO of Schibsted, was appointed
CEO of Adevinta on the same date.

Effective from 1 January 2019, Schibsted will be organized into
three business areas: Nordic Marketplaces, News Media and Next:

Nordic Marketplaces led by Anders Skoe, CEO of FINN and
asset owner for Blocket (Sweden) and Tori (Finland)

News Media led by Siv Juvik Tveitnes, former COO/Head of
Publishing operations in the Media Division

Next (financial services, venture investments and organic
growth initiatives) led by Raoul Griinthal, previously CEO of
Schibsted Media.

3


--- Page 2 ---



--- Page 3 ---

3STED ANNUAL REPORT 2018
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO.

SCHIBSTED ADAPTS T0

ANEW REALITY

In 2018 it became clear that we are facing a new reality — as a company, as employees, and
as global digital consumers. In this new reality, fake news seems to travel faster than truth on
social media; reliable sources of information are being greatly challenged; authoritarianism
and populism are growing, and perhaps most worryingly, our way of life is disrupting Earth
itself. Within this reality, Schibsted continues to deliver on its strong purpose in society while
at the same time strengthening our market positions and improving our financial results in

our marketplace, media and growth businesses.

I started my journey with Schibsted in early December 2018 and
am already well under way planning the coming years for our
company. | am proud to take over the reins of a company whose
key purpose, mission and impressive results constantly inspire me.

Establishing two new growth companies

In September 2018 Schibsted announced that we will spin off
our international marketplaces businesses into a separate, listed
company. This is a major strategic step for the Group that will
create new opportunities and shareholder value for both the new
company Adevinta ASA and the remaining Schibsted. The first day
of trading for Adevinta ASA will be 10 April 2019, and the listing
venue will be Oslo Bars.

Schibsted has a solid and rapidly growing portfolio of digital con-
sumer offerings that empower people across the Nordics in their
daily life. As a digital front runner, the Nordics will be key to further
developing existing offerings and technology and testing new
exciting solutions and disruptive offerings. Schibsted’s new structure
and management team were announced at the end of 2018. The new
organization reflects Schibsted’s three business areas — Market-
places, News Media and Next - and a group foundation which
serves as an enabler of long-term business growth. Our goal is that
our leading marketplaces, growth initiatives and media operations
will increasingly realize synergies and help us further develop value
creation for our customers and shareholders and for society.

Before we continue our journey, our annual report gives us the
opportunity to look back on a productive and important year for
all our business areas, one which we believe has created a solid
foundation for future growth. Some financial highlights are:

+ Impressive revenue growth for our marketplaces

| am proud to see that our marketplace operations are developing
strongly, with both impressive revenue growth and improved
EBITDA margins. This is particularly driven by improved moneti-
zation in the verticals in key markets like France, Spain, Brazil and
Norway.

+ Securing a strong editorial footprint to maintain digital growth

Our publishing operations — which will be part of the News Media
business area going forward — have experienced a slight revenue
incline and have maintained solid operating margins, driven by good
digital growth and tight cost control. High quality in our editorial
products is paramount in order to continue building long-term
viable revenue models, and | am glad to see that the number of
digital subscribers continues to grow.

+ Introducing a new growth operation

In September we announced a plan to roll our successful financial
services product Lendo in three new markets where we see signi-
ficant potential for value creation. This means Lendo now is avail-
able in six countries in total: Norway, Sweden, Finland, Denmark,
Poland and Austria. Schibsted sees financial services as an exciting
growth area. Lendo currently is the most important initiative in this
field, but we have several others under development that look
promising.

A company with a bigger purpose

Schibsted’s purpose in society is embedded in everything we do.
Everything we build should be based on a solid foundation that
ensures continuous delivery as a reliable provider of news and
information and a strong contributor to the circular economy.
Ultimately it’s all about our customers and about being able to
meet their needs in a sustainable and trustworthy way; not least
when developing our platforms for secondhand trade.

D

KRISTIN SKOGEN LUND
CEO of Schibsted

5


--- Page 4 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2018
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT

BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Schibsted’s Board 2018-2019: From left Finn Vaga, Birger Steen, Ingunn Saltbones, Orla Noonan, Ole Jacob Sunde (Chair), Torbjérn Ek, Christian Ringnes, Philippe Vimard and
Orla Noonan. Eugenie van Wiechen was not present at the photo session

From the outset, 2018 and the start of 2019 has been a period of fundamental change in
Schibsted. After a thorough strategy process, we decided to spin off our international market-
places in a separate, listed company. At the same time, we have initiated a reorganization
onboarding Kristin Skogen Lund as our new CEO; the third in Schibsted's 26 years as a public
company. With the Board's support, she is reviewing the strategy of Schibsted going forward.

These changes will enable us to adapt to the world around us.
Customer behavior is changing, competitors are improving their
offerings and technology is creating new opportunities. It is part
of Schibsted’s DNA to take advantage of changes, making bold
decisions, to create added value for users, customers, shareholders
and society. Schibsted was an early mover in the Scandinavian online
markets. From the mid 1990's we have invested steadily in developing
digital consumer services. Today, the Nordic countries are among
the most advanced online markets globally, both in the public and
private domains. It is Schibsted, through Finn, VG, Aftonbladet and
our other online brands, who can claim credit for having pioneered
this development - through stamina and willingness to take risks.
From 2005 and onwards we continued by conquering several on-
line classifieds markets internationally. The latter is what we are
now in the process of spinning off in Adevinta, a company expected
to reach a market value of several billion euros.

6

At the same time as the international classifieds operation is ready
to leave home, new babies are growing up with a promising future.
Schibsted sees the financial services and “fintech” landscape as
an interesting field of growth, with Lendo as the clearest example
of success. By helping consumers to obtain transparency in a chaotic
market for unsecured consumer loans in Norway, Sweden and
Finland, Lendo has built a revenue base of NOK 852 million with
strong profitability.

This brings us to the core of Schibsted’s strategy: to create new
digital winners by leveraging our strong reach, competence, access
to data and market knowledge. We will continue to develop digital
services providing consumers with high quality information to take
decisions on issues which are important in their life. By linking
innovative business models, advanced technology and great entre-
preneurs with our existing network of businesses, brands and talent
in our core markets, we believe it is possible to drive significant


--- Page 5 ---

and sustainable value-creating growth. The potential is evident
both in our core markets as well as adjacent businesses by leveraging
our brand positions and access to valuable data.

A common denominator is that we strive to deliver on our mission
statement “Empowering people in their daily life". Here lies, in
fact, an advantage compared to many other digital companies, as
our success is closely linked to our customers’ success. We are
relentlessly focusing on increased transparency and benefit for our
customers and users. For example, we operate efficient and trans-
parent marketplaces, we deliver independent and relevant news,
and we help consumers make the best personal finance decisions,
In the social responsibility section of this annual report, we elaborate
on our contributions to society, including the reduced impact on
the environment by buying second-hand items instead of new ones

Adevinta will continue to be majority-owned by Schibsted. It is
the Board’s ambition to continue to be a supportive long-term and
attentive shareholder. The potential for further growth and value
creation in Adevinta is large, and as an anchor shareholder we aim
to contribute to this development. At the same time, the Board will
treat Adevinta as a separate, independent company, and seek influ-
ence through the shareholders’ meeting and board representation

Finally, the Board would like to sum up 2018 as a year not only of
important strategic decisions, but also of strong financial perfor-
mance. Our news media have shown their ability to continue to
adapt to their fast-changing commercial markets with high-quality
independent journalism as a key asset. Our marketplaces have
continued to grow fast with improved operating margins, and the
Growth portfolio has performed well and, not least, made several
interesting new investments.

Further description of structural changes
In November 2018 Schibsted acquired the French second-hand fashion
vertical Vide Dressing.

In December 2018 Schibsted increased its ownership interest in
Shpock to 100%, while the increase of ownership in SCM Spain to
100% was completed in January 2019.

Schibsted has also been involved in other minor acquisitions and
disposals during 2018.

Further comments on the Group's results

Schibsted’s operating revenues in 2018 totaled NOK 18,059 million
(NOK 16,943 million)’. The 7-percent increase was mainly driven by
growth in marketplaces and online revenues from media houses,
while offline revenues in media houses continued to decline during
the year. Group's gross operating profit (EBITDA) amounted to
NOK 3,268 million (NOK 2,606 million)’, equivalent to growth of 25
percent. The growth was driven primarily by revenue increases in
Marketplaces and reduced losses in Investment phase operations.
See the section on each business area for more details.

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2018
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Schibsted’s share of profit (loss) from joint ventures and associates
totaled NOK 60 million (NOK -113 million). This development is a
combination of profitability in Brazil, reduced losses, and changes in
composition of entities presented as joint ventures and associates.

Impairment loss in 2018 was NOK -747 million (NOK -49 million) '.
This is mainly related to write-down of goodwill related to Yapo in
Chile, Compricer in Sweden and some projects within product and
technology development. The write-down of goodwill in Chile is a
partial reversal of the gain recorded in 2017 related to re-measurment
of previously held equity interest in Yapo.

In 2018 Group's other income and expenses amounted to NOK -55
million (NOK 1,505 million)’. This is mainly related to restructuring
costs. In 2017 this was mainly related to the transactions with Telenor,
where Schibsted recorded NOK 821 million on gains on sales and
NOK 490 million related to gains from re-measurement of previously
held equity interests in business combinations achieved in stages.
In 2017 Schibsted also recorded a gain of NOK 201 million related
to the sale of Hitta.se as other income

Operating profit in 2018 amounted to NOK 1,794 million (NOK 3,315
million)".

Financial position and cash flow

Net cash flow from operating activities was NOK 1,781 million for
the year, compared to NOK 1,290 million in 2017. The increase
is primarily related to an increase in gross operating profit partly
offset by higher tax payments and increased working capital. The
change in working capital in 2018 was negatively affected by NOK
240 million in trade receivables that was settled during Christmas
but was in transit from an external cash collection agency at the
year-end.

Net cash outflows from investing activities was NOK 953 million
for the year, compared to NOK 4,546 million in 2017. The decrease
is primarily related to a reduction in acquisitions of subsidiaries and
net investments of other shares. Similarly, the change in net cash
flow from financing activities, from a cash inflow of NOK 3,558 million
to a cash outflow of NOK 608 million, is primarily related to the
financing of those investing activities in 2017.

The carrying amount of the Group's assets decreased by NOK 291
million to NOK 27,325 million during 2018 and the Group's net
interest-bearing debt decreased by NOK 232 million to NOK 2,383
million. The Group's equity ratio was 54 percent at the end of 2018,
compared to 55 percent at the end of 2017.

Schibsted ASA has a well diversified Loan portfolio with loans from
both the Norwegian bond market and Nordic Investment Bank. In
addition, Schibsted has a revolving credit facility of EUR 300 million
which was not drawn upon.

7


--- Page 6 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2018
BOARD OF DIRECTORS' REPORT

Comments on the business areas
Unless otherwise stated, all percentages in this section are based
on NOK amounts.

Marketplaces

In 2018 Marketplaces experienced revenue growth of 14 percent
and EBITDA“ growth of 27 percent, driven mainly by strong develop-
ment in the marketplaces sites in Norway, France and Spain and by
reduced losses in operations within Investment phase

Developed phase

France

In France, Leboncoin.fr is the leading marketplaces site, and holds
a number-one position within real estate, cars and generalist ads."
In 2018 France had revenue growth in Local currency of 18 percent.
The growth was driven by positive results from monetization efforts in
jobs, continued growth in real estate and cars. Display advertising
also contributed positively to the strong growth, but with a lower
growth rate than the verticals. EBITDA" in local currency grew by
11 percent.

Norway

Finn.no is the number-one website for marketplaces in Norway’ and
one of the strongest brands in the country, regardless of industry,
Finn.no is the market leader within real estate, cars, jobs and
generalist ads. Marketplaces Norway had a strong year in 2018
with revenue growth of 12 percent, driven by revenue increases
in all classified verticals, especially real estate and jobs. Display
advertising sales were still soft. EBITDA" grew by 18 percent.

Spain

Schibsted’s operations in Spain are market leaders within market-
places and hold number-one positions in real estate, cars, jobs and
generalist ads.ii In 2018 revenue growth in local currency was 16
percent, driven by jobs, cars and real estate. Display advertising
also contributed positively to the strong growth, but with lower
growth rate than the verticals. EBITDA" growth in local currency
was 36 percent.

Sweden

Blocket.se holds a leading position for marketplaces in Sweden and
is among the strongest brands in the country across all industries.
Bytbil.se is the leading marketplaces for cars in Sweden.’ Market-
places Sweden's operating revenues in local currency decreased 4
percent in 2018. Cars and jobs contributed positively, while display
advertising was more challenging. EBITDA" in Marketplaces Sweden
in local currency decreased by 13 percent compared to last year.

Other developed phase

Subito.it is the leading generalist and car marketplace site in Italy. It
also holds a strong position in the jobs market." Revenues continued
to grow in 2018, but at a slower growth rate than last year due to
soft development in display advertising. In Ireland, Distilled Media

|8

holds leading positions in the generalist, cars and real estate verticals."
Revenue growth in 2018 was positive. Willhaben.at is the leader
in the real estate, generalist markets in Austria. It also holds a
strong position in the jobs and cars market." The site continued to
grow fast in terms of traffic, with corresponding revenue growth.
In Hungary, Schibsted owns the leading car marketplace site",
Hasznaltauto.hu and the leading generalist site", Jofogas.hu.
Revenues continued to grow at a steady pace in 2018.

Investment phase

In 2018 the Investment phase portfolio continued to develop
strongly in terms of revenue and traffic growth. Revenue growth
in 2018 was 18 percent and the negative EBITDA" in 2018 was
improved by 35 percent.

In Brazil, OLX.com.br has a strong brand and leadership positions
in traffic and volumes of verticals’. Revenues grew rapidly in 2018
due to continued monetization of the cars and real estate verticals.
Revenue growth in local currency was 61 percent and OLX.com.br
was EBITDA‘ positive in 2018 with a EBITDA" margin of 5 percent.

Shpock, a native app for generalist ads, expands the market and
attracts new user groups and items. Shpock has built strong market
positions in the UK and in other selected markets. In 2018 Shpock
continued to run marketing campaigns in several markets, but on a
smaller scale than last year. EBITDA" losses in 2018 were 39 percent
lower than in 2017. Schibsted has decided to initiate a strategic
shift at Shpock. This implies that Shpock will be moving towards
break-even during 2019.

Schibsted also holds market positions with good potential in several
other markets, such as Segundamano.mx in Mexico, Avito.ma in
Morocco, Corotos.com.do in the Dominican Republic, Tayara.tn in
Tunisia, Kufar.by in Belarus, Yapo.cl in Chile and Tori.fi in Finland
They are number one’ in their respective markets, and all sites
experienced revenue increases in 2018.

Publishing

Publishing comprises leading newspapers in Norway and Sweden
and printing plant operations and distribution operations in the
Norwegian market. In Norway, the newspapers include the national
newspapers VG and Aftenposten and the regional newspapers
Bergens Tidende, Stavanger Aftenblad and Feedrelandsvennen.
In Sweden, the newspapers include the national newspapers
Aftonbladet and Svenska Dagbladet. All newspapers are strong
brands and hold leading positions within their region.

In 2018 revenues in Publishing increased 1 percent. Publishing
experienced an improved trend for online advertising, especially
VG. Circulation revenues were stable due to solid growth in digital
subscription revenues. Sales of print newspapers continued to decline.
The EBITDA" margin in 2018 was 8 percent.


--- Page 7 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2018
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Growth

Growth comprises a portfolio of web-based growth companies
including Lendo and Prisjakt. Lendo has become one of the leading
marketplaces for consumer lending in the Nordics since it was
founded in 2007.

In 2018 revenues in Growth increased 10 percent (excluding Hitta.se,
divested end of July 2017). The margin improved to 23 percent (21 %)'

Lendo is present in Sweden, Norway, Finland and Denmark with
services within consumer finance. The growth rate of Lendo Group
was 21 percent, driven by higher volumes. The EBITDA" margin
was 38 percent.

Prisjakt is present in Norway, Sweden, Finland and other selected
markets with price comparison services for e-commerce. Prisjakt
had revenue growth of 18 percent in 2018, and an EBITDA" margin
of 31 percent.

Research and development

Schibsted has been at the heart of the digital transformation for
more than 20 years, and continues to invest substantial resources
in improving and developing products offered to its users. All Group
entities are making continuous efforts to further develop both
existing products and products that will provide new revenue flows,
In 2018 innovation efforts focused on marketplace platforms, media
platforms, privacy, advertising technology, data analytics and identity.

Operational and financial risks

Schibsted is operating in an industry that is subject to constant
change, and is exposed to increased competition from disruptive
players, technology and new business models. Furthermore,
Schibsted's display advertising revenues, marketplace revenues
from the recruitment markets, and to some extent real estate
markets, are affected by macroeconomic cycles, i.e. unemployment
rates, real estate prices and GDP growth rates. Schibsted's commit-
ment to technology and innovation, and to diversification of revenue
streams from Publishing, Marketplaces and Growth companies,
are vital contributors to bringing these risks to an appropriate level.

External cyber-attacks and threats against Schibsted's IT security
may cause incidents of loss of personal data, fraud, loss of sensitive
business data and inaccessible or unreliable services. Prevention
of such attacks has high priority and is a vital part of Schibsted's
business.

Through its operations outside Norway, Schibsted is exposed
to fluctuations in the exchange rates of other currencies, mainly
Euro and Swedish kronor. The Group makes use of loans in foreign
currencies and financial derivatives to mitigate its currency exposure.

Schibsted’s credit risk is considered low as trade receivables are
diversified through a high number of customers, customer categories
and markets. Moreover, a major part of sales is done through prepaid

subscriptions or advertisements and credit card payments on the
purchase date. Liquidity risk associated with cash flow fluctuations
is also considered low as Schibsted has adequate equity and solid
credit facilities. See note 23 in the financial statements for more
details on currency risk, credit risk and liquidity risk.

Statement of corporate governance

Schibsted's governance systems are based on principles set out
in the Norwegian Code of Conduct for Corporate Governance. In
accordance with section 3-3b of the Norwegian Accounting Act, an
overall report of corporate governance at Schibsted has been pre-
pared and enclosed as a separate document in the annual report.
This statement is an integral part of the Board of Directors’ report.

Sustainability Report

In accordance with section 3-3c of the Norwegian Accounting Act,
areport of sustainability has been prepared. The report is included
as a separate document in the annual report and includes details
on working environment, injuries, accidents, sickness absence,
equality and non-discrimination, as well as social responsibility and
external environment. This report is an integral part of the Board
of Directors’ report.

Schibsted ASA

Schibsted ASA is the parent company of the Group and is located in
Oslo, Norway. The company supplies and performs services for the

3|


--- Page 8 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2018
BOARD OF DIRECTORS' REPORT

Group's other companies. Schibsted ASA delivered a profit after tax
of NOK 1 019 million (NOK -515 million)’, As at 31 December 2018
Schibsted ASA had total assets of NOK 31,618 million (NOK 30,297
million). The equity ratio was 53 percent (54 percent)!

The Board of Directors proposes the following allocation:

NOK 477 million
NOK 542 million

Proposed dividend:
Transferred to other equity:

As of 31 December 2018 Schibsted ASA had total equity of NOK
16,783 million. The Board of Directors has determined that Schibsted
ASA had adequate equity and liquidity at year-end 2018.

Outlook

Schibsted excluding Adevinta

The Nordic region is perceived to be a digital frontrunner region
and as such, a good venture lab to test new digital and disruptive
offerings. Schibsted will build on its track record of being able to
create and scale new business models and leverage technological
disruptions to evolve successfully in the Nordics and beyond. We
will concentrate on leveraging the combined force of our various
operations, founded on our well-known consumer brands, high traffic
volumes, and on our ability to harvest rich data and attract top talent.

Schibsted expects to see continued good revenue development for
its marketplace operations Finn.no, Blocket.se and Tori-fi. Increased
monetization of verticals and development of value-added services
and adjacent growth opportunities are expected to be key drivers.
Within Schibsted Growth, including Financial Services, Lendo is
expected to continue to grow well, although moderate expansion
investment into new markets, like Denmark, Poland and Austria,
will hamper margins somewhat. Prisjakt is expected to continue
with solid top-line growth and healthy margins.

The operations in News Media (formerly Publishing) will continue
to develop their digital business models based on strong editorial
products.

Adevinta

Adevinta endeavours to maintain and expand its favorable compe-
titive positions and markets while also capturing further core and
adjacent growth opportunities. Adevinta will continue to benefit
from organic online classifieds market growth, focused particularly
on tapping the untapped potential that lies in its strong verticals. At
the same time, Adevinta is focused on driving initiatives to increase
market shares of traffic, listings and eventually monetization and
profitability. France, Spain and Brazil are expected to be the key
drivers for growth going forward, driven by continued strong deve-
lopment of its verticals.

Going concern

Based on Schibsted’s long-term strategy and forecasts, and in
accordance with section 3-3a of the Norwegian Accounting Act,
the Board confirms that the prerequisites for the going concern
assumption exist and that the financial statements have been pre-
pared based on a going concern basis.

i Figures in parentheses are for the corresponding period for the previous year.

ii Source: Mediametrie; Comscore; Gemius; Similarweb - competitive positions based on
traffic. Spain: SCM Spain aggregated position.

ili EBITDA (before other income and expenses, impairment, joint ventures and Associates)

Paris, 21 March 2019
Schibsted ASA's Board of Directors

OleMacob Sunde
Chaitman of the Board

Christian Ringnes
Board member

Birger Steen
Board member

a a

Torbjorn Ek

Board member

Philippe Vimard
Board member

Eugénie Van Wiechen
Board member

4 ; vr) 7 « , J
GQ ‘yen, Jadlo-ty (UMN EVA WMaenre Bucude [Ad NA
Ingunn Saltbones Finn E. Vaga Marianne Budnik Orla Noonan Kristin Skogen Lund
Board member Board member Board member Board member CEO

10
