

--- Page 1 ---

Ea

Combined Management Report
Business and Strategy

CARE

COMPETITIVE SUSTAINABLE GROWTH

+ outperform the market
+ create consumer value
+ ensure sustainable profitability

OUR 5 STRATEGIC PRIORITIES

4 7 “1%
< “

\

@

ACCELERATE DIGITAL < UNEOCK WHITE SPOT
CONSUMER CONNECTION WIN WITH SKIN CARE POTENTIAL

FUEL THE GROWTH THR&
INCREASED PRODUCT

BUILD ON OUR STRONG FOUNDATIONS:
™ COMPLIANCE = CORE VALUES -
CULTURE - SUSTAINABILITY



--- Page 2 ---

23

T

Combined Management Report
Business and Strategy

Foundation of the Group

Business and Strategy

Founded in 1882, Beiersdorf is today one of the world’s leading companies in
the consumer goods industry. With strong brands, over 20,000 employees,
and more than 170 affiliates worldwide, we always strive to anticipate peo-
ples’ wishes and desires and offer them innovative, high-quality products.
Beiersdorf’s business is divided into two business segments:

In the Consumer Business Segment, our focus is on skin and body care. Our
strong portfolio comprises such brands as NIVEA, EUCERIN, HANSAPLAST,
and LA PRAIRIE, which are trusted by consumers around the world.

In the tesa Business Segment, we concentrate on developing high-quality
self-adhesive systems and product solutions for industry, craft businesses,
and end consumers. Since 2001, the tesa Business Segment has been man-
aged as an independent subgroup.

Consumer

The consumer goods industry, and particularly the skin care business, are
undergoing a historical disruption. Our business model must address the new
economic and technological challenges. However, challenges also create op-
portunities. We are confident that Beiersdorf has the potential to take these
opportunities and shape a successful future. Our response to the profound
transformation is our C.A.R.E.+ strategic program, which we announced in Feb-
ruary 2019. This involves introducing a new, multi-year investment initiative.
C.A.R.E.+ stands for four key attributes with which we want to sharpen our
forward-looking mindset and boost our competitive advantages: Courage,
Aspiration, Responsibility, and Empathy. The “+” symbolizes our efforts to
create added value for people and society.

With the new C.A.R.E.+ strategy, we aim to outperform the market, create
superior value for our consumers with high-margin products and innovations,
and ensure our sustainable profitability.

C.A.R.E.+ sets five strategic priorities:

Accelerate digital consumer connection

Win with skin care

Unlock white spot potential

Fuel the growth through increased productivity
Building on our strong foundations:

Compliance - Core Values - Culture - Sustainability

To ensure the sustainable success of our business, Beiersdorf worked inten-
sively on implementing these five strategic priorities during the reporting year
and achieved significant progress.

Accelerate digital consumer connection

Digital technologies create new opportunities for consumers to express their
individual needs and to underscore their expectations. With new digital chan-
nels and technologies, innovative integration of online and offline activities,
and better information about consumers’ wishes and behavior, we can offer
our consumers better and more personalized brand and product experiences.
This boosts consumer loyalty and is a decisive factor in enabling competitive
growth at Beiersdorf. We have therefore set ourselves the goal of offering our
consumers unique experiences whenever they encounter our brands and prod-
ucts all along their consumer journey. This goal is closely linked to our mission
for our brands and products: be visible, be shoppable, and be lovable.

To achieve this, we put considerable investment into the company-wide digital
transformation during the reporting year. In May 2019, for example, we opened
an EUCERIN online shop on China's largest international platform for e-commerce:
Tmall from Alibaba. This platform offers us the opportunity to present our in-
novations online to more than 150 million consumers in China and drive our
success in the Chinese market. Our new EUCERIN online shop in Russia and our
new NIVEA brand shop on the African ecommerce platform Jumia also ensure
that our products are available to new and sometimes difficult-to-reach target
groups. This allows us to leverage further growth potential in these markets.
In August 2019, we were also the first skin care brand to open our own NIVEA
brand shop on eBay Germany.

Win with skin care

For over 135 years, our focus has been on skin care - our core competency.
New technologies have changed consumer behavior in fundamental ways.
As a result, it is our mission to win over consumers by offering superior
innovations and a strong portfolio of global brands. We want to launch skin
care innovations that deliver real added value for consumers and thereby
boost Beiersdorf's competitiveness.

Numerous initiatives enabled us to reinforce our strong position in skin care
during the reporting year:

The new EUCERIN Anti-Pigment range was a real innovative breakthrough
for us. It is based on Thiamidol - the revolutionary active ingredient against
hyperpigmentation that we have developed and patented in years of pio-
neering work. Within just a few months, the range became the world’s No. 1
in caring for even skin and helped EUCERIN take a leading market position in
dermocosmetics in many countries.

Our entry into natural cosmetics was another important step we took in 2019
to further strengthen our skin care expertise and to meet increased consumer
demand for more natural and sustainable products. With FLORENA FERMENTED
SKINCARE, we are offering a range of certified natural cosmetic products with
an innovative concept that has fermentation at its heart for the first time
in the pilot markets Italy and France. Furthermore, the jars are made of


--- Page 3 ---

24

T

Combined Management Report
Business and Strategy

100% recycled plastic and the outer packaging of at least 70% recycled paper.
NIVEA, too, is catering to consumers’ desire for more natural products: The
new face care and cleansing range NIVEA Naturally Good that was introduced
in France, among other countries, is based on at least 98% ingredients of
natural origin.

A further important initiative was the creation of a new business unit:
OSCAR&PAUL acts as a start-up within the Beiersdorf Group, creating new
concepts, working methods, and development processes for skin care inno-
vations. In September, we launched Beiersdorf’s new SKIN STORIES brand on
the market. SKIN STORIES taps into a new mass-market skin care category:
caring for tattooed skin.

We achieved major progress in 2019 in honing our business and better posi-
tioning our portfolio in China. Following a thorough strategic review, Beiersdorf
transferred the Chinese SLEK hair care business to the Mengxing Zhiyuan Group,
based in Shenzhen, China, in August 2019. The divestment enables us to increase
our focus on our core expertise in skin care and to improve the profitability of
our Chinese portfolio. Beiersdorf also decided in 2019 to invest approximately
€10 million in a new skin care innovation center in Shanghai. This will become
the research and development headquarters for East and Northeast Asia and
drive the development of innovations relevant to the local Chinese market.

Unlock white spot potential

We are where consumers expect us and are systematically expanding our
presence in emerging markets, especially in Asia and Africa. By taking advan-
tage of existing growth opportunities, continuing to develop locally relevant
concepts, and bringing new ideas to market, we are achieving competitive,
sustainable growth.

During the reporting year, one of the first major milestones of the C.A.R.E.+
strategy was the acquisition of the iconic US brand COPPERTONE. With this
takeover, Beiersdorf gained access to the world’s largest sun care market, the
United States, and continued to expand its position as a globally successful
provider of sun protection products. COPPERTONE officially became part of the
Beiersdorf brand family on August 30, 2019.

We also invested in further market development in Brazil, Russia, and China
during the year under review and saw this deliver successes. While we became
the market leader in Brazil with EUCERIN Anti-Pigment, we introduced the
dermocosmetics brand in the emerging market of Russia, initially in pharma-
cies in the Moscow metropolitan area and in online shops. To bolster our success
on local markets, we opened an online shop for EUCERIN on the e-commerce
platform TMall in China.

Fuel the growth through increased productivity

Thanks to our fast, lean and focused organization, strong cost discipline, and
excellence in developing new concepts, we are raising our efficiency. We are
committed to continuously improving the benefits that we provide for our
consumers.

Being close to our consumers is critical for us to meet the specific and often
very different needs in the regions. It also means we can adjust quickly and
flexibly to changing expectations. In the reporting year, we systematically took
further steps in our work to set up and expand production capabilities in India,
Thailand, Brazil, and Spain. We are also investing in the business location of
Germany. In 2022, a new production facility in Leipzig-Seehausen is scheduled
to begin supplying Beiersdorf customers across Europe.

The expansion of our global production network provides us with close prox-
imity to our consumers - and thus a decisive competitive edge that we can use
to secure and expand our market share for the long term.

Building on our strong foundations:

Compliance - Core Values - Culture - Sustainability

Our employees are our most important capital. They are the backbone of our
company and are always close to consumers, cultures, and markets. Our Core
Values - Care, Simplicity, Courage, and Trust - set the parameters for our
day-to-day work. These values have shaped our corporate culture from the
very outset:

Care: We act respectfully toward our consumers, colleagues, brands, our
society, and our environment.

Simplicity: We strive for clarity and consistency, making decisions quickly
and pragmatically, and focusing on what is essential.

Courage: We are committed to bold objectives, take the initiative, learn from
our mistakes, and see change as an opportunity.

Trust: We say what we mean, keep our promises, and build on each other as
ateam.

As a global team, we want to act with purpose and decisiveness to make an
active contribution to society. We have made a clear commitment to sustain-
ability, and take on social responsibility. In the reporting year, we lived up to
our sustainability commitment with a wealth of initiatives. Our efforts on sus-
tainable packaging, our vision of the circular economy, and our commitment
to the sustainable cultivation of palm (kernel) oil and shea butter are described
in detail in the section on “Sustainability” and in our 2019 Sustainability Report.

tesa

The tesa SE Group (referred to in the following as “tesa” or the “tesa Group”)
is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of self-adhesive products and sys-
tem solutions for industrial customers and consumers. The tesa Group is part
of the Beiersdorf Group. It employs 4,926 people and operates in more than
100 countries. tesa SE is a wholly owned subsidiary of Beiersdorf Aktien-
gesellschaft and is the direct or indirect parent company of the 63 tesa affiliates
(previous year: 64).tesa operates worldwide, with its main focus on Europe,
followed by the business regions of Africa/Asia/Australia and Americas. In addi-
tion to the German locations, the affiliates in China, the United States, Italy and
Singapore are among the largest single companies in the tesa Group. The tesa


--- Page 4 ---

25

T

Combined Management Report
Business and Strategy

Group has production facilities in Europe (Germany and Italy), North America
(United States), and Asia (China). The company headquarters, which include
the research and technology center, are located in Norderstedt, near Hamburg.

Direct Industries

In the Direct Industries division, tesa supplies specialized system solutions
directly to industrial customers, especially in the electronics, printing and
paper, building and construction, and automotive industries. The strategic
focus is primarily on developing and expanding profitable business lines in
technologically advanced fields of application. tesa’s system solutions are used
to optimize and enhance the efficiency of production processes, as customized
protection and packaging systems, and as fastening solutions in construction-
related applications.

tesa also offers digital connectivity solutions for branded products under tesa
scribos GmbH. Currently at the forefront is the tesa® 360 Data Analytics soft-
ware solution. Thanks to this data analysis module, brand owners can gather
and integrally analyze data through their connected products. This provides
new insights, for example into how to protect against counterfeiting, into
consumer behavior, or into supply chain processes.

Another promising business area that tesa is developing for the future is being
handled by tesa Labtec GmbH. This tesa affiliate develops and manufactures
transdermal therapeutic systems (medicated patches) as well as buccal films
(medicated films that allow direct uptake of drugs through the oral mucosa)
for the pharmaceutical industry.

Trade Markets

The Trade Markets division encompasses those markets in which tesa supplies
end customers with market-driven products via retail partners or retail-like
channels rather than directly. This segment includes the product ranges aimed
at private consumers and craftsmen as well as adhesive tapes that are intend-
ed for commercial customers and marketed primarily via the technical trade.

In the General Industrial Markets business segment, tesa offers a wide range
of products for diverse applications in various industrial sectors, including prod-
uct ranges for assembly and repair, tapes to secure items during transporta-
tion, and adhesive solutions for the packaging industry.

In the Consumer & Craftsmen segment, whose business is focused on Europe
and Latin America, tesa markets innovative product solutions intended for
various applications, including for daily use in offices, the home, and in crafts.
Under the tesa umbrella brand, DIY stores and superstores as well as paper
goods and stationery shops offer end consumers a broad assortment of more
than 300 innovative products in the consumer segment. The Craftsmen busi-
ness area focuses on tailor-made product ranges for professional tradesmen
as well as on the development and implementation of marketing concepts
tailored to target groups.

Management and Control

The Executive Board manages the company and is dedicated to sustainably
increasing its value. In addition to the functional areas of responsibility within
the Executive Board, there are regional areas of responsibility. The Executive
Board is closely involved in the company's operational business in particular
through the allocation of responsibilities for the regions and markets. A break-
down of the Executive Board's areas of responsibility can be found in the chapter
“Beiersdorf AG Boards” of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The tesa Business Segment is managed as an independent subgroup.

Information on the remuneration of the Executive and Supervisory Boards as
well as on incentive and bonus systems is provided in the Remuneration Report,
which forms part of the Combined Management Report. The Corporate Gov-
ernance Statement of Beiersdorf AG and the Group in accordance with §§ 289f
and 315d Handelsgesetzbuch (German Commercial Code, HGB) has been made
publicly available on the company’s website at www.beiersdorf.com/corporate_
governance_statement. Additional information regarding management and con-
trol, the general management structure, and the Declaration of Compliance in
accordance with § 161 Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation Act, AktG) is
also provided in the Corporate Governance Report.

Value Management and Performance Management
System

The goal of Beiersdorf’s business activities is to sustainably increase the
company’s market share by achieving quality growth and, at the same time,
to expand its earnings base. The long-term key performance indicators -
organic sales growth’ in conjunction with market share development, EBIT, and
the EBIT margin before special factors (the ratio of EBIT to sales) - are derived
from this goal. The aim is to generate internationally competitive returns
through continuous investment in growth opportunities, systematic cost
management, and the highly efficient use of resources.

The company has created an efficient management system in order to meet
these strategic goals. Corporate management derives business performance
targets for the individual units in the Group for the coming year from the
Group’s strategic business goals. This planning covers all segments and affiliates.
Formal adoption by the Executive and Supervisory Board of the Group's plan-
ning for the following year is generally in the fall.

Actual key performance indicators are compared with target values and with
the current forecast for the year as a whole at regular intervals during the
fiscal year. These comparisons are used to manage the business in line with
the objectives.

The tesa Business Segment forms a separate, independent unit within the
Group. It is also managed on the basis of sales growth, the operating result
(EBIT), and the EBIT margin.

In addition to the key financial performance indicators shown above, the
company employs a number of non-financial indicators that are described
in the chapters “Research and Development,” “Sustainability,” and “People at
Beiersdorf” of the Combined Management Report.

* For the definition of organic sales growth refer to Significant Accounting Policies (“Notes to the Segment Reporting").


--- Page 5 ---

26
T
Combined Management Report
Business and Strategy

Acquisition of brand icon COPPERTONE*

Sun protection has been a major pillar of Beiersdorf’s skin care business for
more than 80 years. With the acquisition of COPPERTONE, the company
is bringing together three of the world’s top sun care brands under one roof:
NIVEA SUN, a global pioneer in sun protection; EUCERIN, the dermo-
cosmetic brand providing tailored sun protection to individual skin needs;
and COPPERTONE, one of the most well-known sun protection brands in
the United States. With our combined expertise and knowledge,
Beiersdorf is the leading global sun care player.

Vly
N 7
0:
ams —_—>
Beiersdorf enters the
world’s largest sun care
market and strengthens
its presence in '®
North America

One of the
( most well-known
sun care brands

\f
aS in the US

First major
acquisition under the
COPPERTONE C.A.R.E.+ strategy
production site
in Cleveland, 450
Tennessee COPPERTONE
(USA) employees joined
Beiersdorf in 2019
SUN CARE PIONEERS
1936 1944 1972 1981 1991 2017 2019
NIVEA’s first COPPERTONE COPPERTONE NIVEA’s first EUCERIN SUN Launch of COPPERTONE
special is first US sun pioneers the waterproof sun for sun allergy NIVEA’s “anti- launches
sun product care brand SPF system product (Europe) protection stains after Sport Clear
(Europe) launched wash” technology

* This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.


--- Page 6 ---

27

T

Combined Management Report

Research and Development

Research and Development

For an innovation-driven company like Beiersdorf, research and development
are of particular importance. It is the key to success and the development of
innovations is part of our DNA. By developing more innovative products and
solutions, we offer value to our consumers around the world. That is why we
continuously research new active ingredients and solutions and systematically
advance new, groundbreaking technologies.

To bring promising ideas to market as quickly as possible, we regularly evaluate
our research program and define clear focus areas. In that regard, our research
and development activities have the following areas of focus in line with our
two business segments:

In the Consumer Business Segment, Beiersdorf develops innovative,
high-quality skin care products. By addressing consumer needs, global
trends, and regional requirements through our research and product devel-
opment and translating them into effective and well-tolerated skin care
products, we create added value for millions of people around the world.

In the tesa Business Segment, we are committed to the development of
high-quality self-adhesive system and product solutions. Our research and
development here aims to identify needs, respond flexibly to special require-
ments and market trends, and make our customers’ workflows even more
efficient and effective.

As of December 31, 2019, 1,453 people were employed in research and develop-
ment at Beiersdorf worldwide (previous year: 1,389). Of this total, 902 (previous
year: 850) worked in the Consumer Business Segment and 551 (previous year:
539) in the tesa Business Segment.

In 2019, as part of our investment offensive, that is a product of our corporate
strategy C.A.R.E.+, we significantly increased our expenditure on research and
development. At the end of the fiscal year, expenditure in this area amounted
to €236 million, up 12.2% on the previous year (previous year: €211 million). In
2019, in the Consumer Business Segment, Beiersdorf invested €177 million
(+14.5%) and in the tesa Business Segment €59 million (+5.6%) in research and
development.

Consumer

Research and development excellence

Beiersdorf has built its global reputation on strong skin care expertise. We have
made it our mission to decode the skin’s complex processes, research how
certain substances interact with the human skin, and develop innovative new
product formulations and solutions. The use of state-of-the-art technologies -
for example in the fields of systems biology, rapid prototyping, and artificial
intelligence - is essential for us. With this work, we ensure the innovative
strength and dermatological expertise of our company.

The development of sustainable, environmentally friendly solutions - for
product formulas as well as packaging - is of utmost importance for Beiersdorf.
With our innovations, we aim to make a long-term contribution to a livable fu-
ture and are actively driving areas of interest such as sustainable ingredients,
environmentally friendly product packaging, and the concept of the circular
economy through various projects and initiatives. These topic areas will be
presented in greater detail in the “Sustainability” chapter as well as in the 2019
Sustainability Report.

Intensive basic research is the source of our innovations - and a major focus
of our work. The following topics were among the research fields in the year
under review:

* The development of alternative testing methods, i.e. new methods for safety
assessments of cosmetic products, has been a substantial part of our research
work for years. In 2019, in collaboration with various universities and the
European association of the cosmetics industry (Cosmetics Europe), we
worked on optimizing a method to assess skin penetration (the so-called
OECT test method) - an important step toward safety assessments. In col-
laboration with the University of Hamburg, we also made significant progress
in the complex assessment of potential skin sensitization. Using a combina-
tion of laboratory experiments and novel in silico (via computer simulation)
techniques, we can now better assess the effects of organic molecules.
Beiersdorf has been an important pioneer in the field of alternative safety
assessments for 35 years. By developing new reliable methods and actively
participating in validation studies, our employees continuously advance this
area with the aim to quickly and reliably demonstrate the tolerability and
effectiveness of our cosmetic products. Artificial intelligence and organ-on-
a-chip models are the first important tools enabling us to evaluate enormous
amounts of data faster and more reliably and to model possible effects of a
substance applied to the skin over several days.

Beiersdorf continued to drive its research on the skin's energy metabolism.
Together with experts from the University of Ancona (Italy), Beiersdorf
demonstrated the essential role of coenzyme Q10 in the physiology of fibro-
blasts (connective tissue cells). This work showed that even a slight decrease
in the Q10 content in cells initially leads to an increased occurrence of damag-
ing free radicals (called oxidative stress), followed by cellular energy me-
tabolism dysfunction and premature cell aging. The skin's energy metabolism
remains highly relevant to modern anti-aging research.

During 2019, epigenetics, the study of how environmental factors affect cell
properties and gene activity, was another central focus of our research work.
Because epigenetic changes can influence skin aging and the general
appearance of the skin, Beiersdorf researchers collaborated with renowned
institutions, e.g. the German Cancer Research Center (Deutsches Krebs-
forschungszentrum, DKFZ), to identify what is known as epigenetically
active substances for skin care that can reverse skin-relevant processes.
Beiersdorf has already developed the first model substances in this pio-
neering field that will be further optimized.


--- Page 7 ---

28

T

Combined Management Report
Research and Development

* Protecting the skin against the negative effects of sun exposure is one of
Beiersdorf's core strengths. Our research over the past years has repeatedly
shown that sun damage to the skin is not caused by UV rays alone, but that
visible light also has a significant impact on the skin. Using conventional filters
to protect against visible light would lead to strongly discolored products,
therefore we have developed active ingredients that protect the skin’s phys-
iology by blocking free radicals and inflammatory processes induced by
visible light. The findings of the Cosmetics Europe Sun Protection Task Force
- a panel of industry experts - during 2019 have now shown that these
anti-inflammatory agents do not affect the sun protection factor; therefore,
adequate protection through UV filters is still necessary and ensured.

Global Open Innovation network

Collaboration with external partners is an integral component of our research
and development activities. Through combining complementary expertise and
leveraging synergies we are able to strengthen our collective capacity to inno-
vate and actively shape the skin care of tomorrow. In 2019, around 300 dif-
ferent research institutions, universities, start-ups, independent scientists and
suppliers were part of Beiersdorf’s global collaboration network.

Since 2016, we have been gathering all Open Innovation activities under the
“Pearlfinders - We Open Innovation” umbrella. Our Trusted Network platform
is a central component of our Open Innovation strategy. The online network
(https://trusted-pearlfinders.beiersdorf.com) based on trust, fairness, and partner-
ship gives external partners from all around the world access to our confiden-
tial scientific research topics and invites them to offer their own ideas and
solutions. Other Beiersdorf Open Innovation formats include our in-house events
such as the Supplier Fair, Incubation Labs, and the Formulation Academy, where
selected innovation partners present ideas and trends.

Close to consumers and markets

Beiersdorf is characterized by a global presence of research and development.
The largest site in our research and development network is our skin research
center in Hamburg, where we employed 683 (previous year: 673) researchers
and developers as of December 31, 2019. Work here concentrates on new dis-
coveries to provide even better support to the skin's own metabolic processes.
Based on their results, the scientists in product development combine the
various active ingredients into new and highly effective products that meet
consumers’ needs. As product quality, safety, and tolerability are the top
priority for Beiersdorf, newly developed products are tested before market
launch, both externally and at Beiersdorf’s own test center within the skin
research facility. A total of 480 studies with 19,000 participants were con-
ducted at the Beiersdorf Test Center during the reporting period. Moreover,
1,700 studies with more than 44,500 participants were conducted interna-
tionally in 2019.

* This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.

In addition to the large skin research center in Hamburg, Beiersdorf has regional
laboratories in Brazil, China, India, Japan, Mexico, and the United States. Our
international development sites enable us to respond to cultural, aesthetic, and
climatic conditions, and to develop products specifically for local needs and
preferences. Through this research, we also participate in global innovation de-
velopment and have access to local experts. Our approximately 35 coworkers
from the research department of our US-American sun care brand COPPERTONE,
acquired in 2019, have been integrated into our research group. We are working
closely together to leverage synergies and accelerate our sun care expertise.

Innovations*

Innovation is one of our core competencies and thus a cornerstone of our
business strategy. We have set ourselves the objective of continually intro-
ducing new skin care products that focus completely on our consumers’ needs
and wishes and generate added value. In saying that, as part of this objective
our innovations are not only focussed on cosmetic formulas; the development
of innovative, sustainable packaging is also a part of our intensive research and
development work.

We believe our unique culture of innovation, which has always been a part of
research and development at Beiersdorf, is what essentially drives our ability
to innovate. It is at the heart of why we always have a well-stocked innovation
pipeline.

The following product launches were among the most important innovations
in the reporting year:

* The anti-aging skin care range NIVEA Hyaluron Cellular Filler + Elasticity &
Reshape was one of the strongest market launches in the NIVEA Face segment.
Its innovative formula is based on a combination of the cell-activating ingre-
dients hyaluronic acid, collagen, and elastin (proofs in vitro). This formula
leaves the skin moisturized for 24 hours and stimulates the skin’s own pro-
duction of hyaluronic acid, collagen, and elastin (proofs in vitro), counter-
acting the signs of skin aging. The skin is plumped up from the inside out,
deep wrinkles are visibly reduced, and the skin is clearly firmer in appearance.
Alongside day, night, and eye creams, the range also includes a re-densifying
anti-spot treatment serum and a bi-phase oil elixir.

The new face care and cleansing range NIVEA Naturally Good, which has
been launched in France, among other countries, meets the trend toward
more natural skin care products. The products support the skin’s regener-
ation and make it look naturally beautiful and healthy. To ensure maximum
product safety and stability, we use 1% to 2% synthetic ingredients in the
product range.


--- Page 8 ---

29
T
Combined Management Report
Research and Development

Research success Thiamidol*

Thiamidol is an active ingredient patented by Beiersdorf that is
the result of years of research and extensive development
processes. Clinical and dermatological studies confirm the very
good effectiveness and skin compatibility of this potent
ingredient, which, when applied regularly, reduces pigment
spots and protects the skin from developing new ones.

fi ™

Eucerin

————
More than a ‘ , — The driving
10 years <n / 7ay< force
went into research by NZ Za in the growing
Beiersdorf scientists 9 . Se anti-pigment market
for this highly effective > . By Y ee is EUCERIN.
ingredient. —~ t e
\
(. 4)
> 50,000 The clear
ingredients number 1

were tested at Beiersdorf’s in the even skin category in the
EUCERIN core markets is
the EUCERIN Anti-Pigment
range with Thiamidol as an

active ingredient.

laboratories. Thiamidol
proved to be the most
effective active ingredient.

» ) »’ 4
> ~ 8 ef.
— & @&

Start of treatment . 4 weeks 8 weeks 12 weeks

First visible results after 2 weeks

* This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.


--- Page 9 ---

30

T

Combined Management Report
Research and Development

Both of the new NIVEA facial cleansing oils impress with an innovative tech-
nology. Based on moisturizing oils, the formula creates a milky texture as
soon as it comes into contact with water and is particularly effective and
gentle in cleansing. Even waterproof makeup and mascara can be removed
without cotton pads. In addition, the packaging consists of 25% recycled PET.

In the past fiscal year, the nourishing NIVEA Beauty Elixir Deo was our largest
product launch in the NIVEA deodorants segment. The alcohol-free formula
with precious milk essence helps the skin retain moisture, recover from irri-
tation, and protects against odor for 48 hours, and in the antiperspirant
version also against sweat. NIVEA Beauty Elixir Deo is available as a deo-
dorant and an antiperspirant.

The NIVEA SUN Sensitive Immediate Protection range provides a high to
very high sun protection factor thanks to its reliable UV filter, and is particu-
larly suitable for sensitive skin, for the protection against sun allergy, and the
prevention of skin irritations caused by the sun. The light, non-oily, water-
proof formulas do not contain any fragrances and are enriched with natural
aloe vera.

Beiersdorf’s NIVEA MEN Sensitive All-in-One Balm is facial care for men with
sensitive skin. Regardless of whether freshly shaved or sporting a three-day
beard, the balm soothes the skin after shaving and reduces stubble itch.

Following the successful international launch of EUCERIN Anti-Pigment in
2018, EUCERIN Sun Pigment Control LSF50+ was launched in 2019. The
product is based on Thiamidol’, an anti-pigment ingredient developed and
patented by Beiersdorf. When used regularly, this active ingredient gradually
reduces hyperpigmentation of skin (pigment spots) and prevents its reap-
pearance. In addition, the product offers highly effective protection against
harmful UV rays, and also against high-energy visible light exposure which
are main triggers for developing hyperpigmentation. With a range of products
with the ingredient Thiamidol", Beiersdorf is setting a new standard in dermo-
cosmetics.

In 2019, Beiersdorf launched EUCERIN AtopiControl Balm, a daily use
moisturizing balm suitable for atopic dermatitis skin conditions. This quickly
absorbent basic skin care provides intensive moisture, and strengthens the
natural skin barrier, soothes irritated skin, and provides relief from itching.
Thus, this product improves effectively the quality of life and sleep for babies,
children, and adults and can also be used during acute flare-ups together
with EUCERIN AtopiControl Acute Care Cream and EUCERIN Anti-Itching
Spray. The balm contains ingredients such as soothing Licochalcone A
(liquorice root extract), Ceramides, and shea butter.

* In 2019, we extended our successful EUCERIN Hyaluron-Filler range with the
new EUCERIN Hyaluron-Filler Moisture Booster and the EUCERIN Hyaluron-
Filler Vitamin C Booster and further strengthened our position in the dermo-
cosmetic anti-aging segment. The new EUCERIN Hyaluron-Filler Moisture
Booster counteracts the first signs of aging skin by plumping up the skin
intensively with moisture. The light, quickly absorbent formula with just 11
ingredients combines highly concentrated hyaluronic acid with glycerin. Both
ingredients work as moisture magnets, reducing the first appearance of
wrinkles and leaving the skin looking healthy and fresh. EUCERIN Hyaluron-
Filler Vitamin C Booster also reduces the first appearance of wrinkles from
the inside out, leaving the skin looking fresher and smoother in only seven
days. An innovative two-compartment dispensing system activates the
vitamin C just before applying the formula, releasing its full effect as an
antioxidant. In doing so, it neutralizes free radicals which accelerate skin
aging while at the same time it stimulates the production of collagen in skin
cells. The skin is strengthened and skin aging is counteracted.

Following the success of HANSAPLAST/ELASTOPLAST/CURITAS Routine, the
Healthcare business launched the new Spiral Heat plaster onto European
markets. Its innovative technology is especially designed for targeted pain
relief, yet offers maximum flexibility due to the 3D-flexible spiral heat cells.
It has a special soft touch material for all-day wearing comfort and is ideal
for back, neck, and shoulder pain.

In 2019, in our luxury brand LA PRAIRIE, we launched our Platinum Rare
Cellular Life Lotion - a complete essence-in-lotion, that helps to boost skin
renewal from within by supporting three key detoxification processes at the
cellular level. The Skin Caviar collection, too, was complemented by another
highlight in 2019: Skin Caviar Eye Lift combines LA PRAIRIE‘s iconic caviar
beads with an innovative gel-cream emulsion, and is the first eye-opening
serum for the entire eye area, including brows.

Under the brand name FLORENA FERMENTED SKINCARE, we launched for
the first time a certified natural cosmetics range of products in the pilot
markets of Italy and France that has fermentation at its heart. This new care
line is our response to fulfilling the consumer's desire for natural ingredi-
ents and certified natural cosmetics. The vegan formulas contain at least
99% ingredients of natural origin. Furthermore, the cream jars are made of
100% recycled plastic and the outer packaging of at least 70% recycled paper.

Tattooed skin has specialized care needs. That is why in 2019, Beiersdorf
launched the first care system for tattooed skin under the brand SKIN STORIES.
The anti-aging products with InkGuard-Technology” provide optimal care for
tattoos and protect them from fading and smudging over the long term. The
four products in the new care category cover the entire life cycle of tattoos
- from initial care to daily care and sun protection.


--- Page 10 ---

31

T

Combined Management Report
Research and Development

As a result of our regional research and development work, in the reporting
year we also launched the following regional innovations on the market:

In the Asia-Pacific region, we launched NIVEA Luminous 630 SpotClear
Booster Serum and NIVEA Luminous 630 SpotClear Oil Control Moisturizer
SPF 50, two moisturizers that also counteract pigment spots on the skin.
Another innovation in the region is the NIVEA Botanical Foam Facial
Cleanser developed specially for the Chinese market, which contains
various amino acids and herbal ingredients.

In India, we have developed NIVEA Milk Delights, a range of innovative,
soap-free cleansing products whose formula contains special milk proteins.

In the United States, we introduced the NIVEA Deeply Moisturizing Body-
Wash series, a new shower gel range. Its innovative formula combines
cleansing and skin care in one product.

Strong patent portfolio

Our innovative strength and competitiveness are demonstrated not least by
our patents. As a skin research company, they hold particular relevance because
they protect our innovative active ingredients, products, and technologies
across the globe - subject to the regulatory framework in the respective coun-
tries. In 2019, we filed 98 new patents worldwide. As of December 31, 2019,
around 1,200 patent filings were in the ongoing grant procedure. At the end of
the fiscal year, the entire patent portfolio comprised more than 2,700 patents.

tesa

Structural adhesives

In 2019, R&D at tesa continued to focus on technologies for structural adhe-
sives. In particular, this includes technologies for adhesive solutions with
particularly high bonding strength and long-term resistance, which have so far
only been possible with mechanical joining techniques such as screws, rivets,
and welding. In collaboration with innovation leaders in the global automotive
industry, tesa developed high-performance and durable joining solutions for
automobile bodies and vehicle interiors, which also meet the high requirements
for quality assurance and efficient processing steps. Another area of focus is
structural bonding of various high-quality and heat-sensitive surfaces at room
temperature. The main field of application for these products is the assembly
of electronic devices, such as mobile phones. The first new technologies were
successfully tested with selected innovation leaders.

The development of structural adhesives is carried out within tesa’s global
Research and Development network with its locations in Germany, China, and
North America, ensuring optimal collaboration with innovation leaders and
customers. This development work was supported by the European Union via
the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF).

Environmentally friendly adhesive solutions for industry

While working on processes and products with particularly low environmental
impact and efficient use of resources, tesa has developed sustainable adhesive
solutions for sophisticated packaging, such as solutions to safeguard high-
quality and heavy electronic devices during transport. The core offering includes
adhesive tapes made from renewable raw materials as well as from recycled
and biodegradable components.

Further advances in extrusion technology

In 2019, tesa made further advances in extrusion technology, which avoids the
use of solvents. Special adhesive masses can now be produced in a versatile
and environmentally friendly manner with smaller production batch sizes. This
technology opens up new fields of application in the global automotive, elec-
tronics, and construction industries. Through this manufacturing process,
high-quality adhesive layers can be produced without the need for solvents
and without the drying and water treatment required during processing of
adhesive dispersions.

Flame-resistant and flame-retardant adhesive tapes
Particularly high safety standards apply to many applications in railways,
interior fittings of aircraft, and increasingly also in battery-powered cars. Spe-
cifically for these requirements, tesa developed components for flame-resistant
and flame-retardant adhesive tapes, which even help extinguish flames. By
combining new technologies and in collaboration with international research
institutions, prototypes have been manufactured that are also particularly easy
on the environment.

Mounting of sensors

Sensor technology and sensors are a fast-growing field in which adhesive tapes
also play an important role. Ever more powerful sensors are being produced
at ever lower cost to gather data in all areas of life. The data is frequently pro-
cessed and used via the internet. tesa has developed a whole array of double-
sided adhesive tapes with new adhesive layers with which these sensors can be
easily and reliably mounted to a wide range of surfaces, including human skin.

Specialist adhesive tapes for the construction industry

tesa expanded its technology portfolio through the acquisition of Functional
Coatings LLC in the United States in 2018. Of notable mention from this port-
folio are specialist adhesive tapes, which are used in the insulation for modern
building envelopes. In 2019, new technologies and prototypes in this area for
the intelligent control of heat and moisture in modern building structures with
a high proportion of wood were successfully developed. These solutions make
an important contribution to sustainable building construction.


--- Page 11 ---

32

T

Combined Management Report
Sustainability

Sustainability*

Climate change is the most important challenge that we as a society are facing
today, so sustainability was also a key priority for us during the past year. We
have always been a company with a solid and well-balanced approach to
environmental protection, social responsibility, and economic success. However,
we want to further increase our efforts in this context. Sustainability is deeply
rooted in our corporate culture and well implemented in our decision-making
and business processes.

Detailed information on our commitment to sustainability is available in our Sus-
tainability Report, which is published at www.beiersdorf.com/sustainability_review.

Consumer

Within our Consumer Business Segment, we updated our sustainability agenda
in 2019. What used to be our “We care.” strategy with the three pillars “Products,
Planet, People,” is now an integral part of our C.A.R.E.+ strategy and addresses
sustainability truly holistically. Our new, up-to-date sustainability agenda
defines seven focus areas where we as a company want to have a significant
impact on our environment, our society and our consumers. As the urgency to
act and to contribute as a business to drive change on a global scale has never
been higher, we started to already activate our new agenda while it was in
its development phase. We plan to set ambitious targets for all focus fields
during the course of 2020 and will ensure the regular monitoring of our
progress using environmental and social performance indicators.

During the implementation of our new sustainability agenda, we want to
involve our key stakeholders - especially our employees, investors, suppliers,
consumers, and non-governmental organizations (NGOs). In this way, we will
not only maximize output, but also build trusting relationships and enhance
our own understanding of the most relevant topics.

Looking back at 2019, we are proud not only to have successfully set up our
new Sustainability Agenda, but also to have succeeded in achieving our
ambitious commitments within the “We care.” strategy even one year earlier
than planned.

Products

One target has been to continuously make our products more environmentally
friendly. By 2020, our goal was to generate 50% of our global sales from prod-
ucts with an improved environmental impact compared with the base year 2011.
With a figure of 55% at the end of 2019, we have reached this target ahead of
time. This was strongly driven by improvements in product formulas and sus-
tainable packaging solutions. And with the “Plastic Pledge” announced in the
first quarter of 2019, we have already made a new commitment to sustainable
packaging: By 2025, we want 100% of our packaging to be recyclable, compost-
able, or reusable, and at the same time we want to increase the use of recycled
content in our plastic packaging in Europe to 25%. The new NIVEA Face
Cleansing Oils launched in the reporting year are the first such products on the
market: Their packaging consists of 25% recycled PET, saving over 12 metric tons
of virgin plastic per year. Since spring 2019, we have also been participating
with two NIVEA MEN aftershave products in the pilot phase of the zero-waste

* This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.

shopping platform “Loop.” Created by the recycling company TerraCycle,
the project aims to create a closed-loop material cycle and avoid single-use
packaging.

With regard to product formulations, we also made good progress in the re-
porting year and continued switching palm (kernel) oil-based raw materials to
mass-balanced palm (kernel) oil derivatives: In 2019, we covered around 91%
of our demand with mass-balanced palm (kernel) oil (previous year: 63%).
Through close collaboration with our suppliers, we have also created further
transparency in the supply chain for palm (kernel) oil-based raw materials: We
managed to identify the exact origin of 92% of our purchase volume and have
been making efforts to further improve transparency and sustainability along
the supply chain for palm (kernel) oil derivatives. For example, we co-founded
the Action for Sustainable Derivatives (ASD) initiative launched in 2019. As an
acknowledgement of our efforts, the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) awarded
us the top score of “A” in 2019 for our work in addressing deforestation.

Our commitment to the sustainable cultivation of raw materials used in our
production was extended in 2019 to encompass shea butter, an ingredient used
in some of our skin care products. We joined the Global Shea Alliance (GSA)
and, together with our Swedish-Danish shea supplier AAK, launched a project
with which we will support 10,000 women shea farmers over five years in Ghana
and Burkina Faso. In December 2019, we also launched a first limited edition
of “NIVEA VON HERZEN” - a product containing 100% pure and sustainably pro-
duced shea butter.

In the reporting year, we also achieved further progress with regard to biode-
gradable ingredients: Our rinse-off products such as shampoos and shower gels
are now completely free of microplastics, and we have switched the affected
formulas to biodegradable opacifiers. Also, for our leave-on products such as
skin creams, we are working on the elimination of raw materials categorized
as microplastics. Nylon, for example, which is used in some products to deliver
asmooth skin feeling, will be replaced by the end of 2020. By increasing our
usage of biodegradable polymers across our assortments, we continue to
pursue our goal of improving the environmental impact of our product port-
folio overall.

Planet

As a globally operating and responsible company, our aim is to take all neces-
sary measures to combat climate change and encourage a sparing and efficient
use of resources. As already mentioned before, the situation we face globally
is very challenging and we are highly committed to taking all necessary steps
in driving the change. Saving water, avoiding waste, and reducing our energy
consumption are essential parts of our commitment to sustainability. With our
“We care.” strategy, we had set ourselves the target to reduce our energy-re-
lated CO, emissions per manufactured product by 70% by 2025 (base year
2014). We are heading in the right direction in this area and achieved 65% less
CO, emissions per product in the reporting year. We will continue to do even
more in the future. The scheduled switch of all our sites to renewable electric-
ity by 2020 was achieved early in the reporting year (previous year: 81%). We
signed the climate pledge of the UN Global Compact and thus committed our-
selves to even more ambitious climate targets that meet the requirements laid
out by scientists to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. These targets
will be announced in the first quarter of 2020.


--- Page 12 ---

33
q
Combined Management Report
Sustainability

Our new Consumer Sustainability Agenda*

During 2019, sustainability has been uplifted to become an integral part of our
C.A.R.E.+ strategy and, hence, a strategic priority for our business. What used
to be our “We care.” sustainability commitment with the three pillars “Products,
Planet, People,” is now a truly holistic approach with seven focus areas. They
define where we as a company want to create a significant impact for our
environment, for our society, and for our consumers.

For a Carbon
positive future

E+
SUSTAINABILITY
AGENDA

Beiersdorf

FIRST STEPS TAKEN IN 2019

Y ©

CLIMATE PLEDGE PLASTIC PLEDGE
* Commitment to set a more ambitious climate target + 100% recyclable, compostable, or reusable packaging
+ Target: limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius + 25% recycled content in our plastic packaging in Europe

* This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.


--- Page 13 ---

34

T

Combined Management Report
Sustainability

People

The well-being of our employees is a high priority for us and we are convinced
that a healthy and attractive working environment is fundamental to the
success of our business. We therefore offer a variety of health and safety ini-
tiatives for our employees. We are also committed to fair working conditions
and to a transparent, respectful cooperation with all suppliers and partners.

Our “Zero Accidents” program launched in 2015, with which we aim to reduce
potential risks in the workplace, continued successfully in the reporting year:
Beiersdorf further reduced the accident rate at its production sites to 1.2%
(previous year: 1.9%).

We also actively work outside our company boundaries to sustainably improve
the situation of our fellow citizens. Pursuant to our “People” commitment, we
aim to reach and improve the lives of one million families by 2020. In the re-
porting year, we reached 1,068,958 families, considerably exceeding this target
ahead of time, just like our “Products” targets described above.

New Sustainability Agenda from 2020 onwards

We are convinced that acting responsibly and sustainably is an essential part
of ensuring that our company is fit for the future. Our commitment to sustain-
ability is therefore firmly embedded in our new C.A.R.E.+ company strategy,
which was established in 2019.

We took the start of C.A.R.E.+ as an opportunity to rework our sustainability
strategy during the reporting year. As mentioned above, our new Sustainability
Agenda will go beyond the “Products, Planet, People” approach and is not only
more up-to-date and holistic but also more ambitious: From 2020 onwards,
we will work on seven focus areas which are aligned with the UN Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs):

* Carbon-positive future

Fully circular resources

Sustainable land use

* Regenerative water environments

* Employees along our entire value chain
* Inclusive society

* Consumer health and well-being

We are in the process of setting ourselves ambitious targets for each of these
focus areas. They will define how we aim to minimize the negative impacts of
our business activities and how we take effective, positive action for the envi-
ronment, for society, and for our consumers.

More details on our new Sustainability Agenda and the projects we imple-
mented in the reporting year can be found in our Sustainability Report or at
www.beiersdorf.com/sustainability.

tesa

Responsibility

At tesa, growth and economic success are inextricably linked with corporate
responsibility. Climate protection, responsible use of resources, and occupa-
tional health and safety are therefore firmly anchored in the business processes.
Moreover, civic engagement is an active part of our corporate culture.

Climate and environmental protection

tesa’s primary environmental impact is the energy consumption at its produc-
tion sites. Therefore, tesa places particular emphasis on climate protection
and reducing CO, emissions. Environmental management systems are used at
all sites with a significant environmental impact in order to control environ-
mental performance effectively. Seven production sites and tesa’s global head-
quarters have an ISO 14001-certified environmental management system. Global
headquarters and the sites with the highest CO, emissions (Hamburg and
Offenburg) additionally have an ISO 50001 certified energy management sys-
tem. The energy management systems are the backbone of further increases
in energy efficiency at the sites.

With its environmental program, tesa has been setting Group-wide, ambitious
targets to improve its ecological footprint since 2001. The current target period
applies to the years 2016 to 2020. Over this period, specific CO, emissions per
metric ton of end product (location-based) are to be cut by a further 10% com-
pared with the 2015 reference year. Strategic approaches are the use of energy-
and resource-saving technologies, such as efficient generation of the com-
pany’s own energy through combined heat and power plants as well as the
purchase of electricity from renewable sources. On the reporting date, the CO,
emissions per metric ton of end product were 9.8% lower than the reference
year 2015 (location-based method).

With its waste and raw materials management, tesa aims to minimize losses
of the raw materials used in production, to use materials efficiently, and to
recycle them whenever possible. Safe waste and hazardous waste containing
solvents are almost fully recycled. By 2020, tesa aims to cut the specific waste
volume per metric ton of end product by a further two percentage points in
comparison with the 2015 reference year. As of the reporting date, tesa was on
target Group-wide.

Occupational health and safety

To avoid work-related accidents and health hazards, prevention and raising
awareness among staff are prioritized. The strategic aim is to reduce the num-
ber of accidents to zero.

Health and safety management is focused on production sites as these have a
higher risk of accidents and health impairments than office locations. tesa em-
ploys its own safety specialists at all ISO 14001-certified sites. They are familiar
both with tesa’s global health and occupational safety guidelines as well as with
legal requirements and conditions.


--- Page 14 ---

iB

Combined Management Report
Sustainability | People at Beiersdorf

The frequency of accidents >3 days at tesa in 2019 was 1.6 per million hours
worked globally. This was well below the German industry average of 11.7
(BG RCI).

Corporate citizenship

tesa wants to look beyond its core business in making a positive contribution
to society. As part of the tesa corporate citizenship strategy, the focus is on
three strategic core areas: social commitment, supporting education, and
environmental protection. On a project level, these are divided into the four
pillars “tesa helps” and “tesa donates” (social), “tesa supports” (education),
and “tesa protects” (environment).

tesa supported a host of diverse projects around the world once again in 2019:

The “tesa helps” initiative provides practical assistance to communities and
supports social organizations at tesa locations around the world. In addition
to donations, employees are involved with various projects run by social and
charitable organizations.

Staff in Belgium work with the D’Broej organization, an umbrella of eight
youth centers in Brussels, offering disadvantaged children and young people
help with homework, time and space for their individual development, as
well as sports and other free-time activities.

“tesa donates” supports the work of a number of institutions with donations
in kind and financial contributions. For example, staff can donate a small
amount from their monthly salaries and tesa then doubles this contribution.
In 2019, we provided more than €8,500 of funding to Kleine Riesen Norder-
stedt e.V.

As a technology-based company, tesa is very aware of the fundamental im-
portance of education and qualified young people. That is why the company
cooperates with the “Initiative fiir Naturwissenschaft und Technik” (Science
and Technology Initiative) under “tesa supports.” In 2019, tesa once again
offered students from various Hamburg secondary schools insights into the
everyday working life of scientists in the form of three STEM project days.

The tesa plant in Suzhou (China) has been involved in the “tesa Sunshine
Education Assistance” program for over ten years. This aims to improve
the elementary school education of the children of migrant workers. A
total of about 710 children have already received the annual tesa Sunshine
Scholarship.

More detailed information is available in the annual Sustainability Report at
www.tesa.com/responsibility.

* This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.

People at Beiersdorf*

Our employees make us what we are as a company. Our strong business
achievements reflect the high qualification and engagement level by our
people. Systematic, long-term people investment is firmly embedded in our
Core Values, our C.A.R.E.+ strategy, and our HR Roadmap.

As of December 31, 2019, we employed 20,654 people worldwide, an in-
crease of 3% compared with the previous year (20,059). The acquisition of
COPPERTONE, effective August 30, 2019, was a key reason behind the increase
in headcount. Germany continues to have the highest number of employees
at 6,682 (previous year: 6,676), a share of 32%. A total of 15,728 people
worked in the Consumer Business Segment (previous year: 15,142) and 4,926
at tesa (previous year: 4,917).

GROUP EMPLOYEES
as of Dec. 31

| | |
2016 2017 2018 2019

@ Previous years @ Current year

GROUP EMPLOYEES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/
Asia/
Australia
26.4

\ europe
Americas / 56.8

16.8


--- Page 15 ---

36

T

Combined Management Report
People at Beiersdorf

Consumer

C.A.R.E.+ strengthens people investment

Inspirational HR work is the collective ambition of the Beiersdorf Executive
Board. For years, it has been one of its shared targets. Discussions around
people are on the agenda at every Beiersdorf Executive Board meeting. The
revision of the HR Roadmap in 2019 mirrored the development of the C.A.R.E.+
strategy as regards timeline and content, striking the right balance between
change and continuity. While focus fields like employee engagement and
management development continued, other big topics have been given addi-
tional attention and investments in 2019: learning organization, “New Work”
and the further deepening and expansion of the Group's diversity and inclu-
sion initiatives.

Progressive working conditions and diverse development opportunities are
what Beiersdorf always strives for. Still, working with our people and for our
people is not simply a year-round feel-good program. Timely adapting struc-
tures and processes to changes in business and consumer needs is an equally
important aspect of HR work, and part of Beiersdorf's ongoing HR Roadmap.
Convincing people of the necessity of change, well before they feel the effects
of a crisis, is one of the hardest management tasks. Especially in light of
Beiersdorf’s continuous business success, it is crucial that we keep change at
the top of our people agenda, with a series of sensible, value-adding, and
culture-shaping initiatives every year. While doing so, we put significant efforts
into internal communications and structured change management.

Corporate culture

They are the heart of our company: Beiersdorf’s Core Values. Our values are
authentically rooted in our history and firmly embedded in day-to-day oper-
ations across all our affiliates in the world.

Employee engagement is a decisive factor in the way we do business. From
2013 to 2018, we conducted an annual, Group-wide employee survey to iden-
tify where action was needed at team and organizational level. We decided not
to hold a global survey in 2019 as major changes were required to comply with
the new EU General Data Protection Regulation. We also used this break to
conceptually overhaul the survey design so as to be able to respond more
flexibly and faster to the pulse of the organization. We will conduct global
employee surveys again in 2020.

Dialogue on an equal footing with employees has become a “management rou-
tine” at Beiersdorf. This is evident in the willingness of managers to engage in
different forms of dialogues with the organization and in the diversity of our
internal communication channels and tools. They enable employees to talk
directly to the Executive Board and top management and include events at
global and local level such as town hall meetings, round tables, and fireplace
talks, as well as various online forums and chats. “Closeness” is a key concept
here: Employees are kept close to important events and decisions with timely
information - for example in townhall meetings with global live streams on the
day the quarterly figures are published.

Participation in decision-making and company success

We involve our employees in key decision-making processes and in the success
of our company. The large majority of employees worldwide share in our com-
mercial success through variable remuneration. The close involvement of em-
ployee representatives is also part of our corporate culture. At the end of 2019,
55% (previous year: 56%) of our organizations had a works council, a union or-
ganization, or another form of employee representation, despite this being a
legal requirement for only 44% (previous year: 45%) of our organizations.

Participation also means employees actively involving themselves in shaping
their work place. New office projects in any place in the world have always been
accompanied by employee sounding boards and a change management pro-
cess. The biggest project of this kind is in Hamburg, where we have been build-
ing a new campus since 2018. It is due to be completed in 2021/22, and will
hold up to 3,000 state-of-the-art workstations. Instead of top-down and one-
size-fits-all, we have established a comprehensive change initiative with active
participation by employees from all major functions and divisions. A completely
new workplace strategy was developed together with cross-functional teams
in 2019. It was also supported by our works councils. Employees also had the
opportunity to express their opinions and proposals through various surveys
with regard to future services.

New world of work, new ways of working

Digitalization, technological change, and the volatility of global markets call
for one thing above all else from our employees and our business as a whole:
the constant willingness to learn and adapt. We have adjusted to this necessi-
ty. We are helping our employees to develop the necessary awareness of this
change and encourage them to integrate new working methods and learning
techniques into their day-to-day work and to take an even more connected
and digital approach than ever before. We are thereby creating the basis today
for our success tomorrow.

Three years ago, Beiersdorf announced its “agile working” concept. This gave
rise to numerous learning initiatives that are now a fixed part of our approach
to knowledge and training. (More details in the section on “Learning culture.”)

Against this backdrop, Beiersdorf is making a big cultural shift toward innova-
tive working arrangements. These involve fruitful cooperation between man-
agement and employees, with the latter passing on the new ideas to their
colleagues. One employee initiative in the reporting year, for example, has
introduced the “working out loud” (WOL) method globally throughout the
company. Employees use WOL circles to make their own work and knowledge
visible to others, so that everyone can benefit from it. This and other compa-
ny and employee initiatives involving “New Work” (the new way of working
in the digital age) were seized upon by a cross-functional project team that or-
ganized the first “NEW WORK FESTIVAL” at Beiersdorf’s Group headquarters
in November 2019. The topics were collaboration, creativity and innovation,
digital transformation, technology, leadership, learning, intra- and entrepreneur-
ship, the purpose of work, diversity, and sustainability.


--- Page 16 ---

37

T

Combined Management Report
People at Beiersdorf

New Work is not only creating a suitable workspace and using technology.
Beiersdorf is also committed to the health and physical and mental well-being
of its employees. The company’s own health management has been enhanced
from year to year to better meet the needs of employees in a fast-changing
world of work. Our “GOOD FOR ME” program seeks to maintain the health and
performance of our employees on a long-term and sustainable basis as well as
encourage them to take the initiative in staying healthy. Approximately 97% of
our organizations worldwide offer health promotion measures (previous year:
92%). Since 2014, we have been offering skin screenings at our Group head-
quarters as a special service for employees.

PART-TIME EMPLOYEES BY REGION (IN %)

2018 2019
Europe 11 12
Americas 1 i)
Africa/Asia/Australia 2 1

7 7

Diversity and Inclusion

We cherish diversity and inclusion not because we hope it helps our business.
It is great if it does. As a company, however, we simply believe in diversity and
inclusion, in their positivity and creative power.

Diversity and Inclusion is a global management process at Beiersdorf and a firm-
ly established part in the Executive Board's agenda. Measures to promote equal
opportunities and diversity at Beiersdorf are designed and implemented by a
cross-functional Diversity team, whose members all act as volunteers in addi-
tion to their regular work. Since its launch, this team has grown into a global
network with many ambassadors in the affiliates. In addition, the Diversity
Committee of the Supervisory Board also regularly reviews and support
various key initiatives.

As a globally operating company, we have a highly international workforce.
Employees from 108 countries worked at Beiersdorf as of the end of the re-
porting year (previous year: 100). At the Hamburg headquarters, the proportion
of international employees was 17.4% (previous year: 17.1%). Of our managers
in the top three management groups, 40% have lived and worked outside of
their home countries for at least three years (previous year: 39%).

Alongside international and cultural diversity, gender - especially equal career
opportunities for women and men - has been another focus area for years. To
make it even more effective, in 2019 we further expanded our “enCOURAGE”
initiative as a framework for all our gender diversity activities. Its measures
take into account the different needs employees have at different stages of
their professional life. Existing activities under this initiative include:

“move forward!” - a mentoring program for talented women who want to
begin or develop a management career.

“Peer Coaching Circles” - an extra program of “move forward!” with the aim
of learning and growing together.

“Women in Leadership” - a network now reaching across hierarchy levels,
which organized the third “Women in Leadership Convention” in 2019. The
convention is more than just an annual networking event: Female role models
and their real-life stories inspire a much larger target group to take on or
further develop their leadership roles while at the same time supporting the
career of their female colleagues.

We offer progressive HR policies and a diverse range of flexible-working options
to women and men. Some 67% of our organizations (previous year: 58%) of-
fer their employees flex time, 67% (previous year: 65%) offer mobile working
or the opportunity to work from home, 50% (previous year: 48%) part-time
working, and 28% (previous year: 21%) the opportunity to take sabbaticals.
With its 108 places and 29 teachers, our company daycare facility in Hamburg
is one of the largest of its kind in Germany.

Alongside standard part-time working, job sharing (where two employees share
a position in a “job tandem”) has long been part of our HR practice, also at
management level. At the end of the fiscal year, there were 22 job-sharing
tandems at Beiersdorf in Germany. Thirteen tandems performed management
roles on a part-time basis.

Since the introduction of the German law on the equal participation of women
and men in leadership positions, Beiersdorf AG has been legally required to set
targets for the proportion of women on the Executive Board and at the first
two management levels, as well as deadlines for achieving them. The law requires
that the Supervisory Board of Beiersdorf AG be comprised of at least 30%
women and 30% men. With a current figure of 42% female Supervisory Board
members (five of the twelve Supervisory Board members are women), this
target has been well exceeded.

The current targets and deadlines for the proportion of women on the Executive
Board and at the top two management levels are as follows:

Executive Board: At least 10% women by June 30, 2022 (figure as of the end
of December 2019: 13%, previous year: 14%)

First management level: At least 35% women by June 30, 2022 (figure as of
the end of December 2019: 31%, previous year: 24%)

Second management level: At least 50% women by June 30, 2022 (figure as
of the end of December 2019: 48%, previous year: 48%)

In 2018, Beiersdorf set a global target for the proportion of female leaders in the
three top management groups (MG 1-3). This was in addition to the statutory


--- Page 17 ---

38

T

Combined Management Report
People at Beiersdorf

targets applicable to Beiersdorf AG. By June 30, 2022, a target of 35% women
is to be achieved in MG 1-3. At the end of the financial year 2019, the proportion
of women was 30.2% (previous year: 30.4%). With these clear targets, which
go beyond the legal requirements, Beiersdorf is underlining its ambition to be
one of Germany's leading companies for diversity and inclusion.

—_—_—_—_—_—_——_—_—_—_—_—_—_—_—_—_—_—______
GENDER DISTRIBUTION BY REGION

Notwithstanding our extensive activities in supporting diversity and inclusion,
we keep a modest stance on what we do and have a realistic view about its
limitations. We know that many of the challenges we face are deeply rooted
in the respective societies. Wherever possible, however, we are committed to
providing the right environment and targeted support so that our employees
can better overcome the many barriers that still exist.

——Z2
AGE STRUCTURE IN THE CONSUMER BUSINESS SEGMENT GERMANY
(IN %)

ay Ses es me aa
Germany 51 49 4143 > 60 years 4 5
Europe (excl. Germany) 39 61 4,098 51-60 years 25 25
North America 42 58 818 41-50 years 22 22
Latin America 45 55 2,182 31-40 years 27 29
Africa/Asia/Australia 50 50 4,487 21-30 years 19 v7
Worldwide 46 54 15,728 < 20 years 2 2

Equal pay for women and men for equal work or work of equal value has been
part of Beiersdorf’s HR policy since even before the German state legislation
on pay transparency came into effect. Equal pay at Beiersdorf AG is ensured
through collective agreements as well as internal processes to evaluate posi-
tions not subject to collective pay agreements. Outside collective agreements,
allocation to the relevant non-tariff salary bands is job-based, and thus
gender-neutral in line with the Transparency in Wage Structures Act (Ent-
gelttransparenzgesetz). Gender-specific deviations in target annual salaries
for employees not covered by collective agreements are close to zero.

Working with different generations is another important aspect of diversity
and inclusion. In the Consumer Business Segment in Germany, the proportion
of employees aged over 50 is 30%. At the same time, 16% of employees are
younger than 30 (previous year: 17%).The average age among employees as
of December 31, 2019, was 42 years (previous year: 42 years). A good mix of
ages helps us take advantage of the strengths of different generations and
avoid spikes in retirement. To support our employees over 50, Beiersdorf AG
offers internal training courses customized to the needs of this target group.

In addition, the “New Generation 50+” network, launched as an employee in-
itiative in 2019, is working to question the assumption that “age” is a career
obstacle and to show how career ambition can be realized regardless of age.

Our employees set up an LGBTIQ+ initiative in 2019. “Be You @Beiersdorf” aims
to create a more visible community for the many LGBTIQ+ colleagues in the
company. It involves building up a network through internal and external events,
improving general understanding of LGBTIQ+ issues in the workplace, and chal-
lenging any subconscious prejudices and stereotypes. “Be You @Beiersdorf”
is also part of the external network “PROUT AT WORK” and plans further
integration with existing platforms and interest groups outside Beiersdorf.

People with disabilities: We are committed to equal treatment and equal op-
portunities - against every form of discrimination. Beiersdorf also places orders
with sheltered workshops. Beiersdorf’s green spaces in Hamburg, for example,
are looked after by Elbe-Werkstatten, Germany's largest sheltered workshop of
its kind.

People and the digital transformation

The global introduction of Office 365 during the reporting year, which was
accompanied by extensive training sessions, was more than just a system
upgrade. Office 365 enables our experts and teams worldwide to better
collaborate and communicate, thus also helping all employees steadily improve
their digital competencies.

An example of a grass roots initiative supported by the new Office 365 envi-
ronment is the “QualityOnShelf” app, which was developed in-house in just
three months. An intuitive user interface allows not only the responsible quality
managers but all Beiersdorf employees worldwide to photograph damaged
goods and capture the bar code, GPS location, and store branch. We now receive
up-to-the-minute relevant information and can respond in real time - a big win
for quality management and just one of many examples of “making digital
work for you.”

The worldwide roll-out of the COMPASS global HR management system also
drove our digital transformation in the reporting year. The platform pools all
personal data in order to reinforce dialogue and cooperation between em-
ployees, managers, and HR, and thereby creates the technological framework
for innovative HR work. COMPASS supports self-initiative and lifelong learning.
It focuses on each individual employee and their profile. Employees decide for
themselves which data to provide and which development steps and career
interests they want to highlight.

Learning culture

We systematically invest in the professional development of our employees
and support their talents in an individualized and lasting way. With our “Learn-
ing@Beiersdorf” concept that we presented in the reporting year, we laid the
groundwork for the next-level “learning organization.” The concept is based
on three components: building a global learning infrastructure steered by a
learning management system and enriched by tools with which employees can
create their own learning content; ensuring targeted learning, meaning
high-quality learning content for specific groups; and finally, making learning
a natural part of our everyday work.


--- Page 18 ---

39
T
Combined Management Report
People at Beiersdorf

Learning organization*

We invest systematically in the professional development of our
employees and promote their talents individually and sustainably. In
2019, we created the online learning platform “COMPASS Learning”

as a global foundation for learning content.

EXTENSIVE
E-LEARNING OFFERING

We have
IN USE WORLDWIDE

COMPASS Learning is 250

already in use in nearly all of e-learning courses on offer,
our more than and the number will increase.

170

affiliates.

ooo
ooo
ooo

CROSS-FUNCTIONAL

LEARNING
9
TRAINING SESSIONS >30 %
COMPLETED of the courses offered are used

across functions.
Around the world, nearly 4,700

Beiersdorf employees completed

~13,500

training sessions via COMPASS.

* This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.


--- Page 19 ---

40

T

Combined Management Report
People at Beiersdorf

The “COMPASS Learning” online platform created in 2019 is the global basis
for learning content and is used in almost all of our more than 170 affiliates.
Globally, almost 4,700 Beiersdorf employees completed approximately 13,500
training sessions using COMPASS during the reporting year. We currently also
have 250 e-learning offerings, and the numbers will further increase. What is
equally encouraging: Many of our employees have shown strong interest in
learning content outside their own field of expertise. Over 30% of courses are
being used cross-functionally. Of the approximately 560 participants in the 15
R&D-related e-learning programs, for example, 150 worked on other fields.

In Germany, Beiersdorf also runs an extensive, free-of-charge training program
for all employees outside their working time. In the reporting year, over 242
employees took part in 27 courses on personal skills, methods and techniques,
and professional competencies.

Management development
We are all managers, starting with managing ourselves, then projects, or our
teams. Thus, development is always a joint responsibility at Beiersdorf.

We aim to fill the majority of management positions with talented people from
within our own ranks. To make this possible, we systematically prepare our em-
ployees for their new roles. In 2019, 100% of positions at the first management
level (previous year: 75%, Roadmap 2020 target: 75%) and 83% at the second
management level (previous year: 80%, Roadmap 2020 target: 90%) were
awarded to internal candidates.

Beiersdorf uses a multitude of different methods in identifying new talents and
supporting their long-term development. The quality of this long-term work
was recognized by trendence, which awarded Beiersdorf AG the top ranking
as the most attractive employer for young professionals in the German FMCG
sector.

tesa

The training and commitment of its staff make a major contribution to tesa’s
business success, quality, and sustainability. Being an attractive employer is
therefore a vital prerequisite for the company’s ongoing positive performance.
As one of the world’s technology leaders in the field of technical adhesive tapes
and adhesive system solutions, tesa relies on the recruitment and long-term
retention of highly qualified staff.

Personnel development
In 2019, tesa once again invested in advanced training and further attractive
development opportunities for its staff.

2019 marked the launch of the new career path model “X perience” at all loca-
tions across the globe. The model’s aim is to create a common awareness of
worthwhile development and career pathways for employees across the entire
company and to motivate them to consider not only international or function-
al but also cross-functional job rotation opportunities in their individual career
planning. As one of the first initiatives, tesa promoted this concept through an
X-Change Day, where various departments showcased their job opportunities
to interested staff members.

Leadership culture

Managers’ ability to offer employees a motivating work environment and en-
courage them to express their talents is key to tesa’s business success and its
attractiveness as an employer. In 2019, tesa therefore further expanded and
broadened the international scope of the leadership program. The Essential
Leadership Training is aimed at new managers at tesa and is now offered across
the globe. The aim is to give all managers worldwide the same understanding
of leadership. The Advanced Leadership Training is available for managers who
have held management responsibility for a longer period of time. It gives
managers the opportunity to tackle particularly difficult leadership challenges
and develop new solutions under the guidance of a trainer. In 2019, tesa also
began to design a new Management Development Program (MDP) that helps
leaders and managers to further develop their competencies.

Knowledge transfer

tesa is making increasing use of e-learning formats for knowledge transfer.
These learning methods open up opportunities for employees to acquire new
knowledge anytime and anywhere, thus promoting the general trend toward
more flexibility in the workplace. Current offerings include e-learning on top-
ics such as compliance, occupational safety, research and development, and
the tesa Supply Network. Following the successful test in four regions in 2019,
employees will soon be able to access all professional development offerings
at tesa at any time via a digital learning hub.

Attractive working environment

Alongside leadership, development opportunities, and performance-related
pay, factors such as occupational health and safety are increasingly influencing
employee retention and the company’s attractiveness as an employer. In terms
of occupational health and safety, tesa places emphasis on prevention. Invest-
ments in technical and occupational health and safety measures as well as reg-
ular training, along with a global campaign to raise awareness, meant that the
rate of work-related accidents was again considerably below the industry
average in 2019. The corporate health management scheme “It's for you” and the
“tesa sport club” took a new approach in 2019 with a wide range of courses.
From health check-ups to back-strengthening training programs and physio-
therapy, employees can take advantage of a broad interdisciplinary offering.


--- Page 20 ---

Combined Management Report
Economic Environment

Economic Report

Economic Environment

General Economic Situation

As expected, the pace of growth in the global economy weakened further over
the course of 2019. This left the annual growth rate slightly down on the previ-
ous year’s level. An economic slowdown was seen both in most industrialized
nations and in the emerging markets. Despite easing for a time, the various
international trade disputes, especially between the United States and China,
were a major brake on growth. Considerably weaker growth rates in the euro-
zone and parts of Asia were another key factor. The general political and eco-
nomic uncertainty surrounding geopolitical conflicts, the unknown long-term
consequences of the United Kingdom leaving the European Union (Brexit), and
the future political direction of the United States continued to hit economic
performance.

Economic growth in Europe lost momentum in 2019, and the recovery in the
eurozone weakened significantly. Positive domestic demand, boosted by the
positive trend in the labor market and continued low interest rates, once again
helped to underpin growth. Weak global demand coupled with falls in indus-
trial output put a major damper on the year-on-year performance of Europe’s
export-dependent economy. In addition to global trade disputes, the political
uncertainty due to the proliferation of anti-European movements and the on-
going exit negotiations with the United Kingdom weighed on European growth.

GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT (IN %)*
Change versus previous year

A
I

United States

Eurozone

Germany

Japan

@ Previous year @ Current year

* Source: Commerzbank Research.

The German economy saw an unexpectedly sharp loss of momentum compared
to the previous year. Persistent declines in new orders for German industry
from the beginning of the year were the main driver behind this trend. Robust
growth in the service sector and in consumer spending bolstered by the con-
tinued positive situation on the labor market and rising wages, painted a
somewhat brighter picture of Germany's economy.

In the United States, growth momentum in 2019 slowed somewhat compared to
the previous year. Falling investment, mainly as a result of greater uncertainty
due to the trade dispute with China, played a major part in this, as did lower
exports. Meanwhile, the health of the labor market and consumer spending
shored up the economy.

In Japan, economic growth was slightly up on the previous year and continued
to be underpinned by companies’ willingness to invest. Weakening domestic
demand following a VAT increase acted as a brake, along with lower exports
to China.

In the emerging markets, the dominant picture in 2019 was one of slowing eco-
nomic growth. In China, the growth rate was slightly down on the previous
year’s level. Momentum was underpinned especially by government infra-
structure programs and state-directed lending. However, this was unable to
offset declines in production, particularly in the automotive sector, and weaker
construction activity. After strong growth in the previous year, the pace of eco-
nomic expansion slowed markedly in India due to weak domestic demand and

INFLATION RATE (IN %)*
Change versus previous year

[1s

3

Germany

as

Japan

United States

“Eurozone

©@ Previous year @ Current year


--- Page 21 ---

Combined Management Report
Economic Environment

falling investments. General political uncertainty continued to weigh on eco-
nomic performance in the Middle East. The picture in the Southeast Asian
emerging markets was mixed despite the positive developments in Malaysia,
the Philippines, and Indonesia. This was especially due to a slowdown in
Thailand and weaker export demand. After a slight economic recovery in the
previous year, economic growth in Brazil was down year-on-year. The global
economic slowdown, adverse weather, the recession in Argentina, and falter-
ing structural reforms had a negative impact on Brazil’s economic growth. In
Russia, growth in 2019 was muted compared to the previous year. This was
especially due to subdued consumer spending following a VAT rise at the be-
ginning of the year. The high investment growth rates seen in earlier years also
fell sharply over the course of 2019. Ongoing international sanctions continued
to put a heavy strain on the Russian economy.

Sales Market Trends

After a moderate increase in the first half of 2019, the growth rate for the full
year in the cosmetics market - the market relevant for Beiersdorf - fell slightly
short of that seen in 2018. Growth momentum came especially from South
America, the Middle East, and Asia. Market growth was positive in North
America and Japan, too, albeit at a low level. The European market recorded
a slight slowdown.

For the tesa Business Segment, 2019 was marked by a decline in the auto-
motive sector. Production declined worldwide. Germany and China were hit
particularly hard, while Eastern Europe acted as a growth driver. Consumer
electronics, especially wearables (fitness bracelets and smartwatches) and
hearables (in-ear headphones) experienced extremely dynamic growth. The
smartphone and tablet market registered a slight expansion. The packaging
and construction industry also performed largely positively.

Procurement Market Trends

The situation on the commodity markets was generally steady. The very tight
situation seen in 2018, which was marked by numerous supply bottlenecks
resulting from force majeure combined with capacity shortages in the market
for primary materials, eased significantly in the course of 2019. The average oil
price for the full year was slightly lower than in 2018. By taking a range of
measures and becoming more cost-aware - with regard to the existing range
and especially in the development of our innovations - we were able to curb
increases in the cost of our raw materials and packaging.

CONSUMER SPENDING (IN %)*
Change versus previous year

3.0

Germany Eurozone United States

@ Previous year @ Current year

* Source: Commerzbank Research.

Overall Assessment of the Economic Environment

Macroeconomic growth in 2019 was positive despite significant (geo)political
and structural risks, but fell slightly short of the level seen in the previous year.
The performance of the global cosmetics market weakened slightly in the
course of the year. Despite the favorable situation in many emerging-market
countries, there were particular challenges in numerous regions and markets,
especially in Europe. Notwithstanding this challenging environment, the Con-
sumer Business Segment increased its sales and outperformed the market
as a whole.

In the automotive sector, which is important to tesa, the economic environment
was considerably more subdued in 2019 than in the previous year. Despite
difficult market conditions, tesa achieved sound sales growth. In the Direct
Industries division, sales were up substantially in consumer electronics. In the
Trade Markets division, online business with end consumers (Consumer) and
sales of painter tapes for tradespeople (Craftsmen) performed particularly well.


--- Page 22 ---

43

T

Combined Management Report
Results of Operations

Results of Operations

Results of Operations - Group

INCOME STATEMENT (IN € MILLION)

2018 2019 Change in %*
Sales 7,233 7,653 5.8
Cost of goods sold -3,075 -3,221 48
Gross profit 4,158 4,432 6.6
Marketing and selling expenses -2,484 ~2,666 73
Research and development expenses -211 -236 12.2
General and administrative expenses -404 -416 3.0
Other operating result (excluding special factors) 54 -19 -
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) 1,113 1,095 71.6
Special factors -16 -63 -
Operating result (EBIT) 1,097 1,032 6.0
Financial result -49 5 -
Profit before tax 1,048 1,037 -11
Income taxes -303 -301 -1.0
Profit after tax 745 736 -12

* Percentage changes are calculated based on thousands of euros.

Sales

Organic Group sales in 2019 were up 4.1% on the previous year. The Consumer
Business Segment grew by 4.8%. tesa achieved a 0.8% rise in sales. In nominal
terms, Group sales rose by 5.8% as against the prior year to €7,653 million (pre-
vious year: €7,233 million).

In Europe, organic sales were up 1.8% on the previous year. In nominal terms,
sales stood at €3,757 million (previous year: €3,673 million), 2.3% higher than
the prior-year figure.

Organic growth in the Americas amounted to 4.1%. In nominal terms, sales rose
by 8.3% to €1,372 million (previous year: €1,267 million).

The Africa/Asia/Australia region reported organic growth of 7.8%. In nominal
terms, growth of 10.1% to €2,524 million was recorded (previous year: €2,293
million).

Expenses/Other operating result

The cost of goods sold climbed by 4.8%, which was slower than the increase
in sales. Exchange rate effects and persistent price pressure on procurement
markets were more than offset by the positive mix effect, price adjustments in
sales markets, and efficiency gains in production, logistics, and purchasing. This
resulted in an overall positive effect on gross profit.

Marketing and selling expenses increased by 7.3% - a faster rate than sales -
and amounted to €2,666 million (previous year: €2,484 million). This trend was
predominantly attributable to the increased investments approved as part of
the new C.A.R.E.+ business strategy. The marketing budget was adjusted to
the changed market conditions and especially the change in consumers’ media
use. A total of €1,638 million (previous year: €1,532 million) was spent on
advertising and trade marketing. We further consolidated our market position
by investing in marketing and sales in a number of countries, especially in
emerging markets.

Research and development expenditure rose considerably as part of the
C.A.R.E.+ investments and totaled €236 million (previous year: €211 million). This
strengthens Beiersdorf’s ability to adapt to the current and future requirements
of consumers and customers by developing innovative products. General and
administrative expenses rose more slowly than sales from €404 million in the
previous year to €416 million in 2019. They included the effects of regionaliza-
tion through the foundation of new subsidiaries and expenditure on updating
and securing our information systems. Other operating result (excluding special
factors) declined to €-19 million (previous year: €54 million). This was mainly
due to lower proceeds from the sale of fixed assets, higher restructuring expenses,
exchange losses, and lower reversals of provisions.



--- Page 23 ---

Combined Management Report
Results of Operations

Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors)

The Beiersdorf Group's results of operations are determined on the basis of
the operating result (EBIT) excluding special factors. This figure is not part of
IFRSs and should be treated merely as voluntary additional information. The
special factors listed are one-time, non-operating transactions.

EBIT excluding special factors amounted to €1,095 million (previous year: €1,113
million), while the EBIT margin was 14.3% (previous year: 15.4%). The Consumer
Business Segment generated EBIT excluding special factors of €883 million
(previous year: €903 million), the EBIT margin reached 14.1% (previous year:
15.3%). EBIT at tesa excluding special factors was €212 million (previous year:
€210 million), the EBIT margin was 15.3% (previous year: 15.7%).

The Group operating result before special factors in Europe was €591 million

(previous year: €637 million). The EBIT margin was 15.7% (previous year: 17.3%).
The operating result before special factors in the Americas amounted to €125 mil-

GROUP SALES (IN € MILLION)

7,056 7,233

I I

2016 2017 2018 2019

@ Previous years @ Current year

GROUP EBIT (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

1,088 14,113

T T

1,015

2016 2017 2018 2019

@ Previous years @ Current year

lion (previous year: €132 million). The EBIT margin was 9.1% (previous year:
10.4%). In Africa/Asia/Australia, EBIT excluding special factors amounted to
€379 million (previous year: €344 million). The EBIT margin was 15.0% (previous
year: 15.0%).

Special factors

The special factors recognized in the Consumer Business Segment consisted
of one-time expenditure of €25 million associated with the acquisition and
integration of the COPPERTONE brand and expenses of €19 million arising in
connection with the sale of the SLEK brand and the cessation of the associated
business. The special effects in the tesa Business Segment in the amount of
€19 million mainly comprise expenses for the announced cost saving program.
In 2018, special factors in the amount of €16 million were recognized for the
impairment of the Chinese hair care brand SLEK.

GROUP SALES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/
Asia/
Australia

33.0 \,

\ Europe
Americas / 491

17.9

GROUP PROFIT AFTER TAX (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

2016 2017 2018 2019

@ Previous years @ Current year


--- Page 24 ---

45

T

Combined Management Report
Results of Operations

Operating result (EBIT)
The operating result (EBIT) amounted to €1,032 million (previous year: €1,097 mil-
lion). This corresponds to an EBIT margin of 13.5% (previous year: 15.2%).

Financial result

The financial result amounted to €5 million (previous year: €-49 million). In the
previous year, the result had been affected by one-time losses in the value of
financial assets and high negative exchange rate effects.

Income taxes
Income taxes amounted to €301 million (previous year: €303 million). The tax

rate was 29.0% (previous year: 28.9%). The taxes for the special factors amount
to €11 million.

Results of Operations - Business Segments

Consumer

Profit after tax

Profit after tax was €736 million (previous year: €745 million), the return on
sales after tax was 9.6% (previous year: 10.3%). Excluding special factors, prof-
it after tax amounted to €788 million (previous year: €756 million). The corre-
sponding return on sales after tax was 10.3% (previous year: 10.5%).

Earnings per share - Dividends

Earnings per share were €3.17 (previous year: €3.21). Excluding special factors,
earnings per share amounted to €3.40 (previous year: €3.26). These figures
were calculated on the basis of the weighted number of shares bearing dividend
rights (226,818,984). The Executive Board and Supervisory Board will propose
a dividend of €0.70 per no-par-value share bearing dividend rights to the
Annual General Meeting (previous year: €0.70). For further information on
the number, type, and notional value of the shares, please refer to Note 17
“Share Capital” in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

SALES - CONSUMER BUSINESS SEGMENT (IN € MILLION)

Jan. 1 ~ Dec. 31, 2018

Change (in %)

Jan. 1 ~ Dec. 31, 2019 nominal organic

Europe 2,941 3,027 2.9 23
Western Europe 2,354 2,418 27 2.2
Eastern Europe 587 609 3.8 3.0

Americas 1,051 1,145 8.9 5.3
North America 441 497 12.4 3.8
Latin America 610 648 6.3 6.4

Africa/Asia/Australia 1,898 2,102 10.8 8.4

Total 5,890 6,274 6.5 48

Sales in the Consumer Business Segment achieved organic volume- and
price-driven growth of 4.8% in 2019. Exchange rate effects added 1.7 percentage
points to the growth rate, while the positive structural effects from the acqui-
sition of COPPERTONE offset the sale of the Chinese hair care brand SLEK. In
nominal terms, sales therefore rose by 6.5% to €6,274 million (previous year:
€5,890 million).

While the situation improved considerably in most emerging markets, the
sales development in the European markets showed a mixed picture. In non-
European markets we gained market share and, in some cases, double-digit
sales growth rates. NIVEA and the Healthcare business unit, which includes
the HANSAPLAST and ELASTOPLAST brands, once again achieved healthy
growth rates overall. The Derma business unit, which includes the EUCERIN
and AQUAPHOR brands, and LA PRAIRIE, which continues to go from strength
to strength, both contributed to the excellent performance of the business
segment with growth rates that were well above average in some cases.

EBIT excluding special factors stood at €883 million (previous year: €903 mil-
lion). The EBIT margin excluding special factors fell to 14.1% (previous year:
15.3%) as a result of the investment initiative announced in the previous year
as part of the C.A.R.E.+ strategy. The acquisition of the COPPERTONE brand,
the integration of COPPERTONE’s business into the Beiersdorf Group, and the
reorganization of the Chinese business in connection with the sale of the SLEK
brand resulted in non-recurring expenses of €44 million. The operating result
for the Consumer Business Segment including special factors therefore stood
at €839 million (previous year: €887 million), while the EBIT margin was 13.4%
(previous year: 15.1%).

NIVEA grew organically by 3.0% globally in 2019. The key growth drivers were
NIVEA Deo, NIVEA Body, and NIVEA Face. The NIVEA Deep range for men, intro-
duced in the previous year and expanded during 2019, was a significant growth
driver for NIVEA Deo, as were successful product innovations in the NIVEA Dry
and NIVEA Black & White ranges. Alongside its strong core business, NIVEA


--- Page 25 ---

Combined Management Report
Results of Operations

CONSUMER SALES (IN € MILLION)

[ 5,799 [ 5,890
I T
2016 2017 2018 2019

@ Previous years @ Current year

Body continued to build on the success of the NIVEA Body Pleasure range. In the
NIVEA Face category, successful face care innovations such as NIVEA Cellular
Elasticity, and the expansion of the NIVEA MicellAIR® Skin Expert face cleansing
range launched in 2018, made significant growth contributions.

Overall, NIVEA slightly improved its strong position despite various challenges
in the markets. In the NIVEA Body category, we extended our market share
particularly in Asia and Latin America. In the NIVEA Deo category, market share
gains were achieved in Germany, Thailand, and South Africa. NIVEA Face
showed a strong performance in Germany, Italy, and Brazil. At country level,
NIVEA achieved especially positive growth in market share in Germany, Thailand,
Brazil, and South Africa. A decline in market share was seen particularly in the
United Kingdom, China, and Russia.

The Derma business unit increased sales by 7.5%. Business developed very pos-
itively especially in the United States, Germany, Asia, and South America. A pos-
itive growth contribution came, in particular, from the EUCERIN Face category,
driven by the launch of EUCERIN Anti-Pigment, and from the AQUAPHOR brand.

Sales in Healthcare were up 3.1% on the previous year’s level. Business devel-
oped very positively especially in Germany and Australia. The core business
wound care and the pain relief segment made a particular growth contribu-
tion. In both segments, innovations were a major factor behind this growth.

In the selective cosmetics segment, our LA PRAIRIE brand again achieved
strong organic sales growth of 20.0% after an outstanding performance in the
previous year. The Asian travel retail business (airports and duty-free shops in
downtown locations) along with China and Australia delivered a significant
contribution to growth, while sales in Hong Kong fell due to sustained political
protests. Sales in Europe (without travel retail business) fell short of the previ-
ous year’s level. This was a short-term effect due to a more selective distribution
strategy. As in the previous year, the Skin Caviar Collection (particularly Skin
Caviar Liquid Lift) and Platinum Rare Collection achieved especially strong

CONSUMER EBIT (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

829 881 883
T |
2016 2017 2018 2019

©@ Previous years @ Current year

growth with their core ranges. The newly introduced Platinum Rare Cellular
Life Lotion and Skin Caviar Premier Eyelift were among the sales drivers.

In the Europe region, sales were up 2.3% year-on-year in organic terms. In nom-
inal terms, sales rose by 2.9% to €3,027 million (previous year: €2,941 million).

In Western Europe, sales climbed by 2.2% compared to the previous year.
Healthy growth rates were achieved especially in Germany. Sales in France, the
United Kingdom, and Spain, meanwhile, fell short of the previous year. NIVEA
Face Care and the wound care and pain relief categories of the Healthcare busi-
ness unit performed especially positively. The Derma business unit also showed
encouraging growth. Sales growth was significantly influenced by the very
good performance of the LA PRAIRIE brand's travel retail business as well.

Sales in Eastern Europe were up 3.0% on the previous year. This was mainly
driven by double-digit growth in Ukraine and Kazakhstan as well as by the
positive performance in Poland and Russia. NIVEA Deo, NIVEA Face, NIVEA
Shower, and NIVEA Sun performed especially well. EUCERIN also saw strong
growth in the region.

Organic sales in the Americas region rose by 5.3%. At €1,145 million, nominal
sales were up by 8.9% on the previous year’s figure (€1,051 million).

Sales in North America climbed by 3.8% year-on-year. NIVEA Body and LA
PRAIRIE were especially successful. AQUAPHOR recorded double-digit growth.
The sun care brand COPPERTONE, acquired at the end of August 2019, is not
included in the organic growth rate. For seasonal reasons, it saw only a low
sales volume.


--- Page 26 ---

Combined Management Report
Results of Operations

In Latin America, there was a positive sales trend with growth of 6.4%. Ina
difficult market environment, sales in Argentina fell substantially short of the
prior-year figure. This was also partly due to negative exchange rate effects.
Brazil, Mexico, and Central America posted very strong, double-digit growth rates.
NIVEA Deo, NIVEA Body, NIVEA Universal Creams, and NIVEA Face Cleansing
all performed especially well. EUCERIN also achieved strong sales growth.

The Africa/Asia/Australia region achieved an organic sales increase of 8.4%.
In nominal terms, sales rose by 10.8% to €2,102 million (previous year:

CONSUMER SALES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/
Asia/
Australia
33.5

\ Europe

48.2

Americas we,

18.3

CONSUMER SALES IN
THE AMERICAS (IN € MILLION)

w O51
2016 2017 2018 2019

@ Previous years @ Current year

€1,898 million). This was based on double-digit growth in India, Turkey,
Malaysia, Vietnam, the Philippines, and parts of Africa, as well as very good
growth in Thailand, Japan, and Australia. In China, sales were below the pre-
vious year. This was mainly due to developments in the hair care category with
the sale of its SLEK brand in the second half of the year. NIVEA Deo, NIVEA
Body, NIVEA Universal Creams, NIVEA Face Cleansing, and NIVEA Shower per-
formed especially well. EUCERIN and LA PRAIRIE posted double-digit growth
rates. This was despite the ongoing conflicts in Hong Kong, which had a major
negative impact especially on the luxury cosmetics business.

CONSUMER SALES IN EUROPE (IN € MILLION)

2,801 2,861 | 2,941
2016 2017 2018 2019

@ Previous years @ Current year

CONSUMER SALES IN
AFRICA/ASIA/AUSTRALIA (IN € MILLION)

1,898

1,727

2016 2017 2018 2019

©@ Previous years @ Current year


--- Page 27 ---

Combined Management Report
Results of Operations

tesa

SALES - TESA BUSINESS SEGMENT (IN € MILLION)

Change (in %)

Jan. 1 - Dec. 31, 2018 Jan. 1 ~ Dec. 31, 2019 nominal organic
Europe 732 729 -0.3 -0.4
Americas 216 228 5.2 -2.1
Africa/Asia/Australia 395 422 6.8 47
Total 1,343 1,379 27 0.8

In 2019, tesa achieved a gain in organic sales of 0.8% in a difficult market en-
vironment. Sales by companies acquired in 2018 (+0.8 percentage points) and
exchange rate effects (+1.1 percentage points) added 1.9 percentage points. In
nominal terms, sales therefore rose by 2.7%, from €1,343 million in the previous
year to €1,379 million.

In Europe, organic sales fell by 0.4%. Business in the Trade Markets division
showed a positive trend, while sales fell in the Direct Industries division due to
weakness in the automotive market. In nominal terms, tesa generated Euro-
pean sales of €729 million (previous year: €732 million). The region's share of
Group sales declined to 52.9% (previous year: 54.5%).

In the Americas, tesa's organic sales fell by 2.1%. The Trade Markets division re-
corded slight growth in sales. Declining sales in the automotive market meant
that Direct Industries performed considerably weaker in 2019 than in the pre-
vious years. Sales in the region rose by 5.2% in nominal terms to €228 million
(previous year: €216 million). The region’s share of Group sales increased to
16.5% (previous year: 16.1%).

In Asia, tesa achieved organic sales growth of 4.7%, buoyed up by the project
business with products for the electronics industry. The weakness of the auto-
motive sector in 2019 was evident in this region, too. In nominal terms, sales in
the region were up 6.8%, from €395 million in the previous year to €422 mil-
lion. The region's share of Group sales increased to 30.6% (previous year: 29.4%).

tesa SALES (IN € MILLION)

2016 jo

©
2| OD
3

@ Previous years @ Current year

EBIT excluding special factors increased to €212 million (previous year: €210 mil-
lion). The EBIT margin excluding special factors was 15.3% (previous year:
15.7%). The special factors in the tesa business segment in the amount of
€19 million mainly include expenses for the announced cost-saving program.
This was a necessary step given the persistent deterioration in market con-
ditions in important core markets for tesa. The operating result including
special factors therefore stood at €193 million (previous year: €210 million),
while the EBIT margin was 13.9% (previous year: 15.7%).

Direct Industries

Sales in tesa’s Direct Industries division fell by 0.3% in organic terms. Sales
stagnated in Europe, while a drop in sales was recorded in the Americas. tesa
achieved growth in Asia, including through increased sales in project business
with the electronics industry. In nominal terms, sales rose by 2.5% to €818 mil-
lion (previous year: €798 million). The share of Direct Industries in total sales
was 59.3% (previous year: 59.5%).

In consumer electronics, tesa recorded a sharp increase in sales and expanded
its position as a leading provider of innovative products and solutions for the
manufacture of smartphones, tablets, and notebooks. Particular growth
impetus came from the electrically conductive adhesive tapes ranges. Thanks
to its industry prominence, tesa was able to open up new applications with
these tapes, which saw a good take-up from customers.

tesa SALES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/
Asia/
Australia
30.6

\ europe
Americas / 52.9

16.5


--- Page 28 ---

Combined Management Report
Results of Operations

The automotive sector experienced a global sales and production crisis in 2019.
tesa Automotive was unable to escape this but performed well overall relative
to the market. This was partly thanks to the current industry trends of
e-mobility, digitalization, and the automation of production lines. The prod-
uct portfolio in these areas is being continuously expanded.

In the printing and paper business, tesa further expanded its activities in flexo-
graphic printing. It achieved further considerable growth in the printing of
packaging and labels. This was thanks not least to the self-adhesive sleeves
business of the Twinlock” brand, which tesa acquired from the Dutch firm Poly-
mount in 2018. Important momentum also came from the enhanced Easy Splice
Film range for film printing applications.

The portfolio of development projects in the pharmaceuticals business was
also further expanded, fostering product innovations as part of the approval
process. tesa won contracts for process development in the field of generics.
This created a good basis for further product launches.

With tesa scribos’, tesa enables international brand manufacturers to digitalize
their products. Customized product markings and software solutions connect
products to the digital world. tesa scribos” has developed a novel product
marking with a hidden winning code. Among the software solutions, the focus
is currently on the quantity control platform tesa” 360 Ordering and the data
analysis module tesa” 360 Data Analytics.

The building industry business area also had a positive year in 2019. This was
thanks especially to products based on ACX®"s technology, which is used in the
manufacture of windows and doors and in interior construction. In Europe, tesa
implemented further projects involving structural adhesives for facade com-
ponents. The market gave a very positive reception to the new adhesive tapes
that can be cleanly removed after use. Sealing solutions for the construction
and building supplies industry were another focus.

Trade Markets

The Trade Markets division performed positively with organic sales growth of
2.5%. In nominal terms, sales improved by 3.0% to €555 million (previous year:
€539 million). The division thus accounted for 40.3% (previous year: 40.1%) of
the tesa Business Segment’s total sales in the reporting year.

tesa EBIT (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

| 207 210
186 T

2016 2017 2018 2019

©@ Previous years @ Current year

tesa improved and expanded its range for the industrial distribution business.
This was partly down to the development of new product categories such as
silicone tapes used mainly for masking and design applications in the automotive
and household appliance industries. tesa also introduced a new temperature-
resistant masking tape to the market, renewing a series of traditional products
in the tesa range.

In General Industries, sales of high-quality, double-sided, specialist adhesive
tapes for household devices continued to develop very positively. New products
used in air filters made an important contribution.

In the Consumer & Craftsmen segment, which concentrates on products for
consumers and professional tradespeople in Europe and Latin America, tesa
achieved further growth. The digital sales channels in particular outperformed
the market.

The positive development was attributable not least to the very successful Eu-
rope-wide introduction of a new range of bathroom accessories under the tesa”
brand. These can be quickly and easily mounted thanks to the innovative nie
wieder bohren technology. Sales of the innovative adhesive nail and the entire
“clever fastening system” were again increased by the new brand campaign
“Everyone deserves to feel at home”.


--- Page 29 ---

50

T

Combined Management Report
Net Assets

Net Assets

NET ASSETS - GROUP (IN € MILLION)

Assets Dec. 31, 2018 Dec. 31, 2019
Non-current assets 4,301 5,318
Inventories 986 1,016
Other current assets 2,665 2,589
Cash and cash equivalents 919 1,142

8,871 10,065
Equity and liabilities Dec. 31, 2018 Dec. 31, 2019
Equity 5,647 6,093
Non-current provisions 801 987
Non-current liabilities 7B 148
Current provisions 426 491
Current liabilities 1,924 2,346

8,871 10,065

Non-current assets increased by €1,017 million to €5,318 million (previous year:
€4,301 million). Long-term securities increased by €182 million to €2,795 million
(previous year: €2,613 million). Capital expenditure on property, plant, and
equipment, and investment in intangible assets amounted to €765 million (pre-
vious year: €463 million; without tesa acquisitions: €358 million). Of this amount,
€700 million (previous year: €320 million) related to the Consumer Business
Segment and €65 million (previous year: €143 million) to the tesa Business
Segment. A major part of the Consumer-Investment is attributable to the
COPPERTONE acquisition (€445 million). Other capital expenditure are primar-
ily related to the plants of the two business segments, Consumer and tesa, as
well as the construction of the new Group headquarters. Recognition of right-
of-use assets from leases as a result of the first-time application of IFRS 16

increased property, plant, and equipment by €177 million. Depreciation on
right-of-use assets at the Group amounted to €62 million. Other depreciation,
amortization, and impairment losses stood at €177 million (previous year:
€165 million). Inventories increased by €30 million to €1,016 million (previous
year: €986 million), partly due to the COPPERTONE acquisition. The high level
of investment resulted in a decline in other current assets to €2,589 million
(previous year: €2,665 million). This item includes short-term securities of
€770 million (previous year: €889 million). The decline in this position was
largely due to individual maturities and investment in longer-term securities.
Trade receivables rose by €48 million to €1,442 million (previous year: €1,394 mil-
lion). Income tax receivables amounted to €140 million (previous year: €108 mil-
lion), while other current assets fell by €3 million to €155 million.

FINANCING STRUCTURE (IN %)

I

61

@ Equity © Non-current liabilities @ Current liabilities

[3]



--- Page 30 ---

51

T

Combined Management Report
Net Assets | Financial Position

Cash and cash equivalents increased to €1,142 million (previous year: €919 mil-
lion). Net liquidity (cash, cash equivalents, and long- and short-term securities
less current liabilities to banks and lease liabilities) was reduced, among other
things, by the acquisition of COPPERTONE and the first-time consideration of
lease liabilities by €152 million to €4,250 million (previous year: €4,402 mil-
lion). Current liabilities to banks rose by €263 million to €281 million (previous
year: €18 million). In view of the persistent low interest rates in the euro area,
short-term borrowing is increasingly used to support the management of finan-
cial assets and bank balances.

Total non-current provisions and liabilities stood at €1,135 million (previous
year: €874 million). This item includes provisions for pensions and other

Financial Position

post-employment benefits, which increased to €878 million (previous year:
€677 million), mainly due to a reduction in the interest rate. There was a related
reduction in deferred tax liabilities to €27 million (previous year: €64 million).
The recognition of lease liabilities in accordance with IFRS 16 increased
non-current liabilities by €117 million. Total current provisions and liabilities
rose by €487 million to €2,837 million (previous year: €2,350 million) as a result
of an increase in trade payables due to operational factors, an increase in
current bank liabilities, as well as the first application of IFRS 16 (€60 million).
The equity ratio was 61% (previous year: 64%). Non-current liabilities ac-
counted for 11% (previous year: 10%) and current liabilities for 28% (previous
year: 26%).

CASH FLOW STATEMENT - GROUP (IN € MILLION)

2018 2019
Gross cash flow 933 842
Change in net current assets -65 140
Net cash flow from operating activities 868 982
Net cash flow from investing activities 635 -750
Free cash flow 233 232
Net cash flow from financing activities -210 -21
Other changes -5 2
Net change in cash and cash equivalents 18 223
Cash and cash equivalents as of Jan. 1 901 919
Cash and cash equivalents as of Dec. 31 919 1,142

Gross cash flow amounted to €842 million in the period under review, down
€91 million on the prior-year value.

The change in net current assets led to an inflow of €140 million (previous year:
outflow of €65 million). The increase of €188 million in trade payables and
current provisions were partly offset by a €30 million rise in inventories and
an €18 million rise in receivables and other assets.

The net cash outflow from investing activities amounted to €750 million in
the year under review (previous year: €635 million). Interest and other financial
income received of €40 million and proceeds of €13 million from the sale of
intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment were offset by net in-
vestments of €31 million in the purchase of securities as well as capital
expenditure of €320 million for property, plant, and equipment, and intangible
assets and payments of €445 million for the COPPERTONE acquisition, as well
as capital expenditure for the acquisition of previous years from the tesa busi-
ness segment in the amount of €7 million.

Free cash flow was €232 million, down by €1 million on the prior-year value
(€233 million). The net cash outflow of €21 million from financing activities

(previous year: €210 million) mainly comprised the Beiersdorf AG dividend
payment of €159 million as well as interest and other financial income received
in the amount of €138 million.

The initial application of IFRS 16 led to a €64 million decrease in gross cash
flow and a negative cash flow from financing activities of €64 million.

Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €1,142 million (previous year: €919
million).

Financing and liquidity provision

Hedging currency, interest rate, and default risks, and investing liquid assets are
at the heart of financial management at Beiersdorf. Providing liquidity for the
Group is also a paramount objective. The type and volume of transactions are
in line with the basic operating and financial business. Scenarios and rolling
12-month cash flow planning are used to establish liquidity requirements. De-
tails on financial risk management can be found in the notes to the balance
sheet, Note 27.


--- Page 31 ---

52

T

Combined Management Report
Overall Assessment of the Group's Economic Position

Overall Assessment of the Group’s Economic Position

COMPARISON OF ACTUAL AND FORECAST BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS.

Forecast for 2019 in

Forecast for 2019 Forecast for 2019 in

Result in 2018 2018 Annual Report in H1 2019 Report 9M 2019 Quarterly Statement Result in 2019,
Sales growth (organic)
Consumer (in %) 5.0 3-5 -5 4-5 48
tesa (in %) 68 3-4 3-4 1-2 0.8
Group (in %) 5.4 3-5 -5 3-5 41
EBIT margin
(excluding special factors)
Consumer (in %) 15.3 14.0-14.5 14.0-14.5 140-145 24.3)" 14.1
tesa (in %) 15.7 _ slightly below prior year slightly below prior year ___ slightly below prior year 15.3
Group (in %) 15.4 around 14.5 around 14.5 around 14.5 (a4.5)* 14.3

“The EBIT margin shown in brackets do not include any special factors or effects from the acquired COPPERTONE business.

Beiersdorf once again successfully achieved the targets it set itself in 2019, de-
spite differences in the performance of the two business segments. The Group
generated sales of €7,653 million (previous year: €7,233 million). Organic
growth stood at 4.1% (previous year: 5.4%). EBIT excluding special factors
reached €1,095 million (previous year: €1,113 million). The EBIT margin excluding
special factors was 14.3% (previous year: 15.4%). Excluding effects from the
integration of the COPPERTONE business, the EBIT margin was 14.5%.

The Consumer Business Segment can look back on a successful 2019. A major
focus was on implementing the new C.A.R.E.+ strategy as well as giving the
existing business a greater concentration on face care, further leveraging the
potential of the brands EUCERIN, HANSAPLAST and LA PRAIRIE, and tapping
into new markets and business fields. Despite challenges, LA PRAIRIE continued
the previous year’s strong growth. NIVEA and EUCERIN also achieved good to
very good growth rates in the reporting year. In addition, the acquisition of the
COPPERTONE business and brand strengthened the leading position in the sun
care market.

With sales growth of 4.8%, Consumer was at the upper end of the forecast for
fiscal year 2019. This growth came from both the saturated markets and
emerging markets, and from all regions. Due to the investments in implement-
ing the new strategy, the operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) and
EBIT margin were down on the previous year, but within the forecast. The Con-
sumer EBIT margin excluding special factors was 14.1% (previous year: 15.3%).
Excluding effects from the integration of the COPPERTONE business, the Con-
sumer EBIT margin was 14.3%.

The tesa Business Segment generated organic sales growth of 0.8% in a diffi-
cult market environment. The Trade Markets division, which includes the retail
consumer business, contributed strongly to the business segment's positive
performance. Sales in the Direct Industries division remained stable overall. The
electronics business showed a clear positive performance in 2019. However,
the automotive business experienced a setback in sales in an uncertain market
environment. As forecast, the operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors)
and EBIT margin were slightly down on the previous year.


--- Page 32 ---

53

T

Combined Management Report
Beiersdorf AG

Beiersdorf AG

Business Activities

Beiersdorf AG is based in Hamburg (Germany) and is the parent company of
the Beiersdorf Group. As of December 31, 2019, Beiersdorf AG employed
2,289 people (previous year: 2,260). The number of vocational trainees and
trainees not included in this figure was 130 (previous year: 136).

Beiersdorf AG is responsible for the German Consumer business and provides
typical holding company services to its affiliates. In addition to its own oper-
ating activities, Beiersdorf AG manages an extensive investment portfolio and
is the direct or indirect parent company of over 170 subsidiaries worldwide.
The company also performs central planning/financial control, supply chain,
treasury, and human resources functions, as well as a large proportion of re-
search and development activities for the Consumer business.

Beiersdorf AG's operating business is one part of the Beiersdorf Group's business
activities. The entire company is managed on the basis of the key performance

Result of Operations - Beiersdorf AG

indicators outlined in the “Management and Control” section of the Combined
Management Report. It is only possible to gain a full insight into the key per-
formance indicators at the level of the Group.

The net assets, financial position, and results of operations of Beiersdorf AG
are dominated by its own business activities and by the activities of its affiliates
in the form of royalty income and dividend income. Consequently, the eco-
nomic position of Beiersdorf AG essentially corresponds to that of the Group
as a whole. Similarly, the opportunities and risks as well as the outlook for
Beiersdorf AG correlate closely with those for the Group.

Basis of Preparation of the Financial Statements

The annual financial statements of Beiersdorf AG are prepared in accordance
with the provisions of the Hande/sgesetzbuch (German Commercial Code, HGB)
and the Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation Act, AktG). The recommen-
dations of the German Corporate Governance Code that are relevant to the
annual financial statements were taken into account.

INCOME STATEMENT - BEIERSDORF AG IN ACCORDANCE WITH HGB (IN € MILLION)

2018 2019
Sales 1,262 1,336
Other operating income 38 40
Cost of materials -290 -296
Personnel expenses -276 -307
Depreciation and amortization of property, plant, and equipment, and intangible assets -11 -21
Other operating expenses -575 -669
Operating result 148 83
Net income from investments 230 180
Net interest expense -22 -31
Other financial result -41 -2
Financial result 167 147
Profit before tax 315 230
Income taxes -51 -41
Profit after tax 264 189
Transfer to other retained earnings -88 -13
Net retained profits 176 176



--- Page 33 ---

54

T

Combined Management Report
Beiersdorf AG

Beiersdorf AG's sales rose by €74 million to €1,336 million in the reporting year
(previous year: €1,262 million). Product sales of NIVEA Face Care, HANSAPLAST,
and EUCERIN were particularly encouraging. Sales of €1,022 million (previous
year: €966 million) were generated in Germany and €314 million (previous year:
€296 million) in other countries.

The operating result declined by €65 million to €83 million due to increased

personnel expenses, higher depreciation and amortization, and increased
marketing expenses.

Net Assets and Financial Position - Beiersdorf AG

At €147 million, the financial result declined by €20 million compared with the
previous year. With other financial result improving by €39 million, the decline
was mainly due to a €50 million decrease in income from investments and a
€9 million decrease in net interest expense.

At €230 million, profit before tax was down €85 million on the prior-year figure.

Profit after tax was €189 million (previous year: €264 million), a decline of
€75 million on the previous year.

BALANCE SHEET - BEIERSDORF AG IN ACCORDANCE WITH HGB (IN € MILLION)

Assets Dec. 31, 2018 Dec. 31, 2019
Intangible assets 1 200
Property, plant, and equipment 138 139
Financial assets 4,069 4,638
Fixed assets 4,208 4,977
Inventories 2 3
Receivables and other assets 772 783
Securities 1,116 650
Cash and cash equivalents 7B 115
Current assets 1,963 1,551
Prepaid expenses 4 4
Deferred tax assets 43 64

6,218 6,596,
Equity and liabilities Dec. 31, 2018 Dec. 31, 2019
Equity 2,735 2,765
Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits 522 573
Other provisions 283 232
Provisions 805 805
Liabilities 2,678 3,026

6,218 6,596

Fixed assets saw a substantial year-on-year rise of €769 million. This increase
is largely attributable to the acquisition of long-term government and corpo-
rate bonds as well as the COPPERTONE trademark rights and patents. Invest-
ments of €13 million in property, plant, and equipment were accompanied by
depreciation of €11 million.

Current assets declined by €412 million over the fiscal year to €1,551 million.
This item includes short-term securities of €650 million (previous year: €1,116 mil-
lion). The decline in this position is largely attributable to increased investment
of funds in long-term securities. Receivables and other assets largely comprise
financial receivables from affiliated companies.

Liabilities increased by €348 million year-on-year to €3,026 million. This is
chiefly due to new current liabilities to banks to optimize asset and liquidity
management during the persistently low interest rate situation.

€2,765 million (previous year: €2,735 million), or 42% (previous year: 44%), of
the total balance sheet assets of €6,596 million (previous year: €6,218 million)
is financed by equity.

The Executive Board and Supervisory Board will propose a dividend of €0.70
per no-par-value share bearing dividend rights to the Annual General Meeting
(previous year: €0.70).


--- Page 34 ---

55

T

Combined Management Report
Risk Report

Risk Report

Risks and Opportunities

In the course of its business activities, the Beiersdorf Group is exposed to a
multitude of risks. These result, among other things, from its activities that seek
to develop and make use of opportunities to improve the company’s competi-
tiveness. Risks and opportunities encompass events and developments with a
certain probability of occurrence that may have material negative or positive
financial and non-financial effects on the achievement of the Beiersdorf Group’s
objectives. Beiersdorf uses an integrated risk and opportunity management
system in order to identify and evaluate material risks at an early stage and to
consistently limit them using counteractive measures.

Integrated Risk and Opportunity Management
System

The risk and opportunity management system at Beiersdorf is an integral part
of the central and local planning, management, and control processes in the
individual companies, management units, and regions, at Consumer and tesa
Business Segment levels, and at Group level. Risk and opportunity manage-
ment is complemented by the accounting-related internal control systems, the
various internal and external monitoring bodies - supported by Internal Audit
- and external auditors. Compliance management, which is also relevant in this
context, is described extensively in the separate Group Sustainability Report.

Risk and opportunity management is closely aligned with corporate strategy
and helps Beiersdorf identify and make optimal use of its potential. Regularly
analyzing customers and the competition, for example, enables a swift response
to dynamic market developments. Specific market opportunities and risks are
derived from the information obtained.

Beiersdorf incurs risks only if there is a corresponding opportunity for an ap-
propriate increase in value, and only if they can be managed using established
methods and measures within the relevant organization. In cases where the
full avoidance of risks is not possible or reasonable, risks are mitigated using
appropriate measures, or are transferred to third parties such as insurance
companies.

Within the risk management process, periodic inventories are carried out to
identify, evaluate, document, and subsequently communicate the material risks
in a structured way along with the measures to manage these risks. The cor-
responding principles, reporting and feedback processes, as well as responsi-
bilities are laid out in a directive that applies across the Group and is regularly
updated. Risk management is coordinated at Group headquarters.

Beiersdorf distinguishes between strategic, functional, and operational risks.
Strategic risks encompass fundamental frameworks, developments, and events
that could have a substantial impact on the Group or its business segments.
Functional risks are challenges inherent to the business model. The various spe-
cialist functions generally work at the global or regional level to counter these
risks in a sustainable manner, with action relating to the design of operational
and organizational structures as well as with specific individual measures.
Operational risks and opportunities are those that may influence short-term
sales and profits.

BEIERSDORF RISK RADAR
Schematic diagram

External framework

Procurement/
Raw materials

Manufacturing

Marketing/
Distribution/
Outbound
logistics

@ Significant @ Critical @ Existence-imperiling

“is
%

”
oe

Customer/Consumer/
Markets

Competition/
Substitution

R&D/Innovations/
Quality management

Organizational
excellence

Improbable mm Probable mm Very probable


--- Page 35 ---

56

T

Combined Management Report
Risk Report

BEIERSDORF RISK CLASSIFICATION

Probability of
occurrence

Improbable

Stetegiensis coe

Possible
financial effects

10%

. >10%-<50% Clustered based
Functional & on sales and
operational risks >50%-<90% earnings impact
>90%

Appropriate observation periods are assigned to these risk categories. A period
of around five years generally applies for strategic risks. For functional risks,
the period is around two years as a rule, and for short-term operational risks
around one year.

In the Group's internal risk reporting, individual risks are uniformly presented
by positioning them on a risk radar. The various fields of the radar reflect, in
summarized form, the relevant areas for the company both inside and outside
the Group that may give rise to risks. The graph below (Beiersdorf Risk Radar)
shows the structure of the risk radar for strategic risks.

For each category, the risks are also classified based on their probability and
the potential financial impact of their occurrence. Except in the case of strategic
risks, the risks examined are net risks, i.e. the probability of occurrence and the
impacts are calculated after implementation of risk management measures.

The Executive and Supervisory Boards are regularly updated on the risk situ-
ation at Consumer and tesa Business Segment levels and at Group level. Direct
lines of communication ensure that sudden, unforeseen material risks are re-
ported immediately to top management. The latest information on risk devel-
opment is fed into the management and planning systems of the corporate
units throughout the year and becomes part of the decision-making and con-
trol processes. By directly integrating the risk inventory and planning process,
the risk management system is continuously developed further and risk aware-
ness is embedded throughout the company.

Description of the Material Risks and Opportunities

Strategic and functional risks

Maintaining and increasing the value of our major consumer brands with their
broad appeal is of utmost importance to Beiersdorf's business development.
The trust of our customers and, in particular, of the consumers of our products,
is essential for this. We have designed our risk management system to fully
justify this trust and to provide enduring, successful protection to the value of
our brands. Among other things, our extensive operational and communica-
tion measures in relation to sustainability, diversity, and other aspects of CSR
enable us to categorize risks to the reputation of our brands as improbable.

Our compliance with high standards regarding the quality, safety, and environ-
mental sustainability of our products and packaging is the basis for our con-
sumers’ continued trust in our brands. Our products are subject to the strict
criteria of our quality management system throughout the entire procurement,
production, and distribution process. When creating new products, we perform
in-depth safety assessments, which also take consumer feedback into account.
As a result, we regard risks due to quality problems as unlikely to materialize
and to involve, at most, limited, isolated cases.

With the aid of the “Consumer Insights” process, we promptly identify con-
stantly changing consumer wishes and reflect them in our product development.
Alongside other sustainability criteria, we particularly follow the debates on
avoiding certain packaging and raw materials. We have responded to the cur-
rent discussion on the use of plastics in products and packaging with a new


--- Page 36 ---

57

T

Combined Management Report
Risk Report

plastic cycle strategy. Direct communication with consumers via digital social
media is becoming an ever more important aspect of this. As a result, we have
also comprehensively reviewed and re-oriented our use of media and market-
ing, for example. We regard the risks from changes in consumer behavior as
critical and probable. In relation to the above-mentioned environmental and
sustainability aspects, they can even be regarded as very probable.

Strong brands that balance innovation and continuity and have a clear bene-
fit for consumers are our response to the ever-intensifying global competition
on price, cost, quality, and innovation. As well as intensively seeking potential
cost reductions throughout the value chain, we also continuously review the
effectiveness of all marketing and sales activities, for instance in the perfor-
mance-based management of our sales terms and promotions. In doing so, we
are also responding to increasing retail concentration. By specifically promoting
largely independent management of our smaller, sometimes region-specific
brands such as HIDROFUGAL, 8x4, and SKIN STORIES, we are responding to the
continuing growth in significance of rival brands at local and regional level,
whose emergence we regard overall as critical and very probable.

Expertise-based brands that constantly provide consumers with relevant new
products require a high degree of up-front investment in innovation and market-
ing. The continuous expansion of our trademark and patent portfolio is there-
fore of utmost importance. We protect our intellectual property proactively
and comprehensively. By closely aligning the Group functions involved in this
with the operational business, we identify commercial opportunities from our
research and development activities at an early stage and safeguard them long-
term using industrial property rights. Of course, we also acknowledge and
respect existing third-party rights when developing our new products. In gen-
eral, we regard the risk of third-party attacks on our trademarks or product
names and the use of certain ingredients as critical and probable. At the same
time, we are convinced that this will not significantly hinder us from continuing
to successfully introduce relevant innovations into the market.

Our management focus on the sustainable success of our market activities
ensures that we invest in promising markets in terms of brands, products, and
regions. In addition to the acquisition of the COPPERTONE brand, which was
successfully completed in the reporting year, activities range from the screen-
ing of new business fields and selective participation in start-ups (including
“accelerator programs”) to the establishment of new affiliates, such as Pakistan
and Myanmar, or partnerships in countries not previously covered. At the same
time, we ensure that we are generating the funds needed for these activities
in the long term. Without this management, we would regard the risk of in-
vesting also in less promising markets as critical and probable.

We counter procurement risks relating to delivery reliability and price for raw
materials, commodities, and services by continuously monitoring our markets
and suppliers and using appropriate contract management. Strategic partner-
ships are an important element of actively managing our supplier portfolio. Here,
we take into account the growing global political and economic uncertainties

by developing new business models that ensure lasting access to our procure-
ment markets. We are focusing particularly on special local and regional supply
chains. At the same time, we ensure that the overall structure of our global
production and logistics provides both sufficient flexibility in terms of capacity
and the necessary infrastructure as well as corresponding availability of quali-
fied staff and further training opportunities. In general, we regard the strate-
gic and functional risks in this context as of average significance but rather
improbable.

We have continued to work intensively on our project to increase the security,
availability, reliability, and efficiency of our IT systems against internal and
external attacks, as well as on measures relating to the Group-wide business
continuity management system to secure operations at all times. The project
is due to run for several years. We therefore now categorize risks to Beiersdorf
in connection with the setup and functionality of our IT as significant rather
than critical, but still regard them as rather probable.

The completed installation of a Europe-wide data protection system is helping
us ever more each day to ensure safe handling of our company’s sensitive data
as well as that of our business partners and consumers, such as when devel-
oping and using our social media presence or creating new software solutions.
At the same time, it allows us to successfully implement the increased infor-
mation and documentation requirements. We are currently examining the
requirements and opportunities for rolling this system out to other regions.

Alongside this, we counter our internal compliance risk and the further growing
external compliance risks by providing clear rules of conduct and transparent
management structures, accompanied by comprehensive training and moni-
toring activities, such as for protecting the confidentiality of internal data.
Finally, occupational safety, environmental, and business interruption risks in
our production and logistics activities are minimized by frequently updated
process control checks and location-specific audits. We generally regard risks
in these areas as less significant and relatively improbable.

Partnerships and other contacts with universities enable us to build early links
to qualified potential new employees, for whom we have special trainee pro-
grams to prepare them for a career at Beiersdorf. Our uniform global talent
management process identifies and develops talented specialists and manage-
ment personnel at all levels and supports the appointment of qualified staff in
key positions throughout the company as these become vacant. Risks in the
context of our global recruitment activities remain an insignificant issue for us.

We counter the risk of bad debts through detailed monitoring of our customer
relationships, active receivables management, and the selective use of trade
credit insurance. Currency, interest rate, and liquidity risks are subject to active
treasury management based on a global directive. They are managed and
hedged centrally to a very large extent, taking into account the specific re-
quirements for the organizational separation of the trading, settlement, and
controlling functions.


--- Page 37 ---

58

T

Combined Management Report
Risk Report

Potential default risks relating to the investment of the Group’s liquid funds are
limited by only making investments with defined, reliable counterparties. Coun-
terparty risk is monitored on the basis of ratings and the counterparties’ liable
capital, as well as continuously updated risk indicators. These parameters are
used to determine maximum amounts for investments with partner banks and
securities issuers (counterparty limits), which are compared regularly with
the investments actually made throughout the Group. We have invested the
majority of our liquidity in low-risk investments (such as government/corporate
bonds and covered bonds). The investment strategy is regularly agreed with
our internal supervisory body and with the Supervisory Board. Thus, we con-
sider market risks from the investment of our free liquidity to be insignificant
and relatively improbable.

Our financial risk management is characterized by the clear allocation of re-
sponsibilities, central rules for limiting financial risks as a matter of principle,
and the conscious alignment of the instruments deployed with the require-
ments of our business activities. Specific, additional information on the extent
of the currency, interest rate, default, and liquidity risks described above can
be found in Note 27 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements,
“Additional Disclosures on Financial Instruments, Financial Risk Management,
and Derivative Financial Instruments.”

Short-term operational risks and opportunities

Operational risks and opportunities are continuously monitored as part of the
financial planning, forecasting, and reporting process at the local, regional, and
central level. This ensures that all sales and earnings effects regarded as rela-
tively likely are directly and appropriately incorporated into our financial re-
porting, taking into account the measures implemented and planned (e.g.
recognition of provisions).

This applies in particular to the risks associated with Brexit. Coordinated by a
multifunctional task force, we are working on all the relevant processes and
have prepared for a variety of scenarios via mitigating activities. The effects of
Brexit - even an unregulated Brexit - on the business of our company in the
United Kingdom, for example through higher customs duties or changes in
exchange rates, are not considered to be critical for the Group as a whole.

A monthly review of key financial figures for the Group companies is conduct-
ed, led by the Group Controlling function together with Risk Management and
Internal Audit. This is designed to enable potential critical developments to be
addressed swiftly and precisely with those involved and corrective action to
be initiated where appropriate.

The net operational risks currently remaining arise from legal and tax proceed-
ings and from tax audits. These risks are prudently quantified by both internal
and external experts to the extent possible, and the necessary provisions are
provided for in the financial accounts. Assessing the course and outcome of
legal disputes is associated with considerable uncertainty. Based on the infor-
mation currently available, it is highly unlikely that these disputes will result in
significant charges for the Group.

Further information and details on the extent of the risks described here can
be found in Note 28 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements,
“Contingent Liabilities, Other Financial Obligations, and Legal Risks.”

Summary of the Risk Situation

Compared with the previous year, there has been no significant structural
change in our assessment of the likelihood of occurrence and/or potential finan-
cial impact of the above risks and opportunities. Overall, even considering the
updated estimations, there is no fundamental change to the risk situation.
Based on the current assessment, the Beiersdorf Group is therefore not exposed
to any risks that could endanger its continued existence.

Accounting-Related Internal Control System

The aim of the accounting-related internal control system is to implement
appropriate principles, procedures, and controls to ensure the correctness and
reliability of accounting and financial reporting in the financial statements and
management report of the Beiersdorf Group and Beiersdorf AG in line with the
legal regulations and relevant accounting standards.

The scope and orientation of the internal control system have been shaped by
the Executive Board based on the Group-specific requirements. The accounting-
related internal control system consists of the following components: control
environment, risk assessment process, control activities, information, commu-
nication, and monitoring.

An analysis was used to identify the items and positions containing the material
risks for the financial statements. The underlying processes were then
assigned to these. Preventive, monitoring, and detective measures designed
to ensure security and control in accounting, information processing, and the
operational functions have been defined Group-wide for these processes.
Among other things, the measures include the separation of functions, manu-
al and IT-based approval processes using the dual control principle, IT checks,
access restrictions and authorization concepts for the IT system, and systems-
based processes for handling Group accounting data. These measures were
updated during the reporting year.

Shared service centers provide uniform handling of the core accounting pro-
cesses at Beiersdorf AG and most of its affiliates. In some cases, they achieve
this with the help of fully automated processes. Standardized IT systems are
used to support financial reporting for the companies included in the consoli-
dated financial statements and consolidation. Procedural instructions, stand-
ardized reporting formats, and IT-based reporting and consolidation processes
support financial reporting.


--- Page 38 ---

59

T

Combined Management Report
Risk Report | Report on Expected Developments

The consolidated financial statements are based on accounting directives spec-
ified by Beiersdorf AG. These guidelines are updated on an ongoing basis
through continuous analysis of the relevance and impact of changes in the
regulatory environment.

The accounting process and compliance with the control requirements and
accounting directives by the companies included in the consolidated financial
statements are regularly reviewed.

It remains the case that even putting in place appropriate, effective systems
does not guarantee the correct, complete, and timely recording of information
in the accounts with absolute certainty. It is impossible to entirely rule out per-
sonal judgments, erroneous controls, criminal acts, or other circumstances.
Should these occur, they could limit the effectiveness and reliability of the
internal control system.

Independent Monitoring

The supervisory bodies and the Internal Audit department are integrated into
the Beiersdorf Group's internal control system with audit activities that are in-
dependent of the Group’s operations. Internal Audit systematically evaluates
the integrity of financial accounting, the effectiveness of the accounting-related
internal control system and of the risk and opportunity management system,
and compliance. As a process-independent organizational unit, it uses a risk-
based approach to reviewing the business processes, the systems and controls
that have been put in place, and the financial accounting of transactions. The
audit findings are used for ongoing enhancement of the company’s manage-
ment and of preventive and detective controls. In accordance with § 317 (4)
HGB, the Group auditor also evaluates the effectiveness of the risk early warn-
ing and monitoring system. Internal Audit and the Group auditor regularly
report the audit results to the supervisory bodies.

The Audit Committee of Beiersdorf AG monitors, in particular, the accounting
process and the effectiveness of the internal control system, the risk manage-
ment system, and the internal audit system.

Report on Expected Developments

Expected Macroeconomic Developments

For 2020, we expect global economic growth to be slightly down on the prior-
year level, with the uncertainty of the ongoing trade conflicts acting as a major
brake. Geopolitical unrest, EU-skeptical movements in European countries, and
uncertainty about the long-term consequences of Brexit, as well as the future
economic policy of the United States will also have a continuing negative impact
on the development of the global economy.

In Europe, we expect growth to fall slightly short of the prior-year level. Low
interest rates, a slightly expansionary fiscal policy, and stable domestic demand
thanks to a robust labor market will continue to prop up growth. However, there
is a danger that domestic demand will also weaken, causing the downturn in
industry to spread to the service sector. The long-term impact of Brexit, trade
conflicts, Italian budgetary policy, and a possible change in course by the
European Central Bank are a continuing source of uncertainty.

In Germany, we expect growth to slightly exceed the prior-year level. Invest-
ment, increased government expenditure, and stable consumer spending are
likely once again to be the main factors supporting the economy. Uncertainty
surrounds export performance given the trade disputes and unknown conse-
quences of Brexit.

For the US economy, we expect the growth rate to fall short of that seen in the
previous year. Rising uncertainty due to the trade dispute with China will hold
investment growth back, and a slowdown also threatens the service sector.
Consumer spending and the Fed's rate cuts appear to be holding this downward
trend at bay. The potential impact of economic policy is difficult to predict.

In Japan, we anticipate a substantial fall in growth. Output may be bolstered
by a new fiscal package and the stimulus provided by the Summer Olympics,
but slowdowns in investment and consumer spending, primarily as a result of
the VAT rise in fall 2019, will have a substantial negative impact.

In the emerging markets, we expect growth overall to be in line with the pre-
vious year. For the Chinese economy, we expect growth to be slightly below
the prior-year level, underpinned again by an expansionary fiscal policy. The
ongoing trade dispute with the United States, the risk of a depreciating ren-
minbi, and the continued high level of indebtedness in state-owned enterprises
continue to cause uncertainty. Furthermore, the impact of the corona virus
epidemic cannot yet be estimated. In India, we expect noticeably higher growth
again after a weaker year in 2019. In the Middle East, we expect trade barriers
and other protectionist measures to continue to slow economic growth in the
region. For the Southeast Asian emerging markets, we expect growth to be
slightly down on the previous year’s level due to lower growth in production


--- Page 39 ---

60

T

Combined Management Report
Report on Expected Developments

and persistently low export demand. In Brazil, we anticipate that the economy
will continue the recovery expected for 2019 with a noticeable surge in growth.
There is uncertainty about the effectiveness of the new government's eco-
nomic stimulus measures. In Russia, we expect a slight rise in economic growth
after a weak performance in the previous year.

Procurement Market Trends

The commodity markets are likely to pick up again in 2020. This is due to very
volatile oil prices, partly as a result of the output reduction decided by the
Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), and a host of
political uncertainties such as the unrest in the Middle East and the current
trade disputes between the United States and China as well as the United States
and the European Union, as well as Brexit.

Prices for natural preliminary raw materials will be pushed above their current
low level and will rise moderately. An increase in demand for more sustainable
materials will also lead to generally tighter commodity markets and potentially
higher costs. Certain materials will only be available at a premium. Prices of
commodities and packaging materials are increasingly decoupling from base
materials.

Beiersdorf will continue to work intensively on programs to achieve lasting
reductions in procurement costs. This includes continuously optimizing the
overall cost structure of our products. On the whole, however, we expect the
cost of materials to rise slightly in 2020.

Sales Market Trends

We believe that the global growth rate in the cosmetics market - the market
relevant for Beiersdorf - will remain at the prior-year level in 2020. We expect
only modest growth in the major European and North American markets. The
emerging markets will contribute positively to the overall performance.

For tesa, we continue to expect largely stable sales trends in Europe, though
political developments represent an element of unpredictability. In North
America, we again expect a more positive development from the automotive
industry in 2020. After strong growth in 2019, we anticipate a continued pos-
itive trend in Latin America. In Asia, we anticipate moderate growth, which
will be coupled very closely to the performance of the Chinese economy. The
declining automotive market globally and the rather cautious expectations in
the electronics industry are resulting in slightly muted growth expectations.

Our Market Opportunities

Market performance will remain mixed in 2020 and competition will continue
to increase in some markets. By implementing our C.A.R.E.+ strategy system-
atically, we want to meet the challenges ahead of us to unlock Beiersdorf's
potential and to be able to further deliver sustainable growth. We see strong
opportunities both in systematically expanding our presence in the emerging
markets and in consolidating our position in European markets.

We will build on our sound financial structure and strong earnings position to-
gether with our dedicated and highly qualified employees to continue exploit-
ing future opportunities with our internationally successful brand portfolio.
Extensive research and development activities resulting in successful, consum-
er-driven innovations will be flanked by targeted marketing measures, strength-
ening our brand core and creating enduring confidence among our consumers.

For tesa, the electronics industry business in Asia remains attractive; however,
its project-based nature continues to entail a high risk of volatility. Growth
expectations for the coming year are slightly above the market trend. This
applies to business with both consumers and industrial customers. tesa expects
to bolster its market position with continued investment in research and
development, and therefore in innovative products.

Business Developments

Our assessment of business developments in the coming year is based on the
above assumptions in conjunction with our specifically defined measures. Any
potential impact from the corona virus epidemic in China on our business is
not quantifiable yet, thus not reflected in this business outlook.

In the Consumer Business Segment, Beiersdorf expects sales growth to out-
perform the market at 3 -5% in fiscal year 2020. The EBIT margin from ongo-
ing operations (excluding special factors) is expected to be in the range of
14.0 - 14.5%.

In the tesa Business Segment, we are predicting slightly positive sales growth
in 2020. The EBIT margin from ongoing operations (excluding special factors)
is expected to remain at the prior year’s level.

Based on the forecasts of the two business segments, Group sales growth is
expected to be around 3 - 5%. We expect the consolidated EBIT margin from on-

going operations (excluding special factors) to remain at the prior year’s level.

Hamburg, February 11,2020
Beiersdorf AG

The Executive Board


--- Page 40 ---

61

T

Combined Management Report
Remuneration Report

Remuneration Report and
Other Disclosures

Remuneration Report

The remuneration report explains the structure and amount of the remunera-
tion paid to the members of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board.
It takes into account the legal requirements and the recommendations of the
German Corporate Governance Code in the version dated February 7, 2017
(the Code) applicable to fiscal year 2019. It is a component of the annual and
consolidated financial statements as well as the combined management report
for Beiersdorf AG and the Group.

1. Remuneration of the Executive Board

The Supervisory Board addressed the structure and appropriateness of
Executive Board remuneration, as well as individual remuneration questions,
on February 1, February 21, February 26, April 17, June 27, September 3, and
December 3, 2019. On January 31, 2020, the Supervisory Board determined
the remuneration of the Executive Board for fiscal year 2019. Remuneration
decisions were prepared by the Presiding Committee.

Overview

The remuneration system for the Executive Board takes into account the tasks
and performance of the individual members of the Executive Board and the
Executive Board as a whole, the company’s economic and financial situation,
its performance and outlook, as well as its relevant peer group under stock
corporation law and the Code. The remuneration structure is geared toward
sustainable enterprise development.

The remuneration of the Executive Board in 2019 continued to comprise
essentially four components:

* a fixed basic remuneration component,
* ashort-term Variable Bonus with annual targets,

a long-term bonus based on enterprise value performance (Enterprise Value
Component/LTP), as well as
customary ancillary benefits.

The predominant multi-year element of variable remuneration and its largely
forward-looking basis of calculation consists of the Enterprise Value Component
(see section c) below).

Remuneration of the Executive Board in 2019 in More Detail
a) Fixed Remuneration

The fixed annual remuneration is paid in 12 equal installments. It is generally
reviewed for appropriateness from time to time.

b) Variable Bonus

The members of the Executive Board receive a Variable Bonus that is based on
the performance of the Consumer Business Segment. This is paid in full after
the Annual General Meeting of the year following that in which it is granted.
As specified by the Supervisory Board and depending on the level of goal
achievement in each case, 20% of the Variable Bonus for fiscal year 2019 is
determined by sales growth (sales component), 30% by market share (market
share component), 30% by the achievement of strategic business goals
(strategic component), and 20% by the achievement of personal goals by
Executive Board members (personal component). The size of the sales com-
ponent is calculated based on sales growth in the Consumer Business Segment.
The Supervisory Board adjusts the calculation for influences resulting from
currency effects and M&A. The market share component is determined by the
increase in market share in the skin care categories in the countries with the
highest sales. The strategic component is based on certain initiatives for per-
sonalized skin care, digitalization, and sustainability, with each of these areas
contributing 10%. The personal component consists partly of a common HR
goal relating to succession planning and diversity, which contributes 10%. The
remaining 10% attributable to the personal component is determined by per-
sonal goals for each Executive Board member based on their functional and/
or regional responsibilities. Following due assessment of the circumstances,
the Supervisory Board lays down percentages for target achievement for each
of the components, with intermediate figures being interpolated on a straight-
line basis. The individual components lapse if goal achievement is less than
70%. No further increases are made for any of the components if the goals are
exceeded by more than 200% (cap). The Supervisory Board may increase or
decrease the Variable Bonus by up to 20% in order to take extraordinary
developments into account. Bonus entitlements can also be transferred to the
long-term Enterprise Value Component.

c) Enterprise Value Component

Executive Board members share in the increase in enterprise value for the
Consumer Business Segment in the form of a multi-year bonus. This is based
on a mathematical formula drawn from the annual financial statements at the
beginning and end of their term of office. Each Executive Board member is
allocated a notional share of the enterprise value (Enterprise Value Component
or Base Virtual Units) at the start of their period of appointment or reappoint-
ment. The Executive Board member will be paid their share of the percentage
increase in the Enterprise Value Component during their term of office once
their period of appointment or reappointment has ended and following, where
applicable, an additional vesting period (“bonus period”), if the Annual General
Meeting approves the Executive Board member's actions.

The increase in enterprise value corresponds to the percentage share of the
Executive Board member's (notionally allocated) Enterprise Value Component


--- Page 41 ---

62

T

Combined Management Report
Remuneration Report

that will be paid to them. For the Executive Board members appointed before
2017, the enterprise value is calculated as a multiple of sales and EBIT as
reported in the consolidated financial statements. The increase in value is the
increase in enterprise value from the beginning to the end of the bonus period.
In each case, this is calculated as an average over three years. For Executive
Board members appointed from 2017 onwards, enterprise value is calculated
solely from the increase in sales from the beginning to the end of the bonus
period, unless EBIT deviates by more than 10% from plan.

Example: If the enterprise value from sales and EBIT increases by 32%
(= 8 x 4% p.a.) over an eight-year term of office (= 3 years following initial
appointment + 5 years following reappointment) and the notional share of
the enterprise value is €10,000 thousand, the formula results in a bonus of
€3,200 thousand.

As with the Variable Bonus, sales are adjusted for special factors. EBIT is
adjusted for, among other things, any deviations from the plan for marketing
expenses compared with the start of the bonus period. In individual cases, the
Supervisory Board is also entitled to make adjustments following due assess-
ment of the circumstances, for instance by adjusting for special factors and
inflation or by increasing or decreasing the Enterprise Value Component for
objective reasons by up to 20%.

In addition, the Executive Board members can share in the enterprise's perfor-
mance by making a personal investment and acquiring Covered Virtual Units.
This personal investment is made by retaining bonus payments due under the
Variable Bonus, by the Executive Board member providing collateral (e.g. by
pledging a suitable asset), or by way of allocation. The Covered Virtual Units
participate in positive and negative percentage changes in the value of the
Enterprise Value Component. They vest immediately. If they are retained or
allocated, they are paid out in full or in part, or not paid out, after being
adjusted on the basis of the enterprise value performance. For Covered Virtual
Units, the Executive Board member may receive a further Enterprise Value
Component in the same amount (Matching Virtual Units), corresponding to the
Base Virtual Units.

As arule, the Enterprise Value Component is limited to a maximum amount for
each member of the Executive Board (200% cap, corresponding to around 10%
p.a.). This does not apply to Covered Virtual Units, since the Executive Board
member is also exposed to a risk of loss in this case. If an Executive Board
member is active for a period shorter than his/her period of appointment, the

Supervisory Board should reduce his/her Enterprise Value Component pro rata.
The Enterprise Value Component is forfeited in the event that an Executive
Board member's contract is terminated prematurely at the request of the
Executive Board member or by the company for good cause.

d) Other

The remuneration of the Executive Board does not involve any stock option
program or comparable securities-based incentives. Equally, the members of
the Executive Board do not receive any additional remuneration for their mem-
bership of supervisory bodies of Group companies and investees. Private use
of company cars and accident insurance are taxed as non-cash benefits. There
are no pension commitments for Executive Board activities.

In the event that an Executive Board member's term of office is terminated
prematurely for reasons for which the Executive Board member concerned is
not responsible, the contracts of service limit the severance payment to two
annual salary payments (severance pay cap). In the event of premature termi-
nation of the Executive Board member's term of office other than for good
cause for which the Executive Board member is responsible, the Variable Bonus
(depending on entitlement) and Enterprise Value Component are awarded on
a pro rata basis. No commitments exist in relation to the premature termina-
tion of membership of the Executive Board, especially as a result of a change
of control. Members of the Executive Board did not receive any loans or
advances from the company, nor were any contingent liabilities entered into
in their favor.

Stefan F. Heidenreich, who resigned from the Executive Board by mutual agree-
ment as of December 31, 2018, received fixed remuneration of €1,250 thousand
(previous year: €1,250 thousand) for 2019 up to the end of his contract of ser-
vice on December 31, 2019, and a Variable Bonus for 2019 of €1,250 thousand
(previous year: €1,188 thousand). His long-term bonus based on enterprise
value performance (LTP) was transferred to a pension commitment in the form
of a defined-contribution scheme with full reinsurance.

Ralph Gusko, who resigned from the Executive Board by mutual agreement as
of December 31, 2019, will receive, as per his contract, fixed remuneration of
€500 thousand per year and a Variable Bonus of €400 thousand per year until
the end of his contract of service on June 30, 2022. He will receive his long-term
bonus (LTP) for the eight-and-a-half-year period until the end of his service in
2019. The provisions for his LTP did not increase in 2019; the amount awarded
is covered by the provisions already recognized.


--- Page 42 ---

63
q
Combined Management Report
Remuneration Report

e) Overviews of Individual Executive Board Remuneration
ne EOE ey

TOTAL REMUNERATION OF THE EXECUTIVE BOARD FOR ACTIVITIES IN FISCAL YEAR 2019 (IN € THOUSAND)

Change in provisions

Fixed basic for Enterprise Value

remuneration Variable Bonus Other remuneration* sum Component Total?

2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019
Stefan De Loecker 500 1,000 1,3855 1,390 371 9 2,256 2,399 1,327 2,394 3,583° 4,793
Ralph Gusko (until December 31, 2019) 500 500 360 400 118 254 978 1,154 -826° - 152 1,154
Thomas Ingelfinger 450 450 315 462 8 36 773 948 432 275 1,205 1,223
Zhengrong Liu 500 500 285 417 40 39 825 956 1,061 634 1,886 1,590
Ramon A. Mirt (from March 1, 2019) - 417 - 348 - 1,113¢ - 1,878 - 581 - 2,459”
Asim Naseer (from January 1, 2019) - 500 - 402 - 377 - 1,279 - 529 - 1,808
Dessi Temperley 240 480 158 417 182 15 580 912 182 442 762 1,354
Vincent Warnery 500 500 375 450 33 14 908 964 1,232 1,873 2,140 2,837
Total® 4,180 4,347 4,201 4,286 773 1,857 9,154 10,490 2,093 6,728 11,247 17,218

The following table shows the Virtual Units allocated to the Executive Board
members and the amounts set aside in the years since they were granted in
each case.

VIRTUAL UNITS AND PROVISIONS (IN € THOUSAND)

2018 2019
Base Covered Matching Total amount set Base Covered Matching Total amount set

Virtual Unit Virtual Unit Virtual Unit aside in 2018 Virtual Unit Virtual Unit? Virtual Unit aside in 2019

Stefan De Loecker 12,000 1,250 2,250 661" 40,000 - - 3,055
Ralph Gusko (until December 31, 2019) 10,000 1,900 1,900 4,784" 10,000 1,900 1,900 4,500
Thomas Ingelfinger 5,500 1,270 1,270 2,205 5,500 1,330 1,330 2,480
Zhengrong Liu 10,000 1,950 1,500 3,205 10,000 2,075 1,500 3,839
Ramon A. Mirt (from March 1, 2019) - = - - 12,000 - - 581
Asim Naseer (from January 1, 2019)? - - - - 6,000 1,590 - 529
Dessi Temperley 6,000 438 438 182 6,000 513 513 624
Vincent Warnery 10,000 1,144 2,144 2,5598 10,000 1,219 2,219 4,4328
Total 68,500 18,546 50,096 35,381 99,500 8,627 7,462 20,040

Other remuneration includes the costs of/non-cash benefits arising from non-cash remuneration components and other ancillary benefits, such as the provision of a company car and insurance in line with standard

market terms, including any taxes assumed on these items, and relocation expenses, if any.

Payment of the amounts set aside for Enterprise Value Components included in the total remuneration is linked to a number of preconditions, and in particular to a corresponding sustainable increase in the

company’s enterprise value and to approval of the Executive Board member's actions (see section c) above). The amount set aside for Vincent Warnery already includes an increase in the Enterprise Value

Component, which will be awarded to him from February 1, 2020 with effect as of contract commencement (see also footnote 13).

This figure includes an amount of €1,000 thousand (target amount) awarded to Stefan De Loecker as a multi-year bonus in 2018.

€1,383 thousand of this amount was granted to Stefan De Loecker as remuneration for his activities at Group companies up until June 30, 2018.

The total amounts set aside up to and including 2017 for the Enterprise Value Components awarded to Ralph Gusko were greater than the amount payable to him on his departure. The provisions were thus reversed

accordingly in 2018.

This figure includes an amount of €417 thousand (target amount) awarded to Ramon A. Mirt as a multi-year bonus in 2019. Target achievement is calculated based on the average annual growth rate in accordance

with corporate planning in his regions and also based on the increase in market share throughout his term of office as a member of the Executive Board.

€2,089 thousand of this amount was granted to Ramon A. Mirt as remuneration for his activities at Group companies.

The totals for the previous year additionally include the payments made to members who left the Executive Board in 2018, For Stefan F. Heidenreich - fixed basic remuneration: €1,250 thousand,

Variable Bonus: €1,188 thousand, other remuneration: €12 thousand, total: €2,450 thousand, change in provisions for Enterprise Value Component: €-1,262 thousand, total: €1,188 thousand.

For Jesper Andersen - fixed basic remuneration: €240 thousand, Variable Bonus: €135 thousand, other remuneration: €9 thousand, total: €384 thousand, change in provisions for Enterprise Value Component:

€-53 thousand, total: €331 thousand,

This figure includes both the Covered Virtual Units acquired by way of personal investment and the following Covered Virtual Units granted in 2019 by way of allocation: Thomas Ingelfinger €60 thousand;

Asim Naseer €90 thousand; Zhengrong Liu €125 thousand; Dessi Temperley €75 thousand; Vincent Warnery €75 thousand,

"® Stefan De Loecker was paid a share of the Enterprise Value Component amounting to €2,986 thousand in 2018, as contractually agreed. This was taken into account in the total amount for which a provision

was recognized in 2018,

This figure includes the personal investments made in the form of retained bonus payments due under the Variable Bonus.

® The figures for the Virtual Units for Asim Naseer are based on the target amounts of the long-term Enterprise Value Components awarded to him. The notional share of the enterprise value was thus calculated
mathematically.

* This already includes an increase in the Covered Virtual Units to €2,000 thousand and an increase in the Matching Virtual Units to €4,000 thousand, which will be awarded to Vincent Warnery from February 1, 2020
with effect as of contract commencement.

* The totals additionally include the payments made to members who left the Executive Board in 2018. For Stefan F. Heidenreich - Base Virtual Unit: €10,000 thousand, Covered Virtual Unit: €10,000 thousand,

Matching Virtual Unit: €40,000 thousand, total amount set aside in 2018: €21,000 thousand. For Jesper Andersen ~ Base Virtual Unit: €5,000 thousand, Covered Virtual Unit: €594 thousand, Matching Virtual Unit:

€594 thousand, total amount set aside in 2018: €785 thousand.


--- Page 43 ---

64
T
Combined Management Report
Remuneration Report

The following tables show the benefits granted and allocations for each recommendations of section 4.2.5 (3) and (4) of the German Corporate
member of the Executive Board in fiscal year 2019 in accordance with the Governance Code in the version dated February 7, 2017.

BENEFITS GRANTED AND ALLOCATIONS FOR EXECUTIVE BOARD MEMBERS (IN € THOUSAND)

Stefan De Loecker
Chairman of the Executive Board (since January 1, 2019)
Date joined: July 1, 2014

Benefits granted Allocation
2018 2019 2019 2019

Target amount Target amount (min. p.a.) (max. p.a.) 2018 2019

Fixed remuneration 500 1,000 1,000 1,000 500 1,000

Fringe benefits/ancillary benefits*® 371 9 9 9 371 9

Total 871 1,009 1,009 1,009 871 1,009

Variable Bonus 400 1,000 - 2,000 460 1,390
Multi-year variable remuneration

Multi-year Bonus 2018 (term January 1, 2017 - December 31, 2018) 1,000 - - - 925 -

LTP - Base Virtual Unit?” 550 2,000 - 4,000 2,250 -

LTP - Covered Virtual Unit?” 139 - - - 480 -

LTP - Matching Virtual Unit®” 39 - - - 256 -

Total fixed and variable remuneration 2,999 4,009 1,009 7,009 5,242 2,399

Service cost - - - - - -

Total remuneration®? 2,999 4,009 1,009 5,242 2,399
SS
Ralph Gusko
Member of the Executive Board (until December 31, 2019)
Date joined: July 1, 2011
Benefits granted Allocation?s
2018 2019 2019 2019
Target amount Target amount (min. p.a.) (max. p.a.) 2018 2019

Fixed remuneration 500 500 500 500 500 500
Fringe benefits/ancillary benefits*® 118 254 254 254 118 254
Total 618 754 754 754 618 754
Variable Bonus 400 400 400 400 360 400
Multi-year variable remuneration

LTP - Base Virtual Unit?” 500 - - - - 1,600

LTP - Covered Virtual Unit?” 245 - - - 284 550

LTP - Matching Virtual Unit?” 95 - - - - 100
Total fixed and variable remuneration 1,858 1,154 1,154 1,154 1,262 3,404
Service cost - - - - - -
Total remuneration 1,858 1,154 1,154 1,262 3,404

* The allocations include fixed basic remuneration and other remuneration as well as the Variable Bonus paid once actions have been approved by the following year’s Annual General Meeting. Multi-year bonuses and
LIP are reported as allocations in the fiscal year in which the relevant term or bonus period expires; actual payment takes place only once actions have been approved by the following year's Annual General Meeting
* The ancillary benefits include the costs of/non-cash benefits arising from non-cash remuneration components and other ancillary benefits (see footnote 1).
” The terms of the LTP are as follows: for Stefan De Loecker from 2014 and from 2019 to after the 2024 Annual General Meeting; for Ralph Gusko from 2011 to after the 2020 and 2022 Annual General Meeting
(50% each of the total amount set aside for the Enterprise Value Component).
* Covered Virtual Units are not capped because the Executive Board member is also exposed to a risk of loss. For presentation reasons, however, the minimum values are shown as €0 and the maximum values
are capped at 200%,
* Of these total amounts, the following amounts were awarded/paid to Stefan De Loecker as remuneration for his activities at Group companies up until June 30, 2018: €1,219 thousand (target amount),
€746 thousand (min. p.a.), €1,625 thousand (max. p.a.), €2,335 (allocation),


--- Page 44 ---

65
q

Combined Management Report

Remuneration Report

BENEFITS GRANTED AND ALLOCATIONS FOR EXECUTIVE BOARD MEMBERS (IN € THOUSAND, CONTINUED)

Thomas Ingelfinger
Member of the Executive Board
Date joined: July 1, 2014

Benefits granted Allocation?”
2018 2019 2019 2019

Target amount Target amount (min. p.a.) (max. p.a.) 2018 2019

Fixed remuneration 450 450 450 450 450 450

Fringe benefits/ancillary benefits 8 36 36 36 8 36

Total 458 486 486 486 458 486

Variable Bonus 350 350 - 700 315 462
Multi-year variable remuneration

LTP - Base Virtual Unit” 275 275 - 550 - -

LTP - Covered Virtual Unit®2® 124 127 - 193 - -

LTP - Matching Virtual Unit? 64 67 - 133 - -

Total fixed and variable remuneration 1,271 1,305 486 2,062 773 948

Service cost - - - - - -

Total remuneration 1,271 1,305 486 2,062 773 948

Zhengrong Liu

Member of the Executive Board/Labor Relations Director

Date joined: July 1, 2014

Benefits granted Allocation”?
2018 2019 2019 2019

Target amount Target amount (min. p.a.) (max. p.a.) 2018 2019

Fixed remuneration 500 500 500 500 500 500

Fringe benefits/ancillary benefits 40 39 39 39 40 39

Total 540 539 539 539 540 539

Variable Bonus 300 300 - 600 285 417
Multi-year variable remuneration

LTP - Base Virtual Unit? 500 500 - 1,000 - -

LTP - Covered Virtual Unit? 223 229 - 333 - -

LTP - Matching Virtual Unit? 75 75 - 150 - -

Total fixed and variable remuneration 1,638 1,643 539 2,622 825 956

Service cost - - - - - -

Total remuneration 1,638 1,643 539 2,622 825 956

* See footnote 15 on the reporting of remuneration components as allocation.

*" The ancillary benefits include the costs of/non-cash benefits arising from non-cash remuneration components and other ancillary benefits (see footnote 1).

® The terms of the LTP are as follows: for Thomas Ingelfinger from 2014 to after the 2023 Annual General Meeting; for Zhengrong Liu from 2014 to after the 2024 Annual General Meeting.
5 See footnote 18 on the reporting of the Covered Virtual Units.


--- Page 45 ---

66
T

Combined Management Report

Remuneration Report

BENEFITS GRANTED AND ALLOCATIONS FOR EXECUTIVE BOARD MEMBERS (IN € THOUSAND, CONTINUED)

Ramon A. Mirt
Member of the Executive Board
Date joined: March 1, 2019

Benefits granted Allocation
2018 2019 2019 2019
Target amount Target amount (min. p.a.) (max. p.a.) 2018 2019
Fixed remuneration - 417 417 417 - 417
Fringe benefits/ancillary benefits®> - 696 696 696 - 696
Total - 1,113 1,113 1,113 - 1,113
Variable Bonus - 250 - 500 - 348
Multi-year variable remuneration
Multi-year Bonus 2019 (term January 1, 2019 - December 31, 2024) - 417 - 833 - -
LTP = Base Virtual Unit?® - 500 - 1,000 - -
LTP = Covered Virtual Unit?”” - - - - - -
LTP - Matching Virtual Unit?® - - - - - -
Total fixed and variable remuneration - 2,280 1,113 3,446 - 1,461
Service cost - - - - - -
Total remuneration” - 2,280 1,113 3,446 - 1,461

Asim Naseer
Member of the Executive Board
Date joined: January 1, 2019

Benefits granted Allocation”*
2018 2019 2019 2019

Target amount Target amount (min. p.a.) (max. p.a.) 2018 2019

Fixed remuneration - 500 500 500 - 500

Fringe benefits/ancillary benefits®® - 377 377 377 - 377

Total - 877 877 877 - 877

Variable Bonus - 300 - 600 - 402
Multi-year variable remuneration

LTP - Base Virtual Unit? - 300 - 600 - -

LTP - Covered Virtual Unit2*7 - 170 - 249 - -

LTP = Matching Virtual Unit2® - - - - - -

Total fixed and variable remuneration - 1,647 877 2,326 - 1,279

Service cost - - - - - -

Total remuneration - 1,647 877 2,326 - 1,279

** See footnote 15 on the reporting of remuneration components as allocation.

* The ancillary benefits include the costs of/non-cash benefits arising from non-cash remuneration components and other ancillary benefits (see footnote 1)
* The terms of the LTP are as follows: for Ramon A. Mirt from 2018 to after the 2025 Annual General Meeting; for Asim Naseer from 2018 to after the 2023 Annual General Meeting,

7” See footnote 18 on the reporting of the Covered Virtual Units.

* Of these total amounts, €1,910 thousand/target amount, €743 thousand/min. p.a. and €3,076 thousand/max. p.a. were granted and €1,091 thousand/allocation paid to Ramon A. Mirt as remuneration for his activities

at Group companies.


--- Page 46 ---

67
q
Combined Management Report
Remuneration Report

BENEFITS GRANTED AND ALLOCATIONS FOR EXECUTIVE BOARD MEMBERS (IN € THOUSAND, CONTINUED)

Dessi Temperley

Member of the Executive Board/CFO

Date joined: July 1, 2018

Benefits granted Allocation?
2018 2019 2019 2019

Target amount Target amount (min. p.a.) (max. p.a.) 2018 2019

Fixed remuneration 240 480 480 480 240 480

Fringe benefits/ancillary benefits? 182 15 15 15 182 15

Total 422 495 495 495 422 495

Variable Bonus 150 300 - 600 158 417
Multi-year variable remuneration

LTP - Base Virtual Unit? 150 300 - 600 - -

LTP - Covered Virtual Unit?!2 49 101 - 126 - -

LTP = Matching Virtual Unit? 11 26 - 51 - -

Total fixed and variable remuneration 782 1,222 495 1,872 580 912

Service cost - - - - - -

Total remuneration 782 1,222 495 1,872 580 912

Vincent Warnery
Member of the Executive Board
Date joined: February 15, 2017

Benefits granted Allocation®
2018 2019 2019 2019

Target amount Target amount (min. p.a.) (max. p.a.) 2018 2019

Fixed remuneration 500 500 500 500 500 500

Fringe benefits/ancillary benefits” 33 14 14 14 33 14

Total 533 514 514 514 533 514

Variable Bonus 300 300 - 600 375 450
Multi-year variable remuneration

LTP - Base Virtual Unit? 500 500 - 1,000 - -

LTP - Covered Virtual Unit?!2 132 136 - 197 - -

LTP - Matching Virtual Unit? 107 1 - 222 - -

Total fixed and variable remuneration 1,572 1,561 514 2,533 908 964

Service cost - - - - - -

Total remuneration 1,572 1,561 514 2,533 908 964

* See footnote 15 on the reporting of remuneration components as allocation.

*° The ancillary benefits include the costs of/non-cash benefits arising from non-cash remuneration components and other ancillary benefits (see footnote 1).

*' The terms of the LTP are as follows: for Dessi Temperley from 2018 to after the 2022 Annual General Meeting; for Vincent Warnery from 2017 to after the 2023 Annual General Meeting.
* See footnote 18 on the reporting of the Covered Virtual Units.

f) Former Members of the Executive Board and Their Surviving

Dependents

Payments to former members of the Executive Board and their surviving de-
pendents totaled €4,523 thousand (previous year: €3,769 thousand). Provi-
sions for pension commitments to former members of the Executive Board and
their surviving dependents totaled €58,588 thousand (previous year:

€36,822 thousand).


--- Page 47 ---

T

Combined Management Report
Remuneration Report

2. Remuneration of the Supervisory Board

The remuneration of the Supervisory Board (§ 15 of the Articles of Association)
takes into account the responsibilities and scope of tasks of the individual mem-
bers of the Supervisory Board as well as the company’s economic situation.

Based on a resolution by the Annual General Meeting on April 25, 2018,
Supervisory Board remuneration was revised effective July 1, 2018, in § 15 of
the Articles of Association, taking into account the recommendations of the
German Corporate Governance Code. Among other changes, Supervisory
Board members will no longer receive variable remuneration components in
future. Their remuneration will consist solely of fixed remuneration components.

Remuneration for the period since July 1, 2018, is subject to the provisions of
the Articles of Association in the version dated April 25, 2018. In addition to
being reimbursed for cash expenses, Supervisory Board members receive fixed

remuneration of €85,000 and an attendance fee of €1,000 for Supervisory
Board and committee meetings. The Chairman of the Supervisory Board
receives two-and-a-half times the fixed remuneration and his deputy within
the meaning of § 12 (1) sentence 1 of the Articles of Association receives
one-and-a-half times the fixed remuneration.

Members of committees - with the exception of the Nomination Committee
and the committee set up in accordance with § 27 (3) Mitbestimmungsgesetz
(German Codetermination Act, MitbestG) - receive additional compensation
of €20,000 for each full fiscal year for their work on these committees. From
July 1, 2018, this amount is doubled for members of the Audit Committee. The
chairman of a Supervisory Board committee receives two-and-a-half times the
standard remuneration for a Supervisory Board member. If a member of the
Supervisory Board simultaneously holds several offices for which increased
remuneration is granted, he or she shall only receive the remuneration for the
highest-paying office.

———_—_—_—_—_—_—_—_
TOTAL REMUNERATION OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD FOR ACTIVITIES IN FISCAL YEAR 2019 (IN €)'

Fixed Attendance fees Committee fees Total
2018° 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019
Hong Chow 85,000 85,000 9,000 6,000 13,753 20,000 107,753 111,000
Frank Ganschow (until April 17, 2019) 85,000 24,918 5,500 4,000 - - 90,500 28,918
Reiner Hansert 85,000 85,000 15,000 18,000 30,082 40,000 130,082 143,000
Martin Hansson (Deputy Chairman) 87,678 127,500 14,000 21,000 - - 101,678 148,500
Michael Herz 85,000 85,000 8,500 11,000 20,000 20,000 113,500 116,000
Thorsten Irtz (until April 17, 2019) 127,500 37,377 8,000 2,000 - - 135,500 39,377
Jan Koltze (since April 17, 2019) - 60,315 - 5,000 - - - 65,315
Matthias Locher (until April 17, 2019) 85,000 24,918 5,500 4,000 - - 90,500 28,918
Dr. Dr. Christine Martel 85,000 85,000 9,500 16,000 70,247 100,000 164,747 201,000
Tomas Nieber (until April 17, 2019) 85,000 24,918 10,000 2,000 30,082 11,726 125,082 38,644
Olaf Papier (since April 17, 2019) - 60,315 - 8,000 - 14,192 - 82,507
Frédéric Pflanz (since April 25, 2018
and previously until April 25, 2019) 40,171 60,315 3,000 5,000 - - 43,171 65,315
Prof. Dr. Reinhard Péllath (Chairman) 212,500 212,500 15,500 21,000 - - 228,000 233,500
Prof. Manuela Rousseau
(Deputy Chairwoman since April 17, 2019) 85,000 115,158 9,000 9,000 13,753 5,863 107,753 130,021
Regina Schillings (since April 17, 2019) - 60,315 - 9,000 - 28,384 - 97,699
Poul Weihrauch (until April 17, 2019) 85,000 24,918 1,000 1,000 - - 86,000 25,918
Kirstin Weiland (since April 17, 2019) - 60,315 - 7,000 - 14,192 - 81,507
Total 1,232,849 1,233,782 113,500 149,000 177,917 254,357 1,524,266 1,637,139

Presented exclusive of value added tax.

* Until June 30, 2018, the Supervisory Board members received a variable, dividend-based remuneration component geared towards sustainable enterprise performance. For presentation purposes, this variable

remuneration is included in the fixed remuneration for 2018.

Members of the Supervisory Board did not receive any loans or advances
from the company, nor were any contingent liabilities entered into in their favor.
In addition, members of the Supervisory Board did not receive any compensation
or benefits for services provided ona personal basis, such as advisory or agency
services.


--- Page 48 ---

69

T

Combined Management Report
Report by the Executive Board on Dealings among Group Companies | Disclosures Pursuant to Takeover Law

Report by the Executive Board on
Dealings among Group Companies

In accordance with § 312 Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation Act, AktG),
the Executive Board has issued a report on dealings among Group companies
which contains the following concluding declaration: “According to the circum-
stances known to us at the time transactions were executed or measures were
taken or not taken, Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft received appropriate consid-
eration for every transaction and has not been disadvantaged by the fact that
measures were taken or not taken.”

Disclosures Pursuant to Takeover Law

The disclosures required under § 315a (1) Handelsgesetzbuch (German
Commercial Code, HGB) and § 289a (1) HGB are presented below.

Please refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the dis-
closures on the composition of the subscribed capital and the disclosures on
direct or indirect interests in the share capital exceeding 10% of the voting rights.

The appointment and removal from office of members of the Executive Board
are governed by §§ 84 and 85 AktG, § 31 Mitbestimmungsgesetz (German
Codetermination Act, MitbestG), and § 7 of the Articles of Association. In
accordance with § 7 (1) of the Articles of Association, the Executive Board
consists of at least three members; apart from this provision, the Supervisory
Board determines the number of members of the Executive Board. The Arti-
cles of Association may be amended in accordance with §§ 179 and 133 AktG
and with § 16 of the Articles of Association. Under § 16 (1) of the Articles of
Association, the Supervisory Board is authorized to resolve amendments and
additions to the Articles of Association that concern the latter’s wording only.
Under § 5 (6) of the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board is author-
ized in particular to amend and reformulate § 5 of the Articles of Association
(Share Capital) following each utilization of authorized or contingent capital.

The Annual General Meeting on March 31, 2015, authorized the Executive Board
to increase the share capital with the approval of the Supervisory Board in the
period until March 30, 2020, by up to a total of €92 million (Authorized Capital |:
€42 million; Authorized Capital II: €25 million; Authorized Capital Ill: €25 million)
by issuing new no-par-value bearer shares on one or several occasions. In this
context, the dividend rights for new shares may be determined in deviation
from § 60 (2) AktG.

Shareholders must be granted preemptive rights. However, the Executive Board
is authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to disapply share-
holders’ preemptive rights in the following cases:

1. to eliminate fractions created as a result of capital increases against cash
contributions (Authorized Capital |, Il, IID;

2. to the extent necessary to grant the holders/creditors of convertible bonds
or bonds with warrants issued by Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft, or companies
in which it holds a direct or indirect majority interest, rights to subscribe for
new shares in the amount to which they would be entitled after exercising
their conversion or option rights, or after fulfilling their conversion obligation
(Authorized Capital |, Il, III);

w

if the total amount of share capital attributable to the new shares for which
preemptive rights are to be disapplied does not exceed 10% of the share
capital existing at the time this authorization comes into effect or - in the
event that this amount is lower - at the time the new shares are issued and
the issue price of the new shares is not materially lower than the quoted
market price of the existing listed shares at the time when the issue price is
finalized, which should be as near as possible to the time the shares are
placed. If, during the term of the authorized capital, other authorizations to
issue or sell shares in the company or to issue rights that enable or oblige
the holder to subscribe for shares in the company are exercised while dis-
applying preemptive rights pursuant to or in accordance with § 186 (3)
sentence 4 AktG, this must be counted toward the above-mentioned 10%
limit (Authorized Capital II);

i

.in the case of capital increases against non-cash contributions for the
purpose of acquiring companies, business units of companies, or equity
interests in companies (Authorized Capital III).

The Executive Board may only exercise the above authorizations to disapply
preemptive rights to the extent that the total proportionate interest in the share
capital attributable to the shares issued while disapplying preemptive rights
does not exceed 20% of the share capital at the time these authorizations
become effective or at the time these authorizations are exercised. If other
authorizations to issue or sell shares in the company or to issue rights that
enable or oblige the holder to subscribe for shares in the company are exer-
cised while disapplying preemptive rights during the term of the authorized
capital until such time as it is utilized, this must be counted towards the
above-mentioned limit.


--- Page 49 ---

70

T

Combined Management Report
Disclosures Pursuant to Takeover Law

The Executive Board was also authorized to determine the further details
of the capital increase and its implementation with the approval of the
Supervisory Board.

In addition, the Annual General Meeting on March 31, 2015, resolved to contin-
gently increase the share capital by up to a total of €42 million, composed of
up to 42 million no-par-value bearer shares. The contingent capital increase
will be implemented only to the extent that:

. the holders or creditors of conversion and/or option rights attached to
convertible bonds and/or bonds with warrants issued in the period until
March 30, 2020, by Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft, or companies in which
it holds a direct or indirect majority interest, choose to exercise their
conversion or option rights, or

2.the holders or creditors of convertible bonds giving rise to a conversion
obligation issued in the period until March 30, 2020, by Beiersdorf Aktien-
gesellschaft, or companies in which it holds a direct or indirect majority
interest, comply with such obligation,

and the contingent capital is required for this in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the bonds.

The new shares bear dividend rights from the beginning of the fiscal year in
which they are created as a result of the exercise of conversion or option rights,
or as a result of compliance with a conversion obligation.

The Executive Board was authorized to determine the further details of the
implementation of a contingent capital increase.

The Annual General Meeting on March 31, 2015, also authorized the company
in accordance with § 71 (1) no. 8 AktG to purchase own shares in the total
amount of up to 10% of the existing share capital in the period up to March 30,
2020. The shares shall be purchased via the stock exchange or via a public pur-
chase offer addressed to all shareholders, or a public invitation to tender shares.
The Annual General Meeting authorized the Executive Board to sell in whole
or in part the own shares purchased on the basis of the above-mentioned or a
prior authorization with the approval of the Supervisory Board while disapply-
ing the shareholders’ preemptive rights, including in a way other than via the
stock exchange or via a purchase offer to all shareholders, to the extent that
these shares are sold for cash at a price that does not fall materially below the

market price of the same class of shares of the company at the time of the sale.
The Executive Board was also authorized to sell in whole or in part the own
shares acquired in accordance with the above-mentioned or a previous author-
ization with the approval of the Supervisory Board against non-cash consider-
ation while disapplying the preemptive rights of shareholders, particularly to
utilize them as consideration or partial consideration in the context of a merger
or the acquisition of companies, equity interests in companies (including
increases in equity interests), or business units of companies. Moreover, the
Executive Board is authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to
utilize these own shares in whole or in part, while disapplying the preemptive
rights of shareholders, in order to satisfy the subscription and/or conversion
rights from convertible bonds and/or bonds with warrants issued by the com-
pany or companies in which it holds a direct or indirect majority interest. The
Executive Board is further authorized, in the event that own shares are sold to
all shareholders, to disapply the preemptive rights of shareholders where this
is necessary to eliminate any fractions that may arise. The Executive Board may
only make use of the above authorizations to disapply preemptive rights when
utilizing own shares to the extent that the total proportion of shares utilized
without preemptive rights does not exceed 20% of the share capital either at
the time of the resolution by the Annual General Meeting or at the time these
authorizations are exercised. If, during the term of this authorization to utilize
own shares, other authorizations to issue or sell shares in the company or to
issue rights that enable or oblige the holder to acquire shares in the company
are exercised while disapplying preemptive rights, this must be counted toward
the above-mentioned limit.

Finally, the Executive Board was authorized to retire the own shares acquired
in accordance with the above-mentioned or a prior authorization with the
approval of the Supervisory Board without requiring an additional resolution
by the Annual General Meeting.

The creation of the authorized and contingent capital is intended to put the
company in the position of being able to react to growth opportunities and
capital market opportunities quickly and flexibly. The authorization to purchase
and utilize own shares enables the company in particular to also offer shares
in the company to institutional or other investors and/or to expand the share-
holder base of the company, as well as to utilize the purchased own shares as
consideration or partial consideration for the acquisition of companies or equity
interests in companies (including increases in equity interests), or as part of a
merger, i.e. against non-cash consideration.
