

--- Page 1 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

1.1 Strategy

Last year saw the launch of the new RWE: our asset swap with E.ON has turned us into one of the world’s leading
renewable energy companies. We are now an all-rounder in electricity generation and are leading the field in the
creation of a sustainable energy system. For as long as necessary, we will ensure security of supply with our flexible
power plants. Sustainable power production must be carbon neutral. We intend to meet this ambition as early as

2040. To this end, every year, we will invest

lions in wind and solar power as well as in energy storage. And, we will

play our part by exiting from coal-based electricity generation early in a socially acceptable manner.

The new RWE: focus on sustainable power generation
and energy trading. Our company has repositioned itself
fundamentally over the last few years. At the beginning of
this transformation process, RWE was still an integrated
utility, which was active along the entire energy value chain.
Now, we are a company specialising in power production
and energy trading that wants to make a contribution to the
substantial transformation of the energy sector on the
strength of almost carbon-free electricity generation that is
both secure and affordable.

The road to the new RWE began in 2016 when we pooled
the Renewables, Grid & Infrastructure and Retail divisions in
anew subsidiary called innogy and took it to the stock
market. One-and-a-half years later, in early 2018, we
agreed an extensive asset swap with E.ON, which has since
largely been completed. As part of the transaction, we sold
our 76.8% investment in innogy in September 2019 and
received in return E.ON’s renewable energy business,

a 16.67% stake in E.ON, and the minority interests in our
nuclear power stations Gundremmigen (25 %) and Emsland
(12.5%) held by the E.ON subsidiary PreussenElektra. The
final step will be the legal transfer of certain innogy
operations back to RWE: the renewable energy business,
the German and Czech gas storage facilities, and a 37.9%
stake in the Austrian energy utility Kelag. They have been
recognised in the item ‘innogy - continuing operations in the
consolidated financial statements. We provide detailed
commentary on the asset swap with E.ON on page 45.

Outstanding starting position in renewable energy. The
renewable energy operations of E.ON and innogy under the
RWE umbrella have turned us into a world leading producer
of electricity from renewable sources. At the end of 2019,
we had a renewable energy portfolio with a total capacity
of 9.9 GW. This is the generation capacity allocable to us on
a prorated basis, i.e. in accordance with the stakes that we
hold. Onshore and offshore wind farms account for the
largest share of this: 8.6 GW. We are the world No. 2 in

28

offshore wind. In addition to existing assets, we have
acquired a large number of growth projects in various
stages of development. Here again, the focus is on wind,
followed by photovoltaics. Electricity production from
renewables will clearly be our strongest income generator.
It will account for more than half of our adjusted EBITDA as
early as 2020.

Our goal by 2040: RWE will become carbon neutral. We
continued to develop our strategy concurrently to the
implementation of the asset swap with E.ON and set
ourselves ambitious goals in terms of lowering our
greenhouse gas emissions. RWE reduced its annual carbon
dioxide emissions by 51% from 2012 to 2019. By 2030,
we plan to have lowered them by 75%. The phaseout of
electricity generation from coal will play a central role. By
2040, we want to have converted enough of our power
plant portfolio to achieve our goal of being carbon neutral.
To this end, we will rapidly expand renewable energy, make
more use of storage technologies and use CO>-neutral fuel
to produce electricity. This strategic alignment is also
reflected in RWE's brand. Our purpose, ‘Our energy for a
sustainable life’, is an expression of the determination of the
RWE Group and its approximately 20,000 employees to
ensure a sustainable energy system.

Fast growth in wind and solar power. The most important
element of our strategy is shifting our focus to make
increased use of renewable energy sources. The asset
swap with E.ON gives us an excellent starting position, which
we will strengthen rapidly. We want to increase our wind
and solar capacity, which totalled 8.7 GW (pro-rata) at the
end of 2019, to over 13 GW by the end of 2022. We plan
to invest a net €1.5 billion to €2.0 billion on this every year.
Reinvesting proceeds from the sale of stakes in projects
could actually cause the gross expenditure to be much
higher. Our technological focus rests on wind energy and
photovoltaics. Geographically, we will concentrate on
markets in Europe, the Americas and the Asia-Pacific region.


--- Page 2 ---

Combined review of operations > Strategy

At present, our largest construction project is the 860 MW
Triton Knoll offshore wind farm off the eastern coast of
England, for which innogy secured a guaranteed payment
of £74.75/MWh. We are also building huge onshore wind
farms, e.g. Big Raymond and Cranell in the US state of
Texas, which will have total capacities of 440 MW and

220 MW, respectively. In 2020, we want to commission our
Limondale solar farm in New South Wales, Australia. With an
installed capacity of 349 MWp, it will be the most powerful
installation of its kind in the country. We will maintain the
integrated business model pursued by innogy and E.ON to
date, meaning that our new projects will cover the entire
value chain from development to construction and operation
wherever possible.

High-capacity storage: prerequisite for 100% electricity
generation from renewables. Expanding renewable energy
is not enough. Electricity generated by wind and solar power
greatly depends on the weather, time of day and season.
Sometimes, power produced from renewable sources only
covers a fraction of demand, and at other times, it exceeds
local needs to such an extent that it actually has to be
throttled. Consequently, storage technologies are increasingly
coming to the fore as renewable energy continues to be
expanded. They do not yet meet the technical and economic
requirements for large-scale use to secure supply. But we
are working on changing the situation. In several research
and development projects, we are dedicating ourselves to
Power-to-Gas technologies, which convert green electricity
to hydrogen and then use this gas as a carbon-neutral
commodity. For example, we joined forces with gas network
operators and industrial enterprises in the Get Hp initiative
to put the production, storage, transport and use of
hydrogen to the test on an industrial scale at our power
plant site in Lingen (see page 36). In addition to Power-to-Gas
and thermal or mechanical storage concepts, batteries can
also help to mitigate fluctuations in renewable energy. RWE
is already involved in the development and construction of
battery storage facilities, which is a business we are expanding.

29

ity generation: growing significance
of gas as a source of energy. Building the storage

Conventional electri

infrastructure required for a nationwide supply of green
electricity is a task that will take decades, not years to
accomplish. Therefore, power stations capable of offsetting
fluctuating wind and solar power feed-ins will remain
necessary for the foreseeable future. With our conventional
generation capacity, we are making an indispensable
contribution to the reliable and tailored supply of electricity
in our core markets in Germany, the United Kingdom and
the Benelux region. Our gas-fired power stations, most of
which are state-of-the-art, are especially well suited to
partner with renewable energy because they emit little carbon
dioxide and their output can be adapted to load fluctuations
in the grid very quickly. In terms of generation capacity, gas
is already our major conventional source of energy, and its
share of our power plant portfolio is expected to increase
further. However, we believe the greatest potential for
growth is currently harboured by the acquisition of existing
stations. New builds are usually unprofitable at present,
unless the assets receive guaranteed payments under the
German Combined Heat and Power Act or as a result of
invitations to tender from the network operators.

Conversely, coal and nuclear power stations will increasingly
lose importance within our generation portfolio. In Germany,
nuclear energy is subject to a phaseout roadmap, which
stipulates a latest possible shutdown date for every single
plant. Two RWE nuclear power stations are still online:
Gundremmingen C and Emsland. We can operate these
assets until the end of 2021 and the end of 2022,
respectively, after which they must be closed. Thereafter,
our nuclear operations will largely be limited to safe and
efficient dismantling. In addition, we are exploring how to
continue to make use of the locations of our power plants in
the energy business.

Permission to use coal as a source of energy is also likely to
end in the foreseeable future. All three countries in which RWE
has coal-fired power stations already have concrete phaseout
roadmaps. The United Kingdom has set its sights on the
earliest exit year, which is 2024. Aberthaw B, the last RWE
hard coal-fired power plant in operation there, was taken
offline in December 2019 so that it can be decommissioned
early.


--- Page 3 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

The Netherlands intend to phase out coal by the end of
2029. This has been enshrined in law since last year. We
currently have two hard coal-fired power plants there,

Amer 9 and Eemshaven, which will have to be converted to
run on alternative fuels or shut down after 2024 and 2029,
respectively. Thanks to state subsidies, we have begun to
co-fire biomass in both these stations. Moreover, we will
explore whether we can run them solely on this energy fuel in
the long run.

At the beginning of 2020, the German government
presented a draft law on the country’s exit from coal, which
orients itself towards the recommendations of the Growth,
Structural Change and Employment Commission. The
roadmap envisages the country gradually reducing the
number of coal power plants to zero by 2038. The draft law
also mandates the early closure of lignite-fired power
stations in the Rhenish coal mining region, on which we
reached an agreement with the government following
lengthy negotiations. Detailed information can be found on
pages 42 et seqq. The exit roadmap makes it possible to
have a reliable regulatory framework, within which we can
work towards carbon-neutral electricity generation by
2040. However, it also poses major social and operational
challenges, mainly relating to our lignite business in the
Rhineland. For example, we have to end our opencast
mining activities in Hambach early, which will be extremely
expensive as this will involve maintaining Hambach Forest.
Furthermore, we are forced to implement major layoffs
and redundancy programmes for the affected employees.
We managed to negotiate a total of €2.6 billion in
compensation with the government, but we will have to
cover some of the additional costs ourselves.

Germany's coal phaseout will accelerate structural change
in the Rhenish lignite mining region substantially. We intend
to play an active role in shaping this change and help to
ensure that the energy industry continues to prosper in the
region. Some recultivation land is very well suited for the
expansion of renewable energy. Three innogy onshore wind
farms are already located there. We also intend to continue
developing our power plant sites. For example, there are
plans to build an innovation, technology and commercial
park in Frimmersdorf and the surrounding area. We will
perform test drillings at the Weisweiler site within the scope
of an EU project in order to determine whether the location's
geothermal activity is suitable for generating district heat
(see pages 34 et seq,). In addition, we will thoroughly explore
Power-to-Gas technology at the Niederaussem Innovation
Centre, where we have been operating an electrolyser for
producing hydrogen since 2013.

30

Supply & Trading - commercial hub for the generation
business. Energy trading is part of RWE’s core business.

It forms the economic link between the elements of our
value chain, the regional markets and the various energy
commodities. It is overseen by the Group company

RWE Supply & Trading, which focuses on trading
electricity, gas, coal, oil, biomass, and CO; certificates.
RWE Supply & Trading mainly conducts these activities from
Europe as well as via subsidiaries in New York, Singapore
and Beijing. Another of the Group company’s activities
consists of marketing the electricity from RWE power
stations and procuring the fuel and emission allowances
required to produce it. The objective here is to limit price
risks. On top of that, RWE Supply & Trading is in charge of the
commercial optimisation of our power plant dispatch.
However, the generation segments are entitled to the
resulting earnings, which is why we report them in those
segments. Companies outside of the RWE Group can also
benefit from the expertise of our trading business. They are
offered a wide range of products and services, running the
gamut from traditional energy supply contracts and
comprehensive energy management solutions to
sophisticated risk management concepts. In addition,

RWE Supply & Trading makes minor investments in energy
assets or energy companies, for which value-enhancing
measures can be taken in order to realise high returns
upon resale (referred to as principal investments). At the
end of 2019, RWE Supply & Trading had a portfolio of seven
principal investments, four of which are in the USA.

Intermediary trading and storage of gas harbour
additional earnings potential. Another string to

RWE Supply & Trading’s bow is the gas business. This is an
area in which the company aims to establish itself as a
leading European intermediary. The company already
supplies gas to numerous companies inside and outside of the
RWE Group. To this end, it enters into long-term supply
agreements with producers, organises gas transportation
by booking pipelines and optimises the timing of deliveries
using leased gas storage facilities. The greater the size
and diversification of the procurement and supply
portfolios, the greater the chances to commercially optimise
them. RWE Supply & Trading also concludes transactions
involving liquefied natural gas (LNG). The main objective is
to take advantage of differences in price between regional
gas markets which are not connected via pipelines.


--- Page 4 ---

Combined review of operations > Strategy

The asset swap with E.ON further expands our gas business.
We will receive eleven gas storage facilities from our former
subsidiary innogy: five in Germany with a total capacity of
1.6 billion cubic metres and six in the Czech Republic with a
total capacity of 2.7 billion cubic metres. In 2020, we will
start reporting income from the management of these
assets in the Supply & Trading segment. Due to regulatory
restrictions these storage facilities will not be owned by
RWE Supply & Trading, but by legally independent Group
companies, which lease them to companies such as

RWE Supply & Trading. The lessees use the storage facilities
for timing arbitrage transactions. They are filled in the warm
months, when little gas is needed to heat buildings, and
gradually emptied in the cold season, when demand is high.
The income achieved through such arbitrage transactions
and, in turn, storage capacity auctions depends on the
seasonal differences in gas prices. The differences in price
between summer and winter gas are much smaller today
than they have been in the past. This applies above all to
the German market, which currently has an oversupply of
storage capacity. A recovery of margins is not in sight.
However, we believe that periods of scarcity and price spikes
will become more frequent again in the long run, in part due
to rising demand for gas used to generate electricity. This is
something from which we would benefit two-fold, both as
user and as owner of the storage facilities.

Attractive investment portfolio increases financial
strength. RWE's business operations are supplemented
by a portfolio of financial investments in energy companies,
which we believe will be a reliable source of substantial
income. The largest position is the stake in E.ON, which we
received as part of the asset swap. It amounted to 16.7%
when it was acquired in September 2019. We reduced it to
15% shortly thereafter. Our investment portfolio also
includes a 25.1% share of the German transmission system
operator Amprion and the 37.9 % interest in the Austrian
utility Kelag mentioned earlier, which is part of the continuing
innogy operations. Kelag’s strong position in hydroelectric
power makes the company a perfect fit for our renewable
energy strategy.

31

New Group structure: coal and nuclear pooled in single
segment. We will present the RWE Group in a new structure
from 2020 onwards. One major change compared to 2019
is that we will dissolve the interim ‘innogy - continuing
operations’ and ‘acquired E.ON operations’ segments and
break down the generation business solely by energy
source. We have pooled our German lignite, hard coal and
nuclear power stations in a single segment. As these
technologies are subject to exit roadmaps mandated by the
state, plant dismantling and opencast mine recultivation will
gain importance relative to electricity generation. Additional
information on the new segment breakdown can be found
on pages 94 et seq. The old structure, which forms the basis
for our financial reporting on fiscal 2019, is set out on
pages 49 et seq.

RWE AG’s management system. Ensuring sustainable
growth in shareholder value is at the heart of our business
policy. To manage the Group's activities, RWE AG deploys a
groupwide planning and controlling system, which ensures
that resources are used efficiently, and provides timely,
detailed insight into the current and prospective
development of the company’s assets, financial position
and net worth. Based on the targets set by the Executive
Board and management's expectations regarding the
development of the business, once a year we formulate our
medium-term plan, in which we forecast the development of
key financial indicators. This plan contains the budget
figures for the following fiscal year and planned figures for
the years thereafter. The Executive Board submits the plan
to the Supervisory Board, which reviews and approves it. The
Supervisory Board occasionally requests adjustments to be
made prior to giving its approval. During the fiscal year, we
produce internal forecasts linked to the budget. The
Executive Boards of RWE AG and the main operating units
meet regularly to analyse the interim and annual financial
statements and update the forecasts. In the event that the
updated forecast figures deviate significantly from the
budget figures, the underlying reasons are analysed and
countermeasures are taken if necessary. We also
immediately notify the capital market if published forecasts
need to be modified.


--- Page 5 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Important key performance indicators used in managing
our business are adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBIT, adjusted
net income, and net debt. EBITDA is defined as earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation.

In order to improve its explanatory power in relation to the
development of ordinary activities, we remove non-operating
or aperiodic effects: capital gains or losses, temporary
effects from the fair valuation of derivatives, impairments
and other material special items are shown in the
non-operating result. Subtracting operating depreciation
and amortisation from adjusted EBITDA yields adjusted
EBIT. Net income corrected to exclude all major special items
(adjusted net income), is another key operating indicator.

Until 2019, for management purposes, we also used key
figures reflecting innogy as a purely financial investment in
accounting terms. innogy was considered on the income
statement only with the dividend due RWE. This approach,
which deviates from IFRS consolidation principles, is
explained in further detail on page 69. It enabled us to
present innogy’'s role adequately. Another advantage of the
greater independence of accounting regulations was that
we did not have to make any methodological adjustments
when implementing the asset swap with E.ON. Therefore,
this approach was also applied to determine the key
earnings figures forming the basis of the Executive Board's
variable remuneration.

We primarily use the internal rate of return for evaluating
the attractiveness of investment projects. The Group's
financial position is analysed using cash flows from
operating activities, amongst other things. We also attach
special importance to the development of free cash flow. It
is the result of deducting capital expenditure from cash
flows from operating activities and adding to them
proceeds from divestments and asset disposals. Net debt is
another indicator of RWE’s financial strength. The starting
point for calculating it is RWE’s net financial position, to
which provisions for pensions and similar obligations, for
nuclear waste management, for mining damage (e.g. the
recultivation of opencast mining sites) and for the
dismantling of wind farms are added. However, we will stop

32

including provisions for mining damage and the financial
assets used to cover them in net debt from fiscal 2020
onwards. In managing our indebtedness, we orientate
ourselves towards the leverage factor, the ratio of net debt
to adjusted EBITDA. In the future, we will calculate this ratio
solely based on income achieved in our core business, the
definition of which is provided on pages 94 et seq.

Sustainable management - more than just reducing
emissions. We can only succeed over the long term if we
ensure society's acceptance by embracing our corporate
responsibility (CR). Today, CR is a top priority. It relates to
multifaceted environmental, economic and social matters
and therefore goes far beyond the reduction of greenhouse
gas emissions. To optimise our assessment of the
expectations which society has of us, we constantly seek to
engage in dialogue with stakeholder groups. These are
primarily shareholders, employees, politicians, associations,
non-government organisations and civic initiatives. The
stimulus we receive by interacting with our stakeholders
helps us to determine the focal points of our CR activities. In
addition to reducing our emissions, we take a number of
further matters very seriously. These include the health of
our staff, biodiversity at our sites, the diversity of our
workforce and the attractiveness of RWE as an employer.
We have set ourselves specific goals in respect of numerous
CR issues and measure the degree to which we achieve
them using KPIs. In so doing, we create transparency while
making our sustainability strategy more binding. This is also
achieved by the fact that the degree to which CR targets are
met has a direct effect on the remuneration of the Executive
Board of RWE AG (see page 80).

Further information on our goals and measures in relation
to CR can be found in our separate consolidated
non-financial report in accordance with Section 315b,
Paragraph 3 of the German Commercial Code, which will
be published separately from the combined review of
operations as part of our CR Report in April 2020. The
CR Reportis entitled ‘Our responsibility’ and can be
accessed on the internet at www.rwe.com/cr-report.


--- Page 6 ---

Combined review of operations > Innovation

1.2 Innovation

Few other industrial sectors are in the throes of as great a transformation as that affecting the energy industry.
Armed with innovative spirit, curiosity and drive, we are helping to shape this change, prompting us to have launched
or helped progress 190 innovation projects this past year alone. A total of 370 employees and numerous industrial
and research partners were involved in these projects. And as varied as they may be, they have one goal in common:
overcoming the technical and economic challenges of the energy transition.

With around 290 inventions, we are amongst the
pioneers of European utilities. RWE is innovative in many
ways. We are motivated both by a desire to remain competitive
in an ever-changing environment as well as a passion to be
a driving force propelling this transition. With the help of our
innovation projects, we are looking to develop solutions that
help us advance power generation from renewable sources
and harness the potential of our conventional power plants
in order to facilitate a successful energy transition.

With 1,070 patents and patent applications, based on close
to 290 inventions, we are in the leading pack of European
utilities. Last year, we worked on approximately 190 projects
in the field of research and development (R & D). About
370 of our staff were solely dedicated to these activities or
contributed to them in addition to performing their normal
tasks. In most R&D projects, we co-operate with other
companies or research institutions, meaning we generally
only bear a portion of the project costs. ln 2019, the

RWE Group's operating R&D spending amounted to

€21 million (previous year: €18 million). innogy is only
included in all of these figures based on the operations we
are continuing.

In the following we present a small selection of current
innovation projects. They illustrate the range of challenges
we are facing in light of the energy transition and signify the
creativity with which we are tackling these issues.

The floating TetraSpar turbine: new solution for offshore
wind expansion. RWE is the world No. 2 in offshore wind
power production. Traditional offshore wind turbines have
one thing in common: they are firmly secured to the seabed
and therefore located in waters with a maximum depth of
50 metres, with 70 metres likely to be possible in the
medium term. The reason for this limitation is that the need
for building materials increases in tandem with the need to
make stronger structures which can withstand wind and
waves in much deeper waters. The associated construction
costs would be considerable, rendering the wind farms
uneconomical. However, in order to harness the potential of
wind power more effectively, companies are currently

33

working on concepts for floating wind turbines, which can be
secured to the seabed using anchor chains. This opens up
the possibility of utilising deeper waters as sites for turbines,
making completely new regions available for wind power,
such as the Mediterranean and steeply sloping coasts in
Asia and America in particular. According to WindEurope,
the European wind industry association, in about 80% of all
areas where wind speeds are suitable for electricity
generation, the sea is simply too deep for conventional
forms of offshore wind.

Floating technology is still in its infancy. Commercially
available turbines are usually used, but the floating
foundations are custom-made and expensive. Together with
oil company Shell and Danish company Stiesdal Offshore
Technologies (SOT), innogy is currently testing a modular
concept called TetraSpar, which the project partners believe
will enable considerable cost savings. SOT has developed a
tubular steel support structure which is kept stable in the
water by a keel. As it has a modular design, the individual
parts of the support structure can be prefabricated at
different locations. One advantage this technology holds
over other floating concepts is that it is possible to construct
the floating base and mount a turbine to it - all within the
harbour.

The project team’s model-scale tests on a floating
installation, conducted in wind and wave tunnels, have
largely been completed and production of individual test
installation components is already under way. In 2020, the
first TetraSpar base is due to be assembled and launched in
the Danish port of Grenaa, before a 3.6 MW wind turbine

is mounted upon it. Tugboats will then take the entire
installation to the test site ten kilometres off the Norwegian
coast near Stavanger, where it will be attached to the
seabed 200 metres below with three anchor chains, before
finally being connected to the power grid via a cable. The
floating turbine will be equipped with a large number of
sensors to measure whether its behaviour in real life
conditions is in line with our predictions based on
calculations and tests. In TetraSpar, we hope to have found
aconcept that will allow us to venture into entirely new wind
power territories using floating technology.


--- Page 7 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Weatherproofing wind farms: lower repair costs thanks
to rotor blade coating. Wind turbine blades are constantly
exposed to the elements. This applies in particular to the
leading edge of the blades where dust, water droplets and,
at offshore sites, even sea salt strike the coating and, over
time, permeate to the layers below. The damage caused by
the erosion must regularly be repaired at great expense.
This is precisely where we want to make a change, true to
the saying “Prevention is better than cure.”

For some time now, manufacturers have been making
materials that can be applied to the edges of the blades to
protect them from erosion. Three types of material are
available for this purpose: special paints, adhesive strips
and precast foams - all of which have already been tested
in our laboratory, using products from ten manufacturers.
At the offshore wind farms Gwynt y Mor off the coast of
Wales and Rédsand 2 near Lolland in Denmark, these

investigations are being continued under real life conditions.

In offshore locations, the number, size and salt content of
water droplets in the air is particularly high, making these
material tests even more crucial. The main objective is to
establish how easily these materials can be applied under
marine weather conditions and how they might affect the
aerodynamics of the turbines.

Testing is expected to continue until 2021, by which time
we want to have identified the material with the best cost-
benefit ratio. We could then apply it to rotor blades during
regular maintenance, avoiding unneccessary downtime. In
addition, when building wind farms, we will make sure that
the blades are precoated with the ideal protective layer.

Wind turbines under observation: condition monitoring
systems. Once a wind turbine has been installed, it must
be regularly serviced and maintained. Damage should be
detected, assessed and repaired as quickly as possible to
prevent turbine downtime. In order to ensure a safe and
ideally seamless operation of a given wind farm, we use
condition monitoring systems. The systems use sensors to
record rotation speeds, vibrations, ambient temperatures
and much more. Measurements are taken around the clock,
and that information is stored, so that software can
evaluate the data later.

As part of our R&D activities, we are working on improving
the interaction between the sensors (hardware) and the
analysis methods (software). We are exploring which
hardware is particularly well suited for data acquisition,
for example. We improve the software using machine
learning approaches, among other things. Engineers and IT

34

specialists teach the software to work autonomously and
distinguish between normal and irregular wind turbine
behaviour based on existing data sets. The ideal combination
of hardware and software will then be installed in individual
turbine models or even entire onshore and offshore fleets.
With the help of our condition monitoring systems, we have
already been able to considerably reduce the number of
unplanned maintenance outages.

Heat from under the ground: new tasks for our Weisweiler
site. One regenerative energy source simply brimming with
promise is deep geothermal energy. Not only does it offer
promising prospects for energy supply, but possibly also for
the future of the Rhenish lignite mining region. As part of an
R&D initiative under the umbrella of EU funding project
INTERREG, we are currently researching whether and how
we can extract geothermal energy, stored deep in the
ground under our Weisweiler power station to the east of
Aachen. In concrete terms, the objective is to pump hot
water from deep underneath the earth's crust to the
surface. The heat could then be captured by a heat
exchanger and fed into the Aachen district heating network,
while the thermal water would be pumped back into the
ground via a second borehole. This would make it possible
to supply Greater Aachen with green energy from the
Rhenish coal mining region and Weisweiler to maintain its
place as a key location for the energy industry. It would also
offer the workforce secure prospects, even once the
planned phaseout of lignite-fired electricity generation is
complete.

Ten partners have come together as part of our DGE Rollout
NWE project (development of deep geothermal energy in
north-western Europe) under the direction of North Rhine-
Westphalia’s Geological Service. RWE Power is contributing
the on-site energy infrastructure at Weisweiler, and the
know-how of its employees to the project. District heating
pipelines already run from our power plant to Aachen, some
20 kilometres away. The first project phase will be dedicated
to the underground exploration of the conditions in
Weisweiler. In the second half of 2020, we want to use a test
well to reach a depth of more than 1,000 metres. If it then
transpires that the use of geothermal energy is
economically viable, this would mark the birth of a
Weisweiler geothermal energy site. The state of North
Rhine-Westphalia has set itself the goal of ensuring that a
2038 phaseout of coal-fired electricity generation coincides
with a massive expansion of renewable energy capacity. It is
envisaged that the Rhenish region will serve as a model for
how a region in Europe can best transform its energy
system into a modern, innovative and climate-friendly one.


--- Page 8 ---

Combined review of operations > Innovation

Geothermal energy is of particular interest in this regard
because it is available around the clock, regardless of
weather conditions. With its mining traditions and its high
professional and technical standards, North Rhine-
Westphalia ticks all the necessary boxes to create a
successful geothermal energy hub. In Belgium and the
Netherlands, district heating networks, greenhouses,
industrial plants and thermal baths already benefit from
this environmentally friendly energy stored below the
earth's crust.

StoreToPower: converting coal-fired power stations into
thermal storage power plants. StoreToPower is another
project aimed at tackling the impending structural change
in the Rhenish lignite mining region whilst also securing the
area as a key location for the energy industry. As the name
implies, the focus is on electricity storage. One of the major
challenges of the energy transition is that wind turbines and
solar panels are not reliable sources of electricity. The more
these systems replace conventional power plants, the more
urgently we need storage solutions that make it possible to
reconcile the considerable fluctuations of electricity
generated from renewable sources with demand profiles.

How we transition from phasing out coal to phasing in
energy storage solutions is the key question when it comes
to StoreToPower. As part of this initiative, we are looking to
use a lignite-fired power station as a thermal storage power
plant. This will not involve a complete redesign of the plant:
in coal-fired power stations, heat is generated by burning
coal. This heat is used to produce steam. Under high
pressure, the steam drives a turbine, which produces
electricity via a generator. In a coal-fired power station
which has been converted into a heat storage power plant,
the heat needed for steam generation can be produced
with alternatives to coal, namely wind and solar power.
Whenever excess amounts of green electricity are available,
they could be used to heat a thermal storage tank. Later,
when wind and solar power is in short supply, the stored
heat can be used to generate steam to drive the turbine.
The modules of the thermal storage system can be
gradually built next to existing power plant units. In this way,
the steam generated in the green storage plant can
progressively be used to replace large portions of the steam
otherwise generated using lignite. This continues until the
power station operates exclusively as a thermal storage
power plant using renewable energy sources once the
phaseout of coal-fired power generation has been completed.

35

As part of the StoreToPower project, RWE has joined forces
with the German Aerospace Centre and the Aachen
University of Applied Sciences. Together, the partners are
seeking to retrofit a thermal storage module as a test
facility on the premises of a large lignite-fired power plant
unit in the Rhenish region, thus proving the technical viability
of the concept. The state of North Rhine-Westphalia is
already backing the planning work financially and has
included StoreToPower as a key project in its programme of
urgent operations called ‘The Rhenish region of the future’.
In July 2019, the project cleared an important hurdle: the
Federal Ministry of Economics and Energy listed it as one of
20 projects that are eligible to apply for funding within the
scope of the ideas competition entitled ‘Real Laboratories
of the Energy Transition’. The contest is aimed at ensuring
that sustainable energy technologies can be tested under
real life conditions and on an industrial scale.

Innovative CO, application: synthetic fuel from carbon
dioxide. For some time now, we have been working on
various processes that allow us to separate carbon dioxide
from power plant flue gases (CO2 scrubbing). At our
innovation centre in Niederaussem in the Rhenish lignite
mining region, we have developed one of the world’s
pioneering technologies in this field together with BASF and
Linde. Our CO3 scrubbing pilot plant has already proven its
capabilities over years of extensive testing. Since 2009, it
has completed more than 80,000 operating hours,
achieving CO3 scrubbing efficiencies of 90%. We use
carbon dioxide from the pilot plant to produce synthetic fuel
and feedstock for the chemical industry, which can be used
to replace fossil fuels such as crude oil and natural gas. To
this end, we have initiated five projects, all of which qualify
for EU funding. Two examples are presented below.

As part of the first project, MefCO (Methanol from CO3),
which has already been completed, we produced methanol
from carbon dioxide and hydrogen. The hydrogen in turn
was produced by electrolysis using water and electricity. A
wide variety of chemical products are based on methanol,
one of the most commonly manufactured chemicals in the
world. It is also suitable as a long-term storage medium for
renewable energy, provided the hydrogen used to generate
it is produced using green electricity and the methanol itself
is subsequently used to generate electricity.


--- Page 9 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Asecond project, ALIGN-CCUS, has been under way at
Niederaussem since 2017. Backing is provided by both the
EU and the German Ministry for Economic Affairs and
Energy. A total of 30 industrial enterprises and research
institutions from five European countries are involved in the
project. They are looking to show that it is possible to create
an entire value chain, from carbon capture to its use and
storage. The project involves converting carbon dioxide and
hydrogen into dimethyl ether (DME), which can be used as a
low-carbon, low-nitrogen-oxide diesel substitute. Our pilot
plant in Niederaussem became operational in early 2020.
Every day, we produce up to 50 kilogrammes of DME from
carbon dioxide and hydrogen, which is used as a fuel for
the production of peak-load electricity in a stationary
diesel generator at Niederaussem. ALIGN-CCUS is another
example of how generation shortages from renewable
energy could be cushioned moving forward. All CO3
conversion projects serve to further our understanding of
new technologies and products whilst gaining experience
with new partners, thus laying the groundwork for the next
step: the construction and operation of a demonstration plant
where the processes can be tested on an industrial scale.

GET H2: blueprint for entry into the hydrogen business.
As demonstrated by the MefCO. and ALIGN-CCUS projects,
hydrogen plays a key role in using carbon dioxide. However,
its importance for the energy industry goes far beyond this
application. After all, hydrogen (H3) can be used in a myriad
of ways, for instance to generate electricity and heat, as a
fuel to power cars, or as a commodity for industry. Another
advantage of hydrogen is that it can be obtained by
electrolysis from electricity and water and is therefore a
candidate for renewable energy storage. Producing,
transporting and using hydrogen take centre stage in the
GET Hz initiative, for which we joined forces with numerous
industrial and research partners. The objective of GET H3 is
to build a nationwide hydrogen infrastructure in Germany.
This initiative will kick off with a project at our power plant
site in Lingen, where we intend to produce green hydrogen
for industrial processes on a large scale. Furthermore, there
are plans to repurpose an existing gas pipeline from Lingen
to the Ruhr region to transport hydrogen. This undertaking
is still in the planning stage and is subject to economic
feasibility.

36

Lignite-fired power plants: lower mercury emissions
thanks to rotary hearth furnace coke. In our efforts to
generate electricity with ever lower emissions, we are not
only targeting the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide but also
pollutants such as mercury. We are already able to
successfully separate and extract most of the mercury
contained within flue gases, meaning our plants are already
well below the current legal emission thresholds. However,
new EU regulations will impose much stricter limits on our
lignite-fired power plants from summer 2021 onwards. So,
the fact that we have been working intensively for years now
on ways to further reduce mercury emissions cost-effectively
very much works in our favour. We have specifically been
giving much consideration to a process which makes use of
furnace coke extracted from lignite. We are already using
this substance to extract mercury at our refining plants,
where we process lignite into briquettes or lignite dust for
the cement and lime industry. Tests carried out in 2018 ata
pilot plant at the Niederaussem Innovation Centre
demonstrated that furnace coke can also be used to reduce
emissions from power plants. In Niederaussem, we injected
furnace coke into the smokestack of a lignite block. The
result showed that the mercury attached itself to the fine
furnace coke particles so that both materials could be
extracted by the electrostatic precipitator and subsequently
disposed of. The experiments led to a significant reduction
in mercury emissions, which encouraged us to apply the
method on a large scale and under real life conditions. To
this end, we built a demonstration plant, which is also
connected to one of the power station units at Niederaussem.
During an extensive series of tests between February and
July 2019, the method proved its value and effectiveness
once again. We now plan to install it in further lignite units,
which would otherwise not be able to comply with the
impending new limitations. In the meantime, we are using
the demonstration plant to explore ways in which we can
further perfect the technology.

Detailed information on these projects and our other R&D
ventures can be found at www.rwe.com/innovation and at
www.innogy.com/innovation > Renewable Energy.


--- Page 10 ---

Combined review of operations > Economic environment

1.3 Economic environment

World economic growth slowed in 2019. Initial estimates have German GDP posting a marginal rise, with industrial
output on the decline, resulting in a drop in electricity consumption. Following a multi-year upturn, prices of thermal

coal and natural gas dropped on international markets. Despite this, average electricity forward prices in Germany
and the Netherlands were higher than in 2018. A major factor was the rise in the price of CO2 emission allowances
witnessed since 2017. This was also a major reason why the margins of low-emission gas power plants improved,
whereas those of hard coal-fired power stations worsened.

Eurozone posts only slight growth. The economy
experienced a tangible cool-down in the past fiscal year.
Based on preliminary estimates, global economic output
rose by 2.5%, which was less than in 2018 (3.3%). The
Eurozone may well have posted just over 1% economic
growth, with Germany recording a gain of merely 0.6 %.
Due to its dependency on exports, the country, which is the
largest economy in the currency area, is significantly affected
by international trade conflicts. By contrast, the
Netherlands, recording an estimated increase of 1.7%,
occupied one of the top spots among Eurozone countries.
In the United Kingdom, our most important market outside
of the currency union, the economy displayed robust
development, despite the UK's exit from the EU with effect
from 31 January 2020. Based on the latest figures, the
country’s GDP rose by more than 1%. Since the acquisition
of E.ON's renewables business, the USA has also become
one of RWE's core markets. Economic research institutes
estimate that the US economy expanded by more than 2%.

Decrease in demand for electricity in Germany. Electricity
consumption trends largely depend on the economic cycle,
which weakened significantly in our European markets.
Furthermore, less electricity was needed for heating due to
the weather. Preliminary data from the German Association
of Energy and Water Industries (BDEW) indicate that
electricity consumption in Germany was down 2% in 2019.
Expert estimates for the UK have the country recording a
decline of a similar order, whereas there was apparently no
major change versus 2018 in the Netherlands. Power usage
in the USA is likely to have dropped by more than 2%,
despite the country’s robust economy. This was in part
because the summer temperatures were below the unusually
high level recorded in the preceding year, resulting in a
commensurate decline in electricity consumption for air
conditioning.

One-year forward prices of gas on the TTF wholesale market
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2018 forward
26

2019 forward

2020 forward

24

22

20

18

aL

new

16

14

\

12

.)

2017

2018

2019

Source: Bloomberg.

37


--- Page 11 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Mild weather causes natural gas spot prices to collapse.
The utilisation and earnings of our power plants are heavily
dependent on how fuel and emission allowance prices
develop. Natural gas, our most important tradable energy
source, was characterised by extremely low spot prices in
2019. Quotations at the Title Transfer Facility (TTF) - the
Continental European trading hub - averaged €14/MWh,
€9 less than a year before. Unusually low demand for heating
gas caused by the mild 2018/2019 winter played an
important role. Moreover, the European market was flooded
with liquefied natural gas (LNG), putting even more pressure
on prices. Increased gas consumption due to the improved
capacity utilisation of gas-fired power stations was unable
to offset this. Gas forward prices also dropped, although not
to the same extent. In the year under review, the 2020 TTF
forward cost €18/MWh compared to the €21/MWh paid
for the 2019 forward in 2018.

Declining demand curbs hard coal prices. Spot prices
paid for hard coal used in power plants (steam coal) also
declined substantially. Deliveries to the ARA ports (ARA =
Amsterdam, Rotterdam, Antwerp) including freight and
insurance were settled for an average of US$61/metric ton
(€54), US$3 11 less than in the previous year. The background
to this is that little use was made of coal-fired power
stations in Europe, leading to a corresponding reduction of
steam coal consumption. Furthermore, import restrictions
in China and the reactivation of Japanese nuclear power
plants curtailed demand from Asia. Quotations on the
forward market also dropped owing to the aforementioned
factors. In 2019, the one-year forward (API 2 Index) cost an
average of US$70/metric ton (€62), US$17 less than in the
preceding year.

One-year forward prices of hard coal deliveries to Amsterdam/Rotterdam/Antwerp

US$/metric ton (average weekly figures)

2018 forward 2019 forward 2020 forward

100

. J rS\x

eo hg L\

70

60

50

2017 2018 2019

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

38



--- Page 12 ---

Combined review of operations > Economic environment

Forward prices of CO, emission allowances (European Union Allowances)

€/metric ton of CO> (average weekly figures)

December 2018 forward
30

December 2019 forward

December 2020 forward

25

wf

20

15

10

2017

2018 2019

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

Reform of European Emissions Trading System causes
rapid increase in CO, certificate prices. An important
cost factor of electricity generation from fossil fuel-fired
power stations is the procurement of CO3 emission
allowances, which have increased substantially in price
since the middle of 2017. An EU Allowance (EUA), which
confers the right to emit one metric ton of carbon dioxide,
cost €25 on average, €9 more than in 2018. These figures
relate to contracts for delivery that mature in December of

the following year. The considerable rise in price is due to
the fundamental reform of the EU Emissions Trading
System. The new regulations, some of which have started
having an impact at the beginning of 2019, should result in
a gradual reduction of the oversupply of emission
allowances on the market. Many participants in emissions
trading therefore expect a shortage of available EUAs and
made early purchases. This resulted in a massive surge in
prices even before the reform package was implemented.

One-year forward prices of base-load electricity on the wholesale market

€/MWh (average weekly figures)

80 2018 forward 2019 forward 2020 forward
re WA
60 pt SK PPT
50 wa wt WAP IOP
40
30
20
2017 2018 2019
mi Germany ml Netherlands ml United Kingdom Source: RWE Supply & Trading.



--- Page 13 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Significant decline in electricity spot prices. The drop in
the price of coal and gas weighed on quotations on
wholesale electricity markets, whereas the rise in the price
of emission allowances had a counteracting effect. Base-
load power traded for an average of €38/MWh on the
German spot market, €6 less than in the previous year. Spot
prices declined by £14 to £43/MWh (€49) in the UK and by
€12 to €41/MWh in the Netherlands. The situation on
forward markets was as follows: the German 2020
base-load forward cost an average of €48/MWh, €4 more
than what was paid for the 2019 forward in the previous
year. The Netherlands recorded a slight increase in the price
of the one-year forward of €1 to €50/MWh, with the UK
recording a decrease of £2 to £52/MWh (€59).

Rise in price of CO, emission allowances puts coal
power plant margins under pressure. Power plant
margins are calculated by taking the price per unit of
electricity generated and deducting the costs of the fuel
and CO; emission allowances required for said electricity
generation. As a rule, we procure the fuel for our hard coal
and gas-fired power stations in liquid markets at prevailing
conditions. The generation costs of the plants can therefore
fluctuate considerably. In the case of gas-fired power
stations, margins are known as clean spark spreads and
when it comes to hard coal-fired plants, they are referred to
as clean dark spreads.

Clean spark spreads? forward trading
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

10 2018 forward 2019 forward 2020 forward
5
Oo
-5 er
-10
2017 2018 2019

™ Germany mii Netherlands

™@™ United Kingdom

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

1 Price of base-load electricity minus the cost of gas and CO, emission allowances based on a power plant efficiency of 50%: including CO, tax in the UK.

Clean dark spreads? forward trading

€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2018 forward

2019 forward

2020 forward

15

10

5

ae

(o}

aaa

-5

10

2017

Mi Germany Mi Netherlands Ml United Kingdom

2018

2019

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

1 Price of base-load electricity minus the cost of hard coal and CO, emission allowances based on a power plant efficiency of 40%; including CO, tax in the UK.

40


--- Page 14 ---

Combined review of operations > Economic environment

The graphs on page 40 illustrate the development of the
aforementioned spreads in our main generation markets
since 2017, based on the respective year-forward
transactions. In 2019, clean spark spreads in Germany and
the Netherlands were above the previous year's average,
whereas they remained slightly below it in the UK. The UK
and the Netherlands saw significant declines in clean dark
spreads versus 2018, with Germany recording a slight
increase.

Fuel costs for lignite-fired and nuclear power stations are
generally more stable as we obtain lignite from our own
opencast mines and source uranium via long-term contracts
at firm conditions. The rise in German wholesale electricity
prices caused realisable nuclear energy margins to improve.
As regards lignite-fired power stations, the positive price
effect was contrasted by substantial additional costs
resulting from more expensive CO3 emission allowances.

RWE: slightly higher margins of base-load forward
contracts for 2019. We sell forward most of the output of
our power stations and secure the prices of the required fuel
and emission allowances in order to reduce short-term
volume and price risks. Therefore, our generation margins in
the year under review strongly depended on the conditions
at which we concluded forward contracts for 2019 in earlier
years. For electricity from lignite and nuclear power stations,
we realised marginally higher prices with such transactions.
In sum, this led to slightly better margins than with the
transactions for 2018. Forward sales of electricity from gas
and hard coal-fired power stations are typically concluded
with less lead time. Therefore, the electricity prices realised
for 2019 were higher, but there were also cost increases
due to the notable fuel price hike which had an affect until
2018. In addition, the rise in the price of emission
allowances also left its mark. The margins on electricity
sales for 2019 of our gas-fired power stations in Germany,
the UK and the Netherlands improved year on year despite
these burdens. By contrast, our hard coal-fired power plants
recorded declining margins in all the markets mentioned.

41

Wind con

ins better than in 2018. The availability
and profitability of plants that produce electricity from
renewable energy sources greatly depend on weather
conditions. This is why wind speeds are extremely important
to us. In 2019, they occasionally exceeded the long-term
average at our production sites in Poland, Spain and Italy,
whereas they remained below it at most of our UK and some
of our US locations. Wind speeds in the other regions in
which we are active were largely normal. Compared to 2018,
by and large, wind speeds measured at our locations in
2019 were similar or higher. Only in parts of the USA and
Sweden was a decline recorded. The utilisation of run-of-river
power stations strongly depends on precipitation and melt
water volumes. In Germany, where most of our run-of-river
power plants are located, these volumes were slightly below
the long-term average. However, they were marginally
higher than in 2018.


--- Page 15 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

1.4 Political environment

Climate protection remains at the top of the political agenda. The European Commission presented the ‘Green Deal’,
a package of measures aiming for a significant reduction of greenhouse gas emissions across all sectors. The
ultimate goal is to make the EU climate neutral by 2050. Policymakers in our home market, Germany, are also spurring
climate protection. In January 2020, the federal government submitted a draft law on the exit from coal, which
envisages gradually phasing out electricity generation from coal by 2038. The draft requires our lignite power stations
and opencast mines to be closed ahead of schedule. The compensation that we would receive in exchange would
clearly fall short of offsetting the actual burden. However, we welcome the fact that the framework conditions for our
power plants will become more reliable and that the necessary redundancies will be mitigated in a socially

acceptable manner.

EU Commission presents ‘Green Deal’: Europe to become
carbon neutral by 2050. The new European Commission
under President Ursula von der Leyen put forward its
‘European Green Deal’ on 11 December 2019. The
programme contains a list of measures to lower greenhouse
gas emissions across various sectors. The Commission is
pursuing two goals with the Green Deal: the first sees
Europe becoming carbon neutral by 2050. The second goal
focuses on 2030, the deadline by which the EU should have
decreased its greenhouse gas emissions by 50-55%
compared to 1990. Previously, the aim was to reduce
emissions by 40 %. The new targets are set to be achieved
through far-reaching reforms to industry, energy supply,
transport and agriculture. The EU Commission is planning
comprehensive legislative changes and a number of
different programmes in order to provide for the
accelerated expansion of renewable energy, a new strategy
for the industrial sector, import barriers for goods produced
using processes that are harmful to the climate as well as a
strategy for clean transport, among other things. Regions
which are most affected by these measures will be
supported by way of a Just Transition Fund’. The EU wants to
enshrine the goal of becoming carbon neutral by 2050 in
law. This will be followed by the legislative process to
increase the target for 2030, which will most likely begin this
summer. Depending on the outcome, the rules of the
European Emissions Trading System would then have to be
revised and the number of certificates placed on the market
would have to be reduced.

EU limits participation of coal-fired power plants in
capacity mechanisms. The European Parliament and the
Council of Ministers passed a reform of EU electricity
market legislation in March and May 2019, respectively.
Some of the new rules took effect from 1 January 2020
(Electricity Market Regulation). Other provisions (Electricity
Market Directive) will have to be transposed into national
law by the member states by the end of 2020. One core
component of the reform is guidelines on designing
capacity market mechanisms. The new Electricity Market
Regulation envisages that power stations with CO3
emissions of more than 550 g/kWh will only be allowed to

42

participate in such mechanisms to a very limited degree.
One prerequisite for this is that they do not emit more than
350 kg of CO3 per kilowatt of installed capacity per year.
Consequently, coal-fired power plants can no longer
participate in a general capacity market with full utilisation,
but can participate in reserve schemes which only involve a
low number of operating hours. The emission caps for new
power stations entered into effect on 1 January 2020.
Transitional regulations apply to existing generation
facilities until the middle of 2025. Existing capacity
agreements will remain unaffected by the threshold values.

German coal phaseout plan: RWE to shoulder the lion’s
share of initial burdens in exchange for €2.6 billion in
compensation. In Germany, our main electricity generation
market, the stage is now set for an early phaseout of
coal-fired power production. In January 2019, the Growth,
Structural Change and Employment Commission (Structural
Change Commission), which was appointed by the federal
government, made a concrete proposal to achieve climate
protection goals within the energy sector. The panel, made
up of representatives from industry, trade unions, science,
associations, citizen groups and environmental
organisations, called for a coal phaseout by no later than
2038. In addition, the Commission presented a roadmap
for plant closures and voted in favour of power plant
operators being allocated appropriate compensation.
The amount of compensation is either to be determined by
auction (hard coal) or via negotiations (lignite). Redundancies
for operational reasons as well as inappropriate social and
economic disadvantages to employees are to be avoided as
much as possible. The Commission also requested that the
Hambach Forest be preserved. We published a detailed
overview of the panel's recommendations on page 33 of
our 2018 Annual Report.

The suggestions of the Structural Change Commission were
predominantly well-received by politicians and other
stakeholders. After they were published, the government,
the affected federal states and the power plant and
opencast mine operators started negotiating the
implementation of the recommendations in the lignite


--- Page 16 ---

Combined review of operations > Political environment

industry. These talks led to a consensus in early 2020. On
this basis, the Federal Cabinet published a draft Coal
Phaseout Act on 29 January 2020, thus launching the
parliamentary procedure. Once it has been completed, the
government will be authorised to conclude public-law
contracts with operators of lignite assets which protect their
legitimate interests.

According to the draft law, RWE will shoulder the lion's share
of the initial burdens of the lignite phaseout. It envisages an
additional 3 GW of lignite-fired generation capacity being
taken off the market by 2022, with around 2.8 GW of this
total figure being allocable to us. According to the draft law,
the first 300 MW block will be decommissioned in the
Rhenish lignite mining area as early as the end of 2020,
followed closely by three additional 300 MW units in the
following year, and another 300 MW facility as well as two
600 MW blocks in 2022. The power stations in Neurath and
Niederaussem will be most heavily affected by these plans,
along with Weisweiler, albeit to a lesser extent. We will also
be ceasing production of lignite briquettes at the Frechen
site, thus decommissioning 120 MW of electricty generation
capacity.

We will gradually reduce our lignite-fired generation
capacity even further until the end of the decade, by which
time it will have dropped considerably. In 2025, a 300 MW
block will be taken off the grid in Weisweiler. The two on-site
600 MW units will then follow suit in 2028 and 2029,
respectively. The Inden opencast mine, which exclusively
supplies Weisweiler with coal, will then also be
decommissioned. One of the two remaining 600 MW blocks
is set to be shut down at the end of 2029, with the other
being placed on security standby for four years starting on
1 January 2030. From 2030 onwards, this will only leave
our three most modern lignite units at 1,000 MW apiece on
the market. They will most likely remain operational until the
end of 2038.

The closures will have considerable consequences for the
opencast mines. More than half of the lignite reserves, i.e.
11.1 billion metric tons, which had been approved for mining,
will now remain underground. In addition, at the behest of
the Structural Change Commission and politicians,
Hambach Forest will be preserved. Of our three opencast
mines in the Rhenish lignite mining region - Inden, Hambach
and Garzweiler - only the latter will remain operational from
2030 onwards to supply the remaining assets with fuel. This
will mean a complete overhaul of our opencast mining
operations and recultivation activities, especially in
Hambach. We will initiate the necessary steps as agreed with
the North Rhine-Westphalian state government. The energy

industry's need for the Garzweiler opencast mine to remain
operational should be reflected in the Coal Phaseout Act.

The lignite phaseout will place a considerable financial
burden on our company. The draft law envisages RWE
receiving €2.6 billion compensation over the next 15 years.
We recognised the entire amount as an asset in the 2019
consolidated financial statements. The federal government
is of the opinion that this satisfies all our claims. However,
the damage we will actually incur will clearly exceed

€2.6 billion. A large part of the expected burden is reflected
in the consolidated financial statements. We have
transferred €2,022 million to our mining provisions to cover
the additional operating costs and the earlier recultivation
(including interest effects). Impairments of our lignite power
stations and opencast mines have resulted in burdens totalling
€527 million. Moreover, we have set aside €347 million for
socially acceptable redundancy schemes. Future outlays
ensuring the continued operation of our power plants and
opencast mines under these new conditions are only
partially considered in our consolidated financial
statements.

Intended recipients of state compensation in addition to
RWE include the affected workforce. According to current
figures, over 3,000 of the 10,000 jobs in our lignite business
will be cutin the short term; by 2030, this figure could increase
to around 6,000. Among other things, the proposed
legislation provides for an adjustment allowance and
compensation for any disadvantages concerning statutory
pensions. It is envisaged that these be paid by the state.

The draft legislation also regulates the details of the hard
coal phaseout. The federal government is of the opinion
that auctions should decide which hard coal capacities
are taken off the grid and how much their operators receive
in compensation. The draft law envisages annual tender
procedures from 2020 to 2026. However, operator bids
will be subject to specific caps which are set to be lowered
from €165,000/MW to €49,000/MW during the
aforementioned period. Thereafter, the proposed legislation
provides for closures without compensation. If the tenders
do not result in enough capacity being decommissioned,
starting in 2024, power plant operators could be ordered to
shut down stations without compensation. Company
representatives, trade unions and numerous federal states
have levelled criticism at this draft legislation and demand
that it be amended, in particular with regard to combined
heat and power generation.

The legislative process for the coal phaseout is expected to
last until mid-2020. Furthermore, we will be concluding a

43


--- Page 17 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

public-law contract with the German government on the
basis of the Act, which will protect our interests with regard
to the regulations made. Thereafter, the compensation has
to be approved by the European Commission under state
aid law.

German government seeks to provide coal regions with
up to €40 billion in subsidies. In August 2019, the Federal
Cabinet adopted a draft law to strengthen the coal regions
structurally. However, the Lower House and the Upper House
postponed their consultation in order to discuss the planned
legislation in conjunction with the Coal Phaseout Act. The
draft of the Structural Reinforcement Act envisages the
federal government providing up to €14 billion in financial
support to the lignite mining regions for investments of
particular importance through to 2038, with 37 % going to
the Rhenish coal mining region. The funds can be used by
the states, e.g. to invest in industrial infrastructure and
public transport. The government intends to flank this by
supporting the regions through its own measures. A total of
€26 billion has been budgeted for this and earmarked for
measures such as the expansion of the rail and road networks
and the creation of research hubs.

German government presents Climate Protection
Programme 2030 and adopts Climate Protection Act.
October saw the Federal Cabinet adopt the Climate
Protection Programme 2030. In the same month, it passed
the draft of a nationwide climate protection law, which was.
adopted by the Lower House and Upper House in December
following several amendments. The objective of the Climate
Protection Programme and the Climate Protection Act is to
ensure that the national emission reduction goals for 2030
are achieved. These targets will be enshrined in law for the
first time in the Climate Protection Act. The Climate
Protection Programme 2030 describes the tools and
measures with which these goals should be achieved. For
example, the government plans to introduce CO; pricing in
sectors which are not covered by the European Emissions
Trading System (e.g. transportation and heating). This will
first be introduced at the national level starting in 2021.
Going forward, the government wants to push for the
introduction of an EU-wide, cross-sector emissions trading
scheme with a moderate price floor. The idea is to offset
COz2 surcharges paid by consumers on petrol, diesel and
other combustibles by providing relief in other areas through
measures such as the increase in commuter allowances,
which will come into effect in 2021. The Climate Protection
Programme contains a number of measures in the areas of
building, transportation, agriculture, forestry, industry and

44

energy. Measures in the energy sector involve the
accelerated expansion of offshore wind power: the federal
government is now aiming for a total capacity of 20 GW

by 2030 instead of the 15 GW targeted originally. The
Programme envisages that municipalities in which wind
turbines are built receive additional financial benefits. In
addition, there are plans to abolish the subsidy cap on new
photovoltaic installations. Based on the current rules, such
assets will stop receiving feed-in payments once the country
has built 52 GW in solar capacity.

Netherlands wants to phase out coal-fired electricity
generation by 2030. In 2019, the Dutch Lower and Upper
House passed a law envisaging the end of the country’s
electricity production from coal in this decade. According to
the law, by 2025 at the latest, coal may no longer be used
as fuel in power stations built in the 1990s. For plants
constructed later than this, the ban would come into effect
in 2030. Compensation payments for the power utilities
affected are not foreseen in the law. At present, there are
five hard coal-fired power stations still operating in the
Netherlands. Two of these belong to us: Amer 9 and
Eemshaven, which have a net installed capacity of 631 MW
and 1,554 MW. They would have to stop firing coal at the
end of 2024 and 2029 according to the law. After that,
these stations could only be operated with other fuels.
After taking the first retrofitting measures, we have started
co-firing with biomass in both plants. We are receiving
subsidies for this to finance the capital expenditure and
additional costs incurred to purchase fuel. Conversion to
100% biomass-firing would involve significant additional
expenses. However, the government refuses to provide
further subsidies. We believe that our ownership rights are
being violated by the Dutch coal phaseout due to the lack
of compensation. Therefore, we are considering taking
legal action.


--- Page 18 ---

Combined review of operations > Major events

1.5 Major events

The past fiscal year took us a major step closer to the ‘new’ RWE. In mid-September, the EU gave us the go-ahead for
our asset swap with E.ON. Major parts of the transaction were executed soon thereafter. Further highlights in 2019

were the tender won for the subsi:

ation of the Sofia offshore wind project in the UK and the European Commission’s

reapproval of the British capacity market. In this chapter, we present the major events that occurred in 2019 and the
beginning of 2020. We focus on events that have not been commented on in detail elsewhere in this report.

Events in the fiscal year

Asset swap with E.ON largely executed: RWE transfers
stake in innogy and receives renewables business from
E.ON. In September 2019, RWE and E.ON completed major
parts of the asset swap agreed in March 2018. The
prerequisite for this was the final approval of the transaction
by the European Commission, which was granted on

17 September. E.ON received our 76.8% interest in innogy
on the following day and conducted a capital increase in
exchange for contributions in kind immediately thereafter.
The approximately 440 million newly created shares were
issued to RWE. This gave us a 16.7% stake in E.ON, but by
late September/early October we reduced it to 15.0% by
selling off shares. In addition, as of the end of 30 September,
E.ON transferred its renewable energy activities and
minority interests in the RWE nuclear power plants
Gundremmingen (25%) and Emsland (12.5%) from its
subsidiary PreussenElektra to us. We paid E.ON €1.5 billion as
financial consideration also at the end of September. The
transaction will be fully implemented once E.ON transfers
back to us parts of the innogy portfolio which are already
assigned to our operations commercially and are
recognised in our Group figures: the renewable energy
business, the German and Czech gas storage facilities, and
a37.9%stake in the Austrian energy utility Kelag. This transfer
shall take place as soon as possible in the current year.

The asset swap also envisaged RWE acquiring the majority
stake in the Czech gas network operator innogy Grid
Holding (IGH) from innogy and transferring it to EON
thereafter. We acquired the 50.04 % shareholding in
February 2019. However, the co-owner of IGH, the
consortium managed by the Australian financial service

45

provider and infrastructure investor Macquarie, MIRA,
exercised its right of first refusal. We therefore transferred
the shares in IGH to MIRA and not to E.ON. This sale was
completed with effect from 30 September. The price
totalled about €1.8 billion and therefore matched the
conditions at which we had purchased the stake from
innogy. Therefore, on the whole, the IGH transaction was
neutral for us in financial terms.

Also as part of the asset swap, in August 2019, RWE
acquired innogy’s 49 % stake in VSE, the energy utility based
in Kosice, Slovakia. We plan to transfer the shareholding to
E.ON at the conditions at which we acquired it. The purchase
price payable by E.ON was considered when netting the
payment claims from the asset swap in September. The
stake in VSE is still included in our Group figures: we state it
as a ‘discontinued operation’.

When settling the financial receivables and liabilities from
the asset swap, a loan was considered, which we had
granted innogy in the run-up to the IPO in October 2016.
It amounted to €700 million and would have come due in
October 2020. By netting it against other payment claims,
E.ON refunded us the principal with accrued interest early.

The asset swap with E.ON had substantial effects on our
financial position, net worth and earnings in the past fiscal
year, which we present on pages 51 et seqq. In addition, the
acquisition of E.ON's renewable energy business changed
the structure of our financial reporting. Details on this can
be found on pages 49 et seq.


--- Page 19 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

European Commission gives go-ahead to reinstate
British capacity market. After a thorough investigation, in
October 2019 the European Commission reapproved the
British capacity market. This established the prerequisite for
payments to be resumed following a lengthy suspension
and for postponed capacity auctions to be held. The
Commission holds the view that the capacity market rules
comply with EU state aid regulations. It had originally
reached this conclusion in July 2014, but the Court of the
European Union found that the review conducted at the
time had not been extensive enough. Therefore, the judges
had declared the first approval invalid in November 2018.
Thereafter, the British capacity market was suspended,
with the participating power generators not receiving any
payments. This caused RWE to temporarily forego
contractually secured capacity payments of around

€50 million for 2018 and about €180 million for 2019.
We were paid these amounts retrospectively in January
2020 and recognised them in our earnings for the 2019
fiscal year.

In mid-2019, i.e. whilst the capacity market was still on
hold, British grid operator National Grid held a capacity
auction for the delivery period from 1 October 2019 to

30 September 2020. Power plants with a total capacity of
3.6 GW qualified for a very low payment of £0.77/kW. An
invitation to tender for the same delivery period had already
taken place at the end of 2015. At this auction, stations with
acombined 46.4 GW, including 8.0 GW belonging to RWE,
won a contract for a payment of £18/kW. The second
auction was held to close remaining capacity gaps. Two
small RWE power plants submitted bids, but will not receive
any payments.

Large-scale project in the UK North Sea: innogy secures
contract for Sofia wind farm. Our offshore wind growth
prospects continued to improve in 2019. innogy was
awarded a remuneration contract for the Sofia project in an
auction in September. This venture involves building wind
turbines in the UK North Sea with a total capacity of 1.4 GW.
The investment volume is an estimated £3 billion, including
the grid connection. The state will guarantee £39.65/MWh
plus adjustments for inflation. The contract period extends
over 15 years. Sofia’s location on Dogger Bank nearly

46

200 kilometres from the English coast has very good wind
conditions and moderate water depths. All of the approvals
required for the wind farm have been obtained and the final
investment decision is expected to be reached in 2020.
Based on current planning, the first wind turbines could be
commissioned in 2024/2025. The wind farm would then be
fully operational in 2026.

In the United Kingdom, renewable energy has been
supported via contracts for difference (CfDs) since April 2015.
Ifthe price realised by the plant operators on the wholesale
market is below the feed-in tariff, they are paid the
difference. If it exceeds the tariff, the operators are obliged
to make a payment. Projects receiving CfDs are selected as
follows: if the budget set aside for a certain generation
technology is big enough, all applicants receive a CfD. If itis
too small, a tender process decides which bidders win a
contract. The September 2019 auction was the third since
the introduction of the CfD scheme in the United Kingdom.

Entry into the Polish offshore wind business. In the future,
we will also invest in Polish offshore wind farms. Our subsidiary
RWE Renewables International purchased a project pipeline
with a total capacity of over 1.5 GW from several private
owners and developers. The four projects are set to be
implemented on the Stupsk Sandbank in the Baltic Sea. We
already operate several onshore wind farms in Poland.

Neurath C lignite unit placed on security standby. At
the end of September, we took the 300 MW Unit C of the
Neurath lignite-fired power plant offline, placing it on
legally mandated security standby. This was mainly for
environmental reasons. The German Electricity Market Act
obliged the country’s energy sector to take a total of eight
lignite units with a combined capacity of 2.7 GW off the
system between 2016 and 2019. However, these blocks
are to serve as the last resort to ensure security of supply for
four years each, after which they will be shut down for good.
RWE is participating in the lignite security standby scheme
with five 300 MW units. By the end of September 2017, we
had already shut down units P and Q of the Frimmersdorf
power plant, with Niederaussem E and F following suit a
year later.


--- Page 20 ---

Combined review of operations > Major events

Decision on Hambach Forest: Cologne Administrative
Court rejects lawsuit by BUND. On 12 March 2019, the
Cologne Administrative Court ruled that Hambach Forest is
not a potential special area of conservation according to
the EU Directive on the conservation of natural habitats
and of wild fauna and flora. Consequently, the lawsuit filed
by the environmental activist group Bund fur Umwelt und
Naturschutz Deutschland e. V. (BUND) was rejected. In the
opinion of the judges, the approval of the 2018-2020 main
operational plan for the Hambach opencast mine by the
Arnsberg District Council was legal. This plan includes the
clearance of Hambach Forest. However, its admissibility
must be confirmed by the Munster Higher Administrative
Court, which in October 2018 had ordered that clearance
be suspended. Meanwhile, it looks likely that Hambach Forest
will be preserved. As explained on pages 42 et seqq., we
agreed with the German government on an accelerated
phaseout of electricity generation from lignite and an early
closure of the Hambach opencast mine.

RWE ends hard coal firing in Bergkamen, Werne and
Aberthaw. Last year, we discontinued a number of hard
coal operations. Firstly, we sold our 51% shareholding in the
Bergkamen power station to Essen-based energy utility
STEAG. The buyer previously owned 49 % of the plant and
exercised a contractual purchase option. The transaction
entered into effect on 1 January 2019. The Bergkamen
hard coal-fired power station has been in operation since
1981, with a net capacity of 720 MW. RWE was responsible
for the commercial management of this plant, while STEAG
handled technical operations. The disposal of the stake
goes hand in hand with the termination of a contract that
obliged us to purchase electricity produced by the station.

At the end of March 2019, we decommissioned the hard
coal-fired part of the combined Unit K at the Gersteinwerk
station in Werne (Westphalia). The shutdown was motivated
by upcoming maintenance work, which would not have been
cost-effective. Unit K consists of a topping gas turbine (K1)
with a net capacity of 112 MW and the (now decommissioned)
steam turbine (K2), which ran on steam generated by firing
hard coal and had a capacity of 620 MW. Electricity is still
being produced at Gersteinwerk, albeit only from gas. The
station's current available capacity amounts to 965 MW.

In July 2019, we decided to decommission the Aberthaw B
hard coal-fired power plant in Wales early. The station,
which has a net installed capacity of 1,560 MW, was taken
offline in December. Its obligations from the British capacity
market through to the end of September 2021 were
transferred to third parties with a small proportion being
transferred to other units within RWE’s power plant fleet.
Aberthaw B was commissioned in 1971 and has thus
contributed to security of supply in the United Kingdom for
nearly half a century. The closure will bring RWE’s electricity
generation from coal in the United Kingdom to an end.

RWE sells Belgian CHP station. At the end of February
2019, we sold the Inesco CHP station in Belgium to the UK
chemicals group INEOS. This gas-fired power plant is
located in a chemical park operated by INEOS near Antwerp
and has a generation capacity of 133 MW. In addition to
electricity, it also supplies steam and demineralised water to
the companies in the chemical park. One of the reasons for
our decision to sell the station was its tight integration in the
business activities of INEOS.

German government takes over interim storage for highly
radioactive waste from RWE. As of 1 January 2019, our
interim storage facilities for highly radioactive waste on the
sites of our Emsland, Biblis and Gundremmingen nuclear
power plants were transferred to BGZ, the state-owned
company responsible for interim storage. A year later, with
effect from 1 January 2020, BGZ took over another two
interim storage facilities for low- and intermediate-level
radioactive waste in Biblis. The legal basis for this is the law
on the reassignment of responsibility for nuclear waste
disposal, which was passed at the end of 2016, pursuant to
which the government took charge of processing and
financing interim and final nuclear waste storage. In exchange,
German power plant operators gave the government
€24.1 billion in 2017, which was paid into a public-law fund
for financing nuclear waste disposal. Responsibility for shutting
down and safely dismantling the stations remains with the
companies. They are also accountable for packing the
radioactive waste properly before it is handed over to BGZ.

47


--- Page 21 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Events after the close of the fiscal year

German cabinet submits draft coal phaseout law. In late
January 2020, the German cabinet adopted a draft law on
the reduction and end of electricity generation from coal. In
this document, the government specifies how it intends to
implement the recommendations of the Growth, Structural
Change and Employment Commission regarding the
German coal phaseout. As proposed by the Commission,
it is envisaged that Germany gradually stop generating
electricity from coal by 2038. The draft law contains a
timeline for this. There is also a roadmap for shutting down
lignite-fired power stations, which the government agreed
with the affected states and energy companies beforehand.
We have been awarded €2.6 billion in compensation for the
early closure of power plants and opencast mines in the
Rhenish lignite mining region. However, we estimate that our
actual financial burdens will be much higher. The draft law
stipulates that hard coal power plants participate in calls for
tenders in which their operators can apply for compensation
for early closures of their stations. Detailed information on
this topic can be found on pages 42 et seqq.

RWE acquires state-of-the-art gas-fired power plant in
the east of England. We cemented our position as a leading
generator of electricity from gas in the UK. In mid-February
2020, we bought the King's Lynn gas-fired power station in
Norfolk (eastern England) from the British energy utility
Centrica for £101 million. The station has a net installed
capacity of 382 MW and boasts a high efficiency of 57%.
Its operating mode can be adapted flexibly in response to
demand. A remuneration contract secures fixed capacity
payments for King’s Lynn from October 2020 to
September 2035. Recently, the power plant was modernised
extensively and equipped with a new gas turbine.

48

British capacity market auction for 2022/2023: RWE
secures payments for 6.5 GW in generation capacity.
Early 2020 saw several auctions for the British capacity
market. The first round of bids, which took place at the end
of January, related to the delivery period from 1 October 2022
to 30 September 2023. With the exception of some small
generation assets, all RWE power stations represented in
the auction qualified for a capacity payment. Together, they
have a secured capacity of 6.5 GW. However, at £6.44/kW.
(before being adjusted for inflation), the capacity payment
established in the auction lagged behind the market's
expectations.

At the beginning of February, a second auction was held,
which related to the delivery period from 1 October 2020 to
30 September 2021. An earlier auction for this delivery
period had already taken place in December 2016, at which
RWE stations with a total capacity of 8.0 GW (including
Aberthaw) qualified for a payment of £22.50/kW. Contracts
for an additional 1.0 GW in generation capacity for a
payment of £1.00/kW were won at the recent auction. RWE
entered a small asset, which did not submit a successful bid.

The British government has scheduled a further auction for
early March 2020, in order to secure the generation
capacity needed for the period from 1 October 2023 to
30 September 2024. The results were not known when the
review of operations was prepared.


--- Page 22 ---

Combined review of operations > Notes on reporting

1.6 Notes on reporting

We executed major parts of our asset swap with E.ON in September 2019. This affected both our key financials as
well as our financial reporting. The renewable energy business we received from E.ON has been included in our
consolidated financial statements as a new segment. Therefore, the presentation of our business performance in
2019 is based on a Group structure with five segments, which we describe in detail in this chapter.

Effects of the asset swap with E.ON on our financial
reporting. In September 2019, we executed a large part of
our asset swap with E.ON, on which we provide detailed
information on page 45. We present how the transaction is
reflected in our financial reporting on the past fiscal year
below:

+ innogy’s grid and retail businesses remaining with EON
for good and the 50.04 % stake in the Czech gas network
operator IGH sold to the MIRA consortium were
deconsolidated as of 18 and 30 September, respectively.
These activities were recognised in the items
‘discontinued operations’ in the income statement and
‘assets/liabilities held for sale’ on the balance sheet. As
such, our figures also include the 49 % interest in the

Slovak energy utility VSE, which we intend to transfer to EON.

The innogy operations we are continuing - encompassing
the renewable energy business, the German and Czech
gas storage facilities and the 37.9% shareholding in the
Austrian energy utility Kelag - legally belong to E.ON for
the time being, but are assigned to us in our financial
reporting. Therefore, they continue to contribute to RWE’s
earnings, cash flows and debt. We will receive these
activities from E.ON in 2020 as soon as the formal
requirements for this have been met.

We present the renewable energy business received from
E.ON at the end of September in the newly established
segment ‘Operations acquired from E.ON’. We started
including it in our Group figures on 18 September 2019
although it was legally transferred on a different date. We
started recognising the stakes in the Gundremmingen
and Emsland nuclear power plants we received from the
E.ON subsidiary PreussenElektra in the Lignite & Nuclear
segment with effect from 30 September 2019.

49

Fiscal 2019: Group structure featuring five segments.
In our 2019 financial reporting, we divide the RWE Group
into the following five segments: (1) Lignite & Nuclear,

(2) European Power, (3) Supply & Trading, (4) innogy -
continuing operations, and (5) Operations acquired from
E.ON. The individual segments are as follows:

+ Lignite & Nuclear: This segment encompasses our
German electricity generation from lignite and nuclear
power as well as our lignite production in the Rhineland.
Operating responsibility for these activities lies with RWE
Power. The segment also includes our investments in the
Dutch nuclear power plant operator EPZ (30%) and the
German company URANIT (50%), which holds a 33%
stake in Urenco, a uranium enrichment specialist.

+ European Power: This is where we report on our electricity
production from gas, hard coal and biomass, which
focuses on Germany, the United Kingdom and the Benelux
region. The segment also includes our 70% stake in the
Turkish gas-fired power station Denizli, some hydroelectric
power plants in Germany and Luxembourg, and RWE
Technology International, which specialises in project
management and engineering services. All of these
activities are overseen by RWE Generation.

+ Supply & Trading: This division encompasses the
operations of RWE Supply & Trading, the business activities
of which are presented on pages 30 et seq. The company
specialises in independent commodity trading, acts as an
intermediary for gas, and supplies large industrial and
corporate customers with energy. Furthermore, it markets
the electricity of our generation companies and optimises
the Group's power plant dispatch commercially; however,
earnings achieved through the latter activities are reported
in the Lignite & Nuclear and European Power segments.


--- Page 23 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

+ innogy - continuing operations: The main element in this
segment is innogy’s renewable energy business. The
company ranks among the leading producers of electricity
from renewable sources, with a strong focus on Europe -
in particular Germany and the United Kingdom - and with
footholds in North America and Australia. The focus in
terms of energy sources rests on wind, followed by hydro.
and solar. This segment also includes the German and
Czech gas storage facilities as well as the 37.9% interest
in the Austria-based energy utility Kelag.

+ Operations acquired from E.ON: This is where we present

the renewable energy operations we received from E.ON.

Its geographical focus is on North America and Europe.
By far its main source of energy is wind, supplemented
by smaller solar and energy storage activities. After their
acquisition in September 2019, we pooled these operations
in RWE Renewables GmbH, which was founded in 2018.

Group companies with cross-segment tasks like the
Group holding company RWE AG are stated under ‘other,
consolidation’. This item also includes our 25.1% stake in
the German transmission system operator Amprion and
consolidation effects.

Adoption of IFRS 16: higher net debt, higher
depreciation. We began applying the new accounting
standard IFRS 16 Leases in fiscal 2019. Consequently,
leases are now reported on the balance sheet, unless they
are short-term (up to twelve months) or relate to low-value
assets. The lessee must recognise a right-of-use asset and
a corresponding lease liability in the amount of the present
value of the future lease payments. Further details on this
can be found on page 115 in the Notes. This methodological
change leads to an increase in the balance-sheet total and
net debt. On the income statement, depreciation increases
and the financial result declines, but these effects are offset
by fairly similar changes in adjusted EBITDA, leaving net
income almost unchanged. Prior-year figures were not
adjusted.

50

Forward-looking statements. This annual report
contains forward-looking statements regarding the future
development of the RWE Group and its companies as well
as of the economic and political environment. These
statements are assessments that we have made based on
information available to us at the time this document was
prepared. In the event that the underlying assumptions
do not materialise or unforeseen risks arise, actual
developments can deviate from the developments
expected at present. Therefore, we cannot assume
responsibility for the correctness of these statements.

References to the internet. The contents of pages on the
internet and publications to which we refer in the review
of operations are not part of the review of operations and
are merely intended to provide additional information.
The corporate governance declaration in accordance with
Section 289f as well as Section 315d of the German
Commercial Code is an exception.


--- Page 24 ---

Combined review of operations > Business performance

1.7 Business performance

Business in 2019 was so successful that we made substantial upward corrections to our earnings forecast during the
year. We closed the year with an adjusted EBITDA of €2.5 billion, far above the previous year’s level. The main driver was
our exceptionally strong trading performance. In addition, we benefited from the acquisition of E.ON’s renewable energy
business and the resumption of the capacity payments for our British power stations. Besides recording a substantial
increase in our earnings position, we saw a significant decrease in our carbon footprint, which shrank by one quarter

compared to 2018.

Business performance in 2019: what we forecast and what we accomplished

Outlook vs. actual 2018 Original forecast Adjusted forecast 2019 Forecast fulfilled?
€ million actual for 20197 for2019 actual
Adjusted EBITDA 1,538 1,400-1,700 2,200-2,500 2,489

Lignite & Nuclear 356 300-400 300-400 374

European Power 334 250-350 450-550 453

Significantly

Supply & Trading 183 100-300 above 300 702

innogy - continuing operations 699 800-900 800-900 833

Operations acquired from E.ON = = 200-300 253

1 We announced our original forecast for 2019 on pages 83 et seq. of the 2018 Annual Report, which was published on 14 March 2019. The forecast
was updated twice thereafter. The column ‘Adjusted forecast for 2019" reflects the latest update; see page 16 of the interim statement on the first

three quarters of 2019, which was published on 14 November 2019.

Electricity generation 13 % down on previous year. In the
financial year that just came to a close, the RWE Group
produced 153.2 billion kWh of electricity, of which 33% was
from gas, 32% from lignite, 9 % from hard coal, 14 % from
nuclear, and 11% from renewables. Our electricity
production was 13 % lower than in the previous year. We
recorded the steepest decrease at our lignite-fired power
stations (- 18.9 billion kWh). Market conditions and
overhauls played a role in the reduction in operating hours
of stations, as did the preliminary halt to the clearance of
Hambach Forest, which limited our lignite production.
Moreover, we switched off Niederaussem Units E and F at
the end of September 2018 (295 MW and 299 MW,
respectively) followed by Neurath's Unit C (292 MW) a year
later, and put them into the statutory security standby
scheme. Furthermore, the Hungary-based power producer
Matra stopped contributing to our generation, because we
sold our 51% stake in the company in 2018. Electricity
generation from hard coal also experienced a substantial
drop (- 13.2 billion kWh), with unfavourable market
conditions and power plant outages for overhauls also
coming to bear here. Further declines in volume resulted
from the sale of our majority interest in the Bergkamen

51

power station and the end of production from coal at
Gersteinwerk in Werne (see page 47). Downtime caused
by overhauls led to a drop in nuclear energy generation
(-0.6 billion kWh). By contrast, gas-fired power plants
produced more electricity (+ 3.6 billion kWh), benefiting from
improved market conditions. We posted an even bigger gain
in renewable energy (+ 6.5 billion kWh), which was primarily
attributable to the E.ON operations we acquired in
September 2019. They produced 4.5 billion kWh of
electricity in the three-and-half months during which they
belonged to the RWE Group. In addition, we started biomass
co-firing at our Dutch Amer 9 and Eemshaven hard coal
power stations. At innogy, the commissioning of new wind
turbines had a positive effect, while more favourable
weather conditions improved the use of existing capacity.

In addition to our in-house generation, we procure electricity
from suppliers outside of the Group. In the year being
reviewed, these purchases totalled 46.4 billion kWh
(previous year: 49.0 billion kWh). In-house generation and
power purchases combined for 199.6 billion kWh (previous
year: 225.0 billion kWh).


--- Page 25 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Power generation Renewables Pumped Gas Lignite Hard coal Nuclear Total?
storage,
batteries
Billion kWh 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018
Lignite & Nuclear = - = - 0.2 - 48.3 67.2 = - 212 218 701 89.2
European Power 2.2 11 18 2.1 506 47.2 = - 142 27.4 = - 689 78.0
of which:
Germany? 0.2 0.7 18 21 78 5.5 - 4.7 13.0 = - 146 215
United Kingdom 0.4 0.4 = - 335 33.2 - 0.7 0.5 = - 346 34.1
Netherlands/Belgium 16 - - - 6.6 5.5 - 88 13.9 - - 170 19.4
Turkey = - = - 27 3.0 - = - = - 27 3.0
innogy - continuing
operations Qi 8.8 = - = - = - = - = - Sr 8.8
Operations acquired
from E.ON 45 - = - = - = - = - 2 - 45 -
RWE Group 16.4 9.9 18 2.1 508 47.2 483 67.2 14.2 274 21.2 21.8 153.2 176.0

1. Including capacity not attributable to any of the energy sources mentioned (e.g. cil-fired power stations).
2 Including electricity from generation assets not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term use agreements.
in 2019, 3.6 billion kWh were purchased (previous year: 5.0 billion kWh), of which 1.5 billion kWh were from hard coal-fired power stations (previous year:

2.3 billion kWh).

Rise in generation capacity thanks to asset swap with
E.ON. At the end of 2019, we had a total installed power
generation capacity of 42.9 GW, giving us a leading market
position in Europe. This figure includes power plants that we
took offline temporarily for economic reasons and the five
lignite units we put into security standby. Our generation
capacity grew by 1.9 GW over the course of the past year.
This was attributable to renewables, which accounted for an
installed capacity of 9.2 GW at the end of 2019. This figure
was calculated applying IFRS consolidation principles, which
explains why it deviates from the disclosure on page 28. It
was 5.3 GW higher than the previous year's figure, above all
due to the acquisition of E.ON's renewable energy business.
In addition, we converted the Dutch Amer 9 and Eemshaven
hard coal-fired power stations to co-fire biomass and
commissioned new wind turbines. Conversely, we recorded a
significant drop in hard coal-fired capacity, which declined
by 3.2 GW. This was mainly due to the shutdown of
Aberthaw B in Wales and parts of Gersteinwerk as well as
the sale of our 51% stake in the Bergkamen power plant
(see page 47). The aforementioned retrofits of Amer 9 and
Eemshaven for biomass co-firing also contributed to the
reduction in installed hard coal-fired capacity.

52

In terms of generation capacity, gas is our major source of
energy. At the end of 2019, it accounted for 33%. Lignite
was in second place with 24 %, followed by renewables with
21%. Disregarding the five lignite units we placed in security
stand-by, renewables, consisting of wind, hydro, biomass
and photovoltaics, are already in second place in the

RWE Group. A detailed overview of our generation capacity
based on renewables is provided on the next page.

The geographic focus of our generation business is Germany,
where 55 % of our installed capacity is located. The United
Kingdom and the Netherlands follow, accounting for shares
of 21% and 12%, respectively. As a result of the acquisition
of E.ON's renewable energy business, the USA has become
our fourth most important generation site. Nearly half of our
onshore wind turbines are situated there, making the USA
our single-largest market for renewable energy.


--- Page 26 ---

Combined review of operations > Business performance

Power generation capacity Renewables Pumpedstorage, Gas _Lignite Hardcoal Nuclear Total? Total?
As of 31 Dec 2019, in MW batteries 31 Dec 2018
Lignite & Nuclear 7 - 400 10,255 - 2770 13,459 13,459
European Power 670 2,336 13,553 - 3,977 - 20,879 23,906
of which:
Germany? 55 2,336 3,767 - 2,341 - 8,538 9,872
United Kingdom 55 - 6676 - - - 7,035 8,595
Netherlands/Belgium 560 - 2,323 - 1,636 - 4,519 4,652
Turkey - - 787 - - - 787 787
innogy - continuing
operations 3,639 - - - - - 3,639 3,571
Operations acquired
from E.ON 4,864 20 - - - - 4,884 -
RWE Group 9,180 2,358° 13,953 10,255 3,977 2,770 42,8633 40,937:

1 Including capacity not attributable to any of the energy sources mentioned (e.g. oil-fired power stations).

2 Including capacity not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term use agreements. As of the end of 2019, as in the previous

year, it amounted to a net 2,986 MW, including hard coal-fired power stations with a total capacity of 783 MW.
3 Including insignificant capacity at RWE Supply & Trading.

Generation capacity based on Offshore Onshore Solar Hydro Biomass Total Total
renewables wind wind

As of 31 Dec 2019, in MW 31Dec 2018
Germany 597 666 2 435 6 1,706 1,366
United Kingdom 1,272 706 - 82 55 2,115 1,165
Netherlands - 295 - 1 549 855 517
Poland - 385 1 - - 386 242
Spain - 447 - 12 - 459 459
Italy - 475 - - - 475 90
USA - 2,824 125 - - 2,949 -
Others 48 126 - 61 - 235 73
RWE Group 1,917 5,924 128 601 610 9,180 3,912

Significant declit

in CO, emissions. Last year, our power We purchase nearly all of the emission allowances we

stations emitted 88.1 million metric tons of carbon dioxide. need on the market. Since the beginning of the third
This was 29.9 million metric tons, or 25%, less than in 2018. — emissions trading period, which started on 1 January 2013,

The main reason for the decline was the substantial the countries of Western Europe have only allocated free
reduction in electricity generation from lignite and hard coal + CO2 certificates to energy utilities in exceptional cases. Of
last year. We posted a decline not only in our absolute but our emissions in EU countries (87.1 million metric tons) in
also our specific emissions, i.e. carbon dioxide emissions per —_ the year being reviewed, we were only able to cover
megawatt hour of electricity generated, which dropped 1.1 million metric tons with such state allocations.

from 0.67 to 0.58 metric tons.

53


--- Page 27 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Emissions balance COz emissions Free allocation of CO3 Shortage of COz
certificates certificates
Million metric tons of CO5 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018
Lignite & Nuclear 57.7 79.4 0.6 0.7 Br.il 78.7
European Power 30.4 38.6 0.5 0.6 28.9 36.9
of which:
Germany* 7.4 13.0 0.5 0.6 69 12.4
United Kingdom 12S) 12.4 = - 128) 12.4
Netherlands/Belgium Sil 12.1 - - Sil 12.1
Turkey? 1.0 11 = - = -
innogy - continuing operations = - = - = -
Operations acquired from E.ON = - = - = -
RWE Group 88.1 118.0 11 1.3 86.0 115.6

1 Including figures relating to generation capacity not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term use agreements.
In 2019, these stations emitted a total of 1.3 million metric tons of CO2 (previous year: 2.0 million metric tons)
2 As Turkey does not participate in European emissions trading, we do not need emission allowances to cover CO2 emissions in that country.

64.8 million metric tons of lignite produced. Our generation
companies procure the fuel used by their power stations
either directly on the market or via RWE Supply & Trading.
We source lignite from proprietary opencast mines. In our
Rhenish mining area west of Cologne, we produced

64.8 million metric tons of lignite last year. This was

21.5 million metric tons less than in the preceding year, in
part due to the halt to the clearance of Hambach Forest
and the resulting curtailment of our opencast mining
activities. We used the lion's share, or 53.8 million metric tons,
of lignite to generate electricity. The remainder was used to
manufacture refined products (e.g. lignite briquettes) and, to
alimited extent, to generate process steam and district heat.

Electricity and gas sales down year on year. Last year, we
sold 192.0 billion kWh of electricity and 56.6 billion kWh of
gas. In 2018, these figures stood at 216.1 billion kWh and
67.0 billion kWh, respectively. Most of these transactions
were concluded in the Supply & Trading segment. Electricity
sales experienced a drop of 11%, largely due to declining

in-house production, which resulted in a drop in electricity
from RWE power stations sold by RWE Supply & Trading

on the wholesale market. Gas deliveries were down 16%.
This was mainly because we now classify gas sales by

RWE Supply & Trading in the Czech Republic merely as pure
trading transactions. The change in accounting occurred
with effect from 1 July 2019. Since then, the affected
transactions have no longer been considered in our sales
volume or revenue.

External revenue* 2019 2018 +/-
€ million

Lignite & Nuclear 1,003 1,132 -129
European Power 1,062 925 137
Supply & Trading 9,514 10,208 -694
innogy - continuing operations 1,164 1,124 40
Operations acquired from E.ON 374 - 374
Other, consolidation 8 17 -9
RWE Group (excluding natural gas tax/electricity tax) 13,125 13,406 -281
Natural gas tax/electricity tax 152 141 11
RWE Group 13,277 13,547 -270

1. Some prior-year figures have been adjusted, mainly due to changes in the recognition of revenue from derivative transactions (see page 98 in the Notes).

54


--- Page 28 ---

Combined review of operations > Business performance

External revenue by product? 2019 2018 +/-
€ million
Electricity revenue 10,272 10,121 151
of which:
Lignite & Nuclear 282 303 -21
European Power 620 542 78
Supply & Trading 8,259 8,478 -219
innogy - continuing operations 869 799 70
Operations acquired from E.ON 242 - 242
Gas revenue 1,156 1,547 -391
of which:
European Power 12 17 -5
Supply & Trading 1,094 1,484 -390
innogy - continuing operations 50 47 3
Other revenue 1,697 1,738 -41
RWE Group (excluding natural gas tax/electricity tax) 13,125 13,406 -281

1. Some prior-year figures have been adjusted, mainly due to changes in the recognition of revenue from derivative transactions (see page 98 in the Notes).
Immaterial electricity revenue in the ‘other, consolidation item is not stated separately.

External revenue marginally down. In 2019, the RWE
Group's external revenue declined by 2% to €13,125 million
(excluding natural gas tax and electricity tax). The drop
was primarily due to the 25% decline in gas revenue to
€1,156 million. As mentioned earlier, since 1 July 2019 gas
sales by RWE Supply & Trading in the Czech Republic have
been recognised as pure trading transactions and are

therefore no longer considered in revenue. We recorded
€10,272 million in revenue from our main product,
electricity, corresponding to a marginal gain year on year.
The backdrop to this is that RWE Supply & Trading realised
higher prices for electricity on the wholesale market,
whereas the reduction in sales volume had a counteracting
effect.

Adjusted EBITDA 2019 2018 +/-
€ million

Lignite & Nuclear 374 356 18
European Power? 453 334 119
Supply & Trading 702 183 519
innogy - continuing operations 833 699 134
Operations acquired from E.ON 253 - 253
Other, consolidation -126 -34 -92
RWE Group 2,489 1,538 951

1 Inthe period under review, €368 million was attributable to the UK (previous year: €102 million).

55


--- Page 29 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Adjusted EBITDA jumps 62%. Our adjusted earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation
(adjusted EBITDA) amounted to €2,489 million. This was at
the upper end of the range of €2.2 billion to €2.5 billion we
forecast in November 2019 (see page 16 of the interim
statement on the first three quarters of 2019). Our March
2019 forecast envisaged adjusted EBITDA of €1.4 billion to

€1,7 billion (see pages 83 et seq. of the 2018 Annual Report).

We clearly exceeded this expectation. Our exceptional
trading performance played a major role. Furthermore, we
benefited from the reinstatement of the British capacity
market and the acquisition of E.ON’s renewable energy
business, neither of which had been considered in our first
forecast. Our adjusted EBITDA rose by 62% compared to
the previous year, largely driven by the aforementioned
factors. In addition, earnings from the continuing innogy
operations were significantly higher year on year, as we had
expected.

The following developments were observed in the segments:

+ Lignite &Nuclear: This division's adjusted EBITDA totalled
€374 million, which is within the forecast range of
€300 million to €400 million. It represents an increase of
5% compared to the previous year. A positive effect was
felt from our realisation of slightly higher wholesale prices
for the generation from our lignite-fired and nuclear
power stations than in 2018. We had already sold forward
nearly all of the production of these plants in earlier
years. The acquisition of the minority interests in the
Gundremmingen and Emsland power plants also
contributed to the rise in earnings. This was contrasted
by the negative effects of power plant outages for
maintenance and the preliminary halt to the clearance of
Hambach Forest.

+ European Power: We recorded €453 million in adjusted
EBITDA in this segment. This clearly exceeded the range
of €250 million to €350 million forecast in March 2019.
The reinstatement of the British capacity market came to
bear here, which resulted in retrospective payments being

56

made that had been withheld during the suspension of
the capacity market. Although we received the payments
at the beginning of 2020, the reimbursement was
reflected in earnings in the year being reviewed. We had
not planned for this in our original outlook for 2019. The
reimbursement was the main reason why the segment's
adjusted EBITDA was 36% up year on year. However,
there were also some negative effects, e.g. from a
signifcant drop in the margins and utilisation of our hard
coal-fired power stations.

Supply & Trading: Here, adjusted EBITDA totalled

€702 million, which was substantially above the originally
forecast range of €100 million to €300 million. The
previous year's figure (€183 million) was also clearly
exceeded. The exceptional trading performance was

the main driver. The gas and LNG business of

RWE Supply & Trading also displayed encouraging
development. Furthermore, a burden experienced in
2018 resulting from a value adjustment recognised for
an equity stake did not recur.

innogy - continuing operations: Adjusted EBITDA posted
by the innogy business remaining with RWE amounted to
€833 million, which was within the anticipated range of
€800 million to €900 million. It was 19% higher than in
2018. The overall increase in the use of innogy wind farms
due to the weather played a role. In addition, income from
renewable energy assets that do not receive fixed feed-in
subsidises rose, driven by an increase in realised
electricity prices. The continued expansion of wind power
capacity also had a positive impact on earnings.

Operations acquired from E.ON: We included the
renewable energy business transferred from E.ON to
RWE in our consolidated financial statements as of

18 September 2019. In the last three-and-a-half months
of the year, it posted €253 million in adjusted EBITDA.
This confirmed our November 2019 forecast, which
envisaged a range of €200 million to €300 million. Our
March 2019 outlook did not consider the acquisition of
the E.ON business.


--- Page 30 ---

Combined review of operations > Business performance

Adjusted EBIT 2019 2018 +/-
€ million

Lignite & Nuclear 12 77 -65
European Power? 132 37 95
Supply & Trading 691 177 514
innogy - continuing operations 443 349 94
Operations acquired from E.ON 116 - 116
Other, consolidation -127 -21 -106
RWE Group 1,267 619 648

1 Inthe year under review, €198 million was attributable to the UK (previous year: -€48 million).

Adjusted EBIT more than twice as high as in 2018.
Adjusted EBITDA minus operating depreciation and
amortisation results in adjusted EBIT which, at €1,267 million,
was within the range of €1.1 billion to €1.4 billion forecast in
November 2019. The originally anticipated range of

€0.4 billion to €0.7 billion was clearly exceeded. The deviation
was caused by the same factors that came to bear on
adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBIT more than doubled versus
2018 (€619 million).

Reconciliation to net income: positive one-off effect due
to asset swap with E.ON. The reconciliation from adjusted
EBIT to net income was greatly affected by the asset swap
with E.ON. A €8.3 billion book gain on the deconsolidation of
innogy’s grid and retail business and the stake in IGH came
to bear in particular. It was the reason why we closed fiscal
2019 with unusually high net income.

Non-operati 2019 2018 +/-
€ million

Disposal result 48 -25 73
Impact of derivatives on earnings 81 -146 227
Other -1,210 10 -1,220
Non-operati -1,081 -161 -920

The non-operating result, in which we recognise certain
effects that are not related to operations or to the period
being reviewed, totalled -€1,081 million, which was much
less than in 2018 (previous year: -€161 million). Its
components were as follows:

+ Disposals of investments and assets resulted in earnings
of €48 million (previous year: - €25 million). This was
largely due to the book gains on the sale of the Belgian
gas-fired power plant Inesco and property that was no
longer needed.

The valuation of derivatives had an effect of €81 million
(previous year: - €146 million). However, such effects on
earnings are temporary and are due to the fact that,

57

pursuant to IFRS, financial instruments used to hedge
price risks are accounted for at fair value at the
corresponding balance-sheet date, whereas transactions
which are hedged with them are only recognised as a
profit or loss when they are realised.

Income stated under ‘other’ totalled - €1,210 million
(previous year: €10 million). This reflects a large portion of
the curtailments that will result from the German lignite
phaseout. Impairments recognised for power plants and
opencast mines as well as transfers to provisions for
mining damage reduced income by €2,087 million.
Furthermore, a €347 million provision was formed for
redundancy schemes. A counteracting effect came from
our €2.6 billion claim for damages from the government,


--- Page 31 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

which we also recognised in the non-operating result. The
expected early decommissioning of German hard coal-
fired power stations required additions to provisions and
impairments totalling €432 million. However, these were
contrasted by write-ups on gas-fired power plants and a
pumped storage power station of €363 million. The
Dutch coal phaseout, which has been enshrined in law,
was taken into account by recognising power plant
impairments of €693 million. Another impairment loss
related to the German Nordsee Ost offshore wind farm,

which was subjected to an impairment test because the
insolvency of a service provider required the maintenance
concept to be revised fundamentally. The test led to an
impairment of €225 million. This took account of the fact
that the wind farm, which was completed in 2015, is
being subsidised according to the acceleration model.
This model envisages a very high starting payment, which
is limited to eight years. This is why the fair value of the
wind farm declines faster than what the straight-line
depreciation pursuant to IFRS reflects.

Financial result 2019 2018 +/-
€ million

Interest income 185 166 19
Interest expenses -258 -180 -78
Net interest -73 -14 -59
Interest accretion to non-current provisions -881 -264 -617
Other financial result 16 -131 147
Financial result -938 -409 -529

Our financial result totalled - €938 million, deteriorating by
€529 million compared to 2018. Its components changed as
follows:

+ Netinterest declined by €59 million to -€73 million due
to higher interest expenses, in part as a result of the initial
application of IFRS 16 (see page 50). Furthermore, the
interest expenses include fees paid to top up our credit
line in 2019.

+ The interest accretion to non-current provisions reduced
the result by €881 million, much more than in the
previous year (-€264 million). The main reason for this is
that the real discount rate used to calculate provisions for
mining damage had to be lowered and the associated
rise in the present value of obligations was partially
recognised as an expense in the interest accretion. The
reason for the interest adjustment is the expected
premature end to electricity generation from lignite
within the scope of the German coal phaseout.

The ‘other financial result’ improved to €16 million
(previous year: - €131 million) in part thanks to gains on
our portfolio of securities after losses in the previous year.

58

Owing to the curtailments of the non-operating result and
the financial result, we are stating earnings before taxes
from our continuing operations of - €752 million (previous
year: €49 million). This goes hand in hand with €92 million
in tax income, which is less than what could have been
expected based on the (theoretically) normal effective tax
rate. This is because we did not capitalise any deferred taxes
in the RWE AG tax group unless they were offset by deferred
tax liabilities, because we will probably not be able to use the
deferred tax claims in the foreseeable future. A
counteracting effect came from a reduction of our tax risk
provision. After taxes, our continuing operations generated
income of -€660 million (previous year: -€54 million).

Income from discontinued operations, which encompass
innogy’s grid and retail businesses as well as the stakes in
IGH and VSE, amounted to €9,816 million (previous year:
€1,127 million). The high figure is due to our sale of these
activities, except for the interest in VSE, in September 2019,
which resulted in a deconsolidation gain of €8,258 million.
The assets we sold had been recognised on the consolidated
balance sheet at their historic carrying amounts, whereas
the purchase prices were derived from their fair values,
most of which were much higher. Income from operating


--- Page 32 ---

Combined review of operations > Business performance

Reconciliation to net income 2019 2018 +/-
€ million
Adjusted EBITDA 2,489 1,538 951
Operating depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses -1,222 -919 -303
Adjusted EBIT 1,267 619 648
Non-operating result -1,081 -161 -920
Financial result -938 -409 -529
Income from continuing operations before taxes -752 49 -801
Taxes on income 92 -103 195
Income from continuing operations -660 -54 -606
Income from discontinued operations 9,816 1,127 8,689
Income 9,156 1,073 8,083
of which:
Non-controlling interests 643 679 -36
RWE AG hybrid capital investors’ interest 15 59 -44
Net income/income attributable to RWE AG shareholders 8,498 335 8,163

activities of discontinued operations totalled €1,558 million,
rising substantially year on year although only VSE
contributed to Group earnings for all twelve months of
2019. The increase was due to IFRS accounting policies,
which stipulate that no depreciation or amortisation may
be recognised for discontinued operations since they were
stated separately as of 30 June 2018.

Non-controlling interests in income declined by €36 million
to €643 million. The main reason for this is that post-tax
income from continuing innogy operations declined, driving
down the share in income allocable to the minority
shareholders of these activities.

59

The portion of earnings attributable to RWE hybrid capital
investors amounted to €15 million (previous year:

€59 million). This sum corresponds to the finance costs
related to our £750 million hybrid bond, which was called on
20 March 2019. As this bond did not have a predefined
maturity, the proceeds we recorded from it were classified
as equity pursuant to IFRS. RWE's other hybrid capital is
classified as debt, and we recognise the interest accrued on
it in the financial result.

Due to the aforementioned developments, we closed the
year with exceptionally high net income, which amounted to
€8,498 million (previous year: €335 million). Based on the
614.7 million RWE shares outstanding, this corresponds to
earnings per share of €13.82 (previous year: €0.54).


--- Page 33 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and on inta 2019 2018 +/-
€ million

Lignite & Nuclear 342 230 112
European Power 252 245 7
Supply & Trading 11 13 -2
innogy - continuing operations 1,215 592 623
Operations acquired from E.ON 267 - 267
Other, consolidation 3 -1 4
RWE Group 2,090 1,079 1,011
Capital expenditure on financial assets 2019 2018 +/-
€ million

Lignite & Nuclear 78 - 78
European Power 2 4 -2
Supply & Trading 68 37 31
innogy - continuing operations 23 141 -118
Operations acquired from E.ON 20 - 20
Other, consolidation 7,557 -1 7,558
RWE Group 7,748 181 7,567

Significant rise in capital expenditure due to asset
swap with E.ON. At €9,838 million, our capital expenditure
was exceptionally high (previous year: €1,260 million). This
was primarily due to the asset swap with E.ON. As a result,
our capital spending on financial assets amounted to
€7,748 million (previous year: €181 million). €4.0 billion of
this sum was attributable to the purchase of the 16.7%
stake in E.ON, while €3.6 billion was allocable to the
acquisition of its renewable energy business. As expected,
our capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment
also grew substantially. Totalling €2,090 million, it was

60

nearly twice as high as in 2018. Among other things, this
can be traced back to the construction of the British
offshore wind farm Triton Knoll and the Australian solar farm
Limondale. Further details on these two large-scale projects
can be found on page 38 of the 2018 Annual Report. The
inclusion of E.ON's renewable energy business and power
plant maintenance also contributed to the increase in capital
expenditure on property, plant and equipment. Furthermore,
the adoption of IFRS 16 came to bear, as it resulted in the
capitalisation of rights of use for leased assets.


--- Page 34 ---

Combined review of operations > Business performance

Workforce? 31Dec 2019 31Dec 2018 +/-
Lignite & Nuclear 11,150 11,292 -142
European Power 2,927 2,738 189
Supply & Trading 1,337 1,267 70
innogy - continuing operations 2,505 2,192 313
Operations acquired from E.ON 1,559 - 1,559
Other? 314 259 55
RWE Group 19,792 17,748 2,044

1. Converted to full-time positions.
2 This item exclusively comprises employees of the holding company RWE AG.

Much higher headcount due to acquisition of E.ON
renewable energy business. As of 31 December 2019, the
RWE Group's continuing operations had 19,792 people on
the payroll, of which 15,056 were employed in Germany
and 4,736 worked at locations abroad. Part-time positions
were calculated in these figures on a pro-rata basis.
Compared to the end of 2018, the workforce expanded by
2,044 staff members. This was predominantly due to the
acquisition of E.ON's renewable energy business, which

61

added 1,559 employees, 763 of whom are in the USA. In
purely operating terms, i.e. disregarding the effects of
acquisitions and disposals, our headcount rose by 485,
with the expansion of innogy’s offshore wind capacity being
a major factor. Personnel figures do not include apprentices
or trainees. At the end of 2019, 701 young adults were
learning a profession at RWE, compared to 666 in the
previous year.



--- Page 35 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

1.8 Financial position and net worth

The asset swap with E.ON made RWE more financially robust. Due to the deconsolidation of innogy’s grid and retail
activities, our net debt in 2019 more than halved to €9.3 billion. The asset swap also had a positive effect on the
equity ratio, which rose by 9.4 percentage points to 27.2%. Our solid financial and asset positions are reflected in the

ratings issued by Moody’s and Fitch, with both agencies classifying our creditworthiness as investment grade.

Responsibility for procuring funds. RWE AG regained sole
responsibility for financing within the RWE Group when we
sold our investment in innogy. Although we held a majority
stake in innogy, the company was operationally independent
and therefore took care of the financing of the activities for
which it was responsible. As the parent company, RWE AG is
responsible for acquiring funds from banks or the money
and capital market. Subsidiaries only raise debt capital
directly in specific cases, for example if it is advantageous
economically to make use of local credit and capital
markets. RWE AG also acts as a co-ordinator when
subsidiaries assume contingent liabilities. This allows for
central management and monitoring of financial risks.
Moreover, it strengthens our position when negotiating with
banks, business partners, suppliers and customers.

Tools for raising debt capital. We cover a major portion
of our financing needs with earnings from our operating
activities. In addition, we have a wide range of tools to procure
debt capital.

Our Debt Issuance Programme (DIP) gives us latitude in
procuring debt capital for the long term. A DIP is a
framework prospectus for the flexible issuance of bonds.
Our current programme allows us to make issuances with
a total nominal value of €10 billion. However, RWE AG has
not issued a bond since 2015.

We have a Commercial Paper Programme for short-term
refinancing that enables us to raise funds equivalent to
up to US$5 billion on the money market. We only used a
portion of these funds in the past fiscal year. At times, a
maximum of €3.4 billion in commercial paper was
outstanding.

62

+ Furthermore, we have access to a syndicated credit line,
which serves to secure liquidity. We increased our credit
line from €3 billion to €5 billion in April 2019 by
concluding a new agreement. This was prompted by the
transaction with E.ON, because it increased the operating
activities for which we are responsible. The new credit line
was granted to us by a consortium of 27 international
banks. It consists of two tranches: one tranche of
€3 billion with a tenor of five years and one of €2 billion
with a tenor of two years. With the agreement of the
banks, the former tranche can be extended twice for one
year at a time. The latter tranche can be extended once,
for one year, without requiring approval from the banks.
So far, RWE has not used the syndicated credit line.

Bond volume drops to €1.1 billion. As of 31 December
2019, RWE bonds with a total value of €1.1 billion were
outstanding. Essentially, these were three hybrid bonds:
one of €539 million (2.75 % coupon; earliest possible
redemption in October 2020), one of €282 million (3.5 %;
April 2025) and one of US$317 million (6.625 %;

March 2026). Due to early buybacks in October 2017, the
amounts are lower than the issue volumes (€700 million,
€550 million and US$500 million). A fourth hybrid bond with
acoupon of 7% and a nominal value of £750 million was
redeemed at the first call date, on 20 March 2019, without
replacing it with new hybrid capital. Therefore, the volume of
RWE AG bonds as of the balance-sheet date was notably
lower than at the end of 2018 (€1.9 billion).


--- Page 36 ---

Combined review of operations > Financial position and net worth

Credit rating of RWE AG (as of 31 Dec 2019) Moody's, Fitch
Non-current financial liabilities
Senior debt Baa3 BBB
Subordinated debt (hybrid bonds) Ba2 BB+
Current financial liabilities P-3 F2
Outlook Stable Stable

Borrowing costs down to 1.4%. In 2019, the cost of debt
for RWE was 1.4%. It was calculated for our average
liabilities from bonds, commercial paper and bank loans
held during the year. The £750 million bond redeemed in
March 2019 was not considered, as it was classified as
equity pursuant to IFRS. The cost of debt declined
considerably compared to 2018 (2.9%). This was because
we made more use of commercial paper with favourable
interest rates to refinance our business in the reporting year.

Solid investment grade rating. The level of our borrowing
costs partially depends on the rating agencies’ assessment
of our creditworthiness. We have commissioned Moody's
and Fitch to provide such credit ratings. Moody's gives our
long-term creditworthiness a rating of ‘Baa3’, which was
confirmed in October 2019 after an extensive review. Fitch
rates us one grade better at ‘BBB’. Both agencies thus attest
to our investment grade creditworthiness - each with a
stable rating outlook.

Cash flow statement 2019 2018 +/-
€ million

Funds from operations 1,809 138 1,671
Change in working capital -2,786 4,473 -7,259
Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations -977 4,611 -5,588
Cash flows from investing activities of continuing operations 474 -2,999 3,473
Cash flows from financing activities of continuing operations 189 -1,559 1,748
Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates and other changes in value

on cash and cash equivalents 13 13 -
Total net changes in cash and cash equivalents -301 66 -367
Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations -977 4,611 -5,588
Minus capital expenditure -1,771 -1,246 -525
Plus proceeds from divestitures/asset disposals? 695 74 621
Free cash flow -2,053 3,439 -5,492

1 Allitems relate solely to continuing operations.
2 This item solely relates to transactions with an effect on cash.

Operating cash flows: high outflows from the realisation
of commodity forward transactions. Despite a significant
improvement in our funds from operations, our cash flows
from operating activities of continuing operations declined
to -€977 million (previous year: €4,611 million). This was
mainly due to transactions reflected in the change in net
working capital. For example, there were substantial cash
outflows in the period under review from the realisation of

63

commodity forward transactions, for which we had received
high variation margins before 2019. Variation margins are
payments with which transaction partners offset profit and
loss positions resulting from the daily revaluation of active
contracts. However, their influence on cash flows is
temporary and ends once the forward transactions are
realised.


--- Page 37 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Investing activities of continuing operations resulted in a net
cash inflow of €474 million. This was mainly due to income
from the sale of securities, whereas capital expenditure on
property, plant and equipment and financial assets had a
counteracting effect. In the previous year, we recorded a
cash outflow of €2,999 million in part due to substantial

purchases of securities.

Cash flows from financing activities of continuing operations
amounted to €189 million (previous year: -€1,559 million).
In the year under review, we took on more financial debt
than we repaid. This resulted in a net inflow of €1,678 million
which was contrasted by the redemption of the £750 million
hybrid bond not included in financial liabilities, which led to

an outflow of €869 million. On top of that, we made
dividend payments to RWE shareholders, hybrid investors
and co-owners of fully consolidated RWE companies
amounting to €560 million.

On balance, the aforementioned cash flows from operating,
investing and financing activities decreased our cash and
cash equivalents by €301 million.

Our free cash flow amounted to - €2,053 million. This was
far below the previous year’s level (€3,439 million), primarily
due to declining operating cash flows.

Net debt 31Dec 2019 31Dec 2018 +/-
€ million
Cash and cash equivalents 3,192 3,523 -331
Marketable securities 3,523 3,863 -340
Other financial assets 4,983 2,809 2,174
Financial assets 11,698 10,195 1,503
Bonds, other notes payable, bank debt, commercial paper 2,466 1,657 809
Hedging of bond currency risk 7 12 -5
Other financial liabilities 3,268 1,107 2,161
Financial liabilities 5,741 2,776 2,965
Correction of hybrid capital -562 -88 -474
Plus 50% of the hybrid capital stated as equity = 470 -470
Minus 50% of the hybrid capital stated as debt -562 -558 -4
Net financial assets (including correction of hybrid capital) 6,519 7,507 -988
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 3,446 3,287 159
Surplus of plan assets over benefit obligations -153 -213 60
Provisions for nuclear waste management 6,723 5,044 779
Provisions for mining damage 4618 2,516 2,102
Provisions for dismantling wind farms 951 362 589
Net debt of continuing operations 9,066 4,389 4,677
Net debt of discontinued operations 232 14,950 -14,718
Net debt 9,298 19,339 -10,041

64


--- Page 38 ---

Combined review of operations > Financial position and net worth

Notable debt reduction due to deconsolidation of
innogy’s grid and retail businesses. As of 31 December
2019, our net debt amounted to €9.3 billion. This represents
a decline of €10.0 billion compared to the end of the
previous year. The asset swap with E.ON played a major role.

Net debt of discontinued operations dropped by

€14,7 billion to €0.2 billion. This was due to the
deconsolidation of innogy’s grid and retail businesses,
which were sold to E.ON, and of the 50.04% stake in Czech
gas network operator IGH, which we sold to the MIRA
consortium. The remainder was attributable to our stake in
Slovakian energy provider VSE, which we acquired from
innogy in 2019 and plan to sell on to E.ON.

Conversely, as expected, net debt of continuing operations
rose considerably, by €4.7 billion to €9.1 billion. The
negative free cash flow came to bear here. Effects from the
asset swap with E.ON factored in at €3.0 billion, of which
€1.5 billion was attributable to the net debt which we
assumed from E.ON's renewable energy business,

€0.7 billion was attributable to additional nuclear provisions
and another €0.7 billion to the purchase price for VSE paid
to innogy. The German coal phaseout also affected net
debt. It was the main reason why provisions for mining
damage rose by €2.1 billion. We are claiming €2.6 billion in
compensation from the government, which should cover
the majority of the financial damage we will suffer from the
coal phaseout. This is recognised in other financial assets
and had a counteracting effect. The adoption of IFRS 16
drove up net debt by €0.4 billion. Another €0.4 billion stems
from our redemption of the £750 million hybrid bond,
eliminating the advantage of classifying half of it as equity.
However, at the same time, innogy repaid a loan to us which
was about as high as the redemption amount. This resulted
from an agreement that our former subsidiary had reached
with us prior to its IPO in 2016 (see page 52 of the 2016
Annual Report).

65

Slightly lower off-balance-sheet obligations from
electricity and fuel. Net debt does not include our
off-balance-sheet obligations, which largely stem from
long-term fuel and electricity purchase agreements. As of
the balance-sheet date, payment obligations from material
procurement contracts amounted to €27.1 billion for fuel
(previous year: €27.9 billion) and €7.1 billion for electricity
(previous year: €7.8 billion). These figures are based on
assumptions regarding the prospective development of
commodity prices. For further information on our off-
balance-sheet obligations, please see page 168 in the Notes.

Group balance sheet: equity ratio increased to 27.2%.
The asset swap with E.ON had a notable impact on the
Group balance sheet. This was the main reason why the
balance-sheet total decreased by €15.9 billion to

€64.2 billion compared to the end of 2018. Due to the
deconsolidation of the innogy operations continued by E.ON
and the stake in IGH, assets held for sale dropped from
€40.5 billion to €1.3 billion and liabilities held for sale fell
from €32.8 billion to €0.5 billion. By contrast, the first-time
consolidation of the acquired E.ON activities inflated the
balance sheet by €12.2 billion. The RWE Group's equity
increased by €3.2 billion. As of the cut-off date for the
financial statements, its share in the balance-sheet total
(equity ratio) was 27.2%, 9.4 percentage points higher than
at the end of the previous year. The main reason was the
substantial gain on the deconsolidation of innogy’s grid and
retail businesses. This was counteracted by the fact that the
non-controlling interests decreased. Our dividend payments
and the redemption of the £750 million hybrid bond also
contributed to the reduction in equity.


--- Page 39 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Group balance-sheet structure 31 Dec 2019 31 Dec 2018
€ million % € million %
Assets
Non-current assets 35,951 56.0 18,595 23.2
of which:
Intangible assets 4,809 75 2,193 27
Property, plant and equipment 19,097 29.7 12,409 15.5
Current assets 28,241 44.0 61,513 768
of which:
Trade accounts receivable 3,621 5.6 1,963 25
Receivables and other assets 15,311 23.9 10,291 128
Marketable securities 3,258 5.1 3,609 45
Assets held for sale 1,274 2.0 40,496 50.6
Total 64,192 100.0 80,108 100.0
Equity and liabilities
Equity 17,448 27.2 14,257 178
Non-current liabilities 27,018 421 20,007 25.0
of which:
Provisions* 18,936 29.5 14,366 179
Financial liabilities 3,924 61 1,998 25
Current liabilities 19,726 307 45,844 57.2
of which:
Provisions 2,638 4.1 2,572 3.2
Financial liabilities 1,810 28 766 10
Trade accounts payable 2,987 47 2,429 3.0
Other liabilities 11,781 18.4 7,281 9.1
Liabilities held for sale 510 08 32,796 40.9
Total 64,192 100.0 80,108 100.0

1 Prior-year figures adjusted: see commentary on page 116 in the Notes.

66


--- Page 40 ---

Combined review of operations > Notes to the financial statements of RWE AG (holding company)

1.9 Notes to the financial statements of RWE AG
(holding company)

The financial statements of RWE AG primarily reflect the business performance of its subsidiaries. Thanks to its
strong trading performance, RWE Supply & Trading contributed in particular to the Group parent's earnings last year.
However, there were also some burdens, for example as a result of impairments triggered by the Dutch coal phaseout.
At €514 million, RWE AG’s net profit was slightly higher than in 2018. We intend to raise the dividend and therefore
propose a payment of €0.80 per share to the Annual General Meeting taking place in April 2020.

Financial statements. RWE AG prepares its financial Germany, which publishes them in the Federal Gazette.
statements in compliance with the rules set out in the The financial statements of RWE AG can be ordered
German Commercial Code and the German Stock directly from us and are also available on the internet at
Corporation Act. The financial statements are submitted www.rwe.com/reports.

to Bundesanzeiger Verlag GmbH, located in Cologne,

Balance sheet of RWE AG (abridged) 31Dec 2019 31Dec 2018
€ million

Assets

Financial assets 20,628 25,166
Accounts receivable from affiliated companies 10,233, 3,669
Other accounts receivable and other assets 6,056 479
Marketable securities and cash and cash equivalents Zee) 4,864
Total assets 39,846 34,178

Equity and liabilities

Equity 5,738 5,654
Provisions 2,237 2,700
Accounts payable to affiliated companies 29,213 23,169
Other liabilities 2,658 2,655
Total equity and liabi 39,846 34,178
Income statement of RWE AG (abridged) 2019 2018
€ million

Income from financial assets 1,758 1,091
Net interest 31 -391
Other income and expenses -1,550 -227
Taxes on income 275 -1
Net profit 514 472
Transfer to other retained earnings =22. -42
Distributable profit 492 430

67


--- Page 41 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Assets. RWE AG had €39.8 billion in total assets as of

31 December 2019, compared to €34.2 billion in the prior
year. This is mainly due to the effects of the asset swap with
E.ON. For example, RWE transferred the renewable energy
business received from E.ON to a subsidiary, resulting in a
corresponding account receivable from that company.
Conversely, the sale of the stake in innogy held by another
subsidiary led to a liability vis-a-vis that company. However,
some developments reduced the balance-sheet total.
Among other things, securities and cash and cash
equivalents were down. Here, the cash outflows from

the realisation of commodity forwards relating to

RWE Supply & Trading set out on page 63 came to bear. At
the end of 2019, the equity ratio was 14.4%. Due to the rise
in total assets, it was lower than in the previous year (16.5%).

Financial position. RWE AG is set up solidly in economic
terms and has a number of financing tools at its disposal
that it can use flexibly. This is reflected in our credit ratings,
which are investment grade. A detailed presentation of
RWE's financial position and financing activity in the year
under review has been made on pages 62 et seqq.

Earnings position. RWE AG's earnings position improved
slightly compared to 2018. The main items on the income
statement developed as follows:

+ Income from financial assets rose by €667 million to
€1,758 million. The exceptional energy trading
performance was a major driver. In addition, the business
activities received from E.ON contributed to earnings for
the first time. However, there were also some curtailing
factors such as the significant deterioration of market
conditions for hard coal-fired power plants faced by
RWE Generation.

+ Net interest also improved considerably, advancing by
€422 million to €31 million. This was due to substantial
capital gains from pension fund management.

68

+ The ‘other income and expenses line item deteriorated by
€1,323 million to - €1,550 million. The main reason for
this was an impairment recognised for financial accounts
receivable from a Dutch subsidiary, the earnings
prospects of which deteriorated considerably due to the
coal phaseout mandated by law. Furthermore, IT projects
drove up expenses at RWE AG.

In the year under review, we recorded tax income of
€275 million, largely because we reduced our tax risk
provision and received tax refunds for earlier years.

RWE AG had recorded a tax expense of €1 million in 2018.

+ The presented earnings figures lead to net profit of
€514 million. This represents an improvement of
€42 million compared to 2018.

+ The distributable profit of €492 million corresponds to
the planned payment of a dividend of €0.80 per share to
our shareholders.

Outlook for 2020. RWE AG's earnings prospects will largely
depend on the business performance of its subsidiaries.
Our current assessment makes us confident of being able
to achieve a net profit in 2020 that is slightly higher than
in 2019.

Corporate governance declaration in accordance with
Section 289f and Section 315d of the German
Commercial Code. On 14 February 2020, the Executive
Board and the Supervisory Board of RWE AG issued a
corporate governance declaration in accordance with
Section 289f and Section 315d of the German Commercial
Code. The declaration contains the Corporate
Governance Report for the first time and has been
published on the internet at www.rwe.com/corporate-
governance-declaration.


--- Page 42 ---

Combined review of operations > Presentation of the RWE Group with innogy as a purely financial investment

1.10 Presentation of the RWE Group with innogy as a
purely financial investment

For fiscal 2019, we are also presenting Group figures reflecting our former subsidiary innogy as a purely financial
investment for the last time. We do not apply the principles of consolidation pursuant to IFRS to determine these
figures. In doing so, we do not consider innogy based on its earnings, but on the dividend we are paid. Applying this
method leads to adjusted EBITDA of €2.1 billion and adjusted net income of €1.2 billion for the Group. This is much
more than we had predicted originally. The main reasons for this were our strong trading performance and the
reinstatement of the British capacity market.

Former subsidiary innogy: full consolidation of limited This largely disregards the effects of the asset swap with
informational value. International Financial Reporting E.ON (e.g. the acquisition of the renewable energy business).
Standards (IFRS) stipulate that we fully consolidate Therefore, the figures give some insight into the business
companies that are directly or indirectly controlled by trend that is virtually untainted by the exceptional effects of
RWE AG in the Group’s financial statements. This means the transaction. We also use these figures to measure

that the revenue, expenses, cash flows, assets, liabilities, etc. performance in determining Executive Board remuneration.
of the affected activities are included in the Group's figures.
This approach also had to be applied to innogy. However, it Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income higher than

did not reflect the way in which we managed our former forecast. The overview below presents some key earnings
subsidiary. We held innogy as a purely financial investment, figures that were calculated applying the method described
which was allowed to operate as an independent business above. The figure determined for adjusted EBITDA in 2019
entity. was €2,106 million (previous year: €1,521 million) and
adjusted net income amounted to €1,210 million (previous
Adjusted figures. Therefore, we applied a second method, year: €591 million). Our outlook of November 2019,
which deviated from IFRS consolidation principles, to envisaged ranges of €1.8 billion to €2.1 billion and
calculate the figures for the Group, which reflected the €0.9 billion to €1.2 billion, respectively (see page 16 of the
status of our subsidiary more accurately. In doing so, the interim statement on the first three quarters of 2019). In

stake in innogy was recognised on the balance sheet under our first earnings forecast of March 2019, we had
‘other financial assets. In RWE’s earnings figures, innogywas envisaged adjusted EBITDA of €1.2 billion to €1.5 billion
considered only with the dividend payable to us. We treated and adjusted net income of €0.3 billion to €0.6 billion (see

the transactions of the rest of the Group with innogy as page 84 of the 2018 Annual Report). We clearly exceeded
transactions with third parties. Since we sold our stake in these expectations. This was primarily due to the

innogy to E.ON in September 2019, we have stopped exceptional trading performance of RWE Supply & Trading
preparing balance sheets applying the above method, but and the effect on earnings of the reinstatement of the

we applied it one last time to calculate earnings for 2019. British capacity market.

Key figures for the RWE Group includi
that is not fully consolidated*

nogy as a financial investment 2019 2018 +/-

€ million

Adjusted EBITDA 2,106 1,521 585
Adjusted EBIT 1,412 953 459
Adjusted net income 1,210 591 619

1. Figures not calculated in compliance with IFRS. In addition to the issues mentioned above, this relates to the following items, amongst others: all supply and
service agreements of the Group with innogy have been accounted for as pending transactions, even if they would have had to be recognised at fair value.
Provisions for impending losses from these transactions have not been formed. Supply and service agreements with external third parties and associated
provisions have been accounted for as in the IFRS consolidated financial statements. The same applies to the accounting effects of hedges and deferred
taxes. Earnings for 2019 do not contain the actual innogy dividend of €1.40 per share, but include the theoretical value of €1.64, which was the basis for the
conditions of the asset swap with E.ON.

69


--- Page 43 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

1.11 Disclosure relating to German takeover law

The following disclosure is in accordance with Section 315a, Paragraph 1 and Section 289a, Paragraph 1 of the
German Commercial Code as well as with Section 176, Paragraph 1, Sentence 1 of the German Stock Corporation
Act. The information relates to company-specific regulations, for example relating to adjustments to the capital

structure by the Executive Board or a change of control of the company. At RWE, these provisions are in line with the

standards of German listed companies.

Composition of subscribed capital. RWE AG's capital stock
amounts to €1,573,748,744.44 and is divided among
614,745,499 no-par-value common shares in the name of
the bearer. As set out on page 25, our 39,000,000 preferred
shares were converted to common shares in the middle of
2019. Since then, all RWE shares have granted their bearer
the same rights.

Shares in capital accounting for more than 10% of voting
rights. As of 31 December 2019, no holding in RWE AG
exceeded 10% of the voting rights.

Limitation of share transfers. Within the scope of the
employee share plan of RWE AG, 305,216 RWE common
shares were issued to staff in Germany in the financial year
that just ended. The securities must be held until

31 December 2020.

We also have employee stock purchase plans in the UK.
Staff members of RWE Generation UK plc, RWE Technology
UK Limited and RWE Supply & Trading GmbH UK Branch
qualify for them. The shares are subject to a five-year
holding period starting from their respective issue dates.
Atotal of 27,742 RWE common shares were purchased
under the UK plans.

Appointment and dismissal of Executive Board
members/amendments to the Articles of Incorporation.
Executive Board members are appointed and dismissed in
accordance with Section 84 et seq. of the German Stock
Corporation Act in conjunction with Section 31 of the German
Co-Determination Act. Amendments to the Articles of
Incorporation are made pursuant to Section 179 et seqq.
of the German Stock Corporation Act in conjunction with
Article 16, Paragraph 5 of the Articles of Incorporation of
RWE AG. According to the aforementioned provision in the
Articles of Incorporation, unless otherwise required by law
or the Articles of Incorporation, the Annual General
Meeting shall adopt all resolutions by a simple majority of the
votes cast or - ifa capital majority is required - by the simple
majority of the capital stock represented when the
resolution is passed. Pursuant to Article 10, Paragraph 9
of the Articles of Incorporation, the Supervisory Board is
authorised to pass resolutions in favour of amendments to

70

the Articles of Incorporation that only concern the wording
without changing the content.

RWE AG authorisation to implement share buybacks.
Pursuant to a resolution passed by the Annual General
Meeting on 26 April 2018, RWE AG is authorised until

25 April 2023 to conduct share buybacks accounting for
up to 10% of the capital stock as of the effective date of
the resolution or as of the exercise date of the authorisation
if the capital stock is lower on this date. At the Executive
Board's discretion, the acquisition can be made on the stock
exchange or via a public purchase offer.

Shares purchased in this way may then be cancelled.
Furthermore, they may be transferred to third parties or
sold otherwise in connection with mergers or acquisitions of
companies, parts of companies, operations, or of stakes in
companies. Shares that are not sold on the stock exchange
or through a tender to all shareholders may only be sold for
cash. Moreover, in such cases, the sale price may not be
significantly lower than the price at which the shares are
listed on the stock market. The company may transfer
shares bought back to the holders of option or convertible
bonds and also use the shares to fulfil its obligations
resulting from employee share schemes. In the
aforementioned cases, shareholder subscription rights are
waived. These authorisations may be exercised in full or in
part, or once or several times for partial amounts.

Executive Board authorisation to issue new shares.
Pursuant to the resolution passed by the Annual General
Meeting on 26 April 2018, the Executive Board is authorised
to increase the company’s capital stock, subject to the
Supervisory Board's approval, by up to €314,749,693.44
until 25 April 2023, through the issuance of up to
122,949,099 new bearer common shares in return for
contributions in cash or in kind (authorised capital). These
authorisations may be exercised in full or in part, or once or
several times for partial amounts.


--- Page 44 ---

Combined review of operations > Disclosure relating to German takeover law

In principle, shareholders are entitled to subscription rights.
However, subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board,
the Executive Board may waive them in the following cases:

They may be waived in order to prevent the number of
shares allocated from the subscription resulting in
fractional amounts (fractions of shares).

Subscription rights may be waived in order to issue shares
in exchange for contributions in kind for the purposes of
mergers or acquisitions of companies, parts of
companies, operations, or of stakes in companies.

Subscription rights may be waived in the event of a cash
capital increase if the price at which the new shares are
issued is not significantly lower than the price at which
shares are quoted on the stock market and the portion of
the capital stock accounted for by the new shares, for which

subscription rights are waived, does not exceed 10% in total.

Furthermore, subscription rights may be waived in order
to offer shares to potential holders of convertible or
option bonds commensurate to the rights to which they
would be entitled on conversion of the bond or on exercise
of the option.

The Executive Board is authorised, subject to the approval
of the Supervisory Board, to determine the further details
and conditions of the share issuance.

In sum, the capital stock may not be increased by more
than 20% through the issuance of new shares waiving
subscription rights.

Effects of a change of control on debt financing. Our
debt financing instruments often contain clauses that take
effect in the event of a change of control. The following
rule applies to a small residual amount of a senior bond
remaining with us, which was the only bond that could not be
fully transferred to innogy in 2016: in the event of a change
of control in conjunction with a drop in RWE AG's credit
rating below investment-grade status, creditors may
demand immediate redemption. In such cases, RWE AG has
the right to cancel its subordinated hybrid bonds within the
defined change of control period; if this does not occur, the
annual compensation payable on the hybrid bonds
increases by 500 basis points.

RWE AG's €5 billion syndicated credit line also includes a
change-of-control clause, which essentially has the following
content: in the event of a change of control or majority at RWE,
drawings are suspended until further notice. The lenders
shall enter into negotiations with us on a continuation of the
credit line. Should we fail to reach an agreement with the
majority of them within 30 days from such a change of
control, the lenders may cancel the line of credit.

Effects of a change of control on Executive Board and
executive remuneration. Members of the Executive Board of
RWE AG have the special right to terminate their employment
contract in the event that shareholders or third parties obtain
control over the company and this would be linked to
significant disadvantages for the Executive Board members.
In such a case, they are free to resign for cause from their
position within six months of the change of control by giving
three months' notice. In addition, they can request the
termination of their employment contract and receive a
one-off payment.

The amount of the one-off payment shall correspond to
the compensation that would have been due until the end
of the contractually agreed term of service, but no more
than three times the total contractual annual remuneration.
Share-based payment is not included in this. This is in line
with the recommendations of the German Corporate
Governance Code applicable to the year under review.

The Strategic Performance Plan presented on page 75 et seq.
stipulates for the Executive Board and executives of RWE AG
and subordinated associated companies that in the event
of a change of control the granted performance shares,
which have already been finally determined but not yet paid
out, shall be paid out early. The payout amount shall
correspond to the number of performance shares multiplied
by the sum of the average closing price of the RWE common
share on the last 30 trading days prior to the announcement
of the change of control and the amount of dividend paid
out per share until then, calculated starting from the time
when the number of performance shares was finally
granted. All performance shares granted on a preliminary
basis at the time of the change of control shall expire without
replacement or compensation.

71


--- Page 45 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

1.12 Remuneration report

The capital market expects companies to have performance-linked remuneration systems which bring the interests of
management in line with those of the company’s owners. Another demand is that Executive Board members be
rewarded if their company applies the principles of sustainable development and takes its responsibility vis-a-vis
society seriously. RWE’s remuneration system meets these requirements. Despite this, we want to refine it and have
already worked closely with investors to this end. This year, the Supervisory Board of RWE AG will finalise the new rules
and present them to the 2021 Annual General Meeting for a vote.

Structure of Supervisory Board remuneration

The remuneration of the Supervisory Board is governed by
the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation of RWE AG.
Accordingly, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board receives
fixed remuneration of €300,000 per fiscal year. His Deputy
receives €200,000 per fiscal year. The other members of
the Supervisory Board receive fixed remuneration of
€100,000 and additional compensation for committee
mandates according to the following rules.

Members of the Audit Committee receive additional
remuneration of €40,000. This payment is increased to
€80,000 for the Chair of this committee. With the exception
of the Nomination Committee, the members of which do
not receive additional remuneration, the members and the
Chairs of all the other Supervisory Board committees receive
an additional €£20,000 and €40,000 in remuneration,
respectively. Remuneration for a committee mandate is only
paid if the committee is active at least once in the fiscal year.

Supervisory Board members who concurrently hold several
offices in this body only receive compensation for the
highest-paid position. Remuneration is prorated if a
Supervisory Board member only performs a function for part
of a fiscal year.

Level of Supervisory Board remuneration

In total, the remuneration of the Supervisory Board
(excluding out-of-pocket expenses) amounted to
€3,304,000 in fiscal 2019 (previous year: €3,480,000).
Of this sum, €465,000 (previous year: €460,000) was

72

In addition to the remuneration paid, out-of-pocket expenses
are refunded to the members of the Supervisory Board.
Some Supervisory Board members also receive income
from the exercise of Supervisory Board mandates at
subsidiaries of RWE AG.

The members of the Supervisory Board imposed on
themselves the obligation, subject to any commitment to
relinquish their pay, to use 25 % of the total annual
compensation (before taxes) to buy RWE shares and to hold
them for the duration of their membership of the Supervisory
Board of RWE AG. Last year, all of the members who do
not relinquish their compensation met this self-imposed
obligation for their compensation for 2018. For the new
members who joined the Board in 2019, this self-imposed
obligation begins when the remuneration for fiscal 2019 is
paid at the beginning of 2020.

remuneration paid for mandates on committees of the
Supervisory Board and €543,000 (previous year:
€720,000) was remuneration paid for mandates at
subsidiaries.


--- Page 46 ---

Combined review of operations > Remuneration report

The remuneration of all individuals who have served on the
Supervisory Board in 2018 and/or 2019 is shown in the
following table.

Supervisory Board remuneration? Fixed remuneration Remuneration for Remuneration for Total remuneration?
committee offices mandates at
subsidiaries?

€‘000 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018
Dr. Werner Brandt, Chairman 300 300 = - = - 300 300
Frank Bsirske, Deputy Chairman 200 200 = - 143 200 343 400
Michael Bochinsky (since 1 Aug 2018) 100 42 40 17 - - 140 59
Reiner Bohle (until 18 Sep 2019) 72 100 14 20 = - 86 120
Sandra Bossemeyer 100 100 20 20 = - 120 120
Martin Bréker (since 1 Sep 2018) 100 33 = - = - 100 33
Anja Dubbert (since 27 Sep 2019) 26 - a - = - 27 -
Matthias Dirbaum (since 27 Sep 2019) 26 - a - = - 27 -
Ute Gerbaulet 100 100 = - = - 100 100
Reinhold Gispert (until 31 Jul 2018) - 58 - 23 - - = 81
Andreas Henrich (until 31 Aug 2018) = 67 = - = - = 67
Prof. Dr. Hans-Peter Keitel 100 100 20 20 = - 120 120
Dr. h.c. Monika Kircher 100 100 30 - = - 130 100
Monika Krebber (until 18 Sep 2019) 72 100 14 20 86 120 172 240
Harald Louis 100 100 20 20 20 20 140 140
Dagmar Muhlenfeld 100 100 20 20 = - 120 120
Peter Ottmann 100 100 20 20 = - 120 120
Gunther Schartz 100 100 20 20 = - 120 120
Dr. Erhard Schipporeit 100 100 80 80 215 300 SoS) 480
Dr. Wolfgang Schissel 100 100 25 40 = - 125 140
Ullrich Sierau 100 100 40 40 = - 140 140
Ralf Sikorski 100 100 40 40 50 50 190 190
Marion Weckes 100 100 40 40 = - 140 140
Leonhard Zubrowski 100 100 20 20 30 30 150 150
Total® 2,296 2,300 465 460 543, 720 3,304 3,480

1. Supervisory Board members who joined or retired from the corporate body during the year receive prorated remuneration.
2. Remuneration for exercising mandates at subsidiaries is only included for periods of membership of the Supervisory Board of RWE AG.
3 The commercial rounding of certain figures can result in inaccurate sum totals.

73


--- Page 47 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Structure of Executive Board remuneration

Fundamentals. The structure and level of the Executive
Board's remuneration are determined by the Supervisory
Board of RWE AG and reviewed on a regular basis to
determine whether they are appropriate and in line with the
market. The remuneration system described in the following
has been applied since 1 October 2016. It is made up of
non-performance-based and performance-based
components. The former consists of the fixed salary, the
pension instalment as well as fringe benefits. The
performance-based components include the bonus and a
share-based payment, the latter of which is a long-term
compensation component.

Recipients of Executive Board remuneration. In the
financial year that just ended, Rolf Martin Schmitz and
Markus Krebber received compensation for their work on
the Executive Board of RWE AG. Rolf Martin Schmitz has
been a member of the Executive Board since 1 May 2009
and its Chairman since 15 October 2016. His contract
expires on 30 June 2021. Markus Krebber was appointed
to this corporate body with effect from 1 October 2016 and
has been in charge of finance since 15 October 2016. His
tenure on the Executive Board runs through to

30 September 2024.

Non-performance-based Executive Board remuneration

Fixed compensation and pension instalments. The
members of the Executive Board of RWE AG receive a fixed
annual salary, which is paid in twelve monthly instalments.
As asecond fixed remuneration component, they are entitled
to a pension instalment for every year of service, which is
determined on an individual basis, unless - as is the case
with Rolf Martin Schmitz - they belonged to the Executive
Board before the pension instalment was introduced and
have therefore received a pension commitment (see

page 78).

The pension instalment is paid in cash or retained in part
or in full in exchange for a pension commitment of equal
value through a gross compensation conversion. RWE has
concluded a reinsurance policy to finance the pension
commitment. The accumulated capital may be drawn upon

on retirement, but not before the Executive Board member
turns 62. Members of the Executive Board of RWE reach the
established age limit when they are 63 years old. They can
be reappointed for one year at a time thereafter, but may
not hold office beyond their 65" birthday.

When retiring, Executive Board members can choose a
one-time payment or a maximum of nine instalments. They
and their surviving dependants do not receive any further
benefits. Vested retirement benefits from earlier activities
within the RWE Group remain unaffected by this.

Fringe benefits. Non-performance-based compensation
components also include fringe benefits, primarily
consisting of company cars and accident insurance
premiums.

Performance-based Executive Board remuneration

Bonus. Executive Board members receive a bonus which is
based on the economic performance of the company and
the degree to which they achieve their individual goals and
the collective goals of the Executive Board. The starting
point for calculating the bonus is what is referred to as the
‘company bonus’, which depends on the level of EBIT of
relevance to remuneration in the relevant fiscal year. The
basis for determining this figure is adjusted EBIT (EBIT minus
the non-operating result). We calculated adjusted EBIT for
2019 and the preceding year using the method set out on

74

page 69. This means that innogy, the subsidiary acquired by
E.ON in September 2019, is considered only in terms of the
dividend payment it owes to RWE. The rules of Executive
Board remuneration stipulate that the Supervisory Board
may modify adjusted EBIT to make this figure more suitable
for measuring performance. Such adjustments can relate to
gains on disposals, changes in provisions, as well as
impairments and their consequences. This converts
adjusted EBIT to EBIT of relevance to remuneration.


--- Page 48 ---

Combined review of operations > Remuneration report

The company bonus is determined as follows: the
Supervisory Board sets a target as well as a floor and a
ceiling for EBIT of relevance to remuneration at the
beginning of every fiscal year. After the end of the fiscal year,
the actual level of adjusted EBIT and EBIT of relevance to
remuneration resulting from the modifications explained
earlier are determined. If the latter is identical to the EBIT
target, the target achievement is 100%. In this case, the
company bonus equals the contractually agreed baseline
bonus. If EBIT of relevance to remuneration is exactly at the
pre-defined floor, target achievement is 50%; if it is at the
ceiling, target achievement is 150 %. Target achievement is
adjusted linearly between the two limits. If EBIT of relevance
to remuneration is below the floor, no company bonus is
paid. If the ceiling is exceeded, the maximum target
achievement remains 150%.

To calculate the individual bonus, the company bonus is
multiplied by a factor reflecting the personal performance
of the Executive Board member in question. This
performance factor depends on the achievement of:

(1) individual goals, (2) general collective goals, and

(3) collective goals in relation to corporate responsibility and
employee motivation. The aforementioned target
categories are each weighted by one-third. Degrees of
achievement can range between 0% and 200%. However,
the derivable performance factor is limited to between 80%
and 120%. This means that the performance factor for an
Executive Board member with a 150% target achievement
is only 120%.

After the end of every fiscal year, the Supervisory Board
evaluates the individual performance of the Executive
Board members relative to the three categories above and
determines their individual performance factor. This is done
in line with the binding goals and targets which it sets at the
beginning of the financial year. The bonus determined in this
manner is paid out in full to the Executive Board members
after the end of the fiscal year.

Share-based payment. Executive Board members are
granted a payment under the Strategic Performance Plan
(SPP), which rewards the achievement of long-term goals.
The key determinant of success is the total return of the
RWE common share, which is made up of the share price
and the dividend (performance). The link between

75

compensation and the performance of the share price over
the long term motivates the Executive Board to consider the
interests of the company's owners when taking decisions.
Another of the SPP's success factors is net income of
relevance to remuneration of the fiscal year in question. This
key figure is derived from adjusted net income, which is
arrived at by deducting the non-operating result and other
exceptional items including their effects on income taxes
from net income. Like adjusted EBIT, we calculated it using
the method described on page 69, with innogy being
considered only in terms of the dividend payment it owes
RWE. The conditions of the SPP allow the Supervisory Board
to make limited modifications to adjusted net income in
predefined cases in order to arrive at net income of
relevance to remuneration. Such modifications may be
made as long as they reflect the impact of unforeseeable
events such as capital measures, acquisitions, sales and
regulatory changes.

The SPP is based on performance shares with a term
(vesting period) made up of the fiscal year to which they
relate and the three subsequent years. The Executive Board
members receive a grant letter for each tranche, in which
they are informed of their personal gross allocation amount.
The preliminary number of performance shares is
calculated by dividing the grant amount by the average
closing quotation of the RWE share over the last 30 days of
trading on Xetra before the grant.

Only after the end of the fiscal year is the number of fully
granted performance shares determined. It depends on the
net income of relevance to remuneration in the fiscal year in
question. The actual figure is compared to a pre-defined
target figure. The procedure is similar to the approach taken
when determining the company bonus. The Supervisory
Board pre-defines a target, a floor and a ceiling for net
income of relevance to remuneration, orienting itself
towards the approved medium-term plan in doing so. If the
target figure is achieved exactly, 100 % of the conditionally
granted performance shares is fully allocated. If net income
of relevance to remuneration is exactly at the floor, 50% of
the conditionally granted performance shares is fully
allocated; if it is at the ceiling, the final grant amounts to
150%. At a level below the floor, all of the conditionally
granted performance shares from the tranche lapse. If the
ceiling is exceeded, the maximum grant remains 150%.


--- Page 49 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

The finally granted performance shares are fully paid out
in cash to the Executive Board member after the end of the
four-year vesting period. The level of the payment depends
on the performance of the RWE common share. It corresponds
to the final number of performance shares multiplied by the
sum of the average closing quotation of the RWE common
share over the 30 days of trading on Xetra leading to the
end of the vesting period and the dividends accumulated in
the last three years. However, a cap applies in this case as
well: even in the event of an extremely good share
performance, the payment is limited to a maximum of
200% of the initial gross grant amount.

The members of the Executive Board are obliged to reinvest
25 % of the payment (after taxes) in RWE shares. The shares
must be held until at least the end of the third year after
conclusion of the vesting period.

The performance shares remain unaffected after an
Executive Board member leaves the body at the end of
their contract and are paid out as planned at the end of the
vesting period. If an Executive Board member voluntarily
leaves the company early or is dismissed with good cause,
all performance shares which have not yet reached the end
of the vesting period lapse. The SPP also contains a
provision which gives the Supervisory Board the power to
punish infractions by Executive Board members, for
example serious violations of the company’s Code of
Conduct, by reducing or completely voiding ongoing

SPP tranches.

When the SPP was introduced in 2016, the Supervisory
Board established a transitional tranche for 2016 and
three further regular tranches for 2017, 2018 and 2019.
In doing so, it also determined target figures for adjusted
net income and the aforementioned ceilings and floors. The
SPP conditions stipulate that the Supervisory Board may
retrospectively adjust the target and threshold values only
to avery limited extent in precisely defined cases. Such
adjustments are permissible if they take account of the
effects of capital measures, acquisitions, divestments
and regulatory changes, which were not yet known or
unforeseeable when the figures were determined. One
major modification was made relating to the 2018 and
2019 tranches: instead of deriving adjusted net income
from net income according to IFRS, it was calculated using
the method explained earlier, with innogy being considered
only in terms of the dividend it owes RWE. Accordingly, the
target figures for the ceiling and floor of net income of
relevance to remuneration were also adjusted
retrospectively.

76

Remuneration for exercising mandates. During the past
fiscal year, members of the RWE AG Executive Board were
paid to exercise supervisory board mandates at affiliates.
This income is deducted from the bonus and therefore does
not increase the total remuneration.

Remuneration broken down by component. Assuming
that both the company and the Executive Board members
achieve their performance targets to a degree of 100%, the
compensation structure roughly breaks down as follows: the
base salary accounts for around 30% of total remuneration.
Approximately 30 % is allocable to short-term variable
remuneration, i.e. the bonus. As a long-term compensation
component, the SPP accounts for about 40 % of total
remuneration.

Limitation of Executive Board remuneration. As set out
earlier, the level of variable compensation components is
limited. The company bonus amounts to a maximum of
150% of the contractually agreed bonus budget. Multiplying
this by the individual performance factor (80% to 120 %), it
is possible to reach a maximum of 180% of the bonus
budget. With regard to share-based payment under the
SPP, payout of the performance shares after the
completion of the vesting period is limited to a maximum of
200% of the grant budget. Due to the above maximum
values, there is also a cap on total compensation (see the
diagram on the next page).


--- Page 50 ---

Combined review of operations > Remuneration report

Range of Executive Board remuneration

Budget: 100%

Ceiling: 164%

Strategic
Performance
Plan (100%)

Floor: 30%

Fixed salary

Payment dates. Executive Board members receive their
fixed salary in twelve monthly instalments. The pension
instalment is paid out at the end of the year, insofar as it is
not converted into a pension commitment. After the fiscal
year, the Supervisory Board determines the target
achievement for the company bonus and the individual
performance factor. The bonus is paid out in the month of
the Annual General Meeting (AGM) which attends to the
financial statements of RWE AG. After the end of the vesting

d salary

Strategic
erformance Plan [Reb
(Maximum: 200 %)
54%

Fixed salary

period, the performance shares from the SPP are paid out
during the month of the Annual General Meeting held in the
following year. As explained earlier, Executive Board
members must invest 25 % of the payment in RWE common
shares and may not sell these shares until after three
additional calendar years have passed from completion of
the four-year vesting period. As a result, it takes a total of
seven years for Executive Board members to obtain the full
amount of their compensation.

Executive Board remuneration payment timeline for a fiscal year

=z Strategic
yA Performance
Plan
Bonus |
| FS Poymentat
Pension — Paymentin the i] the beginning
instalment a month in which (com of the year
O) the AGM is held
25% reinvestment
7. inRWE shores
Fixed salary
End of the
minimum
holding period
1 1 1 1 !
T T T T T
Fiscal year Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 Year 6 Year 7



--- Page 51 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Pension scheme. Until the introduction of the pension
instalment as of 1 January 2011 described earlier, pension
benefits were granted to the members of the Executive
Board. Of the Executive Board members in 2019, this only
applies to Rolf Martin Schmitz; the pension commitment
made to him in 2009 will remain unchanged. It entitles him
to life-long retirement benefits in the event of retirement
from the Executive Board of RWE AG upon turning 59,
permanent disability, early termination or non-extension of
his employment contract by the company. In the event of
death, his surviving dependants are entitled to benefits.
The amount of Rolf Martin Schmitz’s qualifying income and
the level of benefits determined by the duration of service
are taken as a basis for his individual pension and surviving
dependants’ benefits.

Change of control. If shareholders or third parties obtain
control over the company and this results in major
disadvantages for the Executive Board members, they
have a special right of termination. They have the right to
resign from the Executive Board and to request that their
employment contract be terminated in combination with a
one-off payment within six months of the change of control.

Achange of control as defined by this provision occurs when
one or several shareholders or third parties acting jointly
account for at least 30% of the voting rights in the company,
or if any of the aforementioned can exert a controlling
influence on the company in another manner. A change of
control also occurs if the company is merged with another
legal entity, unless the value of the other legal entity is less
than 50% of the value of RWE AG.

On termination of their employment contract, Executive
Board members receive a one-off payment equalling the
compensation due until the end of the term of their contract.
However, this amount will not be higher than three times
their total contractual annual remuneration. The share-

Level of Executive Board remuneration

The remuneration of the Executive Board of RWE AG is
calculated in compliance with the rules set out in the
German Commercial Code. The members of the Executive
Board received €7,571 ,000 in total remuneration for their
work in fiscal 2019.

78

based payments under the SPP are not included in this
payment.

Inthe event of a change of control, all of the fully granted
performance shares under the SPP that have not been paid
out are paid out early. All performance shares granted
under the SPP on a preliminary basis lapse on the date of
the change of control.

Early termination of Executive Board mandate and
severance cap. Following a recommendation of the
German Corporate Governance Code (GCGC), the
Executive Board’s employment contracts include a
provision stipulating that if an Executive Board mandate is
otherwise terminated early without due cause, a severance
payment of no more than the remuneration due until the
end of the employment contract and no more than two total
annual compensations including fringe benefits is made
(severance cap).

Refinement of the remuneration system planned. Last
year, we discussed ways to refine the Executive Board's
remuneration system with representatives of institutional
investors. One of the objectives was to meet the demands of
the world’s capital markets, which have become more
exigent over time. With the help of investor feedback, we
started revising major parts of the system. However, we
have maintained its basic structure. The new features are
set to be approved by the Supervisory Board of RWE AG this
year and applied to all new employment contracts
thereafter. Furthermore, we intend to put them up for a vote
at the 2021 Annual General Meeting.

The Supervisory Board passed a resolution to continue the
Strategic Performance Plan, which used to encompass
tranches only for 2016 to 2019 without any changes for
the time being. Accordingly, new target ceilings and floors
have been established for net income of relevance to
remuneration.

The previous year's figure was €6,880,000. The
remuneration components are shown in the following table.


--- Page 52 ---

Combined review of operations > Remuneration report

Level of Executive Board Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz Dr. Markus Krebber Total
remuneration (accordi
€‘000
2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018
Non-performance-based 1,183 1,180 1,085 1,066 2,268 2,246
of which:
Fixed remuneration 1,160 1,160 763 750 1,923 1,910
Pension instalments* = - 300 300 300 300
Fringe benefits 23 20 22 16 45 36
Performance-based 3,032 2,636 2,271 1,998 5,303 4,634
Bonus (short-term) 1,782 1,386 iF 898 Z2LBS 2,284
of which:
credited remuneration for mandates piIES) 115 146 180 261 295
Value of performance shares at grant?
(long-term) 1,250 1,250 1,100 1,100 2,350 2,350
Total remuneration 4,215 3,816 3,356 3,064 7,571 6,880

1. The pension instalment paid to Markus Krebber is part of his remuneration under the German Commercial Code (HGB), but this does not apply to the annual

service cost of the pension commitment to Rolf Martin Schmitz.

2 Income from the exercise of Supervisory Board offices within the Group are fully deducted from the bonus.
3 The German Commercial Code mandates the statement of the value of the grant at the beginning of the fiscal year.

EBIT of relevance to remuneration, the basis for calculating
the bonus, amounted to €1,207 million in the fiscal year
that just ended. It differs from adjusted EBIT (€1,412 million)
in that we make certain modifications to it to neutralise
effects that are not considered in the target figures. For
example, when determining the target figure, we did not
consider any income from the potential reinstatement of
the British capacity market. The effect on income of the
delayed capacity payments for 2018 and 2019 was

therefore eliminated from the actual figure. The EBIT target
derived from the medium-term plan was €786 million
(target achievement of 100 %), with a floor of €186 million
(target achievement of 50%) and a ceiling of €1,386 million
(target achievement of 150%). These figures result in a
target achievement of 135 % for 2019. This means that the
company bonus was 35 % higher than the bonus budget
established at the beginning of the year.

Calculation of the 2019 company bonus 2019 Target achievement

€million %
Adjusted EBIT 1412 -
Adjustments? -205 -
EBIT of relevance to remuneration 1,207 135
Target 786 100
Ceiling 1,386 150
Floor 186 50

1 See commentary above.

79


--- Page 53 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

The Supervisory Board found that the Executive Board
overachieved the individual and collective targets. The main
success factors were the rapid implementation of the asset
swap with E.ON and the progress made in transforming
RWE into a leading renewable energy company. The
compromise reached with the German government on
the lignite phaseout and the Executive Board's further
development of RWE’s strategy to reflect the future of
renewable energy and electricity generation from coal were
also rewarded. The above-average performance of the RWE
share and investor feedback demonstrated that the capital
market welcomes the new strategy. Requirements in relation
to employee motivation, which is regularly measured using
internal surveys, were also met to a degree of at least
100%. With one exception, this also applies to the CR
targets, which primarily related to the CO; intensity of the

generation portfolio, occupational safety, and adherence to
compliance, environmental and social standards. The only
target that was missed concerned the number of work-
related accidents which, at 2.1 for every one million hours
worked, exceeded the predefined upper limit of 1.9.

Each of the Executive Board members had a target
achievement of 153%. Due to the cap, the individual
performance factor was 120%. Multiplying this figure by the
company bonus (135 %) results in a factor of 162%. The
latter translates into the individual bonus, which amounted
to €1,782,000 for Rolf Martin Schmitz and €1,171,000 for
Markus Krebber. These sums correspond to 1.62 times the
predetermined budgeted figures of €1,100,000 (Schmitz)
and €723,000 (Krebber).

n of the 2019 tranche of the 2019 Target achievement
Strategic Performance Plan €million %
Adjusted net income 1,210 -
Adjustments? -363 -
Net income of relevance to remuneration 847 150
Target 51 100
Ceiling 351 150
Floor -249 50

1 See commentary.

The German Commercial Code stipulates that the long-
term performance-based remuneration component is the
value of the performance shares granted on a preliminary
basis at the beginning of a fiscal year. As set out on page 75,
the level of the full grant depends on the development of net
income of relevance to remuneration in the fiscal year
compared to a predefined target. The latter was set by the
Supervisory Board at €51 million for 2019 (grant of 100%).
The floor was - €249 million (grant of 50%) and the ceiling
was €351 million (grant of 150%). The amount actually
achieved was €847 million (after modifications), which
corresponds to a target achievement of 150%. This means
that the final grant of performance shares for 2019 was
50% higher than the preliminary grant.

80

Net income of relevance to remuneration is adjusted net
income (€1,210 million) minus several exceptional items.
For example, we recognised significant impairments for
power stations in the 2016 consolidated financial
statements, which had not yet been included in the
medium-term plan at the time and cause depreciation and
amortisation to be much lower now. We eliminated this
effect on depreciation and amortisation. The same applies
to the income we received in the British generation business
due to the retroactive capacity payments we received for
2018.


--- Page 54 ---

Combined review of operations > Remuneration report

Long-term incentive payment:
Strategic Performance Plan

Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz

Tranche Year 2019 2018 2017 2016
Grant date 1Jan 2019 1 Jan 2018 1Jan 2017 1 Jan 2016
Fair value at grant date €‘000 1,250 1,250 1,250 769
Share price (average) € 19.10 18.80 11.62 13.78
Number of performance shares allocated
on provisional basis 65,445 66,489 107,573 55,787
Measurement date of performance conditions 31Dec2019 31Dec2018 31Dec2017 31Dec2017
Target achievement in relation to net income of relevance
to remuneration % 150 123 115 115
Final number of fully granted performance shares 98,168 81,781 123,709 64,155
End of vesting period 31Dec 2022 31Dec2021 31Dec2020 31Dec 2019
Long-term incentive payment: Dr. Markus Krebber
Strategic Performance Plan
Tranche Year 2019 2018 2017 2016
Grant date 1Jan 2019 1Jan 2018 1Jan 2017 1 Jan 2016
Fair value at grant date €'000 1,100 1,100 988 247
Share price (average) € 19.10 18.80 11.62 13.78
Number of performance shares allocated
ona provisional basis 57,592 58,511 84,983 17,915
Measurement date of performance conditions 31Dec2019 31Dec2018 31Dec2017 31Dec 2017
Target achievement in relation to net income of relevance
to remuneration % 150 123 115 115
Final number of fully granted performance shares 86,388 71,969 97,730 20,602
End of the vesting period 31Dec 2022 31Dec2021 31Dec2020 31Dec 2019
The table below shows the increase in provisions to cover
obligations from share-based payments under the SPP.
Addition of provisions for long-term share-based incentive payments 2019 2018
€‘000
Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz 2,726 1,413
Dr. Markus Krebber 1,982 934
Total 4,708 2,347

Obligations under the former pension scheme. The
service cost of pension obligations to Rolf Martin Schmitz
amounted to €554,000 in 2019 (previous year:
€536,000). This is not a remuneration component in
accordance with the German Commercial Code. As of
year-end, the net present value of the defined benefit
obligation determined in accordance with IFRS amounted

to €14,997,000 (previous year: €13,370,000). The present

value of the pension obligation determined according to
the German Commercial Code totalled €11,894,000

81

(previous year: €10,534,000). The pension obligation for
2019 increased by €1,360,000 (previous year:
€1,248,000).

Based on the emoluments qualifying for a pension as of

31 December 2019, the projected annual pension of

Rolf Martin Schmitz on retiring from the company as of
the expiry of his appointment amounted to €556,000
(same as in the previous year). This includes vested pension
benefits due from former employers transferred to RWE AG.


--- Page 55 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code

In presenting the remuneration system, we also follow the
recommendations of the version of the GCGC applicable to
2019, which was published on 7 February 2017. In line with
the GCGC, the total remuneration of management board
members comprises the monetary compensation elements,
pension commitments, other awards, fringe benefits of all
kinds and benefits from third parties which were granted or
paid in the financial year with regard to management board
work. Item 4.2.5, Paragraph 3 of the Code lists the
compensation components that should be disclosed. Unlike
German commercial law, the GCGC stipulates that the
annual service cost of pension benefits is also part of total
remuneration.

The GCGC provides specific examples for the
recommended presentation of management board
compensation based on model tables, which distinguishes
between ‘benefits granted’ and ‘benefits received’.

According to the GCGC, benefits or compensation are
granted when a binding commitment to such is made to
the management board member. In deviation from
German commercial law, it is not relevant to what extent
the management board member has already provided
the services being remunerated.

The term ‘benefits received’ defines the extent to which
the management board member has already received
payments. In this regard, the relevant aspect is the time at
which the amount being paid is sufficiently certain and
not the actual time of the payment.

This distinction made in the Code can be illustrated with
the example of the bonus: the contractually agreed and
promised budgeted bonus for the fiscal year in question is
considered ‘granted’. Conversely, the benefits received
table shows the bonus level which will actually be paid with a
high degree of probability. In this regard, it is irrelevant that
the payment will not be made until the following year. The
payment date is deemed to have been reached when the
indicators and results needed to determine target
achievement (and therefore the bonus) are known with
sufficient certainty. The Code assumes that this is already
the case at the end of the year. As a result, the Executive
Board bonuses are stated in the reporting year in the benefits
received table.

In the following, we present the compensation of the
Executive Board of RWE AG based on the sample tables
recommended by the GCGC.

Benefits granted Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz Dr. Markus Krebber
Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
since 15 October 2016 since 15 October 2016
2019 2019 2019 2018 2019 2019 2019 2018

€'000 (Min.) (Max.) (Min.) (Max.)
Fixed remuneration 1,160 1,160 1,160 1,160 763 763 763 750
Pension instalment - - = - 300 300 300 300
Fringe benefits 23 23 23 20 22 22 22 16
Total fixed remuneration 1,183 1,183 1,183 1,180 1,085 1,085 1,085 1,066
One-year variable remuneration
(bonus) ie) 1,980 1,782 1,386 oO 1,302 1,171 898
Multi-year variable remuneration
(SPP) ie) 2,500 1,250 1,250 oO 2,200 1,100 1,100

2018 tranche

(term: 2018-2021) - - = 1,250 - - = 1,100

2019 tranche

(term: 2019 - 2022) Oo 2,500 1,250 - O 2,200 1,100 -
Total variable remuneration ie) 4,480 3,032 2,636 oO 3,502 2,271 1,998
Total variable and fixed remuneration 1,183 5,663 4,215 3,816 1,085 4,587 3,356 3,064
Service cost 554 554 554 536 - - = -
Total remuneration 1,737 6,217 4,769 4,352 1,085 4,587 3,356 3,064

82


--- Page 56 ---

Combined review of operations > Remuneration report

Benefits received

Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz
Chief Executive Officer
since 15 October 2016

Dr. Markus Krebber
Chief Financial Officer
since 15 October 2016

€'000 2019 2018 2019 2018
Fixed remuneration 1,160 1,160 763 750
Pension instalment = - 300 300
Fringe benefits 23 20 22 16
Total fixed remuneration 1,183 1,180 1,085 1,066
One-year variable remuneration (bonus) 1,782 1,386 1,171 898
Multi-year variable remuneration (SPP) 1,538 - 494 -

Payment from the 2016 tranche 1,538 - 494 -
Total variable remuneration 3,320 1,386 1,665 898
Total variable and fixed remuneration 4,503 2,566 2,750 1,964
Service cost 554 536 = -
Total remuneration 5,057 3,102 2,750 1,964

83


--- Page 57 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

1.13 Development of risks and opportunities

RWE’s risk exposure continued to improve in 2019. It was important to us that the European Commission gave the
go-ahead for the asset swap with E.ON. The renewable energy business gives us a new operating mainstay with a high
level of regulated income. This makes us more profitable and crisis-proof. Despite this, RWE remains exposed to risks.
For example, the adverse effects of the German coal phaseout may be more significant than expected. This and
further material risks are identified, assessed and managed using our proven Group risk management system, which
helps us to keep RWE on course despite the persistent uncertainties in our business.

Distribution of risk management tasks at RWE.
Responsibility for Group risk management lies with RWE AG.
The parent company’s Executive Board monitors and
manages the overall risk of the RWE Group. In addition, it
determines the general risk appetite of RWE and defines
upper limits for single risk positions. At the level below the
Executive Board, the Controlling & Risk Management
Department has the task of applying and developing the
risk management system. It derives detailed limits for the
individual business fields and operating units from the risk
caps set by the Executive Board. Its tasks also include
checking the identified risks for completeness and
plausibility and aggregating them. In so doing, it receives
support from the Risk Management Committee, which is
composed of the heads of the following five RWE AG
departments: Controlling & Risk Management (Chair),
Finance & Credit Risk, Accounting, Legal & Insurance, and
Corporate Business Development. The Controlling & Risk
Management Department provides the Executive Board and
the Supervisory Board of RWE AG with regular reports on
the company’s risk exposure.

Anumber of additional organisational units and committees
have been entrusted with risk management tasks:

+ Financial risks and credit risks are managed by the
Finance & Credit Risk Department, which reports directly
to the CFO of RWE AG.

+ The Accounting Department, which also reports to the
CFO, sees to it that financial reporting is free of material
misstatements. It has an accounting-related internal
control system for this purpose. A committee consisting of
officers from Accounting and other departments of
relevance to accounting assists in securing the quality of
financial reporting. More detailed information can be
found on page 92.

84

+ The Internal Audit & Compliance Department monitors
compliance with RWE's Code of Conduct, focusing on
avoiding corruption. It reports to the CEO of RWE AG or, if
members of the Executive Board are affected, directly to
the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and the Chairman
of the Audit Committee.

Risks from changes in commodity prices are monitored
by RWE Supply & Trading in so far as they relate to the
conventional electricity generation, energy trading and
gas businesses.

Strategies to limit market risks in conventional electricity
generation must be approved by the Commodity
Management Committee. The members of this expert
panel are the CFO of RWE AG, individuals from the
management team of RWE Supply & Trading and a
representative of the Controlling & Risk Management
Department.

In October 2019, we also set up such a committee for
market risks associated with renewable energy. The
Renewables Commodity Management Committee
consists of the CFO of RWE AG, members of the
management of RWE Renewables GmbH and a
representative of the Controlling & Risk Management
Department.

The strategic guidelines for the management of financial
assets (including the funds of RWE Pensionstreuhand e. V.)
are determined by the Asset Management Committee.
The following individuals belong to it: the CFO of

RWE AG, the Managing Director in charge of finance at
RWE Supply & Trading, the heads of the following
departments: Controlling & Risk Management,
Finance & Credit Risk, Portfolio Management/
Mergers & Acquisitions and - from the last department in
the list - the head of Financial Asset Management.


--- Page 58 ---

Combined review of operations > Development of risks and opportunities

Under the expert management of the aforementioned
organisational units, RWE AG and its operating subsidiaries
are responsible for identifying risks early, assessing them
correctly and managing them in compliance with corporate
standards. Internal Audit regularly assesses the quality and
functionality of our risk management system.

Risk management as a continuous process. Risks and
opportunities are defined as negative or positive deviations
from expected figures. Their management is an integral and
continuous part of operating processes. We assess risks
every six months, using a bottom-up analysis. We also
monitor risk exposure between the regular survey dates. The
Executive Board of RWE AG is immediately notified of any
material changes. Our executive and supervisory bodies are
updated on the Group's risks once a quarter.

RWE AG risk matrix

Potential damage

Category V

Category IV

Category III

Category II

Category |

1%<P<10%

10% < Ps 20%

20% < P< 50% P>50%

Probability of occurrence (P)

@ Lowrisk lll Medium risk

Potential damage? Earnings risks

@® High risk

Indebtedness/equity risks

€ million Potential impact on net income? Potential impact on net debt? and equity?
Category V 2 8,000 2 8,000

Category IV 2 1,500 and < 8,000 2 4,000 and < 8,000

Category Ill 2 600 and < 1,500 2 2,000 and < 4,000

Category Il > 300 and < 600 2 1,000 and < 2,000

Category | < 300 < 1,000

1 Aggregated for 2020 to 2022.

2 Since the sale of innogy, we have returned to the definition of net income, net debt and equity according to IFRS consolidation principles. These figures were
previously determined using the method presented on page 69, with innogy being recognised as a purely financial investment.

85


--- Page 59 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Our risk analysis normally covers the three-year horizon of
our medium-term plan, but can extend beyond that in
individual cases. We measure the potential damage based
onthe possible effects on net income, net debt and equity.
Hedging measures are considered. We define the potential
damage as the deviation from the budgeted figure in
question, accumulated over the three-year planning
horizon. We analyse the material risks using a matrix (see
chart on the preceding page) in which they are categorised
by potential damage and probability of occurrence. Risks

Risk classes

that share the same cause are aggregated to a single risk
if possible. To clearly assign them to the matrix fields, we
have established thresholds for net income, net debt and
equity, which are oriented towards the RWE Group's ability to
bear risks. They are presented in the table below the matrix.
Depending on their position in the matrix, we distinguish
between low, medium and high risks. Based on this systematic
risk identification, we determine whether there is a need for
action and initiate measures to mitigate the risks if necessary.

Classification of the highest single risk

31Dec 2019 31 Dec 2018
Market risks Medium Medium
Regulatory and political risks High High
Legal risks Low Medium
Operational risks Medium Medium
Financial risks Medium Medium
Creditworthiness of business partners Medium Medium
Other risks Low High

Main risks for the RWE Group. Depending on their causes,
our risks can be classified into seven groups, which are
shown in the table above. The highest individual risk
determines the classification of the risk of the entire risk
class. Only the regulatory and political risks are currently
classified as ‘high’ They primarily result from the coal
phaseout in Germany. It is already apparent that the
compensation we have been awarded will not fully cover the
financial damage we will sustain as a result of the early
closure of lignite power plants and opencast mines. In fact,
the difference between the compensation and the actual
damage could increase if the burdens are greater than
planned. Furthermore, regulatory pressure on our lignite
business may continue to rise despite the exit agreement.
We no longer see any high risks in the ‘other risks’ category.
In the previous year, we had factored in the potential failure
of the asset swap with E.ON. Since the transaction was
approved and implemented to a substantial extent, ‘other
risks’ are now classified as ‘low.

86

In this section, we provide commentary on the main risks
and opportunities and explain what measures have been
taken to counter the threat of negative developments.

+ Market risks. In most of the countries in which we are
active the energy sector is characterised by the free
formation of prices. Declines in quotations on wholesale
electricity markets can cause generation assets to
become less profitable. This relates to power plants as
well as wind farms and other renewable energy assets
that are not subsidised with fixed feed-in payments.
Declines in electricity prices can cause us to recognise
impairments.

Power purchase agreements with firm conditions expose
us to the risk of having to pay more for electricity than we
can earn when selling it on the market. This may force us
to form provisions to cover this risk. We have identified
such a risk inherent in the two contracts we concluded to
purchase electricity from the 1,055 MW Datteln 4 hard
coal-fired power plant in 2005 and 2006. Based on the


--- Page 60 ---

Combined review of operations > Development of risks and opportunities

estimates of its operator Uniper, the station will go online
in the summer of 2020, ten years later than planned. We
intend to adapt or cancel the purchase agreements and
have therefore taken legal recourse.

Wholesale electricity prices in our most important
generation markets, i.e. Germany, the UK and the
Netherlands, are far above the lows recorded in 2016.
This is primarily due to the development of the prices of
fuel and CO> emission allowances. It cannot be ruled out
that electricity prices come under significant pressure
again. The continued expansion of renewable energy
could be a contributing factor. However, there is also a
chance that prices develop in our favour, not least due to
the German nuclear and coal phaseouts. The reduction of
secured generation capacity could lead to more frequent
shortages along with high electricity prices.

We assess the price risks to which we are exposed on the
procurement and supply markets taking account of
current forward prices and expected volatility. For our
power plants, we limit these risks by selling most of our
electricity forward and securing the prices of the fuel and
COz emission allowances needed for its generation.

We also use financial instruments to hedge our
commodity positions. In the consolidated financial
statements, such instruments, including those serving the
purpose of limiting interest and currency risks, are
usually presented through the statement of on-balance-
sheet hedges. More detailed information on this can be
found on pages 113 et seqq. in the Notes.

RWE Supply & Trading plays a central role when it comes
to managing commodity price risks. It functions as the
Groups interface to the global wholesale markets for
electricity and energy commodities. On behalf of our power
plant companies, RWE Supply & Trading markets large
portions of our generation position and purchases the
fuel and CO; certificates needed to produce electricity.
The role of RWE Supply & Trading as internal transaction
partner makes it easier for us to limit the risks associated
with price volatility on energy markets. However, the
trading transactions are not exclusively intended to
reduce risks. In compliance with risk thresholds, the
company also takes commodity positions to achieve

a profit.

87

Our risk management system for energy trading is firmly
aligned with best practice as applied to the trading
businesses of banks. As part of this, transactions with third
parties are concluded only if the associated risks are
within approved limits. There are guidelines governing the
treatment of commodity price risks and associated credit
risks. Our subsidiaries constantly monitor their commodity
positions. Risks associated with trades conducted by

RWE Supply & Trading for its own account are monitored
daily.

The Value at Risk (VaR) is of central importance for risk
measurement in energy trading. It specifies the maximum
loss from a risk position not exceeded with a
predetermined probability over a predefined period of
time. The VaR figures within the RWE Group are based on
aconfidence interval of 95%. The assumed holding
period for a position is one day. This means that, with a
probability of 95 %, the daily loss will not exceed the VaR.

The VaR for the price risks of commodity positions in the
trading business of RWE Supply & Trading may not rise
above €40 million. In the past financial year, it averaged
€12 million, and the daily maximum was €22 million. In
addition, limits derived from the aforementioned VaR
thresholds have been set for every trading desk.
Furthermore, we develop extreme scenarios and factor
them into stress tests, determine their consequences for
earnings, and take countermeasures if we deem the risks
to be too high.

The management of our gas portfolio and the liquefied
natural gas (LNG) business is pooled in a new
organisational unit at RWE Supply & Trading. We
established a VaR cap of €14 million for these activities.
The average VaR in 2019 was €6 million, and the daily
maximum was €8 million.

We also apply the VaR concept to measure the extent to
which the commodity price risks that we are exposed to
outside the trading business can affect the RWE Groups
adjusted EBITDA. To this end, we calculate the overall risk
for the Group on the basis of the commodity risk positions
of the individual companies; this overall risk mainly stems
from power generation. As the majority of our generation
position is already fully hedged for 2020, only minor
market price risks remain for this year. Opportunities for
additional profits arise, because we are able to flexibly
adapt our power plant deployment to short-term market
developments.


--- Page 61 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

In the UK generation business, our earnings not only
depend on the development of the price of electricity, fuel
and emission allowances, but also on the level of the
payments we receive for participating in the national
capacity market. The payments are determined in annual
auctions and fluctuate depending on supply and
demand.

We are also exposed to market risks in the gas storage
business, which has gained importance for us as a result
of the transaction with E.ON. As set out on page 31, the
realisable margins depend significantly on the seasonal
differences in the price of gas. If the price differences are
large, they can be taken advantage of to generate
substantial income. The German gas storage business is
currently characterised by overcapacity and substantial
pressure on margins. However, we are confident that
market conditions will improve in the long run.

Our biggest market risks remain unchanged in the
‘medium category.

Regulatory and political risks. Energy supply is a long-
term business and companies involved in this industry are
dependent on a stable, reliable framework, which has
recently ceased to exist especially in conventional
electricity generation. Ambitious emission reduction
targets have caused the governments in our core
markets to intervene in the energy sector repeatedly. The
most recent examples of this are the decisions to phase
out coal-fired power generation in Germany and the
Netherlands, on which we provide detailed information on
pages 42 et seqq. After intense negotiations, we reached
an agreement with the government on the early closure
of our lignite-fired power plants and opencast mines. In
exchange, we were promised compensation, but it will not
fully cover our expected financial burdens. Furthermore,
there is a risk of the actual burdens being more substantial
than planned, and, in turn, the earnings shortfalls as well.
Legislation on the coal phaseout in the Netherlands does
not provide for compensating the affected power
producers at all. Despite this, we are pushing for
compensation for our financial disadvantages and will
take legal recourse if necessary.

88

As much as the most recent decisions to phase out coal
place a burden on us, they can contribute to de-escalating
the dispute over coal-based electricity generation,
thereby increasing the planning security of power plant
operators. However, the risk of regulatory pressure rising
despite this remains, for example through the introduction
of price floors for carbon dioxide or the determination of
extremely restrictive pollutant emission limits.

We are also exposed to risks in the field of nuclear energy,
albeit to a much lesser extent than in the past. Since we
made contributions to the German nuclear energy fund in
the middle of 2017, the state has assumed complete
responsibility for the interim and final storage of our
radioactive waste. However, we are still exposed to cost
risks associated with disposal tasks which remain within
our remit. For example, it cannot be ruled out that the
dismantling of nuclear power stations will be more
expensive than estimated and we will therefore have to
establish higher provisions. However, we also see the
opportunity to leverage synergies and cut costs.

Our risk exposure in the British capacity market also
improved. The market had been suspended in November
2018, because the Court of the European Union had
declared its approval issued by the European Commission
in 2014 null and void. Following an extensive review,

the Commission reapproved the capacity market in
October 2019. This meant that capacity payments could
be resumed and the retained payments could be made
retrospectively.

Even in the present political environment, we are exposed
to risks associated with, for instance, approvals when
building and operating production facilities. This
particularly affects our opencast mines and power
stations. The danger here is that approvals are granted
late or not at all and that granted approvals are
withdrawn temporarily or for good. One example is the
preliminary halt to the clearance of Hambach Forest
ordered by the Munster Higher Administrative Court in
October 2018, which curtailed the continued operation
of the Hambach opencast mine. However, the suit
pending before the Munster Higher Administrative Court
should lose importance as we have reached an
agreement on the preservation of the forest with the
government.


--- Page 62 ---

Combined review of operations > Development of risks and opportunities

In Germany, we do not have to pay an apportionment
under the Renewable Energy Act (EEG) for electricity that
we consume ourselves in our power stations and
opencast mines. However, the legal situation surrounding
the own electricity privilege is vague and requires
clarification on certain points from the country's highest
court, for example with regard to the EEG exemption of
leased assets. There is a danger that the options to
benefit from the own electricity privilege may be limited
and that back payments may even have to be made for
previous years.

By acquiring the renewable energy businesses of E.ON
and innogy, we are positioning ourselves in an area of the
energy sector that is characterised by fairly stable
framework conditions and wide public acceptance.
However, there are regulatory risks in this area as well.
Adjustments to state subsidy schemes can lead to
reductions in payments and new projects losing their
appeal. This can lead to investment undertakings being
broken off. It is also conceivable that firmly pledged state
payments may be cut retrospectively. In the dialogue we
maintain with policymakers, we point out that reliable
framework conditions are the basic precondition for
companies to invest in building sustainable, climate-friendly
energy infrastructure.

Although our exposure to regulatory and political risks has
decreased, we continue to classify them as ‘high. We
ascribe the greatest importance to the burdens resulting
from the German coal phaseout, which cannot be offset
by compensatory payments from the state.

Legal risks. Individual RWE Group companies are
involved in litigation and arbitration proceedings due to
their operations or the acquisition of companies. Out-of-
court claims have been filed against some of them.
Furthermore, Group companies are directly involved in
various procedures with public authorities or are at least
affected by their outcomes. To the extent necessary, we
have accrued provisions for possible losses resulting from
pending proceedings before ordinary courts and
arbitration courts.

Risks may also result from exemptions and warranties
that we granted in connection with the sale of assets.
Exemptions ensure that the seller covers the risks that are
identified within the scope of due diligence, the probability
of occurrence of which is, however, uncertain. In contrast,
warranties cover risks that are unknown at the time of
sale. These hedging instruments are standard procedure
in sales of companies and equity holdings.

89

We currently have low exposure to legal risks. At the end of
2019, a claim for damages filed against us due to a failed
joint venture with the Russian Sintez Group was dismissed.
This eliminated our sole legal risk in the ‘medium category.

Operational risks. RWE operates technologically
complex, interconnected production facilities such as
conventional power stations, opencast mines and large-
scale onshore and offshore wind farms. Damage and
outages can result in substantial lost earnings. During
their construction and modernisation, delays and cost
increases can occur, for example due to accidents,
material defects, late deliveries or time-consuming
approval processes. Furthermore, renewable energy
assets run the risk of delayed commissioning being
disadvantageous to subsidisation. We counter the
described risks through diligent plant and project
management as well as high safety standards. We also
regularly inspect and maintain our facilities. If
economically viable, we take out insurance policies.

In relation to capital expenditure, there is a risk that the
return may fall short of expectations and prices paid for
acquisitions may retrospectively prove to be too high.
Before we take investment decisions, we conduct
extensive analyses to try and map the financial and
strategic effects as realistically as possible. Moreover,
RWE has specific accountability provisions and approval
processes in place to prepare and implement the
decisions.

Our business processes are supported by secure data
processing systems. Nevertheless, we cannot rule out a
lack of availability of IT infrastructure or a breach in data
security. Our high security standards are designed to
prevent this. In addition, we regularly invest in hardware
and software upgrades.

As in the previous year, our operating risks are classified
as ‘medium’.


--- Page 63 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

+ Financial risks. Market interest rates, currency exchange
rates, share prices and collateral pledged for forward
transactions can have a substantial effect on our
financial position. We are exposed to various interest rate
risks. For example, rises in interest rates can lead to
reductions in the price of the securities we hold. This
primarily relates to fixed-interest bonds. Last year, the
VaR for the interest rate-related price risk of capital
investments was €5 million on average at RWE AG.

Moreover, increases in interest rates cause our financing
costs to rise. We measure this risk using the Cash Flow at
Risk (CFaR), applying a confidence level of 95% and a
holding period of one year. Our average CFaR at RWE AG
in 2019 was €18 million.

Furthermore, market interest rates have an effect on our
provisions, as they are the point of reference for the
discount rates used for determining the net present
values of obligations. This means that, all other things
being equal, provisions rise when market interest rates fall
and vice versa. On pages 144 et seqq. of the Notes, we
present the effects of changes in interest rates on the net
present values of our pension obligations and on the
nuclear and mining provisions.

We are exposed to foreign exchange risks primarily owing
to our business activities in the UK and the USA.
Furthermore, energy commodities such as coal and oil
are traded in US dollars. Companies which are overseen
by RWE AG have their currency risks managed by the
parent company. RWE AG aggregates the risks to a net
financial position for each currency and hedges it if
necessary. In the year being reviewed, the average VaR for
RWE AG's foreign currency position was €2 million.

The securities we hold in our portfolio include shares. The
single-largest position is currently the 15% stake in E.ON,
which had a fair value of €3.8 billion as of the end of
2019. Substantial changes in the quotation of the EON
share can affect our financial power significantly. Besides
the stake in E.ON, our assets under management include
other substantial shareholdings. In 2019, the average
VaR for the share price risk of these equities (without the
stake in E.ON) was €5 million.

90

Collateral pledged for forward transactions can have a
significant effect on our liquidity. Its level is determined by
the extent to which the contractually agreed prices deviate
from market quotations as of the respective cut-off date.
These differences can be substantial, especially on volatile
markets. In recent times, the prices of commodities of
importance to us have fluctuated considerably, in
particular those of CO3 emission allowances. This
development exposes us to risks. However, this also
increases the probability of receiving substantial
collateral from contracting parties, resulting in a
temporary increase in our equity.

Risks and opportunities from changes in the price of
securities are controlled by a professional fund

management system. Range of action, responsibilities
and controls are set out in internal guidelines which the
Group companies are obliged to adhere to when
concluding financial transactions. All financial
transactions are recorded using special software and are

monitored by RWE AG.

The conditions at which we can finance our business on
the debt capital market are in part dependent on the
credit ratings we receive from international rating
agencies. As set out on page 63, Moody's and Fitch place
our creditworthiness in the investment grade category
with a stable outlook. However, the agencies may change
their assessments and lower our credit rating, which can
result in additional costs if we have to raise debt capital.
This would probably also increase the liquidity
requirement when pledging collateral for forward
transactions.

Our growth strategy in the renewables business envisages
annual spending of €1.5 billion to €2.0 billion plus
proceeds from the sale of shares in projects. This exposes
us to the risk of a timing offset between fund procurement
and fund usage: we are often bound to firm time frames
when spending capital, but the divestments necessary to
refinance them can be delayed or fail. In such cases, our
net debt would rise - at least temporarily.

As in the previous year, we classify our financial risks as
‘medium’.


--- Page 64 ---

Combined review of operations > Development of risks and opportunities

+ Creditworthiness of business partners. Our business
relations with key accounts, suppliers, trading partners
and financial institutions expose us to credit risks.
Therefore, we track the creditworthiness of our
transaction partners closely and assess their credit
standing based on internal ratings, both before and
during the business relationship. Transactions that exceed
certain approval thresholds and all trading transactions
are subject to credit limits, which we determine before the
transaction is concluded and adjust if necessary, for
instance in the event of a change in creditworthiness. At
times, we request cash collateral or bank guarantees. In
the trading and financing business, credit risks and the
utilisation of the limits are measured daily.

We agree on collateral when concluding over-the-counter
trading transactions. Furthermore, we enter into
framework agreements, e.g. those of the European
Federation of Energy Traders (EFET). For financial
derivatives, we make use of the German master
agreement for forward financial transactions or the
master agreement of the International Swaps and
Derivatives Association (ISDA).

As in the past, our risks stemming from the
creditworthiness of our business partners do not exceed
the category ‘medium’.

Other risks. This risk class includes reputation risks and
risks associated with non-compliance and criminal
offences. Until September 2019, this category covered
the possibility of a failure of the asset swap with E.ON. This
risk, which we had classified as ‘high’ due to its huge
potential damage, has since been eliminated. As a result,
the overall risk in this category is now ‘low.

RWE’s risks and opportunities: general assessment by
management. As demonstrated by the commentary in this
chapter, RWE's overall risk exposure improved. The risk of
our asset swap with E.ON failing has been eliminated and
our operating activities will become more stable and
crisis-proof thanks to the large contribution to earnings
made by renewable energy. The reinstatement of the British
capacity market is also having a positive effect.
Nevertheless, we remain exposed to substantial risks.

91

Germany's coal phaseout in particular has negative
consequences for us. The state compensation that we have
been offered does not fully cover the foreseeable damage.
This discrepancy could become more significant if the
burdens we actually experience exceed our expectations.
We welcome the planning security gained due to the exit
roadmap. In the renewable energy business, we are also
exposed to regulatory risks, albeit to a lesser extent. Cuts in
state subsidies could cause investment projects to stop
being worthwhile. Retrospective intervention in the subsidy
scheme could even render existing assets unprofitable. We
have not identified any further material regulatory risks for
the time being. Brexit is also highly unlikely to have a
substantial impact on our business.

Besides the regulatory environment, market conditions can
also change substantially. This exposes us to risks in
particular in power production. Decreases in wholesale
electricity prices can shrink our margins. However, prices
and margins can also display positive development. In
Germany, our main market, we could benefit from
temporary price spikes, which may become more frequent
given the expected shortage of conventional generation
capacity.

Through extensive restructuring, ambitious efficiency-
enhancing measures and strict investing discipline, we have
established a solid financial foundation for the RWE Group.
By analysing the effects of risks on our liquidity and pursuing
aconservative financing strategy, we ensure that we can
meet our payment obligations punctually. We have
considerable liquid funds and great leeway in terms of debt
financing, thanks to the Debt Issuance Programme, the
Commercial Paper Programme and the syndicated credit
line. We budget our liquidity with foresight, based on the
short, medium and long-term funding needs of our Group
companies, and have a significant amount of minimum
liquidity on a daily basis.

Thanks to our comprehensive risk management system and
the measures for safeguarding our financial and earning
power described earlier, we are confident that we can
manage the current risks to RWE. At the same time, we are
establishing the prerequisites for ensuring that this remains
the case in the future.


--- Page 65 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Accounting-related internal control system: statements
in accordance with Section 289, Paragraph 4, and
Section 315, Paragraph 4 of the German Commercial
Code. Risks associated with financial reporting reflect the
fact that our annual, consolidated and interim financial
statements may contain misrepresentations that could
have a significant influence on the decisions made by their
addressees. For example, stated earnings that are too high
could cause capital investors to invest in the company. Our
accounting-related Internal Control System (ICS) aims to
detect potential errors and misrepresentations that result
from non-compliance with accounting standards. The
foundations of the ICS are our basic principles - which are
set out in RWE's Code of Conduct and, first and foremost,
include our ambition to provide complete, objective, correct,
clear and timely information - as well as our groupwide
guidelines. Building on this, minimum requirements for the
accounting-related IT systems are designed to ensure the
reliability of data collection and processing.

RWE AG is responsible for the design and monitoring of
the ICS. These tasks are performed by our Accounting
Department. In doing so, it can rely on a groupwide set of
rules. On top of this, we created a committee, the objective
of which is to ensure that the ICS is applied throughout
the Group following uniform principles and meeting high
ambitions in terms of correctness and transparency. The
ICS Committee consists of representatives from the
Accounting, Controlling & Risk Management and Internal
Audit & Compliance departments, along with officers from
the areas of human resources, procurement, trading,
finance, taxes and IT, all of whom play an important role in
accounting.

We subject the ICS to a comprehensive review every year.
As a first step, we examine whether the risk situation is
presented appropriately and whether suitable controls are
in place for the identified risks. In a second step, we test the
effectiveness of the controls. If the ICS reviews pertain to
accounting-related processes, e.g., the preparation of
financial statements or consolidation, they are conducted
by employees from the Accounting Department. The
appropriateness and effectiveness of the controls are
certified by an accounting firm for processes handled by
service centres on our behalf, for example invoice

92

processing. The representatives of the finance, human
resources, procurement, trading and IT functions document
whether the agreed ICS quality standards are adhered to by
their respective areas. Our Internal Audit Department is also
involved in the ICS reviews. The results of the reviews are
documented in a report to the Executive Board of RWE AG.

The review conducted in 2019 once again demonstrated
that the ICS is effective. The tests related to RWE without
innogy. However, our subsidiary, which has been sold in the
meantime, applied the audit procedure described above
analogously. The results obtained were considered in the
assessment of the ICS of RWE.

Within the scope of external reporting, the members of the
Executive Board of RWE AG take a half-year and full-year
balance-sheet oath, confirming that the prescribed
accounting standards have been adhered to and that the
financial statements give a true and fair view of the net
worth, financial position and earnings. When in session, the
Supervisory Board's Audit Committee regularly concerns
itself with the effectiveness of the ICS. Once a year, the
Executive Board of RWE AG submits a report on this to the
Committee.


--- Page 66 ---

Combined review of operations > Outlook

1.14 Outlook

Our earnings forecast for 2020 already reflects the new RWE entirely. The renewable energy business that we
acquired from E.ON in September 2019 is now contributing to the Group’s earnings for a full year for the first time.
This will have a positive impact on adjusted EBITDA, which we estimate will amount to between €2.7 billion and

€3.0 billion. This would be substantially above the €2.5 billion achieved last year. Here, we will benefi

from the

progressive expansion of our wind and solar power capacity. By contrast, we will probably not match the
extraordinarily good energy trading performance achieved in 2019.

Experts predict steady growth. Initial forecasts see the
world economy expanding by about 2.5% in 2020, roughly
as much as last year. The economic outlook for the
Eurozone is also similar to the development in 2019, with
estimated growth of some 1%. Experts anticipate a similar
gain in Germany, whereas growth in the Netherlands may
well once again exceed the average of the Eurozone
countries. The UK's prospects largely depend on whether the
country manages to maintain its close economic relations
with the EU after Brexit. If so, UK GDP could post an increase
of 1%. The US economy is expected to expand by some 2%.

Power consumption expected to stagnate. Our
expectations regarding this year’s electricity usage are
based on the above economic outlooks. If the German
economy grows as expected, demand for electricity in our
home country should be flat relative to 2019. The
precondition for this is that the decline in industrial output
witnessed in 2019 comes to a halt. However, as in other
RWE markets, Germany is also expected to feel the
dampening effects of energy savings. Electricity usage in
the UK should also be on a par year on year, whereas it will
probably post a slight rise in the Netherlands due to the
country’s more dynamic economy. Despite the favourable
growth forecast for the USA, we anticipate that the country’s
demand for electricity will stagnate because we expect the
need for energy for air conditioning to decline further. This is
based on the assumption that summer temperatures will
be normal and therefore slightly lower than in 2019.

93

Electricity production for 2020 nearly completely sold
forward. The development of commodity prices will depend
on a number of factors that are very difficult to predict.
However, it will only have a minor impact on our earnings in
the current year, because we have sold forward nearly all
our electricity generation for 2020 and have secured the
prices of the required fuel and CO; emission allowances.
These transactions have been concluded up to three years
in advance. Therefore, the realised electricity prices can
differ from the current market quotations significantly. The
price realised for the electricity generated by our German
lignite-fired and nuclear power stations, which we sold
forward with long lead times, was higher for 2020 than for
2019.

Focus on completing the asset swap with E.ON and the
agreement on the lignite phaseout. This year, we want to
bring the asset swap with E.ON to a rapid conclusion. Once
the continuing operations have been transferred to us, the
new RWE will also be complete in legal terms. The German
coal phaseout will remain a central topic. Now that we have
reached an agreement with the federal government on the
exit conditions for our lignite power stations and opencast
mines, the next step is to convert this agreement into a
public law contract. This is the only way to give our Rhenish
lignite business and its 10,000 workers certainty.

Financial reporting for 2020 reflects the new RWE. This
year’s financial reporting reflects the new RWE from the
outset. The renewable energy business transferred from
E.ON to RWE in September 2019 and the minority interests
in our Gundremmingen and Emsland nuclear power stations
we received in the same month will contribute to the Group's
earnings for a full year in 2020 for the first time. The innogy
operations which we will continue remain included in our
figures although, legally, they still belong to the E.ON Group for
the time being.


--- Page 67 ---

RWE Annual Report 2019.

Earnings forecast? 2019 actual Outlook for 2020
€million
Adjusted EBITDA 2,489 2,700-3,000
of which:
Core business 2,183 2,150-2,450
of which:
Offshore Wind 614 900-1,100
Onshore Wind /Solar 295 500-600
Hydro / Biomass /Gas 671 550-650
Supply & Trading 731 150-350
Coal / Nuclear 307 500-600
Adjusted EBIT 1,267 1,200-1,500
Adjusted net income - 850-1,150

1 New segment structure; prior-year figures adjusted.

Starting in 2020, we have a new segment structure. We
eliminated the provisional items ‘innogy - continuing
operations and ‘acquired E.ON operations’ and reassigned
the generation activities based on energy source. Going
forward, we will distribute our business among the following
five segments: (1) Offshore Wind, (2) Onshore Wind /Solar,

(3) Hydro / Biomass / Gas, (4) Supply & Trading and

(5) Coal / Nuclear. Segments (1) to (4) represent our core
business. In (5), we have pooled our German electricity
generation from lignite, hard coal and nuclear fuel. These
technologies must follow exit paths established by the
government, as a result of which plant dismantling and
opencast mine recultivation will gain importance relative to
power production. Figures for 2019 will be adapted to the
new segment structure to enable comparability.

Adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2020 forecast between

€2.7 billion and €3.0 billion. Our operating result should
continue to improve. We expect adjusted EBITDA for 2020
in the order of €2,700 million to €3,000 million (previous
year: €2,489 million), with around €2,150 million to
€2,450 million coming from the core business. Including
anticipated operating depreciation and amortisation of
about €1,500 million, the Group's adjusted EBIT is estimated
to total between €1,200 million and €1,500 million (previous
year: €1,267 million). The earnings figures do not include
the income from our 15 % shareholding in E.ON, which we
recognise in the financial result.

94

We anticipate adjusted net income of €850 million to
€1,150 million. This figure differs from net income
according to IFRS in that the non-operating result, which
reflects exceptional items, and other major non-recurrent
effects as well as the applicable taxes are deducted from it.
We did not calculate adjusted net income for the last two
years because this figure would have been of limited
informational value due to the significant one-off effects of
the asset swap with E.ON.

The positive earnings trend is primarily due to the
renewable energy business acquired from E.ON. As we have
been including it in our figures since 18 September 2019, it
will contribute a full twelve months of earnings to our Group
in 2020 for the first time. By contrast, RWE Supply & Trading
will probably not be able to match the exceptional trading
performance posted last year.

Our outlook broken down by segment is as follows:

+ Offshore Wind: We anticipate that our offshore wind farm
business in 2020 will post adjusted EBITDA of
€900 million to €1,100 million. This would represent a
significant increase over last year's figure (€614 million),
which only considered three-and-a-half months of the
acquired E.ON operations.


--- Page 68 ---

Combined review of operations > Outlook

+ Onshore Wind /Solar: Adjusted EBITDA recorded by our
onshore wind power and photovoltaic activities is expected
to total between €500 million and €600 million, clearly
exceeding last year's figure (€295 million). In addition to
the full-year inclusion of the E.ON business for the first
time, the commissioning of new generation capacity will
also contribute to the rise in earnings.

Hydro / Biomass /Gas: This segment encompasses our
run-of-river, pumped storage, biomass and gas power
stations. It also includes the Dutch Amer 9 and Eemshaven
hard coal power plants, because we are increasingly
co-firing them with biomass. Furthermore, the Aberthaw
hard coal-fired power station, which was decommissioned
at the end of 20149, is still considered in this segment.

Our 37.9% stake in Kelag, the Austrian energy utility
specialising in hydroelectric power, is also reported here.
We expect adjusted EBITDA generated in this segment to
total between €550 million and €650 million in 2020.
This would represent a decline compared to 2019

(€671 million). Lower payments from the British capacity
market are the main reason. Last year, we benefited from
retrospective capacity payments for 2018.

Supply & Trading: Starting in 2020, this segment also
includes innogy’s German and Czech gas storage
facilities. We expect Supply & Trading to achieve annual
average adjusted EBITDA in the order of €250 million
over the long term. This figure should usually range
between €150 million and €350 million. Following the
exceptionally strong earnings posted in 2019 (€731 million),
we anticipate a figure within the aforementioned range
in 2020.

Coal/ Nuclear: Our German lignite, hard coal and nuclear
power stations as well as lignite production in the Rhenish
coal mining region are subsumed here. We expect
adjusted EBITDA in this segment to amount to €500 million
to €600 million, clearly surpassing the figure achieved
last year (€307 million). This is due to higher generation
margins and the full-year impact on earnings of the
acquired minority stakes in the Gundremmingen and
Emsland nuclear power plants.

Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment
markedly up on previous year. Capital expenditure on
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets is
estimated to be much higher than in 2019 (€2,090 million).
The full-year inclusion of the renewable energy business
received from E.ON will come to bear here. However, capital
expenditure on property, plant and equipment in our core
business will probably increase even without this effect,
because we are building several large-scale wind farms,

for example, Triton Knoll in the British North Sea and

Big Raymond in Texas. We plan to spend €200 million to
€300 million outside of the core business in the Coal/ Nuclear
segment. These funds are primarily being used to maintain
our power plants and opencast mines.

Net debt not to exceed three times EBITDA. One of our
key management parameters is the ratio of net debt to
adjusted EBITDA of the core business, also referred to as the
leverage factor. This key figure is more indicative than total
liabilities because it also reflects earning power and
therefore our ability to meet our debt obligations. We set
the upper limit for the leverage factor at 3.0, which we
intend to comply with over the long term. This involves a new
definition of net debt: in the future, it will no longer contain
our provisions for mining damage, which essentially cover
our obligations to recultivate opencast mining areas. The
same applies to the assets we use to cover these provisions.
These assets include our 15% stake in E.ON and the

€2.6 billion claim for damages from the lignite phaseout,
which was recognised in net debt in 2019.

Dividend for 2020. RWE AG's dividend policy will remain

in line with the principle of economic sustainability. The
Executive Board intends to pay a dividend of €0.85 per share
for fiscal 2020, which is slightly higher than for 2019. It is
envisaged that the dividend payment will continue rising
steadily in line with the development of our core business in
the following years.

95
