

--- Page 1 ---

86 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

About ABB

ABB is a technology leader that is driving the digi-
tal transformation of industries. With a history of
innovation spanning more than 130 years, ABB
has four, customer-focused, globally leading Busi-
nesses: Electrification, Industrial Automation,

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Motion, and Robotics & Discrete Automation,
supported by the ABB Ability™ digital platform.
We plan to divest 80.1 percent of ABB’s Power
Grids business to Hitachi in 2020. ABB has ap-
proximately 144,000 employees.

History of the ABB Group

The ABB Group was formed in 1988 through a
merger between Asea AB and BBC Brown Boveri
AG. Initially founded in 1883, Asea AB was a major
participant in the introduction of electricity into
Swedish homes and businesses and in the develop-
ment of Sweden’s railway network. In the 1940s and
1950s, Asea AB expanded into the power, mining
and steel industries. Brown Boveri and Cie. (later re-
named BBC Brown Boveri AG) was formed in Swit-
zerland in 1891 and initially specialized in power
generation and turbines. In the early to mid-1900s,
it expanded its operations throughout Europe and
broadened its business operations to includea
wide range of electrical engineering activities.

In January 1988, Asea AB and BBC Brown Boveri
AG each contributed almost all of their businesses
to the newly formed ABB Asea Brown Boveri Ltd,
of which they each owned 50 percent. In 1996,

Asea AB was renamed ABB AB and BBC Brown
Boveri AG was renamed ABB AG. In February 1999,
the ABB Group announced a group reconfigura-
tion designed to establish a single parent hold-
ing company and a single class of shares. ABB Ltd
was incorporated on March 5, 1999, under the
laws of Switzerland. In June 1999, ABB Ltd became
the holding company for the entire ABB Group.
This was accomplished by having ABB Ltd issue
shares to the shareholders of ABB AG and ABB AB,
the two companies that formerly owned the

ABB Group. The ABB Ltd shares were exchanged
for the shares of those two companies, which, as
aresult of the share exchange and certain related
transactions, became wholly-owned subsidiaries
of ABB Ltd. ABB Ltd shares are currently listed on
the SIX Swiss Exchange, the NASDAQ OMx Stock-
holm Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange
(in the form of American Depositary Shares).

Organizational structure

Our business is international in scope and we gen-
erate revenues in numerous currencies. We oper-
ate in approximately 100 countries across three
regions: Europe, the Americas, and Asia, Middle
East and Africa (AMEA). We are headquartered in
Zurich, Switzerland.

We manage our company through our four Busi-
nesses. For a breakdown of our consolidated
revenues (i) by Business (ii) by geographic region
(iii) by end-customer markets and (iv) by product
type, see “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review
and Prospects — Analysis of Results of Operations
— Revenues” and “Note 23 - Operating segment
and geographic data”. We also operate our Power
Grids business, which is reported as discontinued

operations in the Consolidated Financial State-
ments (see “Discontinued operations” section
below).

Our principal corporate offices are located at Af-
folternstrasse 44, CH-8050 Zurich, Switzerland,
telephone number +41 43 317 7111. Our agent for
U.S. federal securities law purposes is ABB Hold-
ings Inc., located at 305 Gregson Drive, Cary,
North Carolina 27511. Our internet address is
www.abb.com. The United States Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) maintains a website
at www.sec.gov which contains in electronic form
each of the reports and other information that we
have filed electronically with the SEC.


--- Page 2 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

Employees

A breakdown of our employees by geographic re-
gion is as follows:

December 31, 2019 2018 2017
Europe 68,400 68,300 63,000
The Americas 35,200 35,600 28,800
Asia, Middle East and Africa 40,800 42,700 43,000

Total 144,400 146,600 134,800

Our markets

ABB is a technology leader that is driving the digi-
tal transformation of industries, combining elec-
trification, automation and robotics and digitali-
zation solutions for industrial customers. We
operate in attractive, growing markets with a fo-
cus on fast-growth segments including software
and digital solutions, data centers, EV charging,
robotics and machine and factory automation. We
believe that our portfolio is well positioned to
benefit from secular growth drivers, including ur-
banization, aging populations, the electrification
of transport, the Internet of Things and other
data and digitalization trends.

Approximately 40 percent of our orders are for
digitally enabled products and services (including
ABB Ability™ solutions, software and related ser-
vices, digitally enabled products). As the
end-markets we serve are still at an early stage of
digitalization, including food and beverage, rail,
buildings, oil and gas, chemicals, marine, utilities,
and other discrete markets, we expect the de-
mand for digitally enabled solutions from our cus-
tomers to grow significantly in the coming years.

ABB Ability™ is our unified, cross-industry digital
portfolio, extending from device to edge to cloud
onan open architecture platform. ABB Ability™
provides over 160 solutions (excluding the Power
Grids business) utilizing the latest software tech-
nologies, including artificial intelligence and ma-
chine learning, to improve productivity and effi-
ciency, security, safety and reliability, ultimately
unlocking value for customers. ABB Ability™ solu-
tions cover the entire life-cycle of assets, from
planning and building to performance manage-
ment. ABB Ability™ is a globally recognized mar-
ket leader for control systems for process indus-
tries and for utility- and mining-related asset
management software. We also have a leading

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 87

The proportion of our employees that are repre-
sented by labor unions or are subject to collective
bargaining agreements varies based on the labor
practices of each country in which we operate.

offering in connected services, for example re-
mote monitoring services for robots, motors and
machinery and remote control solutions for build-
ings, EV charging networks and offshore plat-
forms. Some of the more specialized offerings ad-
dress energy management for data centers and
navigation optimization and automation for mari-
time shipping fleets.

Utilities Market

Following the agreement to divest the Power
Grids business to Hitachi, which we announced on
December 17, 2018, the exposure to utility cus-
tomers for our continuing operations has de-
creased significantly. In 2019, ABB was focused on
delivering solutions in the distribution and renew-
ables segments within the sector, even while con-
tinuing to service conventional power generation
customers with our control and automation solu-
tions. Our continuing operations are not active in
the high-voltage transmission segment. As a pro-
portion of revenues, utility customers accounted
for 15 percent in 2019.

Conventional power generation markets were
challenged in 2019, with select investments fo-
cused in service activities as utilities looked to
prolong asset-lives. Renewables investments
grew, while capital expenditure in the distribution
segment also increased owing to the increased
scale of output from renewables assets.

Industry Market

We serve production facilities and factories all
around the world from process to discrete indus-
tries with a comprehensive automation portfolio
including robotics. Automation and digitalized
solutions that achieve improved safety, uptime,
energy efficiency and productivity are the in-
tended hallmarks of our offerings in this customer


--- Page 3 ---

88 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

segment. As a proportion of revenues, industrial
customers accounted for 56 percent in 2019.

Investments in 2019 in robotics and machinery au-
tomation solutions were challenged by weak con-
sumer demand for traditional automotive vehi-
cles, a subdued consumer electronics market, and
a tough machine builders market. Demand for
new EV manufacturing lines and in service areas
such as intra-logistics was not able to offset the
headwinds from the aforementioned markets.
Process industries, including pulp and paper, oil
and gas and mining invested more in 2019 than in
the prior year, investing predominantly in service
and productivity improvements.

Transport & Infrastructure Market

Our expertise provides efficient, reliable and sus-
tainable solutions for transport & infrastructure
customers. We believe our offerings are key to
customers that are focused on energy efficiency
and reduced operating costs. Other major growth
drivers for this customer segment are urbaniza-
tion, the move to electrify transportation, and
growth in data centers and smart buildings. Asa
proportion of revenues, transport & infrastructure
customers accounted for 29 percent in 2019.

Businesses

Electrification Business

Overview

The Electrification Business provides products,
services and connected solutions throughout the
electrical value chain from the substation to the
point of consumption across the world. The inno-
vations from this business enable safer and more
reliable electricity flow, with a full range of low-
and medium-voltage products and solutions for
intelligent protection and connection as well as
pre-engineered packaged services and solutions
tailored to customers’ needs. The portfolio in-
cludes modular substation packages, distribution
automation products, switchgear, circuit break-
ers, measuring and sensing devices, control prod-
ucts, solar power solutions, EV charging infra-
structure, wiring accessories, and enclosures and
cabling systems, including KNX systems (the rec-
ognized global standard for home and building
control) and data communication networks.

The Business delivers products to customers
through a global network of channel partners and
end-customers. Most of the Business’s revenue is

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Demand in transport & infrastructure markets
was solid in 2019. Demand for building automa-
tion solutions and from data center customers
was strong over the year, with ABB successful in
offering bundled solutions to hyperscale and
co-location customers in particular. Buildings de-
mand was robust. Activity in rail for electrifica-
tion and traction solutions grew well, while activ-
ity in specialty vessels, particularly cruise ships,
was healthy.

EV charging markets accelerated sharply during
2019. We received multiple orders from customers
for EV charging infrastructure, including for our
high-voltage direct-current (DC) fast-charging
station, the Terra HP. As of December 31, 2019, we
have more than 11,000 installed fast-chargers in
76 countries.

Since April 1, 2019, we reorganized the composi-
tions of our businesses and commenced serving
our customers through four Businesses. Develop-
ments in these Businesses are discussed in more
detail below. Revenue figures presented in this
Business section are before intersegment
eliminations.

derived from sales through distributors, original
equipment manufacturers (OEMs), engineering,
procurement, construction (EPC) contracting
companies, system integrators, utilities and panel
builders, with some direct sales to end-users (util-
ities, customers in industries, transport & infra-
structure segments) and to other ABB businesses.

The Electrification Business had approximately
53,000 employees on December 31, 2019, and
generated $12.7 billion of revenues in 2019.

Customers

The Electrification Business serves a wide range
of customers, including buildings, data centers,
rail, wind and solar, distribution utilities, food and
beverage, marine, oil and gas, and e-mobility.

Products and Services

The Smart Power business offers low-voltage sys-
tem orientated products that protect, control and
connect people, plants and systems. ABB offers
solutions to restore power rapidly in case of a
fault and helps provide optimum protection for
people and electrical installations. The product


--- Page 4 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

offering includes molded-case and air-circuit
breakers, safety switches used for power distri-
bution in factories and buildings, switchgear sys-
tems for short circuit and overload protection as
well as cabling and connection components. It
also offers power protection solutions such as un-
interruptible power supply (UPS) solutions, status
transfer switches and power distribution units. In
addition, the business offers a range of contac-
tors, proximity sensors, safety products for in-
dustrial protection, limit switches, along with
electronic relays and overload relays.

The Smart Buildings business provides
low-voltage smart home and intelligent building
control systems, including voice activated KNX
systems to optimize efficiency, safety and com-
fort through the automated management of light-
ing, shutters and security. In addition, the busi-
ness supplies conventional wiring accessories,
industrial plugs and sockets, DIN-rail products,
and enclosures ideal for single family homes, mul-
tiple dwellings, commercial buildings, infrastruc-
ture and industrial applications, including electric
vehicle charging infrastructure from AC wall boxes
through to DC fast charging stations and
on-demand electric bus charging systems.

The Installation Products business offers prod-
ucts for low-voltage wire and cable management,
making the task of fastening, protecting, insulat-
ing and connecting wires easier and quicker for
industrial applications, construction, communica-
tions, utility and OEM professionals, as well as
do-it-yourself specialists. The business offers
emergency lighting and lighting for explosive en-
vironments, as well as lightning protection and
earth grounding apparatus.

The Distribution Solutions business helps utility,
industry and transport & infrastructure custom-
ers to improve power quality and control, reduce
outage time and enhance operational reliability
and efficiency. The business offers products and
services that largely serve the power distribution
sector, often providing the requisite
medium-voltage link between high-voltage trans-
mission systems and low-voltage users. Its com-
prehensive offering includes medium-voltage
equipment (1 to 66 kilovolts), indoor and outdoor
circuit breakers, reclosers, fuses, contactors, re-
lays, instrument transformers, sensors, motor
control centers, ring main units for primary and
secondary distribution, as well as a range of air-
and gas-insulated switchgear. It also produces in-
door and outdoor modular systems and other
solutions to facilitate efficient and reliable power
distribution, adding value through design, engi-
neering, project management and service. The
service offering spans the entire value chain, from
the moment a customer makes the first inquiry to

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 89

disposal and recycling of the product. Throughout
the value chain, ABB provides training, technical
support and customized contracts. All of this is
supported by an extensive global sales and ser-
vice network.

The Solar business offers an extensive range of
solar inverters for residential, commercial and
utility applications designed to optimize the per-
formance, reliability and return on investment of
any solar installation. It also offers solar packages
with integrated energy storage solutions,
utility-scale turnkey solutions and microgrid solu-
tions. During 2019, we reached an agreement to
sell our solar inverters business to FIMER S.p.A.
and the completion of the sale is expected to be
in the first quarter of 2020. The Electrification
Business remains fully committed to supporting
the renewables industry with its leading energy
protection, control and integration products and
solutions.

The Industrial Solutions business includes the ac-
quired GEIS business and offers product solu-
tions, such as switchboards, panelboards, UPS
and arc prevention technologies and engineered
solutions, such as modular, cost-saving
medium-voltage switchgear, motor control cen-
ters, vacuum circuit breakers, arc-resistant
switchgear for industrial applications and indus-
try leading telecom DC power.

Sales and Marketing

Sales are primarily made through indirect sales
channels such as distributors to end-customers
including installers and system integrators. Direct
customers range from electrical installers to large
utilities, industrial end-users, customers in the
transport & infrastructure sector, as well as other
ABB businesses. The proportion of direct sales
compared to channel partner sales varies among
the different industries, product technologies
and geographic markets. The business is focused
on creating demand to support its channel sales,
with a range of promotional activities and sup-
port services including configuration and digital
solutions.

Competition

The Electrification Business’s principal competi-
tors vary by product group and include Eaton,
Legrand, Schneider Electric, Siemens, Hubbell,
Rittal and Chint.

Capital Expenditures

The Electrification Business’s capital expendi-
tures for property, plant and equipment totaled
$279 million in 2019, compared to $244 million
and $218 million in 2018 and 2017, respectively. In-
vestments in 2019 were primarily related to foot-
print changes, equipment replacement and


--- Page 5 ---

90 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

upgrades. Geographically, in 2019, Europe repre-
sented 49 percent of the capital expenditures, fol-
lowed by the Americas (36 percent) and Asia, Mid-
dle East and Africa (15 percent).

Industrial Automation Business

Overview

The Industrial Automation Business offers cus-
tomers in process and hybrid industries a broad
range of industry-specific integrated automation,
electrification and digital solutions that are de-
signed to optimize the productivity, energy effi-
ciency and safety of their industrial processes and
operations, based on deep domain knowledge
and expertise of each end market. The solutions
include turnkey engineering, control technologies,
software and lifecycle services, measurement and
analytics products, marine and turbocharging of-
ferings, Human Machine Interfaces (HMI) and in-
tegrated safety technology. The systems can link
various process and information flows allowing
customers to manage and control their entire
manufacturing and business process based on
real-time facility or plant information. Addition-
ally, the systems and solutions enable customers
to increase production efficiency, optimize their
assets and reduce environmental impact.

The Industrial Automation Business’s offerings
are available as separately sold products or as
part of a total automation, electrification and/or
instrumentation solution. For overall solutions, In-
dustrial Automation integrates products and
solutions from the Electrification, Motion, and Ro-
botics & Discrete Automation Businesses as well
as our Power Grids business. The Business’s offer-
ing is sold primarily through its direct sales force
as well as third-party channels.

The Business had approximately 22,300 employ-
ees as of December 31, 2019, and generated reve-
nues of $6.3 billion in 2019.

Customers

The Industrial Automation Business’s end custom-
ers include companies in the oil and gas, minerals
and mining, metals, pulp and paper, chemicals,
plastics, pharmaceuticals, food and beverage,
power generation and maritime industries. These
customers are looking for automation, electrifica-
tion, instrumentation and digitalization offerings
that deliver value mainly through lower capital
costs, increased plant availability, lower life-cycle
costs and lower project risks.

Products and Services

Oil, gas and chemicals solutions cover the entire
hydrocarbon value chain, from exploration and
production to supply, transport and distribution,

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

as well as refining, chemicals and petrochemicals.
ABB specializes in mastering the control loop and
transforming client operations through action-
able insights that optimize performance in real
time. From the well head to the refinery,

ABB Ability™ solutions aim to connect people
with data to optimize performance, improve reli-
ability, enhance efficiency and minimize environ-
mental impact from project start-up throughout
the entire plant life cycle.

Other process industry markets served include
mining, minerals processing, metals, pharmaceu-
ticals and pulp and paper as well as their associ-
ated service industries. The Business’s added
value is deep industry expertise coupled with the
ability to integrate both automation and electri-
cal, resulting in faster start-up times, increased
facility productivity and reduced overall capital
and operating costs for customers. For mining,
metals and cement industries, solutions include
specialized products and services, as well as total
production systems. The Business designs, plans,
engineers, supplies, erects and commissions inte-
grated electric equipment, drives, motors, high
power rectifiers and equipment for automation
and supervisory control within a variety of areas
including mineral handling, mining operations,
aluminum smelting, hot and cold steel applica-
tions and cement production. In the pharmaceuti-
cals and fine chemicals areas, the Business offers
applications to support manufacturing, packag-
ing, quality control and compliance with regula-
tory agencies. The offering for the pulp and paper
industries includes control systems, quality con-
trol systems, drive systems, on-line sensors, actu-
ators and field instruments.

The Business serves the power generation market
with leading automation solutions for all types of
power generation. With an offering that includes
instrumentation, excitation and control systems,
our technologies are designed to help optimize
performance, improve reliability, enhance effi-
ciency and minimize environmental impact
throughout the plant life cycle. The Business also
serves the water industry, including applications
such as pumping stations and desalination plants.

The Business serves the marine and ports indus-
try through its leading solutions for specialty ves-
sels, as well as container and bulk cargo handling.
For the shipping industry, the Business offers an
extensive portfolio of integrated marine systems
and solutions that improve the flexibility, reliabil-
ity and energy efficiency of vessels. By coupling
power, automation and marine software, proven
fuel-efficient technologies and services that en-
sure maximum vessel uptime, ABB is well posi-
tioned to help improve the profitability of a cus-
tomer’s business throughout the entire life cycle


--- Page 6 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

of a fleet. The Business designs, engineers, builds,
supplies and commissions automation and elec-
trical systems for marine power generation,
power distribution and electric propulsion, as well
as turbochargers to improve efficiency. With

ABB Ability™’s Collaborative Operations Centers
around the world and marine software solutions,
owners and operators can run their fleets at lower
fuel and maintenance cost, while improving crew,
passenger, and cargo safety and overall produc-
tivity of their operations. In addition, the Business
delivers automation and electrical systems for
container and bulk cargo handling, from ship to
gate. These systems and services help terminal
operators meet the challenge of larger ships,
taller cranes and bigger volumes per call, and
make terminal operations safer, greener and more
productive.

The Business serves the hybrid and discrete mar-
ket, focusing primarily on plastics, food and bev-
erage, packaging and data centers. The Business
combines state-of-the-art technology with ad-
vanced engineering to provide a wide range of
customers with complete solutions for machine
and factory automation, motion control, HMI and
integrated safety technology. ABB is one of the
largest providers focused on product- and
software-based, open-architecture solutions for
machine and factory automation worldwide.

The Business offers an extensive portfolio of
products and software from stand-alone basic
control to integrated collaborative systems for
complex or critical processes. Solutions such as
Distributed Control System (DCS) 800xA, pro-
vides a scalable extended automation system for
process and production control, safety, and pro-
duction monitoring. Freelance, another solution,
is a full-fledged, easy-to-use DCS for small to me-
dium size applications. The Programmable Logic
Controller (PLC) automation portfolio offers a
scalable range for small, middle and high-end ap-
plications. Components for basic automation
solutions, process and safety controllers, field in-
terfaces, panels, process recorders and HMI are
available through our Compact Product Suite of-
fering. The product portfolio is complemented by
services such as Automation Sentinel, a
subscription-based life-cycle management pro-
gram that provides services to maintain and con-
tinually advance and enhance ABB Ability™ control
systems (e.g. cyber security patches) and thus al-
lows it to manage a customer’s life-cycle costs.
The ABB Ability™ Advanced Services offering
portfolio provides individual software-based ser-
vices to continuously improve automation and
processes. The Business also offers Manufactur-
ing Execution Systems that enable agility and
transparency for production processes by

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 91

synchronizing and orchestrating a flow across in-
dividual automation islands.

The measurement and analytics business portfo-
lio is designed to measure product properties,
such as weight, thickness, color, brightness, mois-
ture content and additive content and includes a
full line of instrumentation and analytical prod-
ucts to analyze, measure and record industrial
and power processes. Actuators allow the cus-
tomer to make automatic adjustments during the
production process to improve the quality and
consistency of the product. Field instruments
measure properties of the process, such as flow
rate, chemical content and temperature.

The Business manufactures and maintains tur-
bochargers for diesel and gas engines having
power levels ranging from 500 kilowatts to over
80 megawatts. The Business provides engine
builders and application operators with advanced
turbocharging solutions for efficient and flexible
application operations and in compliance with
the most stringent environmental requirements.

Sales and Marketing

The Industrial Automation Business primarily
uses its direct sales force as well as third-party
channel partners, such as distributors, system in-
tegrators and OEMs. The majority of revenues are
derived through the Business’s own direct sales
channels.

Competition

The Industrial Automation Business’s principal

competitors vary by industry or product group.
Competitors include: Emerson, Honeywell, Val-
met, Rockwell Automation, Beckhoff, Schneider
Electric, Siemens, Voith, and Yokogawa Electric
Corporation.

Capital Expenditures

The Industrial Automation Business’s capital ex-
penditures for property, plant and equipment to-
taled $64 million in 2019, compared to $58 million
and $54 million in 2018 and 2017, respectively.
Principal investments in 2019 were in Turbocharg-
ing and the Measurement and Analytics business
lines. Geographically, in 2019, Europe represented
70 percent of the capital expenditures, followed
by the Americas (19 percent) and Asia, Middle
East and Africa (11 percent).

Motion Business

Overview

The Motion Business provides pioneering technol-
ogy, products, solutions and related services to
industrial customers to increase energy effi-
ciency, improve safety and reliability, and


--- Page 7 ---

92 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

maintain precise control over processes. The port-
folio includes motors, generators and drives fora
wide range of applications in all industrial
sectors.

The Motion Business had approximately 20,400
employees as of December 31, 2019, and gener-
ated around $6.5 billion of revenue in 2019.

Products and Services

The Motors and Generators business line supplies
a comprehensive range of electrical motors, gen-
erators, and mechanical power transmission
products. The range of electrical motors includes
high efficiency motors that conform to leading
environmental and Minimum Energy Performance
Standards (MEPS). Efficiency is an important se-
lection criterion for customers, because electric
motors account for nearly two-thirds of the elec-
tricity consumed by industrial plants. The busi-
ness line manufactures synchronous motors for
the most demanding applications and a full range
of low- and high-voltage induction motors, for
both IEC (International Electrotechnical Commis-
sion) and NEMA (National Electrical Manufactur-
ers Association) standards. The business line of-
fers digitalized asset management solutions that
monitor motor performance and provide vital in-
telligence on key operating parameters. These
products and solutions are designed to help cus-
tomers improve uptime, extend motor lifetimes,
and increase productivity while becoming or re-
maining digitally connected.

The Drives business line provides low-voltage and
medium-voltage drives and systems for indus-
trial, commercial and residential applications.
Drives provide speed, torque and motion control
for equipment such as fans, pumps, compressors,
conveyors, centrifuges, mixers, hoists, cranes, ex-
truders, and printing and textile machines. They
are used in industries such as building automa-
tion, marine, power, transportation, food and bev-
erage, metals, mining, and oil and gas. The busi-
ness line also supplies traction converters
(propulsion converters and auxiliary converters)
for the transportation industry and wind
converters.

The Motion Business offers services that comple-
ment its products and solutions, including design
and project management, engineering, installa-
tion, training and life cycle care, energy efficiency
appraisals, preventive maintenance and digital
services such as remote monitoring and software
tools.

Customers

The Motion Business serves a wide range of cus-
tomers, including OEMs, process industries such
as pulp and paper, oil and gas, and metals and

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

mining companies, hybrid and batch manufactur-
ers such as food and beverage companies, trans-
portation equipment manufacturers, discrete
manufacturing companies, logistics, utilities as
well as customers in the automotive industry.

Sales and Marketing

Sales are made both through direct sales forces
and through channel partners, such as distribu-
tors and wholesalers, as well as installers, ma-
chine builders and OEMs, and system integrators.
The proportion of direct sales compared to chan-
nel partner sales varies among the different in-
dustries, product technologies and geographic
markets.

Competition

The principal competitors of the Motion Busi-
ness include Siemens, Toshiba, WEG Industries,
SEW-EURODRIVE and Danfoss.

Capital Expenditures

Capital expenditures in the Motion Business for
property, plant and equipment totaled $110 mil-
lion in 2019, compared to $93 million and $89 mil-
lion in 2018 and 2017, respectively. Principal in-
vestments in 2019 were primarily related to
equipment replacement, footprint adjustments
and automation upgrades. Geographically, in
2019, Europe represented 44 percent of the capi-
tal expenditures, followed by the Americas

(36 percent) and Asia, Middle East and Africa

(20 percent).

Robotics & Discrete Automation
Business

Overview

The Robotics & Discrete Automation Business
provides robotics, and machine and factory auto-
mation from single products to complete systems
including services.

Revenues are generated both from direct sales to
end users as well as from indirect sales mainly
through system integrators and machine builders.

The Robotics & Discrete Automation Business had
approximately 10,100 employees as of Decem-
ber 31, 2019, and generated $3.3 billion of reve-
nues in 2019.

Products and Services

The Robotics business offers a wide range of
products, solutions and services such as indus-
trial robots, software, application solutions, engi-
neered solutions and related services. This offer-
ing provides flexibility and productivity for
operations to meet the challenge of making


--- Page 8 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

smaller lots of a larger number of specific prod-
ucts in shorter cycles for today’s dynamic global
markets, while also improving quality, productiv-
ity and reliability. Robots are also used in activi-
ties or environments which may be hazardous to
employee health and safety, such as repetitive or
strenuous lifting, dusty, hot or cold rooms, or
painting booths. In the automotive industry, ro-
bot products and systems are used in areas such
as press shop, body shop, paint shop, power train
assembly, trim and final assembly. Robotics solu-
tions are used in a wide range of segments from
metal fabrication, foundry, plastics, food and bev-
erage, chemicals and pharmaceuticals, electron-
ics and warehouse/logistics center automation.
Typical robotic applications in general industry in-
clude welding, material handling, machine tend-
ing, painting, picking, packing, palletizing and
small parts assembly automation.

The Machine and Factory Automation business of-
fers automation products and solutions such as
programmable logical controllers, industrial PCs,
servo motion control systems and track systems.
The range of solutions are mainly used by machine
builders for various types of series machines, e.g.
for plastics, metals, printing and packaging.

Customers

Robotics & Discrete Automation serves a wide
range of customers. The main customers are ac-
tive in industries such as automotive, machine
building, metalworking, electronics, food and
beverage and logistics. They include end-users
such as manufacturers, system integrators and
machine builders.

Sales and Marketing

Sales are made both through direct sales forces
as well as through third-party channel partners,
such as system integrators and machine builders.
The proportion of direct sales compared to chan-
nel partner sales varies among the different in-
dustries, product technologies and geographic
markets.

Competition

The principal competitors of the Robotics & Dis-
crete Automation Business vary by offering and
include companies such as Fanuc, Kuka, Yaskawa,
Kawasaki, Durr, Staubli, Universal Robots, Rock-
well Automation and Siemens.

Capital Expenditures

The Robotics & Discrete Automation Business’s
capital expenditures for property, plant and
equipment totaled $59 million in 2019, compared
to $74 million and $43 million in 2018 and 2017, re-
spectively. Principal investments in 2019 were pri-
marily related to production capacity, upgrades
and equipment replacement. Geographically, in

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 93

2019, Europe represented 78 percent of the capi-
tal expenditures, followed by Asia, Middle East
and Africa (17 percent) and the Americas

(5 percent).

Corporate and Other

Corporate and Other includes headquarters, cen-
tral research and development, real estate activi-
ties, Corporate Treasury Operations, Global Busi-
ness Services (GBS) and other minor business
activities. The remaining activities of certain EPC
projects which we are completing and are ina
wind-down phase are also reported in Corporate
and Other. In addition, we have classified the his-
torical business activities of significant divested
businesses in Corporate and Other. These include
the high-voltage cables business, the EPC busi-
ness for turnkey electrical AC substations and cer-
tain EPC contracts relating to the oil and gas
industry.

Corporate headquarters and stewardship activi-
ties include the operations of our corporate head-
quarters in Zurich, Switzerland, as well as
corporate-related activities in various countries.
These activities cover staff functions with
group-wide responsibilities, such as accounting
and financial reporting, corporate finance and
taxes, planning and controlling, internal audit, le-
gal and integrity, compliance, risk management
and insurance, corporate communications, infor-
mation systems, investor relations and human
resources.

Corporate research and development primarily
covers our research activities, as our development
activities are organized under our Businesses. We
have two global research laboratories, one fo-
cused on power technologies and the other fo-
cused on automation technologies, which both
work on technologies relevant to the future of our
business. Each laboratory works on new and
emerging technologies and collaborates with uni-
versities and other external partners to support
our Businesses in advancing relevant technolo-
gies and in developing cross-business technology
platforms. We have corporate research centers in
seven countries (China, India, Germany, Poland,
Sweden, Switzerland and the U.S.).

GBS operates shared service centers globally
through a network of five hubs and consists of
both expert and transactional services in the ar-
eas of human resources, finance, information ser-
vices, legal, real estate, procurement and logis-
tics, customer contact centers, global travel
services and other ancillary activities. GBS also
staffs and maintains front offices in most
countries.


--- Page 9 ---

94 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

A significant portion of the costs for GBS and
other shared corporate overhead costs are allo-
cated to the operating businesses. Overhead and
other management costs, including GBS costs,
which would have been allocated to our Power
Grids business, and which are not directly attrib-
utable to this business, are not allocated to the

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

discontinued operation and are included in Cor-
porate and Other and are considered “stranded
costs”.

Corporate and Other had approximately
4,200 employees at December 31, 2019.

Discontinued operations

In December 2018, the Company announced an
agreement to divest 80.1 percent of its Power
Grids business to Hitachi valuing the business at
$11 billion. As a result, the Power Grids business is
reported as discontinued operations in the Con-
solidated Financial Statements for all years pre-
sented. See “Note 3 - Basis of presentation and
assets held for sale” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Power Grids business

The Power Grids business is a global leader and
aspires to be the partner of choice for enabling

a stronger, smarter and greener grid. The Power
Grids business provides product, systems, soft-
ware and service solutions across the power value
chain that are designed to help meet growing de-
mand for electricity with minimum environmental
impact. These solutions support utility, industry
and transport & infrastructure customers to plan,
build, operate and maintain their power infra-
structure. They are designed to facilitate the safe,
reliable and efficient integration, transmission
and distribution of bulk and distributed energy
generated from conventional and renewable
sources.

The Power Grids business has a worldwide cus-
tomer base, with a balanced geographic spread
of revenues across the Americas, Europe, and
Asia, Middle East and Africa. The business also
has a globally diversified manufacturing, engi-
neering, and research and development footprint
to serve customers in the most efficient manner.
Direct sales account for the majority of total reve-
nues generated by the business while external
channel partners such as EPCs, wholesalers, dis-
tributors and OEMs account for the rest.

Products and Services

The Grid Automation operation is at the forefront
of digitalizing and automating the power grid. It
supplies substation automation products, sys-
tems and services. It also provides Supervisory
Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems for
transmission and distribution networks as well as

arange of wireless, fiber optic and powerline
carrier-based telecommunication technologies
for mission-critical applications. The operation
offers grid-edge and microgrid solutions that are
being increasingly deployed for remote and par-
tially grid-connected applications. Its comprehen-
sive enterprise software portfolio provides solu-
tions for managing and optimizing assets,
operations, logistics, financials and HR, reducing
operating costs and improving productivity for
customers.

The Grid Integration operation is among the
world’s leading providers of integration and
transmission solutions such as High Voltage Di-
rect Current (HVDC), a technology pioneered by
ABB and now playing a key role around the world
in integrating renewables and transmitting elec-
tricity efficiently and reliably over ever-increasing
distances with minimal losses. Another key part of
the portfolio is the Flexible Alternating Current
Transmission Systems (FACTS) business, which
comprises Static Var Compensation (SVC) and
static compensator (STATCOM) technologies

to address stability and power quality issues.

The Grid Integration operation’s portfolio also in-
cludes a range of high-power semiconductors, a
core technology for power electronics deployed in
HVDC, FACTS and rail applications. The Grid Inte-
gration operation is also among the world’s lead-
ing providers of transmission and distribution
substations and associated life-cycle services.
These substations are used in utility and
non-utility applications including rail, data cen-
ters and various industries. Battery energy stor-
age solutions and shore-to-ship power supply are
also part of the customer offering.

The High Voltage products operation is a

global leader in high voltage switchgear up to
1200 kV AC and 1100 kV DC with a portfolio
spanning air-insulated, gas-insulated and hybrid
technologies. It manufactures generator circuit
breakers, a key product for integrating large
power plants into the grid. The portfolio also
includes a broad range of capacitors and filters


--- Page 10 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

that facilitate power quality, instrument trans-
formers and other substation components.

The Transformers operation supplies transform-
ers that are an integral component found across
the power value chain, enabling the reliable, effi-
cient and safe conversion of voltages levels. The
product range includes dry- and
liquid-distribution transformers, traction trans-
formers for rail applications and special applica-
tion transformers plus related components, for
example, insulation kits, bushings and other
transformer accessories. The business is also
leading the way in digitalization of its transformer

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 95

portfolio, equipping them with sensor-based
technologies to facilitate asset optimization and
enable smarter grids.

The Power Grids business also has an extensive
portfolio of service offerings across the value
chain. This is a growing focus area, leveraging the
significant installed base. The portfolio includes
spare parts, condition monitoring and mainte-
nance services, on- and off-site repairs as well as
retrofits and upgrades. Advanced software-based
monitoring and advisory services further enhance
the portfolio and support the increasing digitali-
zation of grids.

Simplification of business model

and structure

In December 2018, as part of our ABB-OS pro-
gram, we announced our intention to simplify our
organizational structure through the discontinua-
tion of the legacy matrix, country and regional
structures, including regional Executive Commit-
tee roles. These changes were completed by Janu-
ary 1, 2020, and, effective January 1, 2020, the Ex-
ecutive Committee has been streamlined to
reflect this new structure.

In addition, effective April 1,2019, we changed the
composition and operating model of our operat-
ing Businesses. Our new organization provides
each Business with full operational ownership of

products, support functions, research and devel-
opment, and geographic territories. The Busi-
nesses are the single interface to customers, max-
imizing proximity and speed. Corporate activities
will focus on Group strategy, portfolio and perfor-
mance management, capital allocation, core tech-
nologies and the ABB Ability™ platform, providing
acommon framework across the group.

In line with the simplification, as of April 1, 2019,

we operate four customer-focused, entrepreneur-
ial Businesses: Electrification, Industrial Automa-
tion, Motion and Robotics & Discrete Automation.

Capital expenditures

Total capital expenditures for property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets (excluding intan-
gibles acquired through business combinations)
amounted to $762 million, $772 million and

$752 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
In 2019, 2018 and 2017, capital expenditures were
21 percent, 16 percent and 10 percent lower, re-
spectively, than depreciation and amortization.
Excluding acquisition-related amortization, capi-
tal expenditures were 9 percent, 20 percent and
24 percent higher, respectively, than depreciation
and amortization.

Capital expenditures in 2019 remained at a signifi-
cant level in mature markets, reflecting the geo-
graphic distribution of our existing production fa-
cilities. Capital expenditures in Europe and North
America in 2019 were driven primarily by up-
grades and maintenance of existing production
facilities, mainly in the U.S., Switzerland, Germany,
Italy, Finland, Sweden and Austria. Expenditures
in Austria included amounts for a state-of-the-art
innovation and training campus, which is planned
to become one of our largest research and devel-
opment centers. Capital expenditures in emerg-
ing markets were highest in China, India and Po-
land. Capital expenditures in emerging markets


--- Page 11 ---

96 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

were made primarily to increase production ca-
pacity by investing in new or expanded facilities.
We started construction of an advanced, auto-
mated and flexible robotics factory in China,
which is designed to combine our connected digi-
tal technologies, state-of-the-art collaborative ro-
botics and innovative artificial intelligence re-
search. The share of emerging markets capital
expenditures as a percentage of total capital ex-
penditures in 2019, 2018 and 2017 was 27 percent,
31 percent and 28 percent, respectively.

At December 31, 2019, construction in progress
for property, plant and equipment was $500 mil-
lion, mainly in the U.S., Switzerland, Finland,

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Germany, Austria and Sweden. At December 31,
2018, construction in progress for property, plant
and equipment was $464 million, mainly in the
U.S., China, Sweden, Finland and Germany while at
December 31, 2017, construction in progress for
property, plant and equipment was $511 million,
mainly in China, the U.S., Switzerland, Sweden and
Germany.

Our capital expenditures relate primarily to prop-
erty, plant and equipment. For 2020, we estimate
the expenditures for property, plant and equip-
ment will be lower than our annual depreciation
and amortization charge, excluding
acquisition-related amortization.

Supplies and raw materials

We purchase a variety of supplies and products
which contain raw materials for use in our produc-
tion and project execution processes. The primary
materials used in our products, by weight, are
copper, aluminum, steel, mineral oil and various
plastics. We also purchase a wide variety of fabri-
cated products, electronic components and sys-
tems. We operate a worldwide supply chain man-
agement network with employees dedicated to
this function in our Businesses and key countries.
Our supply chain management network consists
of a number of teams, each focusing on different
product categories. These category teams take
advantage of opportunities to leverage the scale
of ABB ona global, business and/or business line
level, as appropriate, to optimize the efficiency of
our supply networks in a sustainable manner.

Our supply chain management organization’s ac-
tivities and objectives include:

pool and leverage procurement of materials and
services,

provide transparency of ABB’s global spending
through a comprehensive performance and
reporting system linked to our enterprise
resource planning (ERP) systems,

strengthen ABB's supply chain network by
implementing an effective product category
management structure and extensive
competency-based training, and

monitor and develop our supply base to ensure
sustainability, both in terms of materials and
processes used.

We buy many categories of products which con-
tain steel, copper, aluminum, crude oil and other
commodities. Continuing global economic growth

in many emerging economies, coupled with the
volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, has
led to significant fluctuations in these raw mate-
rial costs over the last few years. While we expect
global commodity prices to remain highly volatile,
we expect to offset some market volatility
through the use of long-term contracts and global
sourcing.

We seek to mitigate the majority of our exposure
to commodity price risk by entering into hedges.
For example, we manage copper, silver and alumi-
num price risk using principally swap contracts
based on prices for these commodities quoted on
leading exchanges. ABB’s hedging policy is de-
signed to safeguard margins by minimizing price
volatility and providing a stable cost base during
order execution. In addition to using hedging to
reduce our exposure to fluctuations in raw materi-
als prices, in some cases we can reduce this risk
by incorporating changes in raw materials prices
into the prices of our end products (through price
escalation clauses).

Overall, during 2019 supply chain management
personnel in our businesses, and in the countries
in which we operate, along with the category
teams, continued to focus on value chain optimi-
zation efforts in all areas, while maintaining and
improving quality and delivery performance.

In August 2012, the SEC issued its final rules re-
garding “Conflict Minerals”, as required by section
1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act. We initiated conflict
minerals processes in 2013 and have continuously
aimed at improving and tailoring the processes to
our value chain. We continue to work with our


--- Page 12 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

suppliers and customers, to enable us to comply
with the rules and disclosure obligations. Further
information on ABB’s Conflict Minerals policy and

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 97

supplier requirements can be found under “Mate-

rial Compliance” at new.abb.com/about/
supplying.

Patents and trademarks

While we are not materially dependent on any one
of our intellectual properties, asa
technology-driven company, we believe that intel-
lectual property rights are crucial to protect the
assets of our business. Over the past ten years, we
have continued to substantially add new applica-
tions to our existing first patent filings, and we in-
tend to continue our aggressive approach to seek-
ing patent protection. As of December 31, 2019,
we have approximately 33,500 patent applications
and registrations, of which approximately 8,500
are pending applications. These patents include
more than 3,800 utility model and design applica-
tions and registrations, of which approximately

400 are pending applications. In 2019, we filed
more than 1,400 patent, utility model and design
applications for more than 1,500 new inventions.
Based on our existing intellectual property strat-
egy, we believe that we have adequate control over
our core technologies. The “ABB” trademarks and
logo are protected in all of the countries in which
we operate. We aggressively defend our intellec-
tual property rights to safeguard the reputation
associated with the ABB technology and brand.
While these intellectual property rights are funda-
mental to all of our businesses, there is no depen-
dency of the business on any single patent, utility
model or design application.

Management overview

The combined impact of the Energy and Fourth In-
dustrial Revolution is profoundly influencing how
we power the world, produce goods, work, live in
cities and move in a sustainable way.

On December 17, 2018, we announced an agreed
sale of our Power Grids business, expanding our
existing partnership with Hitachi Ltd (Hitachi). We
also announced our new strategy, with ABB pro-
posing fundamental actions to focus, simplify and
lead the digital transformation of industries, for
enhanced customer value and shareholder re-
turns. To deliver on our ambitions, we are intro-
ducing a new operating model, ABB Operating
System (ABB-OS). ABB-OS provides a common
framework across the Group, governing manage-
ment processes, such as market validation, bud-
geting and portfolio management, in order to fa-
cilitate clear decision making and a balanced
approach to value creation. Our new, simplified,
operating model also positions the Businesses to
be the single interface to customers, maximizing
proximity and speed. Each Business is intended to
have full entrepreneurial ownership of operations,
functions, research and development, and territo-
ries. Significant amounts of company resources
and management effort were dedicated to both
of these areas in 2019.

We plan to demonstrate improved commercial
quality of business and enhance exposure to
faster growing markets with a greater emphasis
on high value-add solutions, lower risk, less
large-order volatility and more recurring revenue
streams through digital solutions, software and
services.

Our investment proposition is reflected ina new
medium-term target framework for the Group:

3 to 6 percent annual comparable revenue
growth, based on current economic outlook,
Operational EBITA margin of 13 to 16 percent,
Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) of 15 to

20 percent,

Cash conversion to net income of approximately
100 percent, and

Basic EPS growth above revenue growth.

In 2019, we successfully began implementing our
new strategy.

Power Grids separation

Significant work was undertaken during 2019 to
separate the Power Grids business from ABB. By


--- Page 13 ---

98 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

December 31, 2019, the new Power Grids legal
structure was substantially complete, allowing
the business to commence operations within a
stand-alone consolidated business. In addition,
the transfer of resources from ABB to the Power
Grids business progressed significantly. Overall,
the separation of the Power Grids business is pro-
ceeding as planned and the divestment is on
schedule with closing expected at the end of the
second quarter of 2020.

New operating model, ABB-OS

Since April 1, 2019, we have been operating
through four customer-focused Businesses:
Electrification, Industrial Automation, Motion,
and Robotics & Discrete Automation. In par-
ticular, ABB has integrated group sales and
the vast majority of other centrally managed
functional activities into the Businesses, trans-
ferred country resources to the Businesses
and worked to streamline the corporate cen-
ter. At the end of 2019, regional structures
were dismantled and the new operating model
was fully effective as of January 1, 2020.

We reached the run-rate savings targeted for 2019
and continue to target annualized net savings of
approximately $500 million in the medium term
from our new operating model. ABB continuing
operations headcount was 113,900 at the begin-
ning of the year and 110,000 at the end of 2019,
partly also reflecting stranded cost elimination.
Continuous improvement plans are now in place
within each Business and fully integrated into the
annual planning process to support delivery of
this objective.

Business progress

During 2019, the Group performed with resilience
in the context of a tougher market environment,
slightly improving revenues and gross margin
while undertaking an extensive transformation.

Orders and revenues were higher in the Electrifi-
cation and Motion Businesses while they de-
creased in the Industrial Automation and Robot-
ics & Discrete Automation Businesses. These
developments reflect some easing in global eco-
nomic growth in 2019, while more substantial
headwinds in discrete markets, particularly auto-
motive and machine builders, resulted in larger
declines in orders and revenues in the Robotics &
Discrete Automation Business. During 2019, the
order backlog increased 2 percent.

The performance of our Businesses was mixed
during 2019 with increases in segment profit (Op-
erational EBITA) in both the Electrification and
Motion Businesses and decreases in the other two

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Businesses. Group profitability was supported by
solid execution in the Motion Business, lower
losses in non-core businesses and reductions in
costs in Corporate, including $72 million of
stranded corporate costs, and some realized sav-
ings from the ABB-OS simplification program.
Group profitability was hampered by some spe-
cific headwinds in other businesses. In the Electri-
fication Business, this included dilutive impact of
including a full year of the GEIS business, which
was acquired in June 2018 as well as a large loss
recorded in connection with the planned divest-
ment of the solar inverters business. In the Indus-
trial Automation Business, the segment profit
was impacted specifically by operational chal-
lenges in the Kusile power generation project in
South Africa as well as adverse mix. The segment
profit of the Robotics & Discrete Automation
Business was impacted by lower volumes and ad-
verse mix stemming from the downturn in its key
end-markets.

Within the Electrification Business, the integra-
tion of GEIS progressed well. ABB aims to deliver
approximately $200 million of annual cost syner-
gies by 2022, of which approximately 80 percent
is anticipated to come from product and technol-
ogy portfolio harmonization and footprint optimi-
zation. To support this transformation, we plan to
expend approximately $480 million for the GEIS
business through 2022. By the end of 2019, the
13,000 employees from GEIS had been transi-
tioned into ABB, while product substitutions were
proceeding ahead of plan with 100 new products
planned for commercial launch in 2020. In North
America, 13 facilities have been designated for
closure while 4 facilities have been identified for
expansion.

Agreements for a number of divestments and ac-
quisitions were secured in 2019 to strengthen our
portfolio. Of note, the Electrification Business an-
nounced in July 2019 an agreement to divest the
solar inverters business to FIMER S.p.A (Italy). The
transaction will enable the Electrification Busi-
ness to focus its business portfolio on other
growth markets. In December 2019, the Electrifi-
cation Business completed the divestment of two
Shanghai-based joint ventures, acquired in 2018
as part of the GEIS transaction, reducing the com-
plexity of the Electrification Business in China. In
October 2019, we also announced the planned ac-
quisition of a majority stake in Shanghai Charge-
dot New Energy Technology Co., Ltd, a leading
Chinese e-mobility solution provider. The acquisi-
tion will extend our relationships with leading
Chinese EV manufacturers and broaden our
e-mobility portfolio with hardware and software
developed specifically for local requirements.


--- Page 14 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

We also continued to make organic growth invest-
ments in a disciplined manner, prioritizing re-
search and development and sales expenditure
while reducing administrative costs. Total
non-order related research and development was
$1.2 billion in 2019, or approximately 4 percent of
revenues. Organic investment highlights from
2019 include the opening of the Robotics busi-
ness’s first dedicated healthcare research center
at the Texas Medical Center in Houston, United
States. This laboratory will focus on developing
non-surgical medical robotics systems. The Mo-
tion Business unveiled a semi-autonomous pro-
duction plant in Baden, Switzerland, that makes
energy storage systems for railways, e-buses/
trolleybuses and e-trucks, incorporating latest
battery technologies that allow diesel engines to
be efficiently converted to hybrid.

ABB continued to expand its digital ecosystem,
announcing several important partnerships over
the year, including entering a global software
partnership with Dassault Systémes, a
world-leading provider of 3D and digital twin
software, and the establishment of a global alli-
ance with Ericsson, the Swedish networking and
telecommunications company, focused on explor-
ing future 5G technologies. We also partnered
with Huawei, the Chinese information and com-
munication technology provider, for the industrial
cloud in China. Partnerships help ensure

ABB Ability™ solutions consistently utilize latest
high-tech developments, maximizing the value
proposition of digital solutions for our
customers.

Capital allocation

The Board of Directors is proposing a dividend of
0.80 Swiss francs per share at the 2020 Annual
General Meeting.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 99

Our sustained capital allocation priorities are
unchanged:

+ funding organic growth, research and
development, and capital expenditures at
attractive returns,

+ paying arising, sustainable dividend,

+ investing in value-creating acquisitions, and

+ returning additional cash to shareholders.

Following the expected completion of the sale of
80.1 percent of our Power Grids business to Hita-
chi at the end of the second quarter of 2020, valu-
ing the business at $11 billion, we intend to com-
mence a share buyback program returning to
shareholders approximately $7.6-7.8 billion of
proceeds from the divestment. We intend to main-
tain the level of dividend per share after the di-
vestment and aim to maintain our “single A” credit
rating long term.

Short-term outlook

Macroeconomic indicators suggest weaker
growth in Europe and the U.S., while China’s stabi-
lizing trend might be impacted by the novel coro-
navirus outbreak. The global economy remains af-
fected by geopolitical uncertainties.

The end-markets we operate in are showing resil-
ience, with headwinds in some markets, particu-
larly the automotive, machine builders, and con-
ventional power generation sectors. Foreign
exchange translation effects are expected to con-
tinue to influence our results.

Application of critical accounting

policies

General

We prepare our Consolidated Financial State-
ments in accordance with U.S. GAAP and present
these in U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated.

The preparation of our financial statements re-
quires us to make assumptions and estimates

that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabili-
ties, revenues and expenses and the related dis-
closure of contingent assets and liabilities. We
evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, in-
cluding, but not limited to, those related to: fair
value of assets and liabilities assumed in business
combinations; determination of corporate costs
directly attributable to discontinued operations;


--- Page 15 ---

100 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

loss contingencies associated with litigation or
threatened litigation and other claims and inqui-
ries, environmental damages, product warranties,
self-insurance reserves, regulatory and other pro-
ceedings; calculation of pension and postretire-
ment benefits and the fair value of pension plan
assets; valuation allowances for deferred tax as-
sets and amounts recorded for uncertain tax posi-
tions; assumptions used to determine impairment
of long-lived assets and in testing goodwill for
impairment; inventory obsolescence and net real-
izable value; the allowance for doubtful accounts;
and the percentage-of-completion of projects as
well as the amount of variable consideration the
Company expects to be entitled to. Where appro-
priate, we base our estimates on historical experi-
ence and on various other assumptions that we
believe to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
other sources. Actual results may differ from our
estimates and assumptions.

We deem an accounting policy to be critical if it
requires an accounting estimate to be made
based on assumptions about matters that are
highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made
and if different estimates that reasonably could
have been used, or if changes in the accounting
estimates that are reasonably likely to occur peri-
odically, could materially impact our Consolidated
Financial Statements. We also deem an account-
ing policy to be critical when the application of
such policy is essential to our ongoing operations.
We believe the following critical accounting poli-
cies require us to make difficult and subjective
judgments, often as a result of the need to make
estimates regarding matters that are inherently
uncertain. These policies should be considered
when reading our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Revenue recognition

Acustomer contract exists if collectability under
the contract is considered probable, the contract
has commercial substance, contains payment
terms, the rights and commitments of both par-
ties, and has been approved. By analyzing the
type, terms and conditions of each contract or ar-
rangement with a customer, we determine which
revenue recognition method applies.

We offer arrangements with multiple perfor-
mance obligations to meet our customers’ needs.
These arrangements may involve the delivery of
multiple products and/or performance of services
(such as installation, training and maintenance)
and the delivery and/or performance may occur at

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

different points in time or over different periods
of time. Goods and services under such arrange-
ments are evaluated to determine whether they
form distinct performance obligations and should
be accounted for as separate revenue transac-
tions. We allocate the sales price to each distinct
performance obligation based on the stand-alone
selling price of each product or service of the
arrangement.

We recognize revenues when control of goods or
services is transferred to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration we expect to be
entitled to in exchange for these goods or ser-
vices. Control is transferred when the customer
has the ability to direct the use and obtain the
benefits from the goods or services.

Control transfer for non-customized products is
not considered to have occurred, and therefore no
revenues are recognized, until the customer has
taken title to the products and assumed the risks
and rewards of ownership of the products speci-
fied in the purchase order or sales agreement.
Generally, the transfer of title and risks and re-
wards of ownership are governed by the contrac-
tually defined shipping terms. We use various In-
ternational Commercial shipping terms (as
promulgated by the International Chamber of
Commerce) in our sales of products to third party
customers, such as Ex Works (EXW), Free Carrier
(FCA) and Delivered Duty Paid (DDP).

We generally recognize revenues for the sale of
customized products, including integrated auto-
mation and electrification systems and solutions,
onan over time basis using the
percentage-of-completion method of accounting.
These systems are generally accounted for as a
single performance obligation as we are required
to integrate equipment and services into one de-
liverable for the customer. Revenues are recog-
nized as the systems are customized during the
manufacturing or integration process and as con-
trol is transferred to the customer as evidenced
by our right to payment for work performed or by
the customer’s ownership of the work in process.
We use the cost-to-cost method to measure prog-
ress towards completion on contracts. Under this
method, progress of contracts is measured by ac-
tual costs incurred in relation to management’s
best estimate of total estimated costs, which are
reviewed and updated routinely for contracts in
progress. The cumulative effect of any change in
estimate is recorded in the period in which the
change in estimate is determined.

The percentage-of-completion method of ac-
counting involves the use of assumptions and
projections, principally relating to future material,
labor, subcontractor and project-related overhead


--- Page 16 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

costs as well as estimates of the amount of vari-
able consideration to which we expect to be enti-
tled. As a consequence, there is a risk that total
contract costs or the amount of variable consider-
ation will either exceed or be lower than, respec-
tively, those we originally estimated (based on all
information reasonably available to us) and the
margin will decrease or the contract may become
unprofitable. This risk increases if the duration of
acontract increases because there is a higher
probability that the circumstances upon which we
originally developed our estimates will change, re-
sulting in increased costs that we may not re-
cover. Factors that could cause costs to increase
include:

unanticipated technical problems with
equipment supplied or developed by us which
may require us to incur additional costs to
remedy,

changes in the cost of components, materials or
labor,

difficulties in obtaining required governmental
permits or approvals,

project modifications creating unanticipated
costs,

suppliers’ or subcontractors’ failure to perform,
and

delays caused by unexpected conditions or
events.

Changes in our initial assumptions, which we re-
view on a regular basis between balance sheet
dates, may result in revisions to estimated costs,
current earnings and anticipated earnings. We
recognize these changes in the period in which
the changes in estimates are determined. By rec-
ognizing changes in estimates cumulatively, re-
corded revenue and costs to date reflect the cur-
rent estimates of the stage of completion of each
project. Additionally, losses on such contracts are
recognized in the period when they are identified
and are based upon the anticipated excess of con-
tract costs over the related contract revenues.

Revenues from service transactions are recog-
nized as services are performed. For long-term
service contracts, revenues are recognized ona
straight-line basis over the term of the contract
or, if the performance pattern is other than
straight-line, as the services are provided. Service
revenues reflect revenues earned from our activi-
ties in providing services to customers primarily
subsequent to the sale and delivery of a product
or complete system. Such revenues consist of
maintenance-type contracts, field service activi-
ties that include personnel and accompanying
spare parts, training and installation and commis-
sioning of products as a stand-alone service or as
part of a service contract.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 101

Revenues are reported net of customer rebates,
early settlement discounts, and similar incentives.
Rebates are estimated based on sales terms, his-
torical experience and trend analysis. The most
common incentives relate to amounts paid or
credited to customers for achieving defined vol-
ume levels.

Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that
are directly imposed on revenue-producing trans-
actions between us and our customers, such as
sales, use, value-added and some excise taxes,
are excluded from revenues.

As a result of the above policies, judgment in the
selection and application of revenue recognition
methods must be made.

Contingencies

As more fully described in “Item 8. Financial Infor-
mation - Legal Proceedings” and in “Note 15 —
Commitments and contingencies” to our Consoli-
dated Financial Statements, we are subject to
proceedings, litigation or threatened litigation
and other claims and inquiries related to environ-
mental, labor, product, regulatory, tax (other than
income tax) and other matters. We are required to
assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or
outcomes to these matters, as well as potential
ranges of probable losses. A determination of the
provision required, if any, for these contingencies
is made after analysis of each individual issue, of-
ten with assistance from both internal and exter-
nal legal counsel and technical experts. The re-
quired amount of a provision for a contingency of
any type may change in the future due to new de-
velopments in the particular matter, including
changes in the approach to its resolution.

We record provisions for our contingent obliga-
tions when it is probable that a loss will be in-
curred and the amount can be reasonably esti-
mated. Any such provision is generally recognized
on an undiscounted basis using our best estimate
of the amount of loss or at the lower end of an es-
timated range when a single best estimate is not
determinable. In some cases, we may be able to
recover a portion of the costs relating to these
obligations from insurers or other third parties;
however, we record such amounts only when it is
probable that they will be collected.

Pension and other
postretirement benefits

As more fully described in “Note 17 - Employee
benefits” to our Consolidated Financial


--- Page 17 ---

102 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

Statements, we have a number of defined benefit
pension and other postretirement plans and rec-
ognize an asset for a plan’s overfunded status or a
liability for a plan’s underfunded status in our
Consolidated Balance Sheets. We measure sucha
plan’s assets and obligations that determine its
funded status as of the end of the year.

Significant differences between assumptions and
actual experience, or significant changes in as-
sumptions, may materially affect the pension ob-
ligations. The effects of actual results differing
from assumptions and the changing of assump-
tions are included in net actuarial loss within “Ac-
cumulated other comprehensive loss”.

We recognize actuarial gains and losses gradually
over time. Any cumulative unrecognized actuarial
gain or loss that exceeds 10 percent of the greater
of the present value of the projected benefit obli-
gation (PBO) and the fair value of plan assets is
recognized in earnings over the expected average
remaining working lives of the employees partici-
pating in the plan, or the expected average re-
maining lifetime of the inactive plan participants
if the plan is comprised of all or almost all inactive
participants. Otherwise, the actuarial gain or loss
is not recognized in the Consolidated Income
Statements.

We use actuarial valuations to determine our pen-
sion and postretirement benefit costs and cred-
its. The amounts calculated depend on a variety
of key assumptions, including discount rates,
mortality rates and expected return on plan as-
sets. Under U.S. GAAP, we are required to consider
current market conditions in making these as-
sumptions. In particular, the discount rates are re-
viewed annually based on changes in long-term,
highly-rated corporate bond yields. Decreases in
the discount rates result in an increase in the PBO
and in pension costs. Conversely, an increase in
the discount rates results in a decrease in the PBO
and in pension costs. The mortality assumptions
are reviewed annually by management. Decreases
in mortality rates result in an increase in the PBO
and in pension costs. Conversely, an increase in
mortality rates results in a decrease in the PBO
and in pension costs.

Holding all other assumptions constant, a

0.25 percentage point decrease in the discount
rate would have increased the PBO related to our
defined benefit pension plans by $419 million while
a 0.25 percentage point increase in the discount
rate would have decreased the PBO related to our
defined benefit pension plans by $414 million.

The expected return on plan assets is reviewed
regularly and considered for adjustment annually
based upon the target asset allocations and

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

represents the long-term return expected to be
achieved. Decreases in the expected return on
plan assets result in an increase to pension costs.
Holding all other assumptions constant, an in-
crease or decrease of 0.25 percentage points in
the expected long-term rate of asset return would
have decreased or increased, respectively, the net
periodic benefit cost in 2019 by $24 million.

The funded status, which can increase or decrease
based on the performance of the financial mar-
kets or changes in our assumptions, does not rep-
resent a mandatory short-term cash obligation.
Instead, the funded status of a defined benefit
pension plan is the difference between the PBO
and the fair value of the plan assets. At Decem-
ber 31, 2019, our defined benefit pension plans (in
both continuing and discontinued operations)
were $1,751 million underfunded compared to an
underfunding of $1,677 million at December 31,
2018. Our other postretirement plans were under-
funded by $110 million and $120 million at Decem-
ber 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

We have multiple non-pension postretirement
benefit plans. Our health care plans are generally
contributory with participants’ contributions ad-
justed annually. For purposes of estimating our
health care costs, we have assumed health care
cost increases to be 6.3 percent per annum for
2020, gradually declining to 5.0 percent per an-
num by 2028 and to remain at that level
thereafter.

Income taxes

In preparing our Consolidated Financial State-
ments, we are required to estimate income taxes
in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate.
Tax expense from continuing operations is rec-
onciled from the weighted-average global tax

rate (rather than from the Swiss domestic stat-
utory tax rate). As the parent company of the

ABB Group, ABB Ltd, is domiciled in Switzerland,
income which has been generated in jurisdictions
outside of Switzerland (hereafter “foreign juris-
dictions”) and has already been subject to corpo-
rate income tax in those foreign jurisdictions is, to
a large extent, tax exempt in Switzerland. There-
fore, generally no or only limited Swiss income tax
has to be provided for on the repatriated earnings
of foreign subsidiaries. There is no requirement

in Switzerland for a parent company of a group to
file a tax return of the group determining domes-
tic and foreign pre-tax income and as our con-
solidated income from continuing operations is
predominantly earned outside of Switzerland, cor-
porate income tax in foreign jurisdictions largely
determines our global weighted-average tax rate.


--- Page 18 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

We account for deferred taxes by using the asset
and liability method. Under this method, we de-
termine deferred tax assets and liabilities based
on temporary differences between the financial
reporting and the tax bases of assets and liabili-
ties. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are mea-
sured using the enacted tax rates and laws that
are expected to be in effect when the differences
are expected to reverse. We recognize a deferred
tax asset when it is more likely than not that the
asset will be realized. We regularly review our de-
ferred tax assets for recoverability and establish a
valuation allowance based upon historical losses,
projected future taxable income and the expected
timing of the reversals of existing temporary dif-
ferences. To the extent we increase or decrease
this allowance in a period, we recognize the
change in the allowance within “Provision for
taxes” in the Consolidated Income Statements un-
less the change relates to discontinued opera-
tions, in which case the change is recorded in “In-
come from discontinued operations, net of tax”.
Unforeseen changes in tax rates and tax laws, as
well as differences in the projected taxable in-
come as compared to the actual taxable income,
may affect these estimates.

Certain countries levy withholding taxes, dividend
distribution taxes or additional corporate income
taxes (hereafter “withholding taxes”) on dividend
distributions. Such taxes cannot always be fully
reclaimed by the shareholder, although they have
to be declared and withheld by the subsidiary.
Switzerland has concluded double taxation trea-
ties with many countries in which we operate.
These treaties either eliminate or reduce such
withholding taxes on dividend distributions. It is
our policy to distribute retained earnings of sub-
sidiaries, insofar as such earnings are not perma-
nently reinvested or no other reasons exist that
would prevent the subsidiary from distributing
them. No deferred tax liability is set up, if retained
earnings are considered as indefinitely rein-
vested, and used for financing current operations
as well as business growth through working capi-
tal and capital expenditure in those countries.

We operate in numerous tax jurisdictions and, as
aresult, are regularly subject to audit by tax au-
thorities. We provide for tax contingencies when-
ever it is deemed more likely than not that a tax
asset has been impaired or a tax liability has been
incurred for events such as tax claims or changes
in tax laws. Contingency provisions are recorded
based on the technical merits of our filing posi-
tion, considering the applicable tax laws and
OECD guidelines and are based on our evaluations
of the facts and circumstances as of the end of
each reporting period. Changes in the facts and
circumstances could result in a material change to
the tax accruals. Although we believe that our tax

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 103

estimates are reasonable and that appropriate
tax reserves have been made, the final determina-
tion of tax audits and any related litigation could
be different than that which is reflected in our in-
come tax provisions and accruals.

An estimated loss from a tax contingency must be
accrued as a charge to income if it is more likely
than not that a tax asset has been impaired ora
tax liability has been incurred and the amount of
the loss can be reasonably estimated. We apply a
two-step approach to recognize and measure un-
certainty in income taxes. The first step is to eval-
uate the tax position for recognition by determin-
ing if the weight of available evidence indicates
that it is more likely than not that the position will
be sustained on audit, including resolution of re-
lated appeals or litigation processes, if any. The
second step is to measure the tax benefit as the
largest amount which is more than 50 percent
likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
The required amount of provisions for contingen-
cies of any type may change in the future due to
new developments.

Business combinations

The amount of goodwill initially recognized ina
business combination is based on the excess of
the purchase price of the acquired company over
the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed. The determination of these fair values
requires us to make significant estimates and as-
sumptions. For instance, when assumptions with
respect to the timing and amount of future reve-
nues and expenses associated with an asset are
used to determine its fair value, but the actual
timing and amount differ materially, the asset
could become impaired. In some cases, particu-
larly for large acquisitions, we may engage inde-
pendent third-party appraisal firms to assist in
determining the fair values.

Critical estimates in valuing certain intangible as-
sets include but are not limited to: future ex-
pected cash flows of the acquired business, brand
awareness, customer retention, technology obso-
lescence and discount rates.

In addition, uncertain tax positions and
tax-related valuation allowances assumed in con-
nection with a business combination are initially
estimated at the acquisition date. We re-evaluate
these items quarterly, based upon facts and cir-
cumstances that existed at the acquisition date
with any adjustments to our preliminary esti-
mates being recorded to goodwill provided that
we are within the twelve-month measurement pe-
riod. Subsequent to the measurement period or
our final determination of the tax allowance’s or


--- Page 19 ---

104 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

contingency’s estimated value, whichever comes
first, changes to these uncertain tax positions
and tax-related valuation allowances will affect
our provision for income taxes in our Consoli-
dated Income Statements and could have a mate-
rial impact on our results of operations and finan-
cial position. The fair values assigned to the
intangible assets acquired are described in

“Note 4 - Acquisitions and business divestments”
as well as “Note 11 - Goodwill and other intangi-
bles assets”, to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Goodwill and other intangible
assets

We review goodwill for impairment annually as of
October 1, or more frequently if events or circum-
stances indicate the carrying value may not be
recoverable.

We use either a qualitative or quantitative assess-
ment method for each reporting unit. The qualita-
tive assessment involves determining, based on
an evaluation of qualitative factors, whether it is
more likely than not that the fair value of a report-
ing unit is less than its carrying amount. If, based
on this qualitative assessment, it is determined to
be more likely than not that the reporting unit’s
fair value is less than its carrying value, thena
quantitative impairment test is performed. If we
elect not to perform the qualitative assessment
for a reporting unit, then we perform the quanti-
tative impairment test.

Our reporting units are the same as our Busi-
nesses for the Electrification, Motion and Robot-
ics & Discrete Automation Businesses. For the In-
dustrial Automation Business, we determined the
reporting units to be one level below the Busi-
ness, as the different products produced or ser-
vices provided by this business do not share suffi-
ciently similar economic characteristics to
aggregate into a single reporting unit.

When performing the qualitative assessment, we
first determine, for a reporting unit, factors which
would affect the fair value of the reporting unit in-
cluding: (i) macroeconomic conditions related to
the business, (ii) industry and market trends and
(iii) the overall future financial performance and
future opportunities in the markets in which the
business operates. We then consider how these
factors would impact the most recent quantita-
tive analysis of the reporting unit’s fair value. Key
assumptions in determining the fair value of the
reporting unit include the projected level of busi-
ness operations, the weighted-average cost of

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

capital, the income tax rate and the terminal
growth rate.

If, after performing the qualitative assessment,
we conclude that events or circumstances have
occurred which would indicate that it is more
likely than not that the fair value of the reporting
unit is less than its carrying value, or if we have
elected not to perform a qualitative assessment,
then a quantitative impairment test is performed.
First, we calculate the fair value of the reporting
unit using an income approach based on the pres-
ent value of future cash flows, applying a discount
rate that represents our weighted-average cost of
capital, and compare it to the reporting unit’s car-
rying value. Where the fair value of the reporting
unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets
assigned to that unit, goodwill is not impaired
and no further testing is performed. However, if
the carrying value of the net assets assigned to
the reporting unit exceeds the reporting unit’s
fair value, we would record an impairment loss
equal to the difference, up to the full amount of
goodwill. Any goodwill impairment losses would
be recorded as a separate line item in the income
statement in continuing operations, unless re-
lated to a discontinued operation, in which case
the losses would be recorded in “Income from dis-
continued operations, net of tax”.

In 2019, we performed a qualitative assessment
and determined that it was not more likely than
not that the fair value for each of these reporting
units was below the carrying value. As aresult, we
concluded that it was not necessary to perform
the quantitative impairment test.

In 2018, we performed a quantitative impairment
test for all of the reporting units applicable at
that time. The test reflected assumptions and
forecasts resulting from our strategic plan for the
period from 2019 to 2023. We concluded that the
estimated fair values for each of our reporting
units exceeded their respective carrying values
and that none of the reporting units were
impaired.

The projected future cash flows used in the 2018
fair value calculation for all reporting units, except
for the Machine and Factory Automation business
within the Industrial Automation Business, were
based on approved business plans for the report-
ing units which covered a period of five years plus
a calculated terminal value. The after-tax
weighted-average cost of capital of 8 percent was
based on variables such as the risk-free rate de-
rived from the yield of 10-year U.S. treasury bonds
as well as an ABB-specific risk premium. The ter-
minal value growth rate was assumed to be 1 per-
cent. The mid-term tax rate used in the test was
27 percent.


--- Page 20 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

For Machine and Factory Automation, which in-
cludes the acquisition in 2017 of B&R, the pro-
jected future cash flows used in the 2018 fair
value calculation were based on an approved busi-
ness plan which covered a period of eight years
plus a calculated terminal value. The business plan
covered a longer projected period due to a higher
growth trajectory as well as a longer term view for
the business which was available following the ac-
quisition process. The terminal value growth rate
was assumed to be 3 percent and the after tax
weighted-average cost of capital was 9.4 percent.
The mid-term tax rate used in the test was 25 per-
cent which is based on tax rates in countries
where the business is primarily operating.

Determining the projected future cash flows re-
quired significant judgments and estimates in-
volving variables such as future sales volumes,
sales prices, awards of large orders, production
and other operating costs, capital expenditures,
net working capital requirements and other eco-
nomic factors.

We based our fair value estimates on assumptions
we believed to be reasonable, but which were in-
herently uncertain. Consequently, actual future re-
sults may differ from those estimates.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 105

We assessed the reasonableness of the fair value
calculations of our reporting units by reconciling
the sum of the fair values for all our reporting
units to our total market capitalization. Through
the use of sensitivity analysis, the assumptions
used in the fair value calculation were stressed to
determine the impact on the fair value of the re-
porting units. Our sensitivity analysis in 2018
showed that, holding all other assumptions con-
stant, a 1 percentage point increase in the dis-
count rate would have reduced the calculated fair
value by approximately 13.0 percent, while a 1 per-
centage point decrease in the terminal value
growth rate would have reduced the calculated
fair value by approximately 9.3 percent.

Intangible assets are reviewed for recoverability
upon the occurrence of certain triggering events
(such as a decision to divest a business or pro-
jected losses of an entity) or whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carry-
ing amount may not be recoverable. We record im-
pairment charges in “Other income (expense),
net”, in our Consolidated Income Statements, un-
less they relate to a discontinued operation, in
which case the charges are recorded in “Income
from discontinued operations, net of tax”.

New accounting pronouncements

For a description of accounting changes and re-
cent accounting pronouncements, including the
expected dates of adoption and estimated ef-
fects, if any, on our Consolidated Financial

Statements, see “Note 2 - Significant accounting
policies” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Research and development

Each year, we invest significantly in research and
development. Our research and development fo-
cuses on developing and commercializing the
technologies, products and solutions of our busi-
nesses that are of strategic importance to our fu-
ture growth. In 2019, we invested $1,198 million, or
approximately 4.3 percent of our 2019 consoli-
dated revenues, on research and development ac-
tivities in our continuing operations. We also had
expenditures of $50 million, or approximately

0.2 percent of our 2019 consolidated revenues, on
order-related development activities. These are
customer- and project-specific development

efforts that we undertake to develop or adapt
equipment and systems to the unique needs of
our customers in connection with specific orders
or projects.

In addition to continuous product development,
and order-related engineering work, we develop
platforms for technology applications in our busi-
nesses in our research and development laborato-
ries, which operate on a global basis, such as our
ABB Ability™ platform. Through active manage-
ment of our investment in research and develop-
ment, we seek to maintain a balance between


--- Page 21 ---

106 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

short-term and long-term research and develop-
ment programs and optimize our return on
investment.

Universities are incubators of future technology,
and a central task of our research and develop-
ment team is to transform university research
into industry-ready technology platforms. We col-
laborate with multiple universities and research
institutions to build research networks and foster
new technologies. We believe these collaborations
shorten the amount of time required to turn basic
ideas into viable products, and they additionally
help us to recruit and train new personnel. We
have built numerous university collaborations in
the U.S., Europe and Asia, including long-term,
strategic relationships with Carnegie Mellon Uni-
versity, North Carolina State University, Virginia
Polytechnic Institute and State University, Massa-
chusetts Institute of Technology, Imperial College
London, ETH Zurich, Royal Institute of Technology
(KTH) Stockholm, Cambridge University, Dresden
University of Technology, Huazhong University of
Science & Technology (HUST), Zhejiang University
and Xi’an Jiaotong University (XJTU).

We are further leveraging our ecosystem to en-
hance our innovation efforts and gain speed with
strategic partners by investing and collaborating
with start-ups worldwide via our corporate

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

venture arm ABB Technology Ventures and our
start-up collaboration arm SynerLeap.

Our collaborative research and development proj-
ects include research on artificial intelligence, ma-
terials, sensors, micro-engineered mechanical
systems, robotics, controls, manufacturing, dis-
tributed power and communication. Common
platforms for power and automation technologies
are developed around advanced materials, effi-
cient manufacturing, information technology and
data communication, as well as sensor and actua-
tor technology.

Common applications of basic power and auto-
mation technologies can also be found in power
electronics, electrical insulation, and control and
optimization. Our power technologies, including
our insulation technologies, current interruption
and limitation devices, power electronics, flow
control and power protection processes, apply as
much to large, reliable, blackout-free transmission
systems as they do to everyday household needs.
Our automation technologies, including our con-
trol and optimization processes, power electron-
ics, sensors and microelectronics, mechatronics,
wireless communication processes as well as ad-
vanced artificial intelligence solutions are de-
signed to improve efficiency in plants and facto-
ries around the world, including our own.

Acquisitions and divestments

Acquisitions

There were no acquisitions in 2019. During 2018
and 2017, ABB paid $2,638 million and $1,992 mil-
lion to purchase three and four businesses, re-
spectively. The amounts exclude increases in in-
vestments made in cost- and equity-accounted
companies.

The principal acquisition in 2018 was GE Industrial
Solutions (GEIS), GE’s global electrification solu-
tions business, which was acquired in June. GEIS,
headquartered in the U.S., provides technologies
that distribute and control electricity and support
the commercial, data center, health care, mining,
renewable energy, oil and gas, water and telecom-
munications sectors. At the time of the acquisi-
tion, GEIS had approximately 13,500 employees.

The principal acquisition in 2017 was Bernecker +
Rainer Industrie-Elektronik GmbH (B&R), a world-
wide provider of product- and software-based,

open-architecture solutions for machine and fac-
tory automation. At the time of the acquisition,
B&R employed more than 3,000 people, including
about 1,000 research and development, and appli-
cation engineers, and operated across 70 coun-
tries in the machine and factory automation mar-
ket segment.

Divestments

In 2019, we recorded net gains (including transac-
tion costs) of $55 million, primarily due to the di-

vestment of two businesses in China. There were

no significant divestments in 2018.

On March 1, 2017, we divested our high-voltage ca-
ble system business. Total cash proceeds from all
business divestments during 2017 amounted to
$605 million, net of transaction costs and cash
disposed.


--- Page 22 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

Planned divestment of Power Grids

In December 2018, ABB announced an agreement
to divest 80.1 percent of its Power Grids business
to Hitachi, valuing the business at $11 billion. The
business also includes certain real estate proper-
ties which were previously reported within Corpo-
rate and Other. The divestment is expected to be
completed at the end of the second quarter of
2020, following the receipt of customary regula-
tory approvals. As this divestment represents a
strategic shift that will have a major effect on the
Company’s operations and financial results, the
results of operations for this business have been
presented as discontinued operations and the as-
sets and liabilities are reflected as held-for-sale
for all periods presented. For more information
on our discontinued operations, see “Note 3 - Ba-
sis of presentation and assets held for sale” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Exchange rates

We report our financial results in U.S. dollars. Due
to our global operations, a significant amount of
our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are
denominated in other currencies. As a conse-
quence, movements in exchange rates between
currencies may affect: (i) our profitability, (ii) the
comparability of our results between periods and
(iii) the reported carrying value of our assets and
liabilities.

We translate non-USD denominated results of op-
erations, assets and liabilities to USD in our Con-
solidated Financial Statements. Balance sheet
items are translated to USD using year-end cur-
rency exchange rates. Income statement and cash
flow items are translated to USD using the rele-
vant monthly average currency exchange rate.

Increases and decreases in the value of the USD
against other currencies will affect the reported
results of operations in our Consolidated Income
Statements and the value of certain of our assets
and liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets,
even if our results of operations or the value of
those assets and liabilities have not changed in
their original currency. As foreign exchange rates
impact our reported results of operations and the
reported value of our assets and liabilities,
changes in foreign exchange rates could signifi-
cantly affect the comparability of our reported re-
sults of operations between periods and result in
significant changes to the reported value of our
assets, liabilities and stockholders’ equity.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 107

Planned divestment of solar inverters business
During 2019, ABB reached an agreement to sell its
solar inverters business to FIMER S.p.A. (Italy) for
no consideration. Under the agreement ABB is ob-
ligated to transfer cash on the closing date and
make additional cash payments to the purchaser
through to 2025. As a result, in 2019, we recorded
aloss, of $421 million in “Other income (expense),
net”, representing the excess of the carrying value
over the estimated fair value of this business. The
carrying value at December 31, 2019, includes a
loss arising from the cumulative translation ad-
justment of $99 million. The assets and liabilities
of this business are included within assets and lia-
bilities held for sale in our Consolidated Balance
Sheet as at December 31, 2019. For more informa-
tion on assets held for sale, see “Note 3 — Basis of
presentation and assets held for sale” to our Con-
solidated Financial Statements.

While we operate globally and report our financial
results in USD, exchange rate movements be-
tween the USD and both the EUR and the CHF are
of particular importance to us due to (i) the loca-
tion of our significant operations and (ii) our cor-
porate headquarters being in Switzerland.

The exchange rates between the USD and the EUR
and the USD and the CHF at December 31, 2019,
2018 and 2017, were as follows:

Exchange rates into $ 2019 2018 2017
EUR 1.00 1.12 115 = 1.20
CHF 1.00 1.03 1.02 1.02

The average exchange rates between the USD and
the EUR and the USD and the CHF for the years
ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, were as
follows:

Exchange rates into $ 2019 2018 2017
EUR 1.00 1.12 118 9 1.13
CHF 1.00 1.01 1.02 1.02

When we incur expenses that are not denomi-
nated in the same currency as the related reve-
nues, foreign exchange rate fluctuations could af-
fect our profitability. To mitigate the impact of
exchange rate movements on our profitability, it
is our policy to enter into forward foreign ex-
change contracts to manage the foreign exchange
transaction risk of our operations.


--- Page 23 ---

108 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

In 2019, approximately 74 percent of our consoli-
dated revenues were reported in currencies other
than the USD. The following percentages of con-
solidated revenues were reported in the following
currencies:

+ Euro, approximately 23 percent, and
+ Chinese renminbi, approximately 14 percent.

In 2019, approximately 72 percent of our cost of
sales and selling, general and administrative ex-
penses were reported in currencies other than the
USD. The following percentages of consolidated
cost of sales and selling, general and administra-
tive expenses were reported in the following
currencies:

+ Euro, approximately 21 percent, and
+ Chinese renminbi, approximately 12 percent.

We also incur expenses other than cost of sales
and selling, general and administrative expenses
in various currencies.

The results of operations and financial position of
our subsidiaries outside of the United States are
generally accounted for in the currencies of the
countries in which those subsidiaries are located.
We refer to these currencies as “local currencies”.
Local currency financial information is then trans-
lated into USD at applicable exchange rates for in-
clusion in our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Orders

Our policy is to book and report an order whena
binding contractual agreement has been con-
cluded with a customer covering, at a minimum,
the price and scope of products or services to be
supplied, the delivery schedule and the payment
terms. The reported value of an order corre-
sponds to the undiscounted value of revenues
that we expect to recognize following delivery of
the goods or services subject to the order, less
any trade discounts and excluding any value
added or sales tax. The value of orders received
during a given period of time represents the sum
of the value of all orders received during the pe-
riod, adjusted to reflect the aggregate value of
any changes to the value of orders received during
the period and orders existing at the beginning of
the period. These adjustments, which may in the
aggregate increase or decrease the orders re-
ported during the period, may include changes in

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

The discussion of our results of operations below
provides certain information with respect to or-
ders, revenues, income from operations and other
measures as reported in USD (as well as in local
currencies). We measure period-to-period varia-
tions in local currency results by using a constant
foreign exchange rate for all periods under com-
parison. Differences in our results of operations
in local currencies as compared to our results of
operations in USD are caused exclusively by
changes in currency exchange rates.

While we consider our results of operations as
measured in local currencies to be a significant in-
dicator of business performance, local currency
information should not be relied upon to the ex-
clusion of U.S. GAAP financial measures. Instead,
local currencies reflect an additional measure of
comparability and provide a means of viewing as-
pects of our operations that, when viewed to-
gether with the U.S. GAAP results, provide a more
complete understanding of factors and trends af-
fecting the business. As local currency informa-
tion is not standardized, it may not be possible to
compare our local currency information to other
companies’ financial measures that have the same
ora similar title. We encourage investors to re-
view our financial statements and publicly filed
reports in their entirety and not to rely on any sin-
gle financial measure.

the estimated order price up to the date of con-
tractual performance, changes in the scope of
products or services ordered and cancellations of
orders. The undiscounted value of future revenues
we expect to generate from our orders at any
point in time is represented by our order backlog.

The level of orders fluctuates from year to year.
Portions of our business involve orders for
long-term projects that can take months or years
to complete and many larger orders result in reve-
nues in periods after the order is booked. Conse-
quently, the level of orders generally cannot be
used to accurately predict future revenues or op-
erating performance. Orders that have been
placed can often be cancelled, delayed or modi-
fied by the customer. These actions can reduce or
delay any future revenues from the order or may
result in the elimination of the order.


--- Page 24 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 109

Transactions with affiliates and

associates

In the normal course of our business, we purchase
products from, sell products to and engage in
other transactions with entities in which we hold
an equity interest. The amounts involved in these
transactions are not material to ABB Ltd. Also, in

the normal course of our business, we engage in
transactions with businesses that we have di-
vested. We believe that the terms of the transac-
tions we conduct with these companies are nego-
tiated on an arm’s length basis.

Performance measures

We evaluate the performance of our Businesses
based on orders received, revenues and Opera-
tional EBITA.

Operational EBITA represents income from opera-
tions excluding:

amortization expense on intangibles arising
upon acquisitions (acquisition-related
amortization),

restructuring, related and implementation
costs,

changes in the amount recorded for obligations
related to divested businesses occurring after
the divestment date (changes in obligations
related to divested businesses),

changes in estimates relating to opening
balance sheets of acquired businesses (changes
in pre-acquisition estimates),

gains and losses from sale of businesses
(including fair value adjustment on assets and
liabilities held for sale),

acquisition- and divestment-related expenses
and integration costs,

certain other non-operational items, as well as

+ foreign exchange/commodity timing
differences in income from operations
consisting of: (a) unrealized gains and losses on
derivatives (foreign exchange, commodities,
embedded derivatives), (b) realized gains and
losses on derivatives where the underlying
hedged transaction has not yet been realized,
and (c) unrealized foreign exchange movements
on receivables/payables (and related assets/
liabilities).

Certain other non-operational items generally in-
cludes: certain regulatory, compliance and legal
costs, costs for planned divestment of the Power
Grids business, certain asset write downs/impair-
ments, non-operational gains, as well as other
items which are determined by management on

a case-by-case basis.

See “Note 23 - Operating segment and geo-
graphic data” to our Consolidated Financial State-
ments for a reconciliation of the total Operational
EBITA to income from continuing operations be-
fore taxes.


--- Page 25 ---

110 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Analysis of results of operations

Orders and order backlog were as follows:

Orders and order backlo:

2019 2018 2017
28,588 28,590 25,034
Order backlog at December 31, 13,324 13,084 12,491

Our consolidated results from operations were as
follows:

Income statement data:

($inmillions, except
per share data in $) 2019 2018 2017
Revenues 27,978 27,662 25,196

Cost of sales (19,072) (19,118) (17,350)

Gross profit 8,906 8,544 7,846
Selling, general and
administrative expenses (5,447) (5,295) (4,765)
Non-order related research and
development expenses (1,198) (1,147) (1,013)
Other income (expense), net (323) 124162
Income from operations 1,938 2,226 2,230
Net interest and other finance
expense (148) (190) (161)
Non-operational pension (cost)
credit 72 83 33
Provision for taxes (772) (544) (583)
Income from continuing
operations, net of tax 1,090 1,575 1,519
Income from discontinued
operations, net of tax 438 723846
Net income 1,528 2,298 2,365
Net income attributable to
noncontrolling interests (89) (125) (452)
Net income attributabletoABB 1,439 2,173 2,213
Amounts attributable

BB shareho
Income from continuing
operations, net of tax 1043 1,514 1,441
Income from discontinued
operations, net of tax 396 ©=659—Ss 772
Net income 1439 2,173 2,213

ic earnings per share attributable
BB shareho
Income from continuing
operations, net of tax
Income from discontinued
operations, net of tax 0.19 0.31

0.67 1.02 1.04

0.49 071 0.67

0.36
Net income

Diluted earnin
to ABB shareho
Income from continuing
operations, net of tax
Income from discontinued
operations, net of tax 0.19 0.31

0.67 1.02 1.03

ibutable

ers:

0.49 071 0.67

0.36
Net income

Amore detailed discussion of the orders, reve-
nues, income from operations and Operational
EBITA for our Businesses follows in the sections of
“Business analysis” below entitled “Electrifica-
tion”, “Industrial Automation”, “Motion”, “Robot-
ics & Discrete Automation”, and “Corporate and
Other”. Orders and revenues of our businesses in-
clude intersegment transactions which are elimi-
nated in the “Corporate and Other” line in the ta-
bles below.

Orders

% Change
($ in millions) 2019 2018 2017 2019 2018
Electrification 13,050 11,867 10,143 10% 17%
Industrial
Automation 6,432 6,697 6,113 (4)% 10%
Motion 6,782 6,725 5,966 1% 13%
Robotics &
Discrete
Automation 3,260 3,808 2,977 (14)% 28%
Operating
Businesses 29,524 29,097 25,199 1% 15%
Corporate and Other
Non-core and
divested
businesses (91) 364 643 na. (43)%
Intersegment
eliminations
and other (845) (871) (808) na. na.
Total 28,588 28,590 25,034 0% 14%

In 2019, total orders remained stable compared to
2018 (increased 4 percent in local currencies). To-
tal orders reflects the moderate organic growth in
the Electrification and Motion Businesses, damp-
ened by lower orders in the Industrial Automation
and Robotics & Discrete Automation Businesses.
Order declines were most significant in the Ro-
botics & Discrete Automation Business as several
of its primary industry sectors reduced order lev-
els. Changes in the business portfolio, mainly
from the inclusion of GEIS for a full year in 2019,
positively impacted total orders by approximately
3 percent. For additional information about Busi-
ness order performance in all periods, refer to the
relevant sections of “Business analysis” below.

In 2018, total orders increased 14 percent (14 per-
cent in local currencies). Orders grew organically
in all Businesses with the most significant growth
in the Motion Business, while the Industrial Auto-
mation Business also received strong order levels
in the Marine & Ports business line. Orders in-
creased approximately 6 percent due to changes


--- Page 26 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

in the business portfolio including GEIS, acquired
at end June 2018 and a full year of contribution
from B&R, acquired in July 2017.

We determine the geographic distribution of our
orders based on the location of the ultimate des-
tination of the products’ end use, if known, or the
location of the customer. The geographic distri-

bution of our consolidated orders was as follows:

% Change
($ in millions) 2019 2018 2017 2019 2018
Europe 10,509 10,725 9,202 (2)% 17%
The Americas 9,057 8,243 7,006 10% 18%
Asia, Middle
EastandAfrica 9,022 9,622 8,826 (6)% 9%
Total 28,588 28,590 25,034 0% 14%

Orders in 2019 grew in the Americas but de-
creased in Asia, Middle East and Africa and in Eu-
rope. In the Americas orders increased 10 percent
(11 percent in local currencies). Orders increased
in Chile, Brazil, Argentina, Canada, Mexico, Peru
and the United States. In Asia, Middle East and Af-
rica orders declined 6 percent (4 percent in local
currencies), negatively impacted by the Motion
and Robotics & Discrete Automation Businesses.
Orders were higher in Qatar, Singapore, Japan,
Australia and South Korea while they declined in
China, India, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emir-
ates and South Africa. In Europe orders declined

2 percent (increased 4 percent in local currencies).
Orders in local currencies increased in the Indus-
trial Automation and Motion Businesses. Orders
declined in Norway, the United Kingdom, Switzer-
land, Finland, Italy and Sweden. Orders remained
flat in Switzerland while they increased in France,
Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands, Russia and
Spain. Growth in the Americas included a 10 per-
cent increase due to changes in the business port-
folio, primarily due to the inclusion of GEIS fora
full year. In Europe, these changes had a positive
impact of 2 percent while these changes had a
negative impact of 3 percent in Asia, Middle East
and Africa.

Orders in 2018 increased in all regions. In Europe
orders grew 17 percent (14 percent in local curren-
cies) and grew in all of the Businesses. In local cur-
rencies, orders increased in Finland, Switzerland,
Germany, Sweden and Italy while they decreased
in the United Kingdom. In the Americas orders in-
creased 18 percent (19 percent in local currencies).
In local currencies, orders increased in the U.S.,
Brazil, Mexico and Argentina while orders de-
creased in Canada, Chile and Panama. In Asia,
Middle East and Africa orders grew 9 percent

(8 percent in local currencies), driven by the Ro-
botics & Discrete Automation Business. Orders
were higher in China, Japan, Egypt, Malaysia and
India while they declined in Saudi Arabia, South

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 11

Korea and South Africa. Growth in the Americas
included a 12 percent impact due to acquisitions,
including GEIS and B&R. In Europe, these acquisi-
tions had a positive impact of 4 percent while the
impact in Asia, Middle East and Africa was

2 percent.

Order backlog
December 31, % Change

2019 2018 2017 2019 2018
Electrification 4,488 4,113 3,098 9% 33%
Industrial
Automation 5,077 4,986 5,171 2% (4)%
Motion 2,967 2,740 2,674 8% 2%
Robotics &
Discrete
Automation 1,356 1,438 1,279 (6)% 12%
Operating
Businesses 13,888 13,277 12,222 5% 9%
Corporate and Other
Non-core and
divested
businesses 192 555 1,055 (65)%  (47)%
Intersegment
eliminations (756) (748) (786) na. naa.
Total 13,324 13,084 12,491 2% 5%

Consolidated order backlog increased 2 percent
(2 percent in local currencies) from December 31,
2018, to December 31, 2019. Order backlog in-
creased in the Electrification Business, supported
by order growth in all regions, especially in Asia,
Middle East and Africa as well as in Europe. Order
backlog also increased in the Motion Business
driven by higher order intake in Europe mainly
from Germany, Spain, Russia, Finland and France.
Order backlog in the Industrial Automation Busi-
ness increased slightly due to the order intake in
the system business and in Turbocharging. Order
backlog declined in the Robotics & Discrete Auto-
mation Business as a result of the weak order in-
take in the Robotics business.

Consolidated order backlog increased 5 percent
(10 percent in local currencies) from December 31,
2017, to December 31, 2018. Order backlog in-
creased in the Electrification Business due to the
acquisition of GEIS in June 2018 and in the Motion
and Robotics & Discrete Automation Businesses.
In the Industrial Automation Business, the order
backlog decreased compared to the end of 2017
due to high levels of execution that could not be
fully compensated with new orders. The net im-
pact on order backlog from divestments and ac-
quisitions was an increase of 4 percent.


--- Page 27 ---

112 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Revenues
% Change

($ in millions) 2019 2018 2017 2019 2018
Electrification 12,728 11,686 10,094 9% 16%
Industrial
Automation 6,273 6,500 6,472 (3)% 0%
Motion 6,533 6,463 5,877 1% 10%
Robotics &
Discrete
Automation 3,314 3,611 2,957 (8)% 22%
Operating
Businesses 28,848 28,260 25,400 2% 11%
Corporate and Other

Non-core and

divested

businesses 37 273 661 (86)% (59)%

Intersegment

eliminations

and other (907) (871) (865) na. na.
Total 27,978 27,662 25,196 1% 10%

In 2019, revenues increased 1 percent (5 percent in
local currencies). Revenues were higher in the
Electrification and Motion Businesses while reve-
nues decreased in the Industrial Automation and
Robotics & Discrete Automation Businesses. In
the Electrification Business, higher revenues were
mainly attributable to the inclusion of a full year
of revenues from GEIS. The revenue decrease in
the Robotics & Discrete Automation Business was
due to weakness in automotive-related sectors
and weak book-and-bill business. For additional
information about the Business revenues perfor-
mance in all periods, please refer to “Business
analysis” below.

Revenues in 2018 increased 10 percent (9 percent
in local currencies) with growth in all Businesses
except Industrial Automation, reflecting the trend
in orders during 2018. In Electrification, the in-
crease in revenues was mainly attributable to the
acquisition of GEIS in June 2018. The increase in
revenues in the Robotics & Discrete Automation
Business was mainly attributable to the inclusion
of a full year of revenues for B&R which was ac-
quired in July 2017.

We determine the geographic distribution of our
revenues based on the location of the ultimate
destination of the products’ end use, if known, or
the location of the customer. The geographic dis-
tribution of our consolidated revenues was as
follows:

% Change
($ in millions) 2019 2018 2017 2019 2018
Europe 10,097 10,129 9,142 0% 11%
TheAmericas 8,955 8,042 6870 11% 17%
Asia, Middle
EastandAfrica 8,926 9,491 9,184 (6)% 3%
Total 27,978 27,662 25,196 1% 10%

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

In 2019, revenue growth was mixed across the re-
gions. In Europe, revenues remained flat (in-
creased 6 percent in local currencies) with higher
local currency revenues in the Electrification, Mo-
tion and Robotics & Discrete Automation Busi-
nesses and lower revenues in the Industrial Auto-
mation Business. Revenues increased in the
Netherlands, Spain, Poland, Switzerland and Bel-
gium, while they were lower in Finland, Turkey, It-
aly, Germany and Sweden. Revenues in the Ameri-
cas increased 11 percent (13 percent in local
currencies) largely due to the impact of including
GEIS for a full year. Revenues were higher in the
U.S., Mexico, Canada, Peru and Chile. In Asia, Mid-
dle East and Africa, revenues decreased 6 percent
(3 percent in local currencies) due to lower reve-
nues in the Robotics and Energy Industries busi-
ness lines. Revenues declined in Saudi Arabia,
South Korea, South Africa, India and China but in-
creased in Australia, Japan and Singapore.

In 2018, revenues increased in all regions. In Eu-
rope, revenues increased 11 percent (9 percent in
local currencies) reflecting growth in the Motion
Business as well as the Electrification Business,
which benefited from the acquisition of GEIS. Rev-
enues grew in the Robotics & Discrete Automation
Business which benefited from the inclusion of a
full year of revenues from B&R. In local currencies,
revenues declined in Sweden, Norway and the
United Kingdom, while revenues increased in
Switzerland, Spain and Poland. Revenues in the
Americas increased 17 percent (19 percent in local
currencies), mainly driven by the acquisition of
GEIS. In local currencies, revenues were higher in
the U.S., Canada, Brazil, Mexico and Argentina. In
Asia, Middle East and Africa, revenues increased
3 percent (3 percent in local currencies). In local
currencies, revenues declined in Saudi Arabia, Qa-
tar and South Korea while revenues increased in
China, India, and Australia.

Cost of sales

Cost of sales consists primarily of labor, raw ma-
terials and component costs but also includes in-
direct production costs, expenses for warranties,
contract and project charges, as well as
order-related development expenses incurred in
connection with projects for which corresponding
revenues have been recognized.

In 2019, cost of sales was steady (increased 3 per-
cent in local currencies) at $19,072 million and the
gross margin improved by 0.9 percent as cost of
sales as a percentage of revenues decreased from
69.1 percent in 2018 to 68.2 percent in 2019. Gross
margins improved in the Electrification Business,
despite the dilutive impacts of the GEIS business
and were also higher in the Motion Business.


--- Page 28 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

Margins were lower in the Industrial Automation
and Robotics & Discrete Automation Businesses.
Lower losses in Non-core businesses also reduced
cost of sales. Continued price-erosion was lower
than in 2018 and we had some positive impacts
from changes in commodity prices. We also bene-
fited from the results of supply chain and opera-
tional excellence initiatives.

In 2018, cost of sales increased 10 percent (10 per-
cent in local currencies) to $19,118 million, a similar
increase as Revenues. Growth was due to the ac-
quisition of GEIS, a full year of inclusion of B&R and
growth in the Motion Business. Cost of sales asa
percentage of revenues increased slightly from
68.9 percent in 2017 to 69.1 percent in 2018, due to
the impact of the lower gross margin business in
the acquired GEIS business, the impact of higher
commodity prices and certain project-related
charges in the non-core EPC business. Cost of
sales benefited from continued efforts to gener-
ate savings from supply chain and operational ex-
cellence programs.

Selling, general and
administrative expenses

The components of selling, general and adminis-
trative expenses were as follows:

($in millions, unless

otherwise stated) 2019

3,383

2018
3,228

2017
2,864

Selling expenses

Selling expenses as a percentage

of orders received 11.8% 11.3% 11.4%

General and administrative

expenses 2,064 2,067 1,901
General and administrative
expenses as a percentage of

revenues
Total selling, general and
administrative expenses
Total selling, general and
administrative expenses as a
percentage of revenues

Total selling, general and
administrative expenses as a
percentage of the average of
orders received and revenues

TA% 75% 7.5%

5,447 5,295 4,765

19.5% 19.1% 18.9%

19.3% 18.8% 19.0%

In 2019, general and administrative expenses re-
mained at the same level as in 2018 (increased

3 percent in local currencies). As a percentage of
revenues, general and administrative expenses
decreased to 7.4 percent from 7.5 percent in 2018.
General and administrative expenses were im-
pacted by approximately $240 million of restruc-
turing and implementation expenses for the

OS program and additional general and adminis-
trative expenses from the integration of the ac-
quired GEIS business. General and administrative
expenses were also impacted by the costs

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 113

associated with the planned divestment of the
Power Grids business. General and administrative
expenses in 2019 benefited from a $72 million re-
duction of stranded corporate costs compared to
2018. Stranded costs are overhead and other man-
agement costs which could previously be allo-
cated to the Power Grids business.

In 2018, general and administrative expenses in-
creased 9 percent compared to 2017 (8 percent in
local currencies). As a percentage of revenues,
general and administrative expenses remained at
7.5 percent. Despite a significant reduction in re-
structuring and restructuring-related expenses
for the White Collar Productivity program of

$131 million compared to 2017, general and admin-
istrative expenses increased driven by the contin-
uation of a series of strategic initiatives and addi-
tional general and administrative expenses from
the acquired B&R and GEIS businesses. General
and administrative expenses in 2018 includes
$297 million of stranded corporate costs com-
pared with $286 million in 2017.

In 2019, selling expenses increased 5 percent com-
pared to 2018 (8 percent in local currencies) and
includes $27 million of restructuring and imple-
mentation expenses for the OS program. We also
increased investments in sales efforts in selective
businesses including Machine and Factory Auto-
mation, Process Industries, Installation Products,
Measurement & Analytics and Drives and also had
higher selling expenses from the impact of includ-
ing a full year of the acquired GEIS business.
These factors resulted in increasing selling ex-
penses as a percentage of orders received from
11.3 percent to 11.8 percent.

In 2018, selling expenses increased 13 percent
compared to 2017 (12 percent in local currencies)
primarily driven by extended sales activities in se-
lective businesses like Robotics, Drives and Mo-
tors & Generators and additional selling expenses
from the acquired B&R and GEIS businesses. Sell-
ing expenses as a percentage of orders received
decreased from 11.4 percent to 11.3 percent on
higher orders received.

In 2019, selling, general and administrative ex-
penses increased 3 percent compared to 2018

(6 percent in local currencies) and as a percentage
of the average of orders and revenues, selling,
general and administrative expenses increased
from 18.8 percent to 19.3 percent mainly from the
impact of the higher selling expenses described
above.

In 2018, selling, general and administrative ex-
penses increased 11 percent compared to 2017

(10 percent in local currencies) and as a percent-
age of the average of orders and revenues, selling,


--- Page 29 ---

114 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

general and administrative expenses decreased
from 19.0 percent to 18.8 percent mainly from the
impact of the higher average orders and revenues.

Non-order related research and
development expenses

In 2019, non-order related research and develop-
ment expenses increased 4 percent (9 percent in
local currencies) compared to 2018 driven bya
continued focus on investments in promising key
technologies.

In 2018, non-order related research and develop-
ment expenses increased 13 percent (11 percent in
local currencies) compared to 2017 due to ex-
panded investment in specific future growth
areas.

Non-order related research and development ex-
penses as a percentage of revenues increased in
2019 to 4.3 percent, after increasing to 4.1 percent
in 2018 from 4.0 percent in 2017.

Other income (expense), net

($ in millions) 2019 2018 2017
Restructuring and restructuring-

related expenses 9) ~—(37)_~— (35)
Net gain from sale of property,

plant and equipment 51 57 37
Asset impairments (61) (36)_~—(27)
Fair value adjustment on assets

and liabilities held for sale (421) - -
Favorable resolution of an

uncertain purchase price

adjustment 92 - -
Net gain (loss) from sale of

businesses 55 57 252
Gain on liquidation of foreign

subsidiary = 31 -

Income from equity-accounted
companies and other income
(expense), net 30 52 (65)

(323) 124162

Total

(1) Excluding asset impairments

“Other income (expense), net” primarily includes
certain restructuring and restructuring-related
expenses, gains and losses from sale of busi-
nesses and sale of property, plant and equipment,
recognized asset impairments, our share of in-
come or loss from equity-accounted companies
as well as other losses.

In 2019, “Other income (expense), net” was a loss
of $323 million, while it was a gain of $124 million
in 2018. In 2019, the amount includes the impact
of recording a loss of $421 million for a fair value
adjustment to the net assets of the solar inverters

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

business which was classified as held for sale in
June 2019. See “Note 3 - Basis of presentation and
assets held for sale” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information. Partially
offsetting this was a gain of $92 million due toa
favorable resolution of an uncertain purchase
price adjustment relating to the acquisition of
GEIS. See “Note 4 —- Acquisitions and business di-
vestments” to our Consolidated Financial State-
ments for additional information.

In 2018, “Other income (expense), net” was an in-
come of $124 million, lower than in 2017. The pri-
mary reason was that 2017 included a significant
gain on sale of the Cables business. Partially of f-
setting this was that 2018 included lower costs
for legal claims (recorded within other expense)
and a currency-related gain on a substantial liqui-
dation of a foreign subsidiary.

Income from operations

% Change
($ in millions) 2019 2018 2017 2019 2018
Electrification 1,049 1,290 1,352 (19)%  (5)%
Industrial
Automation 700 853 829 (18)% 3%
Motion 1,009 924 707 «9% = 381%

Robotics & Discrete

Automation 298 456 387 (35)% 18%
Operating

Businesses 3,056 3,523 3,276 (13)% 8%
Corporate and

Other (1,113) (1,302)(1,052) na. ona.
Intersegment

elimination (5) 5 6 ona ona.
Total 1,938 2,226 2,230 (13)% 0%

In 2019 and 2018, changes in income from opera-
tions were a result of the factors discussed above
and in the divisional analysis below.

Net interest and other finance
expense

Net interest and other finance expense consists
of “Interest and dividend income” offset by “Inter-
est and other finance expense”.

“Interest and other finance expense” includes in-
terest expense on our debt, the amortization of
upfront transaction costs associated with
long-term debt and committed credit facilities,
commitment fees on credit facilities, foreign ex-
change gains and losses on financial items and
gains and losses on marketable securities. In ad-
dition, interest accrued relating to uncertain tax
positions is included within interest expense. “In-
terest and other finance expense” excludes


--- Page 30 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

interest expense which has been allocated to dis-
continued operations.

($ in millions) 2019 2018 += 2017
Interest and dividend income 67 72 73
Interest and other finance

expense (215) (262) (234)
Net interest and other finance

expense (148) (190) (161)

In 2019, “Interest and other finance expense” de-
creased compared to 2018 primarily due to lower
foreign exchange losses compared to 2018 as well
as lower effective interest rates on outstanding
long-term debt.

In 2018, “Interest and other finance expense” in-

creased compared to 2017 primarily due to an in-
crease in average outstanding commercial paper
borrowings and the interest expense associated
with the bonds issued in 2018.

Non-operational pension (cost)
credit

The Non-operational pension credit of $72 million
in 2019 was lower than the $83 million recorded in
2018 primarily due to a smaller pension asset
base used in the computation of the expected re-
turn on assets and in increase in the settlement
charges, partially offset by the change in ap-
proach used to calculate the interest cost as de-
scribed in “Note 17 - Employee benefits” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Non-operational pension credit of $83 million
in 2018 was higher than the $33 million recorded
in 2017 primarily due to a reduction in 2018 of the
discount rate applicable to the computation of
the defined benefit pension obligation anda
larger pension asset base used in the computa-
tion of the expected return on plan assets.

Provision for taxes

($ in millions) 2019 2018 += 2017
Income from continuing

operations before taxes 1862 2,119 2,102
Provision for taxes (772) (544) (583)
Effective tax rate for the year 41.5% 25.7% 27.7%

In 2019, the effective tax rate increased from
25.7 percent to 41.5 percent. The distribution of
income within the group resulted in a lower
weighted-average global tax rate, including the
impact of recording a loss for the planned sale of
the solar inverters business which reduced the
weighted-average global tax rate by

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 115

approximately 2 percent. In connection with this
loss, we also recorded a change in a valuation al-
lowance which increased the effective tax rate by
approximately 6 percent. During 2019, the effec-
tive tax rate also increased further due to impacts
relating to the planned divestment of the Power
Grids business, primarily including
non-deductible expenses, taxes payable due to
the reorganization of the business in connection
with the planned sale, changes to valuation allow-
ances and additional taxes for unremitted earn-
ings. Additionally, the effective tax rate also in-
creased due to changes in valuation allowances
and changes in taxes due to interpretation of tax
law and double tax treaty agreements by compe-
tent tax authorities. See “Note 3 - Basis of presen-
tation and assets held for sale” to our Consoli-
dated Financial Statements for additional
information.

In 2018, the effective tax rate decreased from
27.7 percent to 25.7 percent. The distribution of
income within the group resulted in a lower
weighted-average global tax rate. In addition, the
impact from changes in interpretation of law and
double tax treaty agreements by competent tax
authorities decreased the effective tax rate.
These impacts were partially offset by a negative
impact from changes in valuation allowance anda
lower positive impact compared to 2017 from
non-taxable amounts for net gains from sale of
businesses.

Income from continuing
operations, net of tax

As aresult of the factors discussed above, income
from continuing operations, net of tax, decreased
by $485 million to $1,090 million in 2019 com-
pared to 2018, and increased by $56 million to
$1,575 million in 2018 compared to 2017.

Income from discontinued
operations, net of tax

Income from discontinued operations, net of tax,
was $438 million, $723 million and $846 million
for 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

In December 2018, we announced an agreement
to divest 80.1 percent of our Power Grids business
to Hitachi. The business also includes certain real
estate properties which were previously reported
within Corporate and Other. The divestment is ex-
pected to be completed at the end of the second
quarter of 2020, following the receipt of custom-
ary regulatory approvals. As this divestment


--- Page 31 ---

116 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

represents a strategic shift that will have a major
effect on our operations and financial results, the
results of operations for this business have been
presented as discontinued operations for all peri-
ods presented. In addition, consistent with the
presentation of the business as discontinued op-
erations, during 2019, we have not recorded de-
preciation or amortization on the property, plant
and equipment, and intangible assets reported as
discontinued operations. In 2018 and 2017, re-
spectively, a total of $258 million and $265 million
of depreciation and amortization expense was re-
corded for such assets.

Income from discontinued operations excludes
certain costs which were previously allocated to
the Power Grids business as these costs were not
directly attributable to the business. As a result,
$225 million, $297 million and $286 million, for
2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, of allocated
overhead and other management costs (stranded
corporate costs), which were previously able to be
included in the measure of segment profit for the
Power Grids business are now reported as part of
Corporate and Other. In 2019 and 2018, income
from discontinued operations, before taxes, in-
cluded $28 million and $18 million, respectively,
for costs incurred to execute the transaction.

Income from discontinued operations for 2019,
2018 and 2017 included income from operations
of $605 million, $951 million and $1,119 million, re-
spectively. In addition, in 2019, 2018 and 2017 we
recorded $167 million, $228 million and $273 mil-
lion, respectively, as provision for taxes within
discontinued operations.

For additional information on the planned divest-
ment and discontinued operations see “Note 3 —
Basis of presentation and assets held for sale” to
our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Business analysis

Electrification Business

The financial results of our Electrification Busi-
ness, including the operations of GEIS which was
acquired in June 2018, were as follows:

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Net income attributable to ABB

As aresult of the factors discussed above, net in-
come attributable to ABB decreased by $734 mil-
lion to $1,439 million in 2019 compared to 2018,
and decreased by $40 million to $2,173 million in
2018 compared to 2017.

Earnings per share attributable

to ABB shareholders
(in $) 2019 2018 2017
rnings per share
utable to ABB eholders:
Income from continuing
operations, net of tax 0.49 O71 0.67
Income from discontinued
operations, net of tax 0.19 0.31 0.36
Net income 0.67 1.02 1.04
Diluted earnings per s
attributable to ABB
Income from continuing
operations, net of tax 0.49 O71 0.67
Income from discontinued
operations, net of tax 0.19 0.31 0.36
Net income 0.67 1.02 1.03

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing
income by the weighted-average number of
shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earn-
ings per share is calculated by dividing income by
the weighted-average number of shares out-
standing during the year, assuming that all poten-
tially dilutive securities were exercised, if dilutive.
Potentially dilutive securities comprise: outstand-
ing written call options and outstanding options
and shares granted subject to certain conditions
under our share-based payment arrangements.
See “Note 20 - Earnings per share” to our Consoli-
dated Financial Statements.

% Change

($ in millions) 2019 2018 2017 2019 2018
Orders 13,050 11,86710,143 10% 17%
Order backlog at

December 31, 4,488 4,113 3,098 9% 33%
Revenues 12,728 11,68610,094 9% 16%
Income from

operations 1,049 1,290 1,352 (19)%  (5)%
Operational EBITA 1,688 1,626 1,510 4% 8%


--- Page 32 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

Orders

Approximately two-thirds of the Business’s orders
are for products with short delivery times; orders
are usually recorded and delivered within a
three-month period and thus are generally con-
sidered as short-cycle. The remainder of orders is
comprised of smaller projects that require longer
lead times, as well as larger solutions requiring
engineering and installation. Approximately half
of the Business’s orders are received via
third-party distributors; as a consequence,
end-customer market data is based partially on
management estimates.

In 2019, orders increased 10 percent (14 percent in
local currencies) with broad-based growth across
regions and business lines. The increase in orders
was mostly due to acquisitions, primarily as GEIS
was included in 2019 for a full year. The order
growth was driven mainly by systems and
long-cycle businesses, with utilities, oil and gas,
renewables, electric vehicle infrastructure and
data centers demand contributing strongly to the
order intake. Construction demand overall re-
mained positive with signs of easing in some key
markets, particularly in terms of residential devel-
opments. Demand from transport & infrastruc-
ture remained positive with strong demand for
electric vehicle infrastructure and continued in-
vestment in rail infrastructure. Data centers con-
tinued to be an attractive market with key invest-
ments in hyperscale and co-location
developments. The oil and gas and distribution
utilities sectors showed signs of recovery with
large project orders in the second half of the year.

In 2018, orders increased 17 percent (16 percent in
local currencies) with growth across business
lines and regions. The increase in orders was posi-
tively impacted by 12 percent due to acquisitions,
primarily GEIS. Orders for products grew stronger
than the orders for systems. Construction de-
mand was robust, driven by continued investment
in residential and commercial buildings. Trans-
port & infrastructure demand was positive with
continued investment in rail infrastructure and
strong demand for electric vehicles infrastruc-
ture. Demand for data centers was also strong
and resulted in the award of a few significant or-
ders. From an industry perspective, stronger oil
prices earlier in the year contributed to a return to
investment in oil and gas projects. Solar orders
improved slightly from the low levels recorded in
2017.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 117

The geographic distribution of orders for our
Electrification Business was as follows:

(in %) 2019 2018 2017
Europe 33 35 37
The Americas 36 32 27
Asia, Middle East and Africa 31 33 36

Total 100 100 100

In 2019, orders grew in all regions. The relative
share of orders from the Americas increased due
to strong order growth in the United States driven
mainly by the impact of including GEIS for a full
year, which has a significant portion of its opera-
tions in the United States. Although the share of
orders from Europe decreased compared with the
previous year, orders in Europe developed posi-
tively with order growth led by Germany, Nether-
lands and Finland. The relative share of orders
from Asia, Middle East and Africa decreased
slightly compared with 2018, despite an order in-
crease in the region supported by sustained
growth in China and India.

In 2018, orders grew in all regions. The relative
share of orders from the Americas increased due
to strong order growth in the United States fol-
lowing the acquisition of GEIS. Although the share
of orders from Europe decreased slightly com-
pared with the previous year, orders in Europe de-
veloped positively with order growth in key mar-
kets such as Germany and Italy compensating for
lower order volumes in Turkey. Order growth in
Asia, Middle East and Africa was supported by
growth in China, Taiwan and Egypt, whereas or-
ders from Saudi Arabia and Qatar were signifi-
cantly lower than in 2017.

Order backlog

In 2019, the order backlog increased 9 percent

(9 percent in local currencies) mainly reflecting
growth for long-cycle businesses in the Distribu-
tion Solutions business. The majority of this order
backlog is planned to be converted to revenues
during 2020.

In 2018, the order backlog increased 33 percent
(39 percent in local currencies). The acquisition of
the GEIS business contributed 36 percentage
points to the growth of the order backlog. The re-
maining order backlog increase in local currencies
reflected the receipt of orders for electric vehicle
charging infrastructure with deliveries scheduled
to occur after 2018.

Revenues

In 2019, revenues increased 9 percent (12 percent
in local currencies). The inclusion of GEIS for a full
year contributed 10 percentage points of the reve-
nue growth. Revenues in local currencies grew


--- Page 33 ---

118 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

across all business lines, with long-cycle busi-
nesses such as the electric vehicle charging infra-
structure business and Solar growing at a higher
pace than our short-cycle product businesses. Rev-
enues developed positively in most end-customer
sectors, with strong growth in e-mobility, renew-
ables and data centers. Growth in the transporta-
tion sectors was driven particularly by invest-
ments in urban transport. Revenues also grew in
industries such as oil and gas, whereas the con-
struction sector benefited from continued public
investments in hospitals and education facilities.

In 2018, revenues increased by 16 percent (16 per-
cent in local currencies). The acquisition of the
GEIS business contributed 13 percentage points
of the revenue growth. Revenues grew in the
short-cycle low-voltage product businesses, with
growth broad-based across end-customer mar-
kets including construction, specifically
non-residential construction, and industries such
as oil and gas. Revenue growth from the distribu-
tor channel was strong. There was significant rev-
enue growth in our electric vehicle charging infra-
structure business, although the business
remains a small portion of total revenues. Reve-
nues from the medium-voltage systems business
decreased, negatively impacted by longer lead
times for the conversion of orders into revenues.
Revenues decreased in Solar, reflecting a lower
opening order backlog and the impact of contin-
ued price pressure across the Solar business.

The geographic distribution of revenues for our
Electrification Business was as follows:

(in %) 2019 2018 2017
Europe 33 35 37
The Americas 37 32 27
Asia, Middle East and Africa 30 33 36
Total 100 100 100

In 2019, the relative share of revenues from the
Americas increased primarily due to the impact of
the inclusion of GEIS for a full year, which has a sig-
nificant portion of its operations in the United
States. Although the share of revenues from Eu-
rope decreased compared with the previous year,
orders in Europe developed positively supported
by growth in the Netherlands, Switzerland and Ger-
many. Revenues from Asia, Middle East and Africa
decreased compared with 2018 reflecting a lower
level of revenues particularly from South Korea.

In 2018, the relative share of revenues from the
Americas increased primarily due to the impact of
the acquisition of GEIS. Although the relative
share of revenues from Europe decreased, reve-
nues were higher as growth in multiple markets
such as Germany, Switzerland and Netherlands

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

helped offset a lower revenue level from Turkey.
Although the share of revenues from Asia, Middle
East and Africa decreased, revenues for this re-
gion were steady as a positive revenue develop-
ment in China and Egypt offset lower revenue vol-
umes from Saudi Arabia and Qatar.

Income from operations

In 2019, income from operations decreased
19 percent, mainly reflecting a loss of $421 mii
recognized to record the solar inverters business
at fair value. During 2019, we announced an agree-
ment to sell the solar inverters business to FIMER
S.p.A. At December 31, 2019, this business is pre-
sented as held-for-sale and completion of the sale
is expected in the first quarter of 2020. The loss
from this sale was partly offset by gains from
sales of businesses of $42 million. We also recog-
nized a gain of $92 million relating to the receipt
of cash from General Electric for a favorable reso-
lution of an uncertainty with respect to the price
paid to acquire GEIS. In 2019, we had $49 million
lower acquisition-related expenses and
post-acquisition integration costs compared to
2018, whereas restructuring and related expenses
were $14 million higher than the previous year.
Pricing actions across the product businesses
and the benefits from savings from ongoing re-
structuring and cost savings programs had a pos-
itive impact on the operating margin. In addition,
the Business recorded lower warranty costs in the
solar inverters business than in 2018, and also
benefited from slightly lower commodity prices.
These positives were partly offset by pricing pres-
sures in the Distribution Solutions and Solar busi-
nesses. Changes in foreign currencies, including
the impacts from FX/commodity timing differ-
ences summarized in the table below, negatively
affected income from operations by 1 percent.

ion

In 2018, income from operations decreased 5 per-
cent, mainly reflecting a $145 million increase of
acquisition-related expenses and post-acquisition
integration costs compared with 2017, due to the
acquisition of GEIS. Pricing actions across the
product businesses and the benefits from savings
from ongoing restructuring and cost savings pro-
grams had a positive impact on the operating mar-
gin. The Business realized a gain of $81 million on
the sale of a business. These benefits were offset
by the negative impact of higher commodity prices
and pricing pressures for distribution solutions
and Solar. The Business also recorded significant
warranty costs for certain solar inverters. In addi-
tion, restructuring, related and implementation
costs in 2018 of $98 million were $70 million higher
than in 2017, reflecting manufacturing footprint
changes as well as organizational simplification.
Acquisition-related amortization was 8 percent
higher than in 2017, mainly due to the GEIS acquisi-
tion. Changes in foreign currencies, including the


--- Page 34 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

impacts from FX/commodity timing differences
summarized in the table below, negatively affected
income from operations by 2 percent.

Operational EBITA

The reconciliation of Income from operations to
Operational EBITA for the Electrification Business
was as follows:

($ in millions) 2019 2018 2017
Income from operations 1,049 1,290 1,352
Acquisition-related amortization 115 106 98
Restructuring, related and

implementation costs) 112 98 28
Changes in pre-acquisition

estimates 22 19 8
Gains and losses from sale of

businesses (42) (81) -
Fair value adjustment on assets

and liabilities held for sale 421 _ _
Favorable resolution of an

uncertain purchase price

adjustment (92) - -
Acquisition- and

divestment-related expenses

and integration costs 119 168 23
Certain other non-operational

items 3 (2) 21
FX/commodity timing

differences in income from

operations (19) 28 (20)
Operational EBITA 1,688 1,626 1,510

incremental irr
ollar Productivi

In 2019, Operational EBITA increased 4 percent

(8 percent excluding the impacts from changes in
foreign currencies) compared to 2018, primarily
due to the reasons described under “Income from
operations”, excluding the explanations related to
the reconciling items in the table above.

In 2018, Operational EBITA increased 8 percent

(6 percent excluding the impacts from changes in
foreign currencies) compared to 2017, primarily
due to the reasons described under “Income from
operations”, excluding the explanations related to
the reconciling items in the table above.

Industrial Automation Business

The financial results of our Industrial Automation
Business were as follows:

% Change

($ in millions) 2019 2018 2017 2019 2018
Orders 6,432 6,697 6,113 (4)% 10%
Order backlog at

December 31, 5,077 4,986 5,171 2%  (4)%
Revenues 6,273 6,500 6,472 (3)% 0%
Income from

operations 700 853 829 (18)% 3%
Operational EBITA 732-914 902 (20)% 1%

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 119

Orders

Orders in 2019 decreased 4 percent (flat in local
currencies) primarily reflecting the impact of se-
lective large capital expenditure projects in oil
and gas, and mining which continued to be at low
levels. The underlying base business continued to
be strong as investment in maintenance activi-
ties, digitalization upgrades and other discretion-
ary projects improved, in particular for oil and
gas, chemical and process industry customers.
Orders were steady in almost all industries with
the exception of conventional power generation
which was depressed as seen in the order levels
for Energy Industries and Turbocharging.

Orders in 2018 increased 10 percent (8 percent in
local currencies) and was supported by selective
demand for cruise ships and specialty vessels.
Large capital expenditure projects in some
end-markets like oil and gas, and mining contin-
ued to be selective and at low levels. In 2018, de-
mand for Measurement and Analytics products
was quite strong. Demand for ABB Ability™ solu-
tions and services contributed to positive order
momentum.

The geographic distribution of orders for our In-
dustrial Automation Business was as follows:

(in %) 2019 2018 2017
Europe 40 42 40
The Americas 25 23 24
Asia, Middle East and Africa 35 35 36

Total 100 100 100

In 2019, orders decreased slightly in Europe re-
flecting the larger orders in 2018 from the cruise
ship sector and resulted in a reduction in the
share of orders in Europe. The share of orders in
the Americas increased slightly, supported by
positive development in Marine and Ports busi-
ness in the U.S., as well as the Process Industries
business in South America. In Asia, Middle East
and Africa, the share of orders remained stable as
aresult of large capital expenditures for specialty
vessels and strong demand in China.

In 2018, orders from all regions increased. In Eu-
rope, the share of orders increased due to strong
demand for cruise and specialty vessels. Orders in
the Americas grew but the share of orders de-
creased as Europe had significant increases. In
Asia, Middle East and Africa, growth was steady
but lower than the other regions, thus reducing
this region’s share.

Order backlog

The order backlog at the end of 2019 was 2 per-
cent higher (2 percent higher in local currencies)
than at the end of 2018. The backlog continued to


--- Page 35 ---

120 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

benefit from orders for specialty vessels which
are executed over multiple years. In addition, the
Business continued to see recovery in demand for
oil and gas, chemical and the Process Industries
as well as strong demand for shorter cycle prod-
ucts. Demand for conventional power generation
was depressed putting negative pressure on the
positive order backlog development.

The order backlog at the end of 2018 was 4 per-
cent lower (1 percent higher in local currencies)
than at the end of 2017. The local currency in-
crease reflects the benefit from orders for cruise
and specialty vessels which are executed over
multiple years.

Revenues

In 2019, revenues decreased 3 percent (flat in local
currencies). Process Industries realized high reve-
nue levels benefiting from strong book-and-bill
business and good execution of the order back-
log. This was offset by lower revenues across
other businesses predominantly in Energy Indus-
tries and Turbocharging driven by weaknesses in
the conventional power generation market. En-
ergy Industries were also impacted by the
project-related challenges in the Kusile power
generation project in South Africa.

In 2018, revenues were steady (steady in local cur-
rencies). The majority of the business lines re-
corded higher revenues, especially the Process In-
dustries, Measurement and Analytics and
Turbocharging business lines. Revenues were
lower in the Energy Industries business line.
During the year, the Business realized higher reve-
nues from book-and-bill business and good exe-
cution of the backlog. Notwithstanding, the lower
order backlog at the beginning of 2018 dampened
revenue growth.

The geographic distribution of revenues for our
Industrial Automation Business was as follows:

(in %) 2019 2018 2017
Europe 40 39 39
The Americas 25 23 al
Asia, Middle East and Africa 35 38 40

Total 100 100 100

In 2019, revenues were higher in the Americas,
slightly weaker in Europe and grew strongly in
Asia, Middle East and Africa. Despite revenue de-
clines in Europe across most business lines, the
share of revenues in Europe increased slightly. In
the Americas, the share of revenues grew benefit-
ing from strong book-and-bill business and higher
execution from the order backlog compared toa
year ago. Revenues in the U.S. grew primarily on
strong development in Process Industries and

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Marine and Ports. In Asia, Middle East and Africa,
weaker revenues were impacted by slower growth
in Energy Industries and Turbocharging. The Pro-
cess Industries business was lower in China and
South Korea while the Marine and Ports business
declined in the United Arab Emirates. Revenues in
the Energy Industries business were negatively
impacted by project-related challenges in the Ku-
sile power generation project in South Africa.

In 2018, revenues improved in the Americas, bene-
fiting from a selective market recovery in Process
Industries. The share of revenues from Europe
was steady. The Americas increased their share of
revenues benefiting from an upturn in mining as
well as continued demand for Measurement and
Analytics and Turbocharging products. The share
of revenues from Asia, Middle East and Africa was
lower as the region recorded lower revenue
growth compared to the other regions, impacted
by the lower opening backlog and lower
book-and-bill orders.

Income from operations

In 2019, income from operations decreased

18 percent compared to 2018 on weaker sales vol-
umes in the Turbocharging business and losses
resulting from project-related challenges in the
Kusile power generation project in South Africa.
Income from operations was also impacted by le-
gal costs relating to challenges in certain proj-
ects, unfavorable business mix as well as invest-
ments in growth. These impacts could not be
offset by the positive results of ongoing business
rationalization efforts and other cost saving mea-
sures. The impact from changes in foreign curren-
cies, including the impact from changes in the FX/
commodity timing differences summarized in the
table below, negatively impacted income from op-
erations by 2 percent.

In 2018, income from operations increased 3 per-
cent compared to 2017, benefiting from an im-
proved revenue mix, ongoing progress in the Busi-
ness’s rationalization efforts and benefits realized
from cost savings measures, productivity im-
provements and solid project execution. Income
from operations was also higher due to a reduc-
tion of restructuring and restructuring-related ex-
penses compared to 2017. The impact from
changes in foreign currencies, including the im-
pacts from changes in FX/commodity timing dif-
ferences summarized in the table below, nega-
tively impacted income from operations by

4 percent.


--- Page 36 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

Operational EBITA

The reconciliation of Income from operations to
Operational EBITA for the Industrial Automation
Business was as follows:

($ in millions) 2019 2018 2017
Income from operations 700 853829
Acquisition-related amortization 4 6 7
Restructuring, related and

implementation costs) 21 35 85
Gains and losses from sale of

businesses - 3 (2)
Acquisition- and

divestment-related expenses

and integration costs =- 4 9
Certain other non-operational

items 2 3 -
FX/commodity timing

differences in income from

operations 5 10 (26)
Operational EBITA 732-914-902

increme
ar Produ

In 2019, Operational EBITA decreased 20 percent
(18 percent excluding the impacts from changes in
foreign currencies) compared to 2018. The change
is due to the reasons described under “Income
from operations”, excluding the explanations re-
lated to the reconciling items in the table above.

In 2018, Operational EBITA increased 1 percent

(1 percent excluding the impacts from changes in
foreign currencies) compared to 2017. The change
is due to the reasons described under “Income
from operations”, excluding the explanations re-
lated to the reconciling items in the table above.

Motion Business

The financial results of our Motion Business were

as follows:

% Change
($ in millions) 2019 2018 2017 2019 2018
Orders 6,782 6,725 5,966 1% 13%
Order backlog at
December 31, 2,967 2,740 2,674 8% 2%
Revenues 6,533 6,463 5,877 1% 10%

Income from
operations

Operational EBITA

1,009 924 707 9% 31%
1,082 1,023 838 6% 22%

Orders

In 2019, orders increased 1 percent (4 percent in
local currencies). Order growth was driven by in-
creased demand from process industries such as
oil, gas and chemicals as well as rising demand
from transport & infrastructure sectors with rail,
water and waste water, and wind growing
strongly. The Business experienced a slightly
slower demand from traditional heavy industries

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 121

such as mining and metals, minerals, and pulp
and paper.

In 2018, orders increased 13 percent (12 percent in
local currencies). Order growth was driven by de-
mand from process industries such as oil, gas,
mining and metals as well as demand from dis-
crete industries such as food and beverage. The
Business noted rising demand from light indus-
tries for smaller-sized drives and motor solutions
as well as solid significant order intake for trac-
tion solutions from the rail industry.

The geographic distribution of orders for our Mo-
tion Business was as follows:

(in %) 2019 2018 2017
Europe 35 34 33
The Americas 36 37 39
Asia, Middle East and Africa 29 29 28
Total 100 100 100

In 2019, Europe increased its relative share of or-
ders on growth across the main countries includ-
ing Germany, Italy and Spain. The Asia, Middle
East and Africa share remained stable with good
performance in China which was partly offset by
other markets. The Americas share of orders de-
clined as a result of slight decrease of the orders
in the United States.

In 2018, orders grew in all regions. The relative
share of orders from Asia, Middle East and Africa
increased on double-digit growth in China and In-
dia. The European market performed well with or-
der growth across the majority of countries in-
cluding Germany, Italy and Switzerland. The
relative share of orders from the Americas de-
clined despite solid growth in the United States.

Order backlog

The order backlog in 2019 increased 8 percent

(9 percent in local currencies) compared to 2018.
The order backlog increased in all business lines,
reflecting strong long-cycle order growth in 2019.

The order backlog in 2018 increased 2 percent
(7 percent in local currencies) compared to 2017.
The backlog improved in all business lines on
strong order growth in 2018.

Revenues

In 2019, revenues grew 1 percent (4 percent in lo-
cal currencies) compared to 2018. Revenue growth
was driven by Drives while revenues in Motors &
Generators decreased slightly. The revenue in-
crease was driven by strong execution of the or-
der backlog as well as book-and-bill business. Ser-
vice revenues continued to improve as the
Business continued to leverage its installed base


--- Page 37 ---

122 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

and increased customer demand for ABB Ability™
solutions.

In 2018, revenues increased 10 percent (10 percent
in local currencies) compared to 2017. Revenues
grew in all business lines driven by steady execu-
tion of the order backlog as well as book-and-bill
business. Service revenues improved as the Busi-
ness leveraged its installed base with increased
customer demand for ABB Ability™ solutions.

The geographic distribution of revenues for our
Motion Business was as follows:

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

assets were fully amortized in early 2018. These
positive effects were partly offset by the effects
of higher commodity prices and pricing pres-
sures. Changes in foreign currencies, including
the impacts from FX/commodity timing differ-
ences summarized in the table below, positively
impacted income from operations by 2 percent.

Operational EBITA

The reconciliation of Income from operations to
Operational EBITA for the Motion Business was as
follows:

2019 2018 2017

(in %) 2019 2018 2017 _Income from operations 1,009 924 «707
Europe 33 33 33 Acquisition-related amortization 53 61 64
The Americas 36 38 39 Restructuring, related and
Asia, Middle East and Africa 31 29 2g implementation costs a2 v7 63
Total Foo doo doo Gains and losses from sale of

businesses - a=

In 2019, revenue growth in Asia, Middle East and
Africa is reflected in the increase in the relative
share of revenues from this region as revenues
grew in China, India and Japan. The share of reve-
nues from Europe remained stable despite reve-
nue growth across many countries including Ger-
many and France. Revenues from the Americas
declined as revenues were lower in the U.S., lower-
ing the relative market share of the region com-
pared to 2018.

In 2018, revenues were higher in all regions. The rel-
ative share of revenues from Asia, Middle East and
Africa increased on double-digit revenue growth in
China and India. The share of revenues from Europe
remained steady despite revenue growth across the
majority of countries including Germany, Italy and
Switzerland. The relative share of revenues from the
Americas declined despite generating higher reve-
nues including moderate growth in the U.S.

Income from operations

In 2019, income from operations increased 9 per-
cent compared to 2018 driven by higher sales vol-
umes, continued cost discipline and operational
performance. In 2019, the Business also benefited
from lower restructuring and
restructuring-related expenses. Changes in for-
eign currencies, including the impacts from FX/
commodity timing differences summarized in the
table below, negatively impacted income from op-
erations by 3 percent.

In 2018, income from operations increased 31 per-
cent compared to 2017, driven by positive volumes
and continued cost discipline. Restructuring and
restructuring-related expenses were lower in 2018
than in 2017, positively impacting income from
operations. Acquisition-related amortization was
slightly lower as certain acquired intangible

Acquisition- and
divestment-related expenses

and integration costs = 2 =
Certain other non-operational
items 14 10 -

FX/commodity timing
differences in income from
operations ©) 5 4

Operational EBITA 1,082 1,023 838

0) unt in 2017 a

s in relation t

In 2019, Operational EBITA increased 6 percent

(9 percent excluding the impact from changes in
foreign currency exchange rates) primarily due to
the reasons described under “Income from opera-
tions”, excluding the explanations related to the
reconciling items in the table above.

In 2018, Operational EBITA increased 22 percent
(21 percent excluding the impact from changes in
foreign currency exchange rates) primarily due to
the reasons described under “Income from opera-
tions”, excluding the explanations related to the
reconciling items in the table above.

Robotics & Discrete Automation
Business

The financial results of our Robotics & Discrete
Automation Business were as follows:

% Change

($ in millions) 2019 2018 2017 2019 2018
Orders 3,260 3,808 2,977 (14)% 28%
Order backlog at

December 31, 1,356 1,438 1,279 (6)% 12%
Revenues 3,314 3,611 2,957 (8)% 22%
Income from

operations 298 456 387 (35)% 18%
Operational EBITA 393 528 473 (26)% 12%



--- Page 38 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

Orders

In 2019, orders decreased 14 percent (11 percent
in local currencies). Demand was weakened by
headwinds in traditional automotive and
automotive-related sectors as well as in the ma-
chine builders and electronics markets. Demand
for warehouse automation was strong in 2019.
The Business continued to benefit from a large or-
der intake for robot systems from certain parts of
the automotive sector, including for new electric
vehicle manufacturing lines, although on lower
levels than in 2018.

In 2018, orders grew 28 percent (25 percent in lo-
cal currencies), primarily due to the impact of in-
cluding B&R for a full year in 2018 which contrib-
uted 15 percent to order growth. Order growth
was also driven by demand from discrete indus-
tries such as automotive and food and beverage
as well as machine builders. The Business also
benefited from solid order intake for robot sys-
tems from the automotive sector.

The geographic distribution of orders for our Ro-
botics & Discrete Automation Business was as

follows:

(in %) 2019 2018 = 2017
Europe 53 49 45
The Americas 14 13 16
Asia, Middle East and Africa 33 38 39
Total 100 100 100

In 2019, orders decreased in all regions. The rela-
tive share of orders from Asia, Middle East and Af-
rica decreased due to weak demand in China
which then resulted in an increase in the relative
share of orders from both the Americas and
Europe.

In 2018, orders grew in all regions. The relative
share of orders from Europe increased, reflecting
the impact of including B&R for a full year in 2018.
The relative share of orders from Asia, Middle
East and Africa remained steady due to strong
growth in China. The relative share of orders from
the Americas decreased.

Order backlog

The order backlog in 2019 decreased 6 percent

(5 percent in local currencies) compared to 2018.
The backlog decrease reflected the reduced order
intake in all businesses due to a decline in market
demand in 2019.

The order backlog in 2018 increased 12 percent
(18 percent in local currencies) compared to 2017.
The backlog improved in all businesses on strong
order growth in 2018.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 123

Revenues

In 2019, revenues decreased 8 percent (4 percent
in local currencies) compared to 2018. Revenues
decreased in all businesses due to lower volumes
from book-and-bill business, partially offset by
steady execution of the order backlog. Service
revenues decreased, driven by weak demand from
automotive and automotive-related sectors.

In 2018, revenues increased 22 percent (20 per-
cent in local currencies) compared to 2017, par-
tially due to the impact of including B&R for a full
year in 2018 which contributed 14 percent to the
revenue increase. Revenues grew in all businesses
driven by steady execution of the order backlog
as well as book-and-bill business. Service reve-
nues continued to improve as the Business lever-
aged its installed based and increased customer
demand for ABB Ability™ solutions.

The geographic distribution of revenues for our
Robotics & Discrete Automation Business was as

follows:

(in %) 2019 2018 = 2017
Europe 51 49 43
The Americas 14 13 18
Asia, Middle East and Africa 35 38 39

Total 100 100 100

In 2019, revenues decreased in all regions. The rel-
ative share of revenues from Asia, Middle East and
Africa decreased due to weak demand in China
which resulted in a shift in the relative share of
revenues to both the Americas and Europe.

In 2018, revenues were higher in all regions. The
relative share of revenues from Europe increased,
reflecting the impact of including B&R for a full
year in 2018. The relative share of revenues from
Asia, Middle East and Africa remained steady fol-
lowing strong growth in China. The relative share
of revenues from the Americas decreased.

Income from operations

In 2019, income from operations decreased

35 percent compared to 2018, driven by lower
sales volumes, an adverse change in the revenue
mix, partially offset by benefits of cost reduction
measures. Acquisition-related amortization was
slightly lower than 2018. Changes in foreign cur-
rencies, including the impacts from FX/commod-
ity timing differences summarized in the table be-
low, negatively impacted income from operations
by 4 percent.

In 2018, income from operations increased 18 per-
cent compared to 2017. Of this increase, B&R con-
tributed approximately 17 percent which included
both the inclusion of the operations for a full year


--- Page 39 ---

124 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

as well as the negative comparative impact in
2017 of purchase price adjustments (primarily for
inventories) which reduced income in 2017. Re-
structuring and restructuring-related expenses
were slightly higher in 2018 than in 2017, nega-
tively impacting income from operations.
Acquisition-related amortization was higher as
certain acquired intangible assets were fully
amortized in 2017. There was no significant im-
pact on income from operations due to changes
in foreign currencies.

Operational EBITA

The reconciliation of Income from operations to
Operational EBITA for the Robotics & Discrete Au-
tomation Business was as follows:

( ns) 2019 2018 2017
Income from operations 298 456 387
Acquisition-related amortization 77 82 42
Restructuring, related and

implementation costs) 12 4 1
Changes in pre-acquisition

estimates — «ay -
Acquisition- and

divestment-related expenses

and integration costs 1 - 45
Certain other non-operational

items 4 1 1
FX/commodity timing

differences in income from

operations 1 (4) 3)
Operational EBITA 393 528 473

In 2019, Operational EBITA decreased 26 percent
(22 percent excluding the impact from changes in
foreign currency exchange rates) primarily due to
the reasons described under “Income from opera-
tions”, excluding the explanations related to the
reconciling items in the table above.

In 2018, Operational EBITA increased 12 percent
(10 percent excluding the impact from changes in
foreign currency exchange rates) primarily due to
the reasons described under “Income from opera-
tions”, excluding the explanations related to the
reconciling items in the table above. The acquisi-
tion of B&R increased Operational EBITA by 5 per-
cent after consideration of the related adjust-
ments in the table above relating to that business.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Corporate and Other

Net loss from operations for Corporate and Other
was as follows:

($ in millions) 2019 2018 ~—-2017
Corporate headquarters and

stewardship (407) (496) (430)
Stranded corporate costs (225) (297) (286)
Corporate research and

development (155) (170) ~— (128)
Costs for planned divestment of

Power Grids (141) - -
OS program costs (83) (11) -
Corporate real estate 60 75 45
Net gain (loss) from sale of

businesses 13. (47)_~—s250
White Collar Productivity

program costs - — (107)

Other corporate costs (41) (70) (92)

Divested businesses and other
non-core activities (164)

(1,113)

(316) (304)
(1,302) (1,052)

Total Corporate and Other

In 2019, the net loss from operations within Cor-
porate and Other decreased by $189 million to
$1,113 million. This reflected corporate cost de-
creases offset by costs for current strategic proj-
ects while the losses incurred within the non-core
businesses decreased significantly. Costs were
lower for corporate headquarters and steward-
ship costs and corporate research and develop-
ment expenses while the amount recorded for
stranded corporate costs also decreased. In 2019,
we incurred restructuring and implementation
costs for the OS program and also incurred costs
relating to the planned divestment of the Power
Grids business.

In 2018, the net loss from operations within Cor-
porate and Other was $1,302 million compared to
$1,052 million in 2017. The primary reason for the
increase was that 2017 included a significant net
gain on sales of businesses, primarily a gain of
$338 million for the sale of the high-voltage ca-
bles business. In addition, lower White Collar Pro-
ductivity costs were offset by an increase in cor-
porate headquarters and stewardship costs.

In 2019, corporate headquarters and stewardship
costs declined by $89 million to $407 million from
$496 million, benefiting from savings generated
from results of the OS restructuring program ef-
forts. Costs were lower for communications and
information technology and also reflected the
benefits of a reduction in country-level general
management costs. In 2018, corporate headquar-
ters and stewardship costs were $496 million, an
increase of $66 million from 2017. Higher costs
were due to higher costs relating to ABB Digital
and the sponsorship of the ABB FIA Formula E
Championship.


--- Page 40 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

Stranded corporate costs includes the amount of
allocated general and administrative and other
overhead costs previously included in the mea-
sure of segment profit (Operational EBITA) for the
Power Grids business which is presented as dis-
continued operations. These allocated costs do
not qualify for being reported as costs within the
discontinued operation. During 2019, we reduced
the amount of stranded corporate costs by elimi-
nating certain costs and transferring certain pre-
viously centralized functions directly to the Power
Grids business.

At the end of 2018, we announced the OS program
and the implementation of the program in 2019
resulted in higher costs than were incurred in
2018. As of December 31, 2017, we had incurred
substantially all costs related to the White Collar
Productivity program which we executed from
2015 through 2017. In 2017, costs incurred in con-
nection with this program amounted to $107 mil-
lion, including program implementation costs.
The program costs relate mainly to employee sev-
erance and both external and internal costs relat-
ing to the execution of the program. For further
information on the OS Program and the White Col-
lar Productivity program see “Restructuring and
other cost savings initiatives” below.

Corporate real estate primarily includes income
from property rentals and gains from the sale of
real estate properties. In 2019, 2018 and 2017, in-
come from operations in Corporate real estate in-
cluded gains from the sale of real estate proper-
ties of $48 million, $49 million and $28 million,
respectively.

Other corporate costs consist of operational
costs of our Corporate Treasury Operations and
certain other charges such as costs and penalties
associated with legal cases, environmental ex-
penses and impairment charges related to
investments.

Divested businesses and other non-core
activities

The results of operations for certain divested
businesses and other non-core activities are pre-
sented in Corporate and Other. Divested busi-
nesses include the high-voltage cables business,
which was divested in March 2017. Also, certain
EPC contracts relating to the oil and gas industry
were divested to an unconsolidated joint venture
at the end of 2017. In addition, in 2018 and 2019,
we transferred certain projects in our EPC busi-
ness for turnkey electrical AC substations toa
new unconsolidated joint venture, Linxon, which is
controlled by the SNC-Lavalin Group. Other
non-core activities includes amounts relating to
the execution and wind-down of certain legacy
EPC and other contracts.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 125

In 2019, Divested businesses and other non-core
activities reflects challenges in winding down sev-
eral legacy projects as well as charges for certain
retained liabilities of divested businesses. In 2019,
we recorded additional losses for legacy substa-
tions, plant electrification EPC contracts and the
full train retrofit business, which were driven by
additional project cost overruns. We also incurred
certain customer credit-related losses and a con-
tract termination loss resulting from an unfavor-
able legal decision.

In 2018, the amount primarily reflects losses in-
curred in legacy substations and plant electrifica-
tion EPC contracts and were driven by project
cost overruns and contractual costs relating to
delayed project completion. The amount in 2018
also reflects project cost overruns in the full train
retrofit business.

In 2017, the loss includes charges of $94 million re-
corded for certain retained liabilities associated
with the divested cables businesses and losses
for project cost overruns in the full train retrofit
business. In 2017, the amount also includes losses
incurred in legacy substations and plant electrifi-
cation EPC contracts driven by cost overruns,
credit losses and contractual costs for delayed
project completion.

At December 31, 2019, our remaining non-core ac-
tivities primarily include the completion of the re-
maining EPC contracts for substations and plant
electrification and the completion of the remain-
ing obligations for the full train retrofit business.

Restructuring and other cost
savings initiatives

OS program

In December 2018, ABB announced a two-year re-
structuring program with the objective of simpli-
fying its business model and structure through
the implementation of a new organizational struc-
ture driven by its Businesses. The program in-
cludes the elimination of the country and regional
structures within the current matrix organization,
including the elimination of the three regional Ex-
ecutive Committee roles. The Businesses will each
be responsible for both their customer-facing ac-
tivities and business support functions, while the
remaining Group-level corporate activities will
primarily focus on Group strategy, portfolio and
performance management, capital allocation,
core technologies and the ABB Ability™ platform.

Over the course of the program, we will execute a
number of restructuring activities across all oper-
ating segments and functions. The following


--- Page 41 ---

126 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

table outlines the cumulative amount of costs in-
curred to date and the total amount of costs ex-
pected under the program:

Cumulative
costs in-

. Costs curredupto _—‘Total
incurred in™ pecember 31, expected
($inmillions) 2019-2018 2019 costs“
Electrification 18 32 50 80
Industrial
Automation 3 a1 24 40
Motion 6 1 7 50
Robotics &
Discrete
Automation 8 - 8 20
Corporate and
Other 54 rey 65 160

Total 89 65 154 350

By the completion of the program, we estimate

that we will achieve a run-rate cost savings of ap-
proximately $500 million, impacting all Busi-
nesses and Corporate and Other. These cost sav-
ings are expected to mainly impact cost of sales,
selling, general and administrative expenses, and
non-order related research and development ex-
penses, and are planned to be achieved during
2021. In 2019, we achieved cost savings of approx-
imately $160 million in line with the target set for
the program.

For details of the nature of the costs incurred and
the impact on the Consolidated Financial State-
ments, see “Note 22 — Restructuring and related
expenses” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

The majority of the remaining cash payments, pri-
marily for employee severance benefits, are ex-
pected to occur in 2020 and 2021. We expect that
our cash provided by operating activities will be
sufficient to cover any expenditures for this re-
structuring program.

White Collar Productivity program

From September 2015 to December 2017, we exe-
cuted a restructuring program to make ABB
leaner, faster and more customer-focused. The
program involved the rapid expansion and use of
regional shared service centers as well as a
streamlining of global operations and head office
functions, with business units moving closer to
their respective key markets. The program in-
volved various restructuring initiatives across all
operating segments and regions.

The restructuring program resulted in total an-
nual cost savings of $1.2 billion in continuing op-
erations. The savings were realized as reductions

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

in cost of sales, selling, general and administra-
tive expenses and non-order related research and
development expenses.

As of December 31, 2017, we had incurred substan-
tially all costs related to the White Collar Produc-
tivity program.

The following table outlines the costs incurred in
2017 as well as the cumulative amount of costs in-
curred under the program:

Cumulative
costs

Net costs incurred up to

incurredin December 31,

($ in millions) 20170 20170

Electrification (7) 72

Industrial Automation (23) 106

Motion (10) 42
Robotics & Discrete

Automation (4) 14

Corporate and Other (32) 91

Total (86) 325

During the course of the restructuring program,
total expected costs were reduced mainly due to
the realization of significantly higher than origi-
nally expected attrition and internal redeploy-
ment rates. The reductions were made across all
operating Businesses as well as for corporate
functions.

In 2017, a change in estimate of $118 million was
recorded to adjust the amount of our estimated li-
ability for restructuring which was recorded in
2016 and 2015. This change in estimate resulted in
a reduction primarily in cost of sales of $53 million
and in selling, general and administrative ex-
penses of $55 million in the year.

For details of the nature of the costs incurred and
their impact on the Consolidated Financial State-
ments, see ‘‘Note 22 - Restructuring and related
expenses” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Other restructuring-related activities and cost
savings initiatives

In 2019, 2018 and 2017, we also executed other
restructuring-related and cost savings measures
to sustainably reduce our costs and protect our
profitability. Costs associated with these other
measures amounted to $114 million, $116 million
and $181 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017,
respectively.


--- Page 42 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 127

Liquidity and capital resources

Principal sources of funding

We meet our liquidity needs principally using cash
from operations, proceeds from the issuance of
debt instruments (bonds and commercial paper),
and short-term bank borrowings.

During 2019, 2018 and 2017, our financial position
benefited from positive cash flow from operating
activities (both from continuing and discontinued
operations) of $2,325 million, $2,924 million and
$3,799 million, respectively.

Our net debt is shown in the table below:

December 31,

($ in millions) 2019 2018
Short-term debt and current maturities of

long-term debt 2,287 2,031
Long-term debt 6,772 6,587
Cash and equivalents (3,544) (3,445)
Marketable securities and short-term

investments (566) (712)
Net debt (defined as the

sum of the above lines) 4,949 4,461

Net debt at December 31, 2019, increased

$488 million compared to December 31, 2018, as
cash flows from operating activities during 2019
of $2,325 million was more than offset by cash
outflows for the dividend payment to our share-
holders ($1,675 million) and net purchases of
property, plant and equipment and intangible as-
sets ($839 million for both continuing and discon-
tinued operations). We also made payments of
dividends to noncontrolling shareholders totaling
$90 million. In addition, net debt decreased by
$32 million due to movements in foreign exchange
rates. See “Financial position”, “Investing activi-
ties” and “Financing activities” for further details.

Our Corporate Treasury Operations is responsible
for providing a range of treasury management
services to our group companies, including in-
vesting cash in excess of current business require-
ments. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the pro-
portion of our aggregate “Cash and equivalents”
and “Marketable securities and short-term invest-
ments” managed by our Corporate Treasury Oper-
ations amounted to approximately 34 percent and
38 percent, respectively.

Throughout 2019 and 2018, the investment strat-
egy for cash (in excess of current business re-
quirements) has generally been to invest in

short-term time deposits with maturities of less
than 3 months, supplemented at times by invest-
ments in corporate commercial paper, money
market funds, and in some cases, government se-
curities. During 2018 and the first quarter of 2019,
we also continued to place limited funds in con-
nection with reverse repurchase agreements. We
actively monitor credit risk in our investment
portfolio and derivative portfolio. Credit risk ex-
posures are controlled in accordance with policies
approved by our senior management to identify,
measure, monitor and control credit risks. We
have minimum rating requirements for our coun-
terparts and closely monitor developments in the
credit markets making appropriate changes to
our investment policy as deemed necessary. In ad-
dition to minimum rating criteria, we have strict
investment parameters and specific approved in-
struments as well as restrictions on the types of
investments we make. These parameters are
closely monitored on an ongoing basis and
amended as we consider necessary.

Our cash is held in various currencies around the
world. Approximately 22 percent of our cash and
cash equivalents held at December 31, 2019, was
in U.S. dollars, while other significant amounts
were held in Chinese renminbi (24 percent), euro
(15 percent) and Indian rupee (8 percent).

We believe the cash flows generated from our
business, supplemented, when necessary,
through access to the capital markets (including
short-term commercial paper) and our credit facil-
ities are sufficient to support business opera-
tions, capital expenditures, business acquisitions,
the payment of dividends to shareholders and
contributions to pension plans. Consequently, we
believe that our ability to obtain funding from
these sources will continue to provide the cash
flows necessary to satisfy our working capital and
capital expenditure requirements, as well as meet
our debt repayments and other financial commit-
ments for the next 12 months. See “Disclosures
about contractual obligations and commitments”.

Due to the nature of our operations, including the
timing of annual incentive payments to employ-
ees, our cash flow from operations generally
tends to be weaker in the first half of the year
than in the second half of the year.


--- Page 43 ---

128 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

Debt and interest rates

Total outstanding debt was as follows:

December 31,

($ in millions) 2019 2018
Short-term debt and current maturities of
long-term debt 2,287 2,031
Long-term debt:
Bonds 6,587 6,411
Other long-term debt 185 176
Total debt 9,059 8,618

The increase in short-term debt in 2019 was due
to the reclassification to short-term of the

USD 300 million 2.8% Notes, the issuance of

EUR 1,000 million floating rate notes, an increase
in outstanding commercial paper of $244 million
mostly offset by the repayment at maturity of the
EUR 1,250 million 2.625% instruments. Commer-
cial paper outstanding was $706 million at De-
cember 31, 2019, compared to $464 million out-
standing at December 31, 2018.

At December 31, 2019, Long-term debt increased
$185 million compared to the end of 2018 due pri-
marily to the issuance in 2019 of two new
long-term notes with net proceeds totaling

$449 million partially offset by the reclassifica-
tion to short-term debt of the USD 300 million
notes discussed above.

Our debt has been obtained in a range of curren-
cies and maturities and with various interest rate
terms. For certain of our debt obligations, we use
derivatives to manage the fixed interest rate ex-
posure. For example, we use interest rate swaps
to effectively convert fixed rate debt into floating
rate liabilities. After considering the effects of in-
terest rate swaps, at December 31, 2019, the ef-
fective average interest rate on our floating rate
long-term debt (including current maturities) of
$2,221 million and our fixed rate long-term debt
(including current maturities) of $6,000 million
was 1.1 percent and 2.4 percent, respectively. This
compares with an effective rate of 1.1 percent for
floating rate long-term debt of $3,106 million and
3.6 percent for fixed rate long-term debt of
$4,951 million at December 31, 2018.

For a discussion of our use of derivatives to mod-
ify the interest characteristics of certain of our in-
dividual bond issuances, see “Note 12 - Debt” to
our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Credit facility

In December 2019, we replaced our $2 billion mul-
ticurrency revolving credit facility, maturing in

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

2021, with a new $2 billion multicurrency revolving
credit facility, maturing in 2024. In 2020 and 2021,
we have the option to extend the maturity of the
new facility to 2025 and 2026, respectively.

No amount was drawn under either of the com-
mitted credit facilities at December 31, 2019 and
2018. The replacement facility is for general cor-
porate purposes and contains cross-default
clauses whereby an event of default would occur if
we were to default on indebtedness, as defined in
the facility, at or above a specified threshold.

The credit facility does not contain financial cove-
nants that would restrict our ability to pay divi-
dends or raise additional funds in the capital mar-
kets. For further details of the credit facility, see
“Note 12 - Debt” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Commercial paper

At December 31, 2019, we had two commercial pa-
per programs in place:

+ a $2 billion commercial paper program for the
private placement of U.S. dollar denominated
commercial paper in the United States, and

+ a $2 billion Euro-commercial paper program for
the issuance of commercial paper in a variety of
currencies.

At December 31, 2019, $706 million was outstand-
ing under the $2 billion program in the United
States, compared to $292 million outstanding at
December 31, 2018.

At December 31, 2019, no amount was outstand-
ing under the $2 billion Euro-commercial paper
program compared to $172 million outstanding at
December 31, 2018.

European program for the
issuance of debt

The European program for the issuance of debt
allows the issuance of up to the equivalent of

$8 billion in certain debt instruments. The terms
of the program do not obligate any third party to
extend credit to us and the terms and possibility
of issuing any debt under the program are deter-
mined with respect to, and as of the date of issu-
ance of, each debt instrument. During 2017, we is-
sued EUR 750 million 0.75% Notes, due 2024. At
December 31, 2019, two bonds (principal amount
of EUR 700 million, due in 2023 and principal
amount of EUR 750 million, due in 2024) having a
combined carrying amount of $1,658 million, were


--- Page 44 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

outstanding under the program. At December 31,
2018, in addition to these two bonds, one addi-
tional bond (principal amount of EUR 1,250 mil-
lion due in 2019) was outstanding and the com-
bined carrying amount of the three bonds was
$3,100 million.

Credit ratings

Credit ratings are assessments by the rating
agencies of the credit risk associated with ABB
and are based on information provided by us or
other sources that the rating agencies consider
reliable. Higher ratings generally result in lower
borrowing costs and increased access to capital
markets. Our ratings are of “investment grade”
which is defined as Baa3 (or above) from Moody’s
and BBB- (or above) from Standard & Poor’s.

At both December 31, 2019 and 2018, our

long-term debt was rated A2 by Moody’s and A by
Standard & Poor's.

Limitations on transfers of
funds

Currency and other local regulatory limitations re-
lated to the transfer of funds exist in a number of
countries where we operate, including: China,

Financial position

Balance sheets

December 31,

($ in millions) 2019 2018 +=%Change
Current assets

Cash and equivalents 3,544 3,445 3%
Marketable securities

and short-term investments 566 712 (21)%
Receivables, net 6,434 6,386 1%
Contract assets 1,025 1,082 (5)%
Inventories, net 4,184 4,284 (2%
Prepaid expenses 191 176 9%
Other current assets 674 616 9%
Assets held for sale and in

discontinued operations 9,840 5,164 91%
Total current assets 26,458 21,865 21%

For a discussion on Cash and equivalents, see sec-
tions “Liquidity and Capital Resources - Principal

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 129

Egypt, India, Malaysia, Russian Federation, South
Africa, South Korea, Taiwan (Chinese Taipei), Thai-
land, Turkey and Viet Nam. Funds, other than reg-
ular dividends, fees or loan repayments, cannot
be readily transferred offshore from these coun-
tries and are therefore deposited and used for
working capital needs in those countries. In addi-
tion, there are certain countries where, for tax
reasons, it is not considered optimal to transfer
the cash offshore. As a consequence, these funds
are not available within our Corporate Treasury
Operations to meet short-term cash obligations
outside the relevant country. The above described
funds are reported as cash in our Consolidated
Balance Sheets, but we do not consider these
funds immediately available for the repayment of
debt outside the respective countries where the
cash is situated, including those described above.
At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the balance of
“Cash and equivalents” and “Marketable securi-
ties and other short-term investments” under
such limitations (either regulatory or sub-optimal
from a tax perspective) totaled approximately
$1,843 million and $1,796 million, respectively.

During 2019, we continued to direct our subsidiar-
ies in countries with restrictions to place such
cash with our core banks or investment grade
banks, in order to minimize credit risk on such
cash positions. We continue to closely monitor
the situation to ensure bank counterparty risks
are minimized.

sources of funding” and “Cash flows” for further
details.

Marketable securities and short-term investments
decreased in 2019. The reduction primarily re-
flects lower amounts placed in reverse repurchase
agreements (see “Note 5 - Cash and equivalents,
marketable securities and short-term invest-
ments” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements).

Contract assets decreased 5 percent (4 percent in
local currencies). The decrease reflects lower
amounts in the non-core businesses and the Ro-
botics & Discrete Automation Business. This was
partially offset by higher levels in the Industrial
Automation Business.

Inventories, net, decreased 2 percent (1 percent in
local currencies). The decrease primarily reflects


--- Page 45 ---

130 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

the impact of the reclassification to held for sale
of the inventory in the solar inverters business
which decreased inventory by 3 percent.

Current assets held for sale and in discontin-
ued operations increased to $9,840 million
from $5,164 million due to the reclassification
from non-current assets to current assets of
the non-current assets in the Power Grids busi-
ness, which is reported as discontinued opera-
tions. This reclassification reflects that this
business is expected to be divested within the
next 12 months. For the details of the assets of
the Power Grids business see “Note 3 - Basis of
presentation and assets held for sale” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

December 31,

($ in millions) 2019 2018 +~=% Change
Current liabilities

Accounts payable, trade 4,353 4,424 (2)%
Contract liabilities 1,719 1,707 1%
Short-term debt and current

maturities of long-term debt 2,287 2,031 13%
Current operating leases 305 - na.
Provisions for warranties 816 948 (14)%
Other provisions 1,375 1,372 0%
Other current liabilities 3,761 3,780 (1%
Liabilities held for sale and

indiscontinued operations 5,650 4,185 35%
Total current liabilities 20,266 18,447 10%

Accounts payable, trade, decreased 2 percent

(1 percent in local currencies) primarily reflecting
the impact of reclassifying payables of the solar
inverters business to liabilities held for sale, which
decreased Accounts payable, trade, by 2 percent.

The increase in Short-term debt and current matur-
ities of long-term debt was primarily due a net in-
crease in the balance for the U.S. and Euro commer-
cial paper programs of $242 million, the amount
outstanding for the newly-issued EUR 1,000 million
floating-rate notes of $1,122 million and the reclas-
sification to short-term debt and current matur-
ities of long-term debt of the USD 300 million
Notes. This was mostly offset by the repayment in
2019 of the EUR 1,250 million Instruments

($1,431 million at December 31, 2018).

Current operating leases includes the portion of
the operating lease liabilities that are due to be
paid in the next 12 months. The amount in 2019 re-
flects the adoption of a new accounting standard
on leases. For a description of the adoption of the
new accounting standard and summary of operat-
ing lease liabilities, see “Note 2 - Significant ac-
counting policies” and “Note 14 - Leases” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Provisions for warranties decreased 14 percent
(13 percent in local currencies). The decrease was
mainly due to the reclassification of the solar in-
verters business to held for sale which resulted in
a decrease of 11 percent. The remaining decrease
was due to cash payments for warranties exceed-
ing the expense recognized in the period. For de-
tails on the change in the Provision for warranties,
see “Note 15 - Commitments and contingencies”
to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Current liabilities held for sale and in discontinued
operations increased to $5,650 million from
$4,185 million due to the reclassification from
non-current liabilities to current liabilities of the
non-current liabilities in the Power Grids busi-
ness, which is reported as discontinued opera-
tions. For the details of the liabilities of the Power
Grids business see “Note 3 - Basis of presentation
and assets held for sale” to our Consolidated Fi-
nancial Statements.

December 31,

($ in millions) 2019 2018 +%Change
Non-current assets

Property, plant and

equipment, net 3,972 4,133 (4)%
Operating lease

right-of-use assets 994 - na.
Goodwill 10,825 10,764 1%
Other intangibleassets,net 2,252 2,607 (14)%
Prepaid pension

and other employee benefits 133 83 60%
Investments in equity-

accounted companies 33 87 (62)%
Deferred taxes 910 1,006 (10)%
Other non-current assets 531 469 13%
Assets held for sale and in

discontinued operations — 3,427 na.
Total non-current assets 19,650 22,576 (13)%

In 2019, Property, plant and equipment, net de-
creased 4 percent (3 percent in local currencies)
partly due to the reclassification of the assets of
the solar inverters business to held for sale.

In 2019, Goodwill increased 1 percent (1 percent in
local currencies). The local increase was due to ad-
justments recorded to the purchase price of GEIS

before the end of the measurement period.

Other intangible assets, net decreased 14 percent
(14 percent in local currencies) due to the amorti-
zation recorded during the year. For additional in-
formation on goodwill and other intangible assets
see “Note 11- Goodwill and other intangibles as-
sets” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

In 2019, Deferred taxes, decreased 10 percent

(7 percent in local currencies). For details on de-
ferred tax assets (see “Note 16 —- Income taxes” to
our Consolidated Financial Statements).


--- Page 46 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

December 31,

($ in millions) 2019 2018 +% Change
Non-current liabilities

Long-term debt 6,772 6,587 3%
Non-current

operating leases 717 - naa.
Pension and other employee

benefits 1,793 1,828 (2)%
Deferred taxes 911 927 (2%
Other non-current liabilities 1,669 1,689 (1)%
Liabilities held for sale and

in discontinued operations — 429 naa.
Total non-current liabilities 11,862 11,460 4%

Long-term debt increased 3 percent. During 2019,
we issued two CHF-denominated bonds having a
value of $463 million at December 31, 2019. This
was mostly offset by the reclassification to
Short-term debt and current maturities of
long-term debt of the USD 300 million Notes.
There were no significant impacts from changes
in foreign currency rates on Long-term debt. For
additional information on Long-term debt, see
“Liquidity and Capital Resources — Debt and inter-
est rates”.

Non-current operating leases includes the portion
of the operating lease liabilities that are due to be
paid in more than 12 months. The amount in 2019
reflects the adoption of a new accounting stan-
dard on leases as described above.

For a breakdown of Other non-current liabilities,
see “Note 13 - Other provisions, other current lia-
bilities and other non-current liabilities” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Cash flows

The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are
shown ona continuing operations basis, with the
effects of discontinued operations shown in ag-
gregate for each major cash flow activity.

The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows can
be summarized as follows:

($ in millions) 2019 2018 2017
Net cash provided by operating

activities 2,325 2,924 3,799
Net cash used in investing

activities (815) (3,085) (1,450)
Net cash used in financing

activities (1,383) (789) (1,735)
Effects of exchange rate changes

on cash and equivalents (28) (131) 268
Net change in cash

and equivalents 99 (1,081) 882

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 131

Operating activities

2019 2018 2017
Net income 1,528 2,298 2,365
Less: Income from discontinued

operations, net of tax (438) (723) | (846)
Depreciation and amortization 961 916 836
Total adjustments to reconcile

net income to net cash provided

by operating activities

(excluding depreciation and

amortization) 220 (189) (406)
Total changes in operating

assets and liabilities (372) 50639
Net cash provided by

operating activities -

continuing operations 1,899 2,352 2,588
Net cash provided by

operating activities -

discontinued operations 426 572 1,211

Cash flows from operating activities of continu-
ing operations in 2019 provided net cash of
$1,899 million, a decrease of 19 percent from 2018
mainly due to a lower cash effective net income
(net income adjusted for depreciation, amortiza-
tion and other non-cash items) which includes the
impacts of the costs associated with the planned
divestment of the Power Grids business as well as
the OS restructuring program. The amount in
2019 also includes the impacts of net cash out-
flows for an increase in working capital. The
higher amount in 2018 also reflected the impacts
from extending payment terms with suppliers and
the changes in our supplier payment process,
which resulted in an increase in trade payables
and this impact was not repeated in 2019. The
cash flows from operating activities in 2019 was
also lower due to the timing of cash payments for
accrued liabilities. This was partially offset by
more favorable timing of income tax payments
which negatively impacted cash flows from oper-
ating activities in 2018.

Cash flows from operating activities of continu-
ing operations in 2018 provided net cash of
$2,352 million, a decrease of 9 percent from 2017
as higher cash effective net income was offset by
a lower improvement in working capital. Cash
flow impacts from changes in working capital
showed the impact of extending payment terms
with suppliers and the changes in our supplier
payment process. Payables and inventory also in-
creased due to higher inventories to support
growth. In addition, the timing of tax payments,
including income taxes and value-added taxes,
negatively impacted cash provided by operating
activities.

Cash flows from operating activities of discontin-
ued operations in 2019 decreased to $426 million
from $572 million in 2018. The primary reason was
lower net income from discontinued operations in
2019, mostly offset by more favorable changes in


--- Page 47 ---

132 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

working capital in 2019 compared to 2018, includ-
ing the impacts in 2018 of the timing of cash col-
lections on large projects and other receivables.
Cash flows from operating activities of discontin-
ued operations in 2018 decreased to $572 million
from $1,211 million in 2017. The primary reason
was lower net income from discontinued opera-
tions as well as negative impacts from the timing
of cash collections on large projects and other re-
ceivables. The amount reported for cash flows
from operating activities of discontinued opera-
tions benefits directly from the allocation of
stranded costs to continuing operations.

Investing activities

($ in millions) 2019 2018 2017
Purchases of investments (748) (322) (666)
Purchases of property, plant and

equipment and intangible assets (762) (772) (752)
Acquisition of businesses (net of

cash acquired) and increases in

cost- and equity-accounted

companies (22) (2,664) (2,011)
Proceeds from sales of

investments 749° «567 1,443
Proceeds from maturity of

investments 80 160 100
Proceeds from sales of property,

plant and equipment 82 72 61
Proceeds from sales of

businesses (net of transaction

costs and cash disposed) and

cost- and equity-accounted

companies 69 113° 607
Net cash from settlement of

foreign currency derivatives (76) (30) 63
Other investing activities (23) (32) 37
Net cash used in investing

activities - continuing

operations (651) (2,908) (1,118)

Net cash used in investing
activities - discontinued

operations (164) (177) (332)

Net cash used in investing activities for continu-
ing operations in 2019 was $651 million, com-
pared to $2,908 million in 2018. The decrease in
2019 was due to the higher amounts for acquisi-
tions of businesses in 2018 (primarily GEIS). This
was offset partially by lower net sales of market-
able securities and short-term investments and
slightly lower purchases of property, plant and
equipment in 2019 compared to 2018.

Net cash used in investing activities for continu-
ing operations in 2018 was $2,908 million, com-
pared to $1,118 million in 2017. The amount in 2018
reflects the higher amounts used to fund acquisi-
tions of businesses. In addition, cash used in in-
vesting activities was higher in 2018 as 2017 in-
cluded the positive cash flows resulting from
reducing investments in marketable securities
and short-term investments. Purchases of prop-
erty, plant and equipment and intangible assets

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

were slightly higher in 2018 with higher spending
on information technology as well as large invest-
ments in the U.S. and China. We also had higher
capital expenditures in Austria with large invest-
ments in the B&R business. In addition, changes in
the impacts from derivative cash flows classified
as investing activities increased cash used in in-
vesting activities by $93 million. These cash flows
primarily result from the maturity and settlement
of derivatives that are in place to hedge foreign
currency exposures on internal subsidiary funding
and the amount of the settlement results from
movements in foreign currency exchange rates
throughout the year.

The following presents purchases of property,
plant and equipment and intangibles by signifi-
cant asset category:

($ in millions) 2019 2018 += 2017
Construction in progress 536 523 520
Purchase of machinery and

equipment 156 152.125
Purchase of land and buildings 26 28 32
Purchase of intangible assets 44 69 75
Purchases of property,

plant and equipment and

intangible assets 762 772 752

In 2019, we reduced the level of our excess liquid-
ity invested in marketable securities and
short-term investments with net cash inflows of
$81 million. In 2018 and 2017, we decreased the
amount of our excess liquidity invested in market-
able securities and short-term investments as
funds were needed for acquisitions of businesses.
In 2018 and 2017, the net decrease in investments
during the year resulted in inflows of $405 million
and $877 million, respectively. Marketable securi-
ties and short-term investments at December 31,
2019 and 2018, consisted primarily of money mar-
ket funds, and U.S. Government and other corpo-
rate bonds. The balance at December 31, 2018,
also included amounts placed in reverse repur-
chase agreements.

In 2019, there were no significant business acqui-
sitions or divestments while in 2018, acquisitions
of businesses primarily represents the purchase
of GEIS, which was acquired in June. In 2017, ac-
quisitions of businesses primarily represents the
purchase of B&R, which was acquired in July, while
proceeds from sales of businesses primarily rep-
resents the divestment of the high-voltage cables
and cable accessories businesses.

Cash used in investing activities from discontin-
ued operations primarily represents net pur-
chases of property, plant and equipment. The
higher amount in 2017 was due to cash paid for
acquisition of a business.


--- Page 48 ---

ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

Financing activities

($ in millions) 2019 2018 2017
Net changes in debt with
maturities of 90 days or less 164 221204
Increase in debt 2,406 1,914 920
Repayment of debt (2,156) (830) (1,000)
Delivery of shares 10 42 163
Purchase of treasury stock — (250) (251)
Dividends paid (1,675) (1,717) (1,635)
Dividends paid to noncontrolling
shareholders (90) (86)_— (83)
Other financing activities 13 (35) ©)
Net cash used in financing

ies - continuing
operations (1,328) (741) (1,688)
Net cash used in financing

ies - discontinued
operations (55) (48) ~—(47)

Our financing cash flow activities primarily in-
clude debt transactions (both from the issuance
of debt securities and borrowings directly from
banks), share transactions and payments of dis-
tributions to controlling and noncontrolling
shareholders. Net cash used in financing activi-
ties for discontinued operations represents pri-
marily distributions paid to noncontrolling share-
holders of certain subsidiaries classified in
discontinued operations.

In 2019, 2018 and 2017, the net inflow for debt
with maturities of 90 days or less related primar-
ily to net increases of commercial paper
borrowings.

In 2019, the increase in debt was due primarily to
the issuance of the following: CHF 280 million 0.3%
Notes due 2024, CHF 170 million 1.0% Notes due
2029 and EUR 1,000 million floating rate notes due
2020. In 2018, the increase in debt was due primar-
ily to the issuance of the following: USD 300 million
2.8% Notes due 2020, USD 450 million 3.375%
Notes due 2023 and USD 750 million 3.8% Notes
due 2028. In 2019 and 2018, the increase also in-
cluded $774 million and $316 million, respectively,
for commercial paper borrowings having an origi-
nal maturity of more than 90 days. In 2017, the in-
crease in debt was due primarily to the issuance of
our EUR 750 million 0.75% Notes due 2024.

During 2019, $2,156 million of debt was repaid,
reflecting primarily the repayment at maturity
of the EUR 1,250 million 2.625% Instruments as
well as repayments at maturity of $606 million in
commercial paper borrowings having an original
maturity of more than 90 days. During 2018,

the CHF 350 million 1.50% bonds (equivalent

to $350 million on the date of repayment) were
repaid as well as repayments at maturity of

$316 million in commercial paper borrowings.
During 2017, $1,000 million of debt was repaid,
reflecting primarily the repayment at maturity of

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 133

both the USD 500 million 1.625% Notes and the
AUD 400 million 4.25% Notes (in total equivalent
to $803 million at dates of repayment).

In 2018 and 2017, “Purchase of treasury stock” re-
flects the cash paid to purchase 10 million of our
own shares on the open market in each period.

Disclosures about contractual
obligations and commitments

The contractual obligations presented in the table
below represent our estimates of future pay-
ments under fixed contractual obligations and
commitments. These amounts may differ from
those reported in our Consolidated Balance Sheet
at December 31, 2019. Changes in our business
needs, cancellation provisions and changes in in-
terest rates, as well as actions by third parties
and other factors, may cause these estimates to
change. Therefore, our actual payments in future
periods may vary from those presented below.
The following table summarizes certain of our
contractual obligations and principal and interest
payments under our debt instruments, leases and
purchase obligations at December 31, 2019:

Less More
than 1-3 3-5 than

($in lyear years years Syears

ns) Total

Payments due
Long-term
debt
obligations
Interest
payments
related to
long-term debt
obligations
Operating
lease
obligations“)
Finance lease

by period

8019 1,433 2,532 2,373 1,681

1,952 179 343 199 1,231

1,125 308 377 209 231

obligations) 233 37 66 46 84
Purchase
obligations 2,380 2,043 332 5 _

In the table above, the long-term debt obligations
reflect the cash amounts to be repaid upon matu-
rity of those debt obligations. The cash obliga-
tions above will differ from the long-term debt
balance reflected in “Note 12 —- Debt” to our Con-

solidated Financial Statements due to the im-
pacts of fair value hedge accounting adjustments
and premiums or discounts on certain debt. In


--- Page 49 ---

134 ABB ANNUAL REPORT 2019

addition, finance lease obligations are shown sep-
arately in the table above while they are combined
with long-term debt amounts in our Consolidated
Balance Sheets.

We have determined the interest payments re-
lated to long-term debt obligations by reference
to the payments due under the terms of our debt
obligations at the time such obligations were in-
curred. However, we use interest rate swaps to
modify the interest characteristics of certain of
our debt obligations. The net effect of these
swaps may be to increase or decrease the actual
amount of our cash interest payment obligations,
which may differ from those stated in the above
table. For further details on our debt obligations
and the related hedges, see “Note 12 - Debt” to
our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Of the total of $1,294 million unrecognized tax
benefits (net of deferred tax assets) at Decem-
ber 31, 2019, it is expected that $76 million will be
paid within less than a year. However, we cannot
make a reasonably reliable estimate as to the re-
lated future payments for the remaining amount.

Off-balance sheet arrangements

Commercial commitments

We disclose the maximum potential exposure of
certain guarantees, as well as possible recourse
provisions that may allow us to recover from third
parties amounts paid out under such guarantees.
The maximum potential exposure does not allow
any discounting of our assessment of actual expo-
sure under the guarantees. The information below
reflects our maximum potential exposure under
the guarantees, which is higher than our assess-
ment of the expected exposure.

Guarantees

The following table provides quantitative data
regarding our third-party guarantees. The maxi-
mum potential payments represent a worst-case

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

scenario, and do not reflect our expected
outcomes.

Maximum

potential

payments)
December 31, ($ in millions) 2019 2018
Performance guarantees 1,860 1,584
Financial guarantees 10 10
Indemnification guarantees 64 64
Total 1,934 1,658

The carrying amounts of liabilities recorded in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets in respect of the
above guarantees were not significant at Decem-
ber 31, 2019 and 2018, and reflect our best esti-
mate of future payments, which we may incur as
part of fulfilling our guarantee obligations.

In addition, in the normal course of bidding for
and executing certain projects, we have entered
into standby letters of credit, bid/performance
bonds and surety bonds (collectively “perfor-
mance bonds”) with various financial institutions.
Customers can draw on such performance bonds
in the event that ABB does not fulfill its contrac-
tual obligations. ABB would then have an obliga-
tion to reimburse the financial institution for
amounts paid under the performance bonds. At
December 31, 2019 and 2018, the total outstand-
ing performance bonds aggregated to $6.8 billion
and $7.4 billion, respectively, of which $3.7 billion
and $4.3 billion, respectively, relate to discontin-
ued operations. There have been no significant
amounts reimbursed to financial institutions un-
der these types of arrangements in 2019, 2018
and 2017.

For additional descriptions of our performance,
financial and indemnification guarantees see
“Note 15 - Commitments and contingencies” to
our Consolidated Financial Statements.


--- Page 50 ---

Consolidated
Financial
Statements
_of ABB Group

