

--- Page 1 ---

Who we are

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2019
WHO WE ARE

Schibsted is an international family of digital consumer brands with more than 5,000 employees. We
have world-class media houses in Scandinavia, leading marketplaces and digital services that empower
consumers. Millions of people interact with Schibsted companies every day.

What we do

Our corporate social responsibility is closely linked to our mission
of “Empowering people in their daily lives”, our values and our
core business. We believe that we, together with our users, can
contribute to a more sustainable society in what we do every day.

e We empower people by providing transparent and secure
marketplaces.

¢ We empower them by creating services that provide them with
better deals.

e We empower them by defending freedom of the press and
editorial integrity.

Nordic Marketplaces

Connecting millions of buyers and sellers every month, we provide
leading online marketplaces in the Nordics. Our digital
marketplaces Finn, Blocket and Tori help people buy and sell new
and old things.

News Media

As the largest media group in Scandinavia, our world-class media
houses continue to shape the media landscape of today - and
tomorrow. In Scandinavia, our media houses such as VG,
Aftenposten, Bergens Tidende, Aftonbladet and Svenska
Dagbladet keep people informed and updated on important issues
in society.

We believe that the secret to our users’ engagement lies in truly
understanding their future needs. This means that we need to
know what kind of tools and services people really want and need
to make their life easier. We express these ambitions in our mission
and our vision. This guides everything we do from our R&D, to new
business ventures, recruitment policy and running our everyday
business.

Next

Within Next we drive growth and create value for Schibsted’s
customers and users. Our four areas Growth, Financial Services,
Next Media and Distribution, will secure that innovation prevails as
part of Schibsted’s DNA.

Adevinta

Adevinta is a global online classifieds specialist, operating digital
marketplaces in 16 countries in Europe, Latin America and North
Africa. The leading local brands include leboncoin in France,
InfoJobs and Fotocasa in Spain, Subito in Italy and Jofogas in
Hungary, among many others. Schibsted owns 59.3 percent of the
shares in the public limited liability company Adevinta ASA.

Schibsted

We rely on our core values
Four statements guide us on a daily basis:

We have integrity: Our company is based on a long tradition of
independent news, information and transparent marketplaces.
Trustworthiness and quality are absolutely essential - people must
be able to trust all our products and services.

We are innovative: We embrace innovation, it’s at our core. We
always put users’ needs first - we go the extra mile. Innovation can
be anything from a brilliant new concept to a minor, but no less
important, improvement in how we do things.

We are a team: We believe in a friendly and open attitude. We also
believe in the strength of people and competencies coming together
to achieve something great. The companies in our group can reach
far better results together than alone.

We are here to win: We must always strive to be better than our
competitors at understanding our customers and markets - that’s
the key to our continued success.



--- Page 2 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2019
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO

Building on the value of data and sustainability

If | were to summarize 2019 in two words, they would be ‘data’ and ‘sustainability’. That is good news for
Schibsted, as both data and sustainability are core building blocks of our business model.

The value of data

In 2019 it has become evident even outside the world of tech, that
data is the world’s fundamental driver of growth, product
development and value creation. The largest businesses in the
world are platform companies, and the most used products in the
world are their services based on personal data.

For Schibsted, the value of data is all about delivering better
products to our users and customers. When our digital
marketplaces know what you are looking for, they can connect you
with the right job, the right house, the right car or the right
commodity at the right price. When our media houses know what
you like to and want to read, they can give you personalized and
more relevant news - and even use data to avoid echo chambers.
When our other consumer brands know more about you and your
preferences, they can provide you with digital services that save
both you and society time, money and resources. Our future
success will be determined by our ability to collect, catalogue and
capitalize on data.

The value of sustainability

2019 has also highlighted the value of sustainability. Sustainability
can no longer be written off as a mere lifestyle choice among
consumers, or a legal commitment among governments.
Environmental and social sustainability are increasingly integral
parts of a business’ financial sustainability. Sustainability earns
you the right to play.

For Schibsted, sustainability is at the very core of our business
model. Whether it is fostering democracy through quality
journalism, letting people make better choices by increasing
market transparency or making vast contributions to the circular
economy through our marketplaces - all our brands are committed
to sustainability, and to our mission of empowering people in their
daily lives.

Going for growth

Going forward, Schibsted will build on the value of data and the
value of sustainability. While 2019 was a year for re-establishing
Schibsted after the Adevinta demerger - focusing on the
fundamentals and the organization - 2020 was meant to be a year
for further exploration. The effects of the global Corona pandemic,
however, will have a significant impact on our priorities for 2020.
Long term, Schibsted will continue to go for growth based on our
unique position in the Nordics and our cross-divisional synergies —
while also defending our proven financial performance and our
track record in incubating growth businesses. In order to do that,
Schibsted will have to be a unifying foundation for our brands -
making sure that what we do matters - both for our financial
performance and for society.

The Corona pandemic

During February and March 2020, it became clear that the Corona
pandemic will have a severe effect on society at large, in the
Nordics and throughout the rest of the world.

Consequently, Schibsted is refocusing our priorities and resources
to manage the significant negative financial and operational
effects of the dramatic measures imposed upon society to reduce
the spread and health effects of the coronavirus.

Through its strong media positions in Norway and Sweden,
Schibsted plays a vital role in times of crisis. Delivering on that role
is our highest priority.

Schibsted has solid financials and highly competent employees
and is well positioned to navigate steadily through the turbulent

times ahead, also being prepared to find the extraordinary value
creating opportunities that often arise when in difficult times.

- Kristin Skogen Lund
CEO of Schibsted

Schibsted


--- Page 3 ---

Board of Directors’ report

1 i

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2019
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Schibsted's Board. Back row from left: Torbjorn Ek, Eugénie van Wiechen, Ingunn Saltbones, Marianne Budnik, Birger Steen and Finn E. Vaga. Front row

from left: Philippe Vimard, Anna Mossberg, Ole Jacob Sunde (Chair) and Christian Ringnes.

For Schibsted, 2019 was dominated by managing the spin-off of Adevinta and the repositioning of

Schibsted.

For more than a decade, Schibsted has been characterized by the
successful rollout of our international marketplace operations
which started with the acquisition of Blocket in 2003. Our
international marketplace operations outside the Nordics were
spun off and established as an independent, listed company,
Adevinta, in 2019. After the first day of trading on 10 April, Adevinta
was valued at around NOK 60 billion, making it the third largest
new listing on the Oslo Stock Exchange. 31 December 2019, the
market value of Adevinta was around NOK 70 billion, an increase of
17 percent since the spin-off. Schibsted continues to run all
activities in Norway, Sweden and Finland - including our leading
marketplaces Finn, Blocket and Tori - and retains a 59.3 percent
ownership in Adevinta.

After the successful spin-off, Schibsted maintains a strong financial
position and has the clear ambition to create growth based on our
strong positions in the Nordics and trends in the market. Customer
behavior is continuously changing, competitors are improving
their offerings and technology is creating new opportunities. With
Schibsted’s more than 180 years track record of transformations, it
is part of our DNAto manage these changes, make bold choices and
take advantage of them in order to move forward and create added
value for our users, customers, shareholders and society. This
foundation of innovative culture, our long-term thinking and
growth mindset enabled us to build world-class digital newspapers

Schibsted

and become one of the global leaders within marketplaces.
Schibsted is now more than ever "re-thinking things" and focusing
on our strengths to create new, value-enhancing growth.

Our Nordic Marketplaces operations Finn, Blocket and Tori remain
a key focus area in this respect and Schibsted will pursue
opportunities to grow these businesses both organically - for
example by expanding the service offering for our verticals - and
structurally by looking into value-creating in-market consolidation
opportunities in the Nordic markets. Looking at News Media, with
our strong news destinations like VG, Aftenposten and Aftonbladet,
we see great potential in leveraging our strong traffic engines and
subscription base and will continue to focus on long-term
profitability. Within Next, Schibsted continues to see the financial
services and "fintech" landscape as an interesting field of growth,
with Lendo as the clearest example of success. By helping
consumers to obtain transparency in a chaotic market for
unsecured consumer loans, Lendo has built a significant revenue
base with solid profitability on the back of its strong positions in
Sweden and Norway. While growth slowed down in Norway during
2019, due to increased regulation of the consumer banks, we are
confident about the long-term possibilities that lie within this
business and have started the international expansion of Lendo to
other markets outside the Nordics. Another promising business
within Next is our Distribution business in Norway which is growing


--- Page 4 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2019
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT

strongly driven by new innovative services leveraging the already
existing newspaper distribution network. What started with parcel
deliveries has led to the launch of the Nordics’ first delivery
subscription in the fall of 2019 named Svosj. This brings us to the
core of Schibsted’s strategy: to create new digital winners by
leveraging our strong reach, competence, access to data and
market knowledge, always based on our strong purpose in society.
By linking innovative business models, advanced technology and
great entrepreneurs with our existing network of businesses,
brands, web traffic and talent in our core markets, we are confident
that it is possible for us to drive significant and sustainable value-
creating growth.

Acommon denominator for our services is that we strive to deliver
on our mission statement “Empowering people in their daily lives”.
Here lies an advantage compared to many other digital companies,
as our success is closely linked to our customers’ success. We are
relentlessly focusing on increased transparency and benefits for
our customers and users. For example, we operate efficient and
transparent marketplaces which in addition play a significant
environmental role as a platform for a circular economy. Our news
destinations deliver independent and relevant journalism, acting
as a force for democracy. We help consumers make the best
personal finance decisions as well as enabling people to get the
most out of their money by using our price comparison sites. This
position will continue to guide our projects in the future.

Adevinta, as one of the global leaders in marketplaces, is fully
equipped to achieve long-term growth with high profit margins.
Schibsted intends to remain a significant long-term owner in
Adevinta while the size and time horizon of Schibsted’s ownership
will be tailored to support and develop shareholder value for both
companies. As a separately listed company and after the collapse
of its dual share class, Adevinta is well positioned both for in
market and larger structural consolidations within the
marketplace industry.

Lastly, the Board would like to sum up 2019 not only as a year of
the spin-off of Adevinta and repositioning of Schibsted, but also as
a year of solid performance. Our Nordic Marketplaces have
continued their growth path. Blocket has come far on its
turnaround after a revenue decline in 2018. News Media, while
negatively affected by the fast-changing advertising markets, has
continued to grow their subscription business driven by high-
quality independent journalism as a key asset. Going forward,
News Media will follow up closely their cost development. They will
address the negative margin effects of the revenue development
they currently are facing, to secure the long-term profitability of
this business. The Growth segment showed solid revenue and
EBITDA growth and made several interesting new investments.
Finally, Financial Services has continued its growth in Sweden and
started the expansion of Lendo to new markets.

On a final note, 2020 will be affected by the Corona pandemic.
Please refer to the Outlook for our business below for an update on
this matter.

Changes to the composition of the Group
2019 has been a year with several changes to the composition of
the Group in addition to the Adevinta spin-off.

During the first quarter Schibsted strengthened its ownership
position in Spain by acquiring the remaining 10 percent interest in
Schibsted Classified Media Spain, making it possible to derive
additional synergies with the other successful online classifieds
sites in Adevinta. Schibsted also acquired Qasa, a service
complementing Blocket’s real estate rental service.

In the second quarter Schibsted, through its ownership in
Adevinta, acquired the French holiday rental and travel specialist
marketplace Locasun operating across Europe.

Schibsted ended an exciting year acquiring 67 percent of the
startup Nettbil, a digital marketplace for auction-based car sales to
dealers all over Norway. Schibsted also, through its ownership in
Adevinta, closed the acquisition of Argus Group, further enhancing
Leboncoin's position in the French car market segment in the
fourth quarter.

Schibsted has also been involved in other minor acquisitions and
disposals during 2019.

Changes to accounting policies

Schibsted has implemented the accounting standard IFRS 16
Leases from 1 January 2019. At the date of implementation, total
liabilities increased by NOK 1,975 million and total assets increased
by NOK 1,843 million primarily from the recognition of lease
liabilities and related right-of-use assets. In 2019, gross operating
profit (EBITDA") and operating profit increased by NOK 479 million
and NOK 67 million respectively compared to what would have
been reported under the formerly applicable accounting
standards. The effect on net profit is not significant. Comparable
figures for 2018 are not restated applying the new accounting
standard.

Further comments on the Group’s results

Schibsted’s consolidated revenues in 2019 _ totaled
NOK 19,075 million (NOK 18,059 million)’, up 6 percent compared
to last year. The increase was mainly driven by growth in all
operating segments except from News Media. The Group’s gross
operating profit (EBITDA") amounted to NOK 3,906 million
(NOK 3,268 million)', equivalent to a growth of 20 percent, including
a positive effect of implementing IFRS 16 of NOK 479 million.
Excluding the effect of IFRS 16 the growth was 5 percent.

Schibsted’s share of profit (loss) from joint ventures and associates
totaled NOK 1 million (NOK 60 million)!. This development is mainly
related to increased investments in long-term growth initiatives in
Bynk and Hypoteket, as well as changes in the composition of
entities presented as joint ventures and associates. Impairment

Schibsted


--- Page 5 ---

loss in 2019 was NOK -283 million (NOK -747 million)’. Current
year’s impairment consists mainly of write-down of goodwill in
marketplace operations in Mexico, Méteplatsen in Sweden and
some projects within product and technology development.

In 2019 Group’s other income and expenses amounted to
NOK -278 million (NOK -55 million)’. This is mainly restructuring
costs and transaction cost related to the spin-off and listing
process of Adevinta, and cost related to headcount reductions in
News Media.

Operating profit in 2019 amounted to NOK 2,093 million
(NOK 1,794 million)’.

Financial position and cash flow

Net cash flow from operating activities was NOK 2,844 million for
the year, compared to NOK 1,781 million in 2018. The cash flow was
positively affected by improved profit before taxes and a positive
development in working capital, in addition to the impact of
reclassification of lease payments to financing activities following
the implementation of IFRS 16.

Net cash outflows from investing activities was NOK 2,244 million
for the year, compared to NOK 953 million in 2018. The increase is
primarily related to acquisitions of subsidiaries and net
investments of other shares, such as Argus Group in Adevinta and
Nettbil, Qasa and Bynk in Schibsted.

Net cash flow from financing activities was NOK 1,429 million in
2019 compared to a cash outflow of NOK 608 million in 2018. The
increased cash flow is primarily related to proceeds from sale of
5.75 percent of shares in Adevinta ASA as part of the spin-off
process and net increase in interest bearing debt. This was partly
offset by purchase of treasury sharesand acquisition of the
remaining 10 percent interest in Schibsted Classified Media
Spain, in addition to the effect from reclassification of lease
payments from operating activities following the implementation
of IFRS 16.

The carrying amount of the Group’s assets increased by
NOK 5,453 million to NOK 32,778 million during 2019. The increase
is mainly related to recognition of right-of-use assets due to
implementation of IFRS 16 and increase in cash and cash
equivalents primarily related to proceeds from the sale of shares in
Adevinta. The Group’s net interest-bearing debt decreased by
NOK 432 million to NOK 1,951 million. The Group’s equity ratio was
51 percent at the end of 2019, compared to 54 percent at the end
of 2018.

Schibsted ASA has a well-diversified loan portfolio with loans from
both the Norwegian bond market and Nordic Investment Bank. In
addition, Schibsted ASA has a revolving credit facility of
EUR 300 million which was not drawn upon.

After the spin-off of Adevinta, Schibsted maintained a strong
financial position. The Board resolved in July 2019 to initiate a
buyback of up to 2 percent of outstanding company shares. As at
31 December 2019, the company had bought back 1.81 percent.

Schibsted

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2019
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Comments on the operating segments
Unless otherwise stated, all percentages in this section are based
on NOK amounts.

Nordic Marketplaces

Nordic Marketplaces comprise operations in Norway, Sweden and
Finland. In 2019, Nordic Marketplaces showed revenue growth of
8 percent and EBITDA" margin of 46 percent (45 percent excluding
IFRS 16 effect), particularly driven by a strong development in
Norway.

Marketplaces Norway

Finn.no is the number-one website for marketplaces in Norway and
one of the strongest brands in the country, regardless of industry.
Finn.no is the market leader within real estate, cars, jobs and
generalist ads. Marketplaces Norway had a strong year in 2019 with
revenue growth of 10 percent driven by revenue increases in all
major classified verticals. The growth is driven by a volume
increase and upsell products in jobs, increased revenues from the
professional segment and new products in cars and a volume
increase throughout the year in real estate. Display advertising
revenues also grew in 2019 compared to last year. EBITDA" grew by
20 percent resulting in an EBITDA margin of 49 percent (47 percent
excluding the IFRS 16 effect).

Marketplaces Sweden

Blocket.se holds a leading position for marketplaces in Sweden
and is among the strongest brands in the country across all
industries. After a revenue decline in 2018, Marketplaces Sweden
proved its turnaround with a revenue growth of 3 percent in local
currency in 2019, largely attributed to strong performance in the
car vertical. Display advertising and generalist marketplace
revenues were more challenging in 2019. EBITDA margin in
Marketplaces Sweden in local currency decreased with
4 percentage points compared to last year resulting in an EBITDA
margin of 45 percent (44 percent excluding the IFRS 16 effect). The
margin decline in EBITDA was impacted by increased investments
in mid-term growth initiatives.

News Media

News Media comprises leading newspapers in Norway and Sweden
and printing plant operations in the Norwegian market. In Norway,
the newspapers include the national newspapers VG and
Aftenposten and the regional newspapers Bergens Tidende and
Stavanger Aftenblad. Feedrelandsvennen was also included in
News Media in 2019, but was sold to Polaris Media with closing of
the sales transaction in January 2020.

In Sweden, the newspapers include the national newspapers
Aftonbladet and Svenska Dagbladet. All newspapers are strong
brands and hold leading positions within their region. In 2019,
operating revenues in News Media decreased by 3 percent. This is
mainly attributed to a challenging advertising market and a decline
in casual sales, partly offset by strong growth in digital subscription
revenues. The advertising market was particularly challenging in
Sweden in 2019, primarily caused by the strong market contraction
following the regulatory tightening of the gaming industry. EBITDA"
grew by 11 percent resulting in an EBITDA margin of 10 percent
(8 percent excluding the IFRS 16 effect).


--- Page 6 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2019
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Financial Services

Financial Services comprises companies that with technology and
transparency improve people’s personal finance. Lendo has
become one of the leading marketplaces for consumer lending in
the Nordics since it was founded in 2007. In 2019 Financial Services
experienced an operating revenue growth of 4 percent and EBITDA"
decline of 48 percent compared to last year resulting in an EBITDA
margin of 16 percent (15 percent excluding the IFRS 16 effect).

Lendo

Operating revenues increased in 2019 by 4 percent driven by good
performance in Lendo Sweden and incremental revenue
contribution from new markets, primarily Denmark. EBITDA"
decreased by 52 percent largely driven by investments into
geographic expansion (Denmark, Poland and Austria), but also due
to challenging market conditions in Norway and Finland. In
Norway this was driven by regulatory tightening in the consumer
credit sector with increased capital requirements, marketing
restrictions and lending constraints.

Growth

Growth comprises a portfolio of web-based growth companies
including Prisjakt, Let’s Deal and Schibsted’s distribution
companies. In 2019 operating revenues grew with 10 percent, and
Growth achieved an EBITDA" margin of 6 percent (4 percent
excluding the IFRS 16 effect).

Distribution

Distribution currently has operations in Norway and consists of the
legacy newspaper distribution and “Distribution new business”
(mainly Helthjem Netthandel, Morgenlevering, Zoopit and Svosj).
In 2019 operating revenues grew by 17 percent, driven by
continued strong development in “Distribution new business”.
“Distribution new business” operating revenues grew 106 percent
from last year showing strong development particularly in
Helthjem Netthandel.

Prisjakt

Prisjakt is present in Norway, Sweden and other selected markets
with price comparison services for e-commerce. Prisjakt had
revenue growth of 6 percent in 2019, and an EBITDA" margin of
29 percent (28 percent excluding the IFRS 16 effect).

Adevinta

After a successful IPO of Schibsted’s international marketplaces
operations in April 2019, Adevinta has operated as a standalone
company for the majority of 2019, while Schibsted still obtains a
majority share ownership (59.28 percent). In 2019 Adevinta
experienced revenue growth of 18 percent and EBITDA" growth of
35 percent resulting in an EBITDA margin of 29 percent (27 percent
excluding the IFRS 16 effect). The growth is mainly driven by strong
development in Adevinta’s French and Spanish operations, but
also reduced spending in Adevinta’s Global Markets segment. Note
that the figures above report Adevinta as a segment within
Schibsted’s consolidated figures, reported in NOK. The figures may
differ from Adevinta’s stand-alone reporting due to currency
effects and elimination of transactions between Schibsted and
Adevinta.

Research and development

Schibsted has been at the heart of the digital transformation for
more than 25 years and continues to invest substantial resources
in improving and developing products offered to its users. All
Group entities are making continuous efforts to further develop
both existing products and products that will provide new revenue
flows. In 2019 innovation efforts focused on marketplace
components, media platforms, privacy, advertising technology,
data analytics and distribution technology.

Operational and financial risks

Schibsted is operating in an industry that is subject to constant
change, and is exposed to increased competition from disruptive
players, technology and new business models. Furthermore,
Schibsted’s display advertising revenues, marketplace revenues
from the recruitment markets, and to some extent real estate
markets are affected by macroeconomic cycles, i.e. unemployment
rates, real estate prices and GDP growth rates. Schibsted’s
commitment to technology and innovation, and diversification of
revenue streams from Marketplaces, News Media, Financial
Services, and Growth companies, are vital contributors to bringing
these risks to an appropriate level.

External cyber-attacks and threats against Schibsted’s IT security
may cause incidents of loss of personal data, fraud, loss of sensitive
business data and inaccessible or unreliable services. Prevention
of such attacks has high priority and is a vital part of Schibsted’s
business.

Through its operations outside Norway, Schibsted is exposed to
fluctuations in the exchange rates of other currencies, mainly Euro
and Swedish kronor. The Group makes use of loans in foreign
currencies and financial derivatives to mitigate its currency
exposure.

Schibsted’s credit risk is considered low as trade receivables are
diversified through a high number of customers, customer
categories and markets. Moreover, a major part of sales is done
through prepaid subscriptions or advertisements and credit card
payments on the purchase date. Liquidity risk associated with cash
flow fluctuations is also considered low as Schibsted has adequate
equity and solid credit facilities. See note 23 in the financial
statements for more details on currency risk, credit risk and
liquidity risk.

The potential effects of the coronavirus are commented on under
Outlook below.

Statement of corporate governance

Schibsted’s corporate governance principles are based on the
recommendations set out in the Norwegian Code of Practice for
Corporate Governance. In accordance with section 3-3b of the
Norwegian Accounting Act, a policy document describing
Schibsted’s corporate governance principles has been prepared
and included as a separate section in the annual report. The policy
document is an integral part of the Board of Directors’ report.

Schibsted


--- Page 7 ---

Sustainability Report

In accordance with section 3-3c of the Norwegian Accounting Act,
a report of sustainability has been prepared. The report is included
as a separate document in the annual report and includes details
on working environment, injuries, accidents, sickness absence,
equality and non-discrimination, as well as social responsibility
and external environment. This report is an integral part of the
Board of Directors’ report.

Schibsted ASA

Schibsted ASA is the parent company of the Group and is located in
Oslo, Norway. The company supplies and performs services for the
Group’s other companies. Schibsted ASA delivered a profit after tax
of NOK 3,405 million (NOK 1,019 million)'. As at 31 December 2019
Schibsted ASA had total assets of NOK 23,272 million
(NOK 31,618 million)'. The equity ratio was 54 percent (53 percent)'.

Originally the Board planned to propose to allocate
NOK 468 million, corresponding to NOK 2.00 per share, to dividend
payments for 2019. Due to the potential global financial crisis
arising as a consequence of the Corona pandemic, and if so
happens to maintain maximum financial flexibility, the Board has
reconsidered and decided to propose not to pay a dividend
for 2019.

The Board of Directors proposes the following allocation:
Transferred to other equity ..............2..... NOK 3,405 million

As at 31 December 2019 Schibsted ASA had total equity of
NOK 12,662 million. The Board of Directors has determined that
Schibsted ASA had adequate equity and liquidity at year end 2019.

Outlook

Schibsted excluding Adevinta

The Nordic region is perceived to be a digital frontrunner region
and as such, a good venture lab to test new digital and disruptive
offerings. Schibsted will build on its track record of being able to
create and scale new business models and leverage technological
disruptions to evolve successfully in the Nordics and beyond. We
will concentrate on leveraging the combined force of our various
operations, founded on our well-known consumer brands, high
traffic volumes, and on our ability to harvest rich data and attract
top talent.

Schibsted expects longer term to see continued good revenue
development for its marketplace operations Finn, Blocket and Tori.
Increased monetization of verticals and development of value-
added services and adjacent growth opportunities are expected to
be key drivers.

Within Schibsted Growth and Financial Services, Lendo is expected
to continue to grow well, although moderate expansion
investment into new markets, like Denmark, Poland and Austria,
will hamper margins somewhat. Prisjakt is expected to continue
with solid top-line growth and healthy margins.

Schibsted

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2019
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The operations in News Media will continue to develop their digital
business models based on strong editorial products.

Corona pandemic affecting Schibsted

Over the first days and weeks of March 2020, it became increasingly
apparent that the coronavirus was not only causing a global
medical crisis, but also a financial one.

Schibsted has been determined to mitigate the effects of both
crises, while also rising to the crucial task of keeping the public
informed through our media houses. Several of our media brands
have reported record traffic numbers, in step with an increasing
demand from the public for more information - about the
escalating health situation and about
developments.

macroeconomic

It is still too early to say how severe the coronavirus pandemic will
affect Schibsted and our business, but there is no doubt that it will
negatively impact our results for 2020.

Most exposed to the effects of the coronavirus pandemic and the
macro slowdown are the travel and job vertical in Nordic
Marketplaces and advertising revenues for Schibsted in general.
The latter is particularly important for News Media but affects all of
our businesses. The severe measures taken by governments to
reduce the spread of the coronavirus will, though primarily shorter
term, also affect volumes negatively in parts of Schibsted normally
more resilient to an economic downturn. This also applies for the
real estate and car verticals within Nordic Marketplaces. In
addition, the print newspaper business experiences severe
negative volume effects.

Managementis following the development closely and is preparing
and implementing measures to hamper the slowdown and to
adjust to the development going forward.

Operationally Schibsted established cross-group efforts early on,
to closely follow and act upon advice from health authorities in our
markets. This has enabled swift implementation of adequate
measures as the situation developed - ranging from keeping our
employees safe through guidelines to reduce risk of infection and
travel advice, to the decision that everyone who can, should work
from home.

Technical solutions have so far worked practically flawlessly, even
with close to 75 percent of our employees working from home.
Employees show an exemplary team spirit in an extreme situation,
and more than meet expectations of fulfilling Schibsted’s
responsibilities to society and stakeholders.

Adevinta

Adevinta endeavours to maintain and expand its favorable
competitive positions and markets while also capturing further
core and adjacent growth opportunities. Adevinta will continue to
benefit from organic online classifieds market growth, focused
particularly on tapping the untapped potential that lies in its strong
verticals. At the same time, Adevinta is focused on driving
initiatives to increase market shares of traffic, listings and
eventually monetization and profitability. France, Spain and Brazil
are expected to be the key drivers for growth going forward, driven
by continued strong development of its verticals.


--- Page 8 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2019
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Similar to Schibsted, Adevinta is also affected by the coronavirus. |. Figures in parentheses are for the corresponding period for the previous year.

For further details see Adevinta’s annual report, published ll. EBITDA as defined under Definitions and reconciliations in the Financial
. . . > Statements for the Group.

3 April 2020 on www.adevinta.com/ir .

Going concern

Based on Schibsted’s long-term strategy and forecasts, and in
accordance with section 3-3a of the Norwegian Accounting Act, the
Board confirms that the prerequisites for the going concern
assumption exist and that the financial statements have been
prepared based on a going concern basis.

Oslo, 24 March 2020
Schibsted ASA’s Board of Directors

Oleflacob Sunde Marianne Budnik Torbjorn Ek

Anna Mossberg Christian Ringnes Ingunn Saltbones
Chairman of the Board Board member Board member Board member Board member Board member
—— Fin E v4: Subbed drow

Birger Steen Philippe Vimard Finn E. Vaga Eugénie van Wiechen Kristin Skogen Lund
Board member Board member Board member Board member CEO

. Schibsted
