

--- Page 1 ---

3.1

Strategy and Businesses 3

Strategy and Businesses

Innovating with purpose

As a company striving for leadership in health technology, we believe that innovation can improve people's health and
healthcare outcomes, as well as making care more accessible and affordable. At Philips, it is our goal to improve the lives
of 3 billion people a year by 2030, including 400 million in underserved healthcare communities. Guided by our vision of
making the world healthier and more sustainable through innovation, it is our strategy to lead with innovative solutions in
key markets along the health continuum — helping our customers deliver on the Quadruple Aim (better health outcomes,
a better experience for patients and staff, lower cost of care) and helping people take better care of their health at every
stage of life.

We seek to act responsibly and sustainably, leveraging our resources to maximize value creation for all stakeholders.
Reflecting our commitment to UN Sustainable Development Goals 3 (Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all
at all ages), 12 (Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns) and 13 (Take urgent action to combat climate
change and its impacts), we continue to embed sustainability deeper in the way we do business, with specific focus on
access to care, circular economy and climate action.

How we see healthcare

We visualize healthcare as a continuum, since it puts people at the center and builds on the notion of care pathways.
Believing that healthcare should be seamless, efficient and effective, we ‘join up the dots’ for our customers and
consumers, supporting the flow of data needed to care for people in real time, wherever they are. Data and informatics
will play an ever-increasing role in helping people to live healthily and cope with disease, and in enabling care providers
to meet people's needs, deliver better outcomes and improve productivity.

We see significant value in integrated healthcare, applying the power of predictive data analytics and artificial intelligence
at the point of care, while at the same time improving the delivery of care across the health continuum — optimizing
workflows, enhancing capacity utilization and leveraging primary and secondary prevention and population health
management programs.

Addressing our customers’ healthcare challenges

For consumers, we develop connected solutions that support healthier lifestyles, prevent or treat disease, and help
people to live well with chronic illness, also in the home and community settings. As well as leveraging retail trade
models, we will increasingly deliver products and services direct to consumers, supporting longer-term relationships to
maximize the benefit consumers can derive from our solutions.

In hospitals, we are teaming up with healthcare providers in long-term strategic partnerships to innovate and transform
the way care is delivered. We listen closely to our customers’ needs and together we co-create solutions — packaged
combinations of systems, smart devices, software and services, as well as consumables — that help our customers to
deliver on the Quadruple Aim of value-based care.

More and more, we are partnering with our customers in new business models, no longer selling products in a
transactional manner but engaging in long-term strategic partnerships, where we take co-responsibility for our
customers’ key performance indicators. The combination of compelling solutions and consultative partnership contracts,
including services, drives above-group-average growth rates, as well as a higher proportion of recurring revenues. We are
embedding Al and data science in our propositions to unlock the value of data in the operational and clinical aspects of
care processes.

Annual Report 2019


--- Page 2 ---

Strategy and Businesses 3.1

With our global reach, deep clinical and technological insights and innovative strength, we are uniquely positioned in ‘the
last yard’ to consumers and care providers, delivering:

connected products and services supporting the health and well-being of people
integrated modalities and clinical informatics to deliver precision diagnosis
real-time guidance and smart devices for minimally invasive interventions
connected products and services for chronic care.

Underpinning these, and spanning the health continuum, our connected care solutions enable us to:

connect patients and providers for more effective, coordinated, personalized care
manage population health, leveraging real-time patient data and clinical analytics.

Our key strategic imperatives and value creation objectives

Our transformation into a focused leader in health technology — shifting from products to solutions and building long-
term relationships with our customers — is absolutely critical for Philips’ future. Our strategic roadmap is our guide on this
multi-year journey.

Focus on Driven by
Better serve + Improve customer experience, quality systems, Customer
customers and operational excellence and productivity satisfaction
improve quality + Continue to lead the digital transformation

Revenue
Boost growth + Capture geographic growth opportunities wth
in core business + Pivot to consultative customer partnerships and

services business models

Win with solutions + Drive innovative, value-added integrated solutions
along the health + Reinforce with M&A, organic investments and
continuum partnerships

Over the last four years, our strategic roadmap has proven itself through the customers we have gained and the significant
value we have created

Looking ahead at 2020, we continue to see geopolitical and economic risks. We aim for 4-6% comparable sales growth’)
and an Adjusted EBITA’) margin improvement of around 100 basis points, with a performance momentum that is
expected to improve in the course of the year. During 2020 we will issue guidance for the next medium-term period,
when we expect to continue to gradually step up growth and expand margins and cash generation as we execute our
strategy.

We will continue to deliver meaningful employment and engagement in the communities where we operate, while doing
business in a sustainable manner.

° Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and
reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS.
measure, refer to Reconciliation of non-IFRS information,
starting on page 176.

Annual Report 2019 9


--- Page 3 ---

Strategy and Businesses 3.2

3.2. How we create value

Based on the International Integrated Reporting Council
framework, and with the renewed Philips Business System at the
heart of our endeavors, we use six forms of capital to create
value for our stakeholders in the short, medium and long term.

10

Capital input

The six forms of capital (resources and relationships)
that Philips draws upon for its business activities; all
data refer to 2019

Human

- Employees 80,495, 120 nationalities, 38% female

+ Philips University 5,324 courses, 966,813 hours,
683,336 training completions

+ 32,650 employees in growth geographies

+ Focus on Inclusion & Diversity

Intellectual

+ Invested in R&D EUR 1.88 billion (Green Innovation

EUR 235 million)
+ Employees in R&D 12,287 across the globe
including growth geographies

Financial
+ Equity EUR 12.6 billion
+ Net debt’) EUR 4.0 billion

Manufacturing

- Employees in production 35,640

+ Manufacturing sites 35, cost of materials used
EUR 5.3 billion

+ Total assets EUR 270 billion

+ Capital expenditure EUR 518 million

Natural

+ Energy used in manufacturing 1,400 terajoules

+ Water used 890,000 m3

+ Recycled plastics in our products 1,904 tonnes

+ Pledge to take back all medical equipment by
2025

Social

+ Philips Foundation

+ Stakeholder engagement
+ Volunteering policy

Annual Report 2019

Philips Business System
In 2019 we updated our operating model, the Philips Business System
(PBS). With its six interconnected elements, the PBS defines how we
work together effectively to achieve our company objectives.

Strategy

Performance

ene. Governance
Philips
Business

System

= how we work ~

Processes

Our strategy defines our path to sustainable value creation for
customers and shareholders.

Clear governance, roles and responsibilities empower people to
collaborate and act fast.

Standard processes, systems and practices enable lean and agile
ways of working.

We value and develop people and teams, rewarding them for
sustainable results.

We live the Philips culture, which sets standards on behaviors, quality
and integrity.

Through disciplined performance management and continuous
improvement we achieve our goals.

And this is where the wheel gets going. The better we perform, the
more we grow, the more we can re-invest in new business
opportunities, and the more value we deliver to our customers,
shareholders, and other stakeholders.


--- Page 4 ---

Human

We employ diverse and talented people and give
them the skills and training they need to ensure their
effectiveness and their personal development and
employability.

Intellectual

We apply our innovation and design expertise to
create new products and solutions that meet local
customer needs.

Financial

We generate the funds we need through our
business operations and where appropriate raise
additional financing from capital providers.

Value outcomes

The result of the application of the six forms of
capital to Philips’ business activities and processes as
shaped by the Philips Business System; all data refer
to 2019

Human

+ Employee Engagement Index 74% favorable
+ Sales per employee EUR 242,027

+ Safety 224 Total Recordable Cases

Intellectual

+ New patent filings 1,015

+ Royalties EUR 381 million
+ 148 design awards

Financial

+ Comparable sales growth’) 45%

+ 67% Green Revenues

+ Adjusted EBITA’) as a % of sales 13.2%
+ Free cash flow”) EUR 1.1 billion

Manufacturing
+ EUR148 billion revenues from goods sold

Natural

+ 13% revenues from circular propositions

+ Net CO2 emissions down to 266 kilotonnes

+ 265,000 tonnes (estimated) materials used to put
products on the market

+ Waste up to 26.4 kilotonnes, of which 83%
recycled

+ 19 'zero waste to landfill’ sites

Social

+ Brand value USD 11.7 billion (Interbrand)

+ Partnerships with UNICEF, Red Cross, Amref and
Ashoka

Strategy and Businesses 3.2

Manufacturing

We apply Lean techniques to our manufacturing
processes to produce high-quality products. We
manage our supply chain in a responsible way.

Natural
We are a responsible company and aim to minimize

the environmental impact of our supply chain, our
operations, and also our products and solutions.

Social

We contribute to our customers and society through
our products and solutions, our tax payments, the
products and services we buy, and our investments in
local communities.

Societal impact

The societal impact of Philips though its supply
chain, its operations, and its products and solutions;
all data refer to 2019

Human

- Employee benefit expenses EUR 6,307 million,
Living Wage analysis completed

+ Appointed 74% of our senior positions from
internal sources

+ 24% of Leadership positions held by women

Intellectual

+ Around 53% of revenues from new products and
solutions introduced in the last three years.

+ Over 60% of sales from leadership positions

Financial

+ Market capitalization EUR 38.8 billion at year-end

+ Long-term credit rating A- (Fitch), Baal (Moody's),
BBB+ (Standard & Poor's)

+ Dividend EUR 775 million

Manufacturing

+ 95% electricity from renewable sources

+ 286,000 employees impacted at suppliers
participating in the ‘Beyond Auditing’ program

Natural

+ Environmental impact of Philips operations down
to EUR 154 million

- First health technology company to have its COz
reductions assessed and approved by the Science
Based Targets initiative

Social

+ 1.64 billion Lives Improved, of which 194 million in
underserved healthcare communities

+ Total tax contribution EUR 3.1 billion (taxes paid)

+ Income tax expense EUR 337 million; the effective
income tax rate is 22%

*) Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to

Reconciliation of non-IFRS information, starting on page 176.

Annual Report 2019 a


--- Page 5 ---

3.3

Strategy and Businesses 3.3

Our businesses

Our reporting structure in 2019

Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Royal Philips) is the parent company of the Philips Group. In 2019, the reportable segments were
Diagnosis & Treatment businesses, Connected Care businesses, and Personal Health businesses, each having been
responsible for the management of its business worldwide. Additionally, Philips identifies the segment Other.

Philips

Connected Care businesses

Diagnosis & Treatment
businesses

Personal Health businesses

Diagnostic Imaging Monitoring & Analytics Oral Healthcare Innovation
Image-Guided Therapy Sleep & Respiratory Care Mother & Child Care IP Royalties
Ultrasound Therapeutic Care Personal Care Central costs
Enterprise Diagnostic Population Health Domestic Appliances” Other

Informatics Management

Connected Care Informatics

*On January 28, 2020, Philips announced that it will review options
for future ownership of the Domestic Appliances business, and start

Focus of external reporting
. wee the process of creating a separate legal structure for this business.

Philips Group
Total sales by reportable segment as a %
2019

Diagnosis & Treatment NN a4
Connected Care 24
Personal Health NN 30

Other | 2

3.3.1 Diagnosis & Treatment businesses
Our Diagnosis & Treatment businesses are foundational
to our health technology strategy, delivering on the
promise of precision diagnosis and image-guided
therapies. We enable our customers to realize the full
potential of the Quadruple Aim — an improved patient
experience, better health outcomes, an improved staff
experience and lower cost of care.

We are focused on intelligent, integrated solutions (Al-
enabled suites of systems, smart devices, software and
services) that help healthcare providers to meet their
most pressing clinical, operational and financial goals.
By integrating multiple sources of information across
imaging, pathology and genomics to create a
comprehensive single patient view, we support
clinicians to realize a precision diagnosis for each
patient: disease-specific, personalized, and predictive.

Informatics is central to everything we do. In 2019,
Philips expanded its Enterprise Diagnostic Informatics
portfolio with the acquisition of Carestream Health's
Healthcare Information Systems business. Adding a
state-of-the-art cloud-based informatics platform, our

Annual Report 2019

offering now includes advanced Vendor Neutral Archive
solutions, diagnostic and enterprise viewers, interactive
multimedia reporting, Al-enabled clinical, operational
and business analytics tools, as well as tele-radiology
and diagnostic patient management services.

We continue to expand the applications for image-
guided therapies and improve workflow and integration
in the interventional suite. In 2019, less than three years
on from its launch, the one-millionth procedure was
carried out on Philips’ Azurion image-guided therapy
platform. In 2019 we also launched Azurion in China,
following clearance from the country’s National Medical
Products Administration.

Our Diagnosis & Treatment businesses’ value
proposition to customers is based on combining our
extensive clinical experience with our broad portfolio of
technologies — making us uniquely capable to provide
meaningful solutions that can ultimately improve the
lives of the patients we serve while lowering the cost of
care delivery for our customers.


--- Page 6 ---

Through our various businesses, Diagnosis & Treatment
is focused on growing market share and profitability by
leveraging:

industry-leading clinical applications and excellent
image quality to drive growth in the core
subspecialties as well as attractive adjacencies in
Ultrasound

our unique suite of innovative procedural solutions
to support delivery of the right therapy in real-time
in Image-Guided Therapy

intelligent, Al-enabled applications combined with
successful innovations in our systems platforms in
Diagnostic Imaging

enhanced offerings in oncology, cardiology and
radiology, and expanding our solutions offering,
which comprises systems, smart devices, software
and services

In 2019, the Diagnosis & Treatment segment consisted
of the following areas of business:

Diagnostic Imaging: Magnetic Resonance Imaging
(MRI), Computed Tomography (CT), Advanced
Molecular Imaging, Diagnostic X-Ray, as well as
integrated clinical solutions, which include radiation
oncology treatment planning, disease-specific
oncology solutions and X-Ray dose management

Image-Guided Therapy: interventional X-ray
systems, encompassing cardiovascular, radiology
and surgery, and interventional imaging and therapy
devices that include Intravascular Ultrasound (IVUS),
fractional flow reserve (FFR) and instantaneous
wave-free ratio (iFR), and atherectomy catheters
and drug-coated balloons for the treatment of
coronary artery and peripheral vascular disease

Ultrasound: imaging products focused on diagnosis,
treatment planning and guidance for cardiology,
general imaging, obstetrics/gynecology, and point-
of-care applications, as well as proprietary software
capabilities to enable advanced diagnostics and
interventions

Enterprise Diagnostic Informatics: a suite of
integrated products and services that deliver a
comprehensive platform designed to connect clinical
capabilities and optimize workflows around every
step in the patient's journey across a range of
diagnostic (radiology, point-of-care, laboratory) and
clinical (oncology, cardiology, neurology) service
lines.

Diagnosis & Treatment
Total sales by business as a%
2019

Diagnostic imacine NY 40
Image Guided Therapy NN 32
Uitasound I 21

Enterprise Diagnostic Informatics fj 7

Strategy and Businesses 3.3.1

In 2019, Digital & Computational Pathology was moved
out of the segment Other into Diagnosis & Treatment to
enable better access to downstream capabilities. Digital
& Computational Pathology digitizes diagnosis in
anatomic pathology and uses Artificial Intelligence to
aid detection of disease and progression to reduce
inter-observer variability and improve outcomes.

Revenue is predominantly earned through the sale of
products, leasing, customer services fees, recurring per-
procedure fees for disposable devices, and software
license fees. For certain offerings, per-study fees or
outcome-based fees are earned over the contract term

Sales channels are a mix of a direct sales force,
especially in all the larger markets, third-party
distributors and an online sales portal. This varies by
product, market and price segment. Our sales
organizations have an intimate knowledge of
technologies and clinical applications, as well as the
solutions necessary to solve problems for our
customers.

Sales at Philips’ Diagnosis & Treatment businesses are
generally higher in the second half of the year, largely
due to the timing of new product availability and
customer spending patterns.

At year-end 2019, Diagnosis & Treatment had around
31,000 employees worldwide.

2019 business highlights

In 2019, Philips continued to renew its Diagnostic
Imaging portfolio. Its new Incisive CT imaging platform
includes an industry-first ‘Tube for Life’ guarantee. The
platform integrates innovations in imaging, workflow,
and lifecycle management, as well as DoseWise Portal,
a web-based dose monitoring solution that collects,
measures, analyzes and reports patient and staff
radiation exposure, helping healthcare providers with
smart clinical decision-making, increased efficiency and
improved experience for patients and staff.

We introduced IntraSight, which seamlessly integrates
intravascular imaging and physiology applications for
minimally invasive procedures. The scalable platform is
based on Philips’ common software and hardware
architecture. Following the acquisition of EPD Solutions
in 2018, we launched the novel KODEX-EPD cardiac
imaging and navigation system commercially and
announced a collaboration with Medtronic to further
advance the image-guided treatment of atrial
fibrillation.

Further expanding our offering in mobile image-guided
therapy systems for conventional operating rooms
(ORs), we launched Philips Zenition, our new mobile C-
arm imaging platform. Zenition is easy to move between
ORs and allows hospitals to maximize performance,
enhance clinical capabilities, and improve staff
experience.

Annual Report 2019 B


--- Page 7 ---

14

Strategy and Businesses 3.3.2

Philips continues to set the standard in integrated
solutions for image-guided therapy with the expansion
of its Azurion platform with FlexArm and the seamless
integration of its smart catheters in the platform. The
successful launch of Azurion in China and expansion of
its smart catheter offering in Europe and Asia
contributed to double-digit comparable sales growth’)
for the Image-Guided Therapy business in 2019.

Philips presented the three-year results from two major
Stellarex clinical studies involving approximately 600
patients, demonstrating that its Stellarex drug-coated
balloon (DCB) is the only low-dose DCB with a
significant treatment effect and high safety profile
through three years. Both studies showed no difference
in mortality compared with the current standard of care.
In the US, Philips launched longer 150 mm and 200 mm
versions of its Stellarex low-dose drug-coated balloons
to broaden treatment options for peripheral artery
disease patients.

In Ultrasound, we strengthened our leadership in our
core cardiac segment by extending the advanced
automation capabilities on our EPIQ CVx cardiology
ultrasound platform, making exams faster and easier to
conduct while improving clinician productivity. We also
continued to expand into attractive adjacencies such as
General Imaging and Obstetrics & Gynecology with the
launch of EPIQ Elite, a premium ultrasound system that
combines the latest advances in transducer innovation
and enhanced performance to improve clinical
confidence and the patient experience.

Philips’ Ambition 1.5T MR platform with its breakthrough
fully sealed magnet continued to receive an
enthusiastic reception from healthcare providers
worldwide. We also marked the completion of the one-
millionth patient scan accelerated with Compressed
SENSE, an advanced solution that reduces MR exam
times by up to 50%. Our innovations in MR combine to
help increase productivity, improve the patient and staff
experience, and enhance diagnostic confidence.

») Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and
reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS.
measure, refer to Reconciliation of non-IFRS information,
starting on page 176.

Annual Report 2019

3.3.2

Connected Care businesses

Spanning the entire health continuum, the Connected
Care businesses are tasked with improving patient
outcomes, increasing efficiency and enhancing patient
and caregiver satisfaction, thereby driving towards
value-based care. Our solutions build on Philips’
strength in verticals (monitoring & analytics, sleep &
respiratory care, and therapeutic care) and horizontals
(population health management and connected care
informatics) to improve clinical and economic outcomes
in all care settings, within and outside the hospital.

Philips has a deep understanding of clinical care and
the patient experience that, when coupled with our
consultative approach, allows us to be an effective
partner for transformation, both across the enterprise
and at the level of the individual clinician. Philips
delivers services that take the burden off hospital staff
with optimized patient and data flow, predictive
analytics, improved workflow, customized training and
improved accessibility across our application landscape.

This requires a secure common digital platform that
connects and aligns consumers, patients, payers and
healthcare providers. Philips’ platforms aggregate and
leverage information from clinical, personal and
historical data to support care providers in delivering
first-time-right diagnoses and treatment.

Philips delivers personalized insights by applying
predictive analytics and artificial intelligence across our
solutions. For example, we are able to support
healthcare professionals caring for elderly patients
living independently at home in making clinical
decisions and alerting medical teams to potential
issues. Our integrated and data-driven approach
promotes seamless patient care, helps identify risks and
needs of different groups within a population, and
provides clinical decision support.

In 2019, the Connected Care segment consisted of the
following areas of business:

Monitoring & Analytics: Integrated patient
monitoring systems for all price levels, wearable
biosensors, advanced intelligence platforms for real-
time clinical information at the patient's bedside;
patient analytics, including diagnostic ECG data
management; maintenance, clinical and IT services,
as well as consumables.

Sleep & Respiratory Care: Sleep offerings span from
consumer sleep solutions, including those for
disease-state sleep such as obstructive sleep apnea,
to end-to-end solutions that encompass consumer
engagement, diagnostics, people-centric therapy,
cloud-based connected propositions and care
management services. Respiratory offerings include
COPD care management with digital and connected
solutions; Hospital Respiratory Care (HRC) provides
invasive and non-invasive ventilators for acute and
sub-acute hospital environments; Home Respiratory
Care supports the home care environment.


--- Page 8 ---

Therapeutic Care: Emergency Care & Resuscitation
(ECR) solutions for both inside and outside the
hospital, including cardiac resuscitation and
emergency care solutions (including devices,
services, and digital/data solutions); consumables
across the patient monitoring and therapeutic care
businesses; customer service, including clinical, IT,
technical and remote customer propositions.

Population Health Management: Data, analytics
and actionable workflow products are leveraged for
solutions to improve clinical and financial results and
increase patient engagement, satisfaction and
compliance. These solutions include: technology-
enabled monitoring and intervention support
outside the hospital (telehealth, remote patient
monitoring, personal emergency response systems
and care coordination) to improve the experience of
elderly people and those living with chronic
conditions; actionable programs to predict risk
(including medication and care compliance,
outreach, and fall prediction); cloud-based solutions
for health organizations to manage population
health.

Connected Care Informatics was created in 2019 to
drive cohesive informatics innovations across the
health continuum. Connecting people, technology
and processes, Connected Care Informatics’
capabilities include a fully integrated Electronic
Medical Record (EMR) business called Tasy.
Connected Care Informatics also offers an advanced
elCU/Tele-ICU program, an informatics solutions
business under the umbrella of IntelliSpace
Enterprise Edition, Command Center solutions and
integration services (Enterprise Integrated Solutions/
IntelliBridge Enterprise).

Connected Care
Total sales by business as a %
2019

Monitoring & Analytics a1
Sleep & Respiratory Care 47

TherapeuticCare ff 5

Population Health Management,

Connected Care informatics | 3

In most of the Connected Care businesses, revenue is
earned through the sale of products and solutions,
customer services fees and software license fees.

Where bundled offerings result in solutions for our
customers, or offerings are based on the number of
people being monitored, we see more usage-based
earnings models. In Sleep & Respiratory Care, revenue is
generated both through product sales and through
rental models, whereby revenue is generated over time.

Strategy and Businesses 3.3.2

Sales channels include a mix of a direct salesforce,
partly paired with an online sales portal and distributors
(varying by product, market and price segment). Sales
are mostly driven by a direct salesforce with an intimate
knowledge of the procedures that use our integrated
solutions’ smart devices, systems, software and
services. Philips works with customers and partners to
co-create solutions, drive commercial innovation and
adapt to new models such as monitoring-as-a-service.

Sales at Philips’ Connected Care businesses are
generally higher in the second half of the year, largely
due to customer spending patterns.

At year-end 2019, the Connected Care businesses had
around 15,000 employees worldwide.

2019 business highlights

Reinforcing its leadership in patient monitoring
solutions, Philips introduced the next-generation
IntelliVue MX750 and MX850 bedside patient monitor
platforms in Europe. These feature an extensive range
of measurements and analytics, as well as new
cybersecurity capabilities. Moreover, Philips signed
multi-year enterprise patient monitoring agreements
with the Kantonsspital Frauenfeld (Switzerland) and the
University Clinic of Bonn (Germany) to improve
workflow and clinical outcomes in these hospitals.

Philips teamed up with US insurance company Humana
to improve care for at-risk, high-cost populations. The
pilot program will support independent living for high-
acuity patients with congestive heart failure by
providing 24/7 access to care. Philips’ remote
monitoring capabilities will allow care managers to
deliver timely interventions for these patients.

Philips signed a 10-year agreement with Centre
Hospitalier Régional Universitaire de Nancy in France to
implement Philips’ IntelliSpace Enterprise Imaging
Solution. The collaboration will enable the hospital,
which provides 1.2 million consultation visits and
inpatient stays each year, to streamline complex
medical image data management across its
departments.

Philips’ solutions to treat obstructive sleep apnea, a
condition that affects more than 100 million patients
globally, continue to garner healthy demand, supported
by the continued strong reception for DreamStation
GO's expanded portable therapy options.

Expanding its range of successful patient-centric CPAP
(continuous positive airway pressure) mask designs,
Philips launched DreamWisp, the first-of-its-kind over-
the-nose nasal mask that allows patients with sleep
apnea to sleep in any position they want. With its robust
nasal cushion and top-of-the-head tube design,
DreamWisp delivers a new level of comfort and

freedom of movement, providing patients with the
therapy option that best suits their needs.

Annual Report 2019 15


--- Page 9 ---

3.3.3

16

Strategy and Businesses 3.3.3

Demonstrating the success of Philips’ telehealth
solutions for critical care, US-based Health First
achieved significant results by using Philips’ acute
telehealth platform. Powered by Philips’ eCareManager,
Health First's VitalWatch elCU achieved a 23% reduction
in overall mortality, a 49% reduction in ICU length of
stay, and a 35% reduction in length of stay across its
four hospitals.

Philips expanded its General Care solutions portfolio
with the launch of the EarlyVue VS30 in the US. This
new vital signs monitor uses automated Early Warning
Scoring (EWS) to collect critical vital signs and calculate
risk-based alerts that allow clinicians to identify subtle
signs of patient deterioration and facilitate
communication between caregivers for timely
intervention and patient care.

Personal Health businesses

Our Personal Health businesses play an important role
on the health continuum -— in the healthy living,
prevention and home care stages — delivering
integrated, connected and personalized solutions that
support healthier lifestyles and those living with chronic
disease.

Leveraging our deep consumer expertise and extensive
healthcare know-how, we enable people to live a
healthy life ina healthy home environment, and to
proactively manage their own health.

Supported by meaningful innovation and high-impact
marketing, we are focused on three key objectives:

Growing our core businesses through geographical
expansion and increased penetration

Unlocking business value through direct digital
consumer engagement, leading to higher brand
preference and recurring revenues

Extending our core businesses with innovative
solutions and new business models to address
unmet consumer needs

In 2019, the Personal Health segment consisted of the
following areas of business:

Oral Healthcare: power toothbrushes, including
Sonicare app; brush heads/interdental/whitening

Mother & Child Care: infant feeding (breast pumps,
baby bottles, sterilizers), digital parental solutions
(Pregnancy+ and Baby+ apps)

Personal Care: male grooming (shavers, OneBlade,
groomers, trimmers), beauty (skin care, hair care, hair
removal)

Domestic Appliances®): kitchen appliances (juicers,
blenders, Airfryer, food processors), home care
(vacuum cleaners, air purifiers), garment care (irons,
steam generators), coffee (appliances and
accessories)

Annual Report 2019

Personal Health
Total sales by business as a %
2019

OralHealthcare = 21
Mother & ChildCare J 7

PersonalCare 32
Domestic Appliances I 40

Through our Personal Health businesses, we offer a
broad range of solutions in various consumer price
segments, always aiming to offer and realize premium
value. We continue to rationalize our portfolio of locally
relevant innovations and increase its accessibility,
particularly in lower-tier cities in growth geographies.
We are well positioned to capture further growth in
online sales and continue to build our digital and e-
commerce capabilities.

We are leveraging connectivity to offer new business
models, partnering with other players in the health
ecosystem with the goal of extending opportunities for
people to live healthily, prevent or manage disease. We
are engaging consumers in their health journey in new
and impactful ways through social media and digital
innovation. For example, the Philips Sonicare app acts
as a ‘virtual hub’ for personal oral healthcare, helping
users to manage their complete oral care on a daily
basis and share brushing data with their dental
practitioners, putting personalized guidance and advice
at their fingertips.

We also offer solutions that support babies and parents
on every step of their journey so that they can more
fully enjoy those precious early moments. Philips
Pregnancy+ is a pregnancy tracker app that allows
moms to follow their baby’s development with 3D fetal
imagery. The app offers moms customized information
at every stage of their pregnancy and enables them to
share their pregnancy journey with family and
professionals.

The company’s wide portfolio of connected consumer
health platforms — such as our Sonicare dental
solutions — leverages Philips HealthSuite, a cloud-
enabled connected health ecosystem of devices, apps
and digital tools that enable personalized health and
continuous care.

The revenue model is mainly based on product sale at
the point in time the products are delivered to the end-
user or wholesalers or distributors. As with the Direct to
Consumer transformation, we see good traction to
further diversify the revenue model with new business
models (including subscriptions and services).

The Personal Health businesses experience seasonality,
with higher sales around key national and international
events and holidays.

At year-end 2019, Personal Health employed around
16,000 people worldwide.


--- Page 10 ---

3.3.4

®) On January 28, 2020, Philips announced that it will
review options for future ownership of the Domestic
Appliances business, and start the process of creating a
separate legal structure for this
business.undefinedundefinedundefined

2019 business highlights

The strong performance of the Oral Healthcare business
was driven by its innovative portfolio, including the mid-
range Philips Sonicare ProtectiveClean toothbrush,
which features pressure sensor technology that alerts
users when they are applying too much pressure and
automatically reduces brushing intensity, for a brushing
experience that delivers healthier gums and cleaner
teeth.

Further broadening its product range in oral care, Philips
has rolled out its connected Philips Sonicare
ExpertClean globally. The new smart power toothbrush
delivers superior oral care results with its sonic
technology and deep clean brushing mode.

Building on the success of Philips’ leading oral care
solutions, the company rolled out the BrushSmart
program in collaboration with Delta Dental of California,
the largest provider of dental benefits in the US. The
subscription-based program includes a discounted
Sonicare toothbrush, coaching and teledentistry, and
connects brushing behaviors at home with professional
dental care to better understand, motivate and drive
improvements in oral health.

Philips launched its new smart S7000 Shaver series
globally. Designed to address skin irritation and
discomfort from shaving, the company’s first connected
shaver comes with a personalized solution for sensitive
skin and has received highly positive user reviews.

At the 2019 IFA trade show in Berlin, Philips highlighted
arange of intelligent, adaptive and personalized
consumer health solutions that seamlessly integrate
into people's lives and lifestyles, empowering them to
make healthier choices and fulfilling their personal
needs. These included the Philips Airfryer XXL featuring
Smart Sensing technology, which automatically adjusts
cooking time and temperature, and the Baby+ app,
which provides parents with a dedicated tool to track
their baby’s growth and receive ongoing advice specific
to each stage of their baby’s development.

Other

In our external reporting on Other we report on the
items Innovation & Strategy, IP Royalties, Central costs,
and other small items. At year-end 2019, around 18,000
people worldwide were working in these areas.

About Other

Innovation & Strategy

The Innovation & Strategy organization includes, among
others, the Chief Technology Office (CTO), Research,
HealthSuite Platforms, the Chief Medical Office, Product

Strategy and Businesses 3.3.4

Engineering, Experience Design, Strategy, and
Sustainability. Our Innovation Hubs are in Eindhoven
(Netherlands), Cambridge (USA), Bangalore (India) and
Shanghai (China).

Innovation & Strategy, in collaboration with the
operating businesses and the markets, is responsible for
directing the company strategy, in line with our growth
and profitability ambitions.

The Innovation & Strategy function facilitates innovation
from ‘idea’ to ‘market’ (12M) as co-creator and strategic
partner for the Philips businesses, markets and partners.
It does so through cooperation between research,
design, marketing, strategy and businesses in
interdisciplinary teams along the innovation chain, from
exploration and advanced development to first-of-a-
kind proposition development. In addition, it opens up
new value spaces beyond the direct scope of current
businesses through internal and external venturing,
manages the company-funded R&D portfolio, and
creates synergies for cross-segment initiatives and
integrated solutions.

Innovation & Strategy actively participates in Open
Innovation through relationships with academic, clinical,
industrial partners and start-ups, as well as via public-
private partnerships. It does so in order to improve
innovation speed, effectiveness and efficiency, to
capture and generate new ideas, and to leverage third-
party capabilities. This may include sharing the related
financial exposure and benefits.

Finally, Innovation & Strategy sets the agenda and
drives continuous improvement in the Philips product
and solution portfolio, the efficiency and effectiveness
of innovation, the creation and adoption of (digital)
platforms, and the uptake of high-impact technologies
such as Data Science, Artificial Intelligence (Al) and the
Internet of Things (IoT).

Chief Technology Office (CTO) and Philips Research
The Chief Technology Office orchestrates innovation
strategy and choices, and drives adoption of digital
architecture and platforms, as well as excellence in
software, Data Science and Al, across Philips’
businesses and markets. Philips Research initiates
game-changing innovations that disrupt and cross
boundaries in health technology to address
opportunities for better clinical and economic outcomes
and support the associated transformation of Philips
into a digital solutions company. CTO and Research
encompass the following organizations:

Philips Research, the co-creator and strategic
partner of the Philips businesses, markets and
complementary Open Innovation ecosystem
participants, driving front-end innovation and clinical
research at sites across the globe. The role of
Research increasingly goes beyond early-stage
proof-of-concept, including advanced development
on the target product and digital platforms, and
market-driven innovation with lead customers.

Annual Report 2019 V7


--- Page 11 ---

Strategy and Businesses 3.3.4

Innovation Management, responsible for end-to-
end innovation strategy and portfolio management,
integrated roadmaps linking products, systems and
software to solutions, New Business Creation
Excellence, R&D competency management,
Innovation Transformation and Performance
Management and public funding programs.

The Chief Architect Office, responsible for defining,
steering and ensuring compliance and uptake of the
Philips HealthSuite architecture for configurable and
interoperable digital propositions, as well as modular
System Architecture with the right balance between
functionality allocated to hardware and software.

The Software and System Engineering Centers of
Excellence, driving adoption of industry best
practices in writing and maintaining application-level
software, modular and configurable system design
and model-based system engineering.

The Data Science and Al Center of Excellence,
defining and deploying strategies and best practices
for dealing responsibly and in a compliant way with
Data Science and Al, developing common tools to
facilitate the development process and co-creation
with clinical partners.

Product Engineering

The Product Engineering organization is accountable for
building world-class Idea to Market (12M) capabilities
and for driving excellence in product engineering across
Philips worldwide. The Product Engineering
organization includes the following:

Philips Innovation Services provides hardware and
embedded software development & engineering,
technology consulting, and low-volume specialized
manufacturing.

12M Excellence is a global program to improve and
harmonize Philips capabilities, processes and tools.

Technical Expert Group supports innovation and
industrialization teams with technical competences
and application experience in materials, physics and
chemistry.

Product Platforms build on existing engineering
capabilities and best practices within Philips,
covering the full life cycle from design, development
and engineering to delivery, maintenance and
ultimately end of service.

Philips HealthSuite

Philips HealthSuite constitutes our common digital
framework that connects consumers, patients,
healthcare providers, payers and partners in a hybrid
cloud-based connected health ecosystem of solutions,
products, systems, services and devices, positioning
HealthSuite as the System of Engagement on top of
hospital systems of record.

Annual Report 2019

The HealthSuite System of Engagement provides
the capabilities and infrastructure for configurable
solutions and ecosystems. It ensures consistency
across customer touchpoints through a set of
industry standards-based ecosystem federation
services and APIs. It leverages our hybrid cloud
infrastructure that ensures scalability and cost-
effectiveness under the most comprehensive and
stringent security and privacy standards.

Philips HealthSuite is implemented in a layered
approach with a Foundation Layer that provides
secure hybrid cloud hosting, operations, customer
support and loT capabilities, as well as industry
standards-based federated data access. The
Engagement Layer leverages this foundation to
optimize workflows with embedded intelligence and
a seamless user experience.

Philips HealthSuite is managed and orchestrated across
Innovation & Strategy and all Philips businesses. The
majority of professional and consumer-oriented digital
propositions offered by Philips leverage HealthSuite. A
growing number of third-party companies have also
adopted HealthSuite.

Innovation Hubs

To drive innovation effectiveness and efficiency, and to
enable locally relevant solution creation, we have
established four main Innovation Hubs for the Philips
Group: Eindhoven (Netherlands), Cambridge (USA),
Bangalore (India) and Shanghai (China).

Philips Innovation Center Eindhoven is Philips’
largest cross-functional Innovation Hub worldwide,
hosting the global headquarters of many of our
innovation organizations as well as the management
of collaboration partnerships. Many of the
company’s core research programs are run from
here.

Philips Innovation Center Cambridge, MA is focused
on applications of Data Science and Al in Radiology,
Ultrasound, and Acute care. It is the hub for key
partnerships in North America, with top engineering
institutions like MIT as well as top clinical sites, and
for participation in government-funded programs.

Philips Innovation Center Bangalore hosts activities
from most of our operating businesses, as well as
Innovation & Strategy and IT. This is our largest
software-focused site, with over 3,500 engineers.
The Center also functions as the hub for market-
driven innovation in surrounding geographies in Asia
Pacific, Africa, and Middle East & Turkey.

Philips Innovation Center Shanghai combines digital
innovation, research and solutions development for
the China market, participating in local digital
ecosystems, while several of its locally relevant
innovations are also finding their way globally.


--- Page 12 ---

Alongside the hubs, where most of the central
Innovation & Strategy organization is concentrated
together with selected business R&D and market
innovation teams, we continue to have significant, more
focused innovation capabilities integrated into key
technology centers at our other global business sites.

Chief Medical Office

The Chief Medical Office is responsible for clinical
innovation and strategy, hospital economics, clinical
evidence and market access, as well as medical thought
leadership, with a focus on healthcare governance and
organization, the Quadruple Aim and value-based care.
This includes engaging with stakeholders across the
health continuum to extend Philips’ leadership in health
technology and acting on new value-based
reimbursement models that benefit the patient, health
professional and care provider.

Leveraging the knowledge and expertise of the medical
professional community across Philips, the Chief
Medical Office includes many healthcare professionals
who practice in the world’s leading health systems.
Supporting the company’s objectives across the health
continuum, its activities include strategic guidance built
on clinical and scientific knowledge, building customer
partnerships and growth opportunities, fostering peer-
to-peer relationships in relevant medical communities,
liaising with medical regulatory bodies, and supporting
clinical and marketing evidence development.

Philips Experience Design

Philips Experience Design is the global design function
for the company, ensuring that the user experiences of
our innovations are meaningful, people-focused and
locally relevant. Experience Design is also responsible
for ensuring that the Philips brand experience is
differentiating, consistently expressed, and drives
customer preference.

Philips Experience Design partners with stakeholders
across the organization to develop methodologies and
enablers for defining value propositions, to implement
data-enabled design tools and processes to create
meaning from data, and to leverage Co-create
methodologies. The latter facilitate exploration with
customers and patients with the aim of creating
solutions that are tailored specifically to the challenges
facing them, as local circumstances and workflows are
key ingredients in the successful implementation of
solutions.

To ensure that we connect end-users along the health
continuum, we create a consistent experience across all
touchpoints. A key enabler for this is a consistent and
differentiating design language that applies to software,
hardware and services across our operating businesses.
In recognition of our continued excellence, Philips
received 148 design awards in 2019.

Strategy and Businesses 3.3.4

IP Royalties

Philips Intellectual Property & Standards (IP&S)
proactively pursues the creation of new Intellectual
Property (IP) in close co-operation with Philips’
operating businesses and Innovation & Strategy. IP&S is
a leading industrial IP organization providing world-
class IP solutions to Philips’ businesses to support their
growth, competitiveness and profitability.

Royal Philips’ total IP portfolio currently consists of
64,500 patent rights, 39,000 trademarks, 88,500
design rights and 3,200 domain names. Philips filed
1,015 new patents in 2019, with a strong focus on the
growth areas in health technology services and
solutions.

Philips earns substantial annual income from license
fees and royalties. These are mostly earned on the basis
of usage or fixed fees, recognized over the term of the
contract or at a point in time.

Philips believes its business as a whole is not materially
dependent on any particular third-party patent or
license, or any particular group of third-party patents
and licenses.

Central costs

We recharge the directly attributable part of the central
costs to the business segments. The remaining part is
accounted for as central costs, and includes the
Executive Committee, Brand Management and
Sustainability, as well as functional services such as IT
and Real Estate.

Real estate

Philips is present in more than 70 countries globally and
has its group headquarters in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Our real estate sites are spread around the globe, with
key manufacturing and R&D sites in Europe, the
Americas and Asia.

In 2019, we invested in three Global Business Services
locations in the US, Poland and India. To attract R&D
talent, we invested across the globe in prime innovation
locations, such as Cambridge and Pittsburgh (USA),
Tokyo, Eindhoven, Bangalore and others.

The vast majority of our locations consist of leased
property, and we manage these closely to keep the
overall vacancy rates of our property below 5% and to
ensure the right level of space efficiency and flexibility
to follow our business dynamic. The net book value of
our land and buildings at December 31, 2019,
represented EUR 1,510 million; construction in progress
represented EUR 100 million. The increase compared
with 2019 is mainly due to IFRS 16 implementation; for
more information please refer to Significant accounting
policies, starting on page 94. Our current facilities are
adequate to meet the requirements of our present and
foreseeable future operations.

Annual Report 2019 19


--- Page 13 ---

3.4

3.41

3.4.2

3.43

20

Strategy and Businesses 3.4

Our geographies

Our Markets

A Market consists of one or more countries operating as
a single organization under a Market Leader. Our 17
Market organizations (in three market groups: North
America, Greater China and International Markets) are
active in more than 100 countries worldwide, working
closely in an equal partnership with the various
Businesses through Business-Market Combinations
(BMCs).

The Markets’ core objective is to understand local
market/customer needs, to develop and manage the
relationship with existing and new customers, and to
deliver orders and revenues and manage the market-
oriented profit-and-loss account (P&L). They act as the
voice of the customer in the integrated value
proposition process, bring relevant products and
solutions to market, and ensure local (solution) delivery
and service execution, as well as managing the
(integral) go-to-market approaches to our key
customers and indirect channels — all with the aim of
maximizing long-term customer value and gaining
market share.

To take quick decisions that are locally relevant and as
close to the customer as possible, our Businesses and
Markets work closely together in Business-Market
Combinations (BMCs) — Image Guided Therapy
Systems-North America, for example. The BMC makes
agreements where to compete and how to win.
Businesses and Markets bear joint accountability for
managing the operational end-to-end consumer and
customer value chain, quality & regulatory compliance
and the collaborative P&L, while leveraging the
functional excellence and shared services infrastructure
of the company.

Macro-economic landscape in 2019

In 2019, world economic development slowed
significantly from the level seen in 2018. According to
the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) the aggregate real
GDP growth rate of Philips’ geographies was expected
to slow to an estimated 2.3% in 2019, from 3.0% in 2018,
driven mainly by the trade tensions between the US
and China. North America, Greater China and
International Markets were all forecast to show slower
GDP growth in 2019, with India, Turkey and Germany
the main drivers of the slowdown in International
Markets.

2019 highlights from our Market Groups

North America

In 2019, Philips North America accelerated its drive to
deliver growth, customer preference, and innovative
solutions across the United States and Canada. As
Philips’ largest market, North America continued to
expand its scope and scale with a back-office services
hub in Nashville, upgraded innovation centers in
Pittsburgh and Cleveland, and a new Philips Innovation
Center and North America Headquarters in Cambridge
(opened in January 2020).

Annual Report 2019

Philips North America continues to expand consultative
relationships with multiple leading health systems. At
the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA) event
in 2019, Philips announced a USD 50 million contract
with Inspira Health to standardize patient monitoring
and drive innovation in diagnostic imaging and image-
guided therapies in order to enhance patient care and
improve clinical workflow performance. Philips also
announced a strategic 5-year partnership agreement
with the Regional Medical Center (RMC) in South
Carolina to deliver innovative diagnostic imaging
solutions for residents of four rural counties. The
partnership will help RMC to standardize its imaging
platforms and better integrate workflows and
information.

To improve access to care, Philips works closely with the
United States Department of Defense and Veterans
Affairs, to advance Al technology for early detection of
infectious disease, as well as advancing adoption of
telehealth.

Philips and Walgreens have engaged in a joint effort to
help consumers identify the root causes of their sleep
issues by integrating the SmartSleep Analyzer tool into
the Walgreens Find Care™ platform, and connecting
them with Philips sleep solutions available for sale on
Walgreens.com.

In personal health, Philips maintains No. 1 market share
in male grooming (electric) and reusable baby bottles
(Philips Avent) in North America, with Philips Sonicare
the most-recommended brand by US dental
professionals.

Greater China

In China, Philips is benefitting from good growth, top
talent and speed of execution thanks to a strong local
strategy.

Driven by Philips’ innovative portfolio of diagnostic
imaging, image-guided therapy and patient monitoring
solutions, the company continues to win large contracts
in China. For example, Philips signed an agreement with
the Xi'an International Medical Group to deliver
solutions to address clinical and research needs in
cardiology, radiation oncology and critical care. With the
Chinese health technology market dominated by
transactional vendor relationships, this long-term
strategic partnership demonstrates the potential to shift
from a transactional market dynamic also in China, and
our willingness to team up to create more value in
healthcare.

In July 2019, Philips completed the design direction for
Xiamen Cardiovascular Hospital, and the design
concept for the hospital's main lobby, emergency
department, screening areas, cath labs, ICU, CCU and
general ward. The result — achieved through an iterative
co-creation process — is an exceptional patient
experience and an efficient operational workflow.


--- Page 14 ---

In the consumer domain, we also deepened our
cooperation with Alibaba in 2019, to forge a new
consumer-centric business model and improve the way
we leverage their digital ecosystem.

International Markets

In our other markets around the world, Philips entered
into many new customer partnerships, including the
following:

In the UK, we entered into a 10-year strategic
partnership agreement with Rutherford Diagnostics.
This collaboration will utilize Philips’ innovative
radiology technology and Rutherford Diagnostics’
healthcare expertise to deliver and operate advanced
personalized diagnostic services through a network of
community diagnostic centers across England.

In Germany, we signed a comprehensive 10-year
innovation partnership agreement with Klinikum
Stuttgart. The agreement covers the replacement and
procurement of state-of-the-art medical technology,
including diagnostic imaging and intelligent informatics
solutions, together with joint development of new
workflows and connected care solutions.

In Denmark, we signed an agreement to deliver 10
advanced IQon CT systems to the hospitals of the
Capital Region of Copenhagen, supporting the delivery
of a precision diagnosis for each patient and enabling
the transition to a value-based care model.

In Russia, Philips joined strategic initiatives of the
Moscow city government aimed at modernizing
Moscow’s healthcare system, which serves 12 million
citizens. Philips’ focus is on improving the clinical
experience and medical technology innovation. To this
end, we are providing strategic design and technology

planning consultancy, as well as an innovative approach 3.5.2

to managing high-tech medical infrastructure. We are
also delivering clinical decision support solutions for ICU
and operating room environments.

In Vietnam, we announced a seven-year partnership
agreement with Hong Duc General Hospital covering a
comprehensive turnkey solution for high-quality
general healthcare services. Under this agreement,
Philips will provide the newly built Hong Duc General
Hospital II with the latest medical imaging, patient
monitoring and healthcare IT solutions, as well as
design, consulting and financing services.

In Indonesia, we announced the country’s first
installation of the Philips IntelliSpace Critical Care and
Anesthesia (ICCA) system at the Kasih Ibu Hospital in
Denpasar, Bali. This represents a significant
development in the digitization of patient treatment in
Indonesia, with Philips’ interoperable digital technology,
predictive trend analytics and smart algorithms helping
to drive improved outcomes in acute care.

3.5
3.5.1

Strategy and Businesses 3.5

Supply chain and procurement

Supply chain

In recent years, Philips has made the decision to
regroup its multiple — business-specific — supply chains
into the Integrated Supply Chain under the leadership
of the Chief Operations Officer. This encompasses
supplier selection and management through
procurement, manufacturing across all the industrial
sites, logistics and warehousing operations, as well as
demand/supply orchestration across the businesses
and markets. Striving for a balanced ‘regional vs global’
approach, the Integrated Supply Chain supports our
business expansion, ensuring adequate capacity and
speed while leveraging our global processes, standards
and capabilities. In parallel, Philips has been optimizing
its industrial footprint to become more efficient and
effective.

When selecting and evaluating partners, we consider
not only business metrics such as cost, quality and on-
time delivery performance, but also environmental,
social and governance factors. We use supplier
classification models to identify critical suppliers,
including those supplying materials, components and
services that could influence the safety and
performance of our products and solutions.

Philips Group
Supplier spend analysis per region in %
2019

2019
Western Europe 33%
North America, 25%
Other mature geographies T%
Total mature geographies 65%
Growth geographies 35%
Philips Group. 100%

Procurement

The foremost factor in 2019 was the increasing trade
tensions and US-China import tariffs, which caused
direct and indirect financial headwinds. Procurement
performance was therefore still highly dependent on
product concept re-engineering and sourcing strategies.

During the year, economic growth slowed in advanced
and emerging economies, and geopolitics increased
uncertainties. This resulted in downward pressure on
raw material and component market prices. Looking
ahead, we are concerned about escalating trade
restrictions, political tensions and the potential impact
of Brexit. Mitigation actions are not always possible and
in any case costly.

Throughout 2019, Philips focused on capturing market
opportunities wherever possible, as well as on
continuously optimizing design and costs via various
programs, including Design for Excellence (DfX)
conventions and Total Cost of Ownership (TCO)
programs.

Annual Report 2019 21


--- Page 15 ---

3.5.3

22

3.6

Strategy and Businesses 3.5.3

Supplier sustainability

Philips’ mission to improve people's lives applies
throughout our value chain. An important area of focus
for the Integrated Supply Chain is sustainability, and we
are actively working on this together with our partners,
be they suppliers or energy or logistics providers. Close
cooperation with our suppliers not only helps us deliver
health technology innovations that improve people’s
lives, it also supports new approaches that help us
minimize our environmental impact and maximize the
social and economic value we create.

Since 2003 we have dedicated supplier sustainability
programs as part of our sustainability strategy. We have
a direct business relationship with approximately 4,900
product and component suppliers and 19,000 service
providers. In many cases, societal issues deeper in our
supply chain require us to intervene beyond tier 1 of the
chain.

We want to make a difference through sustainable
supply management and responsible sourcing. This is
more than simply managing compliance: it is about
working together with our supply partners to have a
positive and lasting impact. This is why the
sustainability performance of our suppliers is fully
embedded in our procurement organization and
strategy.

Managing our large and complex supply chain ina
socially and environmentally responsible way requires a
structured and innovative approach, while being
transparent and engaging with a wide variety of
stakeholders. Insights gained through our 2019
stakeholder day were used as input to manage and
fine-tune our supplier sustainability strategy. In 2019,
our programs focused specifically on improving
suppliers’ sustainability performance, responsible
sourcing of minerals, and reducing the environmental
footprint of our supply base.

Quality, Regulatory Compliance and
Integrity

Our business success depends on the quality of our
products, services and solutions, and compliance with
many regulations and standards on a global basis. We
continue on our transformation journey to have
customer-focused global processes, procedures,
standards, and a quality mindset to help us maintain
the highest possible level of quality in all our products.

For Philips, as a business with a significant global
footprint, compliance with evolving regulations and
standards, including data privacy and cybersecurity,
involves increased levels of investment along with the
demands of increased regulatory enforcement activity.
Our business relies on the secure electronic
transmission, storage and hosting of sensitive
information, including personal information, protected
health information, financial information, intellectual
property, and other sensitive information related to our
customers and workforce. For information on how

Annual Report 2019

Philips manages cybersecurity risk, please refer to
Operational risks, starting on page 54

Responsibility for Quality & Regulatory Compliance
rests with the Chief Quality & Regulatory Officer, who
reports operationally to the Chief Operations Officer
and — for regulatory matters — directly to the Chief
Executive Officer.

Quality

Philips is committed to delivering the highest quality
products, services and solutions compliant with all
applicable laws and standards. We are investing
substantially in embedding quality in our organizational
culture. We will continue to raise the performance bar.
Quality is an integral part of the evaluation of all levels
of management. With consistency of purpose, top-
down accountability, standardization, leveraging
continuous improvement we aim to drive greater speed
in the adoption of a quality mindset throughout the
enterprise.

Regulatory Compliance

Philips actively maintains Quality Systems globally that
establish standards for its product design,
manufacturing and distribution processes; these
standards are in compliance with Food and Drug
Administration (FDA)/International Organization for
Standardization (ISO) requirements. Our businesses are
subject to compliance with regulatory pre-marketing
and quality system requirements in every market we
serve, and to specific requirements of local and national
regulatory authorities including the US FDA, the
European Medicines Agency (EMA), the National
Medical Products Administration (NMPA) in China and
comparable agencies in other countries. We also must
comply with the European Union's Waste from Electrical
and Electronic Equipment (WEEE), Restriction of
Hazardous Substances (ROHS) and Registration,
Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals
(REACH), Energy-using Products (EuP) and Product
Safety Regulations.

We have a growing portfolio of regulated products in
our Personal Health and Sleep & Respiratory Care
businesses. Through our growing Oral Healthcare,
Mother & Child Care and beauty product portfolio, the
range of applicable regulations has been extended to
include requirements relating to cosmetics and, ona
very small scale, pharmaceuticals.

Often, new products that we introduce are subject toa
regulatory approval process (e.g. pre-market notification
(the 510(k) process), or pre-market approval (PMA) for
marketing of FDA regulated devices in the USA, and the
CE Mark in the European Union). Failing to comply with
the regulatory requirements can have significant legal
and business consequences. The number and diversity
of regulatory bodies in the various markets we operate
in globally adds complexity and time to product
introductions.


--- Page 16 ---

In the European Union (EU), a new Medical Device
Regulation (EU MDR) was published in 2017, which will
impose significant additional pre-market and post-
market requirements. Since the announcement of the
EU MDR, Philips has been developing a comprehensive
strategic plan to ensure compliance with the MDR
requirements that will come into effect in May 2020.
The company has engaged in a top-to-bottom review
of our full portfolio of products and solutions that fall
under the mandate, and has developed a robust and
detailed framework for a seamless transition by the time
the Medical Device Regulation is operative. We made a
one-time EU MDR investment of around EUR 50 million
in 2019, in addition to ongoing compliance costs for the
new regulations of around EUR 25 million per year. We
believe the global regulatory environment will continue
to evolve, which could impact the cost, the time needed
to approve, and ultimately, our ability to maintain
existing approvals or obtain future approvals for our
products.

Consent Decree

In October 2017, Philips North America LLC reached
agreement on a consent decree with the US
Department of Justice, representing the Food and Drug
Administration (FDA), related to compliance with
current good manufacturing practice requirements
arising from past inspections in and before 2015,
focusing primarily on Philips’ Emergency Care &
Resuscitation (ECR) business operations in Andover
(Massachusetts) and Bothell (Washington). The decree
also provides for increased scrutiny, for a period of
years, of the compliance of the other Monitoring &
Analytics businesses at these facilities with the Quality
System Regulation.

Under the decree, Philips has suspended the
manufacture and distribution, for the US market, of
external defibrillators manufactured at these facilities,
subject to certain exceptions, until the FDA certifies
through inspection the facilities’ compliance with the
Quality System Regulation and other requirements of
the decree. The decree allows Philips to continue the
manufacture and distribution of certain automated
external defibrillator (AED) models and Philips can
continue to provide consumables and the relevant
accessories, to ensure uninterrupted availability of these
life-saving devices in the US. Philips continues to be
able to export ECR devices under certain conditions.
Philips is continuing to manufacture and distribute the
devices of businesses other than ECR at these facilities.

Substantial progress has been made in our compliance
efforts. However, we cannot predict the outcome of this
matter, and the consent decree authorizes the FDA, in
the event of any violations in the future, to order us to
cease manufacturing and distributing ECR devices,
recall products, pay liquidated damages and take other
actions. We also cannot currently predict whether
additional monetary investment will be incurred to
resolve this matter or the matter’s ultimate impact on
our business.

Strategy and Businesses 3.6

Ethics & Integrity

While pursuing our business objectives, we aim to bea
responsible partner in society, acting with integrity
towards our employees, customers, business partners
and shareholders, as well as the wider community in
which we operate. The Philips General Business
Principles (GBP) — part of the Philips Business System —
represent the fundamental principles by which all
Philips businesses and employees around the globe
must abide. They set the minimum standard for
business conduct, both for individual employees and for
the company and our subsidiaries. More information on
the Philips GBP can be found in Our approach to risk
management, starting on page 49. The results of the
monitoring measures in place are given in General
Business Principles, starting on page 41

Annual Report 2019 23


--- Page 17 ---

Financial performance 4

A Financial performance

“In 2019 we increased sales to EUR 19.5 billion, with 4.5%
comparable sales growth, and delivered a strong operating
cash flow of EUR 2 billion, and a free cash flow of more than
EUR 1 billion. Income from continuing operations amounted
to EUR 1.2 billion. Adjusted EPS increased by 15% to EUR
2.02 per share. The Adjusted EBITA increased by EUR 197
million, however it was short of our plan, partly due to
significant headwinds. Abhijit Bhattacharya, CFO Royal Philips

41 Performance review

The year 2019

Sales rose to EUR 19.5 billion, a nominal increase of
8%, with 10% growth in the Diagnosis & Treatment
businesses, 8% growth in the Connected Care
businesses and 6% growth in the Personal Health
businesses. On a comparable basis’) sales growth
was 4.5%, with 5% growth in the Diagnosis &
Treatment businesses, 5% growth in the Personal
Health businesses, and 3% growth in the Connected
Care businesses.

Net income amounted to EUR 1.2 billion, an increase
of EUR 76 million compared to 2018, mainly due to
improvements in operational performance, lower net
financial expenses and lower charges related to
discontinued operations, partly offset by higher
income tax expense and charges of EUR 97 million
related to impairment of goodwill. Net income is not
allocated to segments as certain income and
expense line items are recorded on a centralized
basis.

Adjusted EBITA’) increased to EUR 2.6 billion, or
13.2% of sales, an increase of EUR 197 million, or 10
basis points as a % of sales, compared to 2018. The
productivity programs delivered annual savings of
approximately EUR 480 million, and included
approximately EUR 166 million procurement savings,
led by the Design for Excellence (DfX) program, and
EUR 314 million savings from other productivity
programs. While the Diagnosis & Treatment and
Personal Health businesses delivered good profit
expansion, the Connected Care business showed a
decline of 200 basis points, primarily due to tariffs,
an adverse currency impact, mix and higher material
costs.

Annual Report 2019

Net cash provided by operating activities amounted
to EUR 20 billion, an increase of EUR 251 million,
mainly due to higher earnings that were partly offset
by higher working capital outflows and higher tax
paid, while 2018 included an outflow of EUR 130
million related to pension liability de-risking. Free
cash flow’) amounted to EUR 111 billion compared to
EUR 984 million in 2018.

In the second quarter of 2019, Philips completed its
EUR 1.5 billion share buyback program that was
announced on June 28, 2017. All of the shares
acquired under the program were cancelled.

On January 29, 2019, Philips announced a new EUR
1.5 billion share buyback program for capital
reduction purposes. As of the end of 2019, Philips
completed 41.5% of this program.

During 2019 Philips sold all of its remaining shares
(16.5%) in Signify (formerly Philips Lighting). For
further information, refer to Sell-down Signify shares
(former Philips Lighting), starting on page 36.

Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19)
outbreak

The impact of the coronavirus outbreak on public life
and the industry in China is also affecting the demand
for Philips’ consumer portfolio in the country and
Philips’ global supply chain. While this is expected to
have a negative impact on the financial performance of
Philips in the first quarter of 2020, the company cannot
quantify the magnitude and duration of such impact at
this time given the fluidity of the situation.


--- Page 18 ---

Philips Group
Key data in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated
2017 - 2019
2017 2018 2019
Sales 17,780 18,121 19,482
Nominal sales growth 21% 19% 75%
Comparable sales growth 39% 47% 45%
Income from operations 15177 1719 1644
as a % of sales 85% 95% 8.4%
Financial expenses, net (137) (213) 17)
Investments in associates, net of
income taxes 4 @ 1
Income tax expense (349) 193) (37)
Income from continuing operations 7028 “1310 "1192
Discontinued operations, net of
income taxes 843 (213) (19)
Net income 1870 1097 173
Adjusted EBITA ) 2153 2366 2,563
as a % of sales 12.1% 131% 138.2%

Income from continuing operations
attributable to shareholders 2) per
common share (in EUR) - diluted 108 139 130

Adjusted income from continuing
operations attributable to

shareholders 2) per common share (in

EUR) - diluted ? 154 176 2.02

” Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation
of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to
Reconciliation of non-IFRS information, starting on page 176.

2) Shareholders in this table refers to shareholders of Koninklijke
Philips NV.

° Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and
reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS.
measure, refer to Reconciliation of non-IFRS information,
starting on page 176.

Financial performance 4.1.1

41.1 Results of operations

Philips has realigned the composition of its reporting
segments effective as of January 1, 2019, for further
details please refer to Significant accounting policies,
starting on page 94.

Sales

The composition of sales growth in percentage terms in
2019, compared to 2018 and 2017, is presented in the
table below.

Philips Group
Sales in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated
2017 - 2019

20177-2018 2019
7365 = 7,726 8,485

Diagnosis & Treatment businesses

Nominal sales growth (%) 29 49 98
Comparable sales growth (%) 34 66 55
Connected Care businesses 4331 4341-4674
Nominal sales growth (%) 20 02 7
Comparable sales growth (%) 45 27 31
Personal Health businesses 5685 5524 5,854
Nominal sales growth (%) 24 (28) 60
Comparable sales growth (%) 54 23 50
Other 400 530 469
Philips Group 17,780 18121 19,482
Nominal sales growth (%) 21 19 75
Comparable sales growth (%) 39 47 45

” Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation
of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to
Reconciliation of non-IFRS information, starting on page 176.

Group sales amounted to EUR 19,482 million in 2019,
8% higher on a nominal basis. Adjusted for a 3.0%
positive currency effect and consolidation impact,
comparable sales’) were 4.5% above 2018. The positive
currency effect is mainly driven by the appreciation of
the US dollar against the Euro.

Diagnosis & Treatment businesses

In 2019, sales amounted to EUR 8,485 million, 10%
higher than in 2018 on a nominal basis. Excluding a
4.3% positive currency effect and consolidation impact,
comparable sales’) increased by 5%, with double-digit
growth in Image-Guided Therapy, high-single-digit
growth in Ultrasound and low-single-digit growth in
Diagnostic Imaging. The positive currency effect is
mainly driven by the appreciation of the US dollar
against the Euro.

Connected Care businesses

In 2019, sales amounted to EUR 4,674 million, 8% higher
on anominal basis compared to 2018. Excluding a 4.6%
positive currency effect and consolidation impact,
comparable sales’) increased by 3%, with low-single-
digit growth in Sleep & Respiratory Care and Monitoring
& Analytics. The positive currency effect is mainly driven
by the appreciation of the US dollar against the Euro.

Annual Report 2019 25


--- Page 19 ---

26

Financial performance 4.1.1

Personal Health businesses

In 2019, sales amounted to EUR 5,854 million, 6% higher
on anominal basis compared to 2018. Excluding a 0.9%
positive currency effect and consolidation impact,
comparable sales’) were 5% higher year-on-year, driven
by double-digit growth in Oral Healthcare.

Other

In 2019, sales amounted to EUR 469 million, compared
to EUR 530 million in 2018. The decrease was mainly
due to lower royalty income and the divestment of the
Photonics business in Q1 2019.

Performance per geographic cluster

Philips Group
Sales by geographic area in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated
2017 - 2019

2017 ~——«2018 2019
Western Europe 3802 3,990 4134
North America 6409 6,338 6951
Other mature geographies 1707 ‘1,892 1,905
Total mature geographies T1918 12,221 12,990
Nominal sales growth (%) 08 25 63
Comparable sales growth (%) 19 33 21
Growth geographies 5862 5901 6,492
Nominal sales growth (%) 48 o7 100
Comparable sales growth (%) 80 76 96
Philips Group 17780 18121 19,482

) Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation
of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to
Reconciliation of non-IFRS information, starting on page 176.

Sales in mature geographies in 2019 were EUR 769
million higher than in 2018, or 6% higher on a nominal
basis and 2% higher on comparable basis’). Sales in
Western Europe were 4% higher year-on-year on a
nominal basis and 2% higher on a comparable basis’),
with mid-single-digit growth in the Personal Health
businesses and low-single-digit growth in the
Connected Care businesses, while the Diagnosis &
Treatment businesses were in line with 2018. Sales in
North America increased by EUR 613 million, or 10% on
anominal basis, and increased 4% on a comparable
basis’), with mid-single-digit growth in the Diagnosis &
Treatment businesses and low-single-digit growth in
the Personal Health businesses and Connected Care
businesses. Sales in other mature geographies
increased by 1% on a nominal basis and declined by 3%
ona comparable basis”), as lower IP royalty income
offset high-single-digit growth in the Personal Health
businesses, mid-single-digit growth in the Connected
Care businesses and low-single-digit growth in the
Diagnosis & Treatment businesses.

Sales in growth geographies in 2019 were EUR 591
million higher than in 2018, increased by 10% on both a
nominal and a comparable basis’) with double-digit
growth in the Diagnosis & Treatment businesses, high-
single-digit growth in the Connected Care businesses
and mid-single-digit growth in the Personal Health
businesses. The increase was driven by double-digit
growth in China.

Annual Report 2019

Diagnosis & Treatment businesses

Philips Group
Diagnosis & Treatment businesses sales in millions of EUR unless
otherwise stated

2017 - 2019
2017 «2018 2019

Western Europe 7457 —«1557 «1,586
North America 2748 2879 3,214
Other mature geographies 769 797 851
Total mature geographies 4974 5,232 5,651
Growth geographies 2390 2,494 2,834
Sales 7365 (7,726 8,485
Nominal sales growth (%) 3% 5% 10%

Comparable sales growth

(%)) 3% M% 5%

) Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation
of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to
Reconciliation of non-IFRS information, starting on page 176.

From a geographic perspective, nominal sales in growth
geographies increased by 14% in 2019, while
comparable sales’) showed double-digit growth, driven
by double-digit growth in China and Latin America.
Sales in mature geographies increased by 8% ona
nominal basis, while comparable sales") showed low-
single-digit growth, with mid-single-digit growth in
North America and low-single-digit growth in other
mature geographies, while Western Europe remained
flat year-on-year.

Connected Care businesses

Philips Group
Connected care businesses sales in millions of EUR unless otherwise
stated
2017 - 2019
2017 ——«2018 2019
Western Europe 674 751 782
North America 2540 2,448 2,624
Other mature geographies S71 580 646
Total mature geographies 3785 3,779 4,052
Growth geographies 546 562 622
Sales 4331 4,341 4,674
Nominal sales growth (%) 2% 0% 8%
Comparable sales growth
(%) 5% 3% 3%

) Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation
of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to
Reconciliation of non-IFRS information, starting on page 176.

From a geographic perspective, sales on a nominal
basis increased by 11% in growth geographies in 2019
and on a comparable basis’) showed high-single-digit
growth, with double-digit growth in China and mid-
single-digit growth in Latin America. Sales in mature
geographies decreased by 7% on a nominal basis and
showed low-single-digit growth on a comparable
basis’), with mid-single-digit growth in other mature
geographies and low-single-digit growth in Western
Europe and North America.


--- Page 20 ---

Personal Health businesses

Philips Group
Personal Health businesses sales in millions of EUR unless otherwise
stated
2017 - 2019
2017 «2018 2019
Western Europe 1553 1516 1,604
North America 1,028 945 1,003
Other mature geographies 322 334 367
Total mature geographies 2,903 2,795 2,974
Growth geographies 2781 2,730 2,880
Sales 5685 5,524 5,854
Nominal sales growth (%) 2% (3% 6%
Comparable sales growth
(%)) 5% 2% 5%

” Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation
of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to
Reconciliation of non-IFRS information, starting on page 176.

Sales in growth geographies increased 6% on a nominal
basis in 2019 and on a comparable basis”) showed mid-
single-digit growth, with double-digit growth in Central
& Eastern Europe and mid-single-digit growth in China.
Sales in mature geographies increased 6% on a nominal
basis and on a comparable basis’) showed mid-single-
digit growth, with high-single-digit growth in other
mature geographies, mid-single-digit growth in Western
Europe, and low-single-digit growth in North America.

Gross margin

In 2019, Philips’ gross margin increased to EUR 8,875
million compared to EUR 8,554 million in 2018, while
the margin decreased to 45.6% of sales from 47.2% of
sales in 2018. The year-on-year decrease in the margin
was mainly driven by lower IP royalty income and tariffs.
Gross margin in 2019 included EUR 191 million of
restructuring, acquisition-related and other charges,
whereas 2018 included EUR 107 million of restructuring,
acquisition-related and other charges. 2019 also
includes charges related to the Consent Decree focused
on defibrillator manufacturing in the US of EUR 29
million and a provision of EUR 12 million related to legal
matters. 2018 also included EUR 28 million of charges
related to the Consent Decree.

Selling expenses

Selling expenses amounted to EUR 4,682 million in
2019, or 24.0% of sales, compared to EUR 4,500 million,
or 24.8% of sales, in 2018. Selling expenses in 2019
included EUR 158 million of restructuring, acquisition-
related and other charges, compared to EUR 121 million
in 2018. 2019 includes charges related to the Consent
Decree of EUR 10 million and a provision of EUR 10
million related to legal matters. 2018 also included a
EUR 18 million charge related to the conclusion of the
European Commission investigation into retail price
maintenance, and EUR 16 million related to the Consent
Decree.

Financial performance 4.1.1

General and administrative expenses

General and administrative expenses amounted to EUR
631 million, or 3.2% of sales, in 2019, compared to EUR
631 million, or 3.5% of sales, in 2018. 2019 included EUR
24 million of restructuring, acquisition-related and other
charges, compared to EUR 30 million in 2018.

Research and development expenses

Research and development costs were EUR 1,884
million, or 9,7% of sales, in 2019, compared to EUR 1,759
million, or 9.7% of sales, in 2018. Research and
development costs in 2019 included EUR 151 million of
restructuring, acquisition-related and other charges,
compared to EUR 76 million in 2018. 2019 includes EUR
92 million related to a value adjustment of capitalized
development costs. 2018 also included EUR 12 million of
charges related to the Consent Decree.

Philips Group
Research and development expenses in millions of EUR unless
otherwise stated

2017 - 2019
2017-2018 +~~—«-2019

Diagnosis & Treatment 765 801 928
Connected Care 4330424 465
Personal Health 304 300 302
Other 262 235 189
Philips Group 1764 1759 1,884
As a % of sales 99% 97% 97%

Net income, Income from operations (EBIT) and
Adjusted EBITA")

Net income is not allocated to segments as certain
income and expense line items are monitored on a
centralized basis, resulting in them being shown ona
Philips Group level only.

Annual Report 2019 27


--- Page 21 ---

28

Financial performance 4.1.1

The overview below shows Income from operations and
Adjusted EBITA?) according to the 2019 segment
classifications.

Philips Group
Income from operations and Adjusted EBITA ”) in millions of EUR
unless otherwise stated

2017 - 2019
Income
from  asa% Adjusted asa %of
operations ofsales  EBITA?) sales
2019
Diagnosis &
Treatment 660 78% 1,078 127%
Connected
Care 267 57% 61s 13.2%
Personal
Health 844 14.4% 943 16.1%
Other (127) (76)
Philips Group 1.644 84% 2,563 B2%
2018
Diagnosis &
Treatment 629 8.1% 872 113%
Connected
Care 399 9.2% 662 15.2%
Personal
Health 796 14.4% 860 15.6%
Other (105) (28)
Philips Group 1719 9.5% 2,366 1B1%
2017
Diagnosis &
Treatment 512 7.0% 747 10.1%
Connected
Care 424 98% 684 15.8%
Personal
Health 834 147% 879 155%
Other (252) (157)
Philips Group 1517 85% 2153 12.1%

” Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation

of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to
Reconciliation of non-IFRS information, starting on page 176.

Net income increased by EUR 76 million compared to
2018, mainly due to improvements in operational
performance, lower net financial expenses and lower
charges related to discontinued operations, partly offset
by higher income tax expense and charges of EUR 97
million related to impairment of goodwill.

In 2019, Income from operations amounted to EUR
1,644 million, or 8.4% of sales, a decrease of EUR 75
million year-on-year . Restructuring, acquisition-related
and other charges amounted to EUR 471 million,
compared to EUR 299 million in 2018. 2019 includes a
gain of EUR 64 million related to a divestment, charges
of EUR 99 million related to a value adjustment of
capitalized development costs, a charge related to a
litigation provision, charges related to the Consent
Decree of EUR 44 million and a provision of EUR 22
million related to legal matters. 2018 included a gain of
EUR 43 million related to a divestment. 2018 also
included: EUR 56 million of charges related to the
Consent Decree; EUR 18 million of the total EUR 30
million provision related to the conclusion of the
European Commission investigation into retail pricing,
of which the other EUR 12 million was recognized in
Discontinued operations.

Annual Report 2019

Adjusted EBITA*) amounted to EUR 2,563 million, or
13.2% of sales, and improved by EUR 197 million, or 10
basis points as a percentage of sales, compared to
2018, mainly due to sales growth and productivity,
partly offset by lower IP royalty income, tariffs and
investments.

The 2019 performance resulted in a decrease in Income
from continuing operations attributable to shareholders
per common share (in EUR) - diluted of 7% from EUR
1.39 in 2018 to EUR 1.30 in 2019. Adjusted income from
continuing operations attributable to shareholders per
common share (in EUR) - diluted’) increased by 15%
from EUR 1.76 in 2018 to EUR 2.02 in 2019.

Diagnosis & Treatment businesses

Income from operations increased to EUR 660 million
compared to EUR 629 million in 2018. The year 2019
included EUR 196 million of charges related to
amortization and a goodwill impairment, compared to
EUR 98 million of amortization charges in 2018. 2019
includes a charge of EUR 19 million related to an
impairment of goodwill; the amortization charges
mainly relate to intangible assets in Image-Guided
Therapy. Restructuring, acquisition-related and other
charges to improve productivity were EUR 222 million,
compared to EUR 146 million in 2018. 2019 includes
charges of EUR 99 million related to a value adjustment
of capitalized development costs.

Adjusted EBITA*) increased by EUR 206 million to 12.7%,
mainly due to sales growth and productivity, partly
offset by investments and tariffs.

Connected Care businesses

Income from operations in 2019 amounted to EUR 267
million compared to EUR 399 million in 2018. The year
2019 includes EUR 219 million of charges related to
amortization and a goodwill impairment, compared to
EUR 140 million of amortization charges in 2018. 2019
includes a charge of EUR 78 million related to an
impairment of goodwill; the amortization charges
mainly relate to acquired intangible assets in Sleep &
Respiratory Care and Population Health Management.
Restructuring, acquisition-related and other charges
amounted to EUR 131 million in 2019, compared to EUR
122 million in 2018. 2019 included EUR 44 million of
charges related to the Consent Decree.

Adjusted EBITA*) decreased by EUR 44 million to 13.2%,
mainly due to tariffs, an adverse currency impact, mix
and higher material costs.

Personal Health businesses

Income from operations in 2019 increased to EUR 844
million compared to EUR 796 million in 2018. The year
2019 included EUR 25 million of amortization charges,
compared to EUR 31 million in 2018. These charges
mainly relate to intangible assets in Mother & Child Care
and Domestic Appliances . Restructuring, acquisition-
related and other charges were EUR 73 million,
compared to EUR 33 million in 2018. 2019 includes a
provision of EUR 22 million related to legal matters.


--- Page 22 ---

Adjusted EBITA’) increased by EUR 83 million to 16.1%,
mainly due to sales growth, a positive mix impact and
productivity, partly offset by tariffs.

Other
In Other we report on the items Innovation, IP Royalties,
Central costs and Other.

In 2019, Income from operations totaled EUR (127)
million, compared to EUR (105) million in 2018.
Restructuring, acquisition-related and other charges
amounted to EUR 43 million, compared to EUR 2 million
in 2018. 2019 includes a gain of EUR 64 million related
to a divestment and a charge related to a litigation
provision, while 2018 included a gain of EUR 43 million
related to a divestment.

Adjusted EBITA*) decreased by EUR 48 million, mainly
due to charges related to movements in environmental
provisions and other non-recurring items.

Financial income and expenses
A breakdown of Financial income and expenses is
presented in the following table.

Philips Group

Financial income and expenses in millions of EUR

2017 - 2019

20172018 2019

Interest expense (net) (182) (157) ——«(69)
Sale of securities 1 6 2
Impairments e) - -
Other 46 (62) 50
Financial income and expenses (137) (213) (7)

Net financial expenses decreased by EUR 96 million
year-on-year, mainly due to dividend income from
investments, while 2018 included financial charges of
EUR 46 million related to bond redemptions. For further
information, refer to Financial income and expenses,
starting on page 118.

Income taxes

Income taxes amounted to EUR 337 million. The
effective income tax rate in 2019 was 22.1%, compared
to 12.8% in 2018, mainly due to lower non-cash benefits
from tax audit resolutions and business integration
compared to 2018, partly offset by lower provisions for
tax risks. For 2020, we expect our effective tax rate to
be within the 24%-26% range, depending on the
geographical mix of taxable income.

Investment in associates

Results related to investments in associates improved
from a loss of EUR 2 million in 2018 to EUR 1 million in
2019.

41.2

Financial performance 4.1.2

Discontinued operations

Philips Group
Discontinued operations, net of income taxes in millions of EUR
2017 - 2019

2017 «2018 2019
Signify, formerly Philips Lighting 896 (198)

The combined Lumileds and

‘Automotive businesses (29) 2

Other (24) @ (19)
Net income of Discontinued

operations 843 (213) (19)

Discontinued operations in 2019 mainly include net
costs related to other divestments, which were
previously reported as discontinued operations.

Discontinued operations in 2018 mainly include
dividends received of EUR 32 million and a EUR 218
million loss related to a value adjustment of the
remaining interest in Signify.

For further information, refer to Discontinued operations
and assets classified as held for sale, starting on page
m

Non-controlling interests

Net income attributable to non-controlling interests
decreased from EUR 7 million in 2018 to EUR 5 million in
2019.

° Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and
reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS.
measure, refer to Reconciliation of non-IFRS information,
starting on page 176.

Pensions

In 2019, the total costs of post-employment benefits
amounted to EUR 56 million for defined benefit plans
and EUR 346 million for defined contribution plans.
These costs are reported in Income from operations,
except for the net interest cost component, which is
reported in Financial expense. The net interest cost for
defined benefit plans was EUR 22 million in 2019.

The balance sheet position improved in 2019 from a
liability of EUR 834 million to a liability of EUR 824
million, mainly due to actuarial gains in the US pension
plan.

In 2018, the total costs of post-employment benefits
amounted to EUR 46 million for defined benefit plans
and EUR 327 million for defined contribution plans. The
net interest cost for defined-benefit plans was EUR 23
million in 2018.

The balance sheet position improved in 2018 from from
a liability of EUR 972 million to a liability EUR 834
million, mainly due to an additional contribution of EUR
130 million (USD 150 million) in the US.

For further information, refer to Post-employment
benefits, starting on page 137 .

Annual Report 2019 29


--- Page 23 ---

413

30

Financial performance 4.1.3

Restructuring and acquisition-related
charges and goodwill impairment charges

Philips Group
Restructuring and related charges in millions of EUR
2017 - 2019

2017 ——«2018 2019
Restructuring and related
charges per segment:
Diagnosis & Treatment 64 74 107
Connected Care 78 40 38
Personal Health 6 14 50
Other 63 31 54
Philips Group am 159 249
Cost breakdown of
restructuring and related
charges:
Personnel lay-off costs 150 136 175
Release of provision @ ey) (34)
Transfer to Assets held for sale (6)
Restructuring-related asset
impairment 7 2 44
Other restructuring-related
costs 27 39 65
Philips Group 2 159 249

In 2019, the most significant restructuring projects
impacted Other and Diagnosis & Treatment and mainly
took place in the Netherlands, US and Germany. The
restructuring comprised mainly product portfolio
rationalization and the reorganization of global support
functions.

In 2018, the most significant restructuring projects
impacted Diagnosis & Treatment, Connected Care and
Other businesses and mainly took place in the
Netherlands, Germany and the US. The restructuring
mainly comprised product portfolio rationalization and
the reorganization of global support functions.

For further information on restructuring, refer to
Provisions, starting on page 135.

Philips Group
Acquisition-related charges in millions of EUR
2017 - 2019
2017 ——«2018 2019
Diagnosis & Treatment 92 R 42
Connected Care B 26 26
Personal Health - 1 1
Other - -
Philips Group 106 99 69

In 2019, acquisition-related charges amounted to EUR
69 million. The Diagnosis & Treatment businesses
recorded EUR 42 million of acquisition-related charges,
mainly related to the acquisition of Spectranetics, a US-
based global leader in vascular intervention and lead
management solutions

In 2018, acquisition-related charges amounted to EUR
99 million. The Diagnosis & Treatment businesses
recorded EUR 72 million of acquisition-related charges,
mainly related to the acquisition of Spectranetics.

Annual Report 2019

41.4

415

For further information on the goodwill sensitivity
analysis, please refer to Goodwill, starting on page 124.

Acquisitions and divestments

Acquisitions

In 2019, Philips completed three acquisitions, with the
Healthcare Information Systems business of Carestream
Health being the most notable. Acquisitions in 2019 and
prior years led to acquisition and post-merger
integration charges of EUR 42 million in the Diagnosis &
Treatment businesses and EUR 26 million in the
Connected Care businesses.

In 2018, Philips completed nine acquisitions, with EPD
Solutions Ltd. (EPD) being the most notable.
Acquisitions in 2018 and prior years led to acquisition
and post-merger integration charges of EUR 72 million
in the Diagnosis & Treatment businesses and EUR 26
million in the Connected Care businesses.

Divestments

Philips completed two divestments in 2019 which
resulted in an aggregated cash consideration of EUR 122
million and a gain of EUR 62 million. The most notable
divestment was the Photonics business in Germany.

For details, please refer to Acquisitions and
divestments, starting on page 113.

Changes in cash and cash equivalents,
including cash flows

The movements in cash and cash equivalents for the
years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 are
presented and explained below:

Philips Group
Condensed consolidated cash flows statements in millions of EUR
2017 - 2019

2017 «2018 2019

Beginning cash balance 2.334 1,939 1.688

Net cash flows from

operating activities 1870 1,780 2,031

Net capital expenditures (685) (796) (978)
Free cash flow ) 1185 984 1,053
Other cash flows from investing
activities (2514) (690) 376
Treasury shares transactions (414) (948) (1318)
Changes in debt (205) 160 109
Dividend paid to shareholders
of the Company (384) (401) (453)
Sale of shares of Signify (former
Philips Lighting), net 1,060
Other cash flow items (186) ) (4)
Net cash flows discontinued
operations 1,063 647 (25)
Ending cash balance 1939 (1,688 1,425

” Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation
of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to
Reconciliation of non-IFRS information, starting on page 176.


--- Page 24 ---

Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities
Net cash flows provided by operating activities amount
to EUR 2,031 million in 2019, compared to EUR 1,780
million in 2018. Free cash flow”) amount to EUR 1,053
million in 2019, compared to EUR 984 million in 2018.

Net cash flows provided by operating activities
amounted to EUR 1,780 million in 2018, compared to
EUR 1,870 million in 2017. Free cash flow’) amounted to
EUR 984 million in 2018, which included a EUR 176
million outflow related to pension liability de-risking in
the US and premium payments related to an early bond
redemption, compared to EUR 1,185 million in 2017.

Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities

In 2019, cash flows from investing activities amount to a
cash inflow of EUR 376 million, mainly due to proceeds
from the sale of the remaining Signify shares amounting
to EUR 549 million and net cash proceeds from
divestment of businesses amounting to EUR 146 million,
received mainly from divested businesses held for sale.
Other investing activities mainly include acquisition of
businesses (including acquisition of investments in
associates) of EUR 255 million and EUR 166 million net
cash used for foreign exchange derivative contracts
related to activities for funding and liquidity
management.

In 2018, other cash flows from investing activities
amounted to a cash outflow of EUR 690 million, mainly
due to acquisition of businesses (including acquisition
of investments in associates) amounting to EUR 628
million. EPD was the biggest acquisition in 2018,
resulting in a cash outflow of EUR 273 million, including
the subsequent payments. Net cash proceeds from
divestment of businesses amounted to EUR 70 million
and were received mainly from divested businesses
held for sale. Other investing activities mainly included
EUR 177 million net cash used for foreign exchange
derivative contracts related to activities for funding and
liquidity management.

Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities
In 2019, treasury shares transactions mainly include the
share buy-back activities, which result in EUR 1,318
million net cash outflow. Philips' shareholders were
given EUR 775 million including costs in the form of a
dividend, of which the cash portion of the dividend
amounts to EUR 453 million. Changes in debt mainly
includes the net proceeds from the Green Innovation
Bond issued of EUR 744 million, partly offset by
outflows related to bond maturity of EUR 500 million
and lease payments.

In 2018, treasury shares transactions mainly included
the share buy-back activities, which resulted in EUR
948 million net cash outflow. Philips’ shareholders were
given EUR 738 million in the form of a dividend, of
which the cash portion of the dividend amounted to
EUR 401 million. Changes in debt mainly includes EUR
866 million cash outflow related to the bond
redemption and EUR 990 million cash inflow from
bonds issued.

416

Financial performance 4.1.6

Net cash provided by (used for) discontinued
operations

Philips Group
Net cash provided by (used for) discontinued operations in millions
of EUR

2017 - 2019

2017 2018 = 2019

Net cash provided by (used for)

operating activities 350

(15) ()
Net cash provided by (used for)
investing activities 856

662 (14)

Net cash provided by (used for)
financing activities

Net cash provided by (used for)
discontinued operations

647 (25)
In 2019, net cash used for discontinued operations
consists primarily of a divestment formerly reported as
discontinued operations.

In 2018, net cash provided by (used for) discontinued
operations amounted to EUR 647 million and mainly
included a total of EUR 642 million in relation to the
sale of Signify shares and the dividend received from
Signify reported in investing activities.

° Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and
reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS.
measure, refer to Reconciliation of non-IFRS information,
starting on page 176.

Financing
Condensed consolidated balance sheets for the years
2017, 2018 and 2019 are presented below:

Philips Group
Condensed consolidated balance sheets in millions of EUR
2017 - 2019

2017 «2018 2019
Intangible assets “7,054 12,093 12,120
Property, plant and equipment 1,591 42 2,866
Inventories 2,353 2674 2773
Receivables 4148-4344 4909
Assets classified as held for sale 1,356 87 B
Other assets 2874 3,421 2,910
Payables (4492) (3,957) 3,820)
Provisions (2.059) (2151) (2159)
Liabilities directly associated
with assets held for sale 8) (12) -
Other liabilities (2.017) (2962) (2,965)
Net asset employed 14,799 15,249 ‘16,647
Cash and cash equivalents 1939 1,688 1,425
Debt (4715) (4821) (6447)
Net debt 7 (2.776) (3132) (4,022)
Non-controlling interests (24) (29) (28)
Shareholders’ equity (1.999) (12,088) (12,597)
Financing (14,799) (15,249) (16,647)

” Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation
of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to
Reconciliation of non-IFRS information, starting on page 176.

Annual Report 2019 31


--- Page 25 ---

32

417

Financial performance 4.1.7

Debt position

Total debt outstanding at the end of 2019 was EUR
5,447 million, compared with EUR 4,821 million at the
end of 2018.

Philips Group

Balance sheet changes in debt in millions of EUR

2017 - 2019

20177-2018 2019

Additional leases under IFRSI6 (1,059)
New borrowings/repayments
short-term debt 4 (34) (23)
New borrowings long-term debt (is) 1.287) (847)
Repayments long-term debt 13320161 761
Forward contracts (1,018) 124 706
Currency effects, consolidation
changes and other 347 (70) (170)
Transfer to liabilities classified as
held for sale 1,342 6
Changes in debt 891 (105) (626)

In 2019, total debt increased by EUR 626 million
compared to 2018. Total debt at December 31, 2019
includes additional lease liabilities of EUR 1,059 million
which have been recorded following the adoption of
IFRS 16 lease accounting in 2019; this did not have a
cash impact. New borrowings of long-term debt include
the net proceeds from the issuance of the Green
Innovation Bond of EUR 744 million. Repayments of
long-term debt amounted to EUR 761 million, mainly
due to the repayment of a EUR 500 million bond at its
scheduled maturity. Changes in payment obligations
from forward contracts are mainly related to maturing
forward contracts for the completed 2017 share
buyback program and the share repurchase program
announced in November 2018. These payment
obligations are recorded as financial liabilities under
long-term and short-term debt. Other changes, mainly
resulting from currency effects, led to an increase of
EUR 170 million.

In 2018, total debt increased by EUR 105 million
compared to 2017. New borrowings of long-term debt of
EUR 1,287 million were mainly due to the issuance of
fixed-rate bonds, EUR 500 million due 2024 and EUR
500 million due 2028, and a new long-term loan of EUR
200 million. Repayments of long-term debt amounted
to EUR 1,161 million, mainly due to the early redemption
of all the 3.750% USD bonds due 2022 with an
aggregate principal amount of USD 1.0 billion, the
redemption of 6.875% USD bonds due 2038 with an
aggregate principal amount of USD 72 million, and the
repayment of a loan of EUR 178 million. Changes in
payment obligations from forward contracts are mainly
related to maturing forward contracts for the 2017 share
buyback program and new forward contracts entered
into for the extended share repurchase program for LTI
and stock purchase plans announced in November
2018. Other changes, mainly resulting from new leases
recognized and currency effects, led to an increase of
EUR 70 million,

Annual Report 2019

418

At the end of 2019, long-term debt as a proportion of
the total debt stood at 91% with an average remaining
term (including current portion) of 8.0 years, compared
to 71% and 7.9 years respectively at the end of 2018.

For further information, please refer to Debt, starting on
page 132.

Liquidity position

As of December 31, 2019, including the cash position
(cash and cash equivalents), as well as its EUR 1 billion
committed revolving credit facility, the Philips Group
had access to available liquidity of EUR 2,425 million,
versus gross debt (including short and long-term) of
EUR 5,447 million.

As of December 31, 2018, including the cash position
(cash and cash equivalents), as well as its EUR 1 billion
committed revolving credit facility, the Philips Group
had access to available liquidity of EUR 2,688 million,
versus gross debt (including short and long-term) of
EUR 4,821 million.

As of December 31, 2017, including the cash position
(cash and cash equivalents), as well as its EUR 1 billion
committed revolving credit facility, the Philips Group
had access to available liquidity of EUR 2,939 million,
versus gross debt (including short and long-term) of
EUR 4,715 million

Philips Group

Liquidity position in millions of EUR

2017 - 2019

2017 «2018 2019

Cash and cash equivalents 1939 1688 1,425
Committed revolving credit
facilities/CP program 1,000 1000 1,000
Liquidity 2,939 2688 2,425
Listed equity investments at fair
value 49476 5
Short-term debt (672) (1,394) (608)
Long-term debt (4,044) (3,427) (4,939)
Net available liquidity resources (1728) (1,656) (3,007)

Philips has a EUR 1 billion committed revolving credit
facility which was signed in April 2017 and will expire in
April 2024. The facility can be used for general group
purposes, such as a backstop of its Commercial Paper
Program.

The Commercial Paper Program amounts to USD 2.5
billion, under which Philips can issue commercial paper
up to 364 days in tenor, both in the US and in Europe, in
any major freely convertible currency. Philips issued and
repaid commercial paper in 2019. As of December 31,
2019, Philips did not have any loans outstanding under
these facilities.

Additionally, at December 31, 2019 Philips held EUR 15
million of listed (level 1) equity investments at fair value
in common shares of companies in various industries
Refer to Other financial assets, starting on page 128 and
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities, starting on
page 150.


--- Page 26 ---

41.9

Royal Philips’ existing long-term debt is rated A- (with
stable outlook) by Fitch, Baal (with stable outlook) by
Moody's, and BBB+ (with stable outlook) by Standard &
Poor's. As part of our capital allocation policy, our net
debt’) position is managed with the intention of
retaining a strong investment grade credit rating.
Ratings are subject to change at any time and there is
no assurance that Philips will be able to achieve this
goal. The Group’s aim when managing the net debt”)
position is dividend stability and a pay-out ratio of 40%
to 50% of adjusted income from continuing operations
attributable to shareholders’). Royal Philips’
outstanding long-term debt and credit facilities do not
contain financial covenants. Adverse changes in the
Company's ratings will not trigger automatic withdrawal
of committed credit facilities nor any acceleration in the
outstanding long-term debt (provided that the USD-
denominated bonds issued by the Company in March
2008 and 2012 contain a ‘Change of Control Triggering
Event’ and the EUR-denominated bonds contain a
“Change of Control Put Event’). A description of Philips’
credit facilities can be found in Debt, starting on page
132.

Philips Group
Credit rating summary
2019
short-
long-term term outlook
Fitch A- Stable
Moody's Baal P-2 Stable
Standard & Poor's BBB+ A-2 Stable

Philips pools cash from subsidiaries to the extent legally
and economically feasible. Cash not pooled remains
available for local operational needs or general
purposes. The company faces cross-border foreign
exchange controls and/or other legal restrictions ina
few countries which could limit its ability to make these
balances available on short notice for general use by
the group.

Philips believes its current liquidity and direct access to
capital markets is sufficient to meet its present financing
needs.

») Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and
reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS.
measure, refer to Reconciliation of non-IFRS information,
starting on page 176.

Shareholders’ equity

Shareholders’ equity increased by EUR 509 million in
2019 to EUR 12,597 million at December 31, 2019. The
increase was mainly due to net results of EUR 1,173
million, the positive impact of currency translation
differences of EUR 239 million, net fair value increases
of financial assets of EUR 82 million and the impact of
the accounting for share-based compensation plans,
including the effect of related hedging transactions

Financial performance 4.1.9

through forward contracts and share call options (in
aggregate EUR 112 million). This was mainly offset by
acquired shares because of settlements of earlier
concluded forward transactions of EUR 706 million,
share repurchases made in the open market of EUR 621
million and dividend payments to shareholders of
Koninklijke Philips N.V. of EUR 453 million (including tax
and service charges).

Shareholders’ equity increased by EUR 89 million in
2018 to EUR 12,088 million at December 31, 2018. The
increase was mainly due to net results of EUR 1,097
million and the positive impact of currency translation
differences of EUR 347 million. This was mainly offset by
share repurchases made in the open market of EUR 514
million, dividend payments to shareholders of
Koninklijke Philips N.V. of EUR 400 million (including tax
and service charges), net fair value declines of financial
assets of EUR 147 million, and the impact of the
accounting for share-based compensation plans,
including the effect of related hedging transactions
through forward contracts and share call options (in
aggregate EUR 191 million).

Share capital structure

The number of issued common shares of Royal Philips
at December 31, 2019 was 896,733,721. At year-end
2019, the Company held 5.8 million shares in treasury.
Of these shares, 5.3 million shares were held in treasury
to cover obligations under long-term incentive plans,
and 0.5 million shares were held for share capital
reduction purposes. Philips repurchased and acquired
shares in the course of the year, and cancelled 30
million shares in June 2019 and 8.5 million shares in
December 2019. In 2016, Philips purchased call options
on Philips shares to hedge options granted to
employees up to 2013. As of December 31, 2019, Philips
held 2.3 million of such options. In 2017 and 2018,
Philips entered into several forward contracts in order to
cover obligations under its long-term incentive plans, as
well as to reduce its share capital. As of December 31,
2019, the outstanding forward contracts related to 6
million shares.

The number of issued common shares of Royal Philips
at December 31, 2018 was 926,195,539. At year-end
2018, the Company held 12.0 million shares in treasury.
Of these shares, 7.9 million shares were held in treasury
to cover obligations under long-term incentive plans,
and 4.1 million shares were held for share capital
reduction purposes. Philips repurchased and acquired
shares in the course of the year, and cancelled 24.2
million shares in November 2018. As of December 31,
2018, Philips held 3.8 million call options to hedge
obligations under its long-term incentive plans. As of
December 31, 2018, the outstanding forward contracts
to cover obligations under its long-term incentive plans,
as well as to reduce its share capital were 28.6 million
shares.

Annual Report 2019 33


--- Page 27 ---

34

Financial performance 41.9

Share repurchase methods for long-term incentive
plans and capital reduction purposes

During 2019, Royal Philips acquired shares for share-
based compensation plans and capital reduction
purposes via three different methods: (i) share buy-back
repurchases in the open market via an intermediary (ii)
repurchase of shares via forward contracts for future
delivery of shares (iii) the unwinding of call options on
own shares. In 2019, Royal Philips also used methods (i)
and (ii) to repurchase shares for capital reduction
purposes.

The open market transactions via an intermediary allow
for buybacks during both open and closed periods.

Philips Group

2019

‘Total number of shares repurchased in thousands of shares unless otherwise stated

Philips Group
Impact of share repurchase on share count in thousands of shares
as of December 31

2015 - 2019

2015 2016 2017 2018
Shares
issued 931131 929,645 940,909 926,196
Shares in
treasury 14027, 7.208) =««14717,— 12.01
Shares

outstanding 917,104 922,437 926192 914,184
Shares
repurchased 20,296 25,93 19,842 31,994
Shares
cancelled 21,361 18,830 24,247

Annual Report 2019



--- Page 28 ---

4110 Cash obligations

Contractual cash obligations

The table below presents a summary of the Group's
fixed contractual cash obligations and commitments at
December 31, 2019. These amounts are an estimate of
future payments, which could change as a result of
various factors such as a change in interest rates,
foreign exchange, contractual provisions, as well as
changes in our business strategy and needs. Therefore,
the actual payments made in future periods may differ
from those presented in the table below:

Philips Group

Contractual cash obligations 1) 2) in millions of EUR
2019
Payments due by period
less
than 1300-35 after5
total lyear years years —_years

Long-term
debt 3) 5699 256 293 1218 3932
Lease
obligations 1533 292 438261 543
Short-term debt 92 92
Derivative
liabilities 192 68 1 123
Purchase
obligations 4) 822 370 «344 6 48
Trade and other
payables 2,089 2,089
Contractual cash
obligations 10,427 3167 1,075 1,662 4,523

” Amounts in this table are undiscounted

2) This table excludes post-employment benefit plan contribution
commitments and income tax liabilities in respect of tax risks
because it is not possible to make a reasonably reliable estimate of
the actual period of cash settlement

») Long-term debt includes interest and the current portion of
long-term debt and excludes lease obligations

4) Purchase obligations are agreements to purchase goods or
services that are enforceable and legally binding for the Group.
They specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum
quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable price
provisions and the approximate timing of the transaction. They do
not include open purchase orders or other commitments which do
not specify all significant terms

IFRS 16, Leases, is effective for the financial year
commencing January 1, 2019. Refer to Significant
accounting policies, starting on page 94.

Philips has contracts with investment funds where it
committed itself to make, under certain conditions,
capital contributions to these funds of an aggregated
remaining amount of EUR 61 million (2018: EUR 86
million). As at December 31, 2019 capital contributions
already made to these investment funds are recorded
as non-current financial assets.

Certain Philips suppliers factor their trade receivables
from Philips with third parties through supplier finance
arrangements. At December 31, 2018 approximately
EUR 275 million of the Philips accounts payable were
transferred under such arrangements whereby Philips
confirms invoices. In accordance with the terms and
conditions of the arrangements, Philips continues to
recognize these liabilities as trade payables and settles
the liabilities after a further 30 day period compared to
the original invoices.

411

Financial performance 4.1.10

Other cash commitments

The Company and its subsidiaries sponsor post-
employment benefit plans in many countries in
accordance with legal requirements, customs and the
local situation in the countries involved. For a discussion
of the plans and expected cash outflows, please refer to
Post-employment benefits, starting on page 137.

The company had EUR 156 million restructuring-related
provisions by the end of 2019, of which EUR 125 million
is expected to result in cash outflows in 2020. Refer to
Provisions, starting on page 135 for details of
restructuring provisions.

Please refer to Dividend, starting on page 35 for
information on the proposed dividend distribution.

As of December 31, 2019, Philips has completed 41.5%
of its EUR 1.5 billion share buyback program for capital
reduction purposes that was announced on January 29,
2019. As the program was initiated for capital reduction
purposes, Philips intends to cancel all of the shares
acquired under the program.

Guarantees

Philips’ policy is to provide guarantees and other letters
of support only in writing. Philips does not provide other
forms of support. The total fair value of guarantees
recognized on the balance sheet amounts to EUR nil
million for both 2018 and 2019. Remaining off-balance-
sheet business and credit-related guarantees provided
on behalf of third parties and associates decreased by
EUR 19 million during 2019 to EUR 21 million (December
31, 2018: EUR 40 million).

Dividend

Dividend policy

Philips’ dividend policy is aimed at dividend stability
and a pay-out ratio of 40% to 50% of adjusted income
from continuing operations attributable to
shareholders’)

For 2019, the key exclusions to arrive at the adjusted
income from continuing operations attributable to
shareholders’) are described in Net income, Income
from operations (EBIT) and Adjusted EBITA’), starting on
page 25 in chapter Financial performance.

Proposed distribution

A proposal will be submitted to the Annual General
Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on April 30, 2020,
to declare a distribution of EUR 0.85 per common share,
in cash or shares at the option of the shareholder (up to
EUR 761 million if all shareholders would elect cash),
against the net income for 2019.

If the above dividend proposal is adopted, the shares
will be traded ex-dividend as of May 5, 2020 at the
New York Stock Exchange and Euronext Amsterdam. In
compliance with the listing requirements of the New
York Stock Exchange and Euronext Amsterdam, the
dividend record date will be May 6, 2020.

Annual Report 2019 35


--- Page 29 ---

Financial performance 4.1.12

Shareholders will be given the opportunity to make
their choice between cash and shares between May 7
and 29, 2020. If no choice is made during this election
period the dividend will be paid in cash. On May 29,
2020 after close of trading, the number of share
dividend rights entitled to one new common share will
be determined based on the volume-weighted average
price of all traded common shares of Koninklijke Philips
NV. at Euronext Amsterdam on May 27, 28 and 29,
2020. The company will calculate the number of share
dividend rights entitled to one new common share (the
ratio), such that the gross dividend in shares will be
approximately equal to the gross dividend in cash. The
ratio and the number of shares to be issued will be
announced on June 3, 2020. Payment of the dividend
and delivery of new common shares, with settlement of
fractions in cash, if required, will take place from June 4,
2020. The distribution of dividend in cash to holders of
New York Registry shares will be made in USD at the
USD/EUR rate as per WM/ Reuters FX Benchmark 2 PM
CET fixing of June 2, 2020.

ex-dividend payment
date —_ record date date

Euronext

Amsterdam May5,2020  May6,2020 June 4, 2020

New York

Stock

Exchange May5,2020 May6,2020 June 4, 2020

Further details will be given in the agenda for the 2020
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. All dates
mentioned remain provisional until then.

Dividend in cash is in principle subject to 15% Dutch
dividend withholding tax, which will be deducted from
the dividend in cash paid to the shareholders. Dividend
in shares paid out of net income and retained earnings
is subject to 15% dividend withholding tax, but only in
respect of the par value of the shares (EUR 0.20 per
share). Shareholders are advised to consult their tax
advisor on the applicable situation with respect to taxes
on the dividend received

In 2019, Philips settled a dividend of EUR 0.85 per
common share, representing a total value of EUR 775
million including costs. Shareholders could elect for a
cash dividend or a share dividend. Approximately 42%
of the shareholders elected for a share dividend,
resulting in the issuance of 9,079,538 new common
shares, leading to a 1.0% dilution. The dilution caused
by the newly issued dividend shares was more than
offset by the cancellation of 30,000,000 shares in
June, and 8,541,356 shares in December 2019. The
settlement of the cash dividend involved an amount of
EUR 453 million (including costs).

Annual Report 2019

Dividends and distributions per common share

The following table sets forth in euros the gross
dividends on the common shares in the fiscal years
indicated (from prior-year profit distribution) and such
amounts as converted into US dollars and paid to
holders of shares of the New York Registry:

Philips Group
Gross dividends on the common shares
2015 - 2019
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
in EUR 080 080 080 080 085
in USD 089 0.90 0.90 094 096

° Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and
reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS.
measure, refer to Reconciliation of non-IFRS information,
starting on page 176.

41.12 Sell-down Signify shares (former Philips

Lighting)

In 2014, Philips announced its plan to sharpen its
strategic focus by establishing two standalone
companies focused on the HealthTech and Lighting
opportunities respectively. After establishing a stand-
alone structure for lighting activities within the Philips
Group, Philips Lighting (renamed Signify in 2018) was
listed and started trading on Euronext in Amsterdam
under the symbol ‘LIGHT’ on May 27, 2016.

Following the listing of Signify, Philips retained a 71.23%
stake. Through a series of Accelerated bookbuild
offerings (in total four) and open market sales in the
course of 2017 and 2018, Philips’ shareholding was
reduced to 16.5% of Signify’s issued share capital as of
December 31, 2018. From an accounting perspective, it
is noted that Philips’ lighting activities (substantially
representing Signify shares) were presented as a
discontinued operation from April 2017, and that Signify
was deconsolidated in November 2017 and presented
as an Asset classified as held for sale until December 31,
2018. As from that date, the remaining Signify shares
were reclassified to Other current financial assets, with
fair value changes recognized through Other
comprehensive income.

During 2019, Philips sold Signify shares in the open
market, further reducing its shareholding to 10.7% of
Signify’s issued share capital. Subsequently, in
September 2019, Philips successfully completed a fifth
Accelerated bookbuild offering, reducing its
shareholding in Signify to nil.

41.13 Analysis of 2018 compared to 2017

The analysis of the 2018 financial results compared to
2017, and the discussion of the critical accounting
policies, have not been included in this Annual Report.
These sections are included in Philips’ Form 20-F for
the financial year 2019, which will be filed electronically
with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.


--- Page 30 ---

Risk management 6

6 Risk management

6.1 Our approach to risk management

Vision and objectives

Philips believes risk management is a value-creating
activity that complements our innovation and
entrepreneurship. Philips’ risk management approach is
part of the Philips Business System (PBS) and is
articulated through our governance (accountabilities
and roles), our policies on Risk Appetite, our risk
management process standard and Philips Business
Control Framework, and our General Business Principles
(GBP). These are further described in this chapter. The
company’s risk management is designed to provide
reasonable assurance that strategic and operational
objectives are met, legal requirements are complied
with, and the integrity of the company’s financial
reporting and related disclosures is safeguarded.
However, there can be no absolute assurance that our
risk management will avoid or mitigate all risks that
Philips faces. The main risks are described in Risk
factors, starting on page 52.

All forward-looking statements made on or after the
date of this Annual Report and attributable to Philips
are expressly qualified, in their entirety, by the factors
described in the cautionary statement included in
Forward-looking statements and other information,
starting on page 185 and in the overview of risk factors
described in Risk factors, starting on page 52.

Risk management governance

The Executive Committee oversees, identifies and
manages the risks Philips faces in executing its strategy.
It also defines the Risk Appetite and provides the risk
management framework, as well as monitoring the
latter's effectiveness. The Risk Management Support
Team, consisting of several functional experts covering
the various categories of enterprise risk, supports the
Executive Committee through regular analysis of the
enterprise risk profile and improvement of the risk
management framework. Management is responsible
for identifying critical risks and implementing
appropriate risk responses within their area of
responsibility. Various functions (such as Internal
Control, Quality & Regulatory, Group Security) support
management of specific risk areas.

The Internal Audit function assesses the quality of risk
management and controls through the execution of a
risk-based audit plan, as approved by the Audit
Committee of the Supervisory Board. Leadership from
the Board of Management, Executive Committee,
Businesses, Markets and key Functions meet with
Internal Audit each quarter in Audit & Risk Committees
to discuss strengths and weaknesses of risk
management and controls — as evaluated by internal

and external auditors and other (self) assessments —
and take corrective action where necessary.

The Disclosure Committee oversees the company’s
disclosure activities and assists the Board of
Management in fulfilling its responsibilities in this
respect. The Committee’s purpose is to ensure that the
company implements and maintains internal
procedures for the timely collection, evaluation and
disclosure, as appropriate, of information potentially
subject to public disclosure under the legal, regulatory
and stock exchange requirements to which the
company is subject.

The Security Steering Committee (SSC) and the Group
Security function manage security (including
cybersecurity) risks at Philips. The SSC evaluates and
sets the Group’s security strategy, issues security
policies and evaluates progress and effectiveness.
Dedicated security reports are shared with the Board of
Management, Executive Committee, Supervisory Board
and external auditors. On a quarterly basis, briefings on
cybersecurity risks are provided to the IT Audit & Risk
Committee.

The Audit Committee and the Quality & Regulatory
Committee of the Supervisory Board assist the
Supervisory Board in fulfilling its oversight
responsibilities. The quality of risk management and
controls, and the findings of internal and external
audits, are reported to, and discussed with, the Audit
Committee of the Supervisory Board. The Quality &
Regulatory Committee's role particularly relates to the
quality, including regulatory compliance, of the
company’s products (including software), services and
systems and their development, testing, manufacturing,
marketing and servicing.

In Corporate governance, starting on page 77 the
company addresses the main elements of its corporate
governance structure, reports on how it applies the
principles and best practices of the Dutch Corporate
Governance Code, and provides certain other
information.

Risk appetite

The Executive Committee and management seek to
manage risks consistently within the risk appetite. Risk
appetite is set by the Executive Committee and
described in the risk management policy. It is
effectuated as an integral part of our PBS, various
elements of which — such as Strategy, Behaviors, GBP,
Authority schedules, Policies, Process standards and
Performance management systems — include or reflect
risk taking guidance.

Annual Report 2019 49


--- Page 31 ---

50

Risk management 6.1

Philips’ risk appetite differs depending on the type of risk, ranging from an entrepreneurial to a mitigating approach. We
believe we must operate within the dynamics of the health technology industry and take the risks needed to ensure we
continually revitalize our offerings and the way we work. At the same time, Philips attaches prime importance to integrity,
product quality and safety, including compliance with regulations and quality standards. Risk appetite for the four main

risk categories is visualized below.

Philips does not classify these risk categories in order of importance.

Risk appetite Very low

<

Low Medium High Very high

>

Strategic
8. Macro econ., Health tech profile, M&A
Emerging markets, Intellectual Property

Operational
e.g. Product quality, IT, Supply chain, Innovation
process, People

Financial
eg. Treasury-related, Tax, Pensions, Accounting
and Reporting

Compliance

eg. with our General Business Principles, Legal
and Regulatory, Data privacy and Product security
requirements, Quality standards, Internal controls

Risk Management

In order to provide a comprehensive view of Philips’
risks, structured risk assessments take place according
to the Philips risk management process standard,
applying a top-down and bottom-up approach. The
process is supported by workshops with management
at Group, Business, Market and Group Function levels.
During 2019, several risk management workshops were
held.

Risk management process

Supervisory
Board

$

Executive
Committee

$

Businesses Respond
Markets to risk
Functions

Establish risk

environment

Reporting and
communication

Key elements of the Philips risk management policy are:

Management of Businesses, Markets and key
Functions perform a risk assessment at least once a
year, taking their strategic plan into consideration.
Risks are assessed and prioritized based on impact,
likelihood and effectiveness of controls, and
appropriate risk responses are implemented;

Annual Report 2019

Management monitors developments in the risk
profile and risk response effectiveness, which are
discussed each quarter in Audit & Risk Committees
and Performance Reviews;

As an integral part of the strategy review, each year
the Executive Committee assesses the enterprise risk
profile and reviews the potential risk impact versus
group risk appetite. This risk assessment takes into
account various inputs such as risk assessments of
Businesses, Markets and Functions, findings from
Philips Internal Audit, Legal and Insurance, the
materiality analysis (refer to Sustainability
statements), views from management and external
research;

Developments in the enterprise risk profile and
management's initiatives to improve risk responses
are also discussed and monitored during the
quarterly meeting of the Audit Committee of the
Supervisory Board;

At least once a year the Executive Committee
reviews the Philips risk management policy,
including risk appetite, and the risk management
approach, and improves the risk management
framework as and when required;

The Philips risk management policy, risk profile and
the risk management framework are discussed at
least once a year with the Audit Committee of the
Supervisory Board and with the full Supervisory
Board.

Examples of measures taken during 2019 to further
strengthen risk management:

Update of Philips Business System, including the risk
management policy and standard, with more explicit
requirements for management of risk, compliance
requirements and controls;


--- Page 32 ---

Establishment of a Risk & Compliance Center of
Excellence to drive knowledge sharing,
standardization and transparency;

Improvement of ERM performance reporting and
more explicit connection of enterprise risks in the
strategic performance review;

Increased use of data analytics in controls
monitoring and process mining to identify deviations
from standard;

Establishment of a Group Security function to more
closely align and coordinate security management
efforts;

Continued development of the Information Security
Program in view of the increasing exposure to
cybercrime and information security requirements
resulting from digitalization and our strategic focus
as a health technology company;

The potential impact of challenging global political
and economic developments on our results were
closely monitored, evaluated and addressed by
implementing mitigating actions to the extent
possible;

Continued significant investments in the Quality
Management System across the company. Changes
have been made to the company-wide quality
leadership, and new standards and initiatives have
been launched.

Philips Business Control Framework

The Philips Business Control Framework (PBCF) sets the
standard for Internal Control over Financial Reporting at
Philips. The objective of the PBCF is to maintain
integrated management control of the company’s
operations in order to ensure the integrity of the
financial reporting, as well as compliance with laws and
regulations. Philips has designed its PBCF based on the
Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)
established by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

As part of the PBCF, Philips has implemented a
standard set of internal controls over financial reporting.
Together with Philips’ established accounting
procedures, this standard set of internal controls is
designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets
are safeguarded, that the books and records properly
reflect transactions necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements, that policies and procedures are
carried out by qualified personnel, and that published
financial statements are properly prepared and do not
contain any material misstatements. In each unit,
management is responsible for customizing the controls
set for their business, risk profile and operations.

Each year, management's accountability for internal
controls for financial reporting is evidenced through the
formal certification statement sign-off. Any deficiencies
noted in the design and operating effectiveness of
Internal Controls over Financial Reporting which were
not completely remediated, are evaluated at year-end
by the Board of Management. The Board of
Management's report, including its conclusions
regarding the effectiveness of Internal Controls over

Risk management 6.1

Financial Reporting, can be found in Management's
report on internal control., starting on page 86

Philips General Business Principles (GBP)

As part of the Philips Business System, our GBP set the
standard for our business conduct and have been
enhanced in 2019 to more clearly reflect our health
technology strategy. The GBP form an integral part of
labor contracts in virtually every country in which Philips
operates, and translations are available in 31 languages.
Each year, employees reconfirm their commitment to
the code of conduct after completing their GBP e-
learning, while there is an additional annual sign-off for
Executives, Finance and Procurement staff. Detailed
underlying policies, manuals, training, and tools are in
place to give employees practical guidance on how to
apply and uphold the GBP in their daily work.

One of the policies underlying the GBP is the Financial
Code of Ethics which applies to designated senior
executives, including the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer and to the Senior Management in
the Philips Finance Leadership team who head up the
finance departments of the company.

The GBP Review Committee is ultimately responsible
for the effective deployment of the GBP and for
generally promoting a culture of compliance and ethics
within the company. The Committee is chaired by the
Chief Legal Officer, and its members include the Chief
HR Officer, the Chief of International Markets and the
Chief Financial Officer. Furthermore, all of our 17 markets
have quarterly market compliance committees, which
act as local satellites of the GBP Review Committee,
dealing with GBP-related matters within the local
context. They are also responsible for the design and
execution of localized compliance plans that are
tailored to their market-specific risks and organizational
set-up. The Secretariat of the GBP Review Committee,
together with a worldwide network of GBP Compliance
Officers, supports the organization with the
implementation of GBP initiatives.

As part of our continuous effort to raise GBP awareness
and foster dialogue throughout the organization, each
year a global GBP communications and training plan is
deployed, including our annual GBP Dialogue Initiative,
aimed at reinforcing a culture of dialogue while
practicing with ethical dilemmas that are relevant for
our workforce.

A key control to measure implementation of our GBP is
the GBP Self-Assessment, which is part of our Internal
Control framework. Following the 2018 review, this
enhanced control was re-deployed throughout the
organization in the first half of 2019. In addition, we
again bolstered the resources of our legal compliance
monitoring team in Chennai, India, serving both our
business customers as well as compliance networks
with actionable compliance data, thus further improving
our compliance control framework.

Annual Report 2019 51


--- Page 33 ---

52

6.2

Risk management 6.2

The GBP are supported by established mechanisms
that ensure standardized reporting and enable both
employees and third parties to escalate concerns 24/7.
Concerns raised are registered consistently in a single
database hosted outside of Philips servers to ensure
confidentiality and security of identity and information.
Encouraging people to speak up through the available
channels if they have a concern will continue to be a
cornerstone of our GBP communications and
awareness campaigns.

Through the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board,
the company also has procedures in place for the
receipt, retention and treatment of complaints
specifically relating to accounting, internal accounting
controls or auditing matters. The Reporting Policy
Accounting and Audit Matters allows the confidential,
anonymous submission of complaints regarding
questionable accounting or auditing matters.

The GBP and underlying policies, including the
Financial Code of Ethics, are published on the company
website, at www.philips.com/gbp.

Risk factors

Philips believes the risks set out below are the material
risks that could impact its ability to achieve its
objectives. These risk factors may not, however, include
all the risks that ultimately affect Philips. Some risks not
yet known to Philips, or currently believed not to be
material, may ultimately have a major impact on Philips’
business, revenues, income, assets, liquidity, capital
resources and/or ability to achieve its business
objectives. Philips defines risks in four main categories:
Strategic, Operational, Compliance and Financial risks.
Philips presents the risk factors within each risk
category in order of Philips’ current view of their
expected significance. Describing risk factors in their
order of expected significance within each risk category
does not mean that a lower listed risk factor may not
have a material and adverse impact on Philips’
business, revenues, income, assets, liquidity, capital
resources and/or ability to achieve its business
objectives. Furthermore, a risk factor listed below other
risk factors may ultimately prove to have more
significant adverse consequences than those other risk
factors.

6.3 Strategic risks

Philips may be unable to adapt swiftly to changes in
industry or market circumstances.

Fundamental shifts in the health technology industry,
such as the transition to digital and increased emphasis
on sustainability, may drastically change the business
environment in which Philips operates. The inability of
Philips to recognize these changes in good time, adjust
its business models, or introduce new products and
services in response to these changes or other
circumstances such as pricing actions by competitors,
could result in a material adverse effect on Philips’
business, financial condition and operating results.

Philips global operations are exposed to economic
and political changes that could adversely impact its
financial condition and results.

Philips’ business environment is influenced by political
and economic conditions in individual and global
markets. Mature economies are currently the main
source of revenues, while emerging economies are an
increasing source of revenues. Philips sources its
products and services mainly from the US, EU (primarily
the Netherlands) and China, and the majority of Philips’
assets are located in these geographies. In particular,
Philips expects that disruption due to coronavirus
(COVID-19) in China and elsewhere will have a negative
impact on its results of operations and on supply chains
involving the relevant jurisdictions.

Changes in monetary policy and trade and tax laws in
the US, China and EU can have a significant adverse
impact on other mature economies, emerging
economies and international financial markets. Such
changes, including tariffs and sanctions, may trigger
reactions and countermeasures, leading to adverse
impacts on global trade levels and flows, economic
growth and political stability, all of which may have an
adverse effect on business growth and stability on
international financial markets. Furthermore it is
uncertain whether Philips will be able to pass on any
additional costs resulting from these events to its
customers.

Strategic Operational
: Changes inindustry/market - Product quality and liability
+ Macroeconomic changes + Security

- Health technology profile “IT

+ Growth geographies + Supply chain

+ Joint ventures + Innovation process
+ Acquisitions integration + People

+ Intellectual property rights + Brexit

Lo

+ General Business Principles

Corporate Governance
Philips Business Control Framework

Compliance Financial
+ Product regulations and - Treasury
Data privacy + Tax
+ Market practices + Pensions

+ Accounting and reporting

ds

Philips General Business Principles

Annual Report 2019


--- Page 34 ---

The changes (and the potential impacts of such
changes) which are described above, or other factors
which may impact economic conditions relevant to
Philips, including US, Chinese and EU macro-economic
outlook, foreign policy, monetary policy, healthcare
budget, trade and tax laws, measures adopted with
respect to sustainability and climate change, and the
impact of local or global health events, are difficult to
predict. Philips may encounter difficulty in planning and
managing operations due to a lack of adequate
infrastructure, foreign currency fluctuations, import or
export controls, increased healthcare regulation,
nationalization of assets or restrictions on the
repatriation of returns from foreign investments.
Economic and political uncertainty may have a material
adverse impact on Philips’ business, financial condition
and operating results and can also make it more difficult
for Philips to budget and make financial forecasts
accurately. Instability and volatility in international
financial markets could have a negative impact on
Philips’ access to funding. Uncertainty remains as to the
levels of (public) capital expenditure in general,
unemployment levels, and consumer and business
confidence, all of which could adversely affect demand
for products and services offered by Philips. Given that
growth in emerging economies is broadly correlated to
US, Chinese and European economic growth and that
such emerging economies are increasingly important to
Philips’ business operations, the above-mentioned risks
are also expected to grow and could have an
increasingly material adverse effect on Philips’ financial
condition and results.

Philips’ overall risk profile is changing as a result of
its focus on health technology.

As Philips’ business profile shifts to focus on health
technology, with a changing products and services
portfolio and acquisitions, dispositions and partnerships
to support the execution of its health technology
strategy, Philips is more exposed to developments in
the health technology industry. It may therefore have a
reduced ability to offset potential negative impacts of
those developments through a more diversified
portfolio. As Philips transitions from selling health
technology products to selling health technology
solutions, the nature of our customer relations is also
evolving, which raises the long-term risk of (amongst
others) customer default and dependency. Dispositions
consistent with Philips’ focus on health technology,
including in relation to Philips’ domestic appliances
business, may result in additional costs and divert
management attention from other business priorities
and risks, and the timing, terms, execution and
proceeds of any such dispositions are uncertain.

Philips’ overall performance in the coming years is
depending on the realization of its growth ambitions
and results in growth geographies.

Growth geographies are becoming increasingly
important to Philips’ business plan, and Asia is an
important production, sourcing and design center for
Philips. Philips faces intense competition from local
companies as well as other global players for market
share in growth geographies. Philips needs to maintain

Risk management 6.3

and grow its position in growth geographies, invest in
data-driven services, invest in local talent, understand
developments in end-user preferences, and localize its
portfolio in order to stay competitive in these growth
geographies. If Philips fails to achieve these objectives,
it could have a material adverse effect on the
company’s business, financial condition and operating
results.

Philips may not control joint ventures or associated
companies in which it holds interests or invests,
which could limit the ability of Philips to identify and
manage risks.

Philips may from time to time hold interests and
investments in joint ventures and associated companies
in which it has a non-controlling interest and may
continue to do so. In these cases, Philips has limited
influence over, and limited or no control of, the
governance, performance and cost of operations of the
joint ventures and associated companies. Some of
these joint ventures and associated companies may
represent significant investments and potentially also
use the Philips brand. The joint ventures and associated
companies that Philips does not control may make
business, financial or investment decisions contrary to
Philips’ interests or may make decisions different from
those that Philips itself may have made. Additionally,
Philips’ partners or members of a particular joint
venture or associated company may not be able to
meet their financial or other obligations, which could
expose Philips to additional financial or other
obligations, as well as having a material adverse effect
on the value of its investments in those entities or
potentially subjecting Philips to additional claims.

Acquisitions could expose Philips to integration risks
which may negatively impact Philips’ return on
investment.

Selected acquisitions have been and are expected to be
apart of Philips’ growth strategy. Acquisitions may
expose Philips to integration risks in areas such as sales
and service force integration, logistics, regulatory
compliance, information technology and finance.
Integration difficulties and complexity may adversely
impact the realization of increased contributions from
acquisitions. Philips may incur significant acquisition,
administrative and other costs in connection with these
transactions, including costs related to the integration of
acquired businesses. Acquisitions may also divert
management attention from other business priorities
and risks. Cost savings expected to be implemented
following an acquisition may be difficult to achieve.
Acquisitions may also lead to a substantial increase in
long-lived assets, including goodwill, which may later
be subject to write-down if an acquired business does
not perform as expected, which may have a material
adverse effect on Philips’ earnings.

Annual Report 2019 53


--- Page 35 ---

54

6.4

Risk management 6.4

Philips may be unable to secure and maintain
intellectual property rights for its products and
services, or may use intellectual property rights
unauthorized, which could have a material adverse
effect on its results.

Philips is dependent on its ability to obtain and
maintain licenses and other intellectual property (IP)
rights covering its products and services and its design
and manufacturing processes. The IP portfolio is the
result of an extensive patenting process that could be
influenced by a number of factors, including innovation.
The value of the IP portfolio is dependent on the
successful promotion and market acceptance of
standards developed or co-developed by Philips. This is
particularly applicable to the segment Other, where
licenses from Philips to third parties generate IP
royalties and are important to Philips’ results of
operations. The timing of licenses from Philips to third
parties and associated revenues from IP royalties are
uncertain and may vary significantly from period to
period. A loss or impairment in connection with such
licenses to third parties could have a material adverse
impact on Philips’ financial condition and operating
results. Philips is also exposed to the risk that a third
party may claim to own the intellectual property rights
to technology applied in Philips’ products and services.
In the event that any such claims of infringement of
these intellectual property rights are successful, Philips
may be required to pay damages to such third parties,
or may incur other costs or losses.

Operational risks

Failure to comply with quality standards, product
safety laws and good manufacturing practices may
result in product liability claims against Philips and
an adverse impact on Philips’ reputation and brand.
Philips operates in a highly regulated product safety
and quality environment and is required to comply with
the highest standards of quality in the manufacture of
its medical devices and in the provision of related
services. Philips’ brand image and reputation would be
adversely impacted by non-compliance with various
product safety laws, good manufacturing practices and
data protection regulations. Philips is also exposed to
the risk that its products, including components or
materials procured from suppliers, may prove not to be
compliant with safety laws, e.g. chemical safety
regulations. Such non-compliance could result ina ban
on the sale or use of these products. In addition, quality
issues and/or liability claims related to products and
services could affect Philips’ reputation and its
relationships with key customers (both customers for
end-products and customers that use Philips’ products
and services in their business processes) and demand
for Philips products. As a result, depending on the
product and manufacturing site concerned and the
severity of the quality issue, Philips may suffer financial
losses through lost revenue and the cost of any required
remedial actions or damages claims, and such quality
issues could have further impact on Philips’ reputation,
market share and brand.

Annual Report 2019

A breach in the security of, or a significant disruption
to, our information technology systems or could
adversely affect our operating results, financial
condition, reputation and brand.

Philips relies on information technology to operate and
manage its businesses and store confidential data
(relating to employees, customers, intellectual property,
suppliers and other partners). In addition, the
integration of new acquisitions and the successful
outsourcing of business processes are highly
dependent on secure and well-controlled IT systems.
Philips’ products, solutions and services increasingly
contain sophisticated and complex information
technology and generate confidential data related to
customers and patients. Potential geopolitical conflicts
and criminal activity continue to drive increases in the
number and severity of cyber-attacks in general. Like
many other multinational companies, Philips is
therefore inherently and increasingly exposed to the
risk of cyber-attacks. Information systems may be
damaged, disrupted (including the provision of services
to customers) or shut down due to (cyber) attacks by
hackers, computer viruses or other malware. In addition,
breaches in the security of our systems (or the systems
of our customers, suppliers or other business partners)
could result in the misappropriation, destruction or
unauthorized disclosure of confidential information
(including intellectual property) or personal data
belonging to us or to our employees, partners,
customers or suppliers. The aforementioned risks are
particularly significant with respect to patient medical
records. Successful cyber-attacks may result in
substantial costs and other negative consequences,
which may include, but are not limited to, lost revenues,
reputational damage, remediation costs, and other
liabilities to regulators, customers and partners and may
involve incurrence of civil and/or criminal penalties.
Furthermore, enhanced protection measures can
involve significant costs. While cyber-attacks have not
historically resulted in significant damage, or caused
Philips to incur significant monetary cost in taking
corrective action, there can be no assurance that future
cyber-attack incidents will not result in significant
damage to Philips systems, or result in financial losses,
penalties or the other consequences described above.

Philips is exposed to risks in connection with IT
system changes or failures.

Philips continuously seeks to create a more open,
standardized and cost-effective IT landscape, for
instance through further outsourcing, offshoring,
commoditization and ongoing reduction in the number
of IT systems. These changes create third-party risk
with regard to the delivery of IT services, the availability
of IT systems, and the scope and nature of the
functionality offered by IT systems. Although Philips has
sought to strengthen security measures and quality
controls relating to these systems, these measures may
prove to be insufficient or unsuccessful.


--- Page 36 ---

If Philips is unable to ensure effective supply chain
management we may be faced for example
interruptions or rising raw material prices, which
could negatively impact our competitiveness in
markets.

Philips is continuing the process of creating a leaner
supply base with fewer suppliers, while maintaining
dual/multiple sourcing strategies where feasible. This
strategy requires close cooperation with suppliers to
enhance, among other things, time to market and
quality. In addition, Philips is continuing its initiatives to
replace internal capabilities with less costly outsourced
products and services. These processes may result in
increased dependency on external suppliers and
providers. Although Philips works closely with its
suppliers to avoid supply-related problems, there can
be no assurance that it will not encounter supply
problems in the future or that it will be able to replace a
supplier that is not able to meet demand sufficiently
quickly to avoid disruptions.

Shortages or delays could materially harm Philips’
business. Most of Philips’ activities are conducted
outside of the Netherlands, and international
operations bring challenges. For example, Philips
depends partly on the production and procurement of
products and parts from Asian countries, this
dependence constitutes a risk that production and
shipping of products and parts could be interrupted by
regional conflicts, health events such as coronavirus
(COVID-19), a natural disaster or extreme weather
events resulting from climate change. A general
shortage of materials, components or subcomponents
as a result of conflicts, health events, natural disasters
or weather events or other unanticipated events also
pose the risk of fluctuations in prices and demand,
which could have a material adverse effect on Philips’
financial condition and operating results.

Philips purchases raw materials, including so-called rare
earth metals, copper, steel, aluminum, noble gases and
oil-related products, which exposes it to fluctuations in
energy and raw material prices. In recent times,
commodities have been subject to volatile markets, and
such volatility is expected to continue. If Philips is not
able to compensate for increased costs of raw
materials, reduce reliance on such raw materials or pass
on increased costs to customers, then price increases
could have a material adverse impact on Philips’ results.
In contrast, in times of falling commodity prices, Philips
may not fully benefit from such price decreases, since
Philips attempts to reduce the risk of rising commodity
prices by several means, including long-term
contracting or physical and financial hedging.

Failure to drive operational excellence, productivity
and speed in Philips’ process to create and bring
product and solution innovations to market could
hamper Philips’ profitable growth ambitions.

To realize Philips’ ambitions for profitable growth, it is
important that the company makes further
improvements in its product and solution creation
process, ensuring timely delivery of new products and
solutions at lower cost, and in customer service levels,

Risk management 6.4

to gain sustainable competitive advantage. The
emergence of new low-cost competitors, particularly in
Asia, further underlines the importance of
improvements in the product creation process. The
success of new product and solution creation, however,
depends on a number of factors, including timely and
successful completion of development efforts, market
acceptance, Philips’ ability to manage the risks
associated with new products and production ramp-up
issues, the ability of Philips to attract and retain
employees with the appropriate skills, the availability of
products in the right quantities and at appropriate costs
to meet anticipated demand, and the risk that new
products and services may have quality or other defects
in the early stages of introduction. Costs of developing
new products and solutions may be reflected on Philips’
balance sheet and may be subject to write-down or
impairment as a result of the performance of such
products or services, and the significance and timing of
such write-downs or impairments are uncertain.
Accordingly, Philips cannot determine in advance the
ultimate effect that new product and solutions creations
will have on its financial condition and operating results.
If Philips fails to create and commercialize products, or
fails to ensure that end-user insights are translated into
solution and product creations that improve product
mix and consequently contribution, it may lose market
share and competitiveness, which could have a material
adverse effect on its financial condition and operating
results.

Because Philips is dependent on its people for
leadership and specialized skills, a loss of its ability
to attract and retain such personnel would have an
adverse effect on its business.

The attraction and retention of talented employees in
sales and marketing, research and development,
finance, and general management, as well as highly
specialized technical personnel, especially in
transferring technologies to low-cost countries, is critical
to Philips’ success. The loss of employees with
specialized skills could also result in business
interruptions. There can be no assurance that Philips
will be successful in attracting and retaining highly
qualified employees and the key personnel needed in
the future.

Brexit could have an adverse effect on the company's
operations

Philips sells products and services and currently has
manufacturing operations in the United Kingdom.
Depending on the outcome of Brexit (including future
trade arrangements between the UK and the EU or
other countries) and the transitional period following
Brexit, which are currently uncertain, the potential
financial impact ranges from adverse movements of the
pound sterling versus the euro and the US dollar to
supply chain disruptions due to the re-introduction of
customs controls and the imposition of new tariffs on
imports or exports to and from the United Kingdom.
Philips has been preparing and planning for the impact
of Brexit and future trade arrangements, however
unsuccessful negotiations or unexpected outcomes
with respect to the transitional period or future trade

Annual Report 2019 55


--- Page 37 ---

56

6.5

Risk management 6.5

arrangements may have a material adverse effect on
Philips’ financial condition and operating results.

Compliance risks

Philips is exposed to non-compliance with the
various regulatory regimes their products and
services are subject to, including data privacy
requirements.

Philips’ products and services are subject to regulation
(e.g. EU Medical Devices Regulation) by various
government and regulatory agencies (e.g. FDA (US),
NMPA (China), MHRA (UK), ASNM (France), BfArM
(Germany), IGZ (Netherlands)) that may have different
regulatory requirements and related processes.
Obtaining regulatory approvals is costly and time-
consuming, but is required for introducing products in
the market. Philips’ increased focus on the healthcare
sector increases its exposure to such highly regulated
markets, where obtaining clearances or approvals for
new products is of great importance. A delay or inability
to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for new
products could have a material adverse effect on
Philips’ business. In addition, conditions imposed by
regulatory authorities could result in product recalls or a
temporary ban on products and/or stoppages at
production facilities, or increased implementation costs
in the roll-out of products and services or claims for
damages. The risk also exists that product safety
incidents or user concerns, as in the past, could trigger
business reviews by the FDA or other regulatory
agencies: if failed, these reviews could lead to business
interruption, which in turn could adversely affect Philips’
financial condition and operating results, as well as our
reputation and brand. In light of Philips’ digital strategy,
including its holding of personal health data and
medical data, compliance with data privacy and similar
laws is increasingly important to Philips’ business and
operations. Non-compliance with any applicable laws
and regulations, including with respect to product
regulation and data privacy, may result in penalties, cost
of proceedings and litigation, and repair costs, any of
which may have a material adverse effect on Philips’
financial condition and results of operations.

Philips is exposed to governmental investigations
and legal proceedings with regard to possible anti-
competitive market practices and other matters.
Philips, including a certain number of its current and
former group companies, is involved in legal
proceedings relating to such matters as competition
issues, commercial transactions, product liability,
participations and environmental pollution. In particular,
European and various national authorities are focused
on possible anti-competitive market practices. Philips’
financial position and results could be materially
affected by an adverse final outcome of governmental
investigations and litigation, as well as any potential
related claims. In the past, Philips has been subject to
such investigations, litigation and related claims. Since
the ultimate outcome of asserted claims and
proceedings, or the impact of any claims that may be
asserted in the future, cannot be predicted with
certainty, Philips’ financial position and results of

Annual Report 2019

6.6

operations could be affected materially by adverse
outcomes.

Philips is exposed to non-compliance with business
conduct rules and regulations.

Philips’ attempts to realize its growth ambitions could
expose it to the risk of non-compliance with business
conduct rules and regulations, such as anti-bribery
provisions. This risk is heightened in growth geographies
as the legal and regulatory environment is less
developed in growth geographies compared to mature
geographies. Examples include commission payments
to third parties, remuneration payments to agents,
distributors, consultants and the like, and the
acceptance of gifts, which may be considered in some
markets to be normal local business practice. These
risks could adversely affect Philips’ financial condition
and our reputation and brand.

Financial risks

Philips is exposed to a variety of treasury risks and
other financial risks including liquidity risk, currency
risk, interest rate risk, commodity price risk, credit
risk, country risk and other insurable risk.

Negative developments impacting the liquidity of global
capital markets could affect the ability of Philips to raise
or re-finance debt in the capital markets, or could lead
to significant increases in the cost of such borrowing in
the future. If the markets expect a downgrade by the
rating agencies, or if such a downgrade has actually
taken place, this could increase the cost of borrowing,
reduce our potential investor base and adversely affect
our business.

Philips operates in over 100 countries and its reported
earnings and equity are therefore inevitably exposed to
fluctuations in exchange rates of foreign currencies
against the euro. Philips’ sales are sensitive in particular
to movements in the US dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese
yuan and a wide range of other currencies from
developed and emerging economies. Philips’ sourcing
and manufacturing spend is concentrated in the
European Union, the United States and China. Income
from operations is particularly sensitive to movements
in currencies of countries where the Group has no or
very small-scale manufacturing/local sourcing activities
but significant sales of its products or services, such as
Japan, Canada, Australia and the United Kingdom and
in a range of emerging markets such as Russia, South
Korea, Indonesia, India and Brazil.

In view of the long lifecycle of healthcare technology
solution sales and partnerships, the financial risk of
counterparties with outstanding payment obligations
creates exposure risks for Philips, particularly in relation
to accounts receivable with customers and liquid assets
and fair values of derivatives and insurance receivables
contracts with financial counterparties. A default by
counterparties in such transactions can have a material
adverse effect on Philips’ financial condition and
operating results.


--- Page 38 ---

Philips is exposed to interest rate risk, particularly in
relation to its long-term debt position; this risk can take
the form of either fair value or cash flow risk. Failure to
effectively hedge this risk can impact Philips’ financial
condition and operating results.

Philips is exposed to tax risks which could have a
significant adverse financial impact.

Philips is exposed to tax risks which could result in
double taxation, penalties and interest payments. The
source of the risks could originate from local tax rules
and regulations as well as international and EU
regulatory frameworks. These include transfer pricing
risks on internal cross-border deliveries of goods and
services, tax risks related to acquisitions and
divestments, tax risks related to permanent
establishments, tax risks relating to tax loss, interest and
tax credits carried forward and potential changes in tax
law that could result in higher tax expenses and
payments. The risks may have a significant impact on
local financial tax results, which, in turn, could adversely
affect Philips’ financial condition and operating results.

The value of the deferred tax assets, such as tax losses
carried forward, is subject to the availability of sufficient
taxable income within the tax loss-carry-forward
period, but also to the availability of sufficient taxable
income within the foreseeable future in the case of tax
losses carried forward with an indefinite carry-forward
period. The ultimate realization of the company’s
deferred tax assets, including tax losses and tax credits
carried forward, depends on the generation of future
taxable income in the countries where the temporary
differences, unused tax losses and unused tax credits
were incurred, and on periods during which the
deferred tax assets become deductible. Additionally, in
certain instances, realization of such deferred tax assets
depends on the successful execution of tax planning
strategies. Accordingly, there can be no absolute
assurance that all deferred tax assets, such as (net) tax
losses and credits carried forward, will be realized.

Philips has defined-benefit pension plans and other
post-retirement plans in a number of countries. The
funded status and maintenance cost are influenced
by movements in financial markets and demographic
developments, which may result in volatility in
Philips’ financials.

Asignificant proportion of (former) employees in
Europe and North and Latin America are covered by
defined-benefit pension plans and other post-
retirement plans. The accounting for such plans requires
management to make estimates on assumptions such
as discount rates, inflation, longevity, expected cost of
medical care and expected rates of compensation.
Changes in these assumptions (e.g. due to movements
in financial markets) can have a significant impact on
the Defined Benefit Obligation and net interest cost.

Risk management 6.6

Flaws in internal controls would adversely affect our
financial reporting and management process.
Accurate disclosures provide investors and other market
professionals with significant information for a better
understanding of Philips’ businesses. Failures in internal
controls or other issues with respect to Philips’ public
disclosures, including disclosures with respect to
cybersecurity risks and incidents, could create market
uncertainty regarding the reliability of the data
(including financial data) presented and could have a
negative impact on the price of Philips securities. In
addition, the reliability of revenue and expenditure data
is key for steering the businesses and for managing top-
line and bottom-line growth. The long lifecycle of
healthcare technology solution sales, from order
acceptance to accepted installation and servicing,
together with the complexity of the accounting rules for
when revenue can be recognized in the accounts,
presents a challenge in terms of ensuring consistent
and correct application of the accounting rules
throughout Philips’ global business. Any flaws in
internal controls, or regulatory or investor actions in
connection with flaws in internal controls, could
adversely affect Philips’ financial condition, results of
operation, reputation and brand.

Annual Report 2019 57
