

--- Page 1 ---

2

A.1 Organization of the Siemens Group

and basis of presentation

Siemens is a technology company that is active in nearly all coun-
tries of the world, focusing on the areas of automation and digi-
talization in the process and manufacturing industries, intelligent
infrastructure for buildings and distributed energy systems, con-
ventional and renewable power generation and power distribu-
tion, smart mobility solutions for rail and road and medical tech-
nology and digital healthcare services.

Siemens comprises Siemens AG, a stock corporation under the
Federal laws of Germany, as the parent company and its subsid-
iaries. Our Company is incorporated in Germany, with our corpo-
rate headquarters situated in Munich. As of September 30, 2019,
Siemens had around 385,000 employees.

At the end of fiscal 2018, Siemens announced its “Vision 2020+”
company strategy. The main aim of “Vision 2020+" is to give
Siemens’ individual businesses significantly more entrepreneurial
freedom under the strong Siemens brand in order to sharpen
their focus on their respective markets. As a result, we imple-
mented a new organizational structure in fiscal 2019 consisting
of the three Operating Companies Digital Industries, Smart In-
frastructure and Gas and Power, and the three Strategic Com-
panies Mobility, Siemens Healthineers and Siemens Gamesa
Renewable Energy. These six industrial businesses are reportable
segments, which together are reported as “Industrial Businesses”.
Financial Services (SFS), which supports the activities of our in-
dustrial businesses and also conducts its own business with exter-
nal customers, continues to be a reportable segment outside our
Industrial Businesses. Furthermore, we report Portfolio Compa-
nies, which comprises businesses that are managed separately to
improve their performance. For further information on the reorga-
nization of our businesses, see —> A.3 SEGMENT INFORMATION. In this
Annual Report, we report financial results for fiscal 2019 according
to the new company structure on a full year basis. Prior-period
amounts are presented on a comparable basis.

Our reportable segments and Portfolio Companies may do busi-

ness with each other, leading to corresponding orders and reve-
nue. Such orders and revenue are eliminated on the Group level.

Combined Management Report

Non-financial matters of the Group

and Siemens AG

Siemens has policies for environmental, employee and social
matters, for the respect of human rights, and anti-corruption and
bribery matters, among others. Our business model is described
in chapters > a.1 and a.3 of this Combined Management Report.
Reportable information that is necessary for an understanding of
the development, performance, position and the impact of our
activities on these matters is included in this Combined Manage-
ment Report, in particular in chapters —> a.3 through a.7. For-
ward-looking information, including risk disclosures, is presented
in chapter -> a.s. Chapter — a.9 includes additional informa-
tion that is required to be reported in the Combined Manage-
ment Report related to the parent company Siemens AG. As sup-
plementary information, amounts reported in the Consolidated
Financial Statements and the Annual Financial Statements of
Siemens AG related to such non-financial matters, and additional
explanations thereto, are included in -> 8.6 NOTES TO CONSOLI-
DATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, NOTES 17, 18, 22, 26 and 27, and in the
ZA NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF SIEMENS AG FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2019, NOTES 16, 17, 20, 21 andas.
These disclosures are not subject to a specific framework in
order to inform the users of the financial reports in a focused
manner — in contrast to the disclosures in our separately
available “Sustainability Information 2019” document, which are
based on the standards developed by the Global Reporting
Initiative (GRI).


--- Page 2 ---

A.2 Financial performance system

A.2.1 Overview

The Siemens Financial Framework includes targets that we aim
to achieve over the cycle of the business activities.

A.2.2 Revenue growth

In the Siemens Financial Framework we aim to achieve a revenue
growth range of 4% to 5% per year on a comparable basis. Our
primary measure for managing and controlling our revenue
growth is comparable growth, because it shows the development
in our business net of currency translation effects, which arise
from the external environment outside of our control, and port-
folio effects, which involve business activities which are either
new to or no longer a part of the respective business.

Currency translation effects are the difference between revenue
for the current period calculated using the exchange rates of the
current period and revenue for the current period calculated us-
ing the exchange rates of the comparison period. For calculating
the percentage change year-over-year, this absolute difference is
divided by revenue for the comparison period. A portfolio effect
arises in the case of an acquisition or a disposition and is calcu-
lated as the change year-over-year in revenue of the relevant
business resulting specifically from the acquisition or disposition.
For calculating the percentage change, this absolute change is
divided by revenue for the comparison period. For orders, we
apply the same calculations for currency translation and portfolio
effects as described above.

A.2.3 Profitability
and capital efficiency

Within the Siemens Financial Framework, we aim to achieve mar-
gins that are comparable to those of our relevant competitors.
Therefore, we have defined profit margin ranges for our indus-
trial businesses which are based on the profit margins of their
respective relevant competitors. Profit margin is defined as profit
of the respective business divided by its revenue. For our indus-
trial businesses, profit represents EBITA adjusted for operating
financial income (expenses), net, and amortization of intangible
assets not acquired in business combinations (Adjusted EBITA).

We have set the following margin ranges in our Siemens Financial
Framework:

TT
Margin ranges

Margin range

Digital Industries 17 - 23%
Smart Infrastructure 10 - 15%
Gas and Power 8- 12%
Mobility 9- 12%
Siemens Healthineers 17-21%
Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy 7-11%

Industrial Businesses 11-15%
Financial Services (ROE after tax) 17 - 22%

Margin ranges for Siemens Healthineers and Siemens Gamesa
Renewable Energy reflect our expectations as a majority share-
holder.

In line with common practice in the financial services business,
our financial indicator for measuring capital efficiency at Finan-
cial Services is return on equity after tax, or ROE after tax. ROE is
defined as Financial Services’ profit after tax, divided by its aver-
age allocated equity.

For purposes of managing and controlling profitability at the
Group level, we use net income as our primary measure. This mea-
sure is the main driver of basic earnings per share (EPS) from net
income, which we use in communication to the capital markets.

We seek to work profitably and as efficiently as possible with the
capital provided by our shareholders and lenders. For purposes
of managing and controlling our capital efficiency, we use return
on capital employed, or ROCE, as our primary measure in our
Siemens Financial Framework. Our long-term goal is to achieve
ROCE within a range of 15% to 20%.

Combined Management Report

3


--- Page 3 ---

A.2.4 Capital structure

Sustainable revenue and profit development is supported by a
healthy capital structure. Accordingly, a key consideration within
the Siemens Financial Framework is to maintain ready access to
the capital markets through various debt products and preserve
our ability to repay and service our debt obligations over time.
Our primary measure for managing and controlling our capital
structure is the ratio of Industrial net debt to EBITDA (continuing
operations). This financial measure indicates the approximate
amount of time in years that would be needed to cover Industrial
net debt through income from continuing operations, without
taking into account interest, taxes, depreciation and amortiza-
tion. We aim to achieve a ratio of up to 1.0.

A.2.5 Liquidity and dividend

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to our share-
holders. Under the Siemens Financial Framework, our intention
is to propose a dividend whose distribution volume is within a
dividend payout range of 40% to 60% of Net income attributable
to shareholders of Siemens AG, which we may adjust for this pur-
pose to exclude selected exceptional non-cash effects. As in the
past, we intend to fund the dividend payout from Free cash flow.
To provide an assessment of our ability to generate cash, and
ultimately to pay dividends, we use the cash conversion rate of
Industrial Businesses, defined as the ratio of Free cash flow from
Industrial Businesses to Adjusted EBITA Industrial Businesses. Be-
cause growth requires investments, we aim to achieve a cash
conversion rate of 1 minus the annual comparable revenue
growth rate of Industrial Businesses.

At the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, the Managing Board, in
agreement with the Supervisory Board, will submit the following
proposal to allocate the unappropriated net income of
Siemens AG for fiscal 2019: to distribute a dividend of €3.90 on
each share of no par value entitled to the dividend for fiscal year
2019 existing at the date of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting; to
allocate €2,069 million to retained earnings; the remaining
amount is to be carried forward. Payment of the proposed divi-
dend is contingent upon approval by Siemens shareholders at the
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on February 5, 2020. The prior-
year dividend was €3.80 per share.

The proposed dividend of €3.90 per share for fiscal 2019 rep-
resents a total payout of €3.2 billion based on the estimated
number of shares entitled to dividend at the date of the Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting. Based on Net income attributable to
Shareholders of Siemens AG of €5.2 billion for fiscal 2019, the
dividend payout percentage is 61%.

Combined Management Report

A.2.6 Calculation of return
on capital employed

a ———~ 7 _—_—_
Calculation of ROCE

Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2019 2018
Net income 5,648
Less: Other interest expenses/income, net* (529)
Plus: SFS Other interest expenses/income 763

Plus: Net interest expenses related
to provisions for pensions and similar

obligations 148
Less: Interest adjustments

(discontinued operations) -

Less: Taxes on interest adjustments

(tax rate (flat) 30%) (115)
(1) Income before interest after tax 5,916 6,401
(Il) Average capital employed 53,459 50,715
(1/1) ROCE 11.1% 12.6%

1 Item Other interest expenses/income, net primarily consists of interest relating to corporate
debt, and related hedging activities, as well as interest income on corporate assets,

For purposes of calculating ROCE in interim periods, income be-
fore interest after tax is annualized. Average capital employed is
determined using the average of the respective balances as of
the quarterly reporting dates for the periods under review.

a
Calculation of capital employed

Total equity

Plus: Long-term debt

Plus: Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt

Less: Cash and cash equivalents

Less: Current interest-bearing debt securities

Plus: Provisions for pensions and similar obligations

Less: Financial Services debt

Less: Fair value hedge accounting adjustment

Plus: Adjustments from assets classified as held for disposal and
liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal

Less: Adjustment for deferred taxes on net accumulated actuarial
gainsilosses on provisions for pensions and similar obligations

Capital employed (continuing and discontinued operations)



--- Page 4 ---

A.3 Segment information

A.3.1 Overall economic conditions

In fiscal 2019, global gross domestic product (GDP) growth lost
its momentum. After GDP grew by 3.2% in calendar 2018, growth
is expected to recede to 2.6% in calendar 2019. This cool-down
was hardly expected at the beginning of fiscal 2019: in Octo-
ber 2018, GDP growth for calendar 2019 was forecast at 3.1%.

The main reason for this significant deceleration of the global
economy was the escalating trade dispute between the U.S. and
China. In addition, geopolitical tensions in the Middle East con-
tributed to uncertainty, which weighed on capital investments.
Global exchange of goods started to decline from October 2018,
leading to near-stagnation of industrial production afterwards.

Accordingly, the slowdown of the global economy was attribut-
able in particular to regions and countries where trade and indus-
try are of high importance. In Europe, this was especially true for
Germany and Italy, where industrial production (excluding con-
struction) had started to recede already in calendar 2018. In addi-
tion, European economies suffered from continued uncertainties
regarding the U.K. leaving the European Union (Brexit) and the
budget clash between the European Commission and Italy’s gov-
ernment, both weighing especially on business investment envi-
ronment. In the Americas, the slowdown was very pronounced in
Mexico and Canada, and to a smaller extent in the more consump-
tion-driven U.S. economy, where a fiscal boost helped the econ-
omy. In Asia, China continued on its announced path to gradually
rebalance its economy, which has resulted in decelerating overall
GDP growth. Government stimulus programs have partly buffered
the Chinese economy from trade dispute headwinds, but the con-
flict is nevertheless taking a toll. Economic dynamics deteriorated
markedly in India, where a decline in domestic consumption was
the biggest drag on growth. Countries dependent on commodi-
ties and raw material exporting, notably Chile, Brazil and Argen-
tina, saw declines in commodity prices in addition to other ad-
verse factors including domestic political and financial instability.

In advanced countries, calendar 2019 GDP growth is estimated at
1.6%, 0.7 percentage points lower than 2018. For emerging coun-
tries, the GDP growth rate is estimated to recede from 4.6% in
calendar 2018 to 4.1% in 2019.

The partly estimated figures presented here for GDP are based on
an IHS Markit report dated October 15, 2019.

A.3.2 Digital Industries

The Operating Company Digital Industries was formed in fiscal
2019, through a combination of the former Digital Factory Divi-
sion (excluding the control products business) with the process

automation and large drives businesses (excluding the industrial
applications and traction businesses) of the former Process
Industries and Drives Division. It offers a comprehensive product
portfolio and system solutions for automation used in discrete
and process industries; these offerings include automation sys-
tems and software for factories, numerical control systems, mo-
tors, drives and inverters and integrated automation systems for
machine tools and production machines. Digital Industries also
provides process control systems, machine-to-machine commu-
nication products, sensors (including sensors measuring pres-
sure, temperature, level, flow rate, distance or shape) and radio
frequency identification systems. Furthermore, the Operating
Company offers product and production lifecycle software, and
software for simulation and testing of mechatronic systems, sup-
plemented by the electronic design automation software port-
folio of Mentor Graphics (Mentor) and the open, cloud-based
industrial internet of things (IloT) operating system MindSphere,
which connects machines and physical infrastructure to the dig-
ital world. To increase growth and accelerate adoption of Mind-
Sphere, Digital Industries acquired Mendix group (Mendix) at the
beginning of fiscal 2019. Mendix is a pioneer and leader in
cloud-native low-code application development, which can sig-
nificantly reduce app development times through visual repre-
sentation of underlying code (for more information on the acqui-
sition of Mendix, see > NoTE3 in B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS). Digital Industries also provides customers
with lifecycle and data-driven services. Taken together, the Oper-
ating Company's offerings enable customers to optimize entire
value chains from product design and development to produc-
tion and post-sale services. With its advanced software solutions
in particular, Digital Industries supports customers in the discrete
manufacturing, hybrid and process industries in their evolution
towards the “Digital Enterprise,” resulting in increased flexibility
and efficiency of production processes and reduced time to mar-
ket for new products. Among its most important customer seg-
ments are the automotive industry, the machine building indus-
try, the pharmaceutical and chemicals industry, the food and
beverage industry and the electronics and semiconductor indus-
try. Digital Industries serves its customers through a common
regional sales organization, spanning all its businesses, using
various sales channels depending on the type of customer and
industry. Changes in customer demand, especially for standard
products, are strongly driven by macroeconomic cycles, and can
lead to significant short-term fluctuation in the Operating Com-
pany’s profitability. The competition for Digital Industries’ busi-
ness activities can be grouped into two categories: multinational
companies that offer a relatively broad portfolio and companies
that are active only in certain geographic or product markets.

Digital Industries sees three basic trends influencing its business

and providing long-term growth opportunities. Producers of in-
vestment goods in today’s increasingly digital environment must

Combined Management Report


--- Page 5 ---

modernize their production capacity to remain competitive. This
environment also spurs producers to complement their core
products with vertical solutions and service offerings, which their
customers either need or want in order to take full advantage of
the investment goods. Further, there is a trend from globalization
to regionalization to either protect local economies or to better
adapt solutions to local needs.

Research & Development (R&D) activities at Digital Industries
are aimed at integrating technologies such as artificial intelli-
gence (Al), edge computing, industrial 5G, autonomous handling
systems and additive manufacturing into Digital Industries’ exten-
sive portfolio for industrial automation and digitalization. An ex-
ample of this integrative approach is a new module with an inte-
grated Al-capable chip for the Simatic $7-1500 programable logic
controller, which enables the optimization of robot-based handling
processes. Similarly, the latest version of Digital Industries’ NX soft-
ware has been enhanced with machine learning and Al capabili-
ties, so it can predict next steps and help customers use the soft-
ware more efficiently. In Digital Industries’ own factories, Al has
already been proven: The integration of edge computing, Al and
MindSphere reduced the number of final inspection processes
during X-ray inspection of printed circuit boards for Simatic prod-
ucts. Digital Industries, along with other Siemens units, is also
running research projects for industrial 5G and establishing sev-
eral 5G interoperability test centers under actual operational tech-
nology conditions. The Operating Company’s latest machine tool
controller, Sinumerik ONE, was developed entirely through virtu-
alization of both the product’s design and its manufacturing
processes. The newly developed process control system, PCS neo,
is designed for easy, efficient scaling from a small process module
up to the largest process plants in the world. Major investments
of Digital Industries in fiscal 2019 relate to the factory automation,
motion control systems and process automation businesses,
including capital expenditure in production facilities in China.

Fiscal year % Change

(in millions of €) 2019 2018 Actual Comp.
Orders 15,944 2)
Revenue 16,087 3

therein: software

business 4,039 13 8%
Adjusted EBITA 2,880 1%
Adjusted EBITA margin 17.9%

Orders for Digital Industries declined due to lower demand in the
short-cycle factory automation and motion control businesses,
which faced increasingly adverse market conditions during
the course of the fiscal year, particularly in the automotive and

Combined Management Report

machine building industries. These declines were only partly off-
set by clear growth in the process automation business and a
moderate increase in the software business, which was due to
positive currency translation effects and new volume from recent
acquisitions, particularly including Mendix. The latter two busi-
nesses were also the drivers for revenue growth, as year-over-
year revenue growth for the short-cycle businesses in the first
half of fiscal 2019 gave way to declines in the second half. Ona
geographic basis, orders declined in the regions Europe, C.I.S.,
Africa, Middle East and in the Americas, only partly offset by an
increase in the Asia, Australia region. Revenue rose in all three
reporting regions. The software business strengthened its contri-
bution to Adjusted EBITA with a double-digit increase. Higher
expenses related to new cloud-based offerings were partly offset
by a €50 million gain from the sale of an equity investment.
The process automation business showed a moderate increase in
Adjusted EBITA, due mainly to higher revenue. Nevertheless,
Adjusted EBITA for Digital Industries overall came in slightly lower
year-over-year due to clear declines in the short-cycle businesses.
Severance charges were €92 million in fiscal 2019, up from
€75 million a year earlier. Digital Industries’ order backlog was
€5 billion at the end of the fiscal year, of which €4 billion are
expected to be converted into revenue in fiscal 2020.

Digital Industries achieved its results in a market environment
that lost momentum in the course of fiscal 2019. In particular,
demand for investment goods eroded notably in the second half
of the fiscal year. All regions were impacted by the slowdown,
and countries with strong focus on investment goods and strong
export ties to China suffered notably. While process industries
still benefited from positive development of raw material prices,
discrete industries faced headwinds from low demand including
destocking effects. The automotive industry was hit by produc-
tion cuts in Europe and weak demand in China. This, among
other factors, also impacted the machine building industry, par-
ticularly affecting customers in Germany and Japan. Production
growth in the pharmaceutical and chemicals industries flattened
during the course of fiscal 2019, due in part to spillover effects
from the automotive industry on related chemicals segments.
The food and beverage industry grew modestly and global elec-
tronics and semiconductor production expanded but prices were
under pressure. For fiscal 2020, the market environment for Dig-
ital Industries is expected to weaken further. Manufacturing in-
vestments are expected to decrease at least moderately but then
begin to stabilize in the second half of fiscal 2020. An overall
decline in investment sentiment caused by global trade tensions,
among other factors, dampens short-term expectations and fuels
increasing cautiousness for investments globally. A weakening of
growth in China could lead to spillover effects in other Asian
countries and also in Europe.


--- Page 6 ---

A.3.3 Smart Infrastructure

The Operating Company Smart Infrastructure supplies and in-
telligently connects energy systems and building technologies,
to significantly improve efficiency and sustainability and support
its customers to address major technology shifts. Smart Infra-
structure was formed in fiscal 2019, through a combination of the
former Building Technologies Division; the low- and medium-
voltage products and systems and digital grid businesses of the
former Energy Management Division; and the control products
business of the former Digital Factory Division. Smart Infrastruc-
ture brings together energy supply — from intelligent control
across the grid and low- and medium-voltage electrification and
control products — with building technology: from building auto-
mation to fire safety and security to energy efficiency. At the grid
edge, there are high growth markets in energy storage, distrib-
uted energy systems and prosumption, electric vehicle infrastruc-
ture and microgrids. The Operating Company serves its custom-
ers through a broad variety of channels, including its global
product and systems sales organization, distributors, panel build-
ers, original equipment manufacturers (OEM), value added re-
sellers and installers, as well as by direct sales through the branch
offices of its regional solutions and services units worldwide.
Smart Infrastructure’s customer base is diverse. It encompasses
infrastructure developers, construction companies and contrac-
tors; owners, operators and tenants of both public and commer-
cial buildings including hospitals, campuses, airports and data
centers; utilities and power distribution network operators; com-
panies in heavy industries such as oil and gas, mining and chem-
icals; and companies in discrete manufacturing industries such
as automotive and machine building. Smart Infrastructure’s prin-
cipal competitors consist mainly of large multinational compa-
nies together with smaller manufacturers in emerging countries.
Its solutions and services business also competes with local play-
ers such as system integrators and with facility management
firms. The degree to which Smart Infrastructure’s businesses are
impacted by changes in the overall economic environment differs
by customer segments. While customer demand in discrete man-
ufacturing industries changes quickly and strongly with macroeco-
nomic cycles, demand in infrastructure, construction, heavy indus-
tries and the utilities sector reacts more slowly to economic cycles.
Overall, the Operating Company's regional and vertical markets
diversification, its mix of products, systems, solutions and services
businesses, and its participation in both long- and short-cycle mar-
kets, all provide a balanced and resilient business mix.

The markets served are experiencing shifts that offer opportuni-
ties where building technologies and electrification markets
come together. Key trends include rising population and urban-
ization, increasing need for safe, secure and sustainable environ-
ments with interactive, comfortable spaces and low energy, op-
erating and maintenance costs. These trends lead to cross-sector

coupling, such as electrification of heat and transportation to
optimize energy efficiency. Decarbonization is changing the
energy generation mix towards renewable energy sources, which
fluctuate with time of day and weather conditions. As a result,
the energy system is becoming increasingly decentralized, more
strongly influenced by prosumers, and more dependent on inte-
gration of intermittent/distributed energy sources including
wind, photovoltaic and biomass, and increasing the need for
smart storage and efficient and reliable power networks. Both
smarter buildings and the integration of more distributed energy
sources into conventional power networks result in increasing
complexity with rising volumes of data, bi-directional energy and
information flows. These can be reliably managed only through
digitalization of buildings, transportation and energy systems.

Smart Infrastructure’s R&D activities on the one hand focus on
addressing the trends of decentralization, decarbonization and
digitalization of energy markets. On the other hand, R&D ex-
penses strengthen Smart Infrastructure’s capabilities to create
comfortable, safe and energy-efficient buildings and infrastruc-
tures and to support increased efficiency of occupants, equipment
and the use of building space. The Operating Company is expand-
ing its digital offerings in its existing businesses while integrating
recent acquisitions in the critical power control systems, power
electronics and building loT space. Furthermore, it develops tech-
nologies for environmentally friendly and increasingly renewable
energy systems, ranging from photovoltaic inverter technology to
battery storage and charging solutions for e-mobility. In this re-
gard, data from field devices is the basis to intelligently deliver grid
flexibility and permanently match energy supply and demand
while protecting grid assets. For electrical distribution systems and
industrial plants, Smart Infrastructure continuously drives digitali-
zation of its switching and control products with built-in intelli-
gence, connectivity to the cloud, and increasingly remote diagnos-
tics and edge computing capability. Its digital twins of products,
building systems or grids deliver customer value with online con-
figuration tools, maintenance and service management. Smart
Infrastructure develops data-driven applications and digital
services with the Mindsphere in various cloud environments. Its
investments relate to a large extent to the products businesses
and its factories, with a strong focus on innovation.

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2019 2018 Actual Comp.
Orders 16,244 15,198 7 49
Revenue 15,225 14,445 5 34

therein: product

business 5,530 5,302 49 2%
Adjusted EBITA 1,500 1,574 (6
Adjusted EBITA margin 9.9% 10.9

Combined Management Report


--- Page 7 ---

8

Orders and revenue for Smart Infrastructure rose in all three
businesses — solutions and services, systems and software, and
the products business — and in all three reporting regions. Order
growth was strongest in the solutions and services business ona
sharply higher volume from large orders in the Americas and
Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East. Revenue rose most strongly in
the systems and software and the solutions and services busi-
nesses, particularly in the Americas. Revenue growth in the prod-
uct business was due to low voltage products, while revenue in
the other products businesses came in close to prior-year levels
due partly to less favorable conditions in short-cycle markets.
Adjusted EBITA declined due mainly to the systems and software
business including negative effects related to grid control proj-
ects early in the year. Adjusted EBITA also included higher
expenses year-over-year related to expansion of smart building
offerings and for grid edge activities. Severance charges were
€48 million in fiscal 2019 compared to €34 million a year earlier.
Smart Infrastructure’s order backlog was €10 billion at the end of
the fiscal year, of which €7 billion are expected to be converted
into revenue in fiscal 2020.

Smart Infrastructure achieved its results in overall moderately
growing markets in fiscal 2019. The grid markets benefited from
the need for intelligent and flexible energy networks and for
automation, particularly in Asia, Australia and the Americas.
Heavy industries and the infrastructure industry also developed
favorably during fiscal 2019, driven by investments in oil and gas
markets, in data centers and in transportation infrastructure,
such as for e-mobility. Discrete industries, which started strong
in fiscal 2019, experienced a downturn in the second half of the
fiscal year. Construction markets continued their stable growth
during the fiscal year, particularly in the U.S. and China and in the
non-residential construction market overall. Growth in the im-
portant building electrification and automation market was
driven by demand for building performance and sustainability
offerings, including strong demand for energy efficiency and dig-
ital services. In fiscal 2020, market growth overall is expected to
be lower than in fiscal 2019, due to an expected continuation of
the downturn in the short-cycle markets, economic uncertainty
in a number of countries due to trade conflicts, and other factors.

Beginning with fiscal 2020, the distribution transformer business
will be transferred to the Operating Company Gas and Power. If
this organizational structure had already existed in fiscal 2019,
Smart Infrastructure would have posted orders of €15.590 bil-
lion, revenue of €14.597 billion, Adjusted EBITA of €1.465 billion
and an Adjusted EBITA margin of 10.0%.

Combined Management Report

A.3.4 Gas and Power

The Operating Company Gas and Power offers a broad spectrum
of products and solutions for generating electricity, for produc-
tion, transport and downstream operations involving oil and gas,
and for installing and operating transmission grids. In addition,
it offers a comprehensive set of services related to these products
and solutions such as performance enhancements, maintenance
services, customer training and professional consulting. Finally,
Gas and Power offers comprehensive turnkey solutions that inte-
grate the products and systems from its businesses. Gas and
Power was formed in fiscal 2019 through a combination of the
former Power and Gas and Power Generation Services Divisions
with the transmission products, systems and solutions busi-
nesses of the former Energy Management Division. Due to the
broad range of its offerings, the revenue mix for Gas and Power
may vary from reporting period to reporting period depending
on the share of revenue attributable to products, solutions and
services. Because profitability levels typically differ among these
three revenue sources, the revenue mix in a reporting period ac-
cordingly affects Adjusted EBITA of Gas and Power for that period.

In the power generation and oil and gas businesses, the portfolio
includes gas turbines, steam turbines, generators for gas or
steam power plants, turbo and reciprocating compressor trains,
reciprocating engines, modular power supply and integrated
power plant solutions, and instrumentation and control systems
for power generation. Customers include public utilities and in-
dependent power producers; companies in engineering, procure-
ment and construction (EPC) that serve utilities and power pro-
ducers; sovereign and multinational oil companies; midstream
operators; independent oil and gas, petrochemical and chemical
companies, and industrial customers that generate power and
heat for their own consumption (prosumers). The competition
consists mainly of two groups: a relatively small number of orig-
inal equipment manufacturers (OEM), some with very strong
positions in their domestic markets, and on the other hand a
large number of EPC contractors.

In the transmission business, the portfolio includes products, sys-
tems and solutions that enable multi-vendor and bidirectional
flow of energy and information. These offerings are key building
blocks of modernized energy grids, which must integrate renew-
able sources with their fluctuating levels of power generation
and also incorporate efficient electrical storage and sophisticated
load management. The portfolio also includes power transform-
ers, high voltage switchgear and components, high-voltage di-
rect current (HVDC) products and HVDC and grid access solutions
as well as relevant transmission services. The transmission busi-
ness serves a broad range of customers including power produc-
ers, transmission and distribution system operators, and indus-
trial and infrastructure customers in industries such as oil and


--- Page 8 ---

gas, chemicals, mining, data centers, airports, and rail compa-
nies. Competitors in the transmission business consist mainly of
a small number of large multinational companies, increasingly
joined by smaller, fast-growing manufacturers in emerging coun-
tries including China, India and Korea.

Several trends are affecting the businesses of the Operating Com-
pany. In the power generation business, the ongoing strong
growth in demand for power from renewable sources — which
come with associated short-term fluctuations in power genera-
tion levels — is shifting market demand from fossil baseload gen-
eration to more flexible, highly efficient and affordable gas power
plants with low emissions, in particular in Europe, Latin America
and Asia. A second trend is that the development and execution
of large projects increasingly requires financing by the OEM, in-
cluding equity participation. For Gas and Power, this role is ful-
filled by Financial Services, which can offer customers a range of
financing and equity options backed by domain know-how. In
general, the markets for the Operating Company are strongly af-
fected by changes in national energy regulations, such as support
of renewable energy, the security of supply through capacity mar-
kets or strategic reserve capacity, carbon pricing and climate
change targets, and modernization of energy and electricity mar-
kets. Fuel efficiency standards in the U.S. and the European Union
are expected to weigh on future demand for fossil transportation
fuels in these regions, contrasting with strong growth in transpor-
tation-related fuel use in other world regions, particularly in Asia.

In Oil and Gas, the role of natural gas compared to other fossil
fuels is growing from the mid- to long-term perspective, facili-
tated by its lower carbon footprint. Furthermore, declining pro-
duction from maturing oil and gas fields, or depletion, requires
improved recovery technologies as well as additional mechanical
and electrical power, necessitating continuous investments. At
the same time, oil and gas companies increasingly focus on asset
economics and emission footprint, requiring products and solu-
tions offering an improved balance of high asset productivity
with safety and environmental performance. Generally, our oil
and gas business benefits from these major market trends. At the
same time, our diversified and global presence across the oil and
gas value chain and other industries — each following their own
business cycles — offers stable opportunities for our business.

The transmission business generally benefits from major trends
and changes in global electrical power systems, in particular
decarbonization, digitalization and global electrification. Decar-
bonization is shifting the focus of generation to both central and
decentral renewables. This shift increases demand for offshore
connectivity and grid stability, requiring environmentally friendly
products and systems. The integration of wind power, photo-
voltaics, biomass, storage and other intermittent or distributed
energy resources into efficient and reliable power networks

increases grid complexity. Holistic asset transparency to increase
efficiency of existing grid assets and performance, enabled by
digitalization, is becoming increasingly important. Digitalization
involves increased product and system connectivity and provid-
ing intelligent solutions for the management of complex energy
networks. Connected assets provide value potential for additional
services and enhanced asset operation. The continuously grow-
ing demand for electricity worldwide requires stable transporta-
tion of greener bulk power with minimal losses from the location
of generation to different demand load centers, some of which
may even be located in other countries.

R&D activities of the power generation and oil and gas busi-
nesses concentrate on developing products and solutions for
enhancing efficiency and flexibility, and for reducing greenhouse
gas emissions in power generation and in the oil and gas indus-
try. These products and solutions include turbomachinery —
primarily high-performance, low-emission gas turbines for sim-
ple-cycle operation or for combined-cycle power plants — and
compressor solutions combining electrical, automation, and
digitalization offerings for oil and gas as well as process indus-
tries. A field of activity is using hydrogen as a renewable fuel in
gas turbines. Gas and Power is also intensifying R&D in innova-
tive materials, advanced manufacturing methods and plant opti-
mization. In the transmission business, R&D activities focus on
preparing the portfolio for a deregulated environment in which
total cost of ownership is decisive. Innovations accordingly focus
on product digitalization, power electronics, software-driven
power control, environmentally friendly products and systems,
and grid stabilization. The increasing infeed of renewable energy
to power grids, with distributed generation on the rise, requires
those grids to become more flexible and efficient. The invest-
ments of Gas and Power are focused on enhancing productivity
through automation and increasing customer proximity via stra-
tegic localization of capacity. Investing activities mainly relate to
gas turbines and turbine components.

Fiscal year % Change

(in millions of €) 2019 2018 Actual Comp.
Orders 19,975 8 74
Revenue 17,663 GB

therein: service

business 8,025 3" 2
Adjusted EBITA 679 G
Adjusted EBITA margin 3.8%

Orders were up clearly year-over-year, due mainly to higher
orders in the new-unit business. Volume from large orders
increased significantly year-over-year; among the contract wins

Combined Management Report


--- Page 9 ---

10

was a €0.4 billion order for a combined-cycle power plant, in-
cluding service in France; a HVDC order worth €0.4 billion in
Germany; a €0.3 billion order for a large offshore grid connec-
tion project in the U.K.; and a €0.3 billion order in the solutions
business in Brazil. Order intake increased in all three reporting
regions, with the Americas posting double-digit growth. Gas and
Power's revenue decreased moderately year-over-year in a con-
tinuing difficult market environment as the new-unit businesses
recorded lower revenue compared to fiscal 2018 following weak
order entry in prior years. On a geographic basis, revenue de-
creased in the regions Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East and
Asia, Australia, partly offset by growth in the Americas. Despite
a continuing strong contribution from the service business
and positive effects from project execution and completion,
Adjusted EBITA was down year-over-year on lower revenue,
price declines and reduced capacity utilization. In addition,
Adjusted EBITA in fiscal 2018 benefited from gains totaling
€166 million from two divestments. Severance charges were
€242 million in fiscal 2019 compared to €374 million in fiscal
2018. Gas and Power’s order backlog was €51 billion at the end
of the fiscal year, of which €13 billion are expected to be con-
verted into revenue in fiscal 2020.

These results reflected a highly competitive market environ-
ment. We expect the power generation market overall to remain
challenging with market volume stabilizing at the current level.
After years of continuous decline, the volume of the gas turbine
market in fiscal 2019 remained on the prior-year level, again
being impacted by customer delays of large projects in Asia,
Australia, particularly in China, and strong price pressure result-
ing from intense competition. Customers also showed restraint
due to ongoing weak growth in demand for power, combined
with uncertainty regarding regulatory developments. The gas
turbine market is experiencing overcapacity among OEMs and
EPC contractors, which is fostering market consolidation. In the
market for large steam turbines for power generation, volume
shrank further year-over-year from an already low basis of com-
parison due to an ongoing shift from coal-fired to gas-fired and
renewable power generation, as well as to carbon emission reg-
ulation. We expect these developments to continue in fiscal
2020. In contrast, markets for industrial steam turbines were
stable in fiscal 2019, and the market segment is expected to be
flat in fiscal 2020.

Oil and gas markets developed positively in fiscal 2019, driven
by a recovery in liquefied natural gas. They are expected to grow
again in fiscal 2020, driven by the liquefied natural gas and up-
stream markets. Both markets for offshore and onshore explo-
ration are anticipated to recover further based on a growing
number of expected project approvals. Pipelines, downstream,
and oil and gas-related markets are expected to remain stable
in fiscal 2020.

Combined Management Report

Markets served by our transmission businesses grew slightly in
fiscal 2019, recovering from the weakness a year earlier as cus-
tomers continued their effort to strengthen transmission and dis-
tribution grids to integrate the growing amount of decentralized
energy. We expect this growth to continue in fiscal 2020, with
markets in Asia anticipated to show the highest growth rates. The
Middle East is expected to benefit from a price recovery in the oil
and gas markets and investments in large infrastructure projects.
Tighter decarbonization goals and grid extensions are expected to
drive growth in Europe, while utilities in North America are ex-
pected to strongly invest in grid modernization and optimization.

Effective with the beginning of fiscal 2020, several businesses
will be transferred to Gas and Power: certain businesses previ-
ously included in Portfolio Companies; the distribution trans-
formers business previously included in Smart Infrastructure; and
the hydrogen solution unit and research activities within the
technology field Power 2X and storage previously included in
Corporate Items. If this organizational structure had already ex-
isted in fiscal 2019, Gas and Power would have posted orders of
€21.711 billion, revenue of €19.304 billion, Adjusted EBITA of
€732 million and an Adjusted EBITA margin of 3.8%.

A.3.5 Mobility

The Strategic Company Mobility combines all Siemens businesses
in the area of passenger and freight transportation, including rail
vehicles, rail automation systems, rail electrification systems,
road traffic technology, digital solutions and related services. It
also provides its customers with consulting, planning, financing,
construction, service and operation of turnkey mobility systems.
Moreover, Mobility offers integrated mobility solutions for net-
working of different types of traffic systems. It sells its products,
systems and solutions through its worldwide network of sales
units. The principal customers of Mobility are public and state-
owned companies in the transportation and logistics sectors, so
its markets are driven primarily by public spending. Customers
usually have multi-year planning and implementation horizons,
and their contract tenders therefore tend to be independent of
short-term economic trends. Mobility’s principal competitors are
multinational companies. Consolidation among Mobility’s com-
petitors is continuing. In February 2019, the European Commis-
sion announced its decision to prohibit the proposed combination
of Alstom SA, France (Alstom) with Siemens’ mobility businesses.
In August 2019, a large Chinese competitor signed a contract to
acquire a locomotives business in Germany, enabling the Chinese
competitor to gain a foothold in Europe, in line with its ambitious
growth and internationalization strategy. If this transaction were
to be carried out, the above described sequence of events would
probably lead to significantly increased competitive pressure for
all European rail transport businesses, including those of Mobility.


--- Page 10 ---

Trends in Mobility’s markets are characterized by the need for
solutions that make daily mobility simpler, faster, and more flex-
ible, reliable and affordable. Cities and national economies face
the challenge of reducing the costs, space requirements, noise
and CO, emissions of transportation. The pressure on mobility
providers and policymakers to meet these mobility and transpor-
tation needs is growing as urban populations are expected to
continuously rise.

Mobility’s R&D strategy is focused on providing maximum avail-
ability of trains and infrastructures, thereby increasing its cus-
tomers’ return on investment and improving passenger experi-
ence. Decarbonization and seamlessly connected (e-)mobility
are key factors for the future of transportation. Mobility’s major
R&D areas include the development of efficient vehicle plat-
forms with optimized lifecycle cost and maximum customization
flexibility; eco-friendly, alternative power supplies for trains
(batteries, fuel cells, dual mode) and trucks (eHighway); digital
services for railways via its Railigent application suite powered
by MindSphere; “signaling in the cloud”, a new system architec-
ture for rail infrastructure and loT/cloud-based concepts; solu-
tions for higher automated and autonomous driving for rail and
road; and digital technologies and solutions like cyber security,
connectivity, digital twin, Al, additive manufacturing or inter-
modal apps and platforms. Mobility’s investments focus mainly
on maintaining or enhancing its production facilities and on
meeting project demands.

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2019 2018 Actual Comp.
Orders 12,894 179 16%
Revenue 8,916 19 0%
Adjusted EBITA 983 34
Adjusted EBITA margin 11.0%

Orders at Mobility grew to a record high on a sharp increase in
volume from large orders, which the Strategic Company won
across the businesses, most notably in the rolling stock and the
customer services businesses. Among the major contract wins
were a €1.6 billion order for metro trains in the U.K., a €1.2 bil-
lion contract for high-speed trains including maintenance in
Russia, a €0.8 billion order for trainsets including service in
Canada, a €0.7 billion contract for diesel-electric locomotives
including a service agreement in the U.S. and two orders in
Germany worth €0.4 billion and €0.3 billion, respectively, for
regional multiple-unit trainsets. In fiscal 2018, Mobility also gained
a number of significant contracts across the regions. Revenue
grew slightly as double-digit growth in the customer services
business was largely offset by a decline in the rail infrastructure

business. Revenue in the rolling stock business remained close to
the prior-year level due to unfavorable timing effects related to
the execution of large rail projects, which the business began to
ramp up late in the fiscal year. On a geographic basis, revenue
growth in the Asia, Australia region was held back by slight de-
clines in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East and the Americas.
Mobility continued to operate with high profitability in fiscal
2019, including a strong contribution to Adjusted EBITA from the
services business. Severance charges were €20 million, up from
€14 million in fiscal 2018. Mobility’s order backlog was €33 bil-
lion at the end of the fiscal year, of which €8 billion are expected
to be converted into revenue in fiscal 2020.

Order growth reflected overall strong markets for Mobility in
fiscal 2019, with different dynamics among the regions. Market
development in Europe was characterized by continuing awards
of mid-size and large orders, particularly in the U.K., Germany
and Austria. Within the C.1.S., large projects for high-speed trains
and services were awarded in Russia. Demand in the Middle East
and Africa was held back by ongoing uncertainties related to
budget constraints and political climates. In the Americas region,
stable investment activities were driven by demand for mainline
and urban transport, especially in the U.S. and Canada. Within
the Asia, Australia region, Chinese markets saw ongoing invest-
ments in high-speed trains, urban transport, freight logistics and
rail infrastructure, while India continues to invest in modernizing
the country’s transportation infrastructure. For fiscal 2020, we
expect markets served by Mobility to grow moderately with in-
creasing demand for digital solutions. Overall, rail transport and
intermodal mobility solutions are expected to remain a focus as
urbanization continues to progress around the world. In emerg-
ing countries, rising incomes are expected to result in greater
demand for public transport solutions.

A.3.6 Siemens Healthineers

Siemens as majority shareholder holds 85% of the shares of the
publicly listed Siemens Healthineers AG, Germany (Siemens
Healthineers). Siemens Healthineers is a global provider of tech-
nology to the healthcare industry. It provides medical technology
and software solutions as well as clinical consulting services,
supported by an extensive set of training and service offerings.
In its imaging business, the most important products are equip-
ment for magnetic resonance, computed tomography, X-ray sys-
tems, molecular imaging and ultrasound. Its diagnostics business
offers in-vitro diagnostic products and services to healthcare
providers in laboratory, molecular and point-of-care diagnostics.
The products in its advanced therapies business facilitate image-
guided minimally invasive treatments, in areas such as cardiol-
ogy, interventional radiology, surgery and radiation oncology.
This comprehensive portfolio supports customers along the care

Combined Management Report


--- Page 11 ---

continuum, from prevention and early detection to diagnosis,
treatment and follow-up care. Customers range from public and
private healthcare providers to pharmaceutical companies and
clinical research institutes. Competition in the imaging and
advanced therapies businesses consists mainly of a small number
of large multinational companies, while the diagnostics market
is fragmented with a variety of global players that compete inter-
nationally across market segments, but that also face competi-
tion from several regional players and specialized companies in
niche technologies. The business activities of Siemens Health-
ineers are to a certain extent resilient to short-term economic
trends as large portions of its revenue stem from recurring busi-
ness. They are, however, directly and indirectly dependent on
trends in healthcare markets and on developments in health pol-
icy, including reimbursement, and on geopolitical developments,
including regulatory topics, around the world.

The addressable markets of Siemens Healthineers are shaped by
several major trends. The first is demographic, in particular the
growing and aging global population. This development poses
major challenges for global healthcare systems and, at the same
time, offers opportunities as the demand for cost-efficient
healthcare solutions continues to intensify. The second trend is
the economic development in emerging countries, which opens
up improved access to healthcare for many people. As the middle
class continues to grow, significant investment in the expansion
of private and public healthcare systems will persist, driving over-
all demand for healthcare products and services and hence mar-
ket growth. The third trend is the increase in chronic diseases as
a consequence of an aging population as well as environmental
and lifestyle-related changes. This development creates addi-
tional pressure on health systems and leads to increased costs to
address these challenges. The fourth global trend, the transfor-
mation of healthcare providers, is resulting from a combination
of societal and market forces. These are driving healthcare pro-
viders to operate and organize their businesses differently.
Increasing cost pressure on the healthcare sector is prompting the
introduction of new remuneration models for healthcare ser-
vices, such as value-based rather than treatment-based reim-
bursement. Digitalization and artificial intelligence are likely to be
key enablers for healthcare providers as they increasingly focus
on enhancing the overall patient experience, with better out-
comes and overall reduction in cost of care. This development is
driven partly by society’s increasing resistance to healthcare
costs, payers’ increasing professionalization, burdens from
chronic disease and rapid scientific progress. As a result, health-
care providers are consolidating into networked structures, result-
ing in larger clinic and laboratory chains, often operating interna-
tionally, which act increasingly like large corporations. Applying
this industrial logic to the healthcare market can lead to system-
atic improvements in quality, while at the same time reducing
costs. Driven by the need of healthcare systems worldwide

Combined Management Report

to deliver better outcomes at lower costs, regulatory schemes
around the world increasingly seek to introduce new remunera-
tion models for healthcare services, leading to a shift of health-
care reimbursement systems away from a pay-per-procedure
model towards an outcome-based model. Most developed coun-
tries are currently considering regulatory changes within their
healthcare systems.

R&D activities at Siemens Healthineers are ultimately geared to-
wards delivering innovative, sustainable solutions to its custom-
ers while safeguarding its competitiveness. Particularly in the
field of artificial intelligence, it has further expanded its activities
and has more than 40 products and applications on the market
that further improve its customers’ productivity, while enabling
clinical decisions to be more precise and tailored to the individual
patient. Artificial intelligence-based technology is also used in
sample handling and classification in its Atellica Solution labora-
tory system. As part of growing its portfolio of digital services,
the systematic expansion of the cloud-based Teamplay collabo-
ration platform is a major step to support customers in their tran-
sition to outcome-focused care. In the future, it will cover clinical,
operational and financial activities and functions in the health-
care field, and connect healthcare providers and solution pro-
viders as well as bringing together their data, applications
and services. In addition to continually updating its portfolio,
Siemens Healthineers also improves existing products and solu-
tions. Siemens Healthineers focuses its investments mainly on
enhancing competitiveness and innovation. The main capital
expenditures were for spending for factories to expand manu-
facturing and technical capabilities, in particular in China and
the U.S., and for additions to intangible assets, including capi-
talized development expenses for further products related to
Atellica Solution.

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2019 2018 Actual Comp.
Orders 15,853 9 79
Revenue 14,517 8 6
Adjusted EBITA 2,461 11
Adjusted EBITA margin 17.0%

Orders and revenue showed strong and similar development in
fiscal 2019: clear growth; increases in all businesses led by the
imaging business, and growth in all three reporting regions,
notably including in China and in the U.S. which benefited from
positive currency translation effects. Adjusted EBITA was
clearly up compared to fiscal 2018, with increases in the imag-
ing and advance therapies businesses. The diagnostics business
recorded lower Adjusted EBITA year-over-year due mainly to


--- Page 12 ---

increases in costs related to its Atellica Solution platform. Sev-
erance charges were €57 million in fiscal 2019 and €96 million
in fiscal 2018. The order backlog for Siemens Healthineers was
€18 billion at the end of the fiscal year, of which €6 billion are
expected to be converted into revenue in fiscal 2020.

While demand in the markets served by Siemens Healthineers
continued to grow in fiscal 2019, these markets also showed price
pressure on new purchases and increased utilization rates for in-
stalled systems. All major served markets were in a healthy state,
which contributed to a slightly higher market growth in Europe,
C.LS., Africa, Middle East and the Americas, most notably in the
imaging and advanced therapies markets. The markets in Asia,
Australia grew moderately. Markets in the U.S. showed slight
growth in the imaging and clear growth in the advanced thera-
pies business, with continued moderate market growth in diag-
nostics. Still, the U.S. market environment remained challenging
as pressure on reimbursement systems and the focus on more
extended utilization of equipment at customers’ sites persist.
Government initiatives and programs, together with a growing
private market segment contributed to the re-stabilization and
growth of markets in China. For the healthcare industry as a
whole, the trend towards consolidation continued in fiscal 2019,
leading to higher utilization rates at customers’ sites, which are
counterbalancing procedure volume growth in developed mar-
kets. Competition among the leading healthcare companies re-
mained at a high level. For fiscal 2020, Siemens Healthineers
expects the imaging and advanced therapies equipment markets
to stay on a moderate growth path, while the diagnostics market
is expected to grow clearly. Siemens Healthineers’ markets will
continue to benefit from the long-term trends mentioned above,
but are restricted by public spending constraints and by consoli-
dation among healthcare providers. On a geographic basis,
Siemens Healthineers expects markets in the region Asia, Australia
to be the major growth driver. For China, Siemens Healthineers
expects continuing strong growth due to rising government
spending on healthcare, promotion of the private segment and
wider access to healthcare services nationwide, pronounced ef-
fects of an aging population, and a growing incidence of chronic
diseases. Growth in the U.S. is expected to be held back by con-
tinued pressure to increase utilization of existing equipment,
reduced reimbursement rates and uncertainty about policies. For
Europe, Siemens Healthineers expects slight growth, with a likely
increased emphasis on equipment replacement and business
with large customers such as hospital chains.

A.3.7 Siemens Gamesa
Renewable Energy

Siemens as majority shareholder holds 59% of the shares of the
publicly listed Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy, S.A., Spain
(SGRE). SGRE designs, develops and manufactures wind turbines
for various wind conditions, and is active in the development,
construction and sale of wind farms. In addition, SGRE provides
services for the management, operation and maintenance of
wind farms. Its primary customers are large utilities and indepen-
dent power producers. The competitive situation in wind power
differs in the two major market segments. In the markets for on-
shore wind farms, competition is rather dispersed without any
one company holding a dominant share of the market, while
markets for offshore wind farms continue to be served by a few
experienced players. Consolidation is moving forward in both on-
and offshore markets. The key drivers of consolidation are scale
as well as technology and market access challenges. SGRE’s rev-
enue mix may vary from reporting period to reporting period
depending on the mix of onshore and offshore projects in the
respective periods.

The share of renewable energy in the global energy mix is widely
expected to increase, but the trend toward evaluating competing
power sources using life-cycle costs continues to put pressure on
the prices offered by wind power providers. In addition, price
pressure arises from the introduction of auctions as a mechanism
for allocating renewable energy capacity or production in elec-
tricity markets and the resulting increase in competition among
wind turbine manufacturers. To address this trend, SGRE focuses
on improving its supply chain and significantly decreasing costs
by optimizing production within its manufacturing footprint, in-
cluding the streamlining of its product portfolio. A higher share
of renewable energy in electrical grids also increases the demand
for predictability of the energy supply and increased capability
for integrating it into the overall energy mix. Market develop-
ment has in the past depended strongly on energy policy, includ-
ing tax incentives in the U.S. and regulatory frameworks in the
European Union. However, with continued technological prog-
ress and cost reduction, dependency on subsidy schemes is ex-
pected to continue to decrease.

SGRE's R&D efforts focus on developing the next generation of
technology that leads to improved and more cost-effective prod-
ucts, solutions and services, including becoming a leading com-
pany in mastering the balance between power generation and
power demand for the renewable sector. To accomplish that goal,
SGRE is developing cost-effective energy storage solutions, and
solutions for hybridization that are designed to help utility cus-
tomers optimize utilization of renewable energy and thereby in-
crease profitability. Another focus area is digitalization: advances
in this field are expected to enable more intelligent monitoring

Combined Management Report


--- Page 13 ---

14

and analysis of turbine conditions as well as smart diagnostic
services. The investments of SGRE in fiscal 2019 focused on pro-
duction equipment for new blade types and capacity expansion
in its factories. Other investments were related to logistic and
construction tools in the onshore business, and special equip-
ment for testing and installation of newly launched products in
the offshore business.

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2019 2018 Actual Comp.
Orders 12,749 11,875 7% 7%
Revenue 10,227 12%
Adjusted EBITA 482
Adjusted EBITA margin 4.7%

Order intake increased in all businesses year-over-year due to a
higher volume from large orders. Sharp order growth in Asia,
Australia included two large orders for offshore wind-farms in-
cluding service in Taiwan totaling €2.3 billion. SGRE also re-
corded sharply higher orders in the Americas region, driven by
several large orders in the onshore business mainly in the U.S. In
contrast, orders came in substantially lower in the region Europe,
C.LS., Africa, Middle East which in the prior year had included an
order for an offshore wind-farm, including service, in the U.K.
worth €1.3 billion. Revenue was up significantly year-over-year,
with substantial growth in the offshore and service businesses
and clear growth in the onshore business. On a geographic basis,
revenue rose substantially in Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East,
while it declined clearly in the other two reporting regions.
Adjusted EBITA was on the prior-year level as positive effects
from productivity improvements and higher revenue were offset
by price declines, a less favorable project mix and higher ex-
penses for integration costs and capacity adjustments including
severance. Severance charges were €32 million in fiscal 2019 and
€77 million in fiscal 2018. SGRE’s order backlog was €26 billion at
end of the fiscal year, of which €9 billion are expected to be con-
verted into revenue in fiscal 2020.

These results were achieved in markets that grew substantially
in fiscal 2019 in terms of installed capacity due to higher demand
in both the onshore and offshore markets, with the latter grow-
ing faster. Market volume in euros was subject to adverse price
development. On a regional basis, growth in the onshore busi-
ness was again driven primarily by China where the largest na-
tional wind market in the world for onshore generation remains
largely closed to foreign manufacturers, and secondarily by the
U.S. In contrast, the onshore market in Germany declined signifi-
cantly. In the offshore market, growth was driven by the U.K. and
China. SGRE expects global onshore wind installations to grow

Combined Management Report

clearly in fiscal 2020, driven by growth in the U.S. and India. Global
offshore wind power markets are expected to grow in fiscal 2020.
The driver of this growth is China which offsets a slight decline in
European markets. Market volume in euros is expected to be sub-
ject to adverse price development in the offshore business, reflect-
ing the trends discussed above, and currency translation effects.

A.3.8 Financial Services

Financial Services supports its customers’ investments with leas-
ing solutions and equipment, project and structured financing in
the form of debt and equity investments. Based on its comprehen-
sive financing know-how and specialist technology expertise in
the areas of Siemens businesses, Financial Services provides finan-
cial solutions for Siemens customers as well as other companies.

Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2018

Earnings before taxes (EBT) 632

ROE (after taxes) 19.1%

Sep 30,
(in millions of €) 2019 2018
Total assets 29,901

Financial Services again delivered strong earnings before taxes.
While the equity business recorded higher results, the result from
the debt business declined, amongst others due to higher credit
hits. Total assets increased along with a growth in debt business
and in part due to positive currency translation effects.

Financial Services is geared to Siemens’ industrial businesses and
its markets. As such Financial Services is influenced by the busi-
ness development of the markets served by our industrial busi-
nesses, among other factors. Financial Services will continue to
focus its business scope on areas of intense domain know-how.

A.3.9 Portfolio Companies

Portfolio Companies was formed in fiscal 2019 and consists
largely of businesses formerly included in the Divisions Process
Industries and Drives (mechanical drives, process solutions, large
drives applications) and Energy Management (subsea), along
with certain other activities that were formerly reported in Cen-
trally managed portfolio activities (Siemens Logistics business and
the at-equity investments: Valeo Siemens eAutomotive GmbH,
Primetals Technologies Limited, Ethos Energy Group Limited and


--- Page 14 ---

Voith Hydro Holding GmbH & Co. KG). Unrealized potential within
these businesses, which are managed separately, requires adjust-
ment in their approach with defined measures including internal
re-organization, digitalization, cost improvements, and optimiz-
ing procurement, production and service activities. After achiev-
ing certain threshold performance targets, businesses may trans-
fer to Siemens industrial businesses, combine with external
business from the same industry or enter into an external private
equity partnership.

Portfolio Companies consists of a broad range of businesses,
which at the end of fiscal 2019 mainly included the following fully
consolidated units: application specific solutions (process solu-
tions), electric motors, converters and generators (large drive appli-
cations), gear units and couplings (mechanical drives) and sorting
technology and solutions for mail, parcel, baggage and cargo han-
dling (Siemens Logistics). Within the industries served by fully con-
solidated units, customer demand generally shows a delayed re-
sponse to changes in the overall economic environment. The results
of fully consolidated units are strongly dependent, however, on
customer investment cycles in their key industries. In commodi-
ty-based industries such as oil and gas or mining, these cycles are
driven mainly by commodity price fluctuations. The broad range of
fully consolidated units and their heterogenous industrial customer
base is reflected in its sales and marketing channels. While the me-
chanical drives business and Siemens Logistics require a dedicated
sales approach based on in-depth understanding of specific indus-
tries and customer requirements, the large drives applications busi-
ness and the process solutions business leverage the shared regional
sales organization employed by the Siemens Operating Companies.

€3 billion are expected to be converted into revenue in fiscal
2020. Regarding Portfolio Companies’ at-equity investments, vol-
atile results are expected in coming quarters.

Markets for Portfolio Companies are generally impacted by rising
uncertainties regarding geopolitical and economic develop-
ments, which weaken investment sentiment. Although the broad
range of businesses are operating in diverse markets, overall,
moderate growth is expected in the coming years for the main
markets served by the Portfolio Companies.

Beginning with fiscal 2020, the equity investments Ethos Energy
Group Limited and Voith Hydro Holding GmbH & Co. KG, the sub-
sea business, and the majority of the process solutions business
will be transferred to the Operating Company Gas and Power. If
this organizational structure had already existed in fiscal 2019,
Portfolio Companies would have posted orders of €4.746 billion,
revenue of €4.558 billion and Adjusted EBITA of €(115) million.

Mitsubishi-Hitachi Metals Machinery (MHMM) and Siemens AG
reached an agreement in September 2019, that MHMM will ac-
quire Siemens’ stake in Primetals Technologies. Closing of the
transaction is subject to customary conditions and is expected by
the beginning of calendar 2020.

A.3.10 Reconciliation to
Consolidated Financial Statements

Profit
—S>>>———EEEEEEEE7HoOoOo Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2019 2018
Fiscal year % Change -
Real Estate Services 145
(in millions of €), 2019 2018 Actual Comp. ;
—— Corporate items (562)
Orders 5,806 4% 3% Centrally carried pension expense (264)
Revenue 5,526 11% “Amortization of intangible assets
Adjusted EBITA (71) acquired in business combinations (1,133) a
Adjusted EBITA margin (1.3)% Eliminations, Corporate Treasury
and other reconciling items (215)
Reconciliation to Consolidated
Financial Statements (2,028) (1,135)

Supported by a recovery in commodity-related markets, orders
and revenue showed broad-based growth year-over-year with
strongest increases in the mechanical drives business. Overall,
Portfolio Companies businesses made good progress in achieving
their targets. Adjusted EBITA improved in all fully consolidated
units and turned positive in total, mainly driven by the large
drives applications business. The result from equity investments
in total also improved slightly, though it was negative in both
periods under review. Severance charges decreased to €14 mil-
lion, from €86 million in fiscal 2018. Portfolio Companies’ order
backlog was €5 billion at the end of the fiscal year, of which

The negative swing in Corporate items was mainly due to large
positive effects in fiscal 2018 — the gain of €900 million resulting
from the transfer of Siemens’ shares in Atos SE to Siemens Pen-
sion-Trust e.V. and the gain of €655 million from the sale of
OSRAM Licht AG shares. These effects substantially outweighed
a positive result in fiscal 2019 from the measurement of a major
asset retirement obligation, which was previously reported in
Centrally managed portfolio activities. Severance charges within
Corporate items were €99 million (€159 million in fiscal 2018).

Combined Management Report


--- Page 15 ---

A.4 Results of operations

A.4.1 Orders and revenue by region

Positive currency translation effects added one percentage point
each to order and revenue growth; portfolio transactions had
only minimal effects on volume growth year-over-year. The re-
sulting ratio of orders to revenue (book-to-bill) for Siemens in
fiscal 2019 was a strong 1.13, again well above 1. The order back-
log was €146 billion as of September 30, 2019, a new high.

————_~EOrTE ETE
Orders (location of customer)

growth in nearly all industrial businesses was led by SGRE and
Mobility with particularly sharp increases. The pattern of order
development in the U.S. was largely the same as in the Americas
region.

In the Asia, Australia region, orders also rose significantly due to
growth in nearly all industrial businesses. The primary growth
driver was SGRE, which recorded a sharply higher volume from
large orders, including two large orders for offshore wind-farms
including service in Taiwan totaling €2.3 billion. Orders for Mo-
bility dropped substantially compared to the prior year. Clear

Fiscal year % Change growth in China included a majority of industrial businesses.
(in millions of €) 2019 2018 Actual Comp.
Europe, C.I.S., Africa, TT
Middle East 46,086 (1)% Revenue (location of customer)
therein: Germany 12,021 Fiscal year % Change
Americas 29,812 (in millions of € 2019 2018 = Actual. = Comp.
therein: U.S. 21,166 10% Europe, CLS., Africa,
Asia, Australia 22,101 11% Middle East 44,360 4%
therein: China 8,989 6% 6% therein: Germany 12,282 4%
Siemens 97,999 91,296 7% 6% Americas 23,796 3%
therein: emerging therein: U.S. 17,993 6%
markets! 21720 - a4 4% Asia, Australia 18,693 29
therein: China 8,405 3%
1 As defined by the International Monetary Fund. Siemens 86,849 3%
therein: emerging
markets’ 27,607 (2)% 5

Orders related to external customers were clearly up year-over-
year on growth in nearly all industrial businesses, led by Mobility.
Gas and Power, Siemens Healthineers, Smart Infrastructure and
SGRE all posted clear growth, while orders declined slightly in
Digital Industries. Volume from large orders for Industrial Busi-
nesses overall was up substantially due to a sharp increase at
Mobility, but also due to a significant increase in SGRE and Gas
and Power. Growth in emerging markets was driven by orders
from China, and from Russia where Mobility won a €1.2 billion
contract for high-speed trains including maintenance.

Order development was mixed in the Europe, C.I.S., Africa,
Middle East region. The majority of industrial businesses posted
order growth, led by double-digit growth in Mobility, which won
several large contracts in the year under review. This increase
was more than offset by a substantial decline in SGRE due mainly
to a lower volume from large orders and a decrease in Digital
Industries. In contrast to the region overall, orders were up
clearly in Germany, driven by sharp growth in Gas and Power
which recorded, among others, a large high voltage direct cur-
rent (HVDC) order. Mobility recorded a significant increase in
order intake in Germany, while the other industrial businesses
posted declines.

Orders in the Americas region were up significantly year-over-year,
benefiting from positive currency translation effects. Double-digit

Combined Management Report

1,_ As defined by the International Monetary Fund.

Revenue related to external customers went up moderately year-
over-year on growth in nearly all industrial businesses. SGRE and
Siemens Healthineers posted the highest growth rates, while
revenue at Gas and Power declined moderately in a difficult mar-
ket environment. The revenue decline in emerging markets was
due mainly to lower revenue in Egypt, where in fiscal 2018 Gas
and Power recorded sharply higher revenue from large orders.

Revenue in Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East increased mod-
erately on growth in a majority of industrial businesses, driven by
substantial growth at SGRE. Gas and Power posted a clear decline
in a difficult market environment. In Germany, revenue was up
moderately with significant growth in Mobility and Gas and
Power, partly offset by a decline in SGRE.

In the Americas, revenue came in clearly higher year-over-year,
benefiting from positive currency translation effects. Siemens
Healthineers, Smart Infrastructure and Gas and Power recorded
the largest increases, while SGRE posted clearly lower revenue in
the region. In the U.S., all industrial businesses posted higher
revenues year-over-year, with SGRE and Smart Infrastructure re-
cording the strongest growth rates.


--- Page 16 ---

Revenue in Asia, Australia rose moderately year-over-year on
growth in the majority of industrial businesses, led by Siemens
Healthineers and Digital Industries. Gas and Power and SGRE
posted lower revenue year-over-year. In China, revenue was also
up in the majority of industrial businesses, led by Siemens
Healthineers. In contrast, SGRE posted substantially lower reve-
nue year-over-year in that country.

A.4.2 Income

Fiscal year
(in millions of €, earnings per share in €) 2019 2018 % Change
Digital Industries 2,880 2,898 1
Smart Infrastructure 1,500 1,574
Gas and Power 679 722 (6)%
Mobility 983 958 3%
Siemens Healthineers 2,461 2,221 11%
Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy 482 483 0%
Industrial Businesses 8,986 1%
Adjusted EBITA margin Industrial Businesses 10.9%
Financial Services 632 0%
Portfolio Companies (71) 77%
Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements (2,028) (79)%
Income from continuing operations before income taxes 7,518 ()%
Income tax expenses (1,872) 9%
Income from continuing operations 5,646 (6)%
Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 3 (98)%
Net income 5,648 (8)%
Basic earnings per share 6.41 (10)%
ROCE 11.1%

As a result of the development described for the segments,
Income from continuing operations before income taxes
declined 7%. Severance charges for continuing operations were
€619 million, of which €492 million were in Industrial Businesses.
Accordingly, Adjusted EBITA margin Industrial Businesses exclud-
ing severance charges was 11.5% in fiscal 2019. In fiscal 2018,
severance charges for continuing operations were €923 million,
of which €669 million were in Industrial Businesses.

The tax rate of 25% for fiscal 2019 was below the tax rate of 26%
for the prior year, benefiting mainly from the reversal of income
tax provisions outside Germany. As a result, Income from con-
tinuing operations declined 6%.

Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes
in the prior year included positive effects from the release of a
provision related to former Communications activities.

The decline in basic earnings per share reflects the decrease of
Net income attributable to Shareholders of Siemens AG, which
was €5,174 million in fiscal 2019 compared to €5,807 million in
fiscal 2018, partially offset by a lower number of weighted aver-
age shares outstanding. Basic earnings per share excluding sev-
erance charges was €6.93.

As expected, ROCE at 11.1% was below the target range set in our
Siemens Financial Framework, reflecting in particular the effects
from portfolio transactions in recent years, including the acqui-
sitions of Mentor and Mendix at Digital Industries and the merger
of Siemens’ wind power business with Gamesa Corporaci6n
Tecnoldgica, S.A. that created SGRE. The decline year-over-year
was due both to lower income before interest after tax and to
higher average capital employed.

Combined Management Report

7


--- Page 17 ---

18

A.4.3 Research and development

In fiscal 2019, we reported research and development (R&D)
expenses of €5.7 billion, compared to €5.6 billion in fiscal 2018.
The resulting R&D intensity, defined as the ratio of R&D expenses
and revenue, was 6.5% (fiscal 2018: 6.7%). Additions to capital-
ized development expenses amounted to €0.4 billion in fiscal
2019, compared to €0.3 billion in fiscal 2018. As of September 30,
2019, Siemens held approximately 68,300 granted patents world-
wide in its continuing operations. As of September 30, 2018, we
held approximately 65,000 granted patents. On average, we had
45,100 R&D employees in fiscal 2019.

Our research and development activities are ultimately geared to
developing innovative, sustainable solutions for our customers —
and the Siemens businesses — while also strengthening our own
competitiveness. Joint implementation by the operating units
and Corporate Technology, our central R&D department, en-
sures that research activities and business strategies are closely
aligned with one another, and that all units benefit equally and
quickly from technological developments. As in fiscal 2018 the
following technologies were the focus in fiscal 2019: additive
manufacturing, autonomous robotics, blockchain applications,
connected (e-)mobility, connectivity and edge devices, cyber
security, data analytics and artificial intelligence, distributed en-
ergy systems, energy storage, future of automation, materials,
power electronics, simulation and digital twins, and software
systems and processes.

Combined Management Report

We further develop technologies through our “open innovation”
concept. We are working closely with scholars from leading uni-
versities and research institutions, not only under bilateral coop-
eration agreements but also in publicly funded collective proj-
ects. Our focus here is on our strategic research partners, and
especially the eight Centers of Knowledge Interchange that we
maintain at leading universities worldwide.

Siemens’ global venture capital unit, Next47, provides capital to
help start-ups expand and scale. It serves as the creator of
next-generation businesses for Siemens by building, buying and
partnering with innovative companies at any stage. Next47 is
focused on anticipating how emerging technologies will influ-
ence our end markets. This fore-knowledge enables Siemens and
our customers to grow and thrive in the age of digitalization.


--- Page 18 ---

A.5 Net assets position

Sep 30,

(in millions of © 2019 2018 % Change
Cash and cash equivalents 12,391 11,066 12%
Trade and other receivables 18,894 18,455 2%
Other current financial assets 10,669 9,427 13%
Contract assets 10,309 8,912 16%
Inventories 14,806 13,885 7%
Current income tax assets 1,103 1,010 9%
Other current assets 1,960 1,707 15%
Assets classified as held for disposal 238 94 154%

Total current assets 70,370 64,556 9%
Goodwill 30,160 28,344 6%
Other intangible assets 9,800 10,131 (3)%
Property, plant and equipment 12,183 11,381 7%
Investments accounted for using the equity method 2,244 2,579 (13)%
Other financial assets 19,843 17,774 12%
Deferred tax assets 3,174 2,341 36%
Other assets 2,475 1,810 37%

Total non-current assets 79,878 74,359 7%

Total assets 150,248 138,915 8%

Our total assets at the end of fiscal 2019 were influenced by
positive currency translation effects of €4.0 billion (mainly good-
will), primarily involving the U.S. dollar.

The increase in other current financial assets was driven by
higher loans receivable at SFS, which were mainly due to new
business and reclassification of non-current loans receivable
from other financial assets. While higher loans receivable and
receivables from finance leases from new business at SFS contrib-
uted also to growth in other financial assets, a large extent of
the overall increase resulted from increased fair values of deriva-
tive financial instruments.

Inventories increased in several industrial businesses, with
the build-up most evident at SGRE, Mobility and Siemens
Healthineers.

Assets classified as held for disposal increased mainly due to
reclassification of two investments from investments accounted
for using the equity method.

The increase in goodwill included the acquisition of Mendix.

Deferred tax assets increased mainly due to income tax effects
related to remeasurement of defined benefits plans.

The increase in other assets was driven mainly by higher net
defined benefit assets from actuarial gains.

Combined Management Report

19


--- Page 19 ---

20

A.6 Financial position

A.6.1 Capital structure

Sep 30,

(in millions of €) 2019 2018 % Change
Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt 6,034 5,057 199
Trade payables 11,409 6
Other current financial liabilities 1,743 17%
Contract liabilities 16,452 14%
Current provisions 3,682 ; (6)%
Current income tax liabilities 2,378 3,102 (23)%
Other current liabilities 9,023 9,118
Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal 2 1

Total current liabilities 50,723 47,874
Long-term debt 30,414 27,120
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 9,896 7,684
Deferred tax liabilities 1,305 1,092
Provisions 3,714 4,216
Other financial liabilities 986 685
Other liabilities 2,226 2,198

Total non-current liabilities 48,541 42,995 13%

Total liabilities 99,265 90,869 9%
Debt ratio 66% 65%

Total equity attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG 48,125 45,474 6%
Equity ratio 34% 35%

Non-controlling interests 2,858 2,573 11%

Total liabilities and equity 150,248 138,915 8%

The increase in short-term debt and current maturities of
long-term debt was due mainly to reclassifications of long-term
euro and U.S. dollar instruments totaling €3.9 billion from long-
term debt. This was partly offset by €3.3 billion resulting from
the repayment of U.S. dollar instruments.

The decrease in current income tax liabilities was driven mainly
by the reversal of income tax provisions outside Germany and tax
payments in the context of the carve-out activities related to
Siemens Healthineers.

Long-term debt increased due primarily to the issuance of euro
instruments totaling €6.5 billion and currency translation ef-
fects for bonds issued in the U.S. dollar. This was partly offset
by the above-mentioned reclassifications of euro and U.S. dollar
instruments.

Combined Management Report

The increase in provisions for pensions and similar obligations
was due mainly to a lower discount rate. This effect was partly
offset by a positive return on plan assets, among other factors.

The main factors for the increase in total equity attributable
to shareholders of Siemens AG were €5.2 billion in net in-
come attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG; the re-issu-
ance of treasury shares of €1.6 billion; and positive other com-
prehensive income, net of income taxes of €0.4 billion, resulting
mainly from positive currency translation effects of €1.8 billion,
partly offset by negative effects from remeasurements of de-
fined benefit plans of €1.1 billion. This increase was partly offset
by dividend payments of €3.1 billion (for fiscal 2018) and the
repurchase of 13,532,557 treasury shares at an average cost per
share of €99.78, totaling €1.4 billion (including incidental trans-
action charges).


--- Page 20 ---

Capital structure ratio

Our capital structure ratio as of September 30, 2019 increased
to 0.6 from 0.4 a year earlier, both results being in line with the
target established in our Siemens Financial Framework. The
change was due primarily to the above-mentioned increases
in long-term debt and in provisions for pensions and similar ob-
ligations.

Debt and credit facilities

As of September 30, 2019, we recorded, in total, €33.2 billion in
notes and bonds (maturing until 2047), €2.3 billion in loans from
banks (maturing until 2037), €0.9 billion in other financial in-
debtedness (maturing until 2029) and €0.1 billion in obligations
under finance leases. Notes and bonds were issued mainly in the
U.S. dollar and euro, and to a lower extent in the British pound.

We have credit facilities totaling €10.0 billion, thereof €9.5 bil-
lion unused as of September 30, 2019.

For further information about our debt see — noTE16 in 8.6
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. For further informa-
tion about the functions and objectives of our financial risk man-
agement see > NOTE 25 iN B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.

Off-balance-sheet commitments

As of September 30, 2019, the undiscounted amount of maxi-
mum potential future payments related primarily to credit guar-
antees and guarantees of third-party performance amounted to
€3.1 billion.

In addition to these commitments, we issued other guarantees.
To the extent future claims are not considered remote, maxi-
mum future payments from these commitments amounted to
€0.4 billion.

Future payment obligations under non-cancellable operating
leases amounted to €3.5 billion.

Irrevocable loan commitments amounted to €3.1 billion. A con-
siderable portion of these commitments resulted from as-
set-based lending transactions, meaning that the respective
loans can be drawn only after the borrower has provided suffi-
cient collateral.

Share buyback

Out of the above-mentioned treasury shares repurchased in fiscal
2019, 3,343,479 treasury shares were repurchased under the
share buyback initiated in November 2015, which was thus com-
pleted with a total volume of €3.0 billion. The amount of
10,189,078 treasury shares were repurchased under the share
buyback announced in November 2018 of up to €3.0 billion in
volume until November 15, 2021 at the latest.

Combined Management Report

21


--- Page 21 ---

22

A.6.2 Cash flows

Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2019
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income 5,648
Change in operating net working capital 636
Other reconciling items to cash flows from operating activities — continuing operations 2,198
Cash flows from operating activities - continuing operations 8,482
Cash flows from operating activities — discontinued operations (27)
Cash flows from operating activities - continuing and discontinued operations 8,456
Cash flows from investing activities
Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (2,610)
Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired (958)
Purchase of investments and financial assets for investment purposes (1,971)
Change in receivables from financing activities of SFS (1,161)
Other disposals of assets 1,689
Cash flows from investing activities - continuing operations (5,012)
Cash flows from investing activities — discontinued operations 1
Cash flows from investing activities — continuing and discontinued operations (5,011)
Cash flows from financing activities
Purchase of treasury shares (1,407)
Re-issuance of treasury shares and other transactions with owners 1,044
Issuance of long-term debt 6,471
Repayment of long-term debt (including current maturities of long-term debt) (3,205)
Change in short-term debt and other financing activities (753)
Interest paid (1,123)
Dividends paid to shareholders of Siemens AG (3,060)
Dividends attributable to non-controlling interests (246)
Cash flows from financing activities — continuing operations (2,277)
Cash flows from financing activities — discontinued operations -
Cash flows from financing activities — continuing and discontinued operations (2,277)

The main contributors to Cash flows from operating activities
were Digital Industries, followed by Siemens Healthineers and
Smart Infrastructure, in line with their contributions to Adjusted
EBITA. Regarding cash inflows associated with operating net
working capital, a decline in operating net working capital was
driven mainly by an increase in contract liabilities. This factor was
partly offset by cash outflows related to a buildup of contract
assets and inventories, most evidently at SGRE.

Cash outflows from acquisitions of businesses, net of cash

acquired, mainly included payments of €0.5 billion related to the
acquisition of Mendix.

Combined Management Report

Cash outflows for purchase of investments and financial assets
for investment purposes primarily included additions of assets
eligible as central bank collateral and payments related to invest-
ments such as debt or equity investments related to certain projects.

The change in receivables from financing activities of SFS
resulted from growth in SFS' debt business.

Cash inflows from other disposals of assets mainly included
disposals of above-mentioned eligible collateral and to a minor
extent proceeds from real estate disposals, from the sale of busi-
nesses or from other investments.


--- Page 22 ---

Cash inflows from the re-issuance of treasury shares and other
‘transactions with owners mainly included €1.1 billion from the
exercise of warrants in connection with US$1.5 billion bonds
with warrant units.

Cash outflows from the change in short-term debt and other
financing activities mainly included repayments of loans from

banks.

We report Free cash flow as a supplemental liquidity measure:

Free cash flow

Fiscal year 2019

Continuing Discontinued Continuing and
(in millions of €) operations operations discontinued operations
Cash flows from operating activities 8,482 (27) 8,456
Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (2,610) - (2,610)
Free cash flow 5,872 (27) 5,845

The Free cash flow for the Industrial Businesses amounted to
€8,000 millions, resulting in a cash conversation rate of 0.89.

Beginning with fiscal 2020, Siemens adopts IFRS16, Leases,
applying the modified retrospective approach as described in
more detail in —> NoTE 2 in B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS. As a result, the shift of lease payments from cash
flows from operating activities to cash flows from financing ac-
tivities will have a positive effect on Free cash flow.

With our ability to generate positive operating cash flows, our
total liquidity (defined as cash and cash equivalents plus current
interest-bearing debt securities) of €13.7 billion, our unused lines
of credit, and our credit ratings at year-end, we believe that we
have sufficient flexibility to fund our capital requirements. Also
in our opinion, our operating net working capital is sufficient for
our present requirements.

Investing activities

Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment
from continuing operations totaled €2.6 billion in fiscal 2019.
Within the industrial Businesses, ongoing investments related
mainly to technological innovations; maintaining and extending
our capacities for designing, manufacturing and marketing new
solutions including strategic localization; improving productivity;
and replacements of fixed assets. These investments amounted
to €2.1 billion in fiscal 2019. The remaining portion related mainly
to Real Estate Services, including significant amounts for projects
such as new office buildings in Germany. Real Estate Services
is responsible for uniform and comprehensive management of

Company real estate worldwide and supports the Industrial Busi-
nesses and corporate activities with customer-specific real estate
solutions; excluded are Siemens Healthineers, SGRE and the
carved-out real estate of Mobility.

With regard to capital expenditures for continuing operations, we
expect a significant increase in fiscal 2020. In the coming years,
up to €0.6 billion are to be invested in “Siemensstadt 2.0”. This
new project aims to transform Siemens’ existing industrial area
in Berlin into a modern urban district supporting a diverse range
of purposes, including strengthening key technologies. Further
investments are planned in relation to the Siemens Campus Er-
langen. In addition, we plan to invest significant amounts in com-
ing years in attractive innovation fields through Siemens’ global
venture capital unit Next47.

Combined Management Report

23


--- Page 23 ---

24

A.7 Overall assessment of the economic position

In fiscal 2019, as part of our new “Vision 2020+” company strat-
egy, we set Siemens’ future course by introducing a new organi-
zational structure consisting of three Operating Companies —
Digital Industries, Smart Infrastructure and Gas and Power — and
three Strategic Companies: Mobility, Siemens Healthineers and
SGRE. With this new setup, we are deepening our ownership cul-
ture and giving our businesses considerably more entrepreneur-
ial freedom and responsibility under the strong Siemens brand.
“Vision 2020+" is primarily a strategic growth concept aimed at
further improving the profitability of Siemens’ Companies through
innovation and efficiency gains. As part of “Vision 2020+,” we
have set ourselves even more ambitious targets for revenue
growth and the Adjusted EBITA margin ranges of our Companies.
With "Vision 2020+,” we also intend to further strengthen our
portfolio through investments in new growth fields such as loT
integration services, distributed energy management and solu-
tions for electric mobility infrastructure. As part of this strategy,
we made several acquisitions during the fiscal year, the most im-
portant being Mendix, a pioneer and leader in cloud-native low-
code application development. The acquisition of Mendix and
our entry into the loT integration services business is enabling us
to further expand our market leadership in industrial digitaliza-
tion. As a next step of “Vision 2020+,” we announced our plan to
carve out Gas and Power and to publicly list the business under
the name Siemens Energy by the end of fiscal 2020, to give it
even more independence and entrepreneurial freedom in a rap-
idly changing market environment. As part of this transaction,
Siemens plans to contribute its stake in SGRE to Siemens Energy.
As a result, the next generation of Siemens will be made up of
three Siemens companies: the industrial Siemens, comprising
Digital Industries, Smart Infrastructure and Mobility; Siemens
Healthineers, which we successfully listed publicly in fiscal 2018;
and Siemens Energy.

Despite increasing macroeconomic headwinds in the course of
the fiscal year, particularly for our short-cycle businesses, we
again achieved strong results — also in most of our industrial busi-
nesses and in Financial Services — and reached all the targets set
for our primary measures for fiscal 2019. We achieved revenue
growth of 3% net of currency translation and portfolio effects.
We delivered basic EPS from net income of €6.41, which included
impacts from severance charges amounting to (€0.52) per share.
At 11.1%, return on capital employed (ROCE) was in the double-
digit range; and our capital structure ratio came in at 0.6.

Orders rose 7% year-over-year to €98.0 billion, for a book-to-bill-
ratio of 1.13, thus fulfilling our expectation of a ratio above 1.
Five of our six industrial businesses increased orders year-over-
year. These increases were led by double-digit growth at Mobil-
ity, which again won significant contracts, such as for the new
generation of trains for the London Tube and for Velaro RUS

Combined Management Report

high-speed trains, including services, in Russia, and recorded its
highest order intake ever. Order growth in Gas and Power was
driven by the new-unit business and included significantly higher
volume from large orders year-over-year. Siemens Healthineers
and Smart Infrastructure achieved broad-based order growth, the
former including particularly strong demand for its imaging solu-
tions, the latter including large contract wins in its solutions and
services business. Orders in Digital Industries came in slightly
lower year-over-year due mainly to increasingly adverse market
conditions in key manufacturing industries. Excluding currency
translation and portfolio effects, orders for Siemens rose 6%.

Revenue also was higher in five of our industrial businesses and
rose to €86.8 billion, up 5% year-over-year. The strongest
increase came from SGRE, which posted double-digit growth,
driven by its offshore and service businesses. Siemens
Healthineers achieved clear revenue growth on increases in all
businesses, particularly in its imaging business. Following weak
order intake in prior years, revenue at Gas and Power came in
moderately lower. Excluding currency translation and portfolio
effects, revenue for Siemens grew 3%. For fiscal 2019, we had
forecast moderate growth in revenue, net of currency translation
and portfolio effects.

Adjusted EBITA Industrial Businesses rose slightly to €9.0 bil-
lion, due mainly to double-digit growth in Siemens Healthineers
on the strength of its imaging and advanced therapies busi-
nesses and to a lesser extent to a moderate increase in Mobility.
These increases were partly offset by declines in Gas and Power,
due mainly to lower capacity utilization and price declines, and
in Smart Infrastructure, due mainly to negative effects related
to grid control projects at the beginning of fiscal 2019. Adjusted
EBITA in Digital Industries came in close to the strong prior-year-
level, despite increasing headwinds in the markets for its
short-cycle businesses in the course of the fiscal year. Overall,
Adjusted EBITA Industrial Businesses was burdened by severance
charges of €0.5 billion, substantially lower than a year earlier.
Approximately half of these severance charges were booked at
Gas and Power. As planned, we further increased R&D expenses
in our industrial businesses, in order to strengthen our capacity
for innovation.

The Adjusted EBITA margin of our Industrial Businesses was 10.9%,
down from 11.1% in fiscal 2018. Four of our six industrial busi-
nesses were within their margin range or — as in the case of Smart
Infrastructure — close to it. Excluding severance charges, Adjusted
EBITA margin Industrial Businesses was 11.5%, clearly in the range
of 11% to 12%, which we had expected it to reach. Financial Ser-
vices, which is reported outside our Industrial Businesses, con-
cluded another strong fiscal year with a return on equity after tax
of 19.1%, which was within its margin range.


--- Page 24 ---

The loss outside the Industrial Businesses came in substantially
higher year-over-year despite a number of positive develop-
ments, including a positive effect related to the measurement of
a major asset retirement obligation, a lower loss at Portfolio Com-
panies, lower Centrally carried pension expenses and higher in-
come from Corporate Treasury activities. However, the positive
factors were substantially larger in fiscal 2018, most notably a
€0.9 billion gain related to the transfer of Siemens’ shares in
Atos SE to Siemens Pension-Trust e.V. and a €0.7 billion gain from
the sale of shares in OSRAM Licht AG.

Net income was €5.6 billion, down 8% year-over-year, and basic
EPS from net income declined by €0.71 to €6.41. These declines
were due mainly to the aforementioned largely tax-free portfolio
gains, which contributed €1.87 per share to basic EPS from net
income in fiscal 2018. Basic EPS from net income in fiscal 2019 was
burdened by severance charges amounting to €0.52 per share.
With basic EPS from net income excluding severance charges of
€6.93, we thus met our forecast, which was to achieve basic EPS
from net income excluding severance charges in the range of
€6.30 to €7.00.

ROCE for fiscal 2019 was 11.1%, down from 12.6% in fiscal 2018.
This decline was due to a combination of lower net income and
an increase in average capital employed, with the latter being im-
pacted by recent acquisitions, among them Mendix. We thus met
our forecast, which was to achieve a double-digit result but to
come in below the lower end of our long-term goal of 15% to 20%.

We evaluate our capital structure using the ratio of industrial net
debt to EBITDA. For fiscal 2019, this ratio was 0.6, compared to
0.4 in fiscal 2018. We thus reached our forecast, which was to
achieve a ratio of up to 1.0.

Free cash flow from continuing and discontinued operations for
fiscal 2019 was €5.8 billion, level with the prior year.

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to share-
holders. The Siemens Managing Board, in agreement with the
Supervisory Board, proposes a dividend of €3.90 per share, up
from €3.80 a year earlier.

Combined Management Report

25


--- Page 25 ---

26

A.8 Report on expected developments
and associated material opportunities and risks

A.8.1 Report on
expected developments

A.8.1.1 WORLDWIDE ECONOMY

The outlook for the world economy in fiscal 2020 was subdued
at the outset of the fiscal year. Global GDP is projected to expand
by 2.5% in calendar 2020, the lowest growth rate since the global
financial crisis in 2008/09. Fixed investments should grow by
2.9%, level with 2019.

The main strains on the global economy are expected to be the
continued U.S.-China trade conflict and remaining uncerta-
inties from Brexit. Yet fears of a global recession, fueled in part
by yield curve inversions in the U.S. in calendar 2019, seem
overdone. In most countries domestic demand should remain
sound with unemployment on a low level, inflation modest and
wages increasing while monetary policy has again taken a more
supportive stance.

Despite some moderation, the U.S. economy is expected to be
solid and a main pillar of global growth, with GDP expanding 2%
supported by strong domestic demand, low unemployment and
increasing disposable incomes. China’s economy is expected to
decelerate markedly, with GDP growth going down from 6.2% in
calendar 2019 to 5.7% in calendar 2020. The room for monetary
easing is constrained by high debt levels in the economy. GDP
growth in Europe is expected to further slow also, to 1.0% in
calendar 2020, after 1.2% in calendar 2019. The industrial reces-
sion in Europe is expected to end during calendar 2020.

GDP in advanced countries should increase by 1.4% in calendar
2020, after 1.6% in calendar 2019, and for emerging countries by
4.2% in calendar 2020, after 4.1% in calendar 2019, assuming
that risk factors (e.g. further escalation of the trade conflict or
Brexit, financial crisis in emerging markets or in Eurozone coun-
tries, geopolitical conflicts) do not materialize and the industrial
recession does not spill over to the rest of the economy.

The forecasts presented here for GDP and fixed investments are
based on a report from IHS Markit dated October 15, 2019.

A.8.1.2 SIEMENS GROUP

We are basing our outlook for fiscal 2020 for the Siemens Group
and its reportable segments on the above-mentioned expecta-
tions and assumptions regarding the overall economic situation
as well as the specific market conditions we expect for our re-
spective industrial businesses, as described in > a.3 SEGMENT
INFORMATION. Overall, we expect global macroeconomic develop-
ment to remain subdued in fiscal 2020, with risks particularly
related to geopolitical and geoeconomic uncertainties. We as-
sume a moderate decline in market volume for our short-cycle

Combined Management Report

businesses. Also, we assume that a public listing of Siemens
Energy will be finalized according to plan by the end of fiscal 2020.

This outlook excludes charges related to legal and regulatory
matters.

We are exposed to currency translation effects, mainly involving
the U.S. dollar, the British pound and currencies of emerging
markets, particularly the Chinese yuan. While we expect volatil-
ity in global currency markets to continue in fiscal 2020, we have
improved our natural hedge on a global basis through geo-
graphic distribution of our production facilities in the past. Nev-
ertheless, Siemens is still a net exporter from the Eurozone to the
rest of the world, so a weak euro is principally favorable for our
business and a strong euro is principally unfavorable. In addition
to the natural hedging strategy just mentioned, we also hedge
currency risk in our export business using derivative financial
instruments. We expect these steps to help us limit effects on
income related to currency in fiscal 2020. Based on currency ex-
change rates as of the beginning of November 2019, we expect
negative currency translation effects, reducing nominal order
and revenue growth slightly in fiscal 2020. We anticipate even
smaller currency-related impacts on the Adjusted EBITA margin
for our Industrial Businesses in fiscal 2020.

Based on these assumptions and exclusions, our outlook is as
follows:

Segments

Digital Industries expects fiscal 2020 comparable revenue to
remain level compared to the prior year, outperforming the
broader market, despite continued weakness in its most import-
ant short-cycle markets, particularly the automotive and ma-
chine building industries. Adjusted EBITA margin is expected at
17% to 18%.

Smart Infrastructure expects to achieve moderate comparable
revenue growth in fiscal 2020, driven by its longer-cycle solutions
and service business, even as its short-cycle industrial products
business faces headwinds from a market slowdown. Adjusted
EBITA margin is expected at 10% to 11%.

Economic cycles have limited impact on the markets for Mobility,
which anticipates mid-single-digit comparable revenue growth in
fiscal 2020 driven by its rolling stock business, which ramped up
several large rail projects towards the end of fiscal 2019. Adjusted
EBITA margin is expected at 10% to 11%.

Siemens Healthineers expects to achieve comparable revenue
growth in a mid-single-digit range in fiscal 2020, led by its imag-
ing and advanced therapies businesses. Adjusted EBITA margin


--- Page 26 ---

for Healthineers excluding severance charges and acquisition-
related transaction costs is expected at 17% to 18% in fiscal 2020.

While energy markets are assumed to remain challenging with
some signs of stabilization, Gas and Power expects a moderate
comparable revenue growth particularly including execution
on its large order backlog. Adjusted EBITA margin is expected
at 2% to 5%.

SGRE expects comparable revenue growth in the low-single-digit
range in fiscal 2020, driven mainly by the onshore business.
Adjusted EBITA is expected to be impacted by €200 million in
integration and restructuring costs. As a result, Adjusted EBITA
margin is expected to come in below its target margin range of
7% to 11% in fiscal 2020.

Financial Services is expected to achieve a return on equity (ROE)
(after tax) in its margin range of 17% to 22% in fiscal 2020.

Revenue growth

We expect the Siemens Group to again achieve moderate growth
in comparable revenue, net of currency translation and portfolio
effects, and a book-to-bill ratio above 1 in fiscal 2020.

As of September 30, 2019, our order backlog totaled €146 bil-
lion, and we expect conversion from the backlog to strongly
support revenue growth in fiscal 2020. From Siemens’ backlog,
we expect to convert approximately €50 billion of past orders
into current revenue in fiscal 2020. For conversion of order
backlog to revenue for our respective segments, see -> A.3 SEG-
MENT INFORMATION.

Profitability

In addition to the above-mentioned expectations for our seg-
ments, we expect our fully-consolidated units within Portfolio
Companies to be profitable, while its equity investments are ex-
pected to be volatile and to continue to generate losses. We an-
ticipate that Real Estate Services will continue with real estate
disposals depending on market conditions. Expenses for Corpo-
rate items and Centrally carried pension expenses are estimated
to be in a range of approximately €1.2 billion to €1.4 billion in
fiscal 2020, including significant costs associated with the carve-
out of Gas and Power. Amortization of intangible assets acquired
in business combinations, which was €1.1 billion in fiscal 2019,
and Eliminations, Corporate Treasury and other reconciling
items, which were a negative €0.2 billion in fiscal 2019, are
expected to remain on similar levels, respectively, in fiscal 2020.
We anticipate that net income and corresponding basic EPS will
be impacted by sharply higher tax expenses due largely to the
planned carve-out of Gas and Power.

As previously announced, we plan to carve out Gas and Power
and to contribute our 59% stake in SGRE to create a new entity,
Siemens Energy. For this entity, we plan a spin-off and public
listing before the end of fiscal 2020, with Siemens Energy becom-
ing part of discontinued operations prior to the spin-off. We ex-
pect this to result in substantial positive effects within discontin-
ued operations, including a substantial gain at spin-off, which
cannot yet be reliably quantified.

For our EPS guidance we assume these positive effects will offset
carve-out costs and tax expenses related to the spin-off and
Group-wide severance charges for the fiscal year. Taken together
with our previously mentioned expectations for fiscal 2020, we
expect this to result in basic EPS from net income in the range
from €6.30 to €7.00 compared to €6.41 in fiscal 2019.

Our forecast for net income and corresponding basic EPS takes into
account a number of additional factors. We expect the solid proj-
ect execution to continue in fiscal 2020, and we plan to slightly
increase R&D expenses year-over-year to strengthen our capacity
for innovation. Severance charges, which were €619 million in fis-
cal 2019, are expected to be on a similar level in fiscal 2020.

Capital efficiency

Our long-term goal is to achieve a ROCE in the range of 15% to
20%. Due mainly to factors currently influencing net income and
average capital employed, particularly recent acquisitions, we
expect ROCE to continue to show a double-digit result in fiscal
2020 but to come in below our target range. In addition, we ex-
pect effects on ROCE related to the above-mentioned planned
spin-off and public listing of Siemens Energy, which cannot yet
be reliably quantified.

Capital structure

We aim in general for a capital structure, defined as the ratio of
industrial net debt to EBITDA (continuing operations), of up to 1.0,
and expect to achieve this in fiscal 2020. Effects from adoption of
IFRS 16, Leases, beginning with fiscal 2020, result in an increase
in the ratio as described in more detail in -> NoTE 2 inB.6 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. In addition, we expect effects
on capital structure related to the above-mentioned planned spin-
off and public listing of Siemens Energy, which cannot yet be re-
liably quantified.

A.8.1.3 OVERALL ASSESSMENT

We expect global macroeconomic development to remain sub-
dued in fiscal 2020, with risks particularly related to geopolitical
and geoeconomic uncertainties. We assume a moderate decline
in market volume for our short-cycle businesses. Given the fore-
going, we expect the Siemens Group to again achieve moderate
growth in comparable revenue, net of currency translation and
portfolio effects, and a book-to-bill ratio above 1.

Combined Management Report

27


--- Page 27 ---

28

As previously announced, we plan to carve out Gas and Power
and to contribute our 59% stake in SGRE to create a new entity,
Siemens Energy. For this entity, we plan a spin-off and public
listing before the end of fiscal 2020, with Siemens Energy becom-
ing part of discontinued operations prior to the spin-off. We ex-
pect this to result in substantial positive effects within discontin-
ued operations, including a substantial gain at spin-off, which
cannot yet be reliably quantified.

For our EPS guidance we assume these positive effects will offset
carve-out costs and tax expenses related to the spin-off and
Group-wide severance charges for the fiscal year. Taken together
with our previously mentioned expectations for fiscal 2020, we
expect this to result in basic EPS from net income in the range
from €6.30 to €7.00 compared to €6.41 in fiscal 2019.

This outlook excludes charges related to legal and regulatory
matters.

Overall, the actual development for Siemens and its segments
may vary, positively or negatively, from our outlook due to the
risks and opportunities described below or if our expectations
and assumptions do not materialize.

A.8.2 Risk management

A.8.2.1 BASIC PRINCIPLES OF RISK MANAGEMENT
Our risk management policy stems from a philosophy of pursu-
ing sustainable growth and creating economic value while man-
aging appropriate risks and opportunities and avoiding inappro-
priate risks. As risk management is an integral part of how we
plan and execute our business strategies, our risk management
policy is set by the Managing Board. Our organizational and ac-
countability structure requires each of the respective manage-
ments of our organizational units to implement risk manage-
ment programs that are tailored to their specific industries and
responsibilities, while being consistent with the overall policy.
This includes our listed Strategic Companies Siemens Healthineers
and SGRE, which are also subject to our group-wide principles for
risk management and individually responsible for adhering to
those principles.

A.8.2.2 ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS

We have implemented and coordinated a set of risk management
and control systems which support us in the early recognition of
developments that could jeopardize the continuity of our busi-
ness. The most important of these systems include our enter-
prise-wide processes for strategic planning and management
reporting. Strategic planning is intended to support us in consid-
ering potential risks well in advance of major business decisions,
while management reporting is intended to enable us to monitor

Combined Management Report

such risks more closely as our business progresses. Our internal
auditors regularly review the adequacy and effectiveness of our
risk management. Accordingly, if deficits are detected, it is possi-
ble to adopt appropriate measures for their elimination. This
coordination of processes and procedures is intended to help
ensure that the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board are
fully informed about significant risks in a timely manner.

Risk management at Siemens builds on a comprehensive, interac-
tive and management-oriented Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) approach that is integrated into the organization and that
addresses both risks and opportunities. Our ERM approach is based
on the globally accepted COSO Standard (Committee of Sponsor-
ing Organizations of the Treadway Commission) “Enterprise Risk
Management - Integrating with Strategy and Performance” (2017)
and the ISO (International Organization for Standardization) Stan-
dard 31000 (2018) and is adapted to Siemens requirements. The
frameworks connect the ERM process with our financial reporting
process and our internal control system. They consider a compa-
ny’s strategy, the efficiency and effectiveness of its business oper-
ations, the reliability of its financial reporting and compliance with
relevant laws and regulations to be equally important.

Our ERM process aims for early identification and evaluation of,
and response regarding, risks and opportunities that could mate-
rially affect the achievement of our strategic, operational, finan-
cial and compliance objectives. The time horizon is typically three
years, and we take a net risk approach, addressing risks and op-
portunities remaining after the execution of existing control mea-
sures. If risks have already been considered in plans, budgets,
forecasts or the consolidated financial statements (e.g. as a provi-
sion or risk contingency), they are supposed to be incorporated
with their financial impact in the entity’s business objectives. As a
consequence, only additional risks arising from the same subject
(e.g. deviations from business objectives, different impact per-
spectives) should be considered. In order to provide a comprehen-
sive view of our business activities, risks and opportunities are
identified in a structured way combining elements of both top-
down and bottom-up approaches. Reporting generally follows a
quarterly cycle; we complement this periodic reporting with an
ad-hoc reporting process that aims to escalate critical issues in a
timely manner. Relevant risks and opportunities are prioritized in
terms of impact and likelihood, considering different perspectives,
including business objectives, reputation and regulatory require-
ments. The bottom-up identification and prioritization process is
supplemented by workshops with the respective managements of
our organizational units. This top-down element ensures that po-
tential new risks and opportunities are discussed at the manage-
ment level and are included in the subsequent reporting process,
if found to be relevant. Reported risks and opportunities are ana-
lyzed regarding potential cumulative effects and are aggregated
within and for each of the organizations mentioned above.


--- Page 28 ---

Responsibilities are assigned for all relevant risks and opportuni-
ties, with the hierarchical level of responsibility depending on the
significance of the respective risk or opportunity. In a first step,
assuming responsibility for a specific risk or opportunity involves
choosing one of our general response strategies. Our general
response strategies with respect to risks are avoidance, transfer,
reduction or acceptance of the relevant risk. Our general re-
sponse strategy with respect to opportunities is to “seize” the
relevant opportunity. In a second step, responsibility for a risk or
opportunity also involves the development, initiation and moni-
toring of appropriate response measures corresponding to the
chosen response strategy. These response measures have to be
specifically tailored to allow for effective risk management. Ac-
cordingly, we have developed a variety of response measures
with different characteristics. For example, we mitigate the risk
of fluctuations in currency and interest rates by engaging in
hedging activities. Regarding our long-term projects, systematic
and comprehensive project management with standardized proj-
ect milestones, including provisional acceptances during project
execution and complemented by clearly defined approval pro-
cesses, assists us in identifying and responding to project risks at
an early stage, even before the bidding phase. Furthermore, we
maintain appropriate insurance levels for potential cases of dam-
age and liability risks in order to reduce our exposure to such risks
and to avoid or minimize potential losses. Among others, we ad-
dress the risk of fluctuation in economic activity and customer
demand by closely monitoring macroeconomic conditions and
developments in relevant industries, and by adjusting capacity
and implementing cost-reduction measures in a timely and con-
sistent manner if they are deemed necessary.

A.8.2.3 RISK MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION

AND RESPONSIBILITIES

To oversee the ERM process and to further drive the integration
and harmonization of existing control activities to align with legal
and operational requirements, the Managing Board established
a Risk Management and Internal Control Organization, headed by
the Head of Assurance. In order to allow for a meaningful discus-
sion of risk at the Siemens group level, this organization aggre-
gates individual risks and opportunities of similar cause-and-
effect nature into broader risk and opportunity themes. This
aggregation naturally results in a mixture of risks, including
those with a primarily qualitative assessment and those with a
primarily quantitative risk assessment. Accordingly, we do not
adopt a purely quantitative assessment of risk themes. Thematic
risk and opportunity assessments then form the basis for the
evaluation of the company-wide risk and opportunity situation.
The Head of Assurance reports quarterly to the Managing Board
on matters relating to the implementation, operation and over-
sight of the risk and internal control system and assists the Man-
aging Board, for example in reporting to the Audit Committee of
the Supervisory Board.

A.8.3 Risks

Below we describe the risks that could have a material adverse
effect on our business situation, financial condition (including
effects on assets, liabilities and cash flows), results of operations
and reputation. The order in which the risks are presented in
each of the four categories reflects the currently estimated rela-
tive exposure for Siemens associated with these risks and thus
provides an indication of the risks’ current importance to us.
Additional risks not known to us or that we currently consider
immaterial may also negatively impact our business objectives
and operations. Unless otherwise stated, the risks described be-
low relate to all our organizational units.

A.8.3.1 STRATEGIC RISKS

Competitive environment: The worldwide markets for our
products, solutions and services are highly competitive in terms
of pricing, product and service quality, product development and
introduction time, customer service, financing terms and shifts
in market demands. We face strong established competitors and
rising competitors from emerging markets and new industries,
which may have a better cost structure. Some industries in which
we operate are undergoing consolidation, which may result in
stronger competition, a change in our relative market position,
increase in inventory of finished or work-in-progress goods or
unexpected price erosion. We see a risk, especially in the energy
market, that long-term customer contracts are becoming subject
to renegotiation, which might result in less favorable conditions
for Siemens. Furthermore, there is a risk that critical suppliers are
taken over by competitors and a risk that competitors are increas-
ingly offering services to our installed base. We address these
risks with various measures, for example benchmarking, strate-
gic initiatives, sales push initiatives, executing productivity mea-
sures and target cost projects, rightsizing of our footprint, out-
sourcings, mergers and joint ventures, exporting from low-cost
countries to price-sensitive markets, and optimizing our product
and service portfolio. We continuously monitor and analyze com-
petitive, market and industry information in order to be able to
anticipate unfavorable changes in the competitive environment
rather than merely reacting to such changes.

Economic, political and geopolitical conditions (macroeco-
nomic environment): We see increasing uncertainty regard-
ing the global economic outlook. Despite recent relaxation in the
U.S.-Chinese trade conflict, the key risk for the global economic
cycle is a further escalation to a full-fledged global trade war,
with a significant deterioration of global growth. In particular,
protectionist measures taken so far have already caused im-
mense economic damage on global growth. Adverse effects to
confidence and investment activity would severely hit Siemens
business. Increasing trade barriers would negatively impact pro-
duction costs and productivity along our many value chains. The

Combined Management Report

29


--- Page 29 ---

30

recent agreement between the U.K. and the European Union on
a revised Withdrawal Agreement lowered risk of a “No-Deal”
Brexit. However, the renewed Article 50 extension of the Euro-
pean Union Treaty is spilling over damaging impact on economic
activity into fiscal 2020. If the risk of a “No-Deal” Brexit heightens
again, increasing business and consumer uncertainty, particu-
larly in the European Union and the U.K., this would reduce in-
vestment activity, and pose risks to financial markets. A further
and massive loss of economic confidence and a prolonged period
of reluctance in investment decisions and awarding of new or-
ders would negatively impact our businesses. We have estab-
lished a task force continuously monitoring the exit process and
coordinating our local and global mitigation measures. We are
depending on the economic momentum of specific industries,
especially on continued weakness in the automotive sector,
caused by both, cyclical and structural forces. Further business
risk results from an abrupt weakening of Chinese economic
growth. A terrorist mega-attack or a significant cybercrime inci-
dent, or a series of such attacks or incidents in major economies,
could depress economic activity globally and undermine con-
sumer and business confidence. Further significant risks stem
from geopolitical tensions (in particular in the Middle East, but
also Hong Kong), the economic vulnerability of several emerging
economies (among others Argentina, Turkey, Venezuela), politi-
cal upheavals, and from an increasing vulnerability of the con-
nected global economy to natural disasters.

In general, due to the significant proportion of long-cycle busi-
nesses in our operating units and the importance of long-term
contracts for Siemens, there is usually a time lag between
changes in macroeconomic conditions and their impact on our
financial results. In contrast, short-cycle business activities of
Digital Industries react quickly to volatility in market demand. If
the moderate growth of certain markets stalls again and if we are
not successful in adapting our production and cost structure to
subsequent changes in conditions in the markets in which we
operate, there can be no assurance that we will not experience
adverse effects. For example, our customers may modify, delay
or cancel plans to purchase our products, solutions and services,
or fail to follow through on purchases or contracts already exe-
cuted. Furthermore, the prices for our products, solutions and
services may decline to a greater extent than we currently antic-
ipate. In addition, it may become more difficult for our customers
to obtain financing. Contracted payment terms, especially re-
garding the level of advance payments by our customers relating
to long-term projects, may become less favorable, which could
negatively impact our financial condition. Siemens’ global setup
with operations in almost all relevant economies, our wide range
of offerings with varied exposures to business cycles, and our
balanced mix of business models (e.g. equipment, components,
systems, software, services and solutions) help us to absorb im-
pacts from adverse developments in any single market.

Combined Management Report

Company transformation: There are risks in substantially
changing company structures, policies or management in the
interest of enhancing our speed, agility or company culture.
These risks include increased costs, missed financial or perfor-
mance targets, loss of key personnel, loss of (cost) synergies, and
reduced customer and investor confidence. This particularly
applies to Gas and Power, for which a spin-off is planned for fiscal
2020. We have set up a team within “Vision 2020+" which closely
monitors the transformation process. This includes, for example,
the active monitoring of employee attrition rates and execution
of adequate counter measures as well as increased management
involvement — in maintaining an active dialogue with employees.
Furthermore, we implemented a continuous quality monitoring
process for critical IT solutions (infrastructure, applications and
platforms) and projects.

Disruptive technologies: The markets in which our businesses
operate experience rapid and significant changes due to the in-
troduction of innovative and disruptive technologies. In the fields
of digitalization (e.g. loT, artificial intelligence, cloud computing,
Industry 4.0), there are risks associated with new competitors,
substitutions of existing products/solutions/services, new busi-
ness models (e.g. in terms of pricing, financing, extended scopes
for project business or subscription models in the software busi-
ness) and finally the risk that our competitors may have more
advanced time-to-market strategies and introduce their disrup-
tive products and solutions faster than Siemens. Our operating
results depend to a significant extent on our technological lead-
ership, our ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in our mar-
kets and to optimize our cost base accordingly. Introducing new
products and technologies requires a significant commitment to
research and development, which in return requires expenditure
of considerable financial resources that may not always result in
success. Our results of operations may suffer if we invest in tech-
nologies that do not operate or may not be integrated as ex-
pected, or that are not accepted in the marketplace as antici-
pated, or if our products, solutions or systems are not introduced
to the market in a timely manner, particularly compared to our
competitors, or even become obsolete. We constantly apply for
new patents and actively manage our intellectual property port-
folio to secure our technological position. However, our patents
and other intellectual property may not prevent competitors from
independently developing or selling products and services that
are similar to or duplicates of ours.

Restructuring: We see risks that we may not be flexible enough
in adjusting our organizational and manufacturing footprint
in order to quickly respond to changing markets. The necessary
restructuring might not be executed to the extent or in the time-
frame planned (e.g. due to local co-determination regulations),
limiting our improvements of our cost position with negative
profit impacts and the loss of key personnel. Strikes and disputes


--- Page 30 ---

with unions and workers councils might result in negative media
coverage and delivery problems. Additionally, public criticism
related to restructuring might negatively impact Siemens’ repu-
tation. We mitigate these risks by closely monitoring the imple-
mentation of the planned measures, maintaining strict cost man-
agement, and conducting ongoing discussions with all concerned
interest groups.

Portfolio measures, at-equity investments, other invest-
ments and strategic alliances: Our strategy includes divesting
our activities in some business areas and strengthening others
through portfolio measures, including mergers and acquisitions.
With respect to divestments, we may not be able to divest some
of our activities as planned, and the divestitures we do carry out
could have a negative impact on our business situation, financial
condition, results of operations and reputation. Mergers and ac-
quisitions are inherently risky because of difficulties that may
arise when integrating people, operations, technologies and
products. There can be no assurance that any of the businesses
we acquire can be integrated successfully and in a timely manner
as originally planned, or that they will perform as anticipated
once integrated. In addition, we may incur significant acquisi-
tion, administrative, tax and other expenditures in connection
with these transactions, including costs related to integration of
acquired businesses. Furthermore, portfolio measures may result
in additional financing needs and adversely affect our capital
structure. Acquisitions can lead to substantial additions to intan-
gible assets, including goodwill, in our statements of financial
position. If we were to encounter continuing adverse business
developments or if we were otherwise to perform worse than
expected at acquisition activities, then these intangible assets,
including goodwill, might have to be impaired, which could
adversely affect our business situation, financial condition and
results of operations. Our investment portfolio includes invest-
ments held for purposes other than trading and other invest-
ments. Any factors negatively influencing the financial condition
and results of operations of our at-equity investments and other
investments could have an adverse effect on our equity pick-up
related to these investments, or may result in a related write-off.
In addition, our business situation, financial condition and results
of operations could also be adversely affected in connection with
loans, guarantees or non-compliance with financial covenants
related to these investments. Furthermore, such investments are
inherently risky as we may not be able to sufficiently influence
corporate governance processes or business decisions taken by
our equity investments, other investments and strategic alli-
ances, which may have a negative effect on our business. In ad-
dition, joint ventures bear the risk of difficulties that may arise
when integrating people, operations, technologies and products.
Strategic alliances may also pose risks for us because we compete
in some business areas with companies with which we have stra-
tegic alliances. Besides other measures, we handle these risks

with standardized processes as well as dedicated roles and re-
sponsibilities in the areas of mergers, acquisitions, divestments
and carve-outs. This includes the systematic treatment of all con-
tractual obligations and post-closing claims.

A.8.3.2 OPERATIONAL RISKS

Cyber/Information security: Digital technologies are deeply
integrated into our business portfolio. We observe a global in-
crease of cyber security threats and higher levels of professional-
ism in computer crime, which pose a risk to the security of prod-
ucts, systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability
and integrity of data. There can be no assurance that the mea-
sures aimed at protecting our Intellectual Property (IP) and port-
folio will address these threats under all circumstances. There is
a risk that confidential information may be stolen or that the in-
tegrity of our portfolio may be compromised, e.g. by attacks on
our networks, social engineering, data manipulations in critical
applications and a loss of critical resources, resulting in financial
damages. Cyber security covers the IT of our entire enterprise
including office IT, systems and applications, special purpose net-
works, and our operating environments such as manufacturing
and research and development (R&D). Like other large multi-
national companies we are facing active cyber threats from so-
phisticated adversaries that are supported by organized crime
and nation-states engaged in economic espionage or even sabo-
tage. We attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number
of measures, including employee training, comprehensive mon-
itoring of our networks and systems through Cyber Security
Defense Centers, and maintenance of backup and protective
systems such as firewalls and virus scanners. We initiated the
industrial “Charter of Trust”, signed by a growing group of global
companies, which sets out principles for building trust in digital
technologies and creating a more secure digital world. Nonethe-
less our systems, products, solutions and services, as well as
those of our service providers, remain potentially vulnerable to
attacks. Such attacks could potentially lead to the publication,
manipulation or leakage of information such as through indus-
trial espionage. They could also result in deliberate improper use
of our systems, vulnerable products, production downtimes and
supply shortages, with potential adverse effects on our reputa-
tion, our competitiveness and results of operations.

Operational optimization and cost reduction initiatives:
We are in a continuous process of operational optimization and
constantly engage in cost-reduction initiatives, including ongoing
capacity adjustment measures and structural initiatives. Consoli-
dation of business activities and manufacturing facilities, out-
sourcings, joint ventures and the streamlining of product portfo-
lios are all part of these cost-reduction efforts. These measures
may not be implemented as planned, may turn out to be less ef-
fective than anticipated, may become effective later than esti-
mated or may not become effective at all. Any future contribution

Combined Management Report

31


--- Page 31 ---

32

of these measures to our profitability will be influenced by the
actual savings achieved and by our ability to sustain them. In case
of restructuring and outsourcing activities, there could be delays
in product deliveries or we might even experience delivery fail-
ures. Furthermore, delays in critical R&D projects could lead to
negative impacts in running projects. We constantly control and
monitor the progress of these projects and initiatives using stan-
dardized controlling and milestone tracking approaches.

Interruption of the supply chain: The financial performance of
our operating units depends on reliable and effective supply
chain management for components, sub-assemblies and materi-
als. Capacity constraints and supply shortages resulting from
ineffective supply chain management may lead to production
bottlenecks, delivery delays and additional costs. We also rely on
third parties to supply us with parts, components and services.
Using third parties to manufacture, assemble and test our prod-
ucts may reduce our control over manufacturing yields, quality
assurance, product delivery schedules and costs. Although we
work closely with our suppliers to avoid supply-related problems,
there can be no assurance that we will not encounter supply
problems in the future, especially if we use single-source suppli-
ers for critical components. Shortages and delays could materi-
ally harm our businesses. Unanticipated increases in the price of
components or raw materials due to market shortages or other
reasons could also adversely affect performance. Furthermore,
we may be exposed to the risk of delays and interruptions in the
supply chain as a consequence of catastrophic events, cyber in-
cidents or suppliers’ financial difficulties, particularly if we are
unable to identify alternative sources of supply or means of trans-
portation in a timely manner or at all. Besides other measures,
we mitigate price fluctuation in global raw material markets with
various hedging instruments.

Operational failures and quality problems in our value
chain processes: Our value chains comprise all steps in the
product life-cycle, from research and development to supply
chain management, production, marketing, sales and services.
Operational failures in our value chain processes could result in
quality problems or potential product safety, labor safety, regula-
tory or environmental risks. Such risks are particularly present in
our operating units in relation to our production and manufac-
turing facilities, which are located all over the world and have a
high degree of organizational and technological complexity.
From time to time products we sell could have quality issues re-
sulting from the design or manufacture of these products or the
commissioning of these products or the software integrated into
them. In addition, we may not be able to fully meet regulatory
requirements. Siemens Healthineers, for example, is subject to
regulatory authorities including the U.S. Food and Drug Admin-
istration and the European Commission’s Health and Consumer
Policy Department, which require specific efforts to safeguard

Combined Management Report

product safety. If any of our units are not able to comply with
regulatory requirements, our business and reputation may be
adversely affected. We have established multiple measures for
quality improvement and claim prevention. The increased use of
quality management tools is improving visibility and enables us
to strengthen our root cause and prevention processes.

Cost overruns or additional payment obligations related to
the management of our long-term, fixed-priced or turnkey
projects and service contracts: A number of our segments
conduct activities, especially large projects, under long-term
contracts that are awarded on a competitive bidding basis. Such
contracts typically arise at Gas and Power, SGRE, Mobility, and in
various activities of Smart Infrastructure. Some of these con-
tracts are inherently risky because we may assume substantially
all of the risks associated with completing a project and meeting
post-completion warranty obligations. For example, we may
face the risk that we must satisfy technical requirements of a
project even though we have not gained experience with those
requirements before winning the project. The profit margins re-
alized on fixed-priced contracts may vary from original estimates
as a result of changes in costs and productivity over the con-
tract’s term. We sometimes bear the risk of unanticipated project
modifications, shortage of key personnel, quality problems, fi-
nancial difficulties of our customers and/or significant partners,
cost overruns or contractual penalties caused by unexpected
technological problems, unforeseen developments at the proj-
ect sites, unforeseen changes or difficulties in the regulatory or
political environment, performance problems with our suppli-
ers, subcontractors and consortium partners or other logistical
difficulties. Some of our multi-year contracts also contain de-
manding installation and maintenance requirements in addition
to other performance criteria relating to timing, unit cost and
compliance with government regulations, which, if not satisfied,
could subject us to substantial contractual penalties, damages,
non-payment and contract termination. There can be no assur-
ance that contracts and projects, in particular those with long-
term duration and fixed-priced calculation, can be completed
profitably. To tackle those risks, we established a global project
management organization to systematically improve the capa-
bilities of our project management personnel. For very complex
projects we conduct dedicated risk assessments in very early
stages of the sales phase before we decide to hand over a bind-
ing offer to our customer.

Shortage of skilled personnel: Competition for diverse and
highly qualified personnel (e.g. specialists, experts, digital tal-
ent) remains intense in the industries and regions in which our
businesses operate. We have ongoing demand for highly skilled
employees and a need to enhance the diversity of our work-
force. Our future success depends in part on our continued ability
to identify, assess, hire, integrate, develop and retain engineers,


--- Page 32 ---

digital talent and other qualified personnel. We address this risk
for example by strengthening the capabilities and skills of our
talent-acquisition teams and have defined a strategy of proactive
search for people with the required skills in our respective indus-
tries and markets. Technology and digitalization help us to be
more effective in attracting and selecting diverse talent as well
as improving the efficiency of our processes. Furthermore, we
have a focus on structured succession planning, gender diversity,
retention and career management.

A.8.3.3 FINANCIAL RISKS

Market price risks: We are exposed to fluctuations in exchange
rates, especially between the U.S. dollar and the euro, because a
high percentage of our business volume is conducted as exports
from Europe to areas using the U.S. dollar. In addition, we are
exposed to effects involving the currencies of emerging markets,
in particular the Chinese yuan. Appreciable changes in euro
exchange rates could materially change our competitive position.
We are also exposed to fluctuations in interest rates. Even hedg-
ing activities to mitigate such risks may result in a reverse effect.
Fluctuations in exchange or interest rates, negative develop-
ments in the financial markets and changes in central bank poli-
cies could therefore negatively impact our financial results.

Liquidity and financing risks: Our treasury and financing activ-
ities could face adverse deposit and/or financing conditions from
negative developments related to financial markets, such as lim-
ited availability of funds (particularly U.S. dollar) and hedging
instruments; an updated evaluation of our solvency, particularly
from rating agencies; negative interest rates; and impacts arising
from more restrictive regulation of the financial sector, central
bank policy, or financial instruments. Widening credit spreads
due to uncertainty and risk aversion in the financial markets
might lead to adverse changes in the market values of our finan-
cial assets, in particular our derivative financial instruments.

Credit risks: We provide our customers with various forms of
direct and indirect financing of orders and projects, including
guarantees. Financial Services in particular bears credit risks due
to such financing activities if, for example, customers are unable
to repay such financing.

Risks from pension obligations: The provisions for pensions
and similar obligations may be affected by changes in actuarial
assumptions, including the discount rate, as well as by move-
ments in financial markets or a change in the mix of assets in our
investment portfolio. Additionally, they are subject to legal risks
with regard to plan design among other factors. A significant in-
crease in the underfunding may have a negative effect on our cap-
ital structure and rating, and thus may tighten refinancing op-
tions and increase costs. In order to comply with local pension
regulations in selected foreign countries, we may face an economic

risk of increasing cash outflows due to change in funding level
according to local regulations of our pension plans in these coun-
tries and the change of the regulations themselves.

For further information on post-employment benefits, derivative
financial instruments, hedging activities, financial risk manage-
ment and related measures, see —> NOTES 17,24 and 25 inB.6 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Audits by tax authorities and changes in tax regulations:
We operate in nearly all countries of the world and therefore are
subject to many different tax regulations. Changes in tax laws in
any of these jurisdictions could result in higher tax expenses and
increased tax payments. Furthermore, legislative changes could
impact our tax receivables and liabilities as well as deferred tax
assets and deferred tax liabilities. In addition, the uncertain legal
environment in some regions could limit our ability to enforce
our rights. As a globally operating organization, we conduct busi-
ness in countries subject to complex tax rules, which may be in-
terpreted in different ways. Future interpretations or develop-
ments of tax regimes may affect our business situation, financial
condition and results of operations. We are regularly audited by
tax authorities in various jurisdictions and we continuously iden-
tify and assess relevant risks.

A.8.3.4 COMPLIANCE RISKS

Changes of regulations, laws and policies: As a diversified
company with global businesses we are exposed to various prod-
uct- and country-related regulations, laws and policies influenc-
ing our business activities and processes. We monitor the political
and regulatory landscape in all our key markets to anticipate po-
tential problem areas, with the aim of quickly adjusting our busi-
ness activities and processes to changed conditions. However,
any changes in regulations, laws and policies could adversely
affect our business activities and processes as well as our finan-
cial condition and results of operations.

Current and future investigations regarding allegations of
corruption, of antitrust violations and of other violations of
law: Proceedings against us or our business partners regarding
allegations of corruption, of antitrust violations and of other vio-
lations of law may lead to fines as well as penalties, sanctions,
injunctions against future conduct, profit disgorgements, dis-
qualifications from directly and indirectly engaging in certain
types of business, the loss of business licenses or permits, other
restrictions and legal consequences as well as negative public
media coverage. Accordingly, we may, among other things, be
required to comply with potential obligations and liabilities aris-
ing in connection with such investigations and proceedings, in-
cluding potential tax penalties. Moreover, any findings related to
public corruption that are not covered by the 2008 and 2009 cor-
ruption charge settlements, which we concluded with American

Combined Management Report

33


--- Page 33 ---

34

and German authorities, may endanger our business with gov-
ernment agencies and intergovernmental and supranational or-
ganizations. Monitors could again be appointed to review future
business practices and we may otherwise be required to further
modify our business practices and our compliance program.

Siemens conducts a large share of its business with govern-
ments and government-owned enterprises. We also participate
in a number of projects funded by government agencies and
intergovernmental and supranational organizations, such as
multilateral development banks. Ongoing or potential future
investigations into allegations of corruption, antitrust violations
or other violations of law could as well impair relationships with
such parties or could result in our exclusion from public con-
tracts. Such investigations may also adversely affect existing
private business relationships and our ability to pursue poten-
tially important strategic projects and transactions, such as stra-
tegic alliances, joint ventures or other business alliances, or
could result in the cancellation of certain of our existing con-
tracts. Moreover, third parties, including our competitors, could
initiate significant litigation.

In addition, future developments in ongoing and potential future
investigations, such as responding to the requests of governmen-
tal authorities and cooperating with them, could divert manage-
ment's attention and resources from other issues facing our busi-
ness. Furthermore, we might be exposed to compliance risks in
connection with recently acquired operations that are in the
ongoing process of integration.

Along with other measures, Siemens has established a global
compliance organization that conducts among others compli-
ance risk mitigation processes such as Compliance Risk Assess-
ments or internal audit activities.

Protectionism (including localization): Protectionist trade
policies and changes in the political and regulatory environ-
ment in the markets in which we operate, such as import and
export controls, tariffs and other trade barriers including debar-
ment from certain markets and price or exchange controls,
could affect our business in national markets and could impact
our business situation, financial position and results of opera-
tions; and may expose us to penalties, other sanctions and rep-
utational damage. In addition, the uncertainty of the legal en-
vironment in some regions could limit our ability to enforce our
rights and subject us to increasing costs related to appropriate
compliance programs.

Regulatory risks and potential sanctions: As a globally oper-
ating organization, we conduct business with customers in coun-
tries which are subject to export control regulations, embargoes,
economic sanctions, debarment policies or other forms of trade

Combined Management Report

restrictions (hereafter referred to as “sanctions”) imposed by the
U.S., the EU or other countries or organizations. New or expanded
sanctions in countries in which we do business may result in a
curtailment of our existing business in such countries or indi-
rectly in other countries. We are also aware of policies of national
authorities and institutional investors, such as pension funds or
insurance companies, requiring divestment of interests in, pro-
hibiting investment in and transactions with entities doing busi-
ness with countries identified by the U.S. Department of State as
state sponsors of terrorism. Therefore, it is possible that such
policies may result in our being unable to gain or retain certain
investors or customers. In addition, the termination of our activ-
ities in sanctioned countries may expose us to customer claims
and other actions. Our reputation could also suffer due to our
activities with counterparties in or affiliated with these countries.

Environmental, health &safety and other governmental
regulations: Some of the industries in which we operate are
highly regulated. Current and future environmental, health and
safety and other governmental regulations or changes thereto
may require us to change the way we run our operations and
could result in significant increases in our operating or produc-
tion costs. Furthermore, we see the risk of potential environmen-
tal and health and safety incidents as well as potential non-com-
pliance with environmental and health and safety regulations
affecting Siemens and our contractors or sub-suppliers, resulting
for example in serious injuries, penalties, loss of reputation and
internal or external investigations.

In addition, while we have procedures in place to ensure compli-
ance with applicable governmental regulations in the conduct of
our business operations, it cannot be excluded that violations of
applicable governmental regulations may be caused either by us
or by third parties that we contract with, including suppliers or
service providers whose activities may be attributed to us. Any
such violations particularly expose us to the risk of liability, pen-
alties, fines, reputational damage or loss of licenses or permits
that are important to our business operations. In particular, we
could also face liability for damage or remediation for environ-
mental contamination at the facilities we design or operate. With
regard to certain environmental risks, we maintain liability insur-
ance at levels that our management believes are appropriate and
consistent with industry practice. We may incur environmental
losses beyond the limits, or outside the coverage, of such insur-
ance, and such losses may have an adverse effect on our business
situation, financial condition and results of operations.

Current or future litigation and legal and regulatory pro-
ceedings: Siemens is and potentially will be involved in numerous
legal disputes and proceedings in various jurisdictions. These legal
disputes and proceedings could result, in particular, in Siemens
being subject to payment of damages and punitive damages,


--- Page 34 ---

equitable remedies or sanctions, fines or disgorgement of profit.
In individual cases this may also lead to formal or informal exclu-
sion from tenders or the revocation or loss of business licenses or
permits. Asserted claims are generally subject to interest rates.

Some of these legal disputes and proceedings could result in
adverse decisions for Siemens or decisions, assessments or re-
quirements of regulatory authorities could deviate from our
expectations, which may have material effects on our business
activities as well as our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows.

Siemens maintains liability insurance for certain legal risks at lev-
els our management believes are appropriate and consistent with
industry practice. The insurance policy, however, does not protect
Siemens against reputational damage. Moreover, Siemens may
incur losses relating to legal proceedings beyond the limits, or out-
side the coverage, of such insurance or exceeding any provisions
made for losses related to legal proceedings. Finally, there can be
no assurance that Siemens will be able to maintain adequate in-
surance coverage on commercially reasonable terms in the future.

For additional information with respect to specific proceedings,
see > NOTE 22 iN B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

A.8.3.5 ASSESSMENT OF

THE OVERALL RISK SITUATION

The most significant challenges have been mentioned first in
each of the four risk categories — strategic, operational, financial
and compliance. Risks arising from Cyber/Information Security
are the most significant challenge for us.

While our assessments of individual risks have changed during
fiscal 2019 due to developments in the external environment,
effects of our own mitigation measures and the revision of our
plans for assessing risk, the overall risk situation for Siemens did
not change significantly as compared to the prior year.

At present, no risks have been identified that either individually
or in combination could endanger our ability to continue as a
going concern.

A.8.4 Opportunities

Within our ERM we regularly identify, evaluate and respond to
opportunities that present themselves in our various fields of ac-
tivity. Below we describe our most significant opportunities. Un-
less otherwise stated, the opportunities described relate to all
organizational units. The order in which the opportunities are
presented reflects the currently estimated relative exposure for
Siemens associated with these opportunities and thus provides

an indication of the opportunities’ current importance to us. The
described opportunities are not necessarily the only ones we en-
counter. In addition, our assessment of opportunities is subject
to change because the Company, our markets and technologies
are constantly advancing. It is also possible that opportunities we
see today will never materialize.

Value creation by innovation (e.g. automation and digita-
lization): We drive innovation by investing significantly in R&D in
order to develop sustainable solutions for our customers while
also strengthening our own competitiveness. Being an innovative
company and constantly inventing new technologies that we ex-
pect will meet future demands arising from the megatrends of
demographic change, urbanization, climate change and global-
ization is one of our core purposes. We are granted thousands of
new patents every year and continuously develop new concepts
and convincing new digital and data-driven business models.
This helps us create the next generation of ground-breaking in-
novations in such fields as digitalization, artificial intelligence,
autonomous machines and edge computing. Across our operat-
ing units, we are profiting from our undisputed strength in the
“Digital Enterprise”. Foremost, our cloud-based MindSphere plat-
form enhances the availability of our customers’ digital products
and systems and improves their productivity and efficiency. We
see also significant opportunities to generate additional volume
and profit from innovative digital products, services and solu-
tions, including cyber security, applications for optimized energy
consumption and operation of highly efficient energy grids and
scalable solutions for distributed and renewable energy genera-
tion. We see growth opportunities in opening up access to new
markets and customers through new marketing and sales strate-
gies, which we implement in our operating units and share with
our Strategic Companies. Our position along the value chains of
automation and digitalization allows us to further increase mar-
ket penetration. Along these value chains, we have identified
several concrete growth fields in which we see our greatest long-
term potential. Hence, we are bundling and developing our re-
sources and capabilities for these growth fields.

Leveraging market potential: Through sales initiatives and
masterplans in our operating units, we continuously strive to
grow and extend our businesses in established markets, open up
new markets for existing portfolio elements and strengthen our
installed base in order to gain a higher market share and in-
creased profits. Furthermore, we aim to increase our sales via
improved account management and new distribution channels.

Favorable political and regulatory environment: We see
opportunities for improvement in the geopolitical policy environ-
ment, which could quickly restore a more positive industrial
investment sentiment that supports the growth of our markets.
In addition, government initiatives and subsidies (including tax

Combined Management Report

35


--- Page 35 ---

36

reforms among others) may lead to more government spending
(e.g. infrastructure or digitalization investments) and ultimately
result in an opportunity for us to participate in ways that increase
our revenue and profit.

Mergers, acquisitions, equity investments, partnerships,
divestments and streamlining our portfolio: We constantly
monitor our current and potential markets to identify opportuni-
ties for strategic mergers, acquisitions, equity investments and
partnerships, which may complement our organic growth. Such
activities may help us to strengthen our position in our existing
markets, provide access to new or underserved markets, or com-
plement our technological portfolio in strategic areas. Opportu-
nities might also arise when portfolio optimization measures
generate gains, which enable us to further pursue our other
strategies for growth and profitability.

Climate change: In line with the global agreement in Paris
(COP21) that entered into force in November 2016, Siemens
strives to support a trend towards reducing CO2 emissions both
in our own operations and for our customers, based on technol-
ogies from our environmental portfolio such as low-carbon
power generation from renewable energy sources. As such the
transition to a low-carbon economy represents an opportunity
for Siemens.

Localizing value chain activities: Localizing certain value
chain activities, such as procurement, manufacturing, mainte-
nance and service, in emerging markets could enable us to re-
duce costs and strengthen our global competitive position, in
particular compared to competitors based in countries where
they can operate with more favorable cost structures. Moreover,
our local footprint in many countries provides the opportunity to
take advantage of growth markets and market shifts around the
world, which could result in increased market penetration and
market share.

Assessment of the overall opportunities situation: The most
significant opportunity for Siemens continues to be value cre-
ation through innovation (e.g. automation and digitalization) as
described above.

While our assessments of individual opportunities have changed
during fiscal 2019 due to developments in the external environ-
ment, our endeavors to profit from them and revision of our stra-
tegic plans, the overall opportunity situation for Siemens did not
change significantly as compared to the prior year.

Combined Management Report

A.8.5 Significant characteristics of
the accounting-related internal
control and risk management system

The overarching objective of our accounting-related internal con-
trol and risk management system is to ensure that financial re-
porting is conducted in a proper manner, such that the Consoli-
dated Financial Statements and the Combined Management
Report of Siemens group as well as the Annual Financial State-
ments of Siemens AG as the parent company are prepared in
accordance with all relevant regulations.

Our ERM approach is based on the globally accepted COSO
Standard (Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Tread-
way Commission) “Enterprise Risk Management — Integrating
with Strategy and Performance” (2017) and the ISO (Interna-
tional Organization for Standardization) Standard 31000 (2018)
and is adapted to Siemens requirements. The frameworks con-
nect the ERM process with our financial reporting process and
our internal control system. They consider a company’s strat-
egy, the efficiency and effectiveness of its business operations,
the reliability of its financial reporting and compliance with
relevant laws and regulations to be equally important. Our ac-
counting-related internal control system is based on the inter-
nationally recognized “Internal Control — Integrated Frame-
work” (2013) also developed by COSO. The two systems are
complementary.

At the end of each fiscal year, our management performs an eval-
uation of the effectiveness of the implemented control system,
both in design and operating effectiveness. We have a standard-
ized procedure under which necessary controls are defined, doc-
umented in accordance with uniform standards, and tested reg-
ularly for their effectiveness. Nevertheless, there are inherent
limitations on the effectiveness of any control system, and no
system, including one determined to be effective, may prevent
or detect all misstatements.

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared on the basis
of a centrally issued conceptual framework which primarily con-
sists of uniform Financial Reporting Guidelines and a chart of
accounts. For Siemens AG and other companies within the
Siemens group required to prepare financial statements in accor-
dance with German Commercial Code, this conceptual frame-
work is complemented by mandatory regulations specific to the
German Commercial Code. The need for adjustments in the con-
ceptual framework due to regulatory changes is analyzed on an
ongoing basis. Accounting departments are informed quarterly
about current topics and deadlines from an accounting and clos-
ing process perspective.


--- Page 36 ---

The base data used in preparing our financial statements consists
of the closing data reported by the operations of Siemens AG and
its subsidiaries. The preparation of the closing data of most of our
entities is supported by an internal shared services organization.
Furthermore, other accounting activities, such as governance
and monitoring activities, are usually bundled on a regional level.
In particular cases, such as valuations relating to post-employ-
ment benefits, we use external experts. The reported closing
data is used to prepare the financial statements in the consolida-
tion system. The steps necessary to prepare the financial state-
ments are subject to both manual and automated controls.

Qualification of employees involved in the accounting process is
ensured through appropriate selection processes and training. As
a fundamental principle, based on materiality considerations, the
“four eyes” principle applies and specific procedures must be ad-
hered to for data authorization. Additional control mechanisms
include target-performance comparisons and analyses of the com-
position of and changes in individual line items, both in the closing
data submitted by reporting units and in the Consolidated Finan-
cial Statements. In line with our information security requirements,
accounting-related IT systems contain defined access rules protect-
ing them from unauthorized access. The manual and system-based
control mechanisms referred to above generally also apply when
reconciling the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
closing data to the Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG.

On a quarterly basis, we execute an internal certification process.
Management at different levels of our organization, supported
by confirmations by managements of entities under their respon-
sibility, confirms the accuracy of the financial data that has been
reported to Siemens’ corporate headquarters and reports on the
effectiveness of the related control systems.

Our listed Strategic Companies Siemens Healthineers and SGRE
are also subject to our group-wide principles for the account-
ing-related internal control and risk management system and are
individually responsible for adhering to those principles. The
management of Siemens Healthineers and SGRE provide periodic
sign-offs to the Managing Board of Siemens AG, certifying the
effectiveness of their respective accounting-related internal con-
trol systems as well as the completeness, accuracy, and reliability
of the financial data reported to us.

Our internal audit function systematically evaluates our financial
reporting integrity, the effectiveness of the control system and
the risk management system, and adherence to our compliance
policies. Our listed Strategic Companies have their own internal
audit departments and annual audit plans. Topics from the re-
spective annual audit plan of our listed Strategic Companies that
are also relevant for our Managing Board and Audit Committee

first have to be mandated by the listed Strategic Company’s Man-
aging Board/Board of Directors and Audit Committee and subse-
quently be mandated by our Managing Board and Audit Commit-
tee. The audit procedures for these topics will be generally
executed in joint teams of our and the respective Strategic Com-
pany’s internal audit function; thus reflecting the interest of both
Siemens AG and the respective listed Strategic Company. In addi-
tion, the Audit Committee is integrated into our control system.
In particular, it oversees the accounting and accounting process
and the effectiveness of the internal control system, the risk
management system and the internal audit system. Moreover,
we have rules for accounting-related complaints.

Combined Management Report

37


--- Page 37 ---

38

A.9 Siemens AG

The Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG have been pre-
pared in accordance with the rules set out in the German Com-
mercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch).

Siemens AG is the parent company of the Siemens Group. At the
end of fiscal 2019, results for Siemens AG comprise the fields of
business activities mainly of Digital Industries, Smart Infrastruc-
ture, Gas and Power as well as the activities of Portfolio Compa-
nies and are significantly influenced by directly or indirectly
owned subsidiaries and investments. The business development
of Siemens AG is fundamentally subject to the same risks and
opportunities as the Siemens Group. Due to the interrelations
between Siemens AG and its subsidiaries and the relative size of
Siemens AG within the Group, the outlook of the Group also
largely reflects our expectations for Siemens AG. Therefore, the
foregoing explanations for the Siemens Group apply also for
Siemens AG. We expect that income from investments or profit
transfer agreements with affiliated companies will significantly
influence the profit of Siemens AG.

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to sharehold-
ers. Therefore, we intend to propose a dividend whose distribution
volume is within a dividend payout range of 40% to 60% of net
income of the Siemens Group attributable to shareholders of
Siemens AG, which we may adjust for this purpose to exclude se-
lected exceptional non-cash effects. For fiscal 2020, we expect that
net income of Siemens AG will be sufficient to fund the distribu-
tion of a corresponding dividend. In connection with the planned
listing of Siemens Energy, we expect a significant impact on the
annual financial statements of Siemens AG: The carve-out of Gas
and Power business activities is expected to result in an increase in
financial assets and decreases in other assets positions and liabili-
ties. Income and expenses, most notably revenue and cost of
sales, are expected to decrease as well. Subject to the approval of
the planned spin-off by an extraordinary Siemens shareholders’
meeting we expect also a significant withdrawal from retained
earnings of Siemens AG, offsetting the disposal of financial assets.

In January 2019, Siemens AG transferred the trademark “Siemens,”
consisting of a portfolio of trademarks with the component
“Siemens,” by way of a contribution in kind, to the affiliated com-
pany Siemens Trademark GmbH &Co. KG, Germany. Additions to
shares in Siemens Trademark GmbH &Co. KG were measured at
the fair value of the transferred trademark rights in the amount
of €9.5 billion. The contribution resulted in other operating income
in the same amount. This was partially offset by a related deferred
tax expense of €1.5 billion. Siemens Trademark GmbH & Co. KG has
granted Siemens AG a royalty-bearing right to use the trade-
marks. Expenses of €0.6 billion related to the ongoing royalty for
the use of the right are recognized in selling expenses. The con-
tract has an indefinite duration.

As of September 30, 2019, the number of employees was 74,700.

Combined Management Report

A.9.1 Results of operations

———————— EE
Statement of Income of Siemens AG in accordance
with German Commercial Code (condensed)

Fiscal year

(in millions of €) 2019 2018 % Change
Revenue 22,104 28,185 (22)%
Cost of Sales (15,825) (21,074) 25%
Gross profit 6,279 7,111 (12)%

as percentage of revenue 28% 25%
Research and
development expenses (2,362) (2,788) 15%
Selling and general
administrative expenses (3,979) (3,767) (6)
Other operating income
(expenses), net 9,469 1 nia
Financial income, net

thereof Income from

investments, net 3,754

(prior year 5,381) 3,188 4, (31)%
Income from business activity 12,596 5,199
Income taxes (1,377) (653)
Net income 11,219 4,547
Profit carried forward 170 134
Allocation to other
retained earnings (6,005) (1,451) (200)
Unappropriated net income 5,384 3,230 67%

Beginning of August 2018, Siemens AG carved out its mobility
business to Siemens Mobility GmbH by way of singular succes-
sion. The decreases in revenue, cost of sales, gross profit and
research and development (R&D) expenses were mainly driven
by this carve-out.

On a geographical basis, 75% of revenue was generated in the
Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East region, 18% in the Asia, Austra-
lia region and 7% in the Americas region. Exports from Germany
accounted for 62% of overall revenue. In fiscal 2019, orders for
Siemens AG amounted to €21.6 billion. Within Siemens AG, the
development of revenue depends strongly on the completion of
contracts, primarily in connection with large orders.

The R&D intensity (R&D as a percentage of revenue) increased by
0.8 percentage points year-over-year. The research and development
activities of Siemens AG are fundamentally the same as for its fields
of business activities within the Siemens Group, respectively. On an
average basis, we employed 9,000 people in R&D in fiscal 2019.

The decrease in Financial income, net was primarily attributable
to lower income from investments, net. The main factor for this
decrease was a significant income from the profit transfer agree-
ment with Siemens Beteiligungen Inland GmbH, Germany, in
fiscal 2018.


--- Page 38 ---

A.9.2 Net assets and
financial position

Statement of Financial Position of Siemens A accordance
with German Commercial Code (condensed)

Sep 30,

(in millions of €) 2019 2018 % Change

Assets

Non-current assets

Intangible and tangible assets 1,884 1,894

Financial assets 73,158 55,747 31%
75,043 57,641 30%

Current assets

Receivables and other assets 19,752 18,236 8%

Cash and cash equivalents,

other securities 4,489 3,177 41%
24,241 21,413 13%

Prepaid expenses 147 163 (10)%

Deferred tax assets 829 2,064 (60)%

Active difference

resulting from offsetting 68 62 9%

Total assets 100,328 81,344 23%

Liabilities and equity

Equity 30,428 22,049 38%

Special reserve

with an equity portion 668 671 0%

Provisions

Provisions for pensions

and similar commitments 12,343 11,885 4%

Provisions for taxes

and other provisions 5,616 :
17,959 0%

Liabilities

Liabilities to banks 27 53

Advance payments received 1,841 1,504 22%

Trade payables, liabilities

to affiliated companies

and other liabilities 49,079 38,863 26%
50,947 40,420 26%

Deferred income 326 308 6%

Total liabilities and equity 100,328 81,344 23%

The increase in financial assets was mainly due to additions to
shares in affiliated companies driven by the above-mentioned
trademark transfer and by contributions to affiliated companies in
connection with reorganization of intra-group financing activities.

The increase in receivables and other assets was mainly due to
higher trade receivables from affiliated companies as a result of
intra-group financing activities.

Cash and cash equivalents, other securities are significantly
affected by the liquidity management of the Corporate Treasury
of Siemens AG. The liquidity management is based on the financ-
ing policy of the Siemens Group, which is aimed towards a bal-
anced financing portfolio, a diversified maturity profile and a
comfortable liquidity cushion. Therefore, the change in liquidity
of Siemens AG was not driven only by business activities of
Siemens AG.

The increase in equity was attributable to net income for the year
of €11.2 billion, and the issuance of treasury stock related to the
fulfillment of exercised warrants in the amount of €1.1 billion and
our share-based payments and employee share programs in the
amount of €0.4 billion. These factors were partly offset by divi-
dends paid in fiscal 2019 (for fiscal 2018) of €3.1 billion. In addi-
tion, equity was reduced due to share buybacks during the year
amounting to €1.4 billion. The equity ratio as of September 30,
2019 and 2018 was 30% and 27%, respectively. For the disclosures
in accordance with Section 160 para. 1 no. 2 of the German Stock
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) about treasury shares we refer to
note 15 of our Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG for
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019.

The increase in trade payables, liabilities to affiliated compa-
nies and other liabilities was due primarily to higher liabilities
to affiliated companies mainly as a result of a contribution to an
affiliated company in connection with the reorganization of in-
tra-group financing activities.

A.9.3 Corporate Governance
statement

The Corporate Governance statement pursuant to Sections 289f
and 315d of the German Commercial Code is an integral part of
the Combined Management Report and is presented in => c.4.2
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 289F AND
315D OF THE GERMAN COMMERCIAL CODE.

Combined Management Report

39


--- Page 39 ---

A.10 Compensation Report

This report is based on the recommendations of the German
Corporate Governance Code (“Code”) and the requirements of
the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch), German
Accounting Standards (Deutsche Rechnungslegungsstandards)
and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). It also
incorporates elements of the requirements that can be foreseen
from the currently pending transposition of the European Share-
holder Rights Directive into German law, on the basis of the
regulations proposed in the German Act Implementing the Sec-
ond Shareholder Rights Directive (ARUG II).

A.10.1. Compensation of
Managing Board members

This report describes the compensation system for the Managing
Board members as well as the compensation of the Supervisory
Board of Siemens AG for fiscal 2019. It provides detailed and in-
dividualized explanations of the structure and amount of the

individual components of compensation paid to the members of
these bodies.

Chapter > 10.1.1 describes the system for remunerating Manag-
ing Board members in general. Chapter -> 10.1.2 provides com-
prehensive information about the compensation granted and
paid to the Managing Board in fiscal 2019, together with an out-
look for fiscal 2020. Chapter -> 10.2 describes Supervisory Board
compensation.

A.10.1.1 COMPENSATION SYSTEM

Responsibilities and principles for establishing
Managing Board compensation

The compensation system for Siemens’ Managing Board is estab-
lished by the Supervisory Board, based on a proposal by the Com-
pensation Committee. After approval by the Supervisory Board,
the compensation system is submitted to the Annual Sharehold-
ers’ Meeting for endorsement (“say on pay”).

Process for establishing the compensation system

Compensation Committee

Develops recommendations on the
compensation system and submits
these to the Supervisory Board

The current system of Managing Board compensation was en-
dorsed at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 27, 2015,
by a majority of about 93%.

Managing Board compensation is based on the following principles:

> Focus on successful, sustainable

management of the Company

Managing Board members are expected to make a long-term
commitment to and on behalf of the Company. As a result,
they can benefit from any sustained increase in the Compa-
ny’s value. For this reason, a substantial portion of their total
compensation is linked to the long-term performance of the
Siemens share.

Combined Management Report

Supervisory Board

eee © @68@0@@0@ 6 @
O82 02 22 08 04 26 08 08 06 08
eee @@680@0@ 06 @
O82 02 22 08 08 26 08 08 08 08

Approves the compensation system

Annual Shareholders’ Meeting

Endorses the compensation system

> Compensation linked to performance

The Company's size and economic position is also to be re-
flected in Managing Board compensation. Exceptional achieve-
ments are to be adequately rewarded, while falling short of
targets results in an appreciable reduction in compensation.

> Ensuring competitiveness

In order to attract outstanding candidates for the Managing
Board of Siemens AG and to retain them for the long term,
compensation should be attractive compared to that offered
by competitors.


--- Page 40 ---

On the basis of these principles, the Supervisory Board deter-
mines the structure, amount and weighting of the individual
components of compensation. Regular review by the Supervisory
Board ensures that the amount of compensation is appropriate.
Several criteria are applied for this purpose:

Criteria for review of appropriateness of compensation

Economic
situation

Company
performance

¥ vy vw

Future
prospects

Managing Board Managing Board

market practice compensation membe!
compared to exec- responsibilities
utive employees and achievements

and the rest of

Ar v

The review of appropriateness is generally based on a compar-
ison with other German companies. The target compensation
and the maximum compensation for the Managing Board are
first compared to management compensation at the companies
listed in the German blue-chip stock index, the DAX. To account
for Siemens’ international nature, size and complexity, the
compensation paid to Managing Board members is also com-
pared to management compensation at companies in the
STOXX Europe 50 index. In addition, the Supervisory Board
takes account of the evolution of Managing Board compensa-
tion in relation to the compensation paid to Siemens’ workforce
in Germany. In this vertical comparison, the Supervisory Board
determines the ratio of Managing Board compensation to the
compensation paid to Siemens’ executive employees and the
rest of the workforce and performs a market comparison with
other DAX companies. For this purpose, the Supervisory Board
has defined Siemens’ executive employees as the employees in
the Senior Management and Top Management contract groups.

The rest of the workforce comprises both Siemens employees
who are and those who are not covered by collective bargain-
ing agreements.

Structure and components of

Managing Board compensation

Managing Board compensation comprises both non-perfor-
mance-based and performance-based elements and is divided
into three main, equally weighted components: base compen-
sation, short-term variable compensation and long-term stock-
based compensation. Fringe benefits and pension commitments
are also part of the compensation system.

The Share Ownership Guidelines, which are a further key com-
ponent of the compensation system, obligate Managing Board
members to continuously hold Siemens shares worth a defined
multiple of their base compensation and to acquire additional
shares if their holdings fall below the required figure.

Components of the Managing Board compensation system

Non-performance-based components

Fringe benefits +

Performance-based components

Base Short-term Long-term Share
cout variable stock-based Ownership
Pension benefit Ps compensation compensation Guidelines

commitments +

— 33% — Ss —— 33% —- Ss 34%

Combined Management Report

41


--- Page 41 ---

42

Non-performance-based components
Non-performance-based compensation comprises base compen-
sation as well as fringe benefits and pension benefit commitments.

Base compensation

Each member of the Managing Board receives base compensa-
tion for performing his or her Managing Board duties. This com-
pensation is paid in 12 monthly installments.

Fringe benefits

Fringe benefits include the provision of non-monetary benefits
and other perquisites, such as the provision of a company car,
contributions toward the cost of insurance, reimbursement of
expenses for legal and tax advice and accommodation and mov-
ing expenses, including a gross-up provided by the Company for
any taxes due in this regard, as well as currency adjustment pay-
ments and costs relating to preventive medical examinations.

Pension benefit commitments

Like the employees of Siemens AG in Germany, the members of
the Managing Board are included in the Siemens Defined Contri-
bution Pension Plan (BSAV). Under the BSAV, Managing Board
members receive contributions that are credited to their individ-
ual pension accounts. The level of these annual contributions is
based on a predetermined percentage related to their base com-
pensation and the target amount of their Bonuses. The Super-
visory Board decides on this percentage annually (most recently
28%). In making its decision, the Supervisory Board takes ac-
count of the intended level of benefits for each individual and the
length of time he or she has been a Managing Board member as
well as the annual and long-term service cost to the Company
resulting from those benefits.

Special pension contributions may also be granted to Managing
Board members on the basis of individual decisions by the Super-
visory Board. Such contributions may be intended, for example,
to compensate for forfeited pension entitlements from a previous
employer. To the extent that a member of the Managing Board
earned a pension benefit entitlement from the Company before
the BSAV was introduced, a portion of his or her contributions
goes toward financing that prior commitment.

Combined Management Report

The following table summarizes further significant features of
the BSAV for Managing Board members.

Entitlement > On request, on or after reaching the age
of 62, for pension commitments made on
or after January 1, 2012

> On request, on or after reaching the age
of 60, for pension commitments made

before January 1, 2012

Non-forfeitability > Asa tule, in accordance with the provisions
of the German Company Pensions Act

(Betriebsrentengesetz)

Disbursement > Asarule, in 12 yearly installments; other
payment options, on request: a smaller
number of installments, a lump sum pay-
ment or an annuitization with or without
survivors’ benefits as well as a combination

of these options

Guaranteed
interest

> Annual guaranteed interest credited to
pension accounts until benefits are first
drawn (currently 0.90%)

Disability/death > The risk that benefits may have to be drawn
before the age of 60 due to disability or
death is mitigated by crediting contributions
from the age at the time benefits are first
drawn until the covered individual reaches

or would have reached the age of 60.

Due to Lisa Davis's tax status in the U.S., some of the details of
her pension benefit commitment — particularly, those regarding
funding — differ from the standard provisions.

Like other eligible employees of Siemens AG, Managing Board
members who were employed by the Company before Septem-
ber 30, 1983, are entitled to receive transition payments for the
first six months after retirement. These payments are equal to the
difference between their final base compensation and the retire-
ment benefits payable under the corporate pension plan.

Performance-based components

In keeping with the abovementioned principles, Managing Board
compensation is to be coupled with business performance and
with sustainable management of the Company. To take due ac-
count of both factors, the performance-based component of
Managing Board compensation comprises both a short-term and
a long-term element: a short-term variable component (Bonus)
and a long-term stock-based component (Siemens Stock Awards).
The final amount of these two components depends on the
extent to which defined targets are attained. If these targets are
not attained, the performance-based components may be reduced
to zero. If, however, the targets are significantly exceeded, target
attainment is subject to a ceiling or “cap.”


--- Page 42 ---

Short-term variable compensation (Bonus)

The target amount for the short-term variable component of com-
pensation (Bonus) — that is, the amount paid for 100% target at-
tainment — is currently equal to the amount of a Managing Board
member's base compensation. The payout amount of the Bonus
depends on the Company's business performance during the past
fiscal year, as measured in terms of the attainment of three
equally weighted target parameters.

Two of these target parameters are financial parameters that
reflect the Company’s capital efficiency, measured in terms of
return on capital employed (ROCE), and profit, measured in terms
of earnings per share (EPS). These parameters constitute opera-
tional steering parameters based on the Company's strategic fo-
cus and are included in external financial reporting, see Chapter
> (A.2 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE SYSTEM.

Based on a proposal by the Compensation Committee, the
Supervisory Board also sets a minimum of two and a maximum
of five individual, qualitative targets for each member of the
Managing Board.

The range of target attainment for these target parameters is 0%
to 200% (cap). The Supervisory Board may also adjust the Bonus
payout amount upward or downward by as much as 20%, so that
the maximum payout for the Bonus is 240% of the target amount.
The decision on an adjustment may take account not only of the
Company's economic situation but also of such factors as the re-
sults of employee or customer satisfaction surveys as well as the
Managing Board members’ individual achievements.

Determination of Bonus payout amount

Weighted average of target
attainment (0%-200%)

33.34% ROCE"

2 Target
33.33% EPS x pee

Bonus payout
Adjustment —_ amount
x (up to + 20%) = Eee

Return on capital employeed

a
2. Earnings per share

The Supervisory Board can review and, if appropriate, reduce
Bonus payout amounts in the event of a breach of duty or a vio-
lation of compliance regulations (clawback).

Long-term stock-based compensation

(Siemens Stock Awards)

The Managing Board is expected to make a long-term commit-
ment to and on behalf of the Company. For this reason, a sub-
stantial portion of each member’s total compensation is tied to
the long-term performance of the Siemens share.

At the start of each fiscal year, Siemens grants “Stock Awards” as
long-term stock-based compensation. Each Stock Award rep-
resents the right to one share of Siemens stock. Stock Awards are
settled by the transfer of shares at the end of a defined vesting
period of about four years. Subject to target attainment, Manag-
ing Board members receive one Siemens share per Stock Award.

Granting of Stock Awards

The annual target amount for a grant of Stock Awards, on the
basis of 100% target attainment, is contractually agreed upon
with each individual Managing Board member.

The number of Stock Awards actually granted to a Managing
Board member at the beginning of a fiscal year is determined by
extrapolating the target amount to 200% target attainment
(“maximum grant value”). This maximum grant value is then
converted to a maximum number of Stock Awards by dividing it
by the grant price. These awards are then granted to the Man-
aging Board member. A roughly four-year vesting period begins
on the grant date. The grant price is defined as the closing price
of the Siemens share in Xetra trading on the grant date, less the
discounted estimated dividends during the roughly four-year
vesting period.

Combined Management Report

43


--- Page 43 ---

44

Since fiscal 2015, the Supervisory Board has had the option of
increasing the target amount for each Managing Board member,
on an individual basis, by as much as 75% for one fiscal year at a
time. This option is intended to take account of each Managing
Board member's individual accomplishments and experience as
well as the scope and demands of his or her function.

Performance criterion

The number of shares that are actually transferred after the vest-
ing period ends depends on one performance criterion: the per-
formance of the Siemens share compared to the performance of
the shares of relevant competitors. Following an initial 12-month
“reference” period, stock performance is measured over a subse-
quent 36-month “performance” period.

More specifically, a starting price, the “reference” price, is first
determined for each competitor during the reference period,
which is the first 12 months of the vesting period. The 12 end-of-
month prices are averaged for Siemens and for each competitor.

During the subsequent three-year performance period, an aver-
age price is again calculated from the 36 end-of-month prices for
Siemens and each competitor; this is the “performance” price.

Determination of target attainment

At the end of the vesting period, the Supervisory Board deter-
mines the extent to which the performance of the Siemens share
price has surpassed or lagged behind that of the share prices of
relevant competitors. It then derives target attainment for the
relevant Stock Awards tranche on this basis. For this purpose, the
reference prices for Siemens and for each competitor are com-
pared to the respective performance prices, and a relative devia-
tion is calculated for each company. In a further step, these devi-
ations are averaged for all competitors. To determine target
attainment, the average relative change in the competitors’ share
prices is then compared to the relative change in the Siemens
share price, and the difference is calculated.

Combined Management Report

Target attainment may vary between 0% and 200% (cap).

> If, during the vesting period, the Siemens share performs
220 percentage points better than the share price of the
relevant competitors, target attainment is 200%.

> If, during the vesting period, the Siemens share performs the
same as the share price of the relevant competitors, target
attainment is 100%.

> If, during the vesting period, the Siemens share performs
220 percentage points worse than the share price of the
relevant competitors, target attainment is 0%.

If the Siemens share performs somewhere between the percent-
age points cited above, target attainment is determined by a lin-

ear interpolation.

a
Linear curve for determining Stock Award target attainment

Target attainment

200% 7--------- == 2-22-22 - ee o
100% +----------------=5
; Performance of |
' Siemens share |
i vs. competitors |
0% 3 4

= 20% 0% +20%

Target attainment is used to determine whether, and to what
extent, the maximum number of Stock Awards is to be reduced.
For a target attainment of less than 200%, a number of Siemens
Stock Awards equivalent to the shortfall are forfeited without
refund or replacement.

In addition, the total value (in euros) of the Siemens shares to be
transferred is capped at 300% of the relevant target amount.
If this cap is exceeded, a corresponding number of Stock Awards
are forfeited without refund or replacement.


--- Page 44 ---

The remaining Stock Awards are settled by the transfer of Siemens
shares to the relevant Managing Board member.

Calculation of the number of Siemens shares

Adjustment to

actual target attainment

=300% of target amount:
number of
Stock Awards based on
target attainment
= final number of Stock Awards

Maximum number
GIS EE ATETES Number of Stock i
Awards
Sees Xetra closing Value of Settlement by
paved oniarget xX price of mmm Stock Awards _ transfer of Siemens
(for example, 150%) Siemens share — in euros shares to Managing
. on transfer date (cap: 300%) Board member

> 300% of target amount:
number of
Stock Awards based on target
attainment is reduced by amount
by which cap is exceeded

Further provisions for long-term stock-based compensation
If the relevant competitors undergo significant changes during
the period under consideration, the Supervisory Board may take
these changes into account when compiling the comparison val-
ues for those competitors and/or calculating their relevant share
prices. In the event of extraordinary, unforeseen developments
that impact the Siemens share price, the Supervisory Board may
decide to reduce the number of granted Stock Awards retro-
actively or to pay cash compensation for a defined, limited
amount in lieu of a transfer of Siemens shares or to postpone the
transfer of Siemens shares for payable Stock Awards until the
developments have ceased to impact the share price.

If a Managing Board member violates compliance regulations,
the Supervisory Board is entitled, at its duty-bound discretion, to
revoke without refund or replacement some or all of his or her
Siemens Stock Awards, depending on the gravity of the compli-
ance violation (clawback).

If a Managing Board member’s employment contract begins
during a fiscal year, an equivalent number of Siemens Phantom
Stock Awards will be granted instead of Stock Awards, and only a
cash equivalent will be paid at the end of the vesting period.
Apart from this exception, the same provisions agreed upon for
Stock Awards will apply.

With regard to the further terms of the Stock Awards, the same
principles apply in general to the Managing Board and to senior
managers. These principles are explained in — notE26 in
B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Combined Management Report

45


--- Page 45 ---

46

Maximum amount of total compensation

In addition to the caps for the Bonus and the Siemens Stock Awards,
a maximum amount of total compensation has been agreed upon.
This maximum amount is 1.7 times target compensation — which
comprises base compensation, the target amount for the Bonus and
the target amount for long-term stock-based compensation — plus
the maximum expected value of fringe benefits and pension bene-
fit commitments. This latter value corresponds to the fringe benefits
and pension benefit commitments from the previous fiscal year
multiplied by a factor of 2.0.

If compensation exceeds this maximum, a number of Siemens Stock
Awards equivalent in value to the amount by which the maximum
was exceeded will be forfeited without refund or replacement.

Share Ownership Guidelines

The Siemens Share Ownership Guidelines are an integral part of
the compensation system for the Managing Board and senior ex-
ecutives. These guidelines oblige the Managing Board mem-
bers — after a four-year build-up phase — to continuously hold
Siemens shares worth a multiple of their base compensation
-300% for the President and CEO, 200% for the other members
of the Managing Board — throughout their terms of office. The
decisive figure in this context is the average base compensation
that a member of the Managing Board has received over the four
years before the applicable date of proof of adherence. Hence,
changes that have been made to base compensation in the
meantime are included.

Adherence to these guidelines must be proven for the first time
after the four-year build-up phase and thereafter annually. If the
value of a Managing Board member's accrued holdings falls be-
low the required minimum due to fluctuations in Siemens’ share
price, he or she must acquire additional shares.

Secondary activities of Managing Board members
Members of the Managing Board may take on secondary activi-
ties — for example, supervisory board positions outside the Com-
pany — only with the approval of the Chairman’s Committee of
the Supervisory Board.

If a Managing Board member holds a position in another Siemens
company, no separate compensation is paid since holding such
positions is considered to be covered by contractual Managing
Board compensation. As a rule, Managing Board members are
obligated to waive any compensation that may be due to them
in connection with such positions. Should a waiver not be possi-
ble, for example, owing to the legal or tax regulations applicable
to a Siemens company, the compensation paid to a Managing
Board member in connection with such a position will be de-
ducted from the compensation due to him or her in connection
with his or her Managing Board activities.

Combined Management Report

Memberships on supervisory boards whose establishment is
required by law or on comparable domestic or foreign con-
trolling bodies of business enterprises are listed in Chapter
> C.4.1 MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL STRUCTURE in C.4 CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE.

Commitments in connection with the

termination of Managing Board membership

The compensation system also governs the amount of compen-
sation paid to a Managing Board member when membership on
the Managing Board is terminated early.

When a member leaves office, his or her short-term variable com-
pensation (Bonus) is calculated on a pro rata basis after the end
of the fiscal year and is granted on the regular payout date.

If an employment contract is terminated, Stock Awards are gov-
erned by the following rules:

> Stock Awards for which the vesting period has not yet ended
will be forfeited without refund or replacement if the employ-
ment contract is not renewed at the end of a term of office at
the Managing Board member's request or if there is serious
cause that entitles the Company to revoke the member's ap-
pointment or terminate his or her employment contract.

> Stock Awards will not be forfeited, however, if the employment
contract is terminated by mutual agreement at the Company's
request or in the event of retirement, disability or death or in
connection with a spin-off, a transfer to a different company
or a change of activity within the Group. Likewise, Stock
Awards will not be forfeited if the Managing Board member
terminates his or her employment contract for good cause in
connection with a change of control at the Company.

> Stock Awards granted at the beginning of the fiscal year in
which the Managing Board member leaves office will be cal-
culated and reduced on a pro rata basis.

> When a Managing Board member leaves the Company, any
existing Stock Awards will only be transferred at their due date.


--- Page 46 ---

The following rules also apply when a Managing Board member
leaves office and vary depending on the reason for contract ter-
mination:

1. Termination due to regular expiration of
the term of office
No severance payments or special BSAV contributions are made.

2. Termination by mutual agreement

In the event of an early termination of membership on the
Managing Board by mutual agreement and without serious
cause, Managing Board members’ employment contracts provide
for a severance payment:

Basis for
calculation

v

Base compensation plus Bonus(es) actually
received in the last fiscal year prior to the
end of employment, and granted long-term
stock-based compensation (annual com-
pensation)

Limit (severance cap) > Not more than two years’ annual compen-
sation and not more than the member
would receive for the remaining term of his
or her employment contract

3. Early termination by mutual agreement at the request
of the Managing Board member or if there is serious cause
that entitles the Company to terminate the appointment
No severance payments or special BSAV contributions are made.

4. Change of control

In the event of a change of control that results in a substantial
change in a Managing Board member's position, the Managing
Board member has the right to terminate his or her employment
contract with the Company. A change of control exists if one
shareholder or multiple shareholders acting in concert acquire a
majority of the voting rights in Siemens AG and exercise a con-
trolling influence or if Siemens AG becomes a dependent enter-
prise as a result of entering into an intercompany agreement
within the meaning of Section 291 of the German Stock Corpora-
tion Act (Aktiengesetz) or if Siemens AG is to be merged into
another entity. There is no right of termination if the change of
control takes place within 12 months before the member retires.
If this right of termination is exercised, the Managing Board
member is entitled to a severance payment for the remainder of
his or her term of office:

Payment > In the month of departure
Special BSAV > Based on the BSAV contribution that the Basis for > Base compensation plus the target amount
contribution; Managing Board member received in the calculation for the Bonus and the Stock Awards, each
one-time prior year and on the remaining term of based on the last fiscal year before the end

his or her appointment of employment (annual compensation)

> Limited to not more than the contributions Limit (severance cap) > Two years’ annual compensation
for two years (cap)
- Payment > In the month of departure

Increase/discount > Severance payment will be reduced by > Benefits are forfeited if the Managing Board

10% if the term of office still has more than member receives benefits from third parties

six months to run (a lump sum allowance due to or in connection with a change of

for discounting and for amounts earned control.

elsewhere). - - -

) Increase/discount > 10% reduction and 5% increase, as in the

v

Reduction affects only the portion of the
severance payment calculated excluding
the first six months of the remaining term
of office.

> Non-monetary benefits are compensated
for by a payment of 5% of the severance
amount.

terms for termination of membership by
mutual agreement (see Item 2 “Termination
by mutual agreement’)

Combined Management Report

47


--- Page 47 ---

48

The compensation system at a glance
The following chart provides an overview of the individual com-
ponents of the compensation system:

The compensation system for Managing Board members at a glance

Percentage of target

Structure of Cap Other components of com-

compensation’ compensation components in %2 pensation/contract terms
Fringe benefits
33% i 5 .
Fixed compensation 100% Pension benefit commitments
Base compensation
Share Ownership Guid
33% 33.34% 33.33% 33.33%
4 Capital efficiency Profit, Individual
Short-term variable (ROCE) (EPS) targets 240%
compensation Be
2 (Bonus) up to + 20% adjustment ordinary
2 develop- coe
S ments
s
34% Performance of Siemens share price
Long-term stock-based compared to relevant competitors 300%
compensation
(Siemens Stock Awards) up to +75% adjustment of target amount
100% 170%" Severance cap

1. Excluding fringe benefits and pension benefit commitments

A.10.1.2 MANAGING BOARD COMPENSATION

FOR FISCAL 2019

The following section provides detailed information and back-
ground regarding total Managing Board compensation and in-
dividualized disclosures regarding the compensation of each
Managing Board member for fiscal 2019.

Total compensation

In accordance with the applicable accounting principles, Manag-
ing Board compensation for fiscal 2019 totaled €33.04 million.
This amount was 4.2% more than the year before (2018:
€31.72 million). Of the total for fiscal 2019, €21.97 million (2018:
€21.93 million) was attributable to cash compensation and
€11.07 million (2018: €9.79 million) to stock-based compensation.

For fiscal 2019, each Managing Board member's base compensa-
tion and the target amount for his or her Bonus and Stock Awards
underwent a regular adjustment of +2.0%. This increase was
oriented in part on adjustments made to the compensation of
other employee groups within Siemens.

Combined Management Report

2. Basis: target amount (based on 100% target attainment)

Base compensation
Since October 1, 2018, base compensation has been as follows:

> €2,205,000 per year for President and CEO Joe Kaeser
> €1,101,600 per year for the other Managing Board members.

Fringe benefits

Managing Board members were granted fringe benefits for fiscal
2019. Depending on the Managing Board member, these benefits
totaled between €16,732 and €751,054.


--- Page 48 ---

Pension benefit commitments

For fiscal 2019, Managing Board members were granted contribu-
tions under the BSAV totaling €5.6 million (2018: €5.4 million),
based on a Supervisory Board decision from November 7, 2019.
Of this amount, €0.02 million (2018: €0.03 million) relates to the
funding of pension commitments earned prior to the transfer to
the BSAV.

The expense recognized in fiscal 2019 as a service cost under IFRS
for Managing Board members’ entitlements under the BSAV in
fiscal 2019 totaled €5.4 million (2018: €5.3 million).

Contributions under the BSAV are added to the individual pension
accounts in the January following each fiscal year. Until pension
payments begin, members’ pension accounts are credited with
an annual interest payment (guaranteed interest) on January 1 of
each year. The interest rate is currently 0.90%.

The following table shows the individualized contributions (allo-
cations) under the BSAV for fiscal 2019 as well as the defined

benefit obligations for pension commitments:

Total contribu- Defined benefit obligation for all pension
tions for commitments excluding deferred compensation’
(in® 2019 2018 2019 2018

Managing Board members
in office as of September 30, 2019

Joe Kaeser 1,234,800 14,299,267
Dr. Roland Busch 616,896 6,071,233
Lisa Davis? 616,896 5,701,811
Klaus Helmrich 616,896 6,473,904
Janina Kugel 616,896 2,674,432
Cedrik Neike 616,896 2,349,895
Michael Sen 616,896 1,862,660
Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 616,896 6,184,498 5 21
Total 5,553,072 45,617,700 39,518,836
Deferred compensation totals €4,125,612 (2018: €4,115,237), 2. In accordance with the provisions of the BSAV, benefits to pay such benefits in the future under certain conditions,
including €3,703,123 for Joe Kaeser (2018: €3,694,439), be paid to Lisa Davis are not in any way secured or funded and the payout will only be made from the Company's
€361,494 for Klaus Helmrich (2018: €362,606) and €60,995, through the trust associated with the Company's BSAV plan general assets.
for Prof.Dr. Ralf P. Thomas (2018: €58,192). or with any other trust. They represent only an unsecured,

unfunded legal obligation on the part of the Company to

In fiscal 2019, former members of the Managing Board and their
surviving dependents received emoluments within the meaning
of Section 314 para.1 No. 6b of the German Commercial Code
totaling €21.09 million (2018: €39.9 million).

The defined benefit obligation (DBO) of all pension commit-
ments to former members of the Managing Board and their sur-
viving dependents as of September 30, 2019, amounted to
€175.7 million (2018: €168.2 million). This figure is included in
> NOTE 17 iN B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Combined Management Report

49


--- Page 49 ---

50

Short-term variable compensation (Bonus)
Since October 1, 2018, the Bonus target amounts have been as
follows:

> €2,205,000 per year for President and CEO Joe Kaeser
> €1,101,600 per year for the other Managing Board members.

Target parameter “capital efficiency”

The target setting and target attainment for fiscal 2019 for the
target parameter “capital efficiency,” which is measured in terms
of return on capital employed (ROCE), were as follows:

100% target, floor and cap

For fiscal 2019, the ROCE value that would result in 100% target
attainment (ROCE target value) was set by the Supervisory Board
at 10.84%. The ROCE values that would result in 0% target attain-
ment and 200% target attainment were set for fiscal 2019 at
7.84% and 13.84%, respectively.

Determination of target attainment
ROCE for fiscal 2019 amounted to 11.07%, resulting in target attain-
ment of 107.67%.

Determining target attainment for ROCE

Target attainment (TA)

200% 2 ee ee eee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee eee eee eee
f
100% 4 0
1 t ROCE: 11.07% ‘
GS r i +> ROCE
Floor 100% target Cap
7.84% 10.84% 13.84%

Performance range

Performance range

<+—— (3 percentage points)» + (+3 percentage points)

Target parameter “profit”

The target setting and target attainment for fiscal 2019 for the
target parameter “profit,” measured in terms of earnings per share
(EPS), were as follows:

100% target, floor and cap

The EPS value that would result in target attainment of 100%
(EPS target value) corresponds to the average of the EPS values
for the prior three fiscal years (2016, 2017 and 2018) and
amounted to €7.10. The EPS values for target attainment of 0%
and 200% were set for fiscal 2019 as follows: an EPS of €5.60

Combined Management Report

would yield target attainment of 0%, and an EPS of €8.60 would
yield target attainment of 200%.

Determination of target attainment

To determine EPS target attainment for fiscal 2019, the EPS target
of €7.10 — which is the average of the EPS values for 2016, 2017 and
2018 — was compared to the average of the EPS values for fiscal
2017, 2018 and 2019, which amounted to €6.99. This comparison
yielded target attainment of 92.67% for the financial target EPS.
The two averages take account of the Company’s long-term perfor-
mance and provide incentives for a sustainable increase in profit.


--- Page 50 ---

Determining target attainment for EPS

Target attainment (TA)

200% .------------- === 2-22 2222 === === 2
FY Average EPS H
2016 = €6.74 H
Average 2016-2018 400% . '
2017 €7.44 i €7.10 (100% target) i i
2018 €7.12 ¢- €6.99 (actual value) H i
: + Average 2017-2019 '
2019 €6.41 Hf ) Aes
' i age
om Actual value: €6.99 |_| _, eps
Floor 100% target Cap
€5.60 €7.10 €8.60
Performance range Performance range
_——_ (- €1.50) ~< (+ €1.50) ~

The target setting and target attainment for the Bonus target
parameters for fiscal 2019 are summarized in the following table.

Target attainment for short-term variable compensation (Bonus)

Target value

Target parameter (based on 100% target attainment) Actual value Target attainment Total target attainment
33.34% Return on capital employed (ROCE)' 10.84% 11.07% 107.67%
33.33% Earnings per share (EPS),"? basic €7.10 €6.99 92.67%
33.33% Individual targets 110% -140%

Joe Kaeser 113%

Dr. Roland Busch 107%

Focus topics 2019: Tieaibavial 103%

> Implementation of “Vision 2020+” Klaus Helmrich 110%

> Market coverage Janina Kugel 103%

> Business performance

> Optimization/ efficiency enhancement Exist ‘i

Michael Sen 107%

Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 113%

1. Continuing and discontinued operations

2. The target value equals the average EPS value for fiscal

2016, 2017 and 2018. The actual value results from the
average EPS values for fiscal 2017, 2018 and 2019.

In fiscal 2019, the Supervisory Board did not exercise its option to
adjust target attainment upward or downward by up to 20%.

Combined Management Report

51


--- Page 51 ---

52

Long-term stock-based compensation
(Siemens Stock Awards)

Information about the grant of the 2019 tranche
Since October 1, 2018, the target amounts for long-term stock-
based compensation have been as follows:

> €2,278,000 per year for President and CEO Joe Kaeser
> €1,140,000 per year for the other Managing Board members.

In fiscal 2019, the Supervisory Board exercised its option to increase
the target amount for the Stock Awards on an individual basis by

as much as 75%. The target amounts for Michael Sen and Prof. Dr.
Ralf P. Thomas for fiscal 2019 were increased by 25% on a one-time
basis in recognition of their individual accomplishments and experi-
ence as well as the scope and demands of their functions, including
appointments to positions at Siemens companies that are not entailed
by the Managing Board responsibilities directly assigned to them.

The grant price applicable for the 2019 tranche was €85.03. The
Supervisory Board set the grant date at November 9, 2018. The
target amounts, the maximum grant values and the maximum
number of Stock Awards granted to each Managing Board mem-
ber were, accordingly, as follows:

Information on grant of the 2019 Stock Awards tranche

Target amount Maximum grant value Maximum number of Stock Awards

(based on 100% target attainment) —_ (based on 200% target attainment) _(based on 200% target attainment)

Joe Kaeser €2,278,000 €4,556,000 53,582
Dr. Roland Busch €1,140,000 €2,280,000 26,815
Lisa Davis €1,140,000 €2,280,000 26,815
Klaus Helmrich €1,140,000 €2,280,000 26,815
Janina Kugel €1,140,000 €2,280,000 26,815
Cedrik Neike €1,140,000 €2,280,000 26,815
Michael Sen €1,425,000 €2,850,000 33,518
Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas €1,425,000 €2,850,000 33,518

For the 2019 tranche, the Supervisory Board decided to use the
stock listings of the following competitors for its comparison of
share performance:

> ABB Ltd. (Swiss Exchange, Ztirich)
> Eaton Corporation plc. (New York Stock Exchange)

> General Electric Co. (New York Stock Exchange)
> Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. (Tokyo Stock Exchange)
> Schneider Electric S.A. (Euronext, Paris).

This list of competitors is unchanged from fiscal 2018.

Timetable for the 2019 Stock Awards tranche

Grant and beginning of the vesting period of about four years Settlement
. through
; transfer
: of Siemens
Reference period Performance period ‘ shares
| e + + * |
‘ 1 fl 1 .
Nov. 2018 Oct. 2019 Nov. 2019 2020 2021 Oct. 2022 Nov. 2022

Combined Management Report


--- Page 52 ---

Information about the transfer

of the 2014 and 2015 tranches

In past years, Managing Board members received Siemens Stock
Awards for every fiscal year. Starting with the 2015 tranche, the
plan duration of Siemens Stock Awards was reduced to four years,
in alignment with prevailing market practices. This reduction re-
sulted in a one-time transfer of two tranches — the 2014 and the
2015 tranches — in November 2018. The increase in paid compen-
sation in fiscal 2019 is primarily attributable to this transfer.

Determination of target attainment for the 2014 tranche

Up to and including the 2014 tranche, the grant of one-half
of the Siemens Stock Awards was linked to basic (undiluted)
earnings per share (EPS). In November 2014, 50% of the Stock
Awards’ target amount was adjusted in accordance with the at-
tainment of the EPS target and thereafter converted into a corre-
sponding number of Stock Awards. The remaining 50% of the
target amount depended on the performance of the Siemens
share compared to the share performance of relevant competi-
tors during the roughly four-year vesting period, which lasted
from November 2014 through October 2018.

Target attainment for the 2014 Siemens Stock Awards tranche

50% EPS

50% share price performance

Reference Performance Reference price vs.
price price performance price
i
EPS target attainment was ABB. CHF 19.89 CHF21.07 | Ee
calculated|iniNovember Alstom €25.64 €29.60 5s
2014 using the average
EPS values for fiscal 2012, Ge $26.14 $24.50 2)
2013 and 2014. Rockwell $117.49 $141.48 _
Schneider €60.66 €62.40 |_ a
Cc tite 7.67%
‘ompetitors (average) {___ ) ssa
ji ercentage
Siemens AG €95.49 105.11 — 10.08% ees

EPS target
attainment: 96%

Share price target attainment:' 100%

Total target attainment: 98%

1. Up to and including the 2014 tranche of the Siemens Stock Awards, the following target attainment

curve applied: a deviation (A) of +/— 7.5 percentage points yielded target attainment of 100%.

Combined Management Report

53


--- Page 53 ---

The following table provides a summary of the key parameters of
the 2014 Siemens Stock Awards tranche, which was settled in cash:

Overview of the 2014 Siemens Stock Awards tranche

Target EPS Target Target Grant Number Target Final Xetra Cash
amount SPP’ attain- amount price of SSA? attain- number closing payment
ment: per granted ment: of SSA? price
(based on EPS compo- SPP
100% target nent Novem- Novem-
attainment) ber 7, 2014 ber 12, 2018 (in€
Managing Board
members in office
as of September 30,
2019
50% 96%  €912,000 12,615 ——» 12,615 = €1,263,518
Joe Kaeser €1,900,000 x 59% ——» 950,000 / £7730 = 13140 100% 13,140 * €100-16 €1,316,102
50% 96%  €480,000 6639 ——> 6,639 €664,962
Dr. Roland Busch €1,000,000 x Soy €500.000 ! £7230 = org ao0%m e916 * ©100-16 e920 707
on 50% 96%  €870,737 12,044 ——m» 12,044 €1,206,327
3 , _ 12) ; 1206,
Usa Davis €1,814,035 x 50%, —_» 907,018 ' ©7739 = 47'5a6 100% 12,546 * €100.16 €1,256,607
; 50% 96%  €480,000 _ 6,639 —» 6,639 €664,962
Klaus Helmrich €1,000,000 x Soy €500.000 ! £7230 = org ao0%m e916 * ©100-16 e920 707
50% 96%  €480,000 6639 —» 6,639 €664,962
Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas €1,000,000 x 4° eso0.000 / ©7230 = og ao0m —-eo1g * €100.16 092,707

SPP: share price performance 3. The target amount disclosed for Lisa Davis (at 100% target

attainment) comprises an amount that was granted to her

1
2. SSA: Siemens Stock Awards :
. to compensate for the forfeiture of entitlements granted

Determination of target attainment for the 2015 tranche
Starting with the 2015 tranche, the Siemens Stock Awards were
subject to only one performance criterion — the performance of
the Siemens share compared to the share performance of rele-
vant competitors during the roughly four-year vesting period,
which lasted from November 2014 through October 2018.

by her previous employer (€1,647,368.73) as well as a
pro-rata grant of Siemens Stock Awards for fiscal 2014
(€166,666.67) in accordance with her employment contract.

Target attainment for the 2015 Siemens Stock Awards tranche

100% share price performance

Reference Performance Reference price vs.
price price performance price
i
ABB CHF18.58  CHF21.90 |
GE $26.04 $23.98 cow)
MHI/Toshiba’ ¥6,605.00  ¥4,243.35 722)
Rockwell $114.49 $150.47 EE
Schneider €59.96 €63.21 |_
it 1.92%
Competitors (average) ncsaas
Siemens AG €93.62  €108.95 is aetiep

Target attainment: 172%

1. The reported relative deviation of (37.22%) also takes into account Toshiba's performance, which is factored into the reported deviation on a weighted basis for 19 months.
Toshiba's reference price was ¥4,382.08, and its performance price was ¥2,694.00, yielding a relative deviation of (38.52%). MHI's relative deviation was (35.76%), with a weighting of 17 months.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 54 ---

The following table provides a summary of the key parameters of
the 2015 Siemens Stock Awards tranche, which was settled in cash:

Overview of the 2015 Siemens Stock Awards tranche

Target Grant Number of Target Final Xetra Cash
amount price SSA’ attainment: number closing payment
granted share price of SSA’ price
(based on performance
100% target Novem- Novem-
attainment) ber7, 2014 ber 12, 2018 Gn®
Managing Board
members in office as of
September 30, 2019
Joe Kaeser €1,950,000 / €72.30 26,971 x 172% = 46,391 x €100.16 =  €4,646,523
Dr. Roland Busch €1,040,000 / €72.30 14,385 x 172% = 24,743 x €100.16 =  €2,478,259
Lisa Davis €1,040,000 / €72.30 14,385 x 172% = 24,743 x €100.16 =  €2,478,259
Klaus Helmrich €1,040,000 / €72.30 14,385 x 172% = 24,743 x €100.16 =  €2,478,259
Janina Kugel? €693,333 | €72.30 9,590 x 172% = 16,495 x €100.16 =  €1,652,139
Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas €1,040,000 / €72.30 14,385 x 172% 24,743 x €100.16 €2,478,259

1. SSA: Siemens Stock Awards

1 fiscal 2015 (see table), Siemens Stock Awards in the amount of
February 1, 2015. In addition to the Siemens Phantom Stock

IN

Janina Kugel was appointed to the Managing Board effective

‘Awards granted upon her appointment for a portion of

Information about current target attainment
for the 2016 to 2019 tranches
As of October 2019, target attainment for the 2016 to 2019 tranches
of the Siemens Stock Awards was as follows:

Target attainment for the 2016 to 2019 Stock Awards tranches (as of October 2019)

-€51,300 were granted to her from the 2015 tranche for her

position as a member of Top Management.

Tranche Vesting period Reference period Performance period Target attainment
2016 Nov. 2015-Nov. 2019 Nov. 2015 -Oct. 2016 Nov. 2016-Oct. 2019 131%
2017 Nov. 2016 -Nov. 2020 Nov. 2016 -Oct. 2017 Nov. 2017-Oct. 2020 95%
2018 Nov. 2017-Nov. 2021 Nov. 2017 - Oct. 2018 Nov. 2018-Oct. 2021 83%
2019 Nov. 2018-Nov. 2022 Nov. 2018-Oct. 2019 Nov. 2019-Oct. 2022 ~

Combined Management Report

55


--- Page 55 ---

56

Share Ownership Guidelines

The deadlines by which the individual Managing Board members
must first verify compliance with the Siemens Share Ownership
Guidelines vary from member to member, depending on when
they were appointed to the Managing Board. For Managing Board

members in office as of September 30, 2019, the following table
shows the number of Siemens shares each held as of the March 2019
deadline for verifying compliance with the Share Ownership Guide-
lines. It also shows the number of shares to be held throughout
their terms of office with a view toward future deadlines.

Obligations under Share Ownership Guidelines
Required Verified
Percentage Percentage
of base Value’ Number of of base Value? Number of
compensation’ in€ shares? compensation’ in€ shares?

Managing Board members in office
as of September 30, 2019, and required
to verify compliance as of March 8, 2019

Joe Kaeser

Dr. Roland Busch

Lisa Davis

Klaus Helmrich

Janina Kugel
Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 20,884 203% 21,241
Total 16,770,488 165,355 18,780,956 185,180

1 The amount of the obligation is based on the average base
compensation for the four years prior to the respective dates
of verification.

Other
No loans or advances from the Company are provided to mem-
bers of the Managing Board.

Benefits granted and payments

made in fiscal 2019

The following tables show individually for each Managing
Board member the benefits granted in fiscal 2019 and fiscal
2018. The actual amounts paid out are reported under “Benefits
received.”

The amounts of base compensation, the Bonus and fringe bene-
fits relate to fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018.

Target compensation for one-year variable compensation
(Bonus), including floors and caps, is reported under “Benefits
granted.” The amounts for multi-year variable compensation
(Siemens Stock Awards) granted in fiscal 2019 reflect the fair
value on the grant date. The figures for individual maximums
for one-year variable compensation (Bonus) and multi-year vari-
able compensation (Siemens Stock Awards) reflect the possible
maximum value in accordance with the maximum amounts
agreed upon for fiscal 2019 — that is, 240% and 300% of the
applicable target amounts. Total maximum compensation for
fiscal 2019, which is reported as “Total compensation (Code),”

Combined Management Report

2 Based on the average Xetra opening price of €101.42 for the
fourth quarter of 2018 (October-December)

3. Asof March 8, 2019 (date of verification)

represents the contractual maximum amount of total com-
pensation. The maximum amount of total compensation was
1.7 times target compensation for fiscal 2019 plus two times the
value of the fringe benefits and pension commitments in fiscal
2018. The figure of 1.7 times target compensation is reported
separately as maximum compensation under “Total non-perfor-
mance-based/performance-based compensation.” Target com-
pensation equals the total of base compensation, the target
amount for the one-year variable compensation (Bonus) and
the target amount for multi-year variable compensation
(Siemens Stock Awards).

Total compensation in accordance with the applicable account-
ing standards is also reported under “Benefits granted.” Instead
of the target amount for one-year variable compensation (Bonus)
specified by the Code, this figure includes the actual Bonus paid
out and excludes the pension service cost.

The payments made in 2019 and 2018 are reported under “Bene-
fits received.” The payouts for stock-based compensation refer to
grants for fiscal 2015, 2014 and 2013. The benefits received for
2019 are significantly higher because in fiscal 2019 there was a
one-time transfer of two tranches of the Siemens Stock Awards
(for details, see “Information about the transfer of the 2014 and
2015 tranches").


--- Page 56 ---

Joe Kaeser
Appointed: May 2006
President and CEO since August 2013

Benefits granted

Benefits received

2019 2019
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2019 (Min) (Max) 2018 2019 (2018
Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation) 2,205 2,205. ——-2,205.——2,162 2,205 2,162
based compensation Fringe benefits 115 115 115 115 115 115
Total 2,320 2,320 2,320 2,277 2,320. 2,277
Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus 2,205 0 5,292 2,162 2,502 2,505
Multi-year variable compensation
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) 2,330 0 6,834 - - .
Stock Awards 2018 (Vesting period: 2017 -21) = - = 2,175 - -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - = - - 4,647 -
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - = - - 2,580 -
Stock Awards 2013 (Vesting period: 2013-17) = - - - = 2,800
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) = - - - 931 -
Bonus Awards 2013 (Waiting period: 2013-17) = - = - - 809
Other = - - - = -
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 6,854 2,320. (11,370 6,613. «12,978 8,391
Pension service cost. 1,271. 1,271_—«1,271~——«1,207 1271 1,207
Total compensation (Code) 8,125 3,590 14,021 7,820. © «14,249 —«9,597
Compensation according to applicable reporting standards
Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus (payout amount) _2,502 2,505
Total compensation 7,151 6,956

Combined Management Report

57


--- Page 57 ---

Dr. Roland Busch
Appointed: April 2011
Deputy CEO since October 2019

Benefits granted Benefits received
2019 2019
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2019 (Min) (Max) 2018 2019 (2018
Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation) 1,102 1,102 ~—1,102——«1,080 1,102 1,080
based compensation Fringe benefits 57 57 57 55 57 55
Total 1,159. 1,159 1,159 1,135 1159 1,135
Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus 1,102 0 2,644 ‘1,080 1176 1,216
Multi-year variable compensation
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) 1,166 0 3,420 - - .
Stock Awards 2018 (Vesting period: 2017 -21) = - = 1,088 - -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - = - - 2,478 -
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - = - - 1,358 -
Stock Awards 2013 (Vesting period: 2013-17) = - - - = 1,577
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) = - - - 559 -
Bonus Awards 2013 (Waiting period: 2013-17) = - = - - 628
Other = - - - = -
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 3,426 1,159 5,683 3,303 6,730 4,556
Pension service cost, 566 566 566 593 566 593
Total compensation (Code) 3,992 1,725 7,004 ~—«3,896 7,296 5,149
Compensation according to applicable reporting standards
Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus (payout amount) _ 1,176 1,216
Total compensation 3,501 3,439

58 Combined Management Report


--- Page 58 ---

Lisa Davis’
Appointed: August 2014

Benefits granted Benefits received
2019 2019
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2019 (Min) (Max) 2018 2019 (2018
Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation) 1,102 1,102. ~—1,102,——«1,080 1,102 1,080
based compensation Fringe benefits? 751 751 751 401 729 401
Total 1,853. 1,853. 1,853 1,481 1,830 1,481
Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus 1,102 0 2,644 1,080 1140 1,180
Multi-year variable compensation
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) __ 1,166 0 3,420 - - .
Stock Awards 2018 (Vesting period: 2017-21) = - = ~ 1,088 = -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - = - - 2,478 -
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18)? = - - - 2,463 -
Stock Awards 2013 (Vesting period: 2013-17) = - - - = -
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) - - - - 58 -
Bonus Awards 2013 (Waiting period: 2013-17) - - - - = -
Other = - - - = -
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 4,120 1,853 5,683 3,649 7,969 2,661
Pension service cost 611 611 611 581 611 581
Total compensation (Code) 4,731 2,464 ~—«7,696 «4,230 8,580 3,242
Compensation according to applicable reporting standards
Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus (payout amount) _1,140 1,180
Total compensation 4,158 3,749

1

Lisa Davis's compensation is pai
Ithas been agreed that any tax

ut in Germany in euros.
ity that arises due to tax
rates that are higher in Germany than in the U. S. will be

reimbursed. In addition, a currency adjustment payment was
granted for base compensation in calendar years 2017 and
2018 as well as for the Bonus for fiscal years 2017 and 2018.

2. The fringe benefits reported under “Benefits granted”
(fiscal 2019) also include fringe benefits of €22,288, which
will be paid out in October 2019 (fiscal 2020).

3. The amount reported under “Benefits received" includes

© €2,236,573 from the settlement of Siemens Stock Awards
that were granted to Lisa Davis in fiscal 2014 as com-
pensation for the forfeiture of entitlements granted by her
previous employer.

Combined Management Report

59


--- Page 59 ---

Klaus Helmrich
Appointed: April 2011

Benefits granted Benefits received
2019 2019
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2019 (Min) (Max) 2018 2019 (2018
Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation) 1,102 1,102. ~—1,102,——«1,080 1,102 1,080
based compensation Fringe benefits 45 45 45 44 45 44
Total 1,147. 1,147,—«1,147,——«1,124 1147. (1,124
Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus 1,102 0 2,644 ‘1,080 1,213 1,288
Multi-year variable compensation
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) __ 1,166 0 3,420 - - .
Stock Awards 2018 (Vesting period: 2017 -21) = - = 1,088 = -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - = - - 2,478 -
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18) = = - - 1,358 -
Stock Awards 2013 (Vesting period: 2013-17) = - - - = 1,577
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) = - - - 483 -
Bonus Awards 2013 (Waiting period: 2013-17) - = = - - 619
Other = - - - = -
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 3,415 1,147 5,683. «3,291 6,679 4,608
Pension service cost, 618 618 618 593 618 593

Total compensation (Code) 4,033 1,765 6,980 3,884 7,297 5,201

Compensation according to applicable reporting standards

Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus (payout amount) _ 1,213 1,288
Total compensation 3,526 3,499

60 Combined Management Report


--- Page 60 ---

Janina Kugel
Appointed: February 2015

Benefits granted Benefits received

2019 2019
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2019 (Min) (Max) 2018 2019 2018"
Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation) 1,102 1,102. ~—1,102,——«1,080 1,102 1,080
based compensa Fringe benefits 41 41 41 40 41 40
Total 1,142. 1,142.~——«1,142——«*1,120 1,142 1,120
Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus 1,102 0 2,644 ‘1,080 1140 1,144
Multi-year variable compensation
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) __ 1,166 0 3,420 - - .
Stock Awards 2018 (Vesting period: 2017 -21) = - = 1,088 = -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - = - - 1,652 -
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18) = - - - - -
Stock Awards 2013 (Vesting period: 2013-17) = - - - = -
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) = - - - - -
Bonus Awards 2013 (Waiting period: 2013-17) - - - - - -
Other? = - - - 258 453
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 3,410 1,142 ‘5,683. 3,288 4,192 2,718
Pension service cost 584 584 584 577 584 577
Total compensation (Code) 3,994 1,727. 6,974 «3,865 4,777 3,295
Compensation according to applicable reporting standards
Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus (payout amount) _1,140 1,144
Total compensation _ 3,448 3,352

1. Atthe beginning of fiscal 2018, Janina Kugel was also
entitled to 2.501 matching shares from the Share Matching
Program (see -> NOTE 26 in B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS). She had acquired this entitlement
When she was an employee of Siemens AG before she
became a member of the Managing Board. The entitlement
fell due and was settled in February 2018. At the time of
transfer, the shares had a value equivalent to €291.37.

2 To compensate for the forfeiture of stock at her previous
employer, Janina Kugel was granted a special allocation of

3,999 Siemens Stock Awards in February 2014. This commit-

ment arose out of an entitlement that Janina Kugel had
acquired when she was an employee of Siemens AG before
she became a member of the Managing Board. in Febru-
ary 2018, after expiration of the four-year vesting period,
the Siemens Stock Awards were settled in cash. The value
of these Siemens Stock Awards is reported under “Other”
(see "Benefits received,” fiscal 2018).

Janina Kugel was appointed to the Managing Board, effec-
tive February 1, 2015. The value of Siemens Phantom Stock
‘Awards granted to Janina Kugel upon her appointment for
fiscal 2015 on a pro rata basis and settled in November 2018,
following the expiration of the four-year vesting period is
reported under "Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period 2014-18)”
Furthermore, Janina Kugel was entitled to Siemens Stock
‘Awards from the 2014 and 2015 tranches acquired when
she was an employee of Siemens AG, before she became

‘a member of the Managing Board. These Stock Awards were
also settled in November 2018, and their value is reported
Under “Other” (see “Benefits received,” fiscal 2019).

Combined Management Report

61


--- Page 61 ---

Appointed: April 2017

Benefits granted Benefits received?

2019 2019
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2019 (Min) (Max) 2018 2019 (2018
Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation) 1,102 1,102. ~—1,102,——«1,080 1,102 1,080
based compensation Fringe benefits 7 17 17 29 7 29
Total 1,118 1,118 ~=—1,118 ~——«1,109 1,118 1,109
Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus 1,102 0 2,644 ‘1,080 1213 1,144
Multi-year variable compensation
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) __ 1,166 0 3,420 - - .
Stock Awards 2018 (Vesting period: 2017 -21) = - = 1,088 = -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - -
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18) = - - - - -
Stock Awards 2013 (Vesting period: 2013-17) = - - - = -
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) = - - - - -
Bonus Awards 2013 (Waiting period: 2013-17) - - - - - -
Other = - - - = 1,457
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 3,386 1,118 5,683 3,27 2,331 3,710
Pension service cost 568 568 568 553 568 553
Total compensation (Code) 3,954 1,686 6,951 _—=3,830 2,899 4,263
Compensation according to applicable reporting standards
Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus (payout amount) 1,213 1,144
Total compensation __ 3,497 3,341

1 Inaddition to his role as a member of the Managing Board of (2018: €13,409), respectively, were granted and paid by

2. To compensate for the forfeiture of stock at his previous

62

Siemens AG, Cedrik Neike served as Executive Chairman of
the Board of Directors of Siemens Ltd. China until March 31,
2019. Of the fixed compensation and payout amount for
one-year variable compensation reported here (see “Benefits
received’), an amount of €262,260 (2018: €514,725) was
granted and paid by Siemens Ltd. China and deducted from
the compensation for his Managing Board activities at
Siemens AG. Of the multi-year variable compensation

and fringe benefits reported here (see "Benefits granted”),
amounts of €131,359 (2018: €261,625) and €10,842

Combined Management Report

Siemens Ltd. China. In addition, it has been agreed that
Siemens AG will offset, as a net amount, any personal tax
burden that, due to Cedrik Neike’s two employment relation-
ships, exceeds the burden that he would incur if he paid

tax solely on the benefits granted to him under his employ-
ment contract with Siemens AG in Germany. Siemens AG

will also offset, as a net amount, any burdens due to charges
and contributions to social insurance or comparable statutory
systems in China additional to those he incurs in Germany.
To date, no such offset payments have been made.

‘employer, the Supervisory Board granted Cedrik Neike a
‘one-time amount of €4,200,000 in fiscal 2017. Of this
‘amount, 75% was granted in the form of non-forfeitable
‘Siemens Phantom Stock Awards and the remaining 25% as
‘a special pension benefit contribution. One half of these
‘Siemens Phantom Stock Awards fell due and was settled in
‘September 2017. The other half fell due and was settled

in Septernber 2018. The value of these Siemens Phantom.
‘Stock Awards depended solely on the performance of the
‘Siemens share.


--- Page 62 ---

Michael Sen
Appointed: April 2017

Benefits granted

Benefits received

2019 2019
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2019 (Min) (Max) 2018 2019 (2018
Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation) 1,102 1,102. ~—1,102,——«1,080 1,102 1,080
based compensation Fringe benefits 170 170 170 510 170 510
Total 1,272. 1,272. -—«:1,272——«1,590 1,272. 1,590
Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus 1,102 0 2,644 ‘1,080 1176 1,252
Multi-year variable compensation
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) __ 1,457 0 4,275 - - .
Stock Awards 2018 (Vesting period: 2017 -21) = - = 1,088 = -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - -
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18) = = - - - -
Stock Awards 2013 (Vesting period: 2013-17) = - - - = -
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) = - - - - -
Bonus Awards 2013 (Waiting period: 2013-17) - = - - - -
Other = - - - = -
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 3,831 1,272 (6,168 3,757 2,448 2,841
Pension service cost, 562 562 562 559 562 559
Total compensation (Code) 4,393 1,834 «8,397 «4,316 3,010 3,400
Compensation according to applicable reporting standards
Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus (payout amount) _ 1,176 1,252
Total compensation __3,906 3,929

Combined Management Report

63


--- Page 63 ---

Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas
Appointed: September 2013

Benefits granted Benefits received
2019 2019
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2019 (Min) (Max) 2018 2019 (2018
Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation) 1,102 1,102. ~—1,102,——«1,080 1,102 1,080
based compensation Fringe benefits 69 69 69 72 69 72
Total 1,171. «1,171~=1,171——«1,152 1A71_—_(1,152
Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus 1,102 0 2,644 ‘1,080 1,250. 1,216
Multi-year variable compensation
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) __ 1,457 0 4,275 - - .
Stock Awards 2018 (Vesting period: 2017 -21) = - = 1,088 = -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - = - - 2,478 -
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18) = = - - 1,358 -
Stock Awards 2013 (Vesting period: 2013-17) = - - - = 751
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) = - - - 483 -
Bonus Awards 2013 (Waiting period: 2013-17) - = = - - 24
Other = - - - = -
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 3,730 1,171 6,168 3,319 6,740 3,143
Pension service cost, 586 586 586 596 586 596

Total compensation (Code) 4,315 1,756 7,521 3,915 7,325 3,738

Compensation according to applicable reporting standards

Performance-based One-year variable compensation
compensation Bonus (payout amount) _1,250 1,216
Total compensation 3,878 3,455

64 Combined Management Report


--- Page 64 ---

A.10.1.3 ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES ON
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION INSTRUMENTS

IN FISCAL 2019

The following table shows changes in the balance of the Stock
Awards held by Managing Board members in fiscal 2019. The table
also includes the expenses for each individual Managing Board
member arising from stock-based compensation recognized in
accordance with IFRS in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018.

Vested and
Granted settled Forfeited
Balance at beginning of during during during Balance atend of —_Expenses for stock-based
fiscal 2019 fiscal year’ fiscal year _fiscal year fiscal 2019? compensation (in €)
Bonus
Non-forfeit- Forfeitable Forfeitable Awards and Non-forfeit- Forfeitable
able Bonus Stock Stock Stock Stock able Bonus Stock
Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards
(Amounts in number of units) grants grants grants grants grants grants grants 2019 2018

Managing Board
members in office as
of September 30, 2019

Joe Kaeser 9,296 127,189 - 128,045 1,231,410 3,474,486
Dr. Roland Busch 5,578 65,441 - 64,316 606,684 1,785,096
Lisa Davis 576 76,476 - 64,316 605,764 1,71
Klaus Helmrich 4,824 65,441 - 64,316 606,940 1,785,401
Janina Kugel - 48,135 - 63,294 578,552 1,566,652
Cedrik Neike? - 17,192 26,815 - 44,007 557,575 419,403
Michael Sen - 22,394 33,518 - 55,912 716,334 653,500
Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas. 4,824 65,441 33,518 32,764 - 71,019 679,797 1,855,216
Total 25,098 487,709 254,693 212,275 - - 555,225 5,583,058 13,240,953
1 The resulting fair value per awarded share at grant date in 2__The figures take into account the Stock Awards granted 3. The reported figures include the Stock Awards granted to

fiscal 2019 was €43.48, in November 2018 for fiscal 2019. Cedrik Neike for his position as Executive Chairman of the

Board of Directors of Siemens Ltd. China.

In fiscal 2019, a gain from stock-based compensation for former
members of the Managing Board amounting to €928,067 was
recognized in accordance with IFRS. The gain was due to the re-
versal of accrued provisions, which were recognized as income.
These provisions exceeded the payout for the Stock Awards and
Bonus Awards that were transferred in fiscal 2019 or exceeded
the provisions required for the portions of the 2016 and 2017
tranches to be settled in cash. Settlement of Stock Awards for
former Managing Board members via the transfer of Siemens
shares typically takes place after the expiration of the relevant
vesting period.

Combined Management Report 65


--- Page 65 ---

66

A.10.1.4 OUTLOOK FOR FISCAL 2020

Due to the strategic realignment of the Siemens Group under
“Vision 2020+," the draft version of the German Corporate Gover-
nance Code of May 9, 2019, and the draft of the act transposing
the second European Shareholder Rights Directive into German
law (ARUG II), the compensation system for Managing Board
members was thoroughly reviewed and further developed in fis-
cal 2019. The Compensation Committee prepared a recommenda-
tion for a revision of the compensation system that was submitted

to the Supervisory Board and approved by that body on Septem-
ber 18, 2019. The revised compensation system applies to all
members of the Managing Board in office as of October 1, 2019,
and to all new appointments and reappointments thereafter.
Plans call for submitting the revised compensation system to the
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting for endorsement in February 2020.

The key changes in the compensation system for Managing Board
members are explained below.

Overview of changes in Managing Board compensation

Compensation system until fiscal 2019

Uniform allocation of target direct compensation:
Base compensation 33%

Bonus 33%
Stock Awards 34%
33.33% EPS

m 33.34% ROCE
m 33.33% individual targets

Compensation
structure

> Reinforcement of long-term focus by increasing percentage
of Stock Awards

> Supervisory Board can differentiate compensation structure
by function as long as long-term focus is guaranteed

Functional responsibilities Business responsibilities

33.34% Group (generally EPS) _ mi 33.34% Group (generally EPS)
m 33.33% Group (generally m 33.33% business (generally
ROCE) profit margin)

Adjustment option up to = 20% Bonus = 33.33% individual targets 1m 33.33% individual targets
Payout cap: 240%
No adjustment option
Payout cap: 200%
TOO senarelptice perfornanceetcom parison 80% based on TSR vs. MSCI World Industrials
Ga Stock Awards 20% based on a Siemens-internal ESG/ Sustainability Index

Bonus and Stock Awards

Expense reimbursement

BSAV contribution as percentage of target cash compensation

Malus/clawback

Fringe benefits

Pension benefit
commitments

‘comprising three key performance indicators, such as CO emissions

Bonus and Stock Awards, expanded scope

Expense reimbursement up to an amount
defined by the Supervisory Board

Defined BSAV contr in euros; option for new appointees
to receive amount for use at their discretion

“Vision 2020+"/sustainable company development
With “Vision 2020+,” Siemens has set the course for sustainable
value creation through accelerated growth and stronger profit-
ability. The aim of “Vision 2020+" is to give the Company’s individ-
ual businesses considerably more entrepreneurial freedom and
more responsibility for their results. This realignment requires
a Managing Board compensation system that takes greater ac-
count of Managing Board members’ individual achievements and
responsibilities and provides incentives for Siemens’ sustainable,

Combined Management Report

profitable development as a whole. As an important step in the
move to tie compensation more closely to long-term Company
development, the proportion of Stock Awards in target total com-
pensation will be increased for all Managing Board members.
In addition, the Share Ownership Guidelines, which are already
ambitious, will be retained.


--- Page 66 ---

In addition, the following key changes will be made to the system:

> The short-term variable component (Bonus) will continue to
be based on two key financial figures, each of which will have
a one-third weighting. For Managing Board members with
responsibilities for an individual business one of these two key
figures will be measured at the level of that business in order
to take due account of the operational implementation of the
Company strategy. For Managing Board members with primar-
ily functional responsibilities (for example, finance), both key
financial figures will continue to be measured at the Group
level. Individual targets will still have a one-third weighting.

> For long-term stock-based compensation (Stock Awards), the
performance of Siemens AG on the capital market will be
compared to a broad sector index (MSCI World Industrials) on
the basis of total shareholder return (TSR). In view of the
planned and announced changes in the business portfolio of
Siemens AG, MSCI World Industrials offers a stable, strategi-
cally relevant metric over the term of a tranche. By taking ac-
count of share price performance and dividends paid, TSR
reflects the overall performance of the Siemens share.

> To anchor environmental, social &governance (ESG) factors
and sustainability in the Managing Board compensation sys-
tem, a second performance criterion will be introduced for the
Stock Awards in the form of a Siemens-internal ESG/Sustain-
ability Index, which is based on three equally weighted met-
rics. The ESG metrics will reflect relevant strategic and socio-
political topics.

Compensation caps/contract provisions

The Managing Board compensation system is intended to comply
with regulatory requirements as well as to be appropriate and in
line with prevailing market practice. As a result, the following
adjustments to the design of the compensation system have
been or will be implemented as of fiscal 2020:

> The current caps of 200% of the target amount for the Bonus
and 300% of the target amount for Stock Awards will be
retained. In addition, the Supervisory Board of Siemens AG
has defined maximum Managing Board compensation for
fiscal 2020.

> The Supervisory Board’s option to adjust the Bonus payout
amount upwards or downwards by as much as 20% at its duty-
bound discretion has been eliminated. As a result, the maxi-
mum Bonus payout amount has been reduced from 240% to
200% of the target amount.

> Amaximum amount of fringe benefits has been defined rela-
tive to base salary. This amount caps the benefits that can be
paid to a Managing Board member.

> Inthe future, the pension benefit contribution will be set as a
fixed amount rather than in relation to base compensation
plus the Bonus target amount. Furthermore, in lieu of a de-
fined contribution to pension benefits, the Supervisory Board
may grant newly appointed Managing Board members an
amount to be used at the member's discretion.

> Newly appointed Managing Board members and members
whose employment contracts are renewed are not entitled to
a severance payment if they terminate their employment in
the event of a change of control.

> The existing scope of the clawback and malus regulations will
be expanded for both the Bonus and the Stock Awards.

Transparency

With its revised compensation system for the Managing Board
and in line with regulatory requirements and feedback from
various stakeholders, Siemens has further enhanced its level of
transparency. Shareholders and other stakeholders should al-
ways be able to understand clearly how the system for compen-
sating Managing Board members helps implement the Compa-
ny’s strategy and fosters its sustainable development.

In the future, the Compensation Report will include the relevant
performance criteria for the following fiscal year’s Bonus, to-
gether with the corresponding key figures. The key figures for the
Siemens ESG/Sustainability Index that have been selected for the
new tranche of Stock Awards will also be published.

The target values, target ranges and target attainment for the
Bonus-related key financial figures in a reporting year will be pub-
lished retroactively in the Compensation Report. The target values,
target ranges and target attainment measured in terms of capital
market performance and of the Siemens ESG/Sustainability Index
will be published for the relevant Stock Awards tranches after the
expiration of the vesting period.

Combined Management Report

67


--- Page 67 ---

68

Targets for fiscal 2020

On September 18, 2019, the Supervisory Board of Siemens AG
approved the following performance criteria for the short-term
variable compensation component (Bonus) for fiscal 2020:

> for”Siemens Group,” the performance criterion “profit,” meas-
ured in terms of basic earnings per share (EPS)

> for “Managing Board portfolio,” the performance criterion
“profitability/capital efficiency,” measured in terms of return
on capital employed (ROCE) for Managing Board members
with primarily functional responsibility, and in terms of the
profit margin of the relevant business for Managing Board
members with business responsibility.

The Supervisory Board also approved the following performance
criteria for the 2020 Siemens Stock Awards tranche (vesting pe-
riod: November 2019 to November 2023):

> “long-term value creation,” measured in terms of total share-
holder return (TSR) relative to the MSCI World Industrials index

> “sustainability,” measured in terms of the Siemens ESG/Sus-
tainability Index and taking into account the following three
equally weighted key factors: CO2 emissions (environmental),
learning hours per employee (social) and Net Promoter Score
(governance).

A.10.2 Compensation of
Supervisory Board members

The current compensation policies for the Supervisory Board
were authorized at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on Janu-
ary 28, 2014, and have been in effect since fiscal 2014. Details
are set out in Section 17 of the Articles of Association of
Siemens AG. Supervisory Board compensation consists entirely
of fixed compensation; it reflects the responsibilities and scope
of the work of the Supervisory Board members. The Chairman
and Deputy Chairs of the Supervisory Board, as well as the chairs
and members of the Audit Committee, the Chairman’s Commit-
tee, the Compensation Committee, the Compliance Committee
and the Innovation and Finance Committee receive additional
compensation.

Under the current rules, the members of the Supervisory Board
receive an annual base compensation, and the members of the
Supervisory Board committees receive additional compensation
for their committee work.

Compensation of members of the Supervisory Board and its committees

Base compensation of Supervisory Board

Chairman
€280,000

Deputy Chairs
€220,000

Member
€140,000

Additional compensation for committee work

Audit Committee Chairman’s Committee

Compensation

Unset ei Compliance Committee

Committee Finance Committee
Chair Chair Chair Chair Chair
€160,000 €120,000 €100,000 €80,000 €80,000
Member Member Member Member Member
€80,000 €80,000 €60,000 €40,000 €40,000

Combined Management Report


--- Page 68 ---

Compensation for work on the Chairman’s Committee counts
toward compensation for work on the Compensation Committee.
No additional compensation is paid for work on the Compliance
Committee if a member of that committee is already entitled to
compensation for work on the Audit Committee.

If a Supervisory Board member is absent from any Supervisory
Board meetings, one-third of the aggregate compensation due to
that member is reduced by the percentage of Supervisory Board
meetings he or she does not attend in relation to the total num-
ber of Supervisory Board meetings held during the fiscal year. In
the event of changes in the composition of the Supervisory Board
or its committees, compensation is paid on a pro rata basis,
rounding up to the next full month.

In addition, the members of the Supervisory Board are entitled
to receive a fee of €1,500 for each meeting of the Supervisory
Board and/or its committees they attend.

The members of the Supervisory Board are reimbursed for out-
of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their duties and
for any value-added taxes to be paid on their compensation. For
the performance of his duties, the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board is also entitled to an office with secretarial support and
the use of a car service. No loans or advances from the Com-
pany are provided to members of the Supervisory Board. The
compensation shown in the following table was determined for
each Supervisory Board member for fiscal 2019 (individualized
disclosure).

2019 2018
Additional Additional
compen- compen-
Base sation for Meeting Base sation for Meeting
compen- committee _—_ attendance compen- committee attendance

(Amounts in €) sation work fee Total sation work fee Total
Supervisory Board
members in office as
of September 30, 2019
Jim Hagemann Snabe 280,000 280,000 52,500 612,500 245,000 240,000 51,000 536,000
Birgit Steinborn' 220,000 200,000 51,000 471,000 220,000 200,000 57,000 477,000
Werner Wenning 220,000 140,000 37,500 397,500 220,000 140,000 43,500 403,500
Dr. Werner Brandt 140,000 160,000 24,000 324,000 105,000 120,000 15,000 240,000
Michael Diekmann 140,000 60,000 15,000 215,000 60,000 16,500 216,500
Dr. Andrea Fehrmann' 140,000 - 9,000 149,000 105,000 7,500 112,500
Bettina Haller? 140,000 80,000 24,000 244,000 140,000 80,000 24,000 244,000
Robert Kensbock* 140,000 180,000 28,500 348,500 140,000 180,000 31,500 351,500
Harald Kern* 140,000 80,000 19,500 239,500 140,000 80,000 24,000 244,000
Jiirgen Kerner" 140,000 200,000 51,000 391,000 140,000 200,000 54,000 394,000
Dr. Nicola Leibinger-Kammiiller 140,000 80,000 25,500 245,500 140,000 80,000 28,500 248,500
Benoit Potier 132,222 - 9,000 141,222 105,000 7,500 112,500
Hagen Reimer"? 105,000 - 4,500 109,500
Dr. Norbert Reithofer 132,222 37,778 12,000 182,000 134,167 38,333 16,500 189,000
Dame Nemat Shafik (DPhil) 132,222 - 7,500 139,722 105,000 7,500 112,500
Dr. Nathalie von Siemens 140,000 40,000 13,500 193,500 140,000 30,000 15,000 185,000
Michael Sigmund 140,000 = 9,000 149,000 12,000 152,000
Dorothea Simon" 140,000 - 9,000 149,000 12,000 152,000
Matthias Zachert 140,000 80,000 24,000 244,000 105,000 60,000 12,000 177,000
Gunnar Zukunft? 140,000 - 9,000 149,000 105,000 7,500 112,500
Former members
of the Supervisory Board
Reinhard Hahn’? 46,667 - 4,500 51,167 140,000 12,000 152,000
Total? 3,088,333 1,617,778 | 439,500 5,145,611 2,849,167 _ 1,508,333 454,500 4,812,000

These employee representatives on the Supervisory Board
and the representatives of the trade unions on the Super-
visory Board have declared their willingness to transfer
their compensation to the Hans Boeckler Foundation, in
accordance with the guidelines of the Confederation of
German Trade Unions.

2 Hagen Reimer was elected a member of the Supervisory
Board, effective at the end of the Annual Shareholders’
Meeting on January 30, 2019. He succeeded Reinhard Hahn,
Who left the Supervisory Board, effective the same date.

3 Compared to the amounts reported in the 2018 Compen-
sation Report, this amount does not include compensation
totaling €543,667 for former Supervisory Board members
Olaf Bolduan, Dr. Gerhard Cromme, Dr. Hans Michael Gaul,
Gérard Mestrallet, Giller Sabanci and Sibylle Wankel

Combined Management Report

69


--- Page 69 ---

A.10.3 Other

The Company provides a group insurance policy for Supervisory
and Managing Board members and certain other employees of
the Siemens Group. The policy is taken out for one year at a time
or renewed annually. It covers the personal liability of the insured
individuals in cases of financial loss associated with their activi-
ties on behalf of the Company. The insurance policy for fiscal
2019 includes a deductible for the members of the Managing
Board and the Supervisory Board that complies with the require-
ments of the German Stock Corporation Act and the Code.

70 Combined Management Report


--- Page 70 ---

A.11 Takeover-relevant information

(pursuant to Sections 289a para.1 and 315a para.1 of the German Commercial Code)

and explanatory report

A.11.1 Composition of common stock

As of September 30, 2019, the Company’s common stock totaled
€2.550 billion. The capital stock is divided into 850 million regis-
tered shares of no par value. The shares are fully paid in. All shares
confer the same rights and obligations. The shareholders’ rights
and obligations are governed in detail by the provisions of the
German Stock Corporation Act, in particular by Sections 12, 53a et
seq., 118 et seq. and 186 of the German Stock Corporation Act.

A.11.2 Restrictions on voting rights
or transfer of shares

At the Shareholders’ Meeting, each share of stock has one vote
and accounts for the shareholders’ proportionate share in the
Company’s net income. An exception to this rule applies with
regard to treasury shares held by the Company, which do not
entitle the Company to any rights. Under Section 136 of the Ger-
man Stock Corporation Act the voting right of the affected shares
is excluded by law.

Shares issued to employees worldwide under the employee share
programs implemented since the beginning of fiscal 2009, in par-
ticular the Share Matching Plan, are freely transferable unless
applicable local laws provide otherwise. Under the rules of the
program, however, in order to receive one matching share free
of charge for each three shares purchased, participants are re-
quired to hold the shares purchased by them for a vesting period
of several years, during which the participants have to be contin-
uously employed by Siemens AG or another Siemens company.
The right to receive matching shares is forfeited if the purchased
shares are sold, transferred, hedged on, pledged or hypothecated
in any way during the vesting period.

The von Siemens-Vermégensverwaltung GmbH (vSV) has, on a
sustained basis, powers of attorney allowing it to exercise the
voting rights for 9,862,275 shares (as of September 30, 2019) on
behalf of members of the Siemens family. These shares are part
of the total number of shares held by the family’s members. The
powers of attorney are based on an agreement between the vSV
and, among others, members of the Siemens family. The shares
are voted together by vSV, taking into account the proposals of a
family partnership established by the family’s members or of one
of this partnership's governing bodies.

A.11.3 Legislation and provisions of
the Articles of Association applicable
to the appointment and removal

of members of the Managing Board
and governing amendment to the
Articles of Association

The appointment and removal of members of the Managing
Board is subject to the provisions of Sections 84 and 85 of the
German Stock Corporation Act and Section 31 of the German Co-
determination Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz). According to Sec-
tion 8 para. 1 of the Articles of Association, the Managing Board
is comprised of several members, the number of which is deter-
mined by the Supervisory Board.

According to Section 179 of the German Stock Corporation Act,
any amendment to the Articles of Association requires a resolu-
tion of the Shareholders’ Meeting. The authority to adopt purely
formal amendments to the Articles of Association was trans-
ferred to the Supervisory Board under Section 13 para. 2 of the
Articles of Association. In addition, by resolutions of the Share-
holders’ Meetings, the Supervisory Board has been authorized to
amend Section 4 of the Articles of Association in accordance with
the utilization of the Authorized and Conditional Capitals, and
after expiration of the then-applicable authorization and utiliza-
tion period.

Resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meeting require a simple major-
ity vote, unless a greater majority is required by law. Pursuant to
Section 179 para. 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act, amend-
ments to the Articles of Association require a majority of at least
three-quarters of the capital stock represented at the time of the
casting of the votes, unless another capital majority is prescribed
by the Articles of Association.

A.11.4 Powers of the Managing Board
to issue and repurchase shares

The Managing Board is authorized to increase, with the approval
of the Supervisory Board, the capital stock until January 25, 2021
by up to €90 million through the issuance of up to 30 million
registered shares of no par value against contributions in cash
(Authorized Capital 2016). Subscription rights of existing share-
holders are excluded. The new shares shall be issued under the
condition that they are offered exclusively to employees of
Siemens AG and any of its affiliated companies. To the extent
permitted by law, employee shares may also be issued in such a
manner that the contribution to be paid on such shares is covered
by that part of the annual net income which the Managing Board

Combined Management Report

71


--- Page 71 ---

72

and the Supervisory Board may allocate to other retained earnings
under Section 58 para. 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act.

Furthermore, the Managing Board is authorized to increase, with
the approval of the Supervisory Board, the capital stock until Jan-
uary 29, 2024 by up to €510 million through the issuance of up
to 170 million registered shares of no par value against cash con-
tributions and/or contributions in kind (Authorized Capital 2019).

As of September 30, 2019, the total unissued authorized capital
of Siemens AG therefore consisted of €600 million nominal that
may be used, in installments with varying terms, by issuance of
up to 200 million registered shares of no par value.

By resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meetings on January 27, 2015
and January 30, 2019, the Managing Board is authorized to issue
bonds with conversion, exchange or option rights or with war-
rants attached, or a combination of these instruments, each en-
titling the holders to subscribe to up to 80 million registered
shares of Siemens AG of no par value. Based on these two autho-
rizations, the Company or consolidated subsidiaries of the Com-
pany may issue bonds until January 26, 2020 and January 29,
2024, respectively, each in an aggregate principal amount of up
to €15 billion. In order to grant shares of stock to holders/credi-
tors of such convertible bonds or warrant bonds, the capital stock
was conditionally increased by resolutions of the Shareholders’
Meetings 2015 and 2019, each by up to 80 million registered
shares of no par value (Conditional Capitals 2015 and 2019), i.e.
in total by up to €480 million through the issuance of up to
160 million registered shares of no par value.

The new shares under Authorized Capital 2019 and the aforemen-
tioned bonds are to be issued against cash or non-cash contribu-
tions. They are, as a matter of principle, to be offered to share-
holders for subscription. The Managing Board is authorized to
exclude, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, subscription
rights of shareholders in the event of capital increases against
contributions in kind. In the event of capital increases against
contributions in cash, the Managing Board is authorized to ex-
clude shareholders’ subscription rights with the approval of the
Supervisory Board in the following cases:

> The issue price of the new shares/bonds is not significantly
lower than the stock market price of the Siemens shares al-
ready listed or the theoretical market price of the bonds com-
puted in accordance with generally accepted actuarial meth-
ods (exclusion of subscription rights, limited to 10% of the
capital stock, in accordance with or by mutatis mutandis ap-
plication of Section 186 para. 3 sentence 4 German Stock Cor-
poration Act).

> The exclusion is necessary with regard to fractional amounts
resulting from the subscription ratio.

Combined Management Report

> The exclusion is used to grant holders of conversion or option
rights or conversion or option obligations on Siemens shares
a compensation for the effects of dilution.

The new shares issued or to be issued in exchange for contribu-
tions in cash and in kind and with shareholders’ subscription
rights excluded, may in certain cases be subject to further restric-
tions. The details of those restrictions are described in the rele-
vant authorization. In addition, the Managing Board has issued
the commitment not to increase the capital stock from the
Authorized Capital 2019 and the Conditional Capital 2019 by a
total of more than 10% of the capital stock existing at the time of
the Shareholders’ Meeting on January 30, 2019, to the extent
that capital increases with shareholders’ subscription rights ex-
cluded are made from the Authorized Capital 2019 against con-
tributions in cash or in kind or to service convertible bonds and/
or warrant bonds issued under the authorization approved on
January 30, 2019 with shareholders’ subscription rights excluded.
This commitment ends no later than January 29, 2024.

The Company may not repurchase its own shares unless so au-
thorized by a resolution duly adopted by the shareholders at a
general meeting or in other very limited circumstances set forth
in the German Stock Corporation Act. On January 27, 2015, the
Shareholders’ Meeting authorized the Company to acquire until
January 26, 2020 up to 10% of its capital stock existing at the
date of adopting the resolution or — if this value is lower — as of
the date on which the authorization is exercised. The aggregate
of shares of stock of Siemens AG repurchased under this autho-
rization and any other Siemens shares previously acquired and
still held in treasury by the Company or attributable to the Com-
pany pursuant to Sections 71d and 71e of the German Stock Cor-
poration Act may at no time exceed 10% of the then existing
capital stock. Any repurchase of Siemens shares shall be accom-
plished at the discretion of the Managing Board either (1) by ac-
quisition over the stock exchange or (2) through a public share
repurchase offer. The Managing Board is additionally authorized
to complete the repurchase of Siemens shares in accordance
with the authorization described above by using certain deriva-
tives (put and call options, forward purchases and any combina-
tion of these derivatives). In exercising this authorization, all
stock repurchases based on the derivatives are limited to a max-
imum volume of 5% of Siemens’ capital stock existing at the date
of adopting the resolution at the Shareholders’ Meeting. A deriv-
ative’s term of maturity may not, in any case, exceed 18 months
and must be chosen in such a way that the repurchase of Siemens
shares upon exercise of the derivative will take place no later
than January 26, 2020.


--- Page 72 ---

In addition to selling them over the stock exchange or through a
public sales offer to all shareholders, the Managing Board is autho-
rized by resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting on January 27,2015
to also use Siemens shares repurchased on the basis of this or any
previously given authorization for every permissible purpose, in
particular as follows: Such Siemens shares may be

> retired

> used in connection with share-based compensation programs
and/or employee share programs of the Company or any of its
affiliated companies and issued to individuals currently or for-
merly employed by the Company or any of its affiliated com-
panies as well as to board members of any of the Company’s
affiliated companies

> offered and transferred, with the approval of the Supervisory
Board, to third parties against non-cash contributions

> sold, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to third parties
against payment in cash if the price at which such Siemens
shares are sold is not significantly lower than the market price
of Siemens stock (exclusion of subscription rights, limited to
10% of the capital stock, by mutatis mutandis application of Sec-
tion 186 para. 3 sentence 4 German Stock Corporation Act) or

> used to service or secure obligations or rights to acquire
Siemens shares arising particularly from or in connection with
convertible bonds or warrant bonds issued by the Company or
any of its consolidated subsidiaries (exclusion of subscription
rights, limited to 10% of the capital stock, by mutatis mutandis
application of Section 186 para. 3 sentence 4 German Stock
Corporation Act).

Furthermore, the Supervisory Board is authorized to use shares
acquired on the basis of this or any previously given authoriza-
tion to meet obligations or rights to acquire Siemens shares that
were or will be agreed with members of the Managing Board
within the framework of rules governing Managing Board com-
pensation.

In November 2018, the Company announced that it would carry
out a share buyback of up to €3 billion in volume until Novem-
ber 15, 2021 at the latest. The buyback commenced on Decem-
ber 3, 2018 using the authorizations given by the Annual Share-
holders’ Meeting on January 27, 2015. Under this share buyback
Siemens repurchased 10,189,078 shares by September 30, 2019.
The total consideration paid for these shares amounted to about
€982 million (excluding incidental transaction charges). The buy-
back has the exclusive purposes of retirement, of issuing shares
to employees, board members of affiliated companies and mem-
bers of the Managing Board of Siemens AG, and of servicing/se-
curing the obligations or rights to acquire Siemens shares arising
particularly from or in connection with convertible bonds and
warrant bonds. As of September 30, 2019, the Company held
37,232,048 shares of stock in treasury.

For details on the authorizations referred to above, especially
with the restrictions to exclude subscription rights and the
terms to include shares when calculating such restrictions,
please refer to the relevant resolution and to Section 4 of the
Articles of Association.

A.11.5 Significant agreements which
take effect, alter or terminate upon
a change of control of the Company
following a takeover bid

As of September 30, 2019, Siemens AG maintained a line of credit
in an amount of €7 billion, which provides its lenders with a right
of termination in the event that (1) Siemens AG becomes a sub-
sidiary of another company or (2) a person or a group of persons
acting in concert acquires effective control over Siemens AG by
being able to exercise decisive influence over its activities
(Art. 3(2) of Council Regulation (EC) 139/2004).

In addition, in March 2013 and in June 2019 respectively, a con-
solidated subsidiary as borrower and Siemens AG as guarantor
entered into a bilateral loan agreement, each of which has been
drawn in the full amount of US$500 million. Each agreement
provides its respective lender with a right of termination in the
event that (1) Siemens AG becomes a subsidiary of another com-
pany or (2) a person or a group of persons acting in concert ac-
quires effective control over Siemens AG by being able to exer-
cise decisive influence over its activities (Art.3(2) of Council
Regulation (EC) 139/2004).

Framework agreements concluded by Siemens AG under Interna-
tional Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. documentation
(ISDA Agreements) grant each counterparty a right of termina-
tion, including in certain cases of (i) a transformation (for exam-
ple mergers and changes of form), (ii) an asset transfer or (iii)
acquisition of ownership interests that enables the acquirer to
exercise control over Siemens AG or its controlling bodies. Par-
tially this right of termination exists only, if (1) the resulting entity
fails to simultaneously assume Siemens AG's obligations under
the ISDA Agreements or (2) the resulting entity’s creditworthi-
ness is materially weaker than Siemens AG's immediately prior to
such event. Generally, ISDA Agreements are designed such that
upon termination all outstanding payment claims documented
under them are to be netted.

Combined Management Report

73


--- Page 73 ---

74

A.11.6 Compensation agreements
with members of the Managing
Board or employees in the event
of a takeover bid

As of September 30, 2019, the contracts with the members of the
Managing Board contained the right of the member to terminate
his or her contract with the Company for good cause in the event
of a change of control that results in a substantial change in the
position of a Managing Board member (for example, due to a
change in corporate strategy or a change in the Managing Board
member's duties and responsibilities). A change of control exists
if one or several shareholders acting jointly or in concert acquire
a majority of the voting rights in Siemens AG and exercise a con-
trolling influence, or if Siemens AG becomes a dependent enter-
prise as a result of entering into an intercompany agreement
within the meaning of Section 291 of the German Stock Corpora-
tion Act, or if Siemens AG is to be merged into an existing corpo-
ration or other entity. If this right of termination is exercised, the
Managing Board member is entitled to a severance payment in
the amount of no more than two years’ compensation. The cal-
culation of the annual compensation includes not only the base
compensation and the target amount for the bonus, but also the
target amount for the stock awards, in each case based on the
most recent completed fiscal year prior to termination of the con-
tract. The stock-based compensation components for which a
firm commitment already exists will remain unaffected. Addition-
ally, the severance payments cover non-monetary benefits by
including an amount of 5% of the total severance amount. Sev-
erance payments will be reduced by 10% as a lump-sum allow-
ance for discounted values and for income earned elsewhere.
However, this reduction will apply only to the portion of the sev-
erance payment that was calculated without taking account of
the first six months of the remaining term of the Managing Board
member's contract. There is no entitlement to a severance pay-
ment if the Managing Board member receives benefits from third
parties in connection with a change of control. A right to termi-
nate the contract does not exist if the change of control occurs
within a period of twelve months prior to a Managing Board
member's retirement. On September 18, 2019, the Supervisory
Board of Siemens AG resolved that the contracts with members
of the Managing Board shall not contain such right of termina-
tion in the future.

Combined Management Report

A.11.7 Other takeover-relevant
information

We are not aware of, nor have we during the last fiscal year been
notified of, any shareholder directly or indirectly holding 10%
or more of the voting rights. There are no shares with special
rights conferring powers of control. Shares of stock issued by
Siemens AG to employees under its employee share program
and/or as share-based compensation are transferred to the em-
ployees. The beneficiary employees who hold shares of employee
stock may exercise their control rights in the same way as any
other shareholder in accordance with applicable laws and the
Articles of Association.
