

--- Page 1 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Axel Springer Group

Segments
Classifieds News
Media Media
—Stepstone —National
-AVIV — International
— Other

Business model

Measured by revenues in the digital classifieds and
measured by the number of digital subscriptions, Axel
Springer is a leading media and technology company
focusing on digital classifieds and journalism. 73.3 % of
revenues are generated through digital activities. Based
on revenues, Axel Springer operates one of the world's
largest portfolios of digital classified. From an economic
point of view, these offers are the most important pillar in
the Group, particularly those activities related to job and
real estate listings. In addition, the offers in the News
Media segment include a broad portfolio of successful
brands such as the BILD and WELT Group in Germany
or Insider Inc. in the USA. In the business year 2019

the Marketing Media segment comprised all business
models that generate revenues predominantly through
reach-based or performance-based forms of advertising.

13

Marketing
Media

—Reach Based
Marketing

— Performance
Marketing

Services/
Holding

Legal structure, locations

Axel Springer SE, as the holding company of the Axel
Springer Group, is a listed stock corporation with its
registered head office in Berlin. The Group also maintains
Offices at other locations in Germany. In addition,

the Group comprises numerous companies in other
countries. The consolidated shareholdings of the Group
are listed in note (40) in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements.

Segments of the Axel Springer Group

Axel Springer’s business activities are bundled in three
operating segments: Classifieds Media, News Media and
Marketing Media. In addition, there is the Services/-
Holding segment. For the description of the segments
below, as well as the disclosure of the financial key
figures, the segment allocation of the individual
companies used in the 2019 financial year is decisive.


--- Page 2 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Already from the first half of 2019, reporting was reor-
ganized in the Classifieds Media segment. In addition to
the renaming of the Jobs subsegment in StepStone, we
are essentially pooling all other digital classified trans-
actions under the name of AVIV. These include the real
estate sector and the companies Car&Boat Media and
Yad2, which were formerly in the General/Other sub-
segment. With this adjustment, we followed the new
operational and organizational structure for these online
classifieds. The third subsegment Other includes the
business of the @Leisure Group, whose sale was com-
pleted at the beginning of June 2019. As a result, Other
only includes the development from January 2019 until
the sale was closed. The prior-year figures for the sub-
segments AVIV and Other were adjusted accordingly.

In addition, the reporting system in all four segments will
be adjusted at the beginning of the 2020 financial year in
order to reflect the changes in internal management also
in the reporting structure. This particularly affects the
News Media, Marketing Media and Services/Holding
segments.

The most important adjustments include the allocation of
the idealo Group (formerly in the Marketing Media seg-
ment) to the News Media National subsegment and, on
the other hand, the consideration of Bonial, eprofessional
and finanzen.net (previously each Marketing Media) in
the News Media International supsegment. The Awin
Group thus remains in the Marketing Media segment, in
which there is no longer any differentiation according to
subsegments, as an essential operational unit. In addi-
tion, the three domestic printing plants will be reassigned
to the News Media National subsegment (formerly
Services/Holding). With the exception of the IT area,
which will also be included in the News Media National
subsegment from January 2020, the main holding
functions will continue to be consolidated in the non-
operating Services/Holding segment in the future.

14

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Classifieds Media

The Classifieds Media segment encompasses all
business models that generate their revenues primarily
through advertisers paying for advertising of jobs, real
estate, cars, etc.

Portfolio and market position

Axel Springer has built up one of the world's largest
portfolios of leading online classifieds portals in the last
ten years. The activities of the Classifieds Media segment
are divided into two operational units. The following
graph gives an overview of the main brands in the
Classifieds Media portfolio.

Portfolio
Classifieds Media

StepStone AVIV Other
—StepStone —SeLoger/Logic-Immo —@leisure”
—Totaljobs/ —MeilleursAgents
Jobsite —Immowelt
=Saongroup ~Immoweb
—Appcast —LaCentrale
-Yad2

Disposal completed in June 27,

StepStone's activities are organized centrally; thus,
creating synergies within the StepStone Group.
Examples of this are new products and offers that are
made available to all companies in the Group, as well as
the coordination of development projects. At the same
time, with the establishment of the AVIV Group in 2018,
across the individual companies involved, we created the
structures to pursue a long-term strategy for the devel-
opment from portals that focus purely on advertisements
to transaction-based marketplaces that additionally offer
upstream and downstream services. In the implementa-
tion, this includes the joint development of new products
as well as the improvement of efficiencies by e. g. the
interchange of the existing technical components or
algorithms.


--- Page 3 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

StepStone, including its subsidiaries, is the leading
company among the private-sector job boards in
Germany, Ireland, Belgium and South Africa and holds
very attractive market positions in other countries such
as the UK or Austria. With its portals, which specialize in
expert and executive personnel, according to the market
research institute Kantar TNS, StepStone delivers little
under just two times more applications per ad than its
nearest competitor in Germany for example. In the UK,
the alliance of Totaljobs and Jobsite, which alongside the
general main brands, also include among others the
specialist portals Caterer.com, CWJobs.co.uk,
CityJobs.com and eMedcareers.com, delivers roughly
the same number of applications per advertisement as
the largest competitor and is therefore significantly ahead
of the other competitors.

The AVIV Group is the leading provider of real estate
portals with SeLoger, Logic-Immo and MeilleursAgents in
France and with Immoweb in Belgium. After a general
market consolidation in 2017 and 2018, in the course of
which SeLoger completed the acquisition of Logic-Immo
in early 2018, SeLoger and Logic-Immo were able to
confirm their joint leadership position in the area of
specialized real estate classifieds. This market position
results from the non-overlapping number of real estate
listings by professional agents (based on analysis from
Autobiz, a specialist in data analysis). The merger of
Logic-Immo and SeLoger was pushed ahead strongly in
2019. Since June 2019, SeLoger and Logic-Immo are
offering a DUO offer, which enables agents to place their
properties on both portals. This contract option will be
gradually offered to all customers. The SeLoger’s and
Logic-Immo’s portfolio also includes some highly special-
ized niche portals suchas belles-demeures.com for
luxury real estate and the sister offer lux-residence.com
from Logic-lmmo, which is marketed together with
belles-demeures.com. Since September 2019,
MeilleursAgents, the own-declared leading provider of
online property valuation in France, has also been part of
the portfolio (see page 26). In Belgium, Immoweb is the
leading real estate portal in terms of its reach and intensi-
ty of use (according to Centre d'information sur les me-
dias). AVIV also includes the German Immowelt Group,
which was created from the merger of Immowelt and

15

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Immonet and, measured by revenues, is the clear num-
ber two of the German real estate portals. After the mi-
gration of customers to the DUO offer in 2018, which
enables agents to place their properties on both portals,
similar to France, in the same year and in the course of
2019, in a further step, we increasingly focused our
marketing on customers with higher listing volumes.
Car&Boat Media, based in Paris, also belongs to the
AVIV Group. With LaCentrale, according to internal anal-
yses, the company operates one of the leading specialist
classified portals for used cars in France in terms of the
number of listings, as well as other portals related to cars
and boats. The YAD2 group, which also belongs to AVIV,
is - when measured by reach - the leading general clas-
sified portal in Israel for real estate, car and classified ads
as well as a job market (Drushim) that is well established
in the market.

The third subsegment Other comprises exclusively the
@Leisure Group, a provider of online intermediation for
holiday homes. In May 2019, Axel Springer announced a
sales agreement for its majority stake (51 %) with OYO
Hotels & Homes. The transaction was completed at the
beginning of June 2019 (see page 27).

Business model and key factors

The offerings in the Classifieds Media segment mainly
generate revenues from the sale of classified ads.
Companies pay a certain price per ad for placing job ads,
estate agents for advertising real estate, or car dealer-
ships for publishing car ads. In addition, revenues are
generated through the supply of qualified contacts or
prospects (lead generation), marketing of online advertis-
ing spaces and cooperation arrangements as well as
through the provision of software functionalities for
customers. Long-term growth drivers are, among others,
the continuing shift of classified ads to the Internet, the
acquisition of new customers, and the extension of the
product offer beyond the pure listing business, e.g.

in the field of lead generation. Price measures also
contribute to revenue growth. Moreover, business devel-
opments are significantly determined by the economic
environment in the respective market segments, the
market position in the respective segment, and online
usage behavior of advertisers and seekers.


--- Page 4 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

In the StepStone subsegment, ads are sold to job
providers, as well as access to the online CV databases
of the respective portals, where the employers can
actively search for suitable candidates. With the acquisi-
tion of Appcast, StepStone is expanding its portfolio in
the area of programmatic job ads (see page 27). At AVIV,
the specialized real estate portals generate their reve-
nues primarily from the sale of advertising and display
space to agents, project developers, housing associa-
tions or private individuals. At Car&Boat Media and Yad2,
the revenues are oriented upon the customer focus of
the respective portal. These include, among others,
commercial automobile retailers, real estate agents and
project developers. The portals are also partially aimed at
private individuals who predominantly sell second-hand
goods via this marketplace.

News Media

The News Media segment includes mostly business
models that are based on content creation and funded
by paying readers and/or advertisers.

Portfolio and market position

The News Media segment is divided into national and
international offerings. The main activities in the News
Media segment in the reporting period are illustrated in
the following chart.

16

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Portfolio
News Media
National International
=BILD-Group ~Ringier Axel Springer Media
—WELT-Group ——_— Insider Inc.
~eMarketer
_upday
—Politico

The digital portfolio in the News Media National
subsegment mainly comprises BILD.de and WELT.de
including affiliated online portals such as Stylebook and
Grunderszene, as well as the digital appearances of the
magazines (among others Autobild.de). A TV news.
channel also belongs to the WELT group.

According to the German Association of Online Research
(agof - Arbeitsgemeinschaft Online Forschung), in terms
of reach BILD.de is one of the leading news and enter-
tainment portals in Germany and reached an average

of 5.6 million unique users per day and 25.6 million
unique users per month in December 2019. BILD.de is
represented on all digital devices with its offerings and is
available via its apps for almost all smartphones, tablet
PCs and smart TVs as well as for voice-based products
on new mobile assistants. The digital offers of the BILD
Group also include other theme-specific portals such as
fitoook.de, stylebook.de, techbook.de and travelbook.de.

According to agof, with 20.8 million unique users per
month in the segment of German quality media, the
digital products of WELT are among the most successful
offers on the Internet. The offer is also available on tablet
PCs, smartphones and e-readers as well as a digital
subscription. According to AGF Video Research

(AGF Videoforschung), WELT Television again achieved
a market share of 1.3% in the advertising-relevant
audience group of 14 to 49-year-olds in 2019, thus once
again asserting its leading position among the private
news and information offerings.


--- Page 5 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

The readiness to pay for digital journalism is increasing.
With BILDplus and WELThplus, the digital paid content
offerings from Axel Springer reached approximately
568,000 subscribers in December 2019 (in Decem-

ber 2018 around 512,000 subscribers). According to the
study “2019 Global Digital Subscription Snapshot” by
FIPP and CeleraOne, BlLDplus is also the largest journal-
istic paid content offering in Continental Europe and also
one of the most popular offerings in this area on a global
scale.

The print portfolio in the News Media National
segment includes the newspapers of the family brands
BILD and WELT as well as our magazines.

BILD is Europe's largest and, in terms of reach, greatest
daily newspaper. According to internal analyses, with

a share of 79.7 % of newsstand papers in the fourth
quarter of 2019, it is by far the number one in Germany
(all figures for German newspapers and magazines
measured in terms of the number of copies sold
according to the German Audit Bureau of Circulation
(IVWW - Informationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der
Verbreitung von Werbetragern) as of December

31, 2019). BILD am SONNTAG was Germany's best-
selling national Sunday newspaper in 2019 with a market
share of 52.7 %. The automotive, computer and sports
media of the BILD brand family form a magazine portfolio
around the core brands AUTO BILD, COMPUTER BILD
and SPORT BILD.

In terms of circulation, WELT AM SONNTAG is the
clear number one national quality Sunday newspapers.
DIE WELT is the third-biggest quality daily newspaper in
Germany (including WELT KOMPAKT and measured by
paid circulation).

The subsegment News Media International comprises
the international digital and print media offers.

In Eastern Europe, Axel Springer is active with Ringier
Axel Springer Media in the markets of Poland, Hungary,
Serbia, Slovakia and, since 2017, also in the Baltic
States. The portfolio includes leading digital and print
offerings. With the brands of Ringier Axel Springer

17

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Poland, we reach around 76.0% of the country's
Internet users, making us one of the leading digital
providers, according to Gemius, a specialist in data
analysis. In Hungary, with profession.hu the leading job
portal in terms of reach according to SimilarWeb belongs
to the portfolio. Print offers include the largest Polish
newspaper FAKT (Polish Association of Press
Distribution Control, ZKDP), the leading tabloid BLIKK in
Hungary, as well as other newspapers and magazines.

In the USA, Axel Springer is represented by Business
Insider with one of the leading digital offers for business
and financial news in terms of reach. In order to accom-
modate the growing and diverse brand group, the
umbrella brand Insider Inc. was founded. Its portfolio
includes Business Insider, Markets Insider, BI Intelligence
and INSIDER, which together reach about 250 million
readers and viewers worldwide. In cooperation with
finanzen.net, Business Insider also runs the US-based
portal Markets Insider, which provides information on
stock exchange and financial issues in particular. Insider
Inc. has also added digital B2C subscription offering BI
Prime to its fee-based business customer product Bl
Intelligence.

eMarketer complements the portfolio of innovative paid
digital offerings in English-speaking countries and
strengthens Axel Springer's position in business news
and information. Based in New York, the company is
according to its own information a leading provider of
analytics, studies and digital market data to companies
and institutions. Insider Inc. and eMarketer were merged
on January 1, 2020 under the management of the CEO
of Insider Inc.

The mobile news aggregator upday, developed in part-
nership with Samsung and initially launched in four coun-
tries, is represented in 16 European countries since

April 2017. Since then, upday, according to its own
statement, has become the largest mobile news offering
in Europe. The news service is preinstalled on most
Samsung smartphones and on numerous other Sam-
sung devices. According to its own information, upday
aggregates content from more than 4,500 different
sources. In addition to “Top News”, selected and sum-


--- Page 6 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

marized by journalists, news is displayed by algorithm
that reflect the individual interests of the users in the
section of “My News”.

The Europe joint venture with POLITICO in Brussels
continued on its growth path in 2019. According to a
study (ComRes/Burson-Marsteller, June 2018),
POLITICO was voted the most influential publication
on European affairs.

Business model and key factors

Revenues in the News Media segment mainly

comprise advertising and circulation revenues. Advertis-
ing revenues are generated by marketing the reach of
our online and print media. The circulation revenues
come from the sale of classic print products and digital
subscriptions. The value chain is, however, cross media
oriented. It encompasses all the essential processes for
the creation of information, entertainment and moving
image content, ranging from conception, editorial work
and production to sales and marketing. All journalistic
content is collected in integrated newsrooms, some of
which are used for more than one publication, and pro-
cessed there in accordance with the demands of our
print and online media.

The marketing of News Media offers in Germany is
mainly carried out centrally via Media Impact, according
to Nielsen Media Research, one of the leading cross
media marketeers (measured by gross market shares).
The digital marketing portfolio also includes content
produced by external companies. The cross-media
approach to marketing enables optimal use of synergies,
competencies and reach.

The print business continues to face the challenge of
falling print circulations. For advertisers, in addition to the
circulation development, the reach is particularly im-
portant. In particular, BILD continues to benefit from the
fact that, with 8.6 million daily readers, it has by far the
largest reach among daily newspapers in Germany.

18

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

We produce our newspapers, among others, in the three
offset printing plants in Ahrensburg (near Hamburg),
Essen-Kettwig and Berlin-Spandau. We therefore carry
out all crucial steps in the value chain ourselves, from
production to monitoring dispatch logistics. The print
media are distributed nationally and internationally above
all by press wholesale companies, station book trade
and press import companies.

In the digital business, industry’s circulation revenues are
still much smaller than in the print business, but are
recording strong growth. According to a PwC study
(German Entertainment & Media Outlook 2019-2023),
advertising revenues in the digital business are still very
competitive due to the reach-based market power of
Facebook, Google and increasingly Amazon. A key driver
of this development is the shift in user behavior from
desktop to mobile. However, we see the secure brand
environment that publishers can guarantee by editing
content as a great opportunity. Due to often viral
distribution of fake news, digital platforms came under
increasing criticism to expose brands of advertising
customers to a reputation-damaging environment.

The production process of digital offerings in the News
Media segment involve the journalistic preparation of
content with subsequent provision on websites or other
digital resources such as smartphones, tablets or smart
TVs, or the processing and aggregation of information in
databases. Distribution of digital products takes place
predominantly via our own webpages or download
platforms such as the app stores of Apple and Google.

Cross-media, this segment is influenced by the political
situation in the relevant markets, as well as the economic
environment and performance of advertising markets, in
particular. In addition to the general market cycle,
seasonal aspects and one-off effects such as special
editions play a role.


--- Page 7 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Marketing Media

In the Marketing Media segment, all business models
are summarized, whose revenues are generated
predominantly by advertisers in reach-based or
performance-based marketing.

Portfolio and market position

In the business year 2019, the Marketing Media segment
was divided into reach-based and performance-based
offers. The principal activities are summarized in the
graph below.

Portfolio
Marketing Media

Reach Based __ Performance
Marketing Marketing
~idealo -Awin

—Bonial

—finanzen.net

Ln! Apri 2018, aufominin was included in the Reach Based Marketing eubsogment

Reach Based Marketing includes idealo.de, according
to SimilarWeb Germany’s leading and in terms of reach
strongest portal for product search and price compari-
sons. The idealo group is also represented internationally
with numerous offers. The product comparison portal
ladenzeile.de is also part of the Group.

kaufDA.de and MeinProspekt.de operate under

the umbrella of the Bonial Holding Group as Germany's
leading consumer information portals regarding local
shopping, according to their own information. The
Offerings distribute digitized advertising retail leaflets at a
regional level and predominantly via mobile Internet. The
services are also offered under a local brand in France.

19

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

finanzen.net, according to agof one of the strongest
financial portals in Germany in terms of reach, offers its
users data on the latest developments in the financial
markets on a daily basis. As part of its internationalization
strategy, the portal is, among others, also represented
with an offer in Switzerland, the US, Austria, and Russia.
In addition, finanzen.net operates the Markets Insider
portal in cooperation with Insider Inc., which primarily
provides information on stock exchange and financial
issues.

The Performance Marketing activities are bundled
within the Awin Group. According to its own statement,
the leading provider for Affiliate-Marketing in Europe,
brings together advertising companies and publishers
and thus enables its advertisers to efficiently market their
products and services over the Internet.

Business model and key factors

In Reach Based Marketing, advertising space is
marketed to advertising customers and charged based
on the reach generated by the given media offerings
(number of visits, users or listeners) or the interaction
generated by the reach. Attractive content generates
high reach values and topic-specific environments
enable advertisers to precisely reach the desired target
groups.

Besides display ads like banners, layer ads, and wall-
paper, videos are also increasingly being used as online
advertising formats. In addition, marketing collaborations
and innovative forms of advertising such as native
advertising, sponsoring and marketing via social media
channels are used. Due to the increased automatic
purchase and sale of advertising space (programmatic
advertising) and the progressive spread of mobile
devices, the forms of reach-based marketing are
constantly changing.

Through Performance Marketing, advertisers can
advertise their products and offers on publishers’
websites using advertising materials such as text links,
banner ads or online videos. The advertisers only pay a
performance fee to the publishers if the advertising
materials have actually been used and resulted in the


--- Page 8 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

desired transaction for the advertising customers. Our
platforms provide the infrastructure for this efficient form
of marketing, record data traffic and transactions in
compliance with the GDPR and enable a variety of
services for advertisers and publishers.

Services/Holding

Group services, which in the business year 2019 also
included the three domestic printing plants, as well as
holding functions are reported in the Services/Holding
segment. Group services are purchased by in-house

customers at standard market prices.

Management and control

Executive Board divisions

The Executive Board of Axel Springer SE consists of five
members. In October 2019, the company announced
that Dr. Andreas Wiele will resign from the Executive
Board at the end of May 31, 2020. As a result of his
resignation, the Executive Board will be reduced in size
and henceforth consist of four members. The Executive
Board is advised and supervised by a Supervisory Board
composed of nine members.

Executive Board Divisions

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. Mathias Dépfner

Chief Financial Officer
Dr. Julian Deutz

News Media International
Jan Bayer

Executive Board
Divisions

News Media National & Technology
Dr. Stephanie Caspar

Classifieds Media
Dr. Andreas Wiele

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Executive Board responsibilities are divided as follows:

Dr. Mathias Dépfner is Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Axel Springer SE. All editors-in-chief and the
corporate staff divisions of Corporate Communications,
Sustainability, Public Affairs, Strategy, Executive
Personnel as well as the Axel Springer Academy report
to him.

Dr. Julian Deutz is responsible for the Finance and
Personnel Executive Board division. In addition to the
commercial departments, his division includes, among
others, People & Culture, Legal and Compliance, Group
Procurement, Group Security and Corporate Audit &
Risk Management. By June 1, 2020 at the latest, Dr.
Julian Deutz will also be responsible for the Awin Group
taking over the area of responsibility from Dr. Andreas
Wiele.

Jan Bayer, as President of News Media International, is
responsible for the Group's activities in the US (especially
Insider Inc., eMarketer, Group Nine Media), Eastern
Europe, Switzerland, as well as for the media brands in
France, Spain, for the joint venture with POLITICO as
well as for upday and WELT TV. His board division

also includes finanzen.net and Bonial. By June 1, 2020,
at the latest, Jan Bayer will also be responsible for
StepStone taking over the responsibility from

Dr. Andreas Wiele.

Dr. Stephanie Caspar, as President of News Media
National & Technology, is responsible for the media
brands of Axel Springer in Germany including marketing
(Media Impact), sales (Sales Impact) and for the printing
plants, as well as for idealo. In addition, she is respon-
sible for the overall technology and data strategy of the
Group. By June 1, 2020, at the latest, Dr. Stephanie
Caspar will also take over the responsibility for the AVIV
Group from the Classifieds Media division.

Dr. Andreas Wiele, as President Classifieds Media, is
responsible for the classifieds and performance-based
marketing offers until May 31, 2020, including the
associated share holdings.


--- Page 9 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Corporate governance principles

Axel Springer’s corporate governance principles are
aligned with our core values of creativity, entrepreneur-
ship, and integrity. In 2019, sustainability and empathy
were also included in the set of values. There are also
five principles, the “essentials”, which are laid down in a
separate Axel Springer corporate constitution. For
more information on our internal rules, see the chapter
“Important management practices” in the declaration of
corporate governance law pursuant to Section 289f HGB
(Commercial Law) on page 79 of this Annual Report.

Basic principles of the compensation system

The compensation of our employees, all the way up to
senior management level, consists of a fixed and, for
qualifying employees, an additional variable component.
Axel Springer uses variable compensation on the basis
of performance and success-orientated target agree-
ments. In addition to the Group targets, individual area
targets also become important. With regard to the Group
targets for 2019, the variable compensation is essentially
based on the Group's revenues and adjusted EBIT. A
presentation of the remuneration of the Executive Board
can be found in the chapter “Corporate Governance”
under “Compensation Report” (from page 88). There we
also provide information about the compensation of our
Supervisory Board members (from page 91).

Goals and strategies

Axel Springer's goal is to become the global market
leader in digital journalism and digital classifieds, after
we have already met this requirement in Europe based
on various indicators such as reach, revenue or profit.
Strategic priorities lie particularly in the area of Classifieds
Media and News Media. When implementing the
strategy and increasing the value of the company,
growth should be pursued more strongly than in

recent years.

21

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Segment strategies

In the Classifieds Media segment, Axel Springer
intends to further expand its position as a leading inter-
national provider of digital classified portals. In addition to
organic development, additional acquisitions should
contribute to growth, depending on acquisition oppor-
tunities. Synergies within the group are used consistently.

In addition, early-stage activities were launched in the
Classifieds Media segment and selected minority interests
were acquired (see page 27), in order to identify innovative
business models and providers at an early stage.

In the News Media segment, Axel Springer intends

to exploit the potential of the strong BILD and WELT
national brands in digital and print as well as the
potential of international brands, such as e.g. Business
Insider.

The Axel Springer publishing division is organized across
brands according to print and digital. However, the
editors work together brand-linked and cross-medially. In
this way, the very different requirements in the publishing
area of the print and digital business should be taken into
account. The print area is about limiting the circulation
decline and aligning our products even more consistently
with the readers in order to consolidate the strong posi-
tion of our titles. The digital sector, on the other hand,
requires greater investments across the brands in tech-
nological innovations. With the digital brand subscrip-
tions BILDplus and WELTplus, the basis of paying read-
ers on the Internet is established and expanded.
Business Insider also offers a subscription model in the
digital sector with BI Prime. Another focus is the expan-
sion of the video content in the digital offers of BILD and
WELT. More investments will be made in the expansion
of this offer in the coming years.


--- Page 10 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Via the central marketer Media Impact, the segment
offers advertisers an attractive, cross-media and
high-reach platform for advertising campaigns.

The strategy in the Marketing Media segment aims to
successfully advance the integration of the activities
bundled in the Awin Group by standardizing the technical
platforms and expanding the services and publisher
network.

Organic and acquisitions-driven growth

The segment-specific organic growth measures focusing
on growing out of the existing portfolio and, among other
things, increasing the income and earnings per user or
reader through attractive product and pricing design or
attracting new users to our offers or offering additional
Offers to our existing users by developing new business
models. The entry of the strategic investor KKR created
the prerequisites for investing even more than before in
the growth potential contained therein. This is comple-
mented by inorganic growth.

In all segments, Axel Springer uses the opportunity to
expand the business model by investing in companies
with innovative business ideas. Investments are also
occasionally made in companies that are still in the early
stages of company development. For this purpose,
direct non-controlling investments are made selectively,
but also indirect investments, for example, through the
start-up accelerator APX founded together with Porsche
or through our participation in the early-stage fund
Project A Ventures.

Above all, however, established companies are acquired
when opportunities arise. We select suitable participa-
tions primarily based on their appropriate strategic
direction, the quality of the management, profitability and
the scalability of the business model.

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Among other things, we assess the profitability of
investments in new or existing business segments using
approved net present value methods that take business
and country specific risks into consideration.

Internal management system

We have aligned our internal management system along
our corporate strategy, defining financial performance
indicators (which are also our performance measures)
and non-financial performance indicators that measure
the success of our strategy.

Detailed monthly reports are an important element of

our internal management and control system. These
reports contain the monthly results of our most important
activities, along with a consolidated statement of financial
position, income statement, and cash flow statement.
We use these reports to compare actual values with
budget values. When variances arise, we investigate
further or initiate suitable corrective measures.

These reports are supplemented by regular forecasts of
expected advertising revenues over the coming weeks
and months, as well as forecasts of the likely develop-
ment of financial performance.

Financial performance indicators

Our central focus is to sustainably increase both the
profitability and the value of our company. In terms of
profitability, revenues, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted
EBIT are the most important target and performance
indicators. At the same time, the adjusted EBITDA and
the adjusted EBIT are the basis for the performance-
related compensation of the Executive Board and the
executives (more about our compensation system

can be found starting on page 88). These performance
indicators and the adjusted EBITDA and EBIT margin are
anchored in our internal planning and control system.


--- Page 11 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Financial Control Parameters

Selected financial control
parameters on the Group level,

€ millions 2019 2018
Revenues: 3,112.1 3,180.7
EBITDA, adjusted” 630.6 737.9
EBITDA margin, adjusted!” 20.3 % 23.2%
EBIT, adjusted") 414.5 527.9
EBIT margin, adjusted” 13.3% 16.6%

+) Explanations with respect to the relevant key performance indicators on page 38.

Non-financial performance indicators

In addition to the financial performance indicators, the
following non-financial performance indicators are rele-
vant for assessing our customer, market and supply-
related performance, even if the entity as a whole is not
controlled by it:

™@ Unique Users / Visitors as well as business model-
related key figures of our online media and the result-

ing market position

@ Reach of our media in the advertising market as well
as key figures on brand and advertising awareness

™@ Average paid circulation of all major newspapers and
magazines sold

@ Digital subscriptions

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group


--- Page 12 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Economic Report

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

General economic conditions and business development

General economic conditions

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) notes in its
outlook published in January 2020 a slowdown in the
global economy. In 2019, growth is likely to have been
only 2.9 % in real terms, after having registered an in-
crease of 3.6 % in real terms in 2018. A loosening of
monetary and fiscal policy gave the industrialized
countries an economic boost again in the fourth quarter.

According to calculations by the Federal Statistical Office,
the German economy grew by 0.6 % in price-adjusted
terms in 2019. Germany is thus in a growth phase that
has been going on for ten years. However, growth has
lost momentum. In 2018, the growth rate was still 1.5%
in real terms. Impulses for growth in 2019 came again
mainly from the domestic market. Private consumption
increased by 1.6 % in real terms and was thus stronger
than in the prior year. Price-adjusted investments in-
creased by 2.5% compared to prior year. Above all, the
strong construction activity had an impact here. On the
other hand, German exports developed less dynamically.
Adjusted for price, the German economy exported 0.9 %
more goods and services than in 2018. To the contrary,
imports increased by 1.9% in real terms.

After months of downward phase, the ifo business
climate index increased again significantly in the last
months of 2019. In particular, business forecasts have
recovered noticeably at the end of the year. According
to GfK surveys, consumer confidence declined in the
second half of 2019. The positive acquisition prospects
of Germans continue to defy the falling economic
expectations of consumers.

According to calculations by the Federal Statistical
Office, consumer prices increased in 2019 compared to
the previous year by 1.4%. The German Federal
Employment Agency counted 2.3 million unemployed on
an annual average in 2019. This was 3.1% less than the
corresponding prior-year figure. The average annual
unemployment rate in 2019 was 5.0%.

24

The British economy owed its return to positive growth
rates in the second half of 2019 largely to exports and
private consumption. On the other hand, capital expen-
ditures continued to decline and the high inventories that
had been built up in the first half of the year as a pre-
caution against a possible hard Brexit declined. British
economic growth was 1.3% in real terms in 2019.

For France, the German Institute for Economic
Research (DIW) calculated price-adjusted economic
growth of 1.3% in real terms in 2019. The inflation rate
was 1.2 % of the average inflation rate in the euro zone.

According to DIW, private consumption is the growth
driver in most countries in Central and Eastern
Europe. The employment situation in the region is good,
while real incomes mostly continue to grow in view of
moderate price developments. However, the economy in
the countries of Central and Eastern Europe is develop-
ing inconsistently. Poland and Hungary saw a strong
upward trend in 2019. In contrast, growth in the Czech
Republic weakened significantly. Overall, the growth rate
in Central and Eastern Europe in 2019 should have been
4.1% adjusted for price.

According to the DIW analysis, one of the main pillars of
growth in the US economy is private consumer demand,
which is supported by solid developments in the labor
market. For 2019, the DIW calculates real economic
growth of 2.3%.

Industry-specific environment

Advertising market

According to the latest advertising market forecast of
ZenithOptimedia (“Advertising Expenditure Forecast”,
December 2019), the advertising market in Germany in
2019 was 0.7 % (nominal) below the prior-year figure.


--- Page 13 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

According to these surveys, net revenues of the

total advertising market during the reporting period
amounted to € 21.0 billion (including classified ads and
brochure supplements, less discounts and agency
commissions and without production costs).

In the German Online sector (display, keyword market-
ing and affiliate), net advertising revenues increased by
6.4 % to € 7.9 billion in 2019. The digital advertising
expenditures thus represent a market share of total
advertising expenditures of 37.7 %. Advertisers feel the
pressure of a rapid transformation of their companies.
Marketing communication is shifting rapidly to online
channels in response to changes in consumer behavior.

In the print media, net advertising revenues of news-
papers (newspapers, advertising papers and newspaper
supplements) totaled € 3.9 billion in the reporting period,
a 7.2% decrease from the prior-year figure. Magazines
(consumer magazines, directory magazines, directory
media) also showed a decline compared to the prior
year, with net advertising revenues falling by 8.3 % to

€ 2.7 billion.

Commercial television in Germany recorded a decline
of 1.9% to € 4.4 billion in 2019 and net advertising
revenues on radio were € 792 million (+0.4 %) and
slightly above the prior-year level. Net advertising
revenues in outdoor advertising increased in 2019 by
1.7% to € 1.2 billion.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

According to ZenithOptimedia, the following digital
advertising revenue development is expected in 2019
for selected countries:

Digital Advertising Activity 2019 (selection)

Change in net ad revenues compared to prior year

(nominal) Online
Germany 6.4%
Central and Eastern Europe 12.2%
USA 15.4%
United Kingdom 6.2%

Source: ZenithOptimedia, Advertising Expenditure Forecast, December 2019;
preliminary estimates.

Press distribution market

More and more people use the Internet as the main
medium for news consumption. There is an increasing
willingness to pay for digital content in Germany.
Economically successful offers such as the New York
Times or Netflix but also our own paid content offers
prove that media content can be monetized not only via
reach-based models, but also via subscriptions. While
digital newspaper distribution in 2019, (source: PwC
study “German Entertainment and Media Outlook
2019-2023") at € 409 million, is not nearly as big as
print distribution (€ 4.5 billion), overall market growth in
distribution will take place online over the next few years.
The print market will continue to decline. On the other
hand, the online distribution market is projected to
grow on average by around 8% each year until 2023.
The Axel Springer products in this segment, BILDplus
and WELToplus, pioneers with their respective founding
years of 2013 and 2012, have been recording strong
growth in subscriber numbers for years. Business.
Insider's payment offer, BI Prime, launched in the
United States at the end of 2017, has also attracted
keen interest from users.


--- Page 14 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Continuing the trend of prior periods, the German press
distribution market contracted somewhat further. The
total paid circulation of newspapers and magazines was.
6.0 % below the corresponding prior-year figure. Thanks to
the price increases implemented in the past four quarters,
however, circulation revenues declined by only 4.7 %.

The 327 IVW-registered daily and Sunday newspapers
achieved total sales of 15.1 million copies per publication
date. Compared to the prior-year figure, this corre-
sponds to a decrease of 3.8%. As in the prior year,
newsstand sales (-9.1 %) suffered a much greater
decline than subscription sales (-3.6 %). Demand in the
segment of daily and Sunday newspapers within the
press distribution market weakened by 4.2%, weighted
according to the respective frequency of publication.

Total sales of general-interest magazines, including
membership and club magazines, was 81.2 million
copies per publication date. Compared to the prior-year
figure, this corresponds to a decline of 5.8%. The num-
ber of IVW registered titles was 689 (-6.4 % compared
to the previous year). The demand for general-interest
magazines, weighted for their respective publication
frequencies, declined by 11.9%.

Business performance

KER takeover offer

As part of the implementation of Axel Springer's long-
term growth and investment strategy, the Executive
Board examined options for the participation of a long-
term oriented investor. For this purpose, the Executive
Board talked with the US investment company KKR,
among others, about a possible strategic investment in
Axel Springer. On June 12, 2019, Axel Springer entered
into an investor agreement with Traviata II S.a r.l. and
Traviata B.V., each holding companies within the KKR
Group. The investor agreement regulates the essential
points of an equity stake by KKR in the form of a volun-
tary public takeover offer. Furthermore, the investor
agreement sets the framework for future cooperation

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

with the investor KKR, who will coordinate his approach
to Axel Springer in a consortium with holding companies
of Dr. h.c. Friede Springer and Dr. Mathias Dépfner,
provided the takeover offer is completed. On July 5,
2019, Traviata II S.a r.|. made a voluntary public takeover
offer for the shares of Axel Springer SE to the sharehold-
ers of Axel Springer at a price of € 63.00 per share. After
careful and thorough examination of the offer document,
the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of Axel
Springer recommended the acceptance of the offer in
their Joint Reasoned Statement of July 11, 2019. By the
end of the acceptance period on August 2, 2019, the
offer had been accepted for approximately 27.8 % of the
share capital. As a result, the minimum acceptance
threshold set by KKR of 20% of Axel Springer's share
capital was exceeded. The final acceptance quota, once
the additional acceptance period ended, was 42.5 %
according to the announcement by KKR on August 26,
2019. The offer was subject to the receipt of antitrust,
foreign trade and media concentration law approvals and
releases. After this was fulfilled, the transaction was
closed on December 18, 2019. From this and from addi-
tional share purchases, in the meantime, KKR held 44.3 %
of the share capital at the end of the reporting year.
Through further share purchases after the end of the
reporting year, KKR currently holds 45.0 % of Axel
Springer shares (as of February 18, 2020). In the offer
document dated July 5, 2019, KKR had already an-
nounced that it would propose to the other members of
the consortium and the Executive Board of Axel Spring-
er SE that after a successful takeover offer Axel Spring-
er SE would delist from the stock exchange. On January
23, 2020, Axel Springer has published plans to withdraw
from the stock exchange. In this context, a prior public
delisting offer is required. According to an agreement
concluded with Axel Springer SE, KKR announced

such an offer with a cash offer price of € 63.00.

More information is available on the website
www.traviata-angebot.de/delisting.


--- Page 15 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Significant subsequent events and transactions

During the first half of 2019, StepStone continued to
supplement its portfolio with acquisitions. With the
Berlin e-learning startup Studydrive, in January 2019
StepStone took over, according to its own statement,
the leading digital platform for students in Europe. More
than 1 million students at over 100 universities and col-
leges use the platform to exchange ideas with fellow
students and to support each other in their study pro-
gress. In addition, in March 2019, StepStone acquired a
majority stake in gehalt.de (previously PersonalMarkt),
and according to its own statement, one of Germany's
largest compensation analysts. Gehalt.de operates
online portals for both employees and employers: The
portals gehalt.de and gehaltsvergleich.com offer detailed
salary information and job offers. At the end of June
2019, StepStone took over 91.2 % (economically it
corresponds to 85 % taking into consideration existing
employee options) of Appcast's shares for € 71.6
million. Appcast is the leading technology provider for
programmatic job advertisements in the United States.
The company specializes in placing job ads on the Inter-
net exactly where they can find suitable applicants.
Through the acquisition, Axel Springer continues its
growth strategy and further expands StepStone's portfo-
lio of intelligent recruiting and matching technologies.

In the area of paid content technology, at the end of
February 2019, Axel Springer took over CeleraOne, a
leading company in Germany according to an analysis by
the Boston Consulting Group. With the acquisition we
are strengthening our IT competence in a strategic core
area. At the same time, Axel Springer becomes a tech-
nology provider in the growth business of payment tech-
nology. CeleraOne is a specialist for real-time processing
of large data volumes and with its solutions for paid
content technology service providers for numerous Ger-
man and Swiss publishers. At Axel Springer, CeleraOne
has already been used in the payment offerings of WELT
and BILD since its launch in 2012 and 2013 respectively.

27

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

At the beginning of June 2019, Axel Springer sold in full
its majority interest (61 %) in the @Leisure Group for a
total price of € 185.5 million. The offers of the @Leisure
Group, an online platform for holiday real estates in
Europe, include full-service providers Belvilla and
DanCenter as well as the online holiday home market-
place Traum-Ferienwohnungen. The group generated an
adjusted EBITDA of more than € 24 million in 2018. The
@Leisure Gruppe's cash and cash equivalents at the
time of the transaction were € 41.6 million. With the sale
of @Leisure, Axel Springer's focus in the Classifieds
Media segment is increasingly directed to the activities of
StepStone and AVIV.

In June 2019, Axel Springer announced that the two
US companies Insider Inc. and eMarketer will be
merged in the year 2020 in order to expand their
respective market positions and offer customers a
comprehensive, analytical view of the digital trans-
formation of different industries.

Also, in June 2019, we acquired a further 14.2 % of the
shares in the British company Purplebricks for a total
purchase price of € 49.2 million, increasing our share to
approximately 26.6 %.

The AVIV Group, which combines our activities in the
area of Real Estate Classifieds and General/Other, had
signed an agreement at the beginning of August 2019 to
acquire 100 % of the shares in MeilleursAgents.
MeilleursAgents operates the portal MeilleursAgents.com,
through which real estate owners in France can have
their real estate valued and find real estate agents. The
transaction was completed in September 2019 at a
purchase price of € 201.1 million.


--- Page 16 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

At the end of September 2019, Axel Springer announced
that it would invest significantly in digital journalism and in
growth projects at BILD and WELT over the next few
years. At the same time, a corresponding restructuring
program was announced in order to streamline the
structures in the declining business activities in the

News Media National area and generate sustainable
cost savings.

In October 2019, Axel Springer also reached an agree-
ment with the minority shareholders of the Immowelt
Group, to take over their 45 % for € 357.9 million. The
complete takeover is another step to accelerate the
growth of Immowelt and to strengthen the cooperation
between the real estate portals belonging to the AVIV
Group.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Overall statement of the Executive
Board on the course of business and
economic environment

Digitization continues to be the defining trend for the
economic environment of media companies. This reflects
the development of segments of the Axel Springer Group.
Despite the challenging macroeconomic environment,
our digital activities continued to grow organically.
Business performance was also influenced by acquisi-
tions in digital business models and by an active portfolio
management. Thanks to the strategic partnership with
KKR, which supports our growth strategy as a long-term
investor, we are well positioned to leverage the further
potential that we see in our business areas.


--- Page 17 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Financial performance, liquidity and financial position

Financial performance of the Group

In the reporting year, revenues of € 3,112.1 million were
2.2 % lower than the prior-year value (€ 3,180.7 million).
Organically, i.e. adjusted for consolidation and currency
effects, revenues were at the level of the prior year

(+0.1 %). Overall, consolidation effects had a negative
impact. The negative effects due to the deconsolidation
of the @Leisure Group from June 2019, aufeminin from
April 2018 as well as the print activities in Slovakia from
July 2018, significantly exceeded the positive effects,

especially due to the inclusion of Appcast from July 2019.

Overall, currency effects had a slightly positive impact.

Revenues from digital activities increased from

€ 2,206.4 million by 1.9% to € 2,247.9 million.

The digital share of revenues relating to the operating
business increased to 73.3 % (PY: 70.6 %).

Organic revenue development for digital media is
illustrated in the table below. Consolidation and currency
effects have been adjusted.

Revenue Development Digital Media, organic

yoy 2019 2018
Digital Media 48% 9.6%
Classifieds Media 3.0% 11.4%
News Media 5.4% 11.8%
Marketing Media 9.3% 2.1%

While the growth rates in the Classifieds Media and
News Media segments were lower in the reporting year
compared to the prior year, the Marketing Media seg-
ment again showed increased growth (see page 34).

International revenues increased slightly by 0.7 % from
€ 1,406.5 million to € 1,416.2 million. Their share of Axel
Springer's revenues increased to 45.5 % (PY: 44.2 %).

Advertising revenues slightly decreased by 1.5% to

€ 2,126.3 million (PY: € 2,159.4 million). Here, too, the
negative effects of deconsolidation of the @Leisure
Group, aufeminin and the print business in Slovakia
outperformed the positive effects that resulted particular-
ly from the inclusion of Appcast, so that there was an
overall negative impact. At the same time, the print
activities in the News Media National area showed a
clear negative development due to market conditions.
Overall, currency effects had a slightly positive effect.
The organic increase in advertising revenues from

Axel Springer was overall at 1.5 %. The percentage of
advertising revenues in total revenues was slightly higher
than in the previous year at 68.3% (PY: 67.9 %). Of the
total advertising revenues 88.9 % (PY: 86.4 %) were
generated by digital activities.

The decrease in circulation revenues by 5.1% from
€ 591.7 million to € 561.4 million was mainly due to
market conditions. Overall, the increase in digital
revenues could not compensate for the decline in
circulation revenues from printed publications. Consoli-
dation effects also had an impact at Ringier Axel
Springer Media in Slovakia. The organic decline in
revenues was at 4.2%. Circulation revenues slightly
declined to 18.0 % of total revenue (PY: 18.6 %).

The other revenues of € 424.4 million were 1.2% below
the prior-year figure of € 429.6 million. Overall, consoli-
dation effects had a slightly negative impact. Organically,
there was a slight decrease in other revenues of 0.6%.
Overall, other revenues represented an almost un-
changed share of 13.6 % (PY: 13.5%) of the revenues.

Other operating income was at € 120.6 million

(PY: € 169.5 million) and essentially comprised the profit
from the disposal of the @Leisure Group (€ 67.9 million
before sale-related costs). The prior-year figure was
mainly influenced by the profit from the disposal of the
aufeminin Group (€ 49.4 million before sale-related costs)
and the income from the transfer of the Axel Springer
high-rise building in Berlin to the Axel Springer
Pensionstreuhandverein (€ 34.9 million).


--- Page 18 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Changes in inventories and other internal costs
capitalized increased to € 98.2 million (PY: € 93.5
million) and, as in the prior year, were mainly related to IT
development projects to develop and expand our digital
business models.

Compared to the prior-year figure, total expenses
increased by 2.5 % to € 3,078.8 million (PY: € 3,003.9
million).

Purchased goods and services decreased by 8.2%
to € 504.5 million (PY: € 549.7 million). The reason for
the decline was the decrease in own and third-party
printing costs in the News Media segment as well as
consolidation-related effects. The ratio of purchased
goods and services to total revenues decreased to
16.2% (PY: 17.3%).

Personnel expenses were at € 1,384.3 million

(PY: € 1,224.4 million) and 13.1 % above the level

of the prior year. The reason for this development was,
for the most part, an increase in expenses for restructur-
ing measures compared to the prior year, as well as
increased expenses from the valuation of long-term
incentive programs; as a result of the increased share
price of Axel Springer, particularly in connection with the
takeover offer by KKR, increased expenses were record-
ed as part of the valuation of the long-term incentive
program of the Executive Board and selected executives
for the reporting year. In addition, the increase is due to
the increase in personnel in the digital business models.
The Group's average number of employees decreased
by 1.4% to 16,120 in 2019, particularly due to consoli-
dation effects.

The decrease in depreciation, amortization, and
impairments to € 308.0 million (PY: 347.9 million)
resulted in the prior year primarily from € 42.3 million
(€ 13.4 million in the reporting year) impairment losses.
on goodwill in the Marketing Media segment.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

The other operating expenses were € 882.0 million
(PY: € 882.0 million). Decreases due to consolidation,
lower expenses for advertising measures and lower
shipping and logistics costs were offset, among other
things, by deferred expenses in connection with the
takeover offer made by KKR as well as expenses in
connection with the introduction of the digital tax in
France.

The income from investments was € — 20.8 million
(PY: € -62.2 million) and impacted, as in the prior year,
by the revaluation of financial assets. In the reporting
year, we particularly impaired our investment in Ringier
Axel Springer Schweiz AG by € 29.0 million. On the
other hand, we recognized a write-up for our investment
in Purplebricks by € 11.6 million after we had impairment
losses of € 82.9 million to the market capitalization as of
December 31, 2018. The operating income from invest-
ments included in adjusted EBITDA amounted to

€ 3.8 million and was below the prior-year figure due

to the recognition of negative pro rata results from
investments accounted for using the equity method

(PY: € 15.5 million).

The net financial result amounted to € —25.2 million
(PY: €-21.1 million).

In line with the operating results, income taxes
accounted for € -71.5 million in the reporting year

(PY: € - 147.9 million). The tax rate was 34.7 %

(PY: 41.5 %) and was characterized in the reporting
period and in the prior year in particular by the largely
tax-neutral income in connection with the disposal of the
@Leisure Group (prior year: aufeminin Group) and by tax-
neutral impairments on financial assets.

Adjusted for non-recurring effects, adjusted EBITDA
decreased significantly compared with the prior year by
14.5 % to € 630.6 million (PY: € 737.9 million). Part of
the decline was due to consolidation effects. Currency
effects did not play a significant role. Organically, i.e.
after taking consolidation and currency effects into
account, adjusted EBITDA was 11.0% below the prior-
year value. The main reasons for the decrease were the
provisions that were recognized as a result of the


--- Page 19 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

announced substantial restructuring measures in the
News Media National subsegment. The Group's margin
fell accordingly to 20.3% (PY: 23.2 %).

Due to the increase in depreciation, amortization and
impairments, adjusted EBIT went down more than
adjusted EBITDA and decreased by 21.5 % compared to
the prior year to € 414.5 million (PY: € 527.9 million).
Here, too, mainly consolidation effects had an impact
while currency effects played a minor part. The organic
decline was at 16.8%. Similar to adjusted EBITDA, the
organic decline was mainly caused by provisions for the
announced restructuring measures. The margin was
13.3% and hence below the prior-year level (16.6 %).

The adjusted net income decreased by 21.5% to

€ 263.7 million (PY: € 335.7 million). Due to the in-
creased share of non-controlling interests, adjusted
earnings per share decreased by 25.9 %; organically,
adjusted earnings per share were 20.8 % below the
prior year.

Net income

€mi 2019 2018 Change
Net income 134.6 208.4 =-35.4%
Non-recurring effects 91.3 12.5 -
Depreciation, amortization, and

impairments of purchase price

allocations 91.9 137.8 -33.3%
Taxes attributable to these

effects -54.2 23.1 -
Net income, adjusted” 263.7 335.7 -21.5%
Attributable to non-controlling

interest 45.2 41.0 10.3%
Adjusted net income”

attributable to shareholders

of Axel Springer SE 218.5 294.7 -25.9%
Earnings per share, adjusted

(ine) 2.02 2.73 -25.9%
Earnings per share (in €)? 0.92 1.68  -45.0%

+) Explanations regarding relevant key performance indicators on page 38.
2! Calculation based on average weighted shares outstanding in the reporting period
(107.9 millon; PY: 107.9 million),

31

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

The non-recurring effects in the reporting period, among
others, related to income from the sale of business
activities and real estate in the amount of € 64.3 million
(PY: income from the sale of business activities and real
estate amounting to € 74.4 million). In the reporting year,
these were mainly related to the profit from the disposal
of the @Leisure Group (€ 67.9 million before sale-related
costs). In the previous year, this income mainly related to
the disposal of our shares in the aufeminin Group

(€ 49.4 million) and the transfer of the Axel Springer
high-rise building in Berlin to the Axel Springer Pensions-
treuhandverein (€ 34.9 million). In addition, valuation
effects for investments of € -30.7 million were adjusted
in the reporting year, in particular from the impairment of
our investment in Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG

(PY: € -76.9 million, mainly related to our investment in
Purplebricks). The non-recurring effects also included
effects from the subsequent valuation of liabilities for
contingent considerations from options on non-
controlling interests of € -29.1 million (PY: € -7.4 million)
as well as other effects from first-time consolidations of
€ -34.1 million (PY: € -9.8 million), which resulted
primarily from acquisition-related expenses and the ef-
fects of purchase price allocations and also included
expenses in connection with the takeover bid made by
KKR in the reporting year. Furthermore, the expenses
from the valuation of the long-term incentive program

of the Executive Board and selected executives were
adjusted in the amount of € -61.7 million (PY: income of
€ 7.2 million).


--- Page 20 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Financial performance of the operating
segments

Classifieds Media

In the Classifieds Media segment all business models are
summarized, which generate their revenues mainly in
online classifieds. Since July 2019, the segment has
been divided into the areas StepStone, AVIV and Other
(see page 13).

Key Figures Classifieds Media

€ millions 2019 2018 Change

Revenues 14,2138 1,212.5 0.1%
Advertising revenues 4,167.0 1,167.4 0.0%
Other revenues 46.9 45.1 3.9%

StepStone 647.4 602.6 7.4%

AVIV? 506.3 476.8 6.2%

Other" 60.3 133.1 -54.7%

EBITDA, adjusted” 468.4 4872  -3.8%

StepStone 242.6 245.5 1.2%

AVIV? 221.6 227.7 -2.7%

Sonstige" 16.6 24.8  -38.3%

EBITDA margin, adjusted 38.6% 40.2%

StepStone 37.5% 40.7%

AVIV? 43.8% 47.8%

Other" 27.5% 18.7%

EBIT, adjusted” 377.9 406.7 -7.1%

StepStone 187.4 197.5 5.1%

AVIV! 187.6 200.5 -6.4%

Sonstige" 15.2 195  -22.0%

EBIT margin, adjusted 31.1% 33.5%

StepStone 29.0% 32.8%

AVIV! 37.0% 42.1%

Other" 25.2% 14.6%

41 Adjustment of the previous year's figures due to the reorganization of the
subsegments in the segment Classifieds Media.

2 Segment EBITDAVEBIT, adjusted include non-allocated costs of € 12.4 million
(PY: € 10.9 million)

32

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

In a challenging macroeconomic environment, revenues
in the Classifieds Media segment remained almost un-
changed at € 1.213,8 million compared to the same
period in the prior year (PY: € 1,212.5 million; + 0.1%).
Consolidation effects played a notable role, above all due
to the deconsolidation of the @Leisure Group with
opposing effects, in particular from the inclusion of
Appcast and Universum in the StepStone subsegment,
as well as MeilleursAgents and Logic-Immo in the area of
real estate portals. The organic increase in revenue,

ie. adjusted for consolidation and currency effects

was 3.0%. The StepStone subsegment increased its
revenues by 7.4%, organically it increased it by 2.7 %. In
addition to the positive consolidation effects mentioned
above, business in continental Europe again contributed
to growth, while activities in the UK were slightly below
the level of the prior year due to the uncertainties sur-
rounding the Brexit discussion during the course of the
year. The activities reported in the AVIV subsegment
achieved an increase in their revenues by 6.2 %. Among
other things, consolidation effects contributed to the
growth through the inclusion of MeilleursAgents and
Logic-Immo. Organically, growth was at 2.8%.

The segment 's adjusted EBITDA decreased by 3.8% to
€ 468.4 million (PY: € 487.2 million). The development is
almost entirely due to negative consolidation effects,
which were caused, among other things, by the decon-
solidation of the @Leisure Group, negative earnings
contributions from acquired companies in the StepStone
subsegment as well as AVIV's hybrid brokerage activities.
Organically, i.e. adjusted for consolidation and currency
effects, the value was almost at the prior- year level

(+0.1 %). At 38.6 % the margin was below the prior-year
value (40.2 %). StepStone's adjusted EBITDA was 1.2 %
below the prior-year figure. Decisive factors for the
weaker growth compared to the organic development
(+1.5%) were seasonal negative earnings contributions
from the employer branding business (Universum) and
the first-time consolidation of Appcast. AVIV recorded a
decrease in adjusted EBITDA of 2.7 %. The positive
operating results of the Immowelt Group were largely
overcompensated by the negative earnings contributions
from the hybrid brokerage activities, which were only
partially consolidated in the prior year, as well as a


--- Page 21 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

decline in operating results of our activities in Israel (Yad2)
and Belgium (Immoweb). Adjusted EBITDA declined
organically in the subsegment by 1.5%.

Adjusted EBIT in the Classifieds Media segment
decreased by 7.1% from € 406.7 million to € 377.9
million. Organically, a decline of 2.8% was recorded.
Depreciation, amortization and impairments increased by
12.5% to € 90.6 million (PY: € 80.5 million).

News Media
The News Media segment mainly comprises the BILD
and WELT Group in the national segment, and in the

international area primarily digital media offerings in
Europe and the USA.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Key Figures News Media

€ millions 2019 2018 Change
Revenues 1,430.9 1,496.2 -4.4%
Advertising revenues 638.5 678.5 5.9%
Circulation revenues 561.4 592.0 5.2%
Other revenues 231.0 225.7 2.3%
National 41,0006 1,070.4 -6.5%
Advertising revenues 384.5 4324 111%
Circulation revenues 452.4 474.6 -4.7%
Other revenues 164.1 163.4 0.4%
International 430.2 425.7 1.1%
Advertising revenues 254.0 246.1 3.2%
Circulation revenues 109.3 417.4 -6.9%
Other revenues 66.9 62.3 74%
EBITDA, adjusted 138.5, 228.2 — -39.3%
National 70.2 161.2 56.4%
International 68.3 67.0 1.9%
EBITDA margin, adjusted 9.7% 15.3%
National 7.0% 18.1%
International 18.9% 18.7 %
EBIT, adjusted 724 158.2  -54.4%
National 40.0 126.6  -68.4%
International 32.4 31.5 1.7%
EBIT margin, adjusted 5.0% 10.6 %
National 4.0% 11.8%
International 7.5% 7.4%

Revenues in the News Media segment of € 1,430.9
million, were 4.4 % below the prior-year figure

(€ 1,496.2 million). The digital proportion of revenues
was 42.8 % (PY: 38.5 %). Organically, i.e. adjusted for
consolidation and currency effects, revenues were 3.9 %
below the level of the prior year. At € 1,000.6 million,
revenues in the News Media National were 6.5 % below
the prior year (organically 6.7 % below the prior year). It
should be noted here that ‘BILD fiir ALLE’ had made a
significant contribution in revenues in the first half of
2018 and there was no such special edition in the 2019
financial year. The digital offers BILDplus and WELTplus


--- Page 22 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

had about 568,000 paying subscribers in Decem-

ber 2019. The digital share of revenues in the subseg-
ment increased to 30.1 % (PY: 27.8%). Revenues in
News Media International increased slightly by 1.1% to
€ 430.2 million. The organic increase was 3.3 %. The
digital offerings from Insider Inc. and upday showed
good operational development. This was countered by
the negative consolidation effect from the sale of the
print business in Slovakia in the prior year. The digital
proportion of revenues for News Media International was.
72.4% (PY: 65.3%).

Adjusted EBITDA of € 138.5 million was 39.3% below
the prior-year figure (€ 228.2 million). In addition to the
decline in revenues, which was mainly in the print
business, this decline was driven in particular by the
provisions for the announced extensive restructuring
measures in the News Media National subsegment.
Consolidation and currency effects played a more minor
role. Organically, i.e. adjusted for consolidation and cur-
rency effects, adjusted EBITDA was 37.7 % below the
prior-year figure. At 9.7%, the segment's margin was
significantly below the prior-year value (15.3%). Adjusted
EBITDA in the News Media National subsegment was.

€ 70.2 million and 56.4 % below the prior-year figure

(€ 161.2 million), the organic decrease was 55.7 %. The
provisions mentioned above are the main reason for this.
In the international segment, the adjusted EBITDA
increased slightly by 1.9% to € 68.3 million (PY: € 67.0
million). A significant improvement in earnings at upday
was Offset by earnings below the level of the prior year at
eMarketer. The organic increase was more positive at
8.5% . The main reason for this was the sale of the print
business in Slovakia in the prior year.

Adjusted EBIT in the News Media segment decreased
by 54.4% from € 158.2 million to € 72.1 million The
clear decline in adjusted EBIT compared to the decline
in adjusted EBITDA is mainly due to scheduled
depreciation, the decrease by 5.2 % to € 66.4 million
(PY: € 70.0 million) was disproportionately low. The
organic decline in EBIT was 52.4 %.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Marketing Media

In the Marketing Media segment, reach-based marketing
primarily includes idealo, Bonial and finanzen.net. The
previous year's figures also take into account aufeminin
until the sale at the end of April 2018. The performance-
based marketing consists of the Awin Group.

Key Figures Marketing Media

€ millions 2019 2018 Change
Revenues 421.5 418.3 0.8%
Advertising revenues 320.8 313.4 2.3%
Other revenues 100.7 104.8 -4.0%
Reach Based Marketing 227.8 235.2 -3.2%
Performance Marketing 193.7 183.1 5.8%
EBITDA, adjusted” 107.8 89.6 20.3%
Reach Based Marketing 72.3 66.7 8.3%
Performance Marketing 43.5 31.2 39.4%
EBITDA margin, adjusted 25.6% 21.4%
Reach Based Marketing 31.7% 28.4%
Performance Marketing 22.5% 17.0%
EBIT, adjusted" 83.3 66.0 26.1%
Reach Based Marketing 60.4 55.6 8.6%
Performance Marketing 30.8 18.7 64.8%
EBIT margin, adjusted 19.8% 15.8%
Reach Based Marketing 26.5% 23.7%
Performance Marketing 15.9% 10.2%

1) Segment EBITDAVEBIT, adjusted include non-allocated costs of € 8.0 milion
(PY: €8.3 millon).

Revenues in the News Media segment of € 421.5 million
were slightly above the level of the prior year (€ 418.3
million; + 0.8%). Declines due to the sale of aufeminin in
April 2018 contrasted with noticeable increases at idealo
and Awin. Organically, i.e. adjusted for consolidation and
currency effects, the segment recorded an increase in
revenue of 9.3%. Revenues in reach-based marketing
declined by 3.2 % to € 227.8 million. Adjusted for
consolidation and currency effects, which resulted in
particular from the sale of aufeminin, an increase of 13.3%
was achieved. This development was largely driven by
the very positive development of revenues in the idealo
Group. Revenues in performance marketing increased


--- Page 23 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

by 5.8% to € 193.7 million. Organic growth was
somewhat lower at 5.0% due to currency effects.

The adjusted EBITDA of € 107.8 million in the segment
was 20.3% above the prior-year value (€ 89.6 million).
Organically, i.e. adjusted for consolidation and currency
effects, the recorded increase was 26.1%. Due to the
lower revenue increases, the margin on the segment
increased to 25.6 % (PY: 21.4%). Adjusted EBITDA in
reach-based marketing was € 72.3 million, 8.3% above
the prior year's figure of € 66.7 million. Organically, the
subsegment showed an increase in earnings of 16.8%,
which was mainly due to improvements in earnings in the
idealo Group and at Bonial. Adjusted EBITDA in the
Performance Marketing sub-segment increased by

39.4 %. Organically the increase was 36.3 %. This strong
growth is due in particular to the higher integration costs
incurred in the previous year for the merger of Awin and
affilinet, which had impacted the adjusted EBITDA.

Adjusted EBIT in the Marketing Media segment
increased by 26.1 % from € 66.0 million to € 83.3
million; organic growth was 34.4 %. The depreciation,
amortization and impairments increased by 4.0 % to
€ 24.5 million in the reporting year (PY: € 23.6 million).

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Services/Holding

Group services, which also include the three domestic
printing plants, as well as holding functions, are reported
within the Services/Holding segment. Group services are
purchased by in-house customers at standard market
prices.

Key Figures Services/Holding

€ millions 2019 2018 ‘Change
Revenues 46.0 53.7 -14.4%
EBITDA, adjusted -84.1 -67.0
EBIT, adjusted -118.6 -103.0

Revenues in the Services/Holding segment decreased
compared to the comparable prior-year period by 14.4%
and were € 46.0 million (PY: € 53.7 million). One of the
main factors here was the market-related decline in the
print products business.

Adjusted EBITDA decreased from € -67.0 million to
€ —84.1 million. This decrease resulted from the loss
of one-off income, lower revenues and higher project
expenditure.

The adjusted EBIT in the Services/Holding segment was
at € -118.6 million (PY: € - 103.0 million). The deprecia-
tion, amortization and impairments of € 34.5 million were
below the level of the prior year (€ 36.0 million).


--- Page 24 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Liquidity

Financial management

As a general rule, Axel Springer SE provides all financing
for the Axel Springer Group. This arrangement ensures
that the Group companies have sufficient liquidity at all
times. The essential goal of financial management is to

provide cost-effective liquidity in the form of maturity-
matched financing.

Net Liquidity/Debt

€ millions 2019 2018
Cash and cash equivalents 286.1 281.5
Financial liabilities 2,239.1 1,530.8

Net Liquidity/Debt -1,953.0

+) Explanations regarding relevant key performance indicators on page 38.
2) Incl, leasing liabilities in the amount of € 373.4 milion
(81. December 2018: € 379.6 milion)

At the beginning of July 2019, we extended the term of
our credit lines by another year. We can continue to
draw on long-term credit lines in the amount of

€ 1,500.0 which are due for payment in July 2024
(previously: July 2023). As of December 31, 2019,

€ 1,160.5 million (December 31, 2018: € 453.0 million)
of the existing long-term credit lines (€ 1,500.0 million)
had been utilized. For interest-optimizing satisfaction of
short-term capital requirements we are able to issue
certain forms of short-term bearer bonds (commercial
paper) with a maximum volume of € 750.0 million and a
term of up to one year. As of the reporting date, no
commercial paper had been issued. In addition, there
were Schuldscheindarlehen (promissory note) totaling
€ 704.5 million (December 31, 2018: € 704.5 million)
with a term until October 2020 (€ 69.0 million), May
2021 (€ 11.5 million), May 2022 (€ 158.0 million), May
2023 (€ 72.0 million) and May 2024 (€ 394.0 million).
The credit lines, the short-term commercial paper pro-
gram and the promissory notes may be used either for
general business purposes or for financing acquisitions.

=1,249.2

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Cashflow development

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Condensed)

€ millions 2019 2018
Cash flow from continuing operations 465.5 565.7
Cash flow from investing activities -530.8  -120.7
Cash flow from financing activities 65.1 -395.0
Change in cash and cash equivalents 03 50.0
Cash and cash equivalents as of December 31 286.1 281.5

Cash flow from operating activities was € 465.5 million
and thereby 17.7 % below the value of the same period
last year (€ 565.7 million). In addition to the development
of trade receivables and trade liabilities, the development
resulted in particular from cut-off date-related payment
effects as of December 31, 2018, which led to
postponements of payments in the first half of 2019. The
previous year also included payments from Pensions-
sicherungsverein in connection with the transfer of the
Axel Springer high-rise building in Berlin. This was offset
by slightly lower net tax payments.

Cash flow from investing activities amounted to

€ -530.3 million (PY: € - 120.7 million). Capital expendi-
tures of intangible assets and property, plant, and
equipment increased in particular as a result of the new
building in Berlin (total investment volume of around

€ 315.0 million, of which € 265.5 million has been called
up). The sale of the new Axel Springer building in Berlin
(sales price of € 425 million (before tax payments of
around € 30 million)) is expected to be completed in the
first half of 2020. Payments (less cash acquired) for
acquisitions made in the reporting year mainly related to
the acquisition of 100 % of the shares in MeilleursAgents
(€ 197.1 million) and 91.2 % of the shares in Appcast

(€ 65.9 million) as well as with € 49.2 million the payment
for the increase in our investment in Purplebricks. This
was offset by the proceeds of € 185.5 million less cash
and cash equivalents of € 41.6 million from the disposal
of our shares in the @Leisure Group. The prior year

was particularly characterized by payments (less cash
acquired) for the acquisition of 100 % of the shares in
Concept Multimédia (Logic-Immo) and Universum


--- Page 25 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

(€ 92.8 million and € 39.5 million respectively) as well as
€ 153.7 million for the acquisition of a non-controlling
share in Purplebricks. On the other hand, this was offset
by proceeds from the disposal of our shares in the
aufeminin Group (€ 291.5 million less cash and cash
equivalents of € 72.0 million), the sale of the print busi-
ness in Slovakia (€ 60.5 million) and the early exercise of
option rights to sell all remaining shares in Dogan TV

(€ 160.0 million).

The cash flow from financing activities of € 65.1 million
(PY: € -395.0 million) was, as in the previous year,
characterized by the payment of the dividend to the
shareholders of Axel Springer SE as well as the repay-
ment portion of rental and lease payments. In addition,
payments for the acquisition of the outstanding 45 %
non-controlling interests in the Immowelt Group of

€ 336.3 million were included in the reporting year.
This was countered by net increase of financial liabilities
(repayment in the previous year) of financial liabilities.

Financial position

Consolidated Balance Sheet (Condensed)

€ millions 12/31/2019 12/31/2018
Non-current assets 5,550.8 5,267.7
Current assets 1,300.6 4,211.2
Assets 6,851.5 6,479.0
Equity 2,483.1 2,884.2
Non-current liabilities 2,880.8 2,190.3
Current liabilities 1,487.6 1,404.4
Equity and liabilities 6,851.5 6,479.0

The development of non-current assets was primarily
characterized by the recognition of intangible assets as
part of the first-time consolidation of the acquisitions
completed in the reporting year, in particular
MeilleursAgents and Appcast. The disposal of the
@Leisure Group, which was completed in early June,
had here a partially compensating effect. In addition,
property, plant, and equipment in connection with the
new Axel Springer building in Berlin and non-current

37

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

financial assets increased mainly due to the increase in
our investment in Purplebricks.

Current assets increased primarily due to the develop-
ment of trade receivables, which rose despite the reduc-
ing effects from the first-time and deconsolidations of the
reporting year. This resulted from the positive operating
development of our business units, cut-off date-related
payment and settlement effects as well as isolated
changes in contractual payment terms.

Equity amounted to € 2,483.1 million and was thus
below the level as of December 31, 2018 (€ 2,884.2
million). At the beginning of November 2019, our shares
in the Immowelt Group were increased by 45% to 100%.
The share of non-controlling interests in equity were
reduced by € 89.1 million and the difference of

€ 268.7 to the acquisition costs (€ 357.9 million) offset
against and reduced accumulated retained earnings of
shareholders of Axel Springer SE. Previously liabilities
from existing put options for 10 % of Immowelt Group's
non-controlling interests lapsed in the reporting period
due to non-exercise and were derecognized income-
neutral increasing equity (€ 52.2 million). In addition, the
decrease in equity resulted in particular from the dividend
distributions to shareholders of Axel Springer SE, the
derecognition of existing non-controlling interests in
connection with the disposal of the @Leisure Group and
the recognition of actuarial losses by the reduction of the
discount rate for pension accounting (taking into account
corresponding tax effects). The consolidated net income
generated for 2019 and effects from the currency trans-
lation of financial statements consolidated had an in-
creasing effect. The equity ratio decreased as a result of
the reduction in equity while our credit lines were in-
creasingly used at the same time to 36.2 % (PY: 44.5 %).


--- Page 26 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

The increase in non-current liabilities is essentially related
to the increased use of our credit lines shown in financial
liabilities. In addition, the provisions for structural
measures and for long-term compensation programs
increased, as well as liabilities for contingent considera-
tions, which were granted as part of the acquisitions
made in the reporting year. The decrease in deferred tax
liabilities mainly resulted from the tax effects from the
valuation of the long-term incentive program of the
Executive Board and selected executives as well as the
adjustment of the discount rate for pension accounting.

The development of current liabilities was conditioned in
particular by the increased use of our credit lines shown
in financial liabilities as well as increased provisions for
structural measures. The portion of the revaluation of the
long-term incentive program attributable to the Executive
Board led to the increased reporting of liabilities due to
related parties. The decrease in trade payables was
mainly related to the disposal of the @Leisure Group. In
particular, due to the expiry of the put options for 10% of
the non-controlling interests in the Immowelt Group in
the reporting year, the disclosure of other current liabili-
ties decreased.

Explanations with respect to the relevant
key performance indicators

In accordance with the International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS), the performance indicators used in this
Annual Report, adjusted EBITDA (earnings before inter-
est, taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairments),
adjusted EBITDA margin, adjusted EBIT (earnings before
interest and taxes), adjusted net income, adjusted earn-
ings per share, free cash flow, net debt/liquidity and
equity ratio are undefined performance indicators to be
regarded as additional information.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, adjusted
EBIT, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per
share do not include special items, amortization from
purchase price allocations and taxes attributable to these
items. Non-recurring effects include effects from the
acquisition and disposal (including contribution) of sub-
sidiaries, business units, and investments (including
effects from the subsequent valuation of contingent
considerations and other option liabilities for the acquisi-
tion of non-controlling interests), as well as impairments
and write-ups of investments, effects from the sale of
real estate, impairments and write-ups of real-estate
used for own operational purposes, plus expenses relat-
ed to the share-based long-term incentive program
(LTIP). Purchase price allocation effects include the
expenses of depreciation, amortization, and impairments
of intangible assets, and property, plant, and equipment
from the acquisition of companies and business units.

The adjusted EBITDA margin is the ratio between the
adjusted EBITDA to revenues. The reconciliation net
income to adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBIT results
from the Group segment reporting. The financial perfor-
mance of the Group contains the reconciliation of net
income to the adjusted net income as well as the
determination of the adjusted earnings per share.

The free cash flow results from the cash flow from
operating activities less investments in intangible assets
and property, plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
plus payments received from disposals of intangible
assets and property, plant and equipment. These

partial amounts are stated separately in the Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows. Net debt/liquidity is the
balance of cash and cash equivalents and financial
liabilities.

The equity ratio reflects the ratio between equity and the
balance sheet total as of the respective balance sheet
date.


--- Page 27 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

We consider adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin,
adjusted EBIT, adjusted net income and adjusted earn-
ings per share as a suitable indicator for measuring the
operational performance of Axel Springer, as these
measures ignore effects that do not reflect the funda-
mental business performance of Axel Springer.

To assess our Group’s current financing and capital
structure as well as the future financing volume, we
regard free cash flow, net debt/liquidity, and equity ratio
to be suitable performance indicators.

Non-financial performance indicators

Employees

Axel Springer had an average of 16,120 (PY: 16,350)
employees in the reporting year (excluding vocational
trainees and journalism students/interns). An average
of 7,639 of the employees were employed abroad

(PY: 7,835); this corresponds to a share of 47.4%

(PY: 47.9%). The Group employed an average of 7,049
women and 9,070 men. The proportion of women was
43.7 % and therefore slightly under the prior-year level
(PY: 44.4 %). The number of editorial staff fell slightly in
the reporting period by 3.5% to 2,676. The number of
employees decreased slightly by 0.4 % to 13,040
employees.

Employees by Segments

Average number per year 2019 2018 Change
Classifieds Media 5,216 5,203 0.3%
News Media 7,078 7,006 1.0%
Marketing Media 2,431 2,641 8.0%
Services/Holding 1,395 4,500 -7.0%
Group 16,120 16,350 -1.4%

In the Classifieds Media segment, employees were built
up particularly at StepStone. The sale of the @Leisure
Group had an opposite effect. The slight increase in the
News Media segment is primarily the result of organic
growth at Insider Inc. In the Marketing Media segment,
the number of employees fell, mainly due to the sale of

39

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

the aufeminin Group in the prior year. The decline in the
Services/Holding segment is primarily due to the reduc-
tion in the number of employees in offset printing plants
and a decrease in the number of employees at our
catering and event service (PACE) in Hamburg.

Length of service and age structure

At the reporting date of 2019, the average length of
service with Axel Springer was 9.9 (PY: 10.0) years; 37.2 %
(PY: 37.2 %) of the workforce belonged to the Group for
more than ten years. More than half of all employees are
between 30 and 49 years old. The proportion of severely
disabled employees in the German companies averaged
3.5 % for the year (PY: 3.7 %).

Equal opportunities and diversity

In 2010, Axel Springer launched the initiative “Chancen:
gleich!”. The aim was to increase the diversity and
balance of women and men in leadership positions. At
the end of 2016, a first milestone was reached: The
proportion of women in management positions of 16 %
2010 was almost doubled to 32%. As of March 1, 2018,
the Supervisory Board member Stephanie Caspar has
been appointed to the Executive Board so that since
then the proportion of women in the company's Execu-
tive Board has been 20.0%. In order to improve further
the share of women in leading positions, the following
topics are in focus: Creating the best possible conditions
for reconciling family life and work, promoting the poten-
tial of young women, as well as promoting women in
management positions and developing a modern and
attractive corporate culture. From this, concrete
measures were derived, among others, systematic
talent development with modules such as succession
planning, talent development programs, (cross-company)
mentoring and coaching.

Axel Springer is committed to diversity and tolerance -
based on nationality, age, gender, sexual orientation,
physical ability and religion. Out of this conviction,
numerous networks have been established; for example,
parent networks, networking for tech-women,
cross-company mentoring exclusively for women, and
the LGBT] network “queer: seite!”. This is also supported,


--- Page 28 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

for example, by the annual participation of the
Executive Board in Berlin's Christopher Street Day.

Human resources development

Axel Springer has consistently aligned its qualification
activities in recent years with the requirements of
digitization and the workplace of tomorrow.

In addition to established seminars and promotional
programs, the range of shorter, unconventional and
flexible, usable learning formats has been greatly
expanded, which in addition to the mere transfer of
knowledge, leads also to greater interlinking among each
other. In this context, the collaboration platform
moveoffice (Office 365) was introduced to Axel Springer.
Networking of employees, simultaneous and location-
independent work in a team, open and transparent
communication and the sharing of knowledge are thus
supported and promoted. Axel Springer thus creates the
prerequisites for developing into a permanent “learning
and learning-from-each-other organization” that will cope
well with change of processes.

Increasing synergies, sharing knowledge between
various Axel Springer Group companies, teaching new
knowledge content, and guiding teams to adopt new
work techniques suchas agile process work, as well
as the preparing the employees for the workplace of
tomorrow, are equally important.

With the Talent Management division, Axel Springer is
investing in the development and retention of high
potentials. Through network events and so-called talent
dialogs at division and board levels, the Group creates
transparency in terms of talent, development opportuni-
ties and vacancies within the Axel Springer Group.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Research and development

Axel Springer does not have a traditional research and
development department of the kind that industrial
enterprises maintain. All divisions of the company are
optimizing existing offerings and working to establish
innovative products in the market. Above all, this means
that we are continually expanding our range of services
through innovations in the digital business, developing
editorial content and expanding our journalistic excel-
lence. In doing so, we attach great importance to the
early consideration of the changing use of media.

In addition to our investments in companies in the early
stage of development, in the reporting year we have
capitalized internal costs of € 98.4 (PY: € 93.2 million)
million in connection with IT development projects in
order to improve and expand our digital business model,
as well as reported € 76.1 million (PY: € 64.5 million) as
planned depreciation, amortization and impairments on
software and technologies that were developed in-house.

Further development of Classifieds Media

The development of new offers plays an important role in
the Classifieds Media sector. The following examples
illustrate this:

StepStone continuously invests in the Search&Match
algorithm. This is the core technology of job search plat-
form and enables users to view even more suitable and
relevant jobs. In this way, the increasingly strong and
individual use and preferences of users can be taken into
account. StepStone has developed mobile application
technologies that take into account changing user be-
havior. It makes it even easier for the user to apply on
the go. Among other things, candidates can apply with
the CV stored at StepStone from their smartphones.
StepStone has also made investments on the employers’
side. The appearance of the employer area for the Ger-
man-speaking market has been updated. Employers can
manage the applications, which they receive via job ads
at StepStone, and thus get in touch with the candidate
even faster and easier. This also involves investing in a
new e-commerce process. Employers can buy job ads
online more easily and design them themselves using a
new editor


--- Page 29 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

With the acquisition of Appcast, StepStone has also
taken the first step into the field of performance-based
job ads in the American market. Appcast is an
e-recruitment provider for programmatic display of job
advertisements within a partner network across career
and consumer pages, which provides its customers with
candidates for open job positions. The partner network
comprises, according to their own statement, over
10,000 job boards and other websites and enables
Appcast to achieve a wide reach and find the right
candidate for a job position.

StepStone has also expanded its offer to salary infor-
mation with the Salary Planner product by acquiring
gehalt.de. The offer enables StepStone users to find out
more and more information about current salaries and
salary ranges for detailed job profiles in various industries,
which is becoming increasingly important for job search-
es, or to compare the current salary with the respective
profile average. Employers also have access to this sala-
ry data and can e. g. make a market comparison of the
salaries paid in the respective company. Gehalt.de thus
covers employee and employer-specific needs in salary
matters.

The Aviv Group, founded in 2018 (see page 13) also
offers various approaches to jointly develop innovative
products. In 2018, SeLoger introduced an offer that real
estate owners can use to obtain an indicative real estate
valuation online and to contact suitable real estate
agents in the event of a desired sale. This gives agents,
especially in tense real estate markets, the opportunity to
increase their inventory, which is crucial for them to earn
their commissions. The underlying evaluation algorithm
was prepared within the AVIV Group for the introduction
in Belgium and Israel. In this context, the acquisition of
MeilleursAgents in France (see page 26) was an im-
portant step. In addition, work began on developing
backend components that can be shared in the future.

a

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Further development of News Media
Our journalistic products as well, both digital and printed,
were also consistently expanded in the reporting year.

In digital, we continued to invest in product and technol-
ogy in 2019. For example, we have expanded our own
content management system and pushed ahead with
website optimization. The takeover of CeleraOne (see
page 26) made it possible to transfer all processes rele-
vant to the payment processes to the acquired technol-
ogy and platform. Overall, the activities in the area of
payment offers were intensified and the number of sub-
scribers was successfully increased. In addition, there
was a strong focus on expanding the range of moving
images. For example, BILD launched a weekday news
program that can be accessed via Facebook Watch,
among other channels.

Important innovations for the group have also taken
place in the News Media International subsector. upday
has launched a podcast aggregator called earliAudio.
The philosophy is similar to that of the upday news plat-
form: Journalistic curation is combined with machine-
generated recommendations. With earliNews there is
also a news app that can be used outside of Samsung
devices. In 2019, Politico in particular linked the Pro
Intelligence data platform more closely to the journalistic
offering and integrated polling data from European coun-
tries into the offering through the acquisition of Poll of
Poll. In eastern Europe, Ringer Axel Springer Media has
rolled out its cross-border platform “RING” for writing
and publishing journalistic content (content management
system). In Poland, Onet successfully expanded its con-
tent commerce platform, “Moneteasy”, with partners. In
the USA, eMarketer has, among other things, expanded
the personalizability of content.


--- Page 30 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Further development of Marketing Media

In Marketing Media, the online offerings of the existing
investments are being continuously developed. The
development of innovative product functionalities and
marketing technologies to increase reach and use of
offers and their monetization have a high priority for our
investments.

The affiliate marketing platform Awin makes sustained
investments in the development of a SaaS self-service
solution for small and medium-sized corporate custom-
ers, which enables them to independently coordinate
and play out campaigns. This offer is intended to
establish Awin as a technology leader in the market
and reduce the costs of campaign coordination in the
mid term.

The Bonial Group is working to supplement the classic
display of brochures with reach offerings for the advertis-
ers and thus to increase their added value. For this
purpose, tracking and attribution capabilities are being
continuously improved.

Sustainability and social responsibility

For Axel Springer, sustainability means connecting eco-
nomic success with ecologically and socially responsible
action. These three criteria are an integral part of the
corporate strategy. Hence, sustainability is integrated
into the business processes. In 2019, sustainability,
along with empathy, was firmly anchored as an inde-
pendent corporate value alongside the three previous
values of integrity, creativity and entrepreneurship.

42

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

The Sustainability department accompanies respective
activities throughout the company — from measures to
improve resource efficiency to social engagement initia-
tives. This department reports directly to the Chairman
and CEO. With our sustainability strategy, we take re-
sponsibility for present and future generations and se-
cure the basis for long-term business success.

Axel Springer already started publishing environmental
reports in the mid-1990s. Since 2005, we have pub-
lished a sustainability report every two years, most re-
cently for the years 2016/2017, which is based on rec-
ognized standards for sustainability reporting. In order to
better meet the increased requirements for activities in
the area of sustainability in the future and to report even
more focused and transparently based on key figures,
the year 2020 will be used for a fundamental revision of
the strategy and the reporting approach. In this course,
new or even more comprehensive key figures will be
collected. In addition to the Report, additional report
formats are to be examined and introduced.

Separate combined non-financial report

Pursuant to the Section 289b and Section 315b of the
German commercial Code (HGB), both Axel Springer SE
and the Axel Springer Group are obliged to extend the
management report by a non-financial statement and a
non-financial Group statement for the 2019 financial year.
We make use of our option to publish a combined sepa-
rate non-financial report outside the combined manage-
ment report, rather than expanding the combined man-
agement report to include the non-financial statement
and non-financial Group statement. The separate report
is available for download on our website at
go.axelspringer.com/NonfinancialReport.


--- Page 31 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

General assessment of the company’s
financial performance, liquidity, and
financial position by the Executive
Board

The financial year 2019 was from a macroeconomic
view characterized by deteriorating developments and
prospects. In the midst of this environment, our digital
activities have nevertheless maintained organic growth of
4.8 %; revenues were at the prior-year level. At the same
time, we have pursued selective growth initiatives in the
belief that there is still significant growth potential, partic-
ularly in the area of digital classifieds and digital journal-
ism. These steps were again accompanied by acquisi-
tions and an active portfolio management. Thanks to
KKR’s investment and the support of a strategic and
financially strong investor who fully supports the chosen
strategy, we were able to take various measures even
more quickly in the course of the year. This included, for
example, the announcement and implementation of a
restructuring program in the News Media National seg-
ment. Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBIT and adjusted
earnings per share from continuing operations were also
lower than in the prior year due to the related provisions.
Net debt increased, among other things, due to the
acquisitions made. With cash flow still very strong, a
solid balance sheet structure and the cheap financing
options available to us, we are still in a good position to
make the necessary capital expenditures to realize future
growth. The support of a long-term strategic investor
gives us additional confidence that we can approach the
announced growth investments.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Financial performance, liquidity, and financial position

Selected Group Key Figures

{in € millions) 2019 2018
Revenues 3.1121 3,180.7
EBITDA, adjusted” 630.6 737.9
EBITDA margin adjusted” 20.3% 23.2%
EBIT, adjusted” 14.5 527.9
Tax rate 34.7% 41.5%
Net income 134.6 208.4
Net income, adjusted" 268.7 335.7
Earnings per share, adjusted (in €)")?) 2.02 2.73
Dividend per share (in €)? 1.16 2.10
Total dividends 125.2 226.6
Net debtvliquidity’ -1,953.0  -1,249.2
Free cash flow" 214.6 346.9

) Explanations regarding relevant key performance indicators on page 38.
2! Calculation based on average weighted shares outstanding in the reporting period
(107.9 milion; PY: 107.9 million)
91 The dividend for the financial year 2019 is subject to the condition of approval by
the annual sharelders’ meeting,
4 As of December 31, 2019, and December 31, 2018, respectively.


--- Page 32 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Economic position of Axel Springer SE

Economic position of Axel Springer SE

€mi iS 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015
Revenues: 806.8 851.1 823.2 833.1 925.9
Net income 132.7 124.3 271.9 296.4 213.5
Transfer to / withdrawal from retained earnings 75 -102.3 56.1 91.4 19.3
Total dividends") 125.2 226.6 215.8 205.0 194.2
Dividend per share (in €)"’ 1.16 2.10 2.00 1.90 1.80

| The dividend for the financial year 2019 is subject to the condition of approval by the annual shareholders’ meeting.

Introductory remarks

Axel Springer SE is the parent company of the Axel
Springer Group. Due to its subsidiaries, which Axel
Springer SE controls directly or indirectly, the business
developments is subject to the same risks and opportu-
nities as the entire Group. These are presented in the
Report on risks and opportunities (see page 48 et seqq.).
A\so, the anticipations regarding the development of Axel
Springer SE correspond to the essential expectations
described in the forecast report (see page 69 et seqq.).

The following explanations are based on the annual
financial statements of Axel Springer SE, which was
prepared in accordance with the provisions of the
German Commercial Code and the German Stock
Corporation Act. The annual financial statements and
management report are published in the German Federal
Gazette and published on the Axel Springer SE website.

Business activity

Axel Springer SE is operationally active in the News
Media National segment and publishes in particular
national daily and weekly newspapers. In addition, the
operating business activity includes offers from the digital
portfolio of newspapers as well as car, computer and
sports magazines. Furthermore, Axel Springer SE, as the
parent company of the Axel Springer Group, caries out
holding functions, manages group-wide liquidity man-
agement and provides additional services to Group
companies. The general economic conditions of Axel
Springer SE correspond essentially to those of the Group
and are described in the economic report (see page 24
et seqq.).

Financial performance

Income statement (Condensed)

€ millions 2019 2018
Revenues 806.8 851.1
Other operating income 11.2 190.3
Purchased goods and services -204.38  -221.6
Personnel expenses -303.8 -210.0
Amortization, depreciation and impairments

of intangible assets and property, plant and

equipment -78 ~10.0
Other operating expenses -485.5  -467.3
Net income from non-current financial assets 338.1 68.2
Net interest income 42 -22.3
Income taxes -26.0 -54.4
Net income 132.7 124.3

Revenues decreased by € 44.3 million, i.e. 5.2 % in the
reporting year, mainly due to market-related declines in
the print business. Circulation revenues decreased by
€ 19.8 million, i.e. 5.1 % to € 372.0 million, advertising
revenues decreased by € 26.5 million, i.e. 8.5 %

to € 283.8 million. Other revenues remained at the
prior-year level at € 151.0 million.

The other operating income (€ 11.2 million) remained at
€ 179.2 million below the value of the prior year. The
previous year's income included in particular a profit of
€ 148.3 million from the transfer of the Axel Springer
high-rise (main building) in Berlin to Axel Springer
Pensionstreuhand e.V. to further secure pension
obligations.


--- Page 33 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

The purchased goods and services decreased by
€ 17.3 million, ie. 7.8% to € 204.3 million, mainly
due to lower expenses for printing services.

The personnel expenses increased by € 93.8 million, i.e.
44.7 % to € 303.8 million. Higher expenses resulted in
particular from restructuring measures and the valuation
of share-based incentive programs. The average number
of employees fell by 1.4% from 1,341 in the prior year to
1,323 in the reporting year.

The amortization, depreciation and impairments of intan-
gible assets and property, plant and equipment declined
in the reporting year by € 2.2 million to € 7.8 million.

The increase in other operating expenses to

€ 485.5 million (PY: € 467.3 million) resulted in particular
from consulting expenses in connection with the strate-
gic investment of the US affiliate KKR in Axel Springer.

The net income from non-current financial assets

(€ 338.1 million; PY: € 68.2 million) included in particular
the profit transfers from subsidiaries, which amounted to
€ 259.2 million, which is € 47.9 million higher than in the
prior year. The valuation of investments and loans result-
ed in impairments of € 37.7 million (PY: € 177.8 million)
and write-ups of € 106.3 million (PY: € 13.3 million) and
thus led to an overall result that was € 233.1 million
higher than in the prior year.

The net interest income in the reporting year was

€ 4.2 million (PY: € —22.3 million) and mainly comprised
interest expenses from utilized revolving credit facility, the
promissory note loan and short-term commercial paper
issues as well as from the valuation of pension obliga-
tions. The positive development of the net interest in-
come compared to the prior year resulted mainly from
higher income from plan assets to cover pension obliga-
tions.

Combined Management Report
Economic position of Axel Springer SE

Income taxes amounted to € 26.0 million (PY: € 54.1
million). The decrease compared to the previous year is
particularly related to a higher, non-taxable result from
the valuation of financial assets.

The 2019 financial year ended with a net income of
€ 132.7 million (PY: € 124.3 million).

Liquidity

The net debt (liabilities due to banks and promissory
note less cash and cash equivalents) amounted to

€ 1,795.5 million as of December 31, 2019 (December
31, 2018: € 1,097.4 million).

The long-term revolving credit facilities (€ 1,500.0 million),
of which the term was extended by another year in July
2019 to July 2024, had been utilized in the amount of

€ 1,160.5 million as of the reporting date (December

31, 2018: € 453.0 million). Furthermore, there were
liabilities from promissory notes of € 704.5 million
(December 31, 2018: € 704.5 million).

For interest-optimized coverage of short-term capital
requirements, Axel Springer was able to issue certain
forms of short-term bearer bonds (commercial paper)
with a maximum volume of € 750.0 million and a term of
up to one year starting from the prior year. As of the
reporting date, no commercial paper had been issued.


--- Page 34 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Financial position

Balance Sheet (Condensed)

€ millions 12/31/2019 12/31/2018

Intangible assets and property, plant and
equipment 316.6 218.7

Non-current financial assets 6,467.5 5,781.2

Receivables from affliated companies 159.2 124.5
Cash and cash equivalents 729 61.2
Other assets 67.1 49.7
Total assets 7,083.3 6,235.3
Equity 2447.3 2,541.2
Provisions 264.7 168.6

Liabilities due to banks and promissory note 1,868.4 1,158.6

Liabilities to affiliated companies 2,436.9 2,286.1

Other liabilities 66.0 80.8

Total equity and liabilities 7,083.3 6,235.3

The balance sheet total increased by € 848.0 million

to € 7,083.3 million in the reporting year. Non-current
assets amounted to € 6,784.1 million. (December

31, 2018: € 5,999.9 million) and represented 95.8 %
(December 31, 2018: 96.2 %) of total assets. 36.1 % of
total assets (December 31, 2018: 42.4%) were covered
by equity.

The increase in intangible assets and property, plant and
equipment by € 97.9 million to € 316.6 million as of
December 31, 2019 is in particular attributable to the
construction of the new Axel Springer building in Berlin.

Combined Management Report
Economic position of Axel Springer SE

Non-current financial assets increased by € 686.3 million
to € 6,467.5 million in the reporting year. This increase
was mainly due to additional payments in capital
reserves of subsidiaries and loans granted to finance
company acquisitions as well as write-ups in the context
of the valuation of financial assets.

Receivables from affiliated companies (€ 159.2 million;
December 31, 2018: € 124.5 million) and liabilities to
affiliated companies (€ 2,436.9 million; December 31,
2018: € 2,286.1 million) resulted mainly from
Group-wide liquidity management.

The equity as of December 31, 2019 decreased by

€ 93.9 million compared to the prior year’s reporting
date and amounted to € 2,447.3 million (December

31, 2018: € 2,541.2 million). The net income for the
reporting year (€ 132.7 million) only partially compen-
sated for the reduction in equity due to the dividend
payment for the past financial year (€ 226.6 million). The
equity ratio decreased to 34.5 % as of the reporting date
(December 31, 2018: 40.8 %).

The provisions increased compared to the previous
year's reporting date by € 96.1 million to € 264.7 million.
(December 31, 2018: € 168.6 million). The main reason
for the increase was an increase in obligations from
share-based incentive programs and provisions for
restructuring measures.

Liabilities due to banks and promissory note loans in-
creased by € 709.8 million to € 1,868.4 million in the
reporting year. The funds were used in particular for
investments in financial assets and the financing of the
new Axel Springer building.


--- Page 35 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Profit utilization proposal

The Supervisory Board and Executive Board propose
that the company applies the full amount of the distribut-
able profit of € 125.2 million (PY: € 226.6 million) to pay
a dividend of € 1.16 (PY: € 2.10) per qualifying share for
the 2019 financial year.

The company does not currently hold any treasury
shares, so that all the company’s shares qualify for
dividends. However, the number of shares qualifying

for dividends may be reduced in the time remaining
before the annual shareholders’ meeting. In that case, an
adjusted profit utilization proposal will be submitted to
the annual shareholders’ meeting, without changing the
target dividend of € 1.16 per qualifying share.

47

Combined Management Report
Economic position of Axel Springer SE

Dependency report

The Executive Board of Axel Springer SE submitted the
dependency report prescribed by section 312 of the
German Stock Corporations Act (Aktiengesetz — AktG)
to the Supervisory Board and made the following
concluding statement:

“According to the circumstances known to the
management at the time of each transaction with an
affiliated company, Axel Springer SE received adequate
consideration for every such transaction and did not take,
or fail to take, any actions in the reporting period,

either at the behest or in the interest of the controlling
companies or a company affiliated with the controlling
companies.”


--- Page 36 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Report on risks and opportunities

As an internationally operating group, Axel Springer is
exposed to a variety of internal and external influences
that can have a significant effect on the achievement of
our goals. We define risks as the possibility of a negative
deviation of the company's development from our goals,
while opportunities represent the possibility of a deviation
in a positive sense. Based on this, upcoming opportuni-
ties to increase our return and our enterprise value shall
be used whereas risks shall only be taken in case they
seem acceptable and appropriate for the company. Thus,
risks should be limited to a level deemed acceptable by
taking appropriate measures, be transferred to third
parties in full or in part, or, in those cases where risk
mitigation is not considered advisable, be avoided or
monitored closely.

Risk management system

The risk management process is aligned to identify and
assess all material risks and risks that are potentially
existence threatening as early as possible in order to be
able to take appropriate countermeasures. The general
form of structures and processes in the risk manage-
ment system at Axel Springer are based on the interna-
tionally recognized “Enterprise Risk Management
Framework”, a framework developed by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of Treadway Commission
(COSO).

The overall responsibility for an effective risk manage-
ment lies with the Executive Board of Axel Springer SE,
the operational management of the individual risks falls
primarily within the area of responsibility of the respective
company divisions or holdings of Axel Springer. This
includes the early detection, identification and assess-
ment of sector- or company-specific risks, the definition
of suitable measures, their management and control as
well as adequate documentation and reporting.

In addition, the respective divisional and senior manage-
ments of our companies are required to participate

in the regular, systematic and standardized risk surveys.
Significant ad-hoc changes in the risk situation must be
reported to central Corporate Risk Management
immediately.

Central Corporate Risk Management provides overarch-
ing standards, methods and tools, manages both semi-
annual and annual risk surveys and ensures reporting to
the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board and the
Executive Board. It coordinates the risk management
activities at the Group level and plausibility testing of the
reported risks against completeness. In addition, central
Corporate Risk Management continuously develops the
risk management system of Axel Springer.

Risks shall be assessed where appropriate and quantifi-
able on the basis of the parameters “extent of loss”
(impact) and “probability of occurrence”, either quantita-
tively or on the basis of qualitative criteria. A qualitative
assessment of the potential damage is based on criteria
such as operational effects, impact on our reputation or
legal consequences. The risk is assessed taking counter
measures or risk reduction measures into account (net
view). The net risk determined in this way is assessed in
terms of its probability of occurrence. The subsequent
classification of the risks takes place in an ordinal-scaled
risk matrix.


--- Page 37 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Risk Matrix of Axel Springer SE

Risk not relevant to the group
Hl Other risks
) Risks to be monitored

BB Significant risks

IB Existentially threatening
risks

Extent of damage in KEUR (qualitative/quantitative)

21.000 5.000 10.000 20.000

To assess the materiality of the overall risk portfolio,
the risks are categorized as existence threatening,
material, to monitor, other or not relevant to the Group.

The Group auditor examines the risk early warning
system in accordance with Section 91 Para. (2) of the
German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) for its suitability for
early detection of developments that could jeopardize
the continued existence of Axel Springer SE and reports
the results to the Audit Committee of the Supervisory
Board of Axel Springer SE.

Opportunity management system

Axel Springer pursues the goal of sustainably securing
entrepreneurial success. Potential opportunities

arising from positive developments in the course

of business activities should be identified and exploited
at an early stage. As part of the management, strategy
and planning processes, potential internal and external
opportunities are identified and analyzed for the business
units and shareholdings of Axel Springer. External
opportunities arise, for example, as a result of changing

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

market structures or customer requirements; internal
opportunities arise from product innovations or quality
improvements. Basis for the opportunity identification are
e. g. market and competition monitoring, analysis and
regular dialog with experts. In considering the risks
involved, identified opportunities are fundamental to
corporate decision-making and the introduction of
corresponding measures, such as measures regarding
investments in new markets or technologies. The
management of opportunities throughout the Group

is the responsibility of the Executive Board and is
decentralized by the operational divisions and their
management or divisional heads.

Internal audit system

Corporate Audit is organizationally assigned to the
Corporate Audit & Risk Management division, which is
functionally subordinate to the Executive Board and
under the Executive Board member in charge of
Personnel and Finance in disciplinary terms. It is
subdivided into the teams Operational Audit and IT Audit,
which are separated by organization and personnel from
the team Corporate Risk Management.

Corporate Audit provides risk-oriented auditing and
consulting in all Group companies and divisions, aligning
its activities with the relevant national and international
professional standards. In particular, the department has
the task of systematically reviewing the adequacy and
functionality of the internal control and monitoring system
in a risk-oriented manner and, if necessary, to undertake
measures for remedying the weaknesses. In order to
ensure independence, the audit mandate of Corporate
Audit with regard to risk management extends only to
the decentralized components. Central risk management
is regularly subject to an effectiveness review by qualified,
external audit service providers.


--- Page 38 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Corporate Audit monitors the correct and timely
implementation of the agreed measures to eliminate the
identified vulnerabilities based on a systematic process
(follow-up).

The results of individual audit or consultancy mandates
are reported to the Executive Board and periodically
summarized to the Audit Committee of the Supervisory
Board.

To ensure the effectiveness of the internal audit system,
a quality assurance and improvement process is set up,
which includes amongst other things external quality
assessments in accordance with professional guidelines.

Report on the financial reporting related
risk management system and internal
control system

An integral part of the internal monitoring system of

Axel Springer SE is the financial reporting-related risk
management system and the connected internal control
system, which is also based on the COSO framework
(see page 48). The effective interaction of these systems
should ensure the regularity, completeness and reliability
of accounting and financial reporting. The financial re-
porting is therefore intended to ensure that the Group’s
financial reports convey a true and fair view of the finan-
cial position, liquidity, and financial performance of Axel
Springer SE and the Axel Springer Group, in compliance
with all relevant laws, and standards. The financial re-
porting-related risk management and the internal control
system include all organizational regulations and
measures aimed at the detection and management of
risks related to accounting and financial reporting. How-
ever, even an effective and therefore adequate and func-
tional risk management system and internal control sys-
tem does not provide absolute certainty to prevent or
detect any irregularities or inaccuracies.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Key elements of the financial reporting-related risk
management and internal control system are:

™ Processes for identifying, assessing, and document-
ing all significant financial reporting-related processes
and risk areas, as well as the corresponding key
controls.

™@ Process-integrated controls (computer-aided
controls, validation of report data, dual control
principle, separation of functions, analytical controls).

™@ Standardized financial accounting processes, through
the use of an internal, intra-group shared services
center in which a large part of the consolidated Ger-
man Group companies are integrated.

™@ Group-wide requirements for accounting guidelines,
charts of accounts and reporting processes.

@ Quarterly communication of information to all
consolidated Group companies on developments
related to accounting, and the process of preparing
the financial statements.

™@ Assuring the requisite expertise of employees involved
in the financial accounting and financial reporting pro-
cess by means of appropriate selection procedures
and training. Use of external experts, e. g. for pension
accounting and selected valuation tasks.

™ Centralized preparation of the consolidated financial
statements (including management report) using
manual and system-specific controls with regard to
accounting-specific relationships.

™@ Protection of financial reporting-related IT systems.
from unauthorized access by authorization restrictions.

@ Monthly internal Group reports including analysis
and reporting of significant developments and budg-
et/actual variances. Regular, group-wide reporting to
the persons responsible for reporting, the Executive
Board and the Supervisory Board.


--- Page 39 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

The effectiveness of the (Group) accounting-related risk
management system and the internal control system will
be monitored through the process integrated controls.
As a process-independent authority, Corporate Audit will
inspect at regular intervals randomly selected elements
of the financial reporting-related internal control system
set up at central level and in the Group companies, in
order to uncover weaknesses and thus contribute to-
wards improving the legal conformity with rules and
regulations (compliance). In addition, the Audit Commit-
tee of the Supervisory Board monitors the financial
reporting processes and the effectiveness of the
financial reporting-related internal control system and risk
management system.

Risks and opportunities

Unless otherwise stated, risks and opportunities that
could have a significant impact on the achievement of
our corporate goals are explained below. Within the
segments described below, risks and opportunities are
typically presented in the order of their priority for the
Group. In order to avoid repetition and in interest of
readability it was deviated from it, if necessary.

The risks and opportunities indicated at the reporting
date and illustrated below are primarily based on the
2020 forecast period, unless they relate to long-term
objectives.

Market and competition risks

Market and competition risks basically relate to

changes in sales and purchasing conditions as well as
the development of competing suppliers. Since Axel
Springer operates and acquires globally, a large number
of economic factors must be taken into account to
determine market risks. Economic forecasts, above all
for the important sales markets of Germany, Europe and
the USA, serve as overarching indicators for assessing
market and competition risks.

51

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Details of the economic development and growth
assumptions in 2020, especially for our relevant sales
markets, are described in detail in the “Forecast report”
section of the management report. According to details
stipulated there, the following risks may occur.

In 2020, the ongoing trade conflicts and uncertainties
from Brexit could have negative effects on economic
activities in Europe and the markets in which we operate.

These ongoing political tensions can have a not incon-
siderable impact on the business climate and investment
activity in the German core market. In addition, digitiza-
tion and the transformation to low-emission production
pose structural changes for Germany, the short and
long-term consequences of which are difficult to assess.

The development of the general macroeconomic condi-
tions will continue to be critically observed 2020 due to
the identified economic-political risks.

Classifieds Media & Marketing Media

The Classifieds Media and Marketing Media and News
Media segments (see page 13 et seqq.) continue to be
exposed to high market and competitive dynamics,
particularly as a result of digitization, which could lead to
a loss of market share for our business models and thus
to a decline in revenues and earnings. Especially the
competition by the global Internet corporations Google,
Apple, Facebook and Amazon, called GAFA for short, is
steadily increasing. These companies not only pool
specialized knowledge in their groups, but also set the
course worldwide in the course of digitized globalization,
enter new market segments and sometimes compete
with our activities.


--- Page 40 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

New innovative or disruptive business models, missing
(market) trends and new technologies, as well as gener-
ally the lack of further development of our products,
could also potentially jeopardize our existing market
position and lead to lower revenues and earnings.

In order to limit the aforementioned market and competi-
tion risks, a systematic and continuous monitoring of the
relevant market and competitive environment and
emerging trends is carried out. Control measures for
operational management are derived on the basis of this
information. We improve the attractiveness of our busi-
ness models by investing in innovative product develop-
ments and customization and new high-quality services,
the use of new technologies, journalistic competence
and target-oriented marketing. With these measures, we
want to meet the changing needs of our customers while
at the same time maintaining or expanding our competi-
tive edge. The hiring and further development of highly
qualified specialists and the expansion of long-term
customer relationships also reduce risk.

In addition, new business models are continuously being
tested and our product portfolio is constantly being
expanded.

Many of our Classifieds Media and Marketing Media, as
well as News Media (see page 13) offerings continue to
be constantly faced with the risk of a sudden loss of
visibility resulting in particular from the dominance of
large internet search engines. The ever-changing and
sometimes non-transparent criteria of the search algo-
rithms lead to unexpected loss of visibility and can there-
fore have a significant impact on the current and future
revenue situation. Even small increases and decreases in
the visibility or placement on the results pages can lead
to significant traffic loss and a corresponding decline in
traffic-related revenues for certain business models.

52

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

We counter this risk through professional search engine
marketing, the improvement of the online page structure
and the capital expenditures in alternative traffic sources.
At the same time, the focus is on continuously improving
the attractiveness of our offers and increasing the level of
awareness of Axel Springer’s brands and offerings.

Stagnating or declining economic expectations can lead
to a decline in advertisements and the associated reve-
nues for our job portals, as fewer people are in demand
on the job market. The targeted observation of market
indicators and continuous cost discipline enable this
development to be recognized at an early stage and, if
necessary and sensible, appropriate countermeasures to
be taken.

News Media

The ongoing change in reading behavior towards digital
offers continues to lead to a significant drop in revenues
from printed publications, which so far has not been
offset by the proceeds from digital offers. Unpredictable
market developments can further increase the already
factored in decrease due to the structural change. En-
terprises from other industries are entering the market
faster than ever with innovative and disruptive technolo-
gies or business models, posing potential threats to our
existing products and services.

The clear separation of the national publishing activities
in print and digital enables us to react and focus even
more individually to the different market requirements. In
addition, we compensate for the decline in print reve-
nues as far as possible by structural measures that have
already been initiated to reduce our cost base.

In addition, our advertising revenues in the print and
online sectors are exposed to the risk that annual con-
tracts with major media agencies will not be concluded,
or only at a lower volume. The loss of large advertise-
ments and advertising customers due to legal advertising
restrictions or the switch of major retail customers to
other advertising formats such as television, radio or
other online media continue to pose a serious risk.


--- Page 41 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

The priority for all market and competitive risks is to
identify the changing needs of our customers at an early
stage through continuous market analysis and intensive
customer support, and to align our product offerings with
market trends and customer requirements.

Our Digital offerings in the News Media segment, as well
as our Offerings in the Classifieds Media and Marketing
Media section, are at risk of sudden loss of visibility on
Google as well as increasing competition from GAFA

(see also section Classifieds Media and Marketing Media).

In order to counter these risks, we continuously analyze
the market and competition environment and invest in
product development and the development of alternative
sources Of traffic.

The marketing of audiovisual content also confronts risks.

A deterioration of the performance of these offers could
result in the program becoming less attractive to viewers.
This could lead to a decline in revenues and a loss of
relevance as an advertising medium.

Market and competition opportunities

If the global economy develops better than predicted,
this could have a positive impact on our sales perfor-
mance. The deciding factor will be the impact that
regional conflicts and crises will have on our core
markets when the world economy is highly interconnect-
ed. Nonetheless, Axel Springer is in a good position to
capitalize on the opportunities its early investment in
regional and digital growth markets places brings. Even a
negative macroeconomic development can open up
opportunities: This could eliminate competitors from the
market, thereby strengthening our own position. In addi-
tion, it would be possible to acquire companies at ad-
vantageous prices, thus expanding our position in exist-
ing markets and investing in new markets with growth
potential.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

In the area of news media, the consistent realignment of
the media brands BILD and WELT offers great opportu-
nities. In particular, BILD is to become the most attrac-
tive live platform for news, entertainment and sports and,
as Germany's largest media brand, is to expand its mov-
ing image offerings to the TV market. In addition, the
cross-editorial sports competence center can open up
new target groups and business models and thus gener-
ate additional revenues. By editing content, Axel Springer
can also benefit from the growing distrust of the viral
distribution of “fake news” on the large digital platforms.
The secure brand environment and the associated
reputation could thus strengthen the fee-based
journalistic payment offers and generate higher
circulation revenues.

The media market in the USA is still in a state of change.
This gives our journalistic offerings the chance to expand
their market position. Our US subsidiary Insider Inc.
already offers Business Insider, one of the largest web-
sites for business news and analysis in the United States.
It is now represented in 23 countries with its own portals
and offers tailor-made information in real time for the
digital generation. Insider Inc. could thus emerge as one
of the winners of the changes in the media market.

In the Classifieds Media segment, transaction-based
digital real estate platforms are increasingly gaining mar-
ket share and are offering great growth potential. They
combine the expertise of classic agents such as the
personal support of customers on site, with efficiency-
enhancing software solutions and the latest advertising
and communication technologies. The resulting efficiency
advantages mean that professional real estate marketing
can be offered at significantly more favorable terms.

In order to continue to participate in this rapidly growing
business model, we have increased our minority share in
Purplebricks (see page 26).


--- Page 42 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

In addition, through the acquisition of MeilleursAgents
(see page 27) we are expanding the range of our French
real estate portals, developing real estate search and
brokerage, and thus advancing the digitization of the
market. In particular, we can support agents to identify
owners who are willing to sell and thus generate addi-
tional business.

Intelligent matching and recruiting technologies are rap-
idly gaining in importance. The acquisition of Appcast, by
their own account a leading provider of programmatic
job ads in the USA, opens up additional opportunities for
us to participate in this fast-growing market and to con-
tinue our growth strategy by StepStone.

Strategic risks

Significant strategic risks at Axel Springer result primarily
from decisions to invest in new business fields and mod-
els as well as companies that develop differently than
planned over the long term or that cannot assert them-
selves on the market or are displaced by new business
models. Also, a possible insufficient diversification holds
a high-risk potential. Unscheduled write-off in the case of
expected permanent impairment in the context of the
impairment tests to be performed would be the result.
This risk affects activities in all three operating segments.

Overall, however, the business fields and models of our
investments are diverse, so that so-called cluster risks
are limited by means of diversification. There is also
further risk minimization, preventive control measures
such as clear investment criteria, which we use to review
new investments as part of our M&A activities, as well as
active portfolio and investment management, the estab-
lishment and maintenance of a qualified management
level and active and systematic monitoring of business
and market development.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

In addition to the aforementioned risks, the dependency
on strategically significant cooperation partners is also
subject to risks. Active key account management, legal
support in the negotiation and renegotiation of contracts
and continuous monitoring of the business activities of
our cooperation partners contribute to reducing this risk.

Strategic opportunities

In a constantly changing environment, we continue to
develop our company to meet the global and industry-
specific challenges in the future with innovative and
tailored solutions.

Axel Springer's strategy, which aims to further expand
business along the existing core competencies, contin-
ues to offer good opportunities due to the very positive
development of the digital markets. Axel Springer ex-
ploits these developments by strategic capital expendi-
tures in new or future-oriented technologies, entering
into new forms of cooperation, the ongoing digital trans-
formation and monetization of journalistic offerings.

On the one hand, acquiring interests in companies with
promising digital business models in early stage and
growth phases in their lifecycle provides us with the
option of establishing contacts within the industry and to
other founders and investors, and also grants access to
new ideas and business models. On the other hand, this
opens up the possibility of minority investments, which
may also be available to us for a later majority acquisition.
In the event of substantial development of the associate
companies, we can also profit from a significant appreci-
ation in value. We see further growth opportunities in our
international digitization and the associated entry into
new or expanding existing markets.


--- Page 43 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Information security risks

Due to the high degree of integration of information
technologies into business processes and business
models, Axel Springer relies on a high availability of IT
components, to avoid interruption of business with far-
reaching consequences for revenue and reputation.
External factors in the form of cybercrime represent

an increasing risk for the company. Examples of this are
infiltrated malware that prevents access to company
data through encryption (ransomware), targeted overload
attacks (DDoS attacks) and CEO fraud (fraud attempts).

Additional IT risks are classified as important if the confi-
dentiality of information or data integrity can be compro-
mised as a consequence. In consideration of the grow-
ing importance of paid digital content offerings,
programmatic online advertising as well as the European
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) compliant
processing of personal data, the protection against theft
or loss of data is of great importance. For this reason,
targeted measures have been and are being taken to
limit to the greatest possible extent the effects of criminal
acts and the failure of IT components. The risk reduction
measures include e. g. DDoS protection, backup data
centers, vulnerability analysis, use of encryption, network
access control, consolidation and standardization,
search for data leaks and improving of systems. The
stated measures are continuously analyzed and expand-
ed or improved if necessary.

Political and legal risks

The relevance of data protection as well as the social
and political sensitivity to privacy and security gaps in the
digital domain have been steadily increasing for years.

For 2020, there are still risks, particularly from two Euro-
pean laws. On the one hand, this is the European Gen-
eral Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which has been
applied since 2018. In addition to numerous substantive
tightening of data protection (including consent, infor-
mation to those affected, the processing of large
amounts of data in the context of “Big Data” and the
requirements for IT security) brought the GDPR two
fundamental changes, which increase significantly the
risks for data processing companies: There is a corpo-

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

rate accountability under which the data processor must
be able to demonstrate compliance with the GDPR. In
addition, the fines will be drastically increased in case of
breaches. Fines of up to 4% of group-wide annual turn-
over are possible, based on antitrust law. The Berlin
representative for data protection and freedom of infor-
mation recently fined a company from another industry in
the amount of € 14.5 million. With regard to the entry
into force of the GDPR, we already took numerous
measures across the Group in 2017. These include,
among other things, the definition of responsibilities
regarding data protection, the implementation of training
courses and the introduction of a new directive. For the
measures taken by Axel Springer in the area of IT securi-
ty, please refer to the section “Information security risks”.

The second European legislation is the draft of ePrivacy
Regulation. Among other things, this should regulate the
setting of cookies, which is very relevant for Axel Spring-
er and the creation of pseudonyms for user profiles on
the Internet. In contrast to the GDPR, the ePrivacy
Regulation has not yet been decided. Also, a concrete
date of entry into force and any transition periods

are not finalized yet (status: December 2019). Axel
Springer deals with possible consequences and possible
measures at an early stage. This includes internal
projects, such as workshops and the programming of a
so-called “Opt-In-Layer” (OIL), as well as equity stake in
the Transparency & Consent Framework of IAB Europe,
but in a broader sense also participation as a founding
partner in Verimi, a provider for digital identity
management.


--- Page 44 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

In addition, Axel Springer is informed about these devel-
opments at an early stage — also through the associa-
tions representing us. The stakeholders in the publishing
and media industries throughout Europe are making an
effort to explain to political decision-makers the business
models and risks that exist among members, so that
they are properly reflected in the democratic legislative
process. Axel Springer also takes further measures in
relation to changes in the law to identify the changes
relevant to Axel Springer at an early stage and to appro-
priately implement the resulting organizational and legal
requirements as part of a risk-based prioritization.

Nevertheless, the political and legal risks can by no
means be completely ruled out. In view of the continuous
technical development of the digital business models
and a largely new and risk-increasing legal situation and
in the absence of relevant case law, there is often an
unclear legal situation and thus the latent danger of
warnings and possible legal violations.

Specifically, this concerns the regulation of the use of
so-called cookies and similar technologies, in particular
the admissibility of creating user profiles as well as the
integration of advertising networks and “retargeting” in
the areas of web, mobile and app. The obtaining of
consents, so-called “opt-ins” warnings and potential
legal violations bring with it the risk of reputational
damage, particularly to well-known brands of Axel
Springer such as BILD and WELT, alongside direct
legal and commercial consequences.

For Axel Springer, further possible risks and uncertainties
arise from our business activities in Eastern Europe.
These activities are combined in Ringier Axel Springer
Media and form part of the News Media segment. The
political situation in individual countries, especially the
Polish and Hungarian media scene, is decisively influ-
enced by the political influence of the national-
conservative government; currently already on public
media, but also by possible future attempts of influencing
private media. For example, government-influenced
companies could reduce or even stop their advertising
activities in our products, which would lead to a signifi-
cant decline in our advertising revenues. We counter this

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

risk with targeted cost-saving measures and income
security programs.

Political and legal opportunities

In the political and legal environment, the implementation
of the European Copyright Directive into national law
represents a great opportunity for publishers. In 2019,
the European Union had agreed to reform European
copyright law. As a result, license fees may be charged
for the Internet use of publisher content by aggregators
and search engine providers, provided that they are not
“single words” or “very short extracts”. This strengthens
Axel Springer's legal position for its publishing products
in the EU. As a guideline, however, the regulation still
requires the respective implementation in national law in
order to effectively strengthen the protection of intellec-
tual property.

Google, as the market leader among search engine
providers, has so far refused to pay publishers. A revo-
cable free consent currently applies in Germany, which
the publishers have granted Google to use their text
excerpts in the search results. In France, too, Google
recently tried to ask publishers for free licenses after the
European copyright directive had been implemented or
to make them less visible. This is a symbolic example of
how the large platforms, due to their outstanding market
power, are trying to put pressure on their “suppliers” and
partners in order to secure special advantages.

Reputation risks

In addition to the reputation risks mentioned above,
additional secondary risks or secondary effects may arise
in connection with a primary risk. For example, a violation
of law and order can cause high attention and damage
our reputation due to Axel Springer's prominent position
and its contribution to social opinion making. Further
potential reputation risks may arise, for example, from
the violation of journalistic independence if the journalistic
work is endangered due to personal advantage, inade-
quate research, incomplete information or lack of care in
dealing with sources. Violation of country-specific laws
and regulations, as well as non-compliance with equal
treatment and opportunity programs can also damage
reputation.


--- Page 45 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Axel Springer has instituted an advanced sustainability

management program that meets international standards.

In addition to the use of energy-efficient IT equipment (e.
g. computers, printers) and the regularly successful
participation in energy audits, our printers in particular
have optimized energy management, e. g. energy-
efficient ventilation systems for cooling or heating in the
printing premises.

However, if we were to recognize potential environmental
and social conflicts in the procurement of resources too
late, this could damage our image. In order to effectively
minimize this risk, we work closely with experts and
environmental organizations. In addition, we use monitor-
ing measures along the value chain. Our internal and
external communication is characterized by openness
and transparency.

Violations of confidentiality agreements and insider
regulations as well as information that has not been
published correctly in the context of external reporting
can have economic or legal consequences for Axel
Springer. In addition, there is the risk of damage to

the image of the Group or its brands through negative
reporting or campaigns in social media channels, even if
there is no legal violation from a legal perspective.

The indicated reputation risks are counteracted, among
other things, by employee sensitivities through, for
example, eLearning, guidelines and corporate principles
as well as our Code of Conduct, which defines group-
wide standards of conduct.

Furthermore, our International Social Policy, a catalog of
social standards, counteracts potential reputational risks.
The International Social Policy defines the attitude of the
company and others on questions of legal compliance,
the protection of children and young people, dealing with
employees and health and safety.

57

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Personnel risks

The individual skills, professional competences and the
commitment of our employees contribute significantly to
the success of Axel Springer. A significant risk therefore
represents the loss of specialists and executives and the
associated company-specific loss of knowledge and
competence. We counteract this professionally and
actively. One focus of our HR management is the target-
ed and forward-looking development and motivation of
employees through individual training and further educa-
tion measures, regular feedback discussions, attractive
bonus programs, flexible working time models and a
comprehensive offer for better reconciliation of work and
family life. Field-specific measures based on educational
needs analysis also help us to identify individual employ-
ee needs and to minimize the risk of loss of skilled work-
ers. Systematic succession planning and development,
especially in the case of age-related fluctuation, is indis-
pensable. In this way, the transfer of valuable wealth of
experience and company expertise should be guaran-
teed, and the personnel requirements should be covered
in the long term.

In addition, the difficult situation in recruiting junior ex-
ecutives and executives represents a continuously grow-
ing risk. As a result of demographic change and increas-
ing competition in the personnel market, it is becoming
increasingly difficult to attract qualified personnel. With
regard to the continuously increasing digitization of the
Group, IT specialists in particular will continue to be in
greater demand. That is why we have set up an internal
recruiting team that designs HR strategy initiatives and,
for example, pursues the long-term development of a
joint talent pool with a focus on bottleneck and key func-
tions. In addition, professional employer branding, our
social media activities on Facebook and Instagram, and
university marketing with its diverse internal and external
events make an important contribution to setting us
apart from other companies and positioning Axel Spring-
er as an attractive and innovative employer in the rele-
vant target group.


--- Page 46 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Financial risks and risks associated with the use of
financial instruments

Due to the degree of internationalization of Axel Springer,
the Group is exposed to a number of market price risks.
These include, in particular, changes in interest rates
risks and currency risks. These risks are essentially con-
trolled by the Group Finance division on the basis of the
guidelines laid down by the Axel Springer Executive
Board. Derivative financial instruments are used exclu-
sively for hedging purposes. Currency risks are largely
avoided by raising operating costs in the countries in
which we sell our products and services. Residual cur-
rency risks from foreign currency cash flows (transaction
risks) are rather insignificant, as we generate most of our
results in the euro currency area. Currency risks from
open net positions of € 5 million or more per foreign
currency are discussed in a Treasury Committee. Cur-
rency effects arising from the translation of financial
statements denominated in foreign currencies (transla-
tion risk) are recognized directly in the equity item of
comprehensive income. Therefore, Axel Springer gener-
ally does not hedge against such currency risks. The
existing interest rate risk results primarily from financial
assets or liabilities with variable interest rates. However,
this risk is limited due to well-defined financing principles
and regular monitoring of the variable interest compo-
nent, or, if necessary, minimized through the use of
interest rate derivatives.

The liquidity risk is regularly monitored on the basis of
medium-term planning. The completed credit line and
the promissory note loans form a sufficient risk buffer for
unplanned payments.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

The investment of cash and cash equivalents generates
only minor default risks in the Group. In order to counter-
act these risks, investment is made according to prede-
fined criteria that are specified in a Group guideline.

The risks arising from financial instruments and hedging
activities are explained in detail in note (33) of the
explanatory notes to the consolidated financial state-
ments.

Overall, the financial risks are considered to be low.

Other risks

In order to support the cultural change to the leading
digital publisher, work is proceeding at full speed on the
construction of the new building of Axel Springer SE,
which should enable employees to work together more
closely and exchange knowledge more effectively.

The building is nearing final completion, so the risks
particularly concern the flawless, timely handover to the
ultimate owner, a company of the Norwegian state fund
Norges, and then the risks from moving into the building
with more than 3,000 employees. To reduce the afore-
mentioned risks, a corresponding general contractor
agreement was concluded, professional project control-
ling, and reporting structures were established.

Potential risks arising from global climate change have
also been investigated. However, there are currently no
signs that climate change would have a direct impact on
Axel Springer's business models.

Terrorist attacks continue to pose a serious risk to Axel
Springer. We counter this, among others, with increased
security standards, significantly tightened access regula-
tions and controls as well as a detailed education and
training of the safety-relevant group of people. The finan-
cial risk due to possible property damage and business
interruption is covered by appropriate insurance.


--- Page 47 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Operational and other opportunities

The ongoing cultural change at Axel Springer brings
additional opportunities in various areas. Firstly, the
reduction of strict hierarchies and restructuring will
ensure faster reaction and decision-making capacity to
changing market and competitive conditions. On the
other hand, it offers the opportunity to increase Axel
Springer's attractiveness as an employer by offering a
contemporary, modern and increasingly digital work
environment and, in particular, to make our company
more attractive as an employer brand for young profes-
sionals from the start-up environment and other relevant
target groups.

59

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Overall view on the risk and opportunity situation

The overall picture of the risk and opportunity situation of
the Axel Springer Group consists of the individual risks

and opportunities of all risk and opportunity categories of
the consolidated majority interests and the central areas.

The overall risk of the Axel Springer Group increased
slightly compared to the previous year. However, no
risks are currently evident that could endanger the
continued existence of the Axel Springer Group or

that could have a significant impact on the net assets,
earnings and liquidity. This applies to the condition that
there is no significant deterioration of the economy in our
markets and the media industry and, consequently, a
significant deterioration in the financial performance of
the Group. In addition, risk concentrations are reduced
through continuous diversification, internationalization,
optimization of the brand and product portfolio, and
digitization.


--- Page 48 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Forecast report

Anticipated economic environment

General economic environment

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) in its January
2020 outlook expects the global economy to recover
and forecasts global economic growth of 3.3 % in real
terms for 2020. This expresses above all a stronger
growth dynamic in the industrialized countries, which the
IMF attributes to a relaxed monetary policy and an in-
creasing domestic demand. These predictions do not yet
reflect the possible negative effects, which are not yet
precisely quantifiable, which will result for the global
economy as a result of the corona virus that occurred
around the tum of 2019/2020.

The German Institute for Economic Research (DIW) in
fact still sees the German economy in a weak phase. In
2020, however, Germany is likely to grow more strongly
again. The growth rate should then be at 1.2 % adjusted
for price. Rising wages and pensions should lead to an
increase in private consumption of 1.7 % in real terms. In
view of improved business expectations, the DIW ex-
pects higher capacity utilization and consequently an
increase in price-adjusted equipment investments of 2.9%
in 2020. After a weaker growth in foreign demand, eco-
nomic researchers forecast an export growth of 3.0 % in
real terms again in 2020. This is likely to be offset by an
even stronger increase in imports of 3.9 % in real terms.
The DIW expects consumer prices to slightly increase by
1.5% in 2020. Given sustained strong private consump-
tion, companies should at least partially pass on wage
increases to consumers.

The number of persons in employment is expected to
increase by around 160,000 to an annual average of
45.4 million number of people increasing. The un-
employment rate is likely to remain at 5.0 % given the
slowdown in the labor market.

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Anticipated Economic Development (selection)

Change in gross domestic product compared to

prior year (real) 2020
Germany 1.2%
United Kingdom 1.2%
France 1.3%
Central and Eastern Europe 3.6%
USA 1.9%

Source: DIW, December 2019.

According to a forcast by the DIW, the Brexit uncertainty
has been weighing on the UK for so long that it threat-
ens to affect the previously robust domestic expansion
forces. For 2020, the DIW forecasts a further slowdown
in the overall economic expansion to 1.2 % in real terms.

For France, the institute forecasts a real growth rate of 1.3%
in 2020. The unemployment rate should reduce to 8.2 %.
The DIW expects only a modest price increase of 1.3%.

Due to a somewhat weaker external environment,

the DIW expects the economic situation in Central
and Eastern Europe to deteriorate slightly. Private
consumption should continue to have a supportive
effect. Growth in Central and Eastern Europe is forecast
to reach 3.6 % in real terms in 2020.

According to the DIW forecast, a more expansionary
monetary policy will continue to support the US
economy in 2020. The Federal Reserve has reduced its
key interest rates several times since July 2019 in view of
somewhat lower growth prospects and low inflationary
pressure. The growth rate is expected to be 1.9% in real
terms in 2020.


--- Page 49 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Industry environment

According to the current advertising market forecast of
ZenithOptimedia, a worldwide increase of 4.2 % (nominal)
is expected for the year 2020. The shift of advertising
budgets to the internet continues with undiminished
speed. According to ZenithOptimedia's current forecast,
almost half (49.5 %) of global advertising expenditure will
flow into online advertising by the end of 2020.

The forecasts for Germany available to date show a
largely similar picture for the individual media genres.
ZenithOptimedia expects the net advertising market
(marketing revenues net of discounts and agents’ com-
missions) to slightly increase by 0.5 % (nominal) in 2020
in Germany. Companies are currently acting cautiously
as economic uncertainties such as trade conflicts and
Brexit can have a negative impact on the cost structure
of companies. The development of the global advertising
market is therefore below the growth of the general
economic environment, which according to the ifo Insti-
tute should be at a nominal plus of 3.2 % (+1.1 % in real
terms).

ZenithOptimedia is forecasting a decline in net advertis-
ing revenues for newspapers (-6.8 %) and magazines
(-7.6 %) and for linear TV (- 1.5 %). Increases in the
advertising market are expected from Digital (+ 7.7 %),
Outdoor (+ 1.8 %) and Radio (+ 1.0%).

The forecast data continue to reflect the structural
redistribution of advertising expenditure in favor of
digital offers. In 2020, the share of on-line and mobile in
Germany should rise to 40.5 %. This puts Germany
below the global average (49.5 %). ZenithOptimedia
says publishers are unlikely to benefit from the additional
on-line ad revenue. The reason for this is the dominance
of the big tech companies from the USA.

One reason for the rapid growth of digital advertising,
according to ZenithOptimedia, is above all newly created
opportunities for small businesses such as retailers or
restaurants that can place ads themselves on Google
and Facebook. With their self-service tools, the large
platforms have only made the digital advertising market
accessible to these companies. Advertising for small

61

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

businesses thus increases from a low base to a share in
the advertising market that better reflects their actual
contribution to the economy.

Global trends also set the tone for Germany. The growth
of the advertising market is technology-driven, especially
in the growth fields of mobile, on-line video (video), social
media, digital audio advertising and programmatic.
Thanks to the continued proliferation of mobile devices,
technical advances in advertising formats, increased
variety of ad formats, and technical innovations in driving
multi-device campaigns, a further significant increase in
digital advertising investment is expected.

The progressive automation of advertising booking
through programmatic buying platforms is also seen as a
driver for on-line and mobile advertising. In addition, all
media will in future be digital, addressable and thus
programmatic tradable. The challenge for the marketers
will be, on the one hand, to connect their inventory to the
available trading platforms and, on the other hand, to
provide data that will enable advertisers to targeted
consumers more accurately, and thus more effectively.

One of the big trends in the advertising industry is the
use of artificial intelligence for mass communication. Self-
learning technologies predict customer behavior and are
the key to a personalized customer approach.

Since the organic growth is difficult in the print market
and tech companies from the USA dominate in the
growing digital sector, it is expected that the market
should form even more in mergers and partnerships. It
can be assumed that the pace of digital transformation
and the speed of the process of changing in the adver-
tising market will continue to increase. Last but not least,
the ability of companies to adapt and innovate will
determine how successful the companies will be in the
market.


--- Page 50 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

The digital foreign markets in which Axel Springer
engages with its own corporate activities will develop
differently according to the prognosis of ZenithOptimedia
In the on-line market in Western Europe, net advertising
volume will increase by 8.0% to USD 56.0 billion in 2020
based on the assumption of constant exchange rates.
While digital advertising spending in the UK (+6.9 %) is
expected to grow almost as strongly as in Germany, the
USA (+12.4 %) and France (+11.4 %) are expected to
achieve higher growth.

62

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Anticipated digital advertising activity 2020 (selection)

Change in net ad revenues compared to prior year

(nominal) Online
Germany 77%
Central and Eastern Europe 10.3%
USA 12.4%
United Kingdom 6.9%

Source: ZenithOptimedia, Advertising Expenditure Forecast, December 2019.


--- Page 51 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Group

Strategic and organizational orientation

Axel Springer's goal is to become the global market
leader for digital journalism and classified ads. To this
end, we are constantly developing our offerings and
expanding our business organically and, where possible
and reasonable, through targeted acquisitions. Together
with KKR, we want to consistently continue on the
growth path we have embarked on and thereby achieve
long-term growth in company value.

Comparison of forecast with actual performance

The forecast published on March 7, 2019 on the
occasion of the publication of the 2018 Annual Report
for the control-relevant key figures at group and segment
level was partially adjusted several times in the course of
the year

The forecast for the Group and the Classifieds Media
segment was changed for the first time in May 2019. The
reason for this was the sale of the 51 % in the @Leisure
Group announced in May 2019 and completed in June
2019 (see page 26).

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

In June 2019, we again adjusted the forecast at Group
level and in the Classifieds Media segment. The reason
for this was the decision of the Executive Board of
Axel Springer SE to continue to hold on to the capital
expenditures planned for the implementation of its
growth strategy for the 2019 financial year, despite the
fact that, due to the overall economic development,
revenues are becoming weaker than planned, particularly
in the Job Classifieds segment. This and the digital tax
that has meanwhile been adopted in France resulted in
a partial adjustment of the expected revenues and
operating results development for 2019.

In September 2019, the Executive Board has decided on
extensive restructuring measures for the News Media
National division. In particular due to these measures as
well as below-expected revenues development in the
activities in the News Media and Classifieds Media seg-
ments, it was necessary to adjust expectations both at
Group and segment level.

If our forecast refers to the double-digit percentage
range, this refers to the range of at least 10% and at
most 20 % based on the English term “teens”. On the
other hand, “significantly below the prior year” or
“significantly above the prior year” means deviations
from the prior year of more than 20%.


--- Page 52 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Group forecast with adjustments during the year

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

reported

organic

Revenues

March 7, 2019

Low single-digit percentage growth

Low to mid single-digit percentage growth

May 7, 2019

On prior-year level

(no adjustment)

June 12, 2019

Low single-digit percentage decline

Low single-digit percentage growth

September 30, 2019

Low to mid single-digit percentage decline

On prior-year level

Achieved
development 2019

-2.2%

+0.1%

EBITDA, adjusted
March 7, 2019

On prior-year level

Low to mid single-digit percentage growth

May 7, 2019

(no adjustment)

(no adjustment)

June 12, 2019

Mid single-digit percentage decline

On prior-year level

September 30, 2019

Mid teens percentage decline

Low to mid teens percentage decline

Achieved
development 2019

-14.5%

-11.0%

EBIT, adjusted
March 7, 2019

Low single-digit percentage decline

Low single-digit percentage growth

May 7, 2019

Low to mid single-digit percentage decline

(no adjustment)

June 12, 2019

High single-digit percentage decline

Low single-digit percentage decline

September 30, 2019

Significantly below prior-year level

High teens percentage decline to significantly below prior-
year level

Achieved
development 2019

21.5%

- 16.8%

Earnings per share, adjusted

March 7, 2019

Stable to low single-digit percentage decline

Single-digit percentage growth

May 7, 2019

Low single-digit percentage decline

(no adjustment)

June 12, 2019

High single-digit to low double-digit percentage decline

Low to mid single-digit percentage decline

September 30, 2019

Significantly below prior-year level

Significantly below prior-year level

Achieved
development 2019

25.9%

The expectations last adjusted in September 2019 at
Group level were met (reported and organically) in terms
of revenues, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBIT and
adjusted earnings per share.

20.8%


--- Page 53 ---

Annual Report 2019

Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Forecast for the Classifieds Media segment with adjustments during the year

Revenues

reported

organic

March 7, 2019

High single-digit to low double-digit percentage growth

High single-digit to low double-digit percentage growth

May 7, 2019

Mid single-digit percentage growth

(no adjustment)

June 12, 2019

On prior-year level to low single-digit percentage growth

Mid to high single-digit percentage growth

September 30, 2019

On prior-year level to low single-digit percentage decline

Low single-digit percentage growth

Achieved
development 2019

+0.1% +3.0%

EBITDA, adjusted

March 7, 2019 Low to mid single-digit percentage growth Mid single-digit percentage growth

May 7, 2019
June 12, 2019

On prior-year level (no adjustment)

Mid single-digit percentage decline On prior-year level

September 30, 2019

Achieved
development 2019

Mid to high single-digit percentage decline Low to mid single-digit percentage decline

+0.1%

-3.8%

EBIT, adjusted

March 7, 2019 On prior-year level Low to mid single-digit percentage growth

May 7, 2019
June 12, 2019

Low single-digit percentage decline (no adjustment)

High single-digit to low double-digit percentage decline Mid single-digit percentage decline

September 30, 2019

Achieved
development 2019

Low double-digit percentage decline Mid to high single-digit percentage decline

-7.1% -2.8%

Business developments in the Classifieds Media seg-
ment in terms of revenues (reported and organic) and
adjusted EBITDA (reported) was at the upper end of the
expectations last corrected in September 2019. We
were able to exceed the most recently published expec-
tations for both organic development of adjusted EBITDA

and adjusted EBIT (reported and organic). This means
that the extent of the expected reductions was lower
than forecast


--- Page 54 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Forecast for the News Media segment with adjustments during the year

(On May 7, 2019 and June 12, 2019 the forecast for the News Media segment remained unchanged.)

reported

organic

Revenues

March 7, 2019

Low to mid single-digit percentage decline

Low single-digit percentage decline

September 30, 2019

Mid single-digit percentage decline

Mid single-digit percentage decline

Achieved
development 2019

4.4%

-3.9%

EBITDA, adjusted

March 7, 2019

On prior-year level

On prior-year level

September 30, 2019

Significantly below the prior-year level

Significantly below the prior-year level

Achieved
development 2019

- 89.3%

-87.7%

EBIT, adjusted

March 7, 2019

Low single-digit percentage decline

On prior-year level

September 30, 2019

Significantly below the prior-year level

Significantly below the prior-year level

Achieved
development 2019

64.4%

52.4%

In the News Media segment, all expectations adjusted in
September 2019 were met; in terms of organic revenues
development, we were even at the upper edge.


--- Page 55 ---

Annual Report 2019 Combined Management Report
Axel Springer SE Forecast report

Forecast for the Marketing Media segment with adjustments during the year
(On May 7, 2019 and June 12, 2019 the forecast for the Marketing Media segment remained unchanged.)

reported organic

Revenues

March 7, 2019 Low single-digit percentage decline High single-digit percentage growth

September 30, 2019 On prior-year level (no adjustment)

Achieved +0.8% +9.3%

development 2019
EBITDA, adjusted

March 7, 2019 Low to mid single-digit percentage growth High single-digit to low double-digit percentage growth

September 30, 2019 Mid teens percentage growth Significantly above the prior-year level

Achieved +20.3% +26.1%

development 2019
EBIT, adjusted

March 7, 2019 Low single-digit percentage decline High single-digit percentage growth

September 30, 2019 High teens percentage growth Significantly above the prior-year level

Achieved +26.1% +34.4%

development 2019
In the Marketing Media segment, we were able to meet rected in September 2019. The organic development of
the adjusted forecast on the revenues side (reported both indicators in turn confirmed the adjusted expecta-
and organic) and were at the top of the reported reve- tions.

nues trend. Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBIT ex-
ceeded the expectations for the reported values cor-

67


--- Page 56 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Forecast for the Services/Holding segment with adjustments during the year

(On May 7, 2019 and June 12, 2019 the forecast for the Services/Holding segment remained unchanged.)

reported

organic

Revenues

March 7, 2019

Low double-digit percentage decline

Low double-digit percentage decline

September 30, 2019

Mid to high teens percentage decline

Mid to high teens percentage deciin

Achieved
development 2019

-14.4%

14.4%

EBITDA, adjusted
March 7, 2019

Double-digit percentage decline

Double-digit percentage decline

September 30, 2019

Mid teens percentage decline

Mid teens percentage decline

Achieved - 25.5% 25.5%
development 2019

EBIT, adjusted
March 7, 2019 High single-digit to low double-digit percentage deline High single-digit to low double-digit percentage decline

September 30, 2019

(no adjustment)

(no adjustment)

Achieved
development 2019

-15.2%

15.2%

In the Services/Holding segment, revenue development
was at the upper end of the most recently forecast ex-
pectations (reported and organic), whereas the devel-
opments in adjusted EBITDA and in adjusted EBIT failed
to meet the forecasts and were therefore worse than

previously expected. This was caused by additional
unplanned project costs as well as costs in connection
with changes in the Executive Board.


--- Page 57 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Anticipated business developments and financial

performance of the Group

The forecast for the 2020 financial year takes into
account the consolidation effects from the transactions
for the 2019 financial year. Essentially, this involves the
deconsolidation of the @Leisure Gruppe from June 2019,
various acquisitions at StepStone, in particular the acqui-
sition of Appcast from July 2019, and the first-time inclu-
sion of MeilleursAgents in the AVIV Group from October
2019. The new allocation of individual companies within
the segments (see page 14) that is valid from January 1,
2020 was taken into account when preparing the fore-
cast. This results in the following, adjusted base values
for the segments in the 2019 financial year:

Adjusted base values 2019

EBITDA, EBIT,
€ millions Revenues adjusted adjusted
Classifieds Media 4,214.2 466.7 375.8
News Media 1,761.6 210.5 99.9
Marketing Media 129.6 35.6 23.6
Services/Holding 67 -82.1 -84.7

For the 2020 financial year, we expect the revenues of
the Group to be on the prior-year level. For the adjusted
EBITDA, we expect a decrease in the low to mid dou-
ble-digit percentage range due to increased investments
in future growth. For adjusted EBIT we expect a signifi-
cant decline compared to the prior year due to higher
depreciation, amortization and impairment.

69

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Anticipated business developments and financial
performance of the segments

Revenues in the Classifieds Media segment are ex-
pected to show growth in the low to mid single-digit
percentage range. Consolidation effects, in particular
from the initial consolidation of Appcast from July 2019
and MeilleursAgents from October 2019, are primarily
opposed to the deconsolidation effect due to the sale of
the @Leisure Group from June 2019. Adjusted EBITDA
is expected to decline in the high double-digit percent-
age range due to increased investments in future growth.
With regard to adjusted EBIT, we expect earnings to be
significantly lower than in the prior year due to increased
amortization, depreciation and impairments.

In the News Media segment, we expect revenues to
decrease in the low single-digit percentage range for the
financial year 2020, mainly due to market conditions. We
expect the adjusted EBITDA to be at the prior-year level,
whereas we expect EBIT to decrease in the mid single-
digit percentage range due to increased amortization,
depreciation and impairments.

In the Marketing Media segment, we expect revenues.
to increase in the low to mid single-digit percentage
range. We expect adjusted EBITDA to be on the prior-
year level. We expect adjusted EBIT to decline in the low
single-digit percentage range.

For the Services/Holding segment we expect a de-
crease in revenues in the high single-digit percentage
range. We expect adjusted EBITDA to be on the prior-
year level. We expect adjusted EBIT to increase
(improvement) in the mid single-digit percentage range.


--- Page 58 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Anticipated liquidity and financial position

With regard to liquidity and financial position,
investments in property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets are expected to be at the prior-year
level. Investments in the new building in Berlin continue
to play a role here, albeit at a lower level than in the
previous year. The sale of the new building is expected
to be completed during 2020. Without the investments.
for the new building, the investments are expected to be
significantly higher than in the previous year. Financing
comes from operating cash flow.

Dividend policy

Regarding the future dividend proposals to the Annual
General Meeting, the state of the implementation of the
intended growth strategy and the financial means
required in this aspect will be taken into account.

Anticipated development of the workforce

The average number of employees in the Group in
2020 is expected to be higher than in the previous year.
The main reason for this is, in particular, the acquisition-
related as well as organically determined employee
buildup in the course of the further transformation of the
company.

70

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Planning asumptions

We plan the future development of the financial per-
formance, liquidity, and financial position on the basis of
assumptions that are plausible and sufficiently probable
from today’s perspective. However, actual developments
could possibly be much different from the assumptions
applied and thus from the business plans and trend
forecasts prepared on the basis of those assumptions.

In particular, the forecast is based on the assumption
that there is no significant deterioration in our stated
expectations with regard to the economic environment
and that the actual exchange rates do not differ
significantly from the forecast exchange rates used.

The forecasts for revenues, adjusted EBITDA and ad-
justed EBIT include the expected effects from known
acquisitions and divestments (see above) and planned
restructuring expenses when preparing the annual
financial statements.


--- Page 59 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Disclosure and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

Disclosure and explanatory report of the
Executive Board pursuant to takeover law

As a listed company whose shares are listed on an or-
ganized market pursuant to Section 2 (7) of the German
Securities Trading Act, Axel Springer SE is required to
include in the management report and group manage-
ment report the information pursuant to Sections 289a
(1), 315a (1) of the German Commercial Code (HGB). In
addition to the information required by law, the following
section also contains the explanatory report of the
Executive Board in accordance with the section 176 (1)
sentence 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act in
connection with Section 9 (1) lit. c) ii) SE-VO.

Composition of subscribed capital

As of December 31, 2019, the subscribed capital of the
company was € 107,895,31 1.00 and is divided into
107,895,311 registered shares. The shares may only be
transferred with the company's consent (so-called regis-
tered shares with restricted transferability, see below).

Different classes of shares do not exist. All shares have
the same rights and obligations. Each share grants one
vote at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and is decisive
for the share of the shareholders in the profits of the
company. This does not apply to treasury shares held by
the company (see page 76), from which the company
has no rights (see Sect. 71b of the German Stock
Corporation Act).

Restrictions on voting rights or the
transfer of shares

Pursuant to Section 5 (3) of the Articles of Association of
the Company, the shares and the subscription rights to
shares in Axel Springer SE may only be transferred with
the consent of the Company. Such consent must be
granted by the Executive Board, although internally, it is
the Supervisory Board that decides on the resolution to
grant such consent. The consent can be refused accord-
ing to the statute without giving reasons. However, the
company does not arbitrarily refuse to approve the trans-
fer of the shares.

71

According to the knowledge of the Company's Executive
Board, transfer restrictions under the law of obligations
arise from the following agreements

@ On July 31/August 4, 2006, a share transfer re-
striction agreement was concluded between Dr. Ma-
thias Ddpfner, Brilliant 310. GmbH, Axel Springer AG
and M.M. Warburg; Co. KGaA. Under this share
transfer restriction agreement, the direct and indirect
purchase or disposal of the shares of Axel Spring-
er SE by Brilliant 310. GmbH or by Dr. Mathias Dé-
pfner are made contingent to the prior consent of Axel
Springer SE in accordance with the Articles of Asso-
ciation of the Company.

™@ The transfer restrictions that still existed previously
(minimum holding period) in connection with the share
participation programs for employees of Axel Springer
implemented in the 2015, 2017, 2018 and 2019
financial years were canceled in the reporting year.

™@ Under the virtual Executive Board stock option plan
2018, Dr. Stephanie Caspar is obliged to make a per-
sonal investment in shares of Axel Springer SE. These
shares are not subject to any restrictions on disposal,
but any disposition of these shares would cause the
corresponding virtual stock option rights to lapse
without replacement or compensation (for the virtual
Executive Board Stock Option Plan 2018 see page
90).

™@ Further, persons performing managerial duties at Axel
Springer SE within the meaning of the European Mar-
ket Abuse Regulation (MAR) must comply with the
closed periods established by Article 19 (11) MAR
(trade prohibitions); Based on these statutory lock-up
periods, the Company has developed further guide-
lines for trading in shares of Axel Springer SE, which
should be followed by executive bodies and persons
of senior management.

™@ By virtue of a declaration dated August 14, 2012,
Dr. Mathias Dépfner acceded to a pool agreement
(Pool Agreement) concluded between Dr. h.c. Friede
Springer and Friede Springer GmbH & Co. KG, in re-


--- Page 60 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

spect of the 1,978,800 shares of Axel Springer SE
that were given to him as a present by Dr. h.c. Friede
Springer on the same date.

On December 17, 2019, the pool agreement was
updated by means of an agreement between Dr. h.c.
Friede Springer, the Axel Springer Gesellschaft fiir
Publizistik GmbH; Co, Friede Springer GmbH; Co. KG,
Dr. Mathias Dépfner and Epiktet GmbH; Co. KG. The
Axel Springer Gesellschaft fiir Publizistik GmbH; Co
and Epiktet GmbH; Co. KG have joined the pool
agreement. Dr. h.c. Friede Springer and Dr. Mathias
Dopfner have joined the pool agreement with their
shares that have not yet been pool-linked. Dr. Mathias
Dopfner thereby also declares accession with the
shares of Axel Springer SE currently held by Brilliant
310. GmbH. All shares currently held directly and indi-
rectly by the pool members (49,036,081 shares) are
pool-linked. The purchase right of pool members that
previously existed under the pooling agreement has
been abolished with regard to the rights of first offer
and joint sale rights under the Letter Agreement and
the shareholder agreement (see below).

On June 12, 2019, Dr. h.c. Friede Springer and Dr.
Mathias Dopfner (acting for themselves and where
relevant, for the companies controlled by them, the
Axel Springer Gesellschaft fiir Publizistik GmbH & Co,
Friede Springer GmbH & Co. KG and Epiktet GmbH &
Co. KG (these companies together the Existing
Shareholder Companies)) have concluded a so-called
Letter Agreement with Traviata II S.a rl and Traviata
B.V. (Traviata Il S.a rl. and Traviata B.V. together the
Investor). As part of this Letter Agreement, the exist-
ing shareholder companies and the investor have,
subject to the completion of one offer of Traviata II S.a
rl. to acquire all outstanding shares of Axel Spring-
er SE (takeover offer) undertake an obligation, among
other things, not to sell any shares in the company to
third parties until five years after the completion of the
takeover offer (holding period). After the holding peri-
od, both the Investor and the Existing Shareholder
Companies have a so-called privileged purchase right
(rights of first offer) and a co-sale right (tag-along
rights), each in favor of Dr. h.c. Friede Springer and

72

Combined Management Report
Disclosure and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

Dr. Mathias Dépfner, the Existing Shareholder
Companies or the Investor. The takeover bid by
Traviata Il S.a r.l. was completed on December
18, 2019.

@ On June 12, 2019, Axel Springer SE, the Investor and
the Existing Shareholder Companies concluded an in-
vestor agreement (Investor Agreement). In accord-
ance with the provision in the Letter Agreement men-
tioned above, the Investor Agreement stipulates,
among other things, that the Investor and the Existing
Shareholder Companies do not intend, subject to the
completion of the takeover offer, to sell any Axel
Springer shares to third parties within the holding pe-
riod.

In a letter dated August 16, 2019, Axel Sven Springer
and Ariane Melanie Springer committed to the
Investor with part of shares in their possession, to
accept the takeover offer of the Traviata II S.a r.l. with-
in the further acceptance period and to refrain from
selling the shares of Axel Springer SE still held by
them to any third party before March 31, 2020. The
investor has offered to buy these shares. In addition,
Axel Sven Springer and Ariane Melanie Springer have
granted the investor a right of first refusal on the
shares of Axel Springer SE they hold, provided that
the takeover offer is completed.

On December 18, 2019, the existing shareholder
companies entered into a shareholder agreement
(Shareholder Agreement) with the Investor, which
replaces or supplements the Letter Agreement of
June 12, 2019. The parties have undertaken not to
sell the shares they hold to third parties without their
consent until five years after the completion of the
takeover offer. After the holding period expired, the
parties granted themselves rights of first offer and
tag-along rights.


--- Page 61 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

®@ Also, on December 18, 2019, Dr. h.c. Friede Springer
and Dr. Mathias Dépfner entered into an agreement
on shareholder commitments (Agreement On Share-
holder Commitments) with KKR European Fund V
(USD) SCSp, which indirectly controls the Investor. It
was agreed that the transfer restrictions for shares in
the company, as provided for in the Shareholder
Agreement, should also be considered in relation to
such (direct or indirect) transfers of the shares of Axel
Springer SE not covered by the Shareholder Agree-
ment, as stipulated by the respective Party itself or
other companies controlled by it as well as the Friede
Springer Stiftung.

™@ In addition, shares in Axel Springer SE acquired by
Brilliant 310. GmbH and Dr. Mathias Dépfner were
pledged to a credit institution.

™ Furthermore, shares in Axel Springer SE were
pledged by Traviata B.V., Amsterdam, Netherlands,
in favor of Lucid Trustee Services Limited, London,
United Kingdom, a security service provider engaged
by credit institutions.

To the best of the knowledge of the
company's Executive Board, voting right
restrictions result from the following
agreements:

® According to the Letter Agreement and Shareholder

Agreement mentioned above, the Investor and Dr. h.c.

Friede Springer and Dr. Mathias Dépfner subject to
the completion of the takeover offer, undertake the
obligation to coordinate their actions in relation to
Axel Springer SE and its corporate focus, including
the exercise of voting rights from the shares they hold.
In particular, this includes a uniform voting policy of
the Existing Shareholder Companies on the one hand
and the Investor on the other. The joint coordination
of the behavior of the existing shareholder companies
and the investor in relation to Axel Springer SE takes
place in a Shareholders' Committee.

73

Combined Management Report
Disclosure and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

The Shareholders’ Committee consists of six mem-
bers. Three members are appointed by the Investor
and three members by the Existing Shareholder
Companies. As a principle, the resolutions in the
Shareholders' Committee are passed by a simple ma-
jority, whereby in the event of a deadlock the Chair-
man has the right to cast a vote. The Chairman will be
determined by Friede Springer GmbH & Co. KG

until further notice. A unanimous decision in the
Shareholders' Committee is required in certain
matters.

The parties to the Shareholder Agreement also
agreed the nomination rights for members of the
currently nine-member Supervisory Board of Axel
Springer SE based on the relative ownership structure
between the Investor and the Existing Shareholder
Companies. According to this, the Investor and the
Existing Shareholder Companies shall currently
appoint four Supervisory Board members each.

The ninth member of the Supervisory Board is the
Chairman of the Supervisory Board. Friede Springer
GmbH & Co. KG is entitled to name any successors
to the Chairman of the Supervisory Board.

™@ Subject to the completion of the takeover offer,

it was agreed in the above-mentioned Investor
Agreement that the Investor and the Existing
Shareholder Companies shall ensure that all rights
and influence of Traviata II S.a r.I. on the one the hand
and the Existing Shareholder Companies on the other
hand can only be exercised uniformly towards Axel
Springer SE.

™@ In the aforementioned Agreement on Shareholder

Commitments, Dr. h.c. Friede Springer and Dr.
Mathias Dopfner have undertaken the obligation to
exercise the rights from the shares held by them
(directly or indirectly), which are not already covered
by the shareholder agreement in any way, in
accordance with the provisions of the Shareholder
Agreement or to ensure appropriate behavior in
relation to a future legal successor.


--- Page 62 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

@ Under the current rules of the pool contract the voting
rights and other rights arising from the pooled shares
in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Axel Spring-
er SE are to be exercised in accordance with the re-
spective resolutions of the pool members, irrespective
of whether and how the relevant Pool member was
voting on the pool. The voting rights of the pool
members in the pool meeting are based on their vot-
ing rights at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Axel
Springer SE, calculated on the basis of the respective
number of voting pool-linked shares. On the basis of
the aforementioned agreement of December 17, 2019,
the provisions for pool shares with regard to exercis-
ing voting rights at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting
of Axel Springer SE apply accordingly to the exercise
of rights and obligations under the investor agreement,
the letter agreement, the shareholders’ committee
and under the shareholder agreement and the
agreement on shareholder commitments. Provided
that the voting behavior at the Annual Shareholders’
Meeting is regulated under these agreements, these
regulations take precedence over the pool contract.
The pool members will always vote uniformly with the
pool-linked shares.

Furthermore, restrictions on voting rights may exist in
accordance with the provisions of the German Stock
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz “AktG”), for example pur-
suant to Section 136 AktG and capital market regula-
tions, in particular pursuant to Sections 33 ff. of the
Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz -
WpHC).

Shareholdings that represent more than
10 % of voting rights

At the end of the 2019 financial year, according to voting
rights notifications as of December 31, 2019 that were
received pursuant to sections 33, 34 WpHG the follow-
ing direct and indirect holdings in the capital of Axel
Springer SE that exceeded the 10 % threshold of voting
rights existed:

74

Combined Management Report
Disclosure and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

Dr. h.c. Friede Springer, Berlin, Germany (indirect), Axel
Springer Gesellschaft fiir Publizistik GmbH; Co, Berlin,
Germany (direct), Friede Springer GmbH; Co. KG, Berlin,
Germany (indirect), Dr. Mathias Dépfner, Berlin, Germany
(indirect), Epiktet GmbH; Co. KG, Hohen Neuendorf,
Germany (indirect), KKR Management LLP (formerly
under the company KKR Management LLC), Wilmington,
Delaware, USA (indirect), KKR SP Limited, Georgetown,
Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands (indirect), Traviata II S.a
r.|., Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (indirect)
and Traviata B.V., Amsterdam, Netherlands (direct).

Information on the amount of the aforementioned share-
holdings in the Company can be found in statements on
the voting rights notifications in the Notes to the Financial
Statements 2019 of Axel Springer SE, see
go.axelspringer.com/financialpublications, as well as in
the section “Voting Rights Announcements” on the
Company's website at go.axelspringer.com/votingrights.

Shares with special rights that confer
powers of control

Shares endowed with special rights conferring control
powers have not been issued.

Manner of controlling voting rights
when employees hold shares in the
company's capital

As part of the bonus share and share participation pro-
gram for the year 2009 and the stock participation plans
for the years 2011 to 2015, as well as 2017, 2018 and
2019, Deutsche Bank AG is initially entered into the
share register as the third-party holder of shares trans-
ferred to employees and in 2019 financial year for the
employees from abroad Computershare Inverstor
Services PLC is entered. However, each employee

is free to be registered as a shareholder in the share
register.


--- Page 63 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

Statutory provisions and provisions of
the Articles of Association pertaining to
the appointment and dismissal of
Executive Board members and
amendments to the Articles of
Association

The Executive Board of Axel Springer SE consists of at
least two persons according to the Articles of Associa-
tion of the Company. The Supervisory Board decides on
the number of Executive Board members, and on the
appointment and dismissal of Executive Board members.
Pursuant to Section 8 (2) sentence 1 of the Articles of
Association in connection with Section 46 (1) SE-VO, the
members of the Executive Board are appointed for a
maximum period of five years; reappointments are al-
lowed. If several persons are appointed as members of
the Executive Board, the Supervisory Board may appoint
amember as Chairman of the Executive Board

(Section 8 (3) sentence 2 of the Articles of Association). If
a required member of the Executive Board is absent, the
court has to appoint a member in urgent cases at the
request of one involved party (Section 9 (1) lit. c) ii)
SE-VO in connection with Section 85 (1) sentence 1
AktG). The Supervisory Board may revoke the appoint-
ment as a member of the Executive Board and the ap-
pointment as Chairman of the Executive Board if there is
an important reason (see in detail Section 39 (2)
sentence 1, Section 9 (1) lit. c) ii) SE-VO, Section 84 (3)
sentences 1 and 2 AktG).

Insofar as mandatory statutory provisions or provisions
of the Articles of Association do not require a greater
majority, amendments to the Articles of Association are
made by a resolution of the Annual Shareholders’
Meeting by a majority of two-thirds of the votes cast or, if
at least half of the share capital is represented, by a
simple majority of the votes cast (cf. Section 21 (2)
sentence 2 of the Articles of Association in connection
with Section 51 sentence 1 SEAG, Section 59 (1) and (2)
SE-VO). The latter does not apply to an amendment
changing the business object and purpose of the com-
pany, or to a resolution regarding the relocation of the

75

Combined Management Report
Disclosure and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

registered head office of the SE to another member state
pursuant to Section 8 (6) SE-VO as well as cases that
prescribe a higher majority stake (see Section 51 (2)
SEAG, Section 59 (1) and 2 SE-VO). An amendment to
the corporate governance principles laid down in

Section 3 of the Articles of Association requires a
majority of at least four-fifths of the votes cast (see
Section 21 (3) of the Articles of Association).

The Supervisory Board is authorized to adopt amend-
ments to the Articles of Association which only affect the
wording (Section 13 of the Articles of Association).

Authority of the Executive Board to issue
or buy back shares

The Executive Board is authorized, pursuant to Section 5
(4) of the Articles of Association and based on the reso-
lution of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of April

18, 2018 (Agenda Item 14) to increase the capital stock
by April 17, 2023, subject to approval of the Supervisory
Board, by issuing new registered no-par value shares
against contributions in cash and/or in kind (including
mixed contributions in kind) on one or more occasions
by a total of up to € 10,500,000.00 (authorized capital).
In principle, the shareholders must be granted a sub-
scription right. However, the Executive Board is author-
ized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to
exclude the subscription rights of the shareholders in
certain cases.

By resolution of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on
April 18, 2018 (Agenda Item 7), the Executive Board was
authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board,
until April 17, 2023 to acquire treasury shares of up to
10% of the share capital existing at the time of the reso-
lution, by revoking the corresponding previous authoriza-
tion given by the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on

April 16, 2014. Acquisition must only take place on the
stock exchange or via a public offer directed to all share-
holders or a public invitation to submit an offer to buy.
Along with the shares held by the company or attributa-
ble to the company in accordance with Section 5 SE-VO
in connection with Section 71a ff. of German stock Cor-
poration Act, the shares acquired on the basis of the


--- Page 64 ---

Annual Report 2019
Axel Springer SE

above authorization may at no time exceed 10% of the
share capital of the Company. Details concerning this
authorization are provided in the invitation to the Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting of April 18, 2018, which is availa-
ble on the website of Axel Springer SE (see Agenda Item
7 and the Executive Board’s report on this subject).

The company held no treasury shares at the end of
the 2019 financial year.

There is no contingent capital at Axel Springer SE

Significant agreements of the company
subject to the condition of a change of
control resulting from a takeover offer

With the exception of regulations in the promissory notes
and consortium loans stated in the following, as well as
contractually entitled cancellation rights for Executive
Board members in case of a change of control (see the
right column and page 91 of this Annual Report), the
company has not concluded any major agreements that
would take effect in the event of a change of control due
to a takeover.

The company has placed promissory notes on the capi-
tal market since April 2012. Currently, the promissory
notes have a total volume of € 704,500,000.00. The
lender may demand, in the event of a change of control,
that the claim held can be partially or fully paid back early
within a 90 days period.

Achange of control within the meaning of the promissory
note loans occurs - subject to individual, more precisely
defined exceptions that are to Dr. h.c. Friede Springer
and her former co-partners in the Axel Springer
Gesellschaft flr Publizistik & Co - if one person alone or
several persons acting jointly holds more than 50 % of
the share capital of Axel Springer SE or the voting rights.

76

Combined Management Report
Disclosure and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

With regard to the syndicated loans renegotiated in May
2018 and totaling € 1,500,000,000.00, the lenders are
also entitled to terminate the loan in the event of a
change of control with a term of 30 days following the
receipt of such knowledge. Aside from specific excep-
tions that relate to Dr. h.c. Friede Springer and her
former co-partners in the Axel Springer Gesellschaft flir
Publizistik & Co, a change of control is understood to
mean the acquisition of shares of Axel Springer SE
representing more than 50 % of voting rights by one or
more parties acting together.

Indemnification agreements between the
company and the Executive Board
members or employees in the event of a
change of control

Some Executive Board members have the right to termi-
nate their employment contracts in the event of a change
of control. A change of control within the meaning of
these contracts exists if the majority shareholder Dr. h.c.
Friede Springer no longer - directly or indirectly - should
hold or control the majority of shares. In such a case, the
members of the Executive Board concerned are entitled
to payment of their base salary for the most recently
agreed remaining contractual term or a severance pay-
ment in the amount of the total remuneration for the
duration of the most recently agreed contractual term or
the original remaining term (some of the entitled Execu-
tive Board members are entitled to payment of at least
one year's base salary); the above payments are regular-
ly limited in amount. In addition, the company pays the
performance-related remuneration pro rata temporis for
the period of the activity in the year of departure. Other
remuneration does not exist for the service contracts of
members of the Executive Board in the event of termina-
tion of employment due to a change of control.
Corresponding compensation agreements with other
employees of the company do not exist.
