Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 24
1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure

Combined Management
Report

of the Bayer Group and Bayer AG as of December 31, 2019

7, Fundamental Information
About the Group

1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure

Addressing some of society’s major challenges with the help of
innovation

Comprehensive reorganization of the Group launched to improve
efficiency

1.1.1 Corporate Profile

“Health for all, hunger for none” — putting an end to hunger and helping everyone lead a healthy
life, while at the same protecting ecosystems. That’s what we aspire to achieve, guided by our
corporate purpose “Science for a better life.” The major issues of our time can only be addressed
if we work together. Our campaigns #voranbringen in Germany and “This is why we science” in
the United States underscore our approach. We are a life science company and a global leader in
health care and nutrition. Our innovative products support efforts to overcome the major
challenges presented by a growing and aging global population. We help prevent, alleviate and
treat diseases. We also aim to ensure the world has a reliable supply of high-quality food, feed
and plant-based raw materials. As part of this endeavor, the responsible use of natural resources
is always a top priority.

We aim to enhance our company’s earning power and create value for customers, patients,
shareholders, employees and society. Growth and sustainability are integral parts of our strategy,
guided by our corporate values of Leadership, Integrity, Flexibility and Efficiency, or LIFE for short.
This culture ensures a common identity throughout the Bayer Group.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure

1.1.2 Corporate Structure

Corporate structure as of December 31, 2019

As the parent company of the Bayer Group, Bayer AG - represented by its Board of Management
— performs the principal management functions for the entire enterprise. This mainly comprises
the Group’s strategic alignment, resource allocation, and the management of financial affairs and
managerial staff, along with the management of the Group-wide operational business of the Crop
Science, Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health divisions. The supporting functions (enabling
functions) support the operational business.

The portfolio and structural measures announced in late 2018 led to the following changes in the
corporate structure:

// The sale of our Animal Health business unit was agreed in August 2019. As a result, it no
longer constitutes a reportable segment and has been accounted for retroactively for 2018 and
2019 as a discontinued operation. We expect the sale to close in mid-2020.

// The service company Currenta, which operates the Chempark sites in Leverkusen, Dormagen
and Krefeld-Uerdingen, is no longer part of the Bayer Group after the sale of our majority stake
closed in November 2019. Currenta’s business activities are reported retroactively for 2018 and
2019 under discontinued operations.

// The services previously performed by Business Services are gradually being transferred to the
enabling functions and divisions as part of the Group restructuring.

In addition, we are adjusting the structure of our enabling functions to create an organization

and an infrastructure that provide optimum support for the business. The steps taken in 2019 to
achieve this included combining the Accounting & Taxes and Finance functions to form the
enabling function Group Finance. The activities of other functions, such as Corporate Technology
& Manufacturing and Corporate Supply Chain Management, are either being dissolved or are
transferring to the divisions or other enabling functions. We will continue the planned adjustments
in 2020. For example, we will combine the Internal Audit and Risk Management functions to form
the enabling function Internal Audit and Risk Management.

From the start of 2020 we have also simplified the value flows and aligned them to our structural
changes and our steering logic. The costs of the enabling functions are now allocated to the
income statements of the divisions either directly or using a reduced number of allocation keys
that are standardized across the Group. Further details and effects of these adjustments on our
key financial data are given in A 3.1.2 Corporate Outlook.

The Supervisory Board of Bayer AG resolved in September 2019 to reduce the size of the

company’s Board of Management from seven to five members effective January 1, 2020, as part
of the efficiency program. Responsibilities within the Board of Management have been reassigned.

A1.1.2/1

Bayer Group Structure in 2019

Board of Management
Pharmaceuticals Consumer Health

Enabling functions

/*
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 26
1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure

Crop Science is the world’s leading agriculture enterprise, with businesses in crop protection

and seeds. We offer a broad portfolio of high-value seeds, improved plant traits, innovative
chemical and biological crop protection products, digital solutions and extensive customer service
for sustainable agriculture. We market these products primarily via wholesalers and retailers

or directly to farmers. In addition, we market pest and weed control products and services to
professional users outside the agriculture industry. Most of our crop protection products are
manufactured at the division’s own production sites. Numerous decentralized formulation and
filling sites enable the company to quickly react to the needs of local markets. The breeding,
propagation, production and/or processing of seeds, including seed dressing, takes place at
locations close to our customers, either at our own facilities or under contract.

Pharmaceuticals concentrates on prescription products, especially for cardiology and women’s
health care, and on specialty therapeutics focused on the areas of oncology, hematology and
ophthalmology. The division also comprises the radiology business, which markets diagnostic
imaging equipment together with the necessary contrast agents. Our portfolio includes a range
of key products that are among the world’s leading pharmaceuticals for their indications. The
prescription products of our Pharmaceuticals Division are primarily distributed through
wholesalers, pharmacies and hospitals.

Consumer Health is a leading supplier of nonprescription (OTC = over-the-counter) medicines,

nutritional supplements, medicated skincare products and other self-care solutions in the

categories of pain, cardiovascular risk prevention, dermatology, nutritional supplements, digestive

health, allergy, and cough and cold. The products are generally sold by pharmacies and pharmacy B

chains, supermarket and drugstore chains, and online retailers. In 2019, we completely divested See also A 2.1.3
our sun care, foot care and prescription dermatology businesses.

The enabling functions serve as Group-wide competence centers and provide business support
services.
Bayer Annual Report 2019

A Combined Management Report 27
1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure

More information on the divisions’ products and activities is contained in the following table:

A 1.1.2/2

Products and Activities of the Divisions

Indication / Application/ Business

Crop Science

Core activities and markets

Main products and brands'

Herbicides

Chemical crop protection products to
control weeds

Roundup™, Adengo™, Alion™, Corvus™,
Atlantis™

Corn Seed & Traits

Seeds and traits for corn

Dekalo™, SmartStax™ RIB Complete, VT Double™
PRO, VT Triple™ PRO

Soybean Seed & Traits

Seeds and traits for soybeans

Asgrow™, Intacta RR2PRO™, Roundup Ready 2
Xtend™, Roundup Ready 2 Yield™

Fungicides Biological and chemical products to protect crop Fox™, Luna™, Nativo™, Serenade™, Xpro™
plants from fungal diseases
Insecticides Biological and chemical products to protect crop BioAct™, Confidor™, Movento™, Sivanto™

plants from harmful insects and their larvae

Environmental Science

Products for professional pest control, vector
control, forestry, golf courses and parks, railway
tracks

Ficam™, Maxforce™, Esplanade™, K-Othrine™,
Fludora™ Fusion

Vegetable Seeds

Vegetable seeds

Seminis™, DeRuiters™

Digital Agriculture

Digital applications for agriculture

Climate FieldView™

Other

Seeds and traits for cotton, oilseed rape/ canola,

rice and wheat as well as biological and chemical
seed treatment products to protect against fungal
diseases and pests

Gaucho™, Bollgard™ Il, Bollgard™ II] XtendFlex™,
Deltapine™

Pharmaceuticals

Cardiology Hypertension, pulmonary hypertension, heart Xarelto™, Adalat™, Aspirin™ Cardio, Adempas™
attack and stroke, thrombosis, coronary artery
disease (CAD), peripheral artery disease (PAD)
Oncology Liver cancer, renal cell carcinoma, thyroid Nexavar™, Nubeqa™, Xofigo™, Stivarga™,
carcinoma, prostate cancer, colorectal cancer, Aliqopa™, Vitrakvi™
gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST), follicular
lymphoma, solid tumors with NTRK gene fusions
Ophthalmology Visual impairment due to age-related macular Eylea™
degeneration (AMD), diabetic macular edema
(DME) or retinal vein occlusion (RVO)
Hematology Hemophilia A Kogenate™ /Kovaltry™ / Jivi™

Women’s health

Contraception, gynecological therapy

Mirena™ product family, Yaz™ product family,
Visanne™

Infectious diseases

Bacterial infections

Avalox™ /Avelox™, Cipro™, Ciprobay™

Radiology Contrast agents; diagnostic imaging equipment Gadovist™, Ultravist™, Medrad Spectris Solaris™,
for use with contrast agents Medrad Stellant™
Neurology Multiple sclerosis Betaferon™ /Betaseron™

Consumer Health

Dermatology

Wound care, skin care, skin and intimate health

Bepanthen™, Canesten™

Nutritionals

Multivitamin products, dietary supplements

One A Day™, Elevit™, Berocca™, Supradyn™,
Redoxon™

Pain and Cardio

General pain relief

Aspirin™, Aleve™

Digestive Health

Digestive health complaints

Alka-Seltzer™, MiraLAX™, Rennie™, Iberogast™

Allergy, Cough and Cold

Allergies, cough and cold

Claritin™, Aspirin™, Alka-Seltzer™, Afrin™

' The order of the products listed is no indication of their significance.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 28
1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure

We operate sites around the world, and some are used by multiple divisions. As of December 31,
2019, the Bayer Group comprised 392 consolidated companies in 87 countries.

A 1.1.2/3
Bayer Worldwide 2019
Europe / Middle East/Africa
Belgium France
Antwerp sSsSSC Set Gaillard J CCH A
Germany Lyon CSA
Bergkamen PH t Sophia Antipolis ________CSA
Berlin PH A la Villefranche —___________ CS la
Bitterfeld-Wolfen SCH lw ~—sItaly
Darmstadt___———————CSCC:H A) 6OGarbagnate PH be
Frankfurt am Main___ CS A be Bergschenhoek CSA
- Grenzach SSH et Norway

United States Hirth-Knapsack CS ls

Berkeley PH A bet Cologne PH & Oslo PH A

Boston/Cambridge PHA Leverkusen | PH ba Switzerland

Kansas City CS bat Monheim am Rhein CSA Basel PH a | CH a

Luling CS ka Weimar PH bat Muttenz CS he

Morristown CHA Wuppertal PH Ala = Spain

Muscatine CS ka . Alcala CH bee
Finland

Myerstown CH be

. Turku PH A be

San Francisco PHA

Saxonburg PH be

Soda Springs CS ke

St. Louis CS AB

Whippany | PHAB|CHA

Woodland CSA

Argentina

Pilar CH ba

Zarate CS be

Brazil

Belford Roxo CCS

Camagari CS bea ,

Petrolina CSA China

Sao José dos Campos CS bet Beijing __ | PH A tw

SdoPaulo.———————<—sé‘<éi'' I CS Qidong CHA

Mexico India

Lerma CH ba Thane &

Mexico City & Vapi CS ba

Indonesia
CS: Crop Science Cimanggis CH bea
PH: Pharmaceuticals Japan
CH: Consumer Health Koka PH ba
A Significant research and development location Osaka PHL
] Significant production location -
Significant administrative site Tokyo PH A &

Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
1.2 Strategy and Management

1.2 Strategy and Management

Long-term profitable growth in focus

Business activities support “health for all, hunger for none”
Ambitious sustainability targets set for entire Group
Integrated business approach across all divisions

1.2.1 Strategy and Targets

Group strategy

A growing and aging world population as well as the increasing strain on nature’s ecosystems are
among the major challenges facing humanity. As a global leader in health and nutrition, we are
able to play a key role in devising solutions to tackle these challenges.

Guided by our purpose “Science for a better life,” we deliver breakthrough innovations in health
care and nutrition. We are helping to create a world in which diseases are not only treated but
effectively prevented or cured, in which people can take care of their own health needs more
effectively, and in which enough food is produced for all while respecting our planet’s natural
resources. That's because at Bayer, we believe that growth and sustainability should go hand in
hand. In short, we are working to realize “health for all, hunger for none.”

We focus on four strategic levers to deliver attractive returns for our shareholders while also
making a positive contribution to society and for the environment:

1. Asa global leader in health and nutrition, we continue to develop our business. We create
value with strategy-based resource allocation focused on profitable growth. We are active in
regulated and highly profitable sectors that are driven by innovation and in which we can
achieve above-average growth rates.

2. We develop innovations and leverage cutting-edge research to solve major challenges in
health and nutrition. As part of these endeavors, we are expanding our access to innovation
by collaborating with third parties. At the same time, we are advancing the digital
transformation of our value creation chain and working on the co-creation of disruptive
technologies, aided, for example, by the latest Leaps by Bayer initiatives.

8. Sustainability is an integral part of our business strategy. As a corporate objective, it is
afforded the same status as our financial indicators. In 2019, we advanced our approach to
make a positive contribution to society and for the environment. Our targets for 2030 are
aligned with the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals and the Paris Agreement
climate targets.

4. Weare strengthening the operational performance of our business through measures such
as the Bayer 2022 synergy and efficiency program.

These four strategic levers underpin the strategies of our divisions.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
1.2 Strategy and Management

Strategies of the divisions

Crop Science

Continued population growth, increasing protein consumption, decreasing arable land per capita,
climate change and growing pressure on limited natural resources all point to the need for more
innovation and a stronger focus on sustainability in agriculture. At the same time, emerging
markets in Asia, shifts in consumption patterns, advancements in life science technologies and
the next wave of digitalization are set to shape the industry in the long-term.

As the largest integrated player in the agricultural industry with a leading portfolio in corn,
soybeans, cereals and horticulture, we recognize our responsibility to address the challenges
outlined above. Our strategy is based on three pillars: innovation, digitalization and sustainability.
Guided by this approach, we aim to set new industry standards.

Our researchers deliver high-yielding seed varieties with effective traits, combined with cutting-
edge chemical and biological crop protection products. By combining R&D platforms, we are able
to unlock new potential and deliver integrated solutions to farmers.

As a leader in digital farming, we aim to drive the transformation of our business as we look to

offer tailored solutions to our customers, automate processes and increase R&D productivity. At

the same time, we are digitally connecting farms on a leading common platform to help create ha)

new value for our customers. New service- and data-based models will supplement or in some See also A 1.3
cases replace our conventional business.

More sustainable models for farming are crucial to counteracting the growing loss of biodiversity
and tackling climate change. At the same time, the demand for food will continue to rise. In a bid
to effectively address these challenges, sustainability parameters will become key considerations
in R&D and business decisions. We are also looking to increase food security: by 2030, we aim
to help 100 million smallholder farmers in low- and middle-income countries produce enough
food to feed themselves and others, and to improve their incomes. To achieve this goal, we will
further expand our product and service portfolio. This will include providing access to tailored
digital solutions. By collaborating and partnering with research institutes, nongovernmental
organizations, companies and social start-ups, for instance, we aim to improve access to
agronomic expertise, products and services specifically for smallholders. A good example of this
is the Better Life Farming alliance, which is already supporting smallholder farmers with training
courses, market access and technology, as well as financing options. Through these efforts, we
can make an important contribution to strengthening local food production and reducing rural
poverty. Attainment of this goal is to be assessed based on the number of smallholder farmers in
low- and middle-income countries supported by products, services and partnerships. In addition,
we have also set ourselves the objective of increasing environmental and climate protection. With
the aid of new technologies and business models, we aim to help customers reduce greenhouse
gas emissions on the field and lower the environmental footprint of the crop protection products
they use.

Pharmaceuticals

Throughout the world, an increasingly aging population is leading to a growing number of B

chronic diseases and the increasing occurrence of multiple conditions. At the same time, digital See also A 1.3
technologies have the potential to transform the way health care is delivered. Examples include

telemedicine, artificial intelligence-driven diagnostic and treatment support, as well as combining

computer processing power with the availability of large data sets to enable personalized testing

and treatment.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
1.2 Strategy and Management

We are seeking to contribute to medical progress through our focus on researching, developing
and marketing innovative medicines, primarily in the therapeutic areas of cardiology, oncology,
women’s health, hematology and ophthalmology. Our near- to medium-term growth will primarily
be driven by key areas, such as China, as well as by key products, such as Xarelto™. It is
expected to be further fueled by several promising late-stage R&D pipeline candidates, such as
our recently approved product Nubeqa™. To safeguard long-term growth, we continue to invest
in R&D in areas in which there is still a substantial need for innovation. Moreover, we are
expanding our efforts to access more external innovation through research collaborations and in-
licensing (e.g. Vitrakvi™), with Bayer capturing continued growth opportunities in biologics and
novel technologies, for instance. Our recent acquisition of BlueRock Therapeutics in the area of
stem cell therapies is one such example.

We continue to build capabilities in leveraging data, advanced analytics and artificial intelligence to
deliver greater value to patients and customers, and to increase productivity across the
pharmaceutical value chain from R&D to Medical Affairs, Commercial and Product Supply.

To improve access to our products in developing and emerging countries (Access to Medicine),
we have entered into a series of long-term partnerships focusing on aspects such as the provision
of contraceptives and logistics support for both multilateral and bilateral family planning programs.
These measures will demonstrably improve women’s health and strengthen their role in society

by helping to promote gender equality and women’s economic participation. Specifically, we aim
to provide 100 million women in low- and middle-income countries with access to modern
contraception by 2030. To achieve this, we will expand our range of long-acting products that are
in especially high demand in international development projects. As is currently the case for oral
contraceptives and contraceptive injections, these products will be offered to our partners (such
as the United Nations Population Fund, or UNFPA) at preferential prices. We also plan to enter
into additional collaborations to support voluntary family planning programs. As part of these
efforts, we pledge support for our partners irrespective of the products used. Attainment is to be
assessed based on the number of women in low- and middle-income countries who have their
need for modern contraception satisfied due to interventions supported by Bayer.

In addition, we remain committed to combating neglected tropical diseases. As part of this
endeavor, we work closely with the World Health Organization. As well as making product
donations and providing financial support, we are also involved in the further development of
active ingredients. An example of this is the pediatric formulation of nifurtimox, our active
ingredient for the treatment of children with Chagas disease, which we submitted for regulatory
approval in the United States in December 2019.

Consumer Health

Cost pressure on public health care systems and the growing health awareness of consumers are
increasingly putting the spotlight on the benefits of self-care and point to further long-term growth
of the consumer health market. At the same time, digitalization is giving rise to new business
opportunities.

We provide consumers with the products, services and information they need to take more
responsibility for their daily health, improving their quality of life. Our strategy moving forward will
accelerate our core categories, geographies and the transfer of prescription medicines and
active ingredients to nonprescription status. We also aim to strengthen our innovation and R&D
capabilities and drive marketing and sales execution. A new operating model, in place since the
beginning of 2019, further enhances consumer- and customer-centricity and drives agility,
efficiency and consistency in execution.

[*
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
1.2 Strategy and Management

We are leveraging digital technologies and data to accelerate our strategy across all areas of

the business. We are digitalizing our core business operations in supply chain, research and
development, e-commerce and precision marketing. Digital will help us create efficiencies and
serve our consumers and customers better. We also aim to discover new sources of growth from
novel business models looking beyond the product toward broader digital health care platforms
and ecosystems.

It is our ambition to expand access to everyday health for 100 million people in underserved
communities around the world by 2030." At least half the world’s population currently lacks
access to basic health services, including self-care medication. More of these products, along
with targeted education, can help prevent disease as well as offer health solutions to regions in
which self-administered medication is often the only option. Beginning with a focus on women’s
health and improved access to micronutrients for pregnant women and children, we will create
better access to our well-known brands and self-care initiatives.

Sustainability

Respecting the environmental boundaries of the Earth and enabling its population to enjoy a high
quality of life within these limits are at the core of our ambitious sustainability targets. Our focus
here is on generating inclusive growth while at the same time reducing our ecological footprint
along our value chain. Alongside the targets of the divisions described, we therefore also want
to drive forward a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions in our processes and value chain.

We have set ourselves the target of making our own production sites carbon-neutral by 2030,
and are therefore implementing energy efficiency measures at our sites and increasing the
procurement of electricity from renewable sources. We will offset the remaining emissions we
produce by purchasing certificates from certified climate protection projects that satisfy
recognized quality standards. We also aim to reduce greenhouse gas emissions along the up- and
downstream value chain through cooperation with suppliers and customers. To ensure that our
targets are in line with the goal of the Paris Agreement to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees
Celsius, or well below 2 degrees Celsius, we have joined the Science Based Targets initiative.
We review target attainment by measuring greenhouse gas emissions at our own sites* and
determining whether a science-based target (SBT) in terms of a percentage reduction has been
achieved.

We define sustainability as one of the four strategic levers of the company as a whole.
Sustainability is an integral part of our business strategy and afforded the same status as a
corporate objective as our financial indicators. For this reason, we have closely linked our
sustainability targets to our business and will incorporate it into the compensation system for the
Board of Management. From 2020 this will form part of the qualitative component of the variable
short-term cash compensation, and from 2021 it will become a quantitative element in the long-
term stock-based cash compensation (Aspire program).

We also aim to intensify our cooperation with social organizations to enable us to understand
different perspectives better and jointly amplify the effects of our efforts. One example is the
establishment in 2020 of an external sustainability council to be composed of independent experts
who can give us an outside perspective on our innovation, mindset and strategy. In addition, we
have combined our guiding principles and the bases for our activities in the new Bayer Societal
Engagement (BASE) Principles, which will guide our relationship with our social stakeholders in
the future. These will also provide us with orientation in all internal and external processes and
support us in being a company valued for its scientific endeavors, trustworthiness and
transparency.

' Details on our objectives and how we measure attainment will be confirmed in 2020.
? Scope 1 and Scope 2 (market-based) emissions of the environmentally relevant sites, i.e. those with annual energy consumption of
more than 1.5 terajoules, including emissions from the vehicle fleet

[*
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 33
1.2 Strategy and Management

1.2.2 Sustainability Management

Our strategic focus on sustainability represents our targeted approach toward increasing the
overall societal impact of our business activities. The Chairman of the Board of Management
assumes responsibility for this strategy in his role as Chief Sustainability Officer. He is supported
by the Public Affairs and Sustainability enabling function, which develops nonfinancial targets and
key performance indicators as well as management systems and corporate policies. Operational
implementation is effected throughout the value chain.

Our commitment to the U.N. Global Compact and the Responsible Care™ initiative of the ha)
chemical industry and our involvement in the World Business Council for Sustainable Development See A 1.2.1

(WBCSD) underline our mission as a company that acts sustainably.

Materiality analysis and stakeholder dialogue

We ascertain the expectations and requirements of our various stakeholders using a materiality (6)
analysis, which surveys external stakeholders and internal managerial employees from various www.bayer.com/
areas of the company throughout the world. The results thereof reveal the latest developments materiality

along with sustainability-related opportunities and risks. Areas of activity with very high relevance
from an internal and external perspective are accounted for in our strategic lever of sustainability
and reflected in our nonfinancial Group targets. The current materiality analysis that was carried
out at the end of 2018 confirmed the following key areas of activity:

// \Innovation

// Access to health care

// Sustainable food supply

// Product stewardship

// Climate and environmental protection
// Business ethics

As part of our stakeholder engagement process, which is underpinned by a dedicated guideline,
we approach key social and political players and canvass their support from the outset in strategic
decision-making processes regarding new projects such as investment projects and launches of
new products.

Respect for human rights

The observance of human rights is a fundamental basis of our actions. Bayer fully supports and 6)

promotes human rights and has documented its stance in a globally binding corporate policy www.bayer.com/
entitled the “Bayer Human Rights Policy.” Directives, processes and management and monitoring humanrights
systems control the implementation of human rights standards in business operations. We

introduced and started the implementation of the Bayer policy in the acquired agriculture business

in 2019. Comparable arrangements had applied there previously.

We are a founding member of the U.N. Global Compact and respect the Universal Declaration of
Human Rights, the U.N. Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and a range of globally
recognized declarations applicable for multinational corporations, including the OECD Guidelines
for Multinational Enterprises, the Tripartite Declaration of Principles concerning Multinational
Enterprises and Social Policy, and the core labor standards of the International Labour
Organization (ILO).

Within the context of our risk management process, we conduct a risk analysis of the potentially
adverse consequences of our operating activities for human rights. In 2019, we did not establish
any adverse potential consequences to be reported in accordance with the CSR Directive
Implementation Act.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 34
1.2 Strategy and Management

We offer corresponding training programs to enhance employees’ awareness of the importance of
human rights in their day-to-day activities. In 2019, around 76% of our employees received
training in aspects of our Human Rights Policy. We also demand that our business partners,
particularly our suppliers, fully observe human rights.

Foundation and charity activities

Bayer continues to be socially engaged worldwide in keeping with our corporate purpose
“Science for a better life.” In 2019, we made available some €61 million (2018: €66 million) for
charitable projects and activities in the areas of research and education, social innovation in health
and nutrition, and support for the communities near our sites. The global activities of the Bayer
Science & Education Foundation and the Bayer Cares Foundation are a component of our societal
engagement. The U.S.-based Bayer Fund also supports a wide range of initiatives in the areas

of community assistance, nutrition, education and disaster aid. Group-wide allocation and
management policies form the basis for our donation activities; the Board of Management is
involved in major funding decisions. The yearly alignment of all programs is coordinated by a
Board of Trustees staffed by senior figures from inside and outside the company. Panels of
independent experts decide on the awarding of research prizes and scholarships by the
foundations.

In 2019, the Bayer foundations established a new fund with a €20 million endowment to create a
network for social innovation. Money from the fund is to be used to promote technological and
entrepreneurial solutions in the fields of health care and agriculture that enable African smallholder
farmers to lift themselves and their families out of poverty through their own agricultural
smallholdings and an improved access to medical care. As a first step, the fund supported four
groundbreaking social enterprises in 2019.

1.2.3 Management Systems

Planning and steering

One of the essential goals of the Bayer Group is to generate profitable, sustainable growth in
order to steadily increase the enterprise value and ensure the long-term viability of our
businesses. The company’s economic planning and steering take place in line with the
frameworks that are set for the Bayer Group and the divisions by the Board of Management in the
course of the strategic planning process and are translated into specific targets during operational
planning. The planning and steering process is complemented by the continuous monitoring of
business developments, with key management and performance indicators being updated
regularly. It is on this basis that strategic objectives are implemented and countermeasures are
initiated in the event of deviations from the budget. In addition, the Board of Management uses
predominantly nonfinancial targets and performance indicators to steer the company's sustainable
alignment.

The following indicators are employed to plan, steer and monitor the development of our
business:

Operational management indicators

The main parameters in performance management at the operational level are sales, earnings By
and cash flow data, which also form the basis of short-term variable compensation. Growth is See also A 2.3
measured in terms of the change in sales after adjusting for currency and portfolio effects (Fx &
portfolio adj.) in order to reflect the operational business development of the Group and the

divisions. A key measure of profitability is the EBITDA margin before special items, which is the

ratio of EBITDA before special items to sales. The free cash flow — an absolute indicator — shows

the generation of freely available financial resources and also reflects the company’s financial

strength and earning power. Another important profitability indicator for the Bayer Group is core
earnings per share, which is the core net income divided by the weighted average number of

shares.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 35
1.3 Focus on Innovation

Strategic value management indicator: return on capital employed (ROCE)

Return on capital employed (ROCE) is used as a strategic metric to measure the company’s a

operating profit after taxes in relation to the average capital employed. Comparing ROCE against See also A 2.2.3
the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) on an annual basis illustrates the level of value and A 2.3
creation.

Total shareholder return

Bayer aims to create shareholder value and thus maximize the returns it delivers for its
stockholders. Total shareholder return, which is determined based on the change in the share
price over the measurement period plus any dividends paid in the interim, forms part of our long-
term stock-based cash compensation (LTI).

Integrated management system

Bayer has in place an integrated management system (IMS), which is detailed in a corporate
policy. The IMS provides a framework for existing and future management systems to ensure
compliance with corporate policies and the law as well as efficient ways of working. This is
achieved through applicable processes and internal requirements involving clear roles and
responsibilities. Its tasks also include facilitating effective risk management and helping to
safeguard the company’s license to operate. Within the IMS, each function or organization is
responsible for ensuring that its own management system is in line with business needs and
with applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

1.3 Focus on Innovation

New LifeHub opened for drug discovery using artificial intelligence

Leaps by Bayer initiates cooperation with start-ups on cancer
immunotherapy

Innovative herbicide Fox Xpro™ launched in Brazil

U.S. approval of new prostrate cancer drug Nubeqa™ (darolutamide)
strengthens oncology portfolio; BlueRock Therapeutics acquisition
helps Bayer build leading position in cell therapy

Innovation is a cornerstone of our Group strategy. We define innovations as new solutions that a
generate added value for our customers and society. Our activities focus on innovative products See A 1.2.2 “Foundation
based on our research and development (R&D) competencies supplemented with targeted and charity activities” for

process, service and business model innovations. We also focus on social innovation to improve Sia! innovations

living conditions in developing countries.

Our innovations help us contribute to solving global challenges in medical care and agriculture.
In addition to the strong innovative capabilities of our employees throughout the company, our
efforts are driven by excellence in R&D, a broad open innovation network, and the use of new,
groundbreaking technologies with a particular focus on data science insights.

With our global network of innovation coaches and ambassadors, we help our employees to
develop and drive forward new ideas and projects on a cross-divisional and cross-functional
basis. An online platform enables all employees to engage on innovation trends and current
projects.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report

1.3 Focus on Innovation

[*

Excellence in research and development

Bayer’s success is founded on excellence in R&D. The activities we pursue are aligned with the
innovation strategies of our divisions to improve human and plant health and to safeguard stable
harvests in agriculture. As part of these efforts, we are increasingly employing data science
methods.

We maintain a global network of R&D locations, which employ roughly 16,000 researchers. In
2019, our R&D investments increased by a nominal 4.6% to €5,342 million.

Open innovation

Partnerships are integral to our innovation strategy, ensuring access complementary technologies
and expertise. We enter into strategic alliances with various partners such as universities,
governmental agencies, start-ups, suppliers and industry partners.

LifeHub network

Our LifeHub network serves as a springboard for the development of solutions at the interface
between health and nutrition. Here customers, start-ups and students work together with Bayer
employees on promising new solutions. LifeHubs provide an opportunity to incubate ideas within
alliances aimed at developing new business models and researching leading-edge technologies.
For example, some of our LifeHubs provide scientists and start-ups with laboratory facilities and
other resources within the framework of CoLaborator™. The LifeHubs also enable us to come
together with societal groups through networking, mentoring and events. To complement the
existing sites at innovation hotspots around the world — Boston, Lyon, Berlin, Singapore, Osaka
and three sites in California - we opened the LifeHub UK in Reading, United Kingdom, in 2019.
The aim of this hub is to accelerate and optimize the diagnosis of diseases and data-driven drug
discovery with the help of artificial intelligence (Al). Activities in this initial phase focus on the
development of Al-supported solutions for radiology.

Leaps by Bayer
Through Leaps by Bayer, we invest in breakthrough innovations in the areas of health and
nutrition.

In 2019, Leaps by Bayer acquired a stake in the start-up company Khloris Biosciences, California,
United States, with the goal of driving the development of novel vaccines based on human
induced pluripotent stem cells (IPSCs), a technology that has the potential to prevent or cure
cancer.

We also acquired a stake in Century Therapeutics, a company founded by Versant Ventures, San
Francisco, United States, and Fujifilm Cellular Dynamics, Inc., Madison, United States, that
develops allogeneic immune cell therapies for cancer. The company aims to advance multiple
programs for hematologic and solid malignancies into clinical testing.

In 2019, we also announced the full acquisition of U.S.-based BlueRock Therapeutics, which had
been founded in 2016 as a joint venture between Leaps by Bayer and Versant Ventures. The
acquisition enables us to build a leading position in cell therapies. BlueRock Therapeutics focuses
on the development of cell therapies in the fields of neurology, cardiology and immunology.

In addition, we participated in funding rounds for Pyxis Oncology, Boston, Massachusetts,

United States, an immuno-oncological company specializing in the development of novel therapies

for difficult-to-treat cancer types, and for eGenesis, Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States, a
company that aims to help overcome the global shortage of donor organs.

We also acquired a stake in Informed Data Systems Inc., a digital health company based in the

United States. Under the agreement, the U.S. company’s digital therapeutics platform will be used

to provide integrated solutions and services in multiple therapeutic areas with the goal of helping
people with chronic diseases to improve their health.

a)

See the following
subsections for further
details

6)

See the following
subsections for
information on selected
collaborations

)

www.innovate.bayer.
com/

)

www.leaps.bayer.com
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation

Patents protect Bayer’s intellectual property

Reliable global protection of intellectual property rights is particularly important for an innovation
company like Bayer. In most cases, it would be impossible to cover the high costs incurred in
the research and development of innovative products without this protection. We are therefore
committed worldwide to protecting both the international patent system and our own intellectual
property. Depending on the legal framework, we endeavor to obtain patent protection for our
products and technologies in major markets. When we successfully market patent-protected
products, we are able to reinvest the profits in sustainable research and development.

The term of a patent is normally 20 years from the date the application is filed. Since it takes an
average of 11 to 13 years to develop a new medicine or crop protection active ingredient, only
seven to nine years of patent protection remain following the product’s approval. The same
applies to the development of new transgenic traits. To nevertheless provide an adequate
incentive to make the necessary major investments in research and development, the European
Union (E.U.) member states, the United States, Japan and some other countries extend patent
terms or issue supplementary protection certificates to compensate for the shortening of the
effective protection period for pharmaceutical and crop protection patents, but not for transgenic
traits.

Crop Science

We have amassed substantial experience in farm chemistry research and development and are
a leader in biologicals and seeds and traits development. The business we acquired in 2018
brought leading seed brands and a strong foundation of plant biotechnology traits. We achieved
significant progress in integrating its R&D activities in 2019. Working with digital applications and
cutting-edge technologies, we develop and market a broad spectrum of tailored solutions for
farmers that enable higher productivity in a sustainable manner, regardless of where farming is
taking place, what size of land is being farmed or what agricultural practices are deployed.

Our R&D activities are driven by approximately 7,800 scientists (2018: 8,500)° operating in over
50 countries around the world. As announced in June 2019, we plan to invest some €5 billion

in new weed control methods over the next 10 years. This includes research into resistance
mechanisms, the discovery and development of new modes of action, and more precise
application recommendations with the aid of digital technologies. We also enter into collaborations
with external partners and leverage our established network to drive innovation and bring new
solutions to farmers.

Research and development capacities

Our R&D is focused on developing technologies across multiple indications. Bringing together our
expertise across multiple disciplines enables us to deliver more innovation faster. As part of these
endeavors, we focus on the following technologies and areas:

Breeding

We aim to drive improvements in precision breeding, trait integration, greenhouse- and field-
based product testing, and scalable data analytics and automation capabilities to help farmers
maximize their productivity. Central to breeding is our focus on advancing our field testing
through expanded environmental insights to provide farmers with tailored recommendations.
This, combined with insights from our global germplasm sources, enables us to accelerate the
development of new and improved product solutions.

$ Including permanent and temporary employees

[*
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation

Biotechnology

Biotechnology helps us to develop solutions that strengthen plants’ resistance to insects, weeds
and other environmental stresses such as drought in a targeted manner. Using a variety of
molecular approaches, including new gene editing tools like CRISPR, we transfer beneficial traits,
such as the ability to resist a pest or to use water more efficiently, to a crop plant so that it can
better survive in its environment. Biotechnology enables more productive farming and increases
the sustainability of agriculture by, for example, facilitating minimum tillage practices which
preserve topsoil and reduce CO2 emissions.

Crop protection

We discover and develop innovative, safe and sustainable chemical crop protection compounds
with herbicidal, insecticidal and fungicidal activity. Our current product portfolio and tailored
solutions offerings help farmers achieve better harvests.

Biologicals

Our approach in biologicals encompasses a focus on microbial organisms and materials derived
from them. These biologicals often enable us to reduce the use of synthetic chemicals, decreasing
residue levels and helping to protect active ingredients against resistance issues. By introducing
microbials into programs with traditional chemistry, we are building a more holistic system that is
killing pests and eliminating pathogens while building healthier root systems.

Digital applications

The world of agriculture is being transformed by data sciences, and particularly by algorithms,
analytics, deep learning and artificial intelligence, which can deliver crucial benefits for farmers.
The yield potential of a crop relies on many complex interactions. For example, yield is dependent
on genetics, environmental factors (weather and pest/ disease burdens) and agronomic practices.
The goal of digital solutions is to give farmers recommendations as to what products to use, in
what amount, in what location, and at what time in order to optimize harvest yields and minimize
environmental impact.

Research and development pipeline

Our product pipeline contains numerous new crop protection products, seed varieties, digital
products and enhanced products (life cycle management) that promote sustainable agriculture
and help improve productivity. In 2019, we launched confirmatory technical proof-of-concept field
studies for seven new chemical or biological active ingredients and plant traits’. For 2020, we aim
to launch confirmatory technical proof-of-concept field studies for four new chemical or biological
active ingredients and plant traits.

4 A new plant trait is a specific characteristic that has not yet been available or offered at Bayer for the crop plant in question.

;*
Bayer Annual Report 2019

A Combined Management Report 39
1.3 Focus on Innovation

The following table shows new products in late development phases®, sorted according to key
crops, that are planned to be launched by 2022.

A 1.3/1

Product Innovation Pipeline’

Product/ trait / number

Crop/digital application First launch Product group Indication of hybrids or varieties
Corn 2021 Biotechnology trait Pest management SmartStax PRO
2022 Biological Crop efficiency BioRise third-generation seed
treatment
Annual Breeding / native trait Crop efficiency > 150 new corn seed hybrids
Soybeans 2020 Biotechnology trai Weed management Xtendflex soybeans
2021 Biotechnology trai Pest management Intacta2Xtend soybeans
2022 Crop protection Disease management Fox Supra (Indiflin)?
Annual Breeding / native trait Crop efficiency > 150 new soybean seed hybrids
Cotton 2021 Biotechnology trai Pest management Lygus/thrips in cotton
Annual Breeding / native trait Crop efficiency >20 new cotton seed varieties
Cereals 2020 Crop protection Disease management iblon (isoflucypram)
Oilseed rape/canola 2020 Biotechnology trai Weed management TruFlex Roundup Ready LibertyLink
canola
Vegetables Annual Breeding / native trait Crop efficiency, ~ 150 new seed varieties launched
disease management with highlights in pepper, tomato and
melon seed
Digital applications 2020 Digital/ climate Crop efficiency Seed Advisor
2021 Digital/ climate Crop efficiency Advanced seed prescription service for
corn in Argentina, Brazil and the E.U.
2022 Digital/ climate Crop efficiency / Seed Advisor combined with new

disease management

business model based on outcome-
based pricing

As of December 2019

' Planned market launch of selected new products, subject to regulatory approval

? Co-development with Sumitomo

New products and registrations in 2019
In April, we launched the broad-spectrum insecticide Vayego™ in Korea. It provides long-lasting
control of selected caterpillars, beetles and sucking pests. We expect 17 further market launches

in 2020 and 2021.

In June, we signed a distribution agreement with AlphaBio Control, Cambridge, United Kingdom,
to market Flipper™, an innovative biological pest control product developed by AlphaBio. Under

the terms of the agreement, AlphaBio grants Bayer a worldwide exclusive right (except France) to
commercialize Flipper™ for agricultural and nonagricultural uses.

In July, we launched the soybean fungicide Fox Xpro™ in Brazil. It provides full control of all
relevant soybean diseases including Asian soybean rust. The optimized formulation received the
AGROW Award 2019 “Best Formulation Innovation”.

Also in July, we launched Climate FieldView™ in Argentina. Already widely adopted, the digital
farming platform helps farmers practice sustainable agriculture, enabling them to optimize yield
potential while reducing the application of crop inputs such as fertilizers or crop protection

products.

In September, we launched TruFlex canola with Roundup Ready™ and LibertyLink technologies in
the DEKALB brand of canola seed. It forms part of an improved system designed for a range of
growing conditions, providing hybrids that have tolerance to glyphosate and glufosinate

5 Products in late development phases have proven proof of concepts validated by field studies and are ready for hand-off to the

regulatory team for regulatory approvals.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation

herbicides. This enables a wider application window for grower flexibility as well as better weed
control with improved crop safety.

Also in September, we presented best practice experiences with the implementation of our
Root2Success™ concept on the African continent. This holistic approach supports sustainable
production systems covering crop rotation, soil preparation, catch and cover crops, and the use
of the innovative crop protection products Emesto™, Velum™ und Serenade™. The four-year
experience with our smallholder project in Kenya underlined the success of the concept.

Patents

We regularly apply for patent protection for our innovations in both chemical crop protection and

seed/ biotechnology. However, the link between patents and products is relatively complex since
products often combine multiple technologies that are patented differently in different areas of the
world, with patents often granted only late in the product lifecycle.

Although the patents have already expired for some of our crop protection active ingredients,
such as glyphosate, trifloxystrobin, prothioconazole® or imidacloprid, we have a portfolio of
patents on formulations, mixtures and/or manufacturing processes for these active ingredients. In
addition, some of our younger active ingredients such as fluopyram and bixafen are still patent-
protected in the United States, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Canada and other
countries until at least 2023. In fact, fluopyram is patent-protected until 2024 in the United States
and 2025 in Brazil.” While our patent coverage on the first-generation Roundup Ready™ trait for
soybeans has expired, some varieties — for example in the United States — are still protected by
variety patents. The patent coverage on our second-generation Roundup Ready 2 Yield™ trait for
soybeans runs until at least the mid-2020s. Our next-generation Intacta RR2 PRO™ soybean also
has patent coverage until at least the mid-2020s. Patents on our next-generation herbicide trait
which confers dicamba tolerance runs until at least the mid-2020s. In corn seed and traits, patent
coverage on our first-generation YieldGard™ trait has expired. However, most farmers have
already upgraded to next-generation branded corn traits with patent coverage running until at
least the mid-2020s.

Collaborations

We are part of a global network of partners from diverse segments of the agricultural industry and
work together with numerous public-private bodies, NGOs, universities and other institutions. In
2019, we entered into the new research partnerships detailed below.

In February, we announced a three-year research collaboration with Netafim Ltd., Tel Aviv, and
BGN Technologies, the technology company of Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Israel. The
purpose of this project is to combine soil research, digital prediction tools and drip irrigation
technologies — which are also the focus of an existing collaboration with Netafim — to develop best
practices for the use of drip irrigation as a delivery system for the nematicide Velum™ Prime under
typical conditions in arid regions.

Also in February, Bayer and KWS SAAT SE, Germany, granted a long-term license for the joint
cultivation system Conviso™ Smart to MariboHilleshé6g ApS, Holeby, Denmark. With this
agreement, another leading global sugar beet breeder can provide farmers worldwide with the
innovative Conviso™ Smart technology, which is based on conventionally bred sugarbeet varieties
that are tolerant to certain herbicides. In addition to the system’s broad spectrum weed control,
the amount of herbicide used can be significantly reduced compared with current standards.

® The last supplementary protection certificates for prothioconazole will expire in some CIS countries in 2020.
’ Patent protection does not take into account patent term extensions or supplementary protection certificates.

/*
Bayer Annual Report 2019

A Combined Management Report 41
1.3 Focus on Innovation

In June, we announced a broad collaboration with Arvinas, Inc., a U.S. biopharmaceutical
company based in New Haven, Connecticut. The collaboration aims to utilize Arvinas’ novel
PROTAC™ technology, which harnesses the naturally occurring protein degradation system of the
cell to selectively remove target proteins by proteolysis, the breakdown of proteins into amino
acids. In October, Bayer and Arvinas announced the creation of Oerth Bio, the first company to
explore the technology's potential for agriculture and crop protection. In our Pharmaceuticals
Division, meanwhile, the PROTAC™ technology will be used to develop new drug products.

In July, the Bayer Trendlines Ag Innovation Fund, set up by Bayer CropScience LLC and The
Trendlines Group Ltd., established EcoPhage Ltd. This new company is focused on discovering
and developing environmentally friendly agricultural disease control products using

bacteriophages, which are viruses that attack bacteria.

The following table provides an overview of important collaborations that are currently ongoing.

A 1.3/2

Crop Science: Important Collaborations
Partner
BASF Plant Science LP

Collaboration objective

Cofunded collaboration agreement to develop transgenic products with
increased yield stability in corn and soybeans

Brazilian Agricultural Research Corporation - Embrapa

R&D cooperation to address specific agricultural challenges in Brazil,
e.g. Asian soybean rust

2Blades Foundation

Collaboration research program to identify Asian soybean rust resistance
genes in legumes and genes to control fungal diseases in corn

Citrus Research Development Foundation, Inc.

Search for solutions to citrus greening disease, which currently
hreatens the global citrus production and juice industry

Elemental Enzymes Ag and Turf, LLC

Use of soil microbes to improve plant health and thereby increase
crop productivity

Energin .R Technologies 2009 Ltd. (NRGENE)

Collaboration to develop a sequence-based pangenome and haplotype
database to facilitate molecular breeding approaches

Evogene Ltd.
Forschungszentrum Julich GmbH

Research program to identify genes for fungal disease resistance in corn

Research collaboration focused on phenotyping of biologicals
in plants

Grains Research and Development Corporation (GRDC)

Partnership for the discovery and development of innovative weed
management solutions (herbicides)

Hitgen Ltd.

Research program based on a DNA-encoded library to discover new
active substances for use in agriculture

nstitute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Foundation for
Research and Technology Hellas (IMBB-FORTH)

Collaboration seeking to reveal key aspects of insect gut physiology
and discover novel targets for the development of insect control
solutions

nnovative Vector Control Consortium (IVCC)

Joint development of new substances to combat mosquitoes
transmitting diseases such as malaria and dengue fever

KWS SAAT SE

Joint collaboration and commercial agreement for herbicide-tolerant
sugar beet

Novozymes A/S (BioAg Alliance)

Joint development of new sustainable microbial solutions for crop
agriculture

Pairwise Plants

Research alliance to develop genome editing tools and products in
corn, soybeans, cotton, oilseed rape/ canola, and wheat

Second Genome, Inc.

Alliance that leverages partner’s microbiome/ metagenomics platform
to expand sourcing and diversity of novel proteins for the development
of next-generation insect control traits

Targenomix GmbH

Development and application of systems biology approaches to achieve
a better understanding of metabolic processes in plants

Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 42
1.3 Focus on Innovation

Pharmaceuticals
In our Pharmaceuticals Division, we focus on indications with high medical need in the areas of hay
cardiovascular disease, oncology, gynecology, hematology and ophthalmology. Over 7,500 Bayer worldwide;

scientists conduct research and development at a number of locations around the world, mainly in _ see also A 1.1.2/3
Germany, the United States, Japan, China, Finland and Norway.

Promising new molecular entities from our research pipeline are transferred to preclinical
development. We define a new molecular entity (NME) as a chemical or biological substance that
is not yet approved for use in humans. In preclinical development, these substances are examined
further in various models with respect to their suitability for clinical trials and the associated “first-
in-humans” studies.

Our R&D innovation model, which we realigned in 2018, is primarily based on the following core
points: expanding our activities to include new modalities, technologies and external innovation;
gaining a more in-depth understanding of disease mechanisms in fields with high medical need;
and achieving greater flexibility with regard to our R&D model and our resources. Comprehensive
implementation of our new R&D innovation model is ongoing. We achieved our first major
milestones in 2019, particularly in terms of access to external innovation and new modalities

and technologies. Examples here include research collaborations with Arvinas in the field of
PROTAC™ and with Dewpoint Therapeutics in the field of biomolecular condensates, along with
the acquisition of BlueRock Therapeutics, which is active in the field of cell therapies.

We conducted clinical trials with several drug candidates from our research and development
pipeline in 2019. We strengthened products that were already on the market through additional
development activities to further improve their application and/or expand their spectrum of
indications.

Clinical trials are an essential tool for determining the efficacy and safety of new drugs before
they can be used to diagnose or treat diseases. The benefits and risks of new medicinal products
must always be scientifically proven and well documented. All clinical trials at Bayer satisfy strict
international guidelines and quality standards, as well as the respective applicable national laws
and standards.

Bayer also publishes information about clinical trials in line with the applicable national laws and
according to the principles of the European (EFPIA) and U.S. (PhRMA) pharmaceutical industry
associations, these principles being defined in position papers.

Information about our own clinical trials can be found in the publicly accessible register 8
www.ClinicalTrials.gov and our own Trial Finder database. Further information on our globally www.pharma.bayer.com/
uniform standards, the monitoring of studies and the role of the ethics committees can be found ethics-clinical-trials

on the internet.
Bayer Annual Report 2019

Progress in Phase II clinical projects

A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation

The following table shows our most important drug candidates currently in Phase II clinical testing

projects.

A 1.3/3

Research and Development Projects (Phase II)'

Projects
High-dose aflibercept (VEGF inhibitor)

Indication

Age-related macular degeneration (AMD)

Fulacimstat (BAY 1142524, chymase inhibitor)

Chronic kidney disease

Osocimab (BAY 1213790, anti-FXla antibody)

Prevention of thrombosis

BAY 1817080/BAY 1902607 (P2X3 antagonist)

Chronic cough

BAY 2306001 (IONIS-FXIRx)?

Prevention of thrombosis

BAY 2433334 (FXla Inhibitor)

Prevention of stroke

Pecavaptan (BAY 1753011, vasopressin receptor
antagonist)

Congestive heart failure

Levonorgestrel (progestin) + indomethacin (NSAID)
combi IUS

Contraception

Regorafenib + Nivolumab Combination®

Metastatic colorectal cancer

Rogaratinib (pan-FGFR inhibitor)

Urothelial cancer

Vericiguat (SGC stimulator)

Chronic heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF)

Vilaprisan (S-PRM)

Endometriosis

' As of January 31, 2020
? Sponsored by lonis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

? In collaboration with Bristol-Myers Squibb, United States, and Ono Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd., Japan

The nature of drug discovery and development is such that not all compounds can be expected to meet the predefined project
goals. It is possible that any or all of the projects listed above may have to be discontinued due to scientific and/or commercial
reasons and will not result in commercialized products. It is also possible that the requisite U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA),
European Medicines Agency (EMA) or other regulatory approvals will not be granted for these compounds. Moreover, we regularly
review our research and development pipeline so that we can give priority to advancing the most promising pharmaceuticals

projects.

Below are the most significant changes that occurred in 2019 compared with the previous year:

In July, we announced a clinical collaboration agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb, New York
City, United States, and Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Osaka, Japan, to evaluate the
combination of our multikinase inhibitor Stivarga™ (regorafenib) and Bristol-Myers Squibb’s/
Ono’s immuno-oncology treatment Opdivo™ (nivolumab) in patients with micro-satellite stable
metastatic colorectal cancer (MSS mCRC), the most common form of MCRC.

In September, we decided to discontinue the development program for our anti-TFPI antibody
BAY 1093884 for the treatment of hemophilia for safety reasons after a Phase II trial investigating
the safety and tolerability of BAY 1093884 in patients with hemophilia A or B with or without

inhibitors was halted ahead of schedule.

In November, we decided to discontinue the development of our TASK channel blocker
BAY 2253651 after it failed to demonstrate sufficient efficacy in the treatment of patients with

obstructive sleep apnea in a Phase |! trial.

In January 2020, we decided to halt the development of our alpha2c AR antagonist fadaltran as
the efficacy endpoints in the Phase lla trial were not met.

[*
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation

Progress in Phase III clinical projects
The following table shows our most important drug candidates currently in Phase III clinical testing
projects:

A 1.3/4
Research and Development Projects (Phase III)!
Projects Indication
Aflibercept (VEGF inhibitor) Retinopathy of prematurity
Copanlisib (PI3K inhibitor) Various types of non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL)
Regorafenib (multikinase inhibitor) Newly diagnosed and recurrent glioblastoma
Darolutamide (ODM-201, AR antagonist) Hormone-sensitive metastatic prostate cancer
Finerenone (MR antagonist) Chronic kidney disease in patients with type 2 diabetes
Molidustat (HIF-PH inhibitor) Renal anemia
Rivaroxaban (FXa inhibitor) Peripheral artery disease (PAD)
Vericiguat (SGC stimulator)? Chronic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF)
Vilaprisan (S-PRM) Symptomatic uterine fibroids

' As of January 31, 2020

? Sponsored by Merck & Co., Inc., U.S.A.

The nature of drug discovery and development is such that not all compounds can be expected to meet the predefined project
goals. It is possible that any or all of the projects listed above may have to be discontinued due to scientific and/or commercial
reasons and will not result in commercialized products. It is also possible that the requisite U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA),
European Medicines Agency (EMA) or other regulatory approvals will not be granted for these compounds. Moreover, we regularly
review our research and development pipeline so that we can give priority to advancing the most promising pharmaceuticals
projects.

Below are the most significant changes that occurred in 2019 compared with the previous year:

In May, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted Bayer Breakthrough Therapy
designation for copanlisib (Aliqopa™) for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed marginal
zone lymphoma (MZL) who have received at least two prior therapies. MZL is a form of indolent
non-Hodgkin lymphoma (iNHL).

Also in May, we presented further data from the Phase III ARAMIS trial at the ASCO Annual
Meeting in Chicago showing that darolutamide, a nonsteroidal androgen receptor antagonist, in
combination with androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) delays worsening of disease-related
symptoms in men with nonmetastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (nmCRPC) compared
with placebo plus ADT.

At the ASCO Annual Meeting, we also presented new data confirming the high level of efficacy
achieved by the precision oncology active substance larotrectinib (Vitrakvi™) in both adults and
children with TRK fusion cancer and brain metastases or primary tumors of the central nervous
system. In addition, the updated clinical data we presented at the ESMO Congress in Barcelona,
Spain, in September again showed a high response rate even with an expanded dataset, while
median overall survival was more than three years.

In June, we initiated a Phase Ill trial of the anti-VEGF treatment aflibercept (Eylea™) for intravitreal
injection in retinopathy of prematurity, an eye condition in premature infants.

The enrollment of patients in the GBM AGILE trial, an international platform trial sponsored by the
Global Coalition for Adaptive Research, also began in the United States in June. In a multi-arm
cooperation trial in brain cancer patients, we are providing the active substance regorafenib,
which will be evaluated first. The trial will investigate several therapies for patients with newly
diagnosed or recurrent glioblastoma.

In early July, we presented the findings of the Phase III EINSTEIN-Jr. trial with rivaroxaban at the
International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis (ISTH) Congress in Melbourne, Australia.
The results showed the efficacy and safety profile of rivaroxaban in children with venous
thromboembolism, and were similar to those seen in previous studies in adults. In November, we
submitted an application to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) seeking approval of

[
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation

rivaroxaban for use in children with venous thromboembolism. The timely filing and review for the
use of Xarelto™ in children in the European Union or the United States as agreed with the EMA
and the U.S. FDA, respectively, enables us to apply for an extension of the compound patent
protection by six months in each case.

In September, the European Society of Cardiology (ESC) published clinical practice guidelines
recommending that Xarelto™ vascular dose plus aspirin low dose should be considered in the
treatment of patients with chronic coronary syndromes at high risk of further events. Another ESC
guideline addressing diabetes also includes such a recommendation for this regimen in patients
with diabetes and lower extremity arterial disease. A new analysis of the COMPASS study in July
demonstrated that patients with high risk factors benefited most from dual pathway inhibition.

In November, we announced that the Phase III study VICTORIA evaluating the use of vericiguat in
patients with chronic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF) had met its primary
endpoint. Vericiguat reduced the risk of cardiovascular death or heart failure hospitalization versus
placebo when given in combination with available heart failure therapies. Vericiguat is the first-in-
class soluble guanylate cyclase (SGC) stimulator being developed to treat patients with worsening
chronic heart failure. Vericiguat is being jointly developed with MSD (known as Merck & Co., Inc.
in the United States and Canada).

Filings and approvals

We regularly evaluate our research and development pipeline in order to prioritize the most
promising pharmaceutical projects. Following the completion of the required studies with a
number of these drug candidates, we submitted applications to one or more regulatory agencies
for approvals or approval expansions. The most important drug candidates in the approval
process are:

A 1.3/5
Main Products Submitted for Approval!’
Projects Indication
Darolutamide (ODM-201, AR antagonist) Europe: castration-resistant nonmetastatic prostate cancer
Rivaroxaban (FXa inhibitor) E.U.: VTE treatment in children

' As of January 31, 2020

In February, we completed the submission of a rolling New Drug Application for the active
substance darolutamide to the U.S. FDA. The submission is based on data from the Phase III
ARAMIS trial in men with nonmetastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (nmCRPC).
Darolutamide is a nonsteroidal androgen receptor inhibitor that Bayer developed together with
Finnish pharmaceutical company Orion Corporation. In April, the U.S. FDA accepted the New
Drug Application and granted priority review status. In late July, Nubeqa™ (darolutamide) was
approved in the United States for the treatment of patients with nmCRPC.

In March, we submitted a marketing authorization application to the EMA for darolutamide for the
treatment of patients with nmCRPC. Also in March, we submitted an application for marketing
authorization to the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW) in Japan for darolutamide for
the treatment of patients with castration-resistant prostate cancer. In January 2020, the product
was approved in Japan for the treatment of patients with nmCRPC. In the same month, the
EMA’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) recommended darolutamide for
marketing authorization in the European Union. The recommendation is for the treatment of
patients with nmCRPC who are at high risk of developing metastatic disease. The final decision
from the European Commission on the marketing authorization is expected in the coming months.

;*
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 46
1.3 Focus on Innovation

In July, we received approval from the U.S. FDA for Gadavist™ as the first and only contrast
agent for use in cardiac magnetic resonance (MR) imaging to assess myocardial perfusion and
late gadolinium enhancement in adult patients with Known or suspected coronary artery disease
(CAD).

In September, the European Commission granted Vitrakvi™ tumor-agnostic approval in the
European Union. The approval is for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with solid tumors
that display a neurotrophic tyrosine receptor kinase (NTRK) gene fusion, who have a disease that
is locally advanced, metastatic or where surgical resection is likely to result in severe morbidity,
and who have no satisfactory treatment options.

In October, the U.S. FDA approved rivaroxaban (Xarelto™) for the prevention of venous
thromboembolism (VTE), or blood clots, in acutely ill medical patients at risk for thromboembolic
complications who are not at high risk of bleeding. The approval is based on data from the Phase
III MAGELLAN trial, and supported by the data from the MARINER trial. These trials evaluated
rivaroxaban for the prevention of VTE in acutely ill medical patients during hospitalization and
immediately following discharge.

Patents
The following table shows the expiration dates for our most significant Pharmaceuticals patents:

A 1.3/6
Pharmaceuticals Patent Expiration Dates
Products Market
Germany _ France Italy Switzerland Spain U.K. China Japan Brazil Canada U.S.A.
Adempas™ Fe
2027-
Active ingredien 2028 2028 2028 2028 2028 2028° 2023 20289 2028° 2023 2026
Eylea™
2021-
Active ingredien 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025° 2020 20239 2020° 2020 -
Jivi™
Active ingredien 2025 2025 20258 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025° 2025 20258
Nexavar™
2021-
Active ingredien 2021 2021 2021 2021 2021 2021 2020 20259 2025 2020 2020
Nubegqa™
Active ingredien 2030 2030 2030 2030 2030 2030 2030 2030 2030° 2030 2030?
Stivarga™
Active ingredien 2028 2028 2028 2028 2028 2028° 2024 20269 2028 2024 2031
Xarelto™
2022-
Active ingredien 2023 2023 2023 2023 2023 2023 2020 20259 2022 2020 2024
Xofigo™
Use 2024 2024 2024 2024 2024 2024 2019 2022° - 2019 2022
Vitrakvi™
Active ingredient 2029 2029 2029 2029 2029 2029 2029 2029 2029° 20298 20298

* Current expiration date; patent term extension applied for
© Patent application pending

° Patent term revised

° Application-specific patent term extension(s)

° Patent term extension granted
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 47
1.3 Focus on Innovation

Collaborations

We augment our own research capacities through collaborations and strategic alliances with By

industrial and academic research partners. In this way we gain access to complementary See also A 1.3

technologies and external innovation potential. “Global open innovation
network”

Following the acquisition of Loxo Oncology by Eli Lilly and Company in February, we exercised a
change of control clause in our licensing agreements with Loxo Oncology. As a result, we now
hold exclusive licensing rights for the global development and commercialization — including in the
United States — of Vitrakvi™ (larotrectinib) and the investigational drug selitrectinib (BAY 2731954,
formerly: LOXO-195).

In May, we signed a collaboration agreement with Foundation Medicine Inc., Cambridge,
Massachusetts, United States, for the development and commercialization of therapy-
accompanying diagnostic tests, also Known as companion diagnostics (CDx), based on next-
generation sequencing for new cancer drugs developed by Bayer. The agreement allows for
collaboration across multiple treatment programs and covers Foundation Medicine’s full portfolio
of tests, including FoundationOne™ CDx. The first project will be to develop a CDx test in the
United States for larotrectinib (Vitrakvi™).

As part of the aforementioned collaboration with Arvinas, Inc., we plan to develop next-generation
medicines for patients with cardiovascular, oncological and gynecological diseases in our
Pharmaceuticals Division. Under the four-year agreement announced in June, Arvinas will receive
an upfront payment and pharmaceutical R&D support, as well as a direct equity investment.

In July, we announced the clinical collaboration agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb, New York
City, United States, and Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Osaka, Japan, detailed earlier in this
report.

In September, we announced the launch of a joint lab to research new drug candidates to treat
chronic lung diseases together with Brigham and Women’s Hospital and the Massachusetts
Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. We will invest over US$30 million to fund joint
research projects over a five-year period.

In November, we entered into an option, research and license agreement with Dewpoint
Therapeutics, Inc., a biotechnology company based in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, and
Dresden, Germany. The partnership will leverage Dewpoint’s proprietary platform for biomolecular
condensates and our small molecule compound library to develop new treatments for
cardiovascular and gynecological diseases. The collaboration follows our participation in a
Dewpoint financing round through our Leaps by Bayer unit.

In January 2020, we announced the expansion of our partnership with Evotec SE, Hamburg,
Germany, in women’s health indications with a new five-year, multi-target collaboration to develop
multiple clinical candidates for the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). PCOS is the
most frequent endocrine disorder in women linked to metabolic dysfunction and the most frequent
cause of female infertility. It occurs in an estimated 5-10% of women.

Also in January 2020, we announced that we had entered into a collaboration agreement with
Exscientia Ltd., Oxford, United Kingdom, to work on early research projects to treat
cardiovascular and oncological diseases. Exscientia specializes in Al-driven drug discovery
and design. Under the agreement, which is initially set to run for three years, we aim to identify
and optimize novel lead structures for potential drug candidates.
Bayer Annual Report 2019

A Combined Management Report 48
1.3 Focus on Innovation

In the same month, we also entered into an exclusive license agreement with Daré Bioscience
Inc., San Diego, United States, concerning U.S. commercial rights to Ovaprene™ once the
contraceptive has been approved by the FDA. Ovaprene™ is a hormone-free, intravaginal ring
that is currently in clinical development for pregnancy prevention. If approved, it could be the first

monthly nonhormonal contraceptive product.

The following table shows examples of the main R&D collaborations.

A 1.3/7

Main Collaborations
Partner

Arvinas, Inc.

Collaboration objective

Research collaboration in the field of life sciences using novel PROTAC™
(proteolysis-targeting chimeras) technology from Arvinas to develop new
pharmaceuticals to treat cardiovascular, oncological and gynecological diseases

Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Massachusetts

Hospital

Joint laboratory for research into new drug candidates to treat chronic lung diseases

Bristol-Myers Squibb and Ono Pharmaceutical

Clinical collaboration to evaluate new combination possibilities for Stivarga™
(regorafenib) with immuno-oncologics

Broad Institute

Strategic partnership to research and develop new therapeutic options in the fields of
cardiovascular medicine and oncology and establishment of a joint research laboratory

Compugen Ltd.

Research and development of new immunotherapy approaches in oncology

Daré Bioscience, Inc.

License agreement for U.S. commercial rights to hormone-free contraceptive
Ovaprene™ in the future

Dewpoint Therapeutics, Inc.

Option, research and license agreement for the development of new treatments for
cardiovascular and gynecological diseases, with the partnership leveraging Dewpoint's
proprietary platform for biomolecular condensates and Bayer's compound library

Evotec AG

Collaboration to identify development candidates for the treatment of endometriosis
and kidney diseases and to develop multiple clinical candidates for the treatment of
polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)

Exscientia Ltd.

Collaboration in early research projects to treat cardiovascular and oncological diseases

Foundation Medicine Inc.

Collaboration for the development and commercialization of therapy-accompanying
diagnositc tests, also known as companion diagnostics (CDx), based on next-
generation sequencing for new cancer drugs developed by Bayer

German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ)

Strategic partnership to research and develop new therapeutic options in oncology,
especially in immunotherapy, and establishment of a joint research laboratory

Haplogen GmbH

Research collaboration in the field of pulmonary diseases such as chronic obstructive
pulmonary disease (COPD)

lonis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Development of the antisense drug IONIS-FXIRx for thrombosis prevention and
development of IONIS-FXI-LRx in the preclinical phase

Janssen Research & Development,
LLC of Johnson & Johnson

Development and marketing of Xarelto™ (rivaroxaban) for the treatment of coagulation
disorders

Kyoto University

Research alliance to identify new therapeutic approaches for pulmonary diseases

MD Anderson Cancer Center

Development collaboration in oncology

Merck & Co., Inc.

Development and marketing collaboration in the field of soluble guanylate cyclase
(sGC) modulation

Orion Corporation

Development and marketing of darolutamide (previously ODM-201) for the treatment of
patients with prostate cancer

Peking University

Research collaboration and establishment of a research center for joint projects

PeptiDream Inc.

Active ingredient research in various therapeutic areas and target classes with the help
of PeptiDream's Peptide Discovery Platform System Technology

Tsinghua University

Research collaboration and establishment of a research center for joint projects

Ultragenyx Pharmaceuticals

Research and development of a novel gene therapy for the treatment of hemophilia A

University of Oxford

Strategic research partnership to develop novel gynecological therapies

Vanderbilt University Medical Center

Strategic research alliance to identify and develop new potential active ingredients for
he treatment of kidney diseases

Wilmer Eye Institute of Johns Hopkins University

Research and development of innovative drug products to treat serious back-of-the-
eye diseases

X-Chem, Inc.

Active ingredient research in various therapeutic areas and target classes

Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 49
1.4 Commitment to Employees

Consumer Health

At Consumer Health, we concentrate on developing new nonprescription (OTC) products and
solutions that improve consumer health and well-being in the areas of pain, cardiovascular risk
prevention, dermatology, nutritional supplements, digestive health, allergy and cough and cold.
The focus lies on product developments that are aligned to the desires and needs of consumers.
Our innovations range from new product formulations and packaging to technical applications
and medical devices. In addition, we developed around 30 new consumer-validated concepts

in 2019, thus exceeding our target. We are strengthening Consumer Health’s innovation pipeline
with more than 100 active projects which we are developing across all our categories. These Bayer worldwide;
include core and adjacent innovations as well as transformational innovations that could see also A 1.1.2/3
significantly advance self-care products for consumers worldwide.® Consumer Health maintains
a global network of research and development facilities, with sites in the United States, France,
Germany and China. A further important part of our innovation strategy is transitioning current
prescription medicines that are suitable for self-care to OTC status (Rx-to-OTC switches).

1.4 Commitment to Employees

Defining our corporate culture through values, dialogue and diversity

Continued focus on integrating employees from the acquired agriculture
business

Bayer’s business success is based to a large extent on the knowledge and commitment of our
employees. As an employer, we offer our employees attractive conditions and wide-ranging
individual development opportunities. Alongside professional training, we focus on our corporate
values (LIFE) and on establishing a dialogue- and feedback-oriented culture based on trust,
intentional inclusion, and respect for diversity and equality of opportunity, which is also
summarized in our corporate policy entitled “Fairness and Respect at Work.” Our employees
worldwide are trained to comply with these guidelines. We measure the engagement and
satisfaction of our employees by means of institutionalized feedback discussions and regular
employee surveys.

Responsibility for the human resources strategy of the Bayer Group falls within the remit of the
Board of Management with the support of Bayer’s Human Resources enabling function. The
strategy is globally implemented within the scope of binding policies.

Employees at all Bayer sites around the world have the right to elect their own representatives. In
2019, the working conditions for around 55% (2018: 57%°) of our employees worldwide were
governed by collective or company agreements.

Employee data

On December 31, 2019, we employed 103,824 people (2018: 107,894) worldwide. In Germany BR

we had 24,953 (2018: 25,602) employees, which was 24.0% of the total Group workforce (2018: Bayer AG key data:
23.7%). Global headcount fell by 3.8% in 2019 owing in particular to the restructuring measures see also A 1.7
launched at the beginning of the year and the divestments in our Consumer Health Division. The

employees of the Animal Health business and of Currenta, the sales of which were agreed upon or

completed in the course of 2019, are no longer included in the headcount of our continuing

operations with retroactive effect.

® Core innovation means optimizing existing products for existing customers. Adjacent innovation refers to the extension of existing
brands to new market segments. And transformational innovation refers to achieving breakthroughs and creating new markets that
do not yet exist.

° 2018 figure as last reported
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 50
1.4 Commitment to Employees

The decline in employee numbers as a result of the restructuring and portfolio measures is also
reflected in the development in all the regions. Relatively speaking, headcount dropped the most
in Latin and North America. As part of the integration of the acquired agriculture business, we
transferred around 970 employees from the Crop Science Division to the service companies and
other units.

In 2019, the Bayer Group hired 12,547 new employees (accounting for 11.8% of our workforce).
On the reporting date, our employees had worked for the Bayer Group for an average of

10.2 years (2018: 9.8). Our workforce includes only a small number of employees on temporary
contracts (4.9%).

Restructuring measures

We act with social responsibility when changes and restructuring measures are necessary. For
example, we will complete the worldwide reduction of around 12,000 jobs initiated in late 2018 by
the end of 2021 on the basis of local laws and regulations, meaning that there might be different
solutions in different countries. In all countries we aim to minimize the impact on employees

and find mutually agreeable solutions in cases where job cuts are necessary. In Germany, the
company’s largest operational base, business-related dismissals are fundamentally excluded in
the major companies through the end of 2025 under agreements with the employee
representatives.

We made good progress with the planned Group-wide measures in 2019. Voluntary severance
agreements are the most important tool for the job cuts announced in Germany. Flexible
models with attractive conditions have been offered to employees of various age groups since
February 2019.
Bayer Annual Report 2019

A Combined Management Report 51
1.4 Commitment to Employees

A14/1
Employee Data seis 2019 change
Total 107,894 103,824 -3.8
by Region
13.3% Latin America 45.2% Europe/ 2018 2019 Change %
Middle East / ———_- —
Africa Europe/Middle
East/Africa 48,390 46,933 -3.0
° . ‘e:
21.5% Asia/Pacific 20 7 e) North America 21,951 20,735 -5.5
Asia/Pacific 22,863 22,341 -2.3
Latin America 14,690 13,815 -6.0
20.0% North America X
by Division
20.3% Service functions 2078 2019 Change %
and other 37.1% Pharmaceuticals Crop Science 38,109 33,866 -1141
Pharmaceuticals 38,478 38,553 +0.2
PO 7 9g Consumer Health 11,050 10,400 -5.9
Service functions
and other 20,257 21,005 +3.7
32.6% Crop Science 10.0% Consumer Health
by Function
9.0% General administration 2018 2019 Change %
a Production 40,979 40,814 -0.4
15.4% R&D Marketing &
distribution 40,435 37,665 -6.9
PO 7 9g 39.3% Production R&D 16,835 16,006 -4.9
General
36.3% Marketing administration 9,645 9,339 -3.2
& distribution
by Gender Women Men
40.5% Women 59.5% Men SUE 2018 2019 2018 2019
Europe/Middle
2.1% 56.7% permanently East/Africa 21,182 20,609 27,258 26,324
| 5 ‘0
temporarily employed = employed North America 8,465 7,799 13,486 12,936
PO 7 9 Asia/Pacific 8,700 8,542 14,163 13,799
2.8% temporarily Latin America 5,310 5,089 9,380 8,726
38.4% employed
eo Total 43,607 42,039 64,287 61,785

permanently employed

by Age Group in %
32 32

30 — 27 27

05 — 22 22

20 — 14 14

15 —

10 — 5 5
5— 0.1 0.1 |

<20 20-29 30-39 40-49 50-59 >60

2018 = mmm 2019

2018 figures restated
Number of employees in full-time equivalents (FTE)

Fluctuation in %

Voluntary Total
% 2018 2019 2018 2019
Women 6.1 7.2 14.2 15.3
Men 5.1 6.2 15.2 14.7
Total 5.5 6.6 14.8 15.0

Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
1.4 Commitment to Employees

Employee compensation and variable pay

Our compensation system combines a basic salary reflecting performance and responsibility with
elements based on the company’s success, such as variable one-time payments, plus additional
benefits that include stock participation programs. Senior managers throughout the Bayer Group
are invited to participate in Aspire, a uniform long-term compensation program based on the
development of the share price. Adjustments based on continuous benchmarking make our
compensation internationally competitive.

Alongside providing attractive compensation for their work, Bayer contributes to the financial
security of its present and former employees after their retirement. Retirement benefit plans are
available to 78% (2018: 80%"°) of Bayer employees worldwide to complement national pension
systems.

A 1.4/2

Personnel Expenses and Pension Obligations
€ million 2018 2019
Personnel expenses 10,778 11,788
of which pension expenses 878 968
Pension obligations’ 25,869 25,879
Pension benefits paid? 1,123 1,198

2018 figures restated
' Present value of defined benefit obligations for pensions and other post-employment benefits as of December 31
? Including Animal Health and Currents (until their deconsolidation)

The increase in personnel expenses is essentially due to the first full-year inclusion of the
employees of the acquired agriculture business and additions to provisions in connection with the
restructuring measures. In addition, provisions of around €890 million (2018: €1,070 million for
employees in continuing operations) were established in 2019 for variable one-time payments to
employees under the Group-wide short-term incentive (STI) program and similar programs.
Furthermore, a budget of approximately €70 million was made available in 2019 for individual Top
Performance Awards.

Our compensation principles comprise maintaining equal pay for men and women, providing fair
compensation and informing our employees transparently about the overall structure of their
compensation. As standard practice, Bayer pays at least a “living wage,” which is annually
reviewed and defined worldwide by the nonprofit organization Business for Social Responsibility,
and compensates employees on both permanent and temporary employment contracts in excess
of the statutory minimum wage in many of the countries in which we operate. That makes Bayer
one of the first companies in the world to commit to this concept.

Vocational and ongoing training
To meet the need for skilled employees, Bayer provides vocational training in Germany in more 8

| *

than 25 different occupations and offers more vocational training places than required to meet its www.bayer.com/

own needs. In total, we have around 1,400 apprentices. Bayer also offers trainee programs in training
various areas for those embarking on a career and internships for students around the world.

A wide range of ongoing training opportunities is available to our employees in the form of both
e-learning and face-to-face training. Each employee engaged in an average of around 23 hours of
ongoing training in 2019.

Digitalization

Through special training courses, we are systematically preparing our employees for the digital
evolution. Furthermore, there are some areas in which we already leverage the opportunities
offered by artificial intelligence — such as the execution of internal standard processes with the
help of robotic process automation. In the area of recruiting, we are testing new, intelligent

1° 2018 figure as last reported
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 53
1.4 Commitment to Employees

algorithms to discover how innovative technologies can support our HR employees in selecting
talented personnel for vacant positions.

Work-life balance

We offer our employees flexible working hours, allow them to take parental leave within the scope 6

of the relevant legal regulations and support them in child care or caring for close relatives. In www.bayer.com/
2019, part-time employees accounted for around 8.4% of the Bayer Group workforce (of which career

59.4% were women and 40.6% men), primarily in Europe.

Inclusion and diversity

Mutual understanding and a corporate culture that leverages talented employees of different
educational and professional backgrounds and perspectives are important success factors for the
Bayer Group. We create an inclusive workplace where all employees feel welcome and are able to
contribute to bringing best-in-class solutions for the benefit of all. Inclusion and diversity also
plays an important role in meeting and anticipating the needs of our customers.

The percentage of women in the total headcount remained virtually constant at 40.5% (2018:
40.4%). We focus on achieving a better gender balance in management. In 2019, women
accounted for a 40.5% (2018: 41.4%) share of the total of 37,309 managerial employees and a
40.4% (2018: 40.0%) share of specialized personnel. The proportion of women in the Group
Leadership Circle, the highest management level below the Board of Management, increased
again compared to previous years. By the end of 2019, it was made up of 22.5% women (2010:
6.5%").

The Group Leadership Circle currently comprises 29 nationalities (2018: 30), with around 65.8%
(2018: 67.9%) of its members working in their native country. Information on diversity in our Board
of Management and our Supervisory Board can be found in our Corporate Governance Report.

The average age of our employees is 42 (2018: 42). There were no significant changes to the age
structure in 2019 compared to 2018.

In 2019, we further developed our inclusion and diversity strategy. The comprehensive approach
is supported across the organization through a global, regional and local structure. People with
disabilities are an integral part of our workforce. Based on voluntary statements by employees, we
employ some 2,250 people with disabilities, 46% of whom are women and 54% men. That
represents around 2.1% of our total workforce.

Health promotion
Almost 98% (2018: 98%"*) of our employees worldwide either have statutory health insurance or
can obtain health insurance through the company.

We aim to provide employees in all countries with access to regular medical check-ups, sports
programs, rehabilitation and on-site medical care.

" Figure as last reported
1 2018 figure as last reported
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
1.5 Procurement and Supplier Management

1.5 Procurement and Supplier Management

Requirements raised in the Supplier Code of Conduct

Sustainability and supplier management processes in procurement
harmonized

We exert influence on society and the environment through our procurement activities and
supplier relationships. Not only economic, but also ethical, social and ecological principles are
therefore anchored in our Procurement Policy, which is binding for all employees worldwide. From
2020, the procurement function of the acquired agriculture business will fully operate according to
the globally valid Bayer Procurement Policy.

As a cross-divisional enabling function, Procurement leverages synergies by bundling know-how
and procurement spend. In 2019, we had a total of 86,400 (2018: 85,599) suppliers. Our
procurement spend was €17.6 billion (2018: €15.6 billion).'%

Our main direct procurement materials include active ingredients, raw materials, intermediates,
finished products and seed. Technical goods and services, marketing services and research and
development are important components of our indirect procurement portfolio.

Procurement operates according to established procurement and supplier management
processes. Long-term contracts and active supplier management for strategically important goods
and services are important elements here. They serve to minimize procurement-specific risks such
as supply disruptions or significant price fluctuations, as well as to safeguard the company’s
competitiveness and ensure smooth production processes.

Sustainability in the supply chain

Clear, sustainability-oriented criteria and standards apply to our supply chain at both a global and
regional level. A four-step management process is thus established throughout the company to
improve sustainability practices in the supply chain, comprising awareness-raising and supplier
nomination, performance evaluation and development. The suppliers of the acquired agriculture
business were included in the four-step management process in 2019 (with the exception of seed
growers, who are subject to a separate human rights assessment process due to particular risks
in the agricultural industry).

Our sustainability requirements are established in the Supplier Code of Conduct updated in 2019,
which is based on our Bayer Human Rights Policy and the principles of the U.N. Global Compact.
The code serves as the basis for selecting and evaluating our suppliers and is integrated into
electronic ordering systems and contracts throughout the Bayer Group. Furthermore, Bayer’s
standard supply contracts contain a clause that authorizes Bayer to verify suppliers’ compliance
with our sustainability requirements. From the beginning of 2020, all standard supply contracts
(including those of the acquired agriculture business) will contain this clause.

Bayer verifies the observance of the code requirements by its suppliers through online
assessments" or on-site audits'®. We evaluate our strategically important suppliers, comprising
altogether more than 25% of our total procurement spend, and suppliers with a high sustainability
risk, which combines both country and category risks. Our assessment process also includes
supplier evaluations produced within the scope of industry initiatives. In total, our service provider
EcoVadis assessed 650 (2018: 715) suppliers on our behalf in 2019. In 2019, we arranged for 62

‘8 In addition, internal services to the value of €0.3 billion (2018: €0.3 billion) were procured from the Currenta group at the time
of Currenta’s deconsolidation.

4 The online assessments of suppliers that belong to a company group generally take place at parent company level.

'S The number of evaluations comprises suppliers of continuing and discontinued operations in both 2018 and 2019.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 55
1.6 Product Stewardship

(2018: 79) of our suppliers to be audited on site by external, independent auditors. '® In 2019, 103
suppliers (2018: 130) were evaluated through an HSE audit, with the focus on health, safety and
environmental protection.

If critical results are recorded in the event of a serious violation or several major findings being
identified in a supplier's sustainability performance, specific improvement measures are then
jointly defined. In 2019, critical results were determined for 11 suppliers (2% of all assessed and
audited suppliers; 2018: 2% (17 suppliers)). In these cases, we request the suppliers to remedy
the identified weaknesses. We monitor the implementation of these activities by way of re-
assessments or follow-up audits. We reserve the right to terminate a supplier relationship if no
improvement is observed during a re-evaluation. In 2019, Bayer did not have to end any supplier
relationship due solely to sustainability performance. In 2019, 332 (2018: 343) of the 712

(2018: 794) suppliers assessed and audited improved their sustainability performance.

1.6 Product Stewardship

For us, product stewardship means that our products satisfy the highest quality standards and are
safe for people, animals and the environment when properly used. We respect legal requirements,
and our voluntary commitment and internal standards go beyond these in various areas. We have
put in place suitable directives and management systems for the implementation of regulatory and
voluntary product stewardship requirements that are steered by our Corporate Health, Safety &
Environment enabling function and the quality functions of the divisions.

Assessment and testing of active ingredients and products

Along the entire value chain, our substances and finished products undergo extensive assessment
and testing that we use to derive appropriate measures to mitigate health and environmental risks.
Our divisions have quality management systems based on sector-specific international standards.
Through binding company-wide quality assurance, we guarantee high-quality, safe and effective
products and services that satisfy all internal and external requirements and meet customer
expectations. In this way we work to prevent customer complaints, product recalls, cross-
contamination and other problems. For all chemical substances, we compile safety data sheets
targeting professional users. End consumer products contain appropriate information in their
packaging, an example being package inserts for pharmaceuticals. We also conduct
environmental risk assessments and implement risk management measures subsequent to
product registration.

At Crop Science, we already examine our crop protection products during the early development
phase, with regard to their mode of action, their (eco)toxicological properties and the extent of
potential residues in plants and the environment, in tests required by law. Each new crop
protection active ingredient undergoes a thorough safety assessment and suitable scientific
studies and testing.

Furthermore, we have made a voluntary commitment to market only those crop protection
products whose active ingredients are registered in at least one OECD country or, in the case of
new active ingredients, for which an OECD data package has been compiled.

Bayer aims to strengthen our customers’ and stakeholders’ confidence in our products through 6
transparency and Crop Science is the first business in its industry to make safety-relevant data on https://cropscience-
crop protection products publicly available. More than 230 summaries of scientific studies transparency.bayer.com/

submitted to the European Food Safety Authority in connection with the registration procedures en

for 28 of our active ingredients in the European Union are already available on an online platform.

'8 The suppliers gained through the acquired agriculture business were not yet included in the on-site audits and will be completely
integrated into Bayer’s evaluation processes from 2020.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 56
1.6 Product Stewardship

These reports include information on toxicological and ecotoxicological studies and investigations
into degradability. Detailed study reports are available on request.

In the sale and application of crop protection products and technologies, we observe the
International Code of Conduct on Pesticide Management of the United Nations Food and
Agriculture Organization (FAO). The principles of our product stewardship are established in our
Product Stewardship Policy and implemented in the Product Stewardship Program. We provide
farmers, seed treatment professionals, dealers and other stakeholders with dedicated training on
how to use our products safely and aim to increase the intensity of our training activities
worldwide.

The Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health divisions assess the medical benefit-risk profile of
their pharmaceuticals, medicinal products, dietary supplements and medicated skincare products
throughout their entire product life cycle. The efficacy, safety and tolerability of pharmaceuticals
are investigated in preclinical and Phase | to III clinical development studies. These results and the
benefit-risk assessment are submitted to the relevant authorities during the pharmaceutical
registration process. We continue to compile safety-relevant information in a dedicated database
following market launch of the product. Post-Authorization Safety Studies (PASS) are also
conducted after approval. The results are entered into the PASS registry in compliance with E.U.
pharmacovigilance legislation.

Animal welfare in active ingredient testing

Animal studies are legally required and essential from a scientific viewpoint for assessing the
safety and efficacy of our products. Such studies must comply not just with legal requirements,
but also with Bayer’s principles on animal welfare and animal studies. The latter also apply to both
the research institutes we commission and our suppliers, whose compliance with our animal
welfare requirements we regularly monitor. We aim to minimize the use of study animals and to
employ alternative methods whenever possible.

Environmental impact
In the course of our business activities, we aim to monitor the impact of our products on the
environment.

Biodiversity

We aim to use natural resources responsibly and respect biodiversity. Our principles on
biodiversity are set forth in both the Bayer Human Rights Policy and our own position on this issue
that was updated in 2019. In this, we express our commitment to the United Nations Convention
on Biological Diversity and the associated Nagoya Protocol, which regulates the balanced and fair
sharing of the benefits arising from the use of genetic resources. We published a supplementary
corporate policy dedicated to the Nagoya Protocol in 2019.

Agriculture in particular benefits significantly from biodiversity but it can also contribute to its loss.
Crop Science is therefore investigating and developing cultivation systems that help to achieve a
better balance between productivity and the conservation of biodiversity and habitats.

Operational implementation is ensured through specific measures with our customers and
distribution partners.

Bee safety and crop protection products
We contribute our experience in crop protection to numerous projects, Such as our Bee Care
activities, and partnerships with the goal of protecting and improving pollinator health.

6)

https://www.bayer.com/
en/position-
biodiversity.aspx
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
1.6 Product Stewardship

To minimize risks posed to bees by our crop protection products, we perform extensive safety
testing and risk assessments. We also implement product stewardship measures, including
certification for seed treatment facilities, knowledge-sharing and educational training courses for
growers to help them understand the benefits that pollinators can bring for crop quality and yield
and the need to protect them, and training programs for farmers who use our products. In
addition, we develop bee-friendly crop protection products and processes. The first tests to
measure bee toxicity are conducted as early as the development stage.

We are also convinced that our insecticides, including the neonicotinoids, have a favorable
environmental safety profile and are not dangerous to bee colonies when used according to label
instructions.

Glyphosate

Glyphosate is a nonselective herbicide used in many countries for effective, simple and cost-
effective weed control. It works in plants by specifically inhibiting an enzyme that is essential to
plant growth. This enzyme is not found in cells of humans or animals. Glyphosate has a proven
track record of more than 40 years of safe use when used according to label directions. This is
confirmed by science-based evaluations conducted by regulatory bodies and other institutions
such as the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA), the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
and the Canadian Pest Management Regulatory Agency (PMRA).

Combining glyphosate with crops that could withstand applications of this herbicide transformed
agriculture. Farmers who cultivate glyphosate-tolerant crops tend to adopt conservation tillage,
which brings its own benefits in terms of reduced soil erosion, improved water quality and lower
carbon dioxide (COz) emissions. In agricultural systems where glyphosate-tolerant crops are not
available, glyphosate still provides benefits for farmers and the environment by simplifying weed
management and reducing the need for mechanical tillage and enabling the adoption of cover
crops. Outside of agriculture glyphosate delivers benefits for noxious or invasive weed control.

With these benefits in mind, it is also important to note that reliance on a single herbicidal site of
action to control weeds can lead to resistant weed biotypes. As has been the case in the past,
natural selection of resistant weeds has meant that farmers and others needing to manage weeds
have had to adapt and implement evolving weed management strategies.

Glyphosate’s favorable environmental safety profile underlies its ability to be used in many diverse
settings. Glyphosate degrades in the environment and does not accumulate in the food chain. It is
not volatile and will bind to soil after application rather than run off into waterways. Detailed
reviews by the EFSA, EPA, PMRA and other regulatory authorities have concluded that approved
uses of glyphosate-based herbicides are unlikely to cause adverse effects on the environment.

Bayer scientists regularly review the scientific literature relevant to glyphosate and glyphosate-
based herbicides and are aware of the range of claims made in connection with these products.
Regulatory agencies responsible for overseeing these products to protect human health and the
environment are also aware of these studies and consider them when preparing their reviews.

With regard to risks associated with glyphosate we refer to A 3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report.
See also Note [30] to B Consolidated Financial Statements (Legal Risks) for information on current
court cases.
1.7 Environmental Protection and Safety

Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report / 58

Biotechnology

Bayer applies biotechnological processes both in the area of seeds and in pharmaceutical product
development and production, such as for Kogenate™, Kovaltry™ and Jivi™. Further
biotechnologically manufactured active ingredients are undergoing clinical development. In plant
cultivation, we use conventional breeding methods and genetic engineering.

For us, safety for people and the environment is always a top priority in the use of biotechnology.
In addition to meeting legal and regulatory requirements, we have specified the responsible use of
genetic engineering and strict, globally applicable safety measures in handling biological
substances in corresponding corporate policies.

The development and commercialization of genetically improved seeds is also subject to stringent
laws and regulations. We have additionally established internal processes to ensure the
responsible use of biotechnologically manufactured products throughout their life cycle.
Furthermore, in 2019, Crop Science maintained its membership in the Excellence Through
Stewardship (ETS) organization.

Active ingredient residues in the environment

Small volumes of pharmaceutical and crop protection active ingredients can enter the
environment during production and use and through improper disposal. Surface waters are
particularly relevant here. All divisions carry out their own ecotoxicological investigations on their
active ingredients to assess the potential environmental impact of these products. Building on
this, extensive environmental risk assessments are performed on all crop protection active
ingredients in connection with the official approval process and, if necessary, risk mitigation
measures are specified. All new active ingredients for human pharmaceuticals in Europe and the
United States are subject to an environmental risk assessment.

Compliance with the relevant wastewater thresholds at our production sites worldwide is reviewed
by supervisory authorities and external assessors and also at regular intervals through on-site
audits by internal experts. To further reduce the release of active ingredients into the environment,
we take additional action in our production facilities. We are also participating in various research
projects to develop reduction measures.

1.7 Environmental Protection and Safety

We are working on ways to further reduce the environmental impact of our business activities
and develop solutions that reduce the burden on the environment. Responsibility for this lies with
the Corporate Health, Safety & Environment (HSE) enabling function, which stipulates framework
conditions in the form of corporate policies and other measures. We use HSE management
systems to control operational implementation in the divisions.

Energy consumption

Compared with 2018, Bayer’s total energy consumption rose by 34.0% to 38.7 petajoules in 2019
(2018: 28.9 petajoules). This includes both primary energy consumption, which mainly relates to
fossil fuels, and secondary energy consumption. In connection with the agriculture business
acquisition, Bayer has taken over sites for seed production and also, among others, for the
extraction of raw materials for the manufacture of intermediates for crop protection products,
which involves energy-intensive treatment and downstream processing. The full-year integration of
these process steps into the value chain increases the values for the performance indicators for
energy consumption.

Energy efficiency reported as the ratio of energy consumed to external sales deteriorated from
218.51 kWh/€ thousand to 247.15 kWh/€ thousand in 2019.

6)

www.i-pie.org

www.dialog-
spurenstoffstrategie.de
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 59
1.7 Environmental Protection and Safety

Greenhouse gas emissions

We consider climate protection and the related reduction of greenhouse gas emissions to be a 6
top priority. We have therefore set ourselves ambitious targets in this area that are explained in www.bayer.com/
more detail in Chapter 1.2.1 Strategy and Targets. CDP-Climate

We also aim to reduce emissions from our up- and downstream value chain between 2020 and
2030 in absolute terms and are currently examining available levers.

The following table provides an overview of the development in 2019:

A1.7/1
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Million metric tons of CO2 equivalents 2018 2019
Direct emissions' 1.50 2.03
Indirect emissions? according to the market-based method 1.38 1.68
Total greenhouse gas emissions according to the market-based method 2.88 3.71

2018 figures restated

' Direct emissions result from our own power plants, vehicles, waste incineration plants and production facilities (Scope 1). In line
with the GHG Protocol, we also report the direct emissions that arise through the generation of energy for other companies and are
sold as a site service. Consequently, the figures for direct emissions of the Bayer Group are higher than the actual emissions
resulting from Bayer’s business activities alone. In 2019, 97.2% of direct greenhouse gas emissions were COz emissions. Other
greenhouse gases such as nitrous oxide, partially fluorinated hydrocarbons and methane made a negligible contribution to direct
greenhouse gas emissions.

? Indirect emissions result from the procurement of electricity, steam and cooling energy (Scope 2). We report these in CO2
equivalents.

The increase in greenhouse gas emissions is due to the first full-year inclusion of the sites of the
acquired agriculture business. In 2018, these were only included on a pro rata basis for the period
following the acquisition in June 2018.

Water

We use water resources as sparingly as possible and are endeavoring to further reduce emissions
into water. We check whether our sites in water-scarce areas or areas identified as being
threatened by water scarcity have introduced a water management system and take the
appropriate action if necessary.

In 2019, total water use was 59 million cubic meters (2018: 42 million cubic meters). This year-on-

year increase in use is due to the first full-year inclusion of the sites of the acquired agriculture e)
business. Some 36.3% of all water used by Bayer is cooling water that is only heated in this www.bayer.com/
process and does not come into contact with products. It can be returned to the water cycle, in CDP-Water

line with the relevant official permits.

At our production facilities, we endeavor to use water several times and to recycle it. The total
quantity of industrial and mixed wastewater was 26 million cubic meters in 2019 (2018: 18 million
cubic meters), which is 42.1% more than in 2018. This increase in use is due especially to the full-
year inclusion of the sites of the acquired agriculture business. All wastewater is subject to exact
controls before it is discharged into the various disposal channels. In 2019, 81.9% of Bayer’s
industrial and mixed wastewater worldwide was purified in wastewater treatment plants (Bayer or
third-party facilities). The remaining volume was categorized as environmentally safe according to
official provisions and returned to the natural water cycle.

Waste and recycling

We want to minimize material consumption and disposal volumes through systematic waste
management. In accordance with Bayer’s corporate policies, all production sites are obliged

to prevent, recycle and reduce waste and to dispose of it safely and in line with good
environmental practices. The total quantity of waste generated rose by 54.7% — from 568,000
to 879,000 metric tons — in 2019. This increase is due to the full-year inclusion of the sites of
the acquired agriculture business and the demolition of a building and further construction work
at the Bergkamen site in Germany. The volume of hazardous waste rose by 4.4% to

316,000 metric tons (2018: 303,000 metric tons). The volume of hazardous waste from
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 60
1.7 Environmental Protection and Safety

production rose slightly by 0.4% from 282,000 to 283,000 metric tons because of increased
production at the Muttenz site in Switzerland.

Process and plant safety

We aim to design and operate our processes and production facilities in such a way that they do

not pose any inappropriate risks to employees, the environment or neighboring communities. We

are working to further develop our safety culture, the expertise of employees and our globally

applicable corporate policies on process and plant safety. Compliance with internal and external

safety regulations is verified in internal audits. 6

To prevent substance and energy releases, the causes of PSIs (Process Safety Incidents) are www.bayer.com/en/
analyzed and relevant findings communicated throughout the Bayer Group. A globally standardized _safety.aspx
key performance indicator (KPI) — Process Safety Incident Rate (PSI-R)'” - is used at Bayer as an

early indicator and is integrated into Group-wide safety reporting. The Process Safety Incident Rate

indicates the number of PSI incidents per 200,000 hours worked. In 2019, the PSI-R was 0.10.

Intensive analyses, site visits and expert-level discussions have shown that the plant safety
approaches pursued at Bayer and in the acquired agriculture business are comparable. Based on
this analysis, an integration project was initiated to ensure in-depth harmonization of the systems
in the years ahead.

Transportation safety

Transportation and warehouse safety is part of the HSE management and led by a network of
experts and experienced users who cooperate across the Group. In addition to legal regulations,
we have implemented supplementary standards and requirements that are defined in internal
procedures. We thereby ensure that our materials are handled and transported in accordance
with applicable regulations and their respective potential hazards. The acquired agriculture
business continues to have its own regulations on and processes for transportation safety that will
still apply until Bayer’s transportation and storage safety requirements have been introduced in
the course of 2020. The number of transport incidents pertains to both Bayer and the acquired
business.

There were 28 transport incidents'® in 2019 (2018: 10), primarily involving road transport
accidents. Three of the transport incidents were also classed as environmental incidents'9.

Safe working conditions

Nothing is important enough to justify an accident. We consider safeguarding the occupational
health of our employees, and of the employees of contractors on our company premises and
under the supervision of Bayer, to be a top priority. In 2019, the RIR®° rose from 0.40 to 0.46
cases per 200,000 hours worked, corresponding to 599 occupational injuries worldwide (2018:
487). Regrettably, one Bayer employee (2018: 2) lost his life in a work-related accident in 2019.
We will not let up in our efforts to further reduce risks and risky behavior.

Our Behavioral Safety initiative promotes safety-conscious conduct through corresponding
training programs. Around 13,000 employees have been trained at 143 sites worldwide since
2015. Behavioral improvements were achieved in areas in which the program has already been
implemented, and the Recordable Incident Rate is therefore expected to decline across the
Bayer Group in the medium term.

‘7 In 2019, we changed over to the reporting criteria of the International Council of Chemical Associations (ICCA) and now report the
discharge of chemical substances or utilities as Process Safety Incidents (PSI). Previously we reported according to the criteria of
the European Chemical Association (CEFIC).

'8 Transport incidents include accidents that cause personal injury or significant damage to property, environmental impact resulting
from the release of substances, or leakage of hazardous goods.

'8 Factors that determine whether there is a reporting obligation include, in particular, the nature and quantity of the substance that
was leaked or released into the environment, the amount of damage caused and any consequences for nearby residents. In
accordance with our internal voluntary commitment, we report any leakage of substances with a high hazard potential from a
quantity of 100 kilograms upward.

°° The RIR covers all injuries to employees leading to medical treatment that goes beyond simple first aid.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 61
2.1 Overview of Business Performance

2, Report on Economic Position

2.1 Overview of Business Performance

2.1.1 Economic Position and Target Attainment

Our business expanded in 2019. Sales increased by 3.5% on a currency- and portfolio-adjusted
basis (Fx & portfolio adj.). EBITDA before special items rose by 28.3%, despite negative currency
effects. Crop Science posted an increase in sales (Fx & portfolio adj.), while EBITDA before
special items rose significantly, mainly due to the contribution from the acquired business.
Pharmaceuticals posted strong growth in sales and earnings, with gains in China and the ongoing
positive development of our products Xarelto™ and Eylea™ playing an especially important part.
Consumer Health also expanded business on a currency- and portfolio-adjusted basis, while
EBITDA before special items of this division came in at the prior-year level. Earnings per share
(total) more than doubled, reflecting not just the rise in earnings from operations, but also the
proceeds from the divestment of our stake in Currenta (€1.6 billion) and other factors. Core
earnings per share from continuing operations rose by 14.3%, due particularly to the earnings
contribution from the acquired agriculture business and the positive business performance at
Pharmaceuticals.

In the Group outlook published in February 2019 in our Annual Report 2018, we anticipated
currency- and portfolio-adjusted sales of €46 billion, EBITDA before special items of
approximately €12.2 billion and core earnings per share of around €6.80. This original forecast
was issued on the basis of all businesses being continuing operations since the timing of the
envisioned portfolio measures (in particular the sale of Animal Health and Currenta) was not yet
sufficiently certain. As the conditions for presenting Animal Health and Currenta as discontinued
operations had been fulfilled during the year, we adjusted our forecast in October for the entire
fiscal year to include continuing operations only. We also adjusted the forecast to reflect prevailing
exchange rates. We largely met this full-year forecast in terms of the Group’s operational
management indicators:

A2.1.1/1

Target Attainment 2019

Forecast 20191

| Nominas | | Nomina | CETTE IEE. One -eESOC)

Target Attainment Forecast 20191 Target Attainment

Group sales ~ €43.5 billion €43.5 billion ~ €43 billion €43.0 billion
~4% increase (Fx & p adj.) 3.5% increase (Fx & p adj.)
EBITDA before ~ €11.5 billion €11.5 billion ~ €11.6 billion €11.5 billion

special items

Core earnings ~ €6.35 €6.40 ~ €6.45 €6.47
per share

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted
‘Issued in October 2019; based on original forecast for 2019 excluding discontinued operations (Animal Health & Currenta);
nominal forecast based on closing rates on Sept. 30, 2019
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 62
2.1 Overview of Business Performance

2.1.2 Key Events
We made further progress in implementing our strategic objectives in 2019, comprising the
following portfolio measures:

// \n July, the sale of Consumer Health’s global prescription dermatology business outside the
United States to LEO Pharma A/S, Ballerup, Denmark, was completed following the transfer of
the U.S. business in September 2018. The purchase price for the remaining business was
approximately €0.6 billion and the divestment gain €0.3 billion.

// In August, we completed the sale of the Coppertone™ brand to Beiersdorf AG for a preliminary
purchase price of approximately US$0.6 billion. The transaction includes the global product
rights to Coppertone™, the transfer of the approximately 450 employees in the United States,
Canada and China, and the production facility in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. An agreement
concerning this divestment had been concluded in May 2019.

// Also in August, Bayer entered into an agreement to sell its Animal Health business unit to
Elanco Animal Health Incorporated, Greenfield, Indiana, United States, for a purchase price of
US$7.6 billion that is subject to customary purchase price adjustments. The transaction volume
comprises US$5.3 billion in cash and US$2.3 billion in Elanco stock based on the unaffected
30-day volume-weighted average price as of August 6, 2019. The number of shares
constituting the equity consideration is fixed within a 7.5% collar.*! The divestment is expected
to be concluded in mid-2020 subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions,
including antitrust clearance.

// In September, we completed the acquisition of BlueRock Therapeutics L.P., Cambridge,
Massachusetts, United States, which had previously been a joint venture. BlueRock
Therapeutics focuses on the development of cell therapies in the fields of neurology,
cardiology and immunology using a proprietary induced pluripotent stem cell platform. Under
the agreement, we made an upfront payment of approximately US$0.2 billion, while further
payments of up to US$0.4 billion will be due upon achievement of pre-defined milestones.

// In November, we completed the sale of the Dr. Scholl’s™ business to Yellow Wood Partners,
Boston, United States, for a purchase price of approximately US$0.6 billion. Bayer had entered
into an agreement in July 2019 regarding the sale of the rights to the Dr. Scholl’s™ brand in
North and South America and the transfer of around 30 employees in the United States.

// Also in November, we completed the sale of our 60% stake in the Chempark operator Currenta
to InfraChem Holdings S.a r.I., Luxembourg, a subsidiary of Macquarie Infrastructure and Real
Assets (Europe) Limited, for a preliminary purchase price of €1.1 billion. We had concluded an
agreement in August 2019 concerning the sale of our stake together with the other former
shareholder, Lanxess. Bayer is also selling an extensive portfolio of real estate and
infrastructure to the Currenta Group for approximately €0.2 billion. The transaction included,
among other things, the transfer of pension provisions amounting to €1.6 billion. The
provisional divestment gain amounts to roughly €1.6 billion.

Further key developments:

In June, we announced we would set ourselves higher standards for transparency, sustainability B

and communication with all stakeholder groups in line with our increased responsibility as a See also A 1.2 and A 1.3
leading agriculture company. In December, furthermore, we presented our ambitious sustainability

goals for the Bayer Group for 2020 and beyond. To ensure that we meet the expectations society

has of our company and to create value for all of our stakeholders, we have drafted the Bayer

Societal Engagement (BASE) principles, which form the basis for all of Bayer’s activities.

21 This means that the number of Elanco shares that Bayer receives increases (decreases) in the event of share price decreases
(increases) within this 7.5% corridor. Based on the closing price of Elanco shares on December 31, 2019, Bayer would receive
approximately 73 million Elanco shares.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 63
2.1 Overview of Business Performance

In the first half of 2019, two cases related to the glyphosate litigations that went to trial before a B
federal court and a state court in California resulted in jury verdicts in favor of the plaintiffs. Our See also Note [30]
post-trial motions subsequently filed with the trial courts only resulted in a reduction of the Legal Risks

damages and punitive damages awards, respectively. We filed appeals in both cases. A number
of trials that were originally scheduled to begin in 2019 and early 2020 have been continued. This
continuance is intended to provide room for the parties to continue the court-ordered mediation
process in good faith and explore whether a settlement can be reached on reasonable terms that
includes a process to bring reasonable resolution to the overall litigation.

In June, the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG decided on a package of measures in connection
with the glyphosate litigations. Among them are the establishment of a new Supervisory Board
committee to monitor the current litigations including trial and mediation activities. In addition,
U.S. lawyer and product liability litigation expert John H. Beisner has been retained to advise the
Supervisory Board on matters related to the glyphosate litigations on an ongoing basis.

In September, the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG reached a decision to reduce the size of the
company’s Board of Management from seven to five members effective January 1, 2020. In this
connection, Dr. Hartmut Klusik and Kemal Malik left the company as of December 31, 2019. The
respective responsibilities have been reallocated among the members of the Board of
Management.

2.1.3 Economic Environment

Global economic growth slower than in the previous year a)

The pace of global economic growth in 2019 was slower than in the previous year, with all of our See also A 2.2.2
defined regions affected by this trend. Economic growth was impacted particularly by trade

conflicts and higher tariffs, especially in the United States and China. In the European Union,

growth was held back especially by the uncertainty related to Brexit. Germany in particular

showed a considerably reduced pace of growth. Among the factors diminishing growth in addition

to the aforementioned trade conflicts were the political uncertainties in the emerging markets,

particularly a number of Latin American countries. By contrast, a positive overall effect came from

ongoing robust consumption, which was buoyed by low inflation and interest rates.

A 2.1.3/1

Economic Environment
Growth! Growth’

2018 2019

World +3.2% +2.6%
European Union +2.0% +1.4%
of which Germany +1.5% +0.5%
United States +2.9% +2.3%
Emerging Markets? +4.8% +4.1%

‘Real GDP growth, source: IHS Markit
? Including about 50 countries defined by Global Insight as Emerging Markets in line with the World Bank
As of January 2020

Currency development

Positive currency effects increased sales at the Bayer Group by €548 million (1.5%) in 2019, while
negative currency effects diminished EBITDA before special items by €43 million. The currency
effects from the acquired agriculture business are included from June 7 until December 31. The
effects pertained to the currencies shown in the following table.
Bayer Annual Report 2019

A Combined Management Report 64
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

A 2.1.3/2
Currency Development Bayer Group
Average end-of-day
exchange rate against
the euro for the year € million
Delta FX Of which
Delta FX = effect on delta FX
effect on clean effect from
2018 2019 sales EBITDA hedging
AUD 1.58 1.61 (12) (13) (1)
BRL 4.29 4.41 (37) (28) (16)
CAD 1.53 1.49 34 (25) (23)
CNY 7.80 7.74 26 (2) (31)
JPY 130.38 122.01 145 28 (28)
MXN 22.69 21.55 37 - (16)
RUB 73.87 72.44 14 (19) (18)
TRY 5.56 6.35 (51) (41) -
USD 1.18 1.12 440 44 (42)
Other currency areas (48) 13 (16)
All currencies 548 (43) (191)
Source: Bloomberg, annual average closing rates
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position
of the Bayer Group
2.2.1 Earnings Performance of the Bayer Group
Business Development of the Bayer Group
A 2.2.1/1
Bayer Group Key Data
Change %! Change %'!
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 Reported Fx &p adj. 2018 2019 Reported Fx &p adj.
Sales 10,355 10,750 +3.8 +3.4 36,742 43,545 +18.5 +3.5
Change in sales'
Volume +5.4% +2.3% +4.5% +2.6%
Price -0.1% +1.1% -1.0% + 0.9%
Currency -0.3% +1.3% -4.3% +1.5%
Portfolio + 25.0% -0.9% + 13.7% +13.5%
Sales by region
Europe/Middle East/Africa 2,830 2,971 +5.0 +5.1 12,392 13,185 +6.4 +2.4
North America 3,260 3,392 +4.0 +24 10,942 15,087 + 37.9 -0.8
Asia/Pacific 2,005 2,151 +7.3 +45 7,796 8,610 + 10.4 +7.4
Latin America 2,260 2,236 -1.1 +1.8 5,612 6,663 + 18.7 +9.0
EBITDA' (53) 2,002 9,695 9,554 -1.5
Special items' (2,017) (481) 726 (1,949)
EBITDA before special items' 1,964 2,483 + 26.4 8,969 11,503 + 28.3
EBITDA margin before special items' 19.0% 23.1% 24.4% 26.4%
EBIT' (4,206) 396 3,454 4,189 + 21.3
Special items' (5,249) (923) (2,559) (2,818)
EBIT before special items' 1,043 1,319 + 26.5 6,013 7,007 +16.5
Earnings per share (total) (€) (4.00) 1.44 1.80 4.17 +131.7
Core earnings per share from
continuing operations (€)' 1.05 1.29 + 22.9 5.60 6.40 +14.3
Core earnings per share from
continuing and discontinued
operations (€) 1.10 1.37 + 24.5 5.93 6.77 +14.2
Free cash flow 1,363 1,692 +241 4,652 4,214 -9.4

2018 figures restated

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted
' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

Group sales increased by 3.5% (Fx & portfolio adj.)
Sales at the Bayer Group rose by 3.5% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €43,545 million (reported: +18.5%)
in 2019, including €2,364 million in Germany.

Sales at Crop Science advanced by 1.4% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €19,832 million. On a reported
basis, sales climbed by 39.0%, mainly as a result of a portfolio effect of 36.3% (€5,177 million).
Sales at Pharmaceuticals advanced by 5.6% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €17,962 million. This
development was mainly the result of continuing growth in China and the ongoing very positive
performance of our products Xarelto™ and Eylea™. Consumer Health posted a 2.6% (Fx &
portfolio adj.) increase in sales to €5,462 million; business expanded in the Latin America, Asia/
Pacific and Europe/Middle East/Africa regions. In the Reconciliation, we increased sales by 2.7%
to €289 million.

Earnings
EBITDA before special items at the Bayer Group advanced by 28.3% to €11,503 million (2018: By
€8,969 million). Negative currency effects diminished earnings by €43 million. At Crop Science, See also A 2.3

EBITDA before special items advanced by 80.9% to €4,796 million (2018: €2,651 million). The
increase was mainly attributable to the earnings contribution from the acquired agriculture
business and to the realization of cost synergies as we progress with its integration. EBITDA
before special items at Pharmaceuticals advanced by 6.7% to €5,975 million (2018:

€5,598 million), the main factors here being the positive sales development and a lower cost of
goods sold against an elevated prior-year figure. EBITDA before special items at Consumer Health
was level year on year (-0.5%) at €1,090 million (2018: €1,096 million). Positive effects from the
efficiency program initiated at the end of 2018 and the currency- and portfolio-adjusted expansion
of business among other factors were offset by the absence of the contribution from the divested
prescription dermatology business. In the Reconciliation, EBITDA before special items improved
by 4.8% to minus €358 million.

EBITDA in 2019 came in at €9,554 million (2018: €9,695 million). Depreciation, amortization and By
impairment losses amounted to €5,365 million (2018: €6,241 million), with intangible assets See also A 2.3
accounting for €2,887 million (2018: €4,441 million) and property, plant and equipment for

€2,478 million (2018: €1,800 million). Impairment losses, net of impairment loss reversals, were

€928 million (2018: €3,349 million). These included €247 million (2018: €2,673 million) in

impairments on intangible assets, primarily at Consumer Health, where we recorded impairment

losses of €429 million in connection with the divestment of the Dr. Scholl’s™ brand and an

impairment loss reversal of €211 million for the Claritin™ brand. Impairment losses on

property, plant and equipment amounted to €680 million (2018: €676 million). At Crop Science,

we recorded an impairment loss of €522 million for the dicamba production facility

(Herbicides business) in Luling, Louisiana, United States. Impairment losses of €866 million

(2018: €3,282 million), net of impairment loss reversals, and accelerated depreciation of €1 million
(2018: €3 million) were included in special items.

EBIT climbed by 21.3% to €4,189 million in 2019 (2018: €3,454 million) after net special charges
of €2,818 million (2018: €2,559 million) The special charges were primarily related to the ongoing
restructuring program, the acquisition and integration of Monsanto, the aforementioned
impairments in connection with the dicamba production facility at Crop Science and the
divestment of Dr. Scholl’s™ at Consumer Health, and legal fees. Special gains were recorded
particularly at Consumer Health, especially from the aforementioned divestment of the prescription
dermatology business outside the United States and the impairment loss reversal for Claritin™.

In addition, a compensation payment from a product liability insurance policy led to a special gain
at Pharmaceuticals. EBIT before special items rose by 16.5% to €7,007 million (2018:

€6,013 million).

In 2019, the following special effects were taken into account in calculating EBIT and EBITDA
before special items.
Bayer Annual Report 2019

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

A Combined Management Report

{*

A 2.2.1/2
Special Items by Category’
EBIT EBIT EBIT EBIT EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 2018 2019 Q4 2018 Q4 2019 2018 2019
Total special items (5,249) (923) (2,559) (2,818) (2,017) (481) 726 (1,949)
Restructuring (1,195) (497) (1,282) (1,353) (676) (384) (761) (1,237)
of which in the Reconciliation (138) (319) (171) (1,088) (137) (318) (170) (1,085)
Acquisition / integration (858) (67) (1,983) (707) (858) (66) (1,975) (707)
of which in the Reconciliation (19) (4) (51) (19) (19) (3) (51) (19)
Divestments 158 39 4,127 299 158 38 4,127 299
Litigations /legal risks (604) (13) (613) (245) (604) (13) (613) (245)
of which in the Reconciliation (38) (37) (41) (77) (38) (37) (41) (77)
Impairment losses /loss reversals* (2,745) (329) (2,788) (756) (32) - (32) (3)
Other (5) (56) (20) (56) (5) (56) (20) (56)
of which in the Reconciliation - (56) 1 (56) - (56) 1 (56)
2018 figures restated
' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”
? Other than those already included in the other special items categories
Core earnings per share
Earnings per share (total) more than doubled to €4.17 in 2019 (2018: €1.80). The proceeds of ha
approximately €1.6 billion from the divestment of our interest in the Currenta Group had a positive See also A 2.2.4
effect. Furthermore, earnings in the previous year were diminished by impairment losses
recognized on goodwill and on intangible assets at Consumer Health and on property, plant and
equipment at Pharmaceuticals. Core earnings per share from continuing operations advanced by
14.3% to €6.40 (2018: €5.60). This development was driven by the earnings contribution from the
acquired agriculture business, which was included for the full year for the first time, and by the
positive business performance at Pharmaceuticals. By contrast, earnings were diminished by
factors such as an acquisition-related increase in financing costs and a dilutive effect from equity
measures undertaken in 2018.
A 2.2.1/3
Core Earnings per Share‘
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 2018 2019
EBIT (as per income statements) (4,206) 396 3,454 4,189
Amortization and impairment losses/loss reversals on goodwill and other intangible assets 3,191 486 4,442 2,889
Impairment losses/loss reversals on property, plant
and equipment, and accelerated depreciation included in special items 660 674 678 682
Special items
(other than accelerated depreciation, amortization and impairment losses /loss reversals) 2,017 481 (726) 1,949
Core EBIT 1,662 2,037 7,848 9,709
Financial result (as per income statements) (720) (378) (1,568) (1,309)
Special items in the financial result 296 10 355 (268)
Income taxes (as per income statements) 964 (45) (496) (450)
Special items in income taxes 91 67 175 67
Tax effects related to amortization, impairment losses/loss reversals and special items (1,259) (410) (1,028) (1,441)
Income after income taxes attributable to noncontrolling interest (as per income statements) (2) (11) (16) (19)
Above-mentioned adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interest (1) (1) (1) (4)
Core net income from continuing operations 1,031 1,269 5,269 6,285
Shares (million)
Weighted average number of shares? 980.15 982.43 940.76 981.69
€
Core earnings per share from continuing operations 1.05 1.29 5.60 6.40

2018 figures restated
' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

? The weighted average number of shares (basic and diluted) was restated pursuant to IAS 33 for all periods prior to June 2018 to
reflect the effect of the bonus component of the subscription rights issued as part of the June 2018 capital increase, because the

subscription price of the new shares was below the market price of the existing shares.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 67
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

Core earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations were €6.77. The
depreciation, amortization and impairments halted in connection with discontinued operations
according to IFRS 5 are recognized as special charges (see table below).

A 2.2.1/4
Core Earnings per Share From Continuing and Discontinued Operations’
€ million 2019
EBIT? 6,224
Amortization and impairment losses/loss reversals on goodwill and other intangible assets 2,897
mpairment losses/loss reversals on property, plant and equipment, and accelerated depreciation
included in special items 683
Special items (other than accelerated depreciation, amortization and impairment losses/loss reversals) 407
Core EBIT 10,211
Financial result? (1,357)
Special items in the financial result (276)
ncome taxes? (756)
Special items in income taxes 87
Tax effects related to amortization, impairment losses/loss reversals and special items (1,242)
ncome after income taxes attributable to noncontrolling interest? (19)
Above-mentioned adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interest (4)
Core net income from continuing operations 6,644
Shares (million)
Weighted average number of shares 981.69
€
Core earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations 6.77
' Contrary to the definition in A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group”
? Figures include continuing and discontinued operations
Bayer Group - Other Earnings Parameters
A 2.2.1/5
Bayer Group Summary Income Statements
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 Change % 2018 2019 Change %
Net sales 10,355 10,750 +3.8 36,742 43,545 +18.5
Cost of goods sold (5,644) (4,875) -13.6 (15,381) (17,467) +13.6
Selling expenses (4,185) (3,004) - 28.2 (12,210) (12,274) +0.5
Research and development expenses (1,698) (1,408) -17.1 (5,105) (5,342) +4.6
General administration expenses (845) (1,050) +24.3 (2,657) (3,890) + 46.4
Other operating income (+) and expenses (-) (2,189) (17) -99.2 2,065 (383) :
EBIT' (4,206) 396 . 3,454 4,189 + 21.3
Financial result (720) (378) +47.5 (1,568) (1,309) +16.5
Income before income taxes (4,926) 18 . 1,886 2,880 +52.7
Income taxes 964 (45) . (496) (450) -9.3
Income from continuing operations after taxes (3,962) (27) +99.3 1,390 2,430 +74.8
Income from discontinued operations after taxes 40 1,452 . 321 1,680 :
Income after income taxes (total) (3,922) 1,425 . 1,711 4,110 +140.2
of which attributable to noncontrolling interest 2 11 . 16 19 + 18.8
of which attributable to Bayer AG stockholders (net income) (3,924) 1,414 . 1,695 4,091 +141.4

2018 figures restated
' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

Functional costs

The cost of goods sold increased by 13.6% to €17,467 million in 2019, due in particular to the
full-year inclusion of the acquired agriculture business. The ratio of the cost of goods sold to total
sales declined slightly to 40.1% (2018: 41.9%). Selling expenses amounted to €12,274 million
(+0.5%), with an increase resulting from the acquisition of the agriculture business. In 2018, a rise
in special charges in connection with impairment losses recognized on Consumer Health brands
had a negative impact. Selling expenses accounted for 28.2% (2018: 33.2%) of sales. Research
and development (R&D) expenses rose by 4.6% to €5,342 million. The ratio of R&D expenses

to sales was 12.3% (2018: 13.9%). General administration expenses climbed by 46.4% to
€3,890 million, due chiefly to the acquired agriculture business and one-time expenses related to
the restructuring measures. The ratio of general administration expenses to total sales therefore
increased to 8.9% (2018: 7.2%). The balance of other operating expenses and other operating
income amounted to €383 million (2018: minus €2,065 million). Key factors here were the
aforementioned special gains from the divestment of the prescription dermatology business
outside the United States at Consumer Health and from the compensation payment in connection
with a product liability insurance policy at Pharmaceuticals. On the other hand, earnings were
diminished by impairment losses in the amount of €208 million attributable to the proportionate
goodwill to be transferred in connection with the divestment of the Dr. Scholl’s™ brand.

The special effects accounted for in EBIT and EBITDA before special items were attributable to
the functional costs as shown in the following table.

,*

A 2.2.1/6

Special Items by Functional Cost’
EBIT EBIT EBIT EBIT EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 2018 2019 Q4 2018 Q4 2019 2018 2019
Total special items (5,249) (923) (2,559) (2,818) (2,017) (481) 726 (1,949)
Cost of goods sold (1,610) (683) (2,312) (1,190) (959) (23) (1,651) (531)
Selling expenses (1,088) 174 (1,158) (153) (54) (37) (124) (146)
Research and development expenses (332) (22) (404) (19) (331) (22) (360) (19)
General administration expenses (222) (412) (630) (1,299) (222) (412) (630) (1,296)
Other operating income/expenses (1,997) 20 1,945 (157) (451) 13 3,491 43

2018 figures restated
' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Financial result and income before income taxes

After a financial result of minus €1,309 million (2018: minus €1,568 million), income before income
taxes was €2,880 million (2018: €1,886 million). Among other items, the financial result comprised
income from investments in affiliated companies of €190 million (2018: loss of €87 million), net
interest expense of €1,281 million (2018: €1,064 million), a net exchange gain of €58 million
(2018: net exchange loss of €269 million), interest cost of €273 million (2018: €177 million) for
pension and other provisions, and net other financial expenses of €3 million (2018: income of

€29 million). The financial result included net special gains of €268 million (2018: net special
charges of €355 million) that mainly resulted from the remeasurement of the shares of BlueRock
Therapeutics L.P., Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States, which were previously accounted
for using the equity method and are now fully consolidated.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

Income tax expense
Income tax expense amounted to €450 million (2018: €496 million) after special charges of
€67 million (2018: special charges of €175 million) from a change in tax rate.

Income after income taxes from discontinued operations

Income after income taxes from discontinued operations was €1,680 million (2018: €321 million)
and included income of approximately €1,637 million from the divestment of our interest in the
Currenta Group. The businesses of Currenta and Animal Health, which are recognized under
discontinued operations, developed as follows in 2019.

Currenta posted sales of €1,171 million until its deconsolidation at the end of November. Full-year
sales of that company in 2018 were €1,343 million. EBITDA before special items was €226 million
(2018: €220 million).

Sales at Animal Health rose by 2.0% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €1,571 million (2018: €1,501 million).
This development was attributable to factors such as the positive development of business for
Seresto™ (€293 million, Fx & portfolio adj. +6.1%), mainly in Europe. Sales of the Advantage™
product family declined by 3.4% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €418 million, with price increases unable
to offset a decrease in volumes, particularly in the United States. Overall, sales rose by 3.1%

(Fx & portfolio adj.) to €420 million in Europe/Middle East/Africa, by 3.5% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to
€337 million in Asia/Pacific and by 8.8% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €158 million in Latin America.

By contrast, sales were down by 1.1% (Fx & portfolio adj.) in North America to €656 million.

EBITDA before special items of Animal Health improved by 5.6% to €378 million
(2018: €358 million), largely due to the sales growth resulting from price increases.

Net income
After income tax expense, income from discontinued operations after taxes and noncontrolling
interest, net income in 2019 came to €4,091 million (2018: €1,695 million).

2.2.2 Business Development by Division

Crop Science

Seed and crop protection market at prior-year level

The global seed and crop protection market remained stable in 2019 (0%; 2018: +2%). Growth
momentum was strongest in the Latin America region, with an above-average increase in market
volume in Brazil following the normalization of inventory levels for crop protection products and an
expansion of soybean, corn, and cotton acreages. On the other hand, adverse weather conditions
across key regions counteracted this development. Especially the market in North America was
negatively impacted by flooding and heavy rains in the Midwestern United States as well as
continued uncertainties driven by the ongoing trade disputes leading to a significant decline in
soybean acreages.

,*
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 70
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

A 2.2.2/1
Key Data - Crop Science
Change %' Change %'
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 Reported Fx &p adj. 2018 2019 Reported Fx &p adj.
Sales 4,661 4,652 -0.2 -0.9 14,266 19,832 + 39.0 +1.4
Change in sales'
Volume +14.2% -1.7% +5.9% -0.3%
Price +1.2% +0.8% +0.2% +1.7%
Currency +1.3% +0.7% -4.3% +1.3%
Portfolio + 89.3% 0.0% + 47.2% + 36.3%
Sales by region
Europe/Middle East/Africa 592 581 -1.9 -2.9 3,689 4,170 + 13.0 -1.9
North America 1,703 1,761 +3.4 +0.5 4,696 8,743 + 86.2 +01
Asia/Pacific 530 490 -7.5 -10.3 1,858 1,829 -1.6 -5.7
Latin America 1,836 1,820 -0.9 +1.2 4,023 5,090 + 26.5 +9.4
EBITDA' (441) 797 . 4,500 3,895 -13.4
Special items" (984) (75) 1,849 (901)
EBITDA before special items' 543 872 + 60.6 2,651 4,796 + 80.9
EBITDA margin before special items' 11.6% 18.7% 18.6% 24.2%
EBIT' (933) (453) +51.4 3,138 582 -81.5
Special items" (984) (596) 1,841 (1,423)
EBIT before special items' 51 143 +180.4 1,297 2,005 + 54.6
Net cash provided
by operating activities 1,549 2,669 +72.3 3,743 4,209 +12.4
Capital expenditures 403 484 +20.1 1,000 1,203 + 20.3
Research and development expenses 669 605 -9.6 1,950 2,344 + 20.2
Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted
' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”
Sales up against prior year
Crop Science posted sales of €19,832 million in 2019. Sales grew by 39.0% on a reported basis,
thanks mainly to a positive portfolio effect of 36.3% from the acquisition of Monsanto
(€6,649 million) less the prorated contribution from the divested businesses in the prior year
(€1,471 million). Sales were also impacted by positive currency effects of 1.3%. Adjusted for
currency and portfolio effects, sales increased by 1.4%. This growth figure only takes account of
the acquired business from June 7 until December 31, the impact of which is primarily visible in
North and Latin America. By contrast, the pro-forma sales commentary later in this section
includes the development of the combined business on a full-year basis.
A 2.2.2/2
Sales by Strategic Business Entity
Change %! Change %'!
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 Reported Fx &p adj. 2018 2019 Reported Fx &p adj.
Crop Science 4,661 4,652 -0.2 -0.9 14,266 19,832 + 39.0 +1.4
Herbicides 1,172 1,203 +2.6 +1.0 4,171 5,097 + 22.2 +1.8
Corn Seed & Traits 1,036 1,100 +6.2 +4.0 ,808 5,164 + 185.6 +7.3
Soybean Seed & Traits 602 587 -2.5 -1.7 ,200 2,119 + 76.6 -1.4
Fungicides 757 788 +41 +5.8 2,647 2,718 +2.7 +2.5
Insecticides 364 380 +4.4 +4.5 ,345 1,448 +7.7 +6.6
Environmental Science 229 235 +2.6 +0.6 732 994 + 35.8 +2.8
Vegetable Seeds 91 157 +72.5 +70.3 629 689 +9.5 +6.6
Other 410 202 -50.7 -51.5 134 1,603 -7.6 -11.9

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted
' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

Sales by region

// Sales in the Europe/Middle East/Africa region improved by 13.4% (Fx adj.) to €4,170 million.
The portfolio effect amounted to €568 million. Adjusted for currency and portfolio effects,
business declined by 1.9%. This was largely due to the loss of registrations in the SeedGrowth
business (Other) in northern and central Europe. We also saw a decline in sales at Fungicides
due to drought but achieved sales gains at Insecticides and Vegetable Seeds.

// |In the North America region, we posted an 83.0% (Fx adj.) increase in sales to €8,743 million.
The portfolio effect amounted to €3,896 million. After adjusting for currency and portfolio
effects, sales were level year on year (+0.1%). There was an increase in sales at Corn Seed &
Traits, where we registered higher volumes despite the aforementioned extreme weather
conditions in the Midwestern United States in the first half of the year. Business at Soybean
Seed & Traits was also impacted by extreme weather conditions, which, together with
uncertainties driven by trade conflicts, resulted in a decline in sales.

// Sales in the Asia/Pacific region decreased by 3.7% (Fx adj.) to €1,829 million, with the
portfolio effect amounting to €36 million. On a currency- and portfolio-adjusted basis, sales fell
by 5.7%. There was a significant decline in our cotton seed business (Other) and at Herbicides
in Australia due to extreme drought.

// Sales in Latin America advanced by 26.2% (Fx adj.) to €5,090 million. The portfolio effect was
€677 million. After adjusting for currency and portfolio effects, business expanded by 9.4%.
The very positive overall sales development was mainly attributable to price and volume
increases in Brazil at Fungicides, where business benefited particularly from the launch of
Fox Xpro™. We also posted an increase in sales at Herbicides.

Earnings

EBITDA before special items at Crop Science advanced by 80.9% to €4,796 million in 2019. The
increase was primarily attributable to the earnings contribution from the newly acquired business
and to the realization of cost synergies as we progress with its integration. By contrast, earnings
were diminished by the absence of the contribution from the businesses divested to BASF, an
increase in the cost of goods sold, the extreme weather conditions in North America and
Australia, and a negative currency effect of €24 million.

EBIT decreased by 81.5% to €582 million after net special charges of €1,423 million (2018:

net special gains of €1,841 million) that mainly included a total of €688 million in connection with
the acquisition and integration of Monsanto and the divestments to BASF, of which €483 million
comprised prorated reversals of inventory step-ups. Further special charges comprised

€522 million in impairment losses on the dicamba production facility in the Herbicides business
and legal fees in connection with the glyphosate litigations. The special gains in the prior year
mainly comprised a divestment gain from the sale of businesses to BASF.

A 2.2.2/3

Special Items‘ Crop Science
EBIT EBIT EBIT EBIT EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 2018 2019 Q4 2018 Q4 2019 2018 2019
Restructuring (27) - (35) (1) (27) (1) (35) (1)
Acquisition / integration (839) (63) (1,932) (688) (839) (63) (1,924) (688)
Divestments 125 37 4,061 (21) 125 37 4,061 (21)
Litigations /legal risks (243) (48) (249) (191) (248) (48) (249) (191)
Impairment losses/loss reversals - (622) - (522) - - - -
Other - - (4) - - - (4) -
Total special items (984) (596) 1,841 (1,423) (984) (75) 1,849 (901)

' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Pro-forma sales by strategic business entity (unaudited)

Due to the scope of the acquired activities and the seasonality of the business, we are presenting
sales by strategic business entity on a pro-forma basis in order to more transparently reflect the
underlying operational business development for the combined business of Crop Science and
Monsanto, among other reasons. In this context, sales are presented as if both the acquisition of
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 72
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

Monsanto and the associated divestments had already taken place as of January 1, 2018. Sales
under the service agreements with BASF after the divestments closed are not included.

A 2.2.2/4
Pro-Forma Sales by Strategic Business Entity’

Change %? Change %?
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 Reported Fx adj. 2018 2019 Reported Fx adj.
Crop Science 4,511 4,568 +1.3 +1.0 19,332 19,585 +1.3 -1.4

Herbicides 1,125 1,195 +6.2 +5.3 5,014 5,034 +0.4 -1.4
Corn Seed & Traits 1,036 1,100 +6.2 +4.0 4,871 5,164 +6.0 +1.5
Soybean Seed & Traits 651 587 -9.8 -8.6 2,378 2,119 -10.9 -14.5
Fungicides 753 788 +4.6 +6.0 2,643 2,718 +2.8 $2.5
Insecticides 366 380 +3.8 +4.3 1,346 1,448 +7.6 +6.6
Environmental Science 228 235 +3.1 +1.0 955 991 +3.8 -0.1
Vegetable Seeds 91 157 +72.5 +70.7 670 689 +2.8 +141
Other 261 126 -51.7 -49.3 1,455 1,422 -2.3 -6.0

Fx. adj. = currency-adjusted

‘The unaudited pro-forma data is presented as if both the acquisition of Monsanto and the associated divestments had already taken place as of January 1, 2018.
Sales of Monsanto are presented in periods as per the Bayer fiscal year. One-time effects of business operations, the accounting for discontinued operations and
the recognition and measurement of sales from certain business transactions have been adjusted in line with our accounting. Due to this simplified procedure,
they explicitly do not reflect sales according to IFRS or IDW RH HFA 1.004.

? For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Sales decreased by 1.4% (Fx adj.) in 2019 on a pro-forma basis.

// The decline at Herbicides was largely the result of lower volumes for Roundup™ in the North
America region, where demand was mainly impacted by the aforementioned extreme weather
conditions in the Midwestern United States in the first half of the year and drought in Canada.
On the other hand, shifts in demand for selective herbicides from 2020 into 2019 had a positive
impact on sales. Business also declined in Asia/Pacific, partly as a result of drought in
Australia. Sales were level year on year in the Europe/Middle East/Africa region but rose
substantially in Latin America due particularly to price and volume increases in Brazil.

// The improvement in sales at Corn Seed & Traits was partly attributable to growth in North
America, where acreages increased slightly despite the aforementioned weather conditions in
the United States. Volumes also expanded as a result of increased market share and shifts in
demand from 2020 into 2019, which stood against negative product mix effects. In addition,
we achieved double-digit-percentage growth rates in the Europe/Middle East/Africa region. By
contrast, sales decreased in Latin America, where we had benefited from a special effect and
the associated license revenues in Brazil in the previous year and the difficult economic
situation in Venezuela led to lower volumes in 2019.

// The decline in sales at Soybean Seed & Traits was mainly attributable to North America, where

business was impacted by lower acreages, strong competitive pressure, weather conditions

and uncertainties driven by trade conflicts.

// The increase in sales at Fungicides was driven by the very positive development of business
in Latin America, where we benefited in particular from the launch of Fox Xpro™ in Brazil.

By contrast, we saw weather-related declines in the North America and Europe/Middle East /
Africa regions.

// At Insecticides, sales increased as a result of higher prices and volumes, especially in Europe/
Middle East/Africa, where increased pest pressure had a positive effect, and in Latin America.

// Sales at Environmental Science matched the prior-year level, with growth in our business with
professional users standing against a decline in our consumer business.

Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

// Sales at Vegetable Seeds were up slightly overall. As expected, shifts in demand from prior
quarters led to a very strong fourth quarter, especially in Europe/Middle East/Africa.

// Sales of the strategic business entities subsumed under Other were down overall, mainly due
to the decline at SeedGrowth as a result of the loss of registrations in northern and central
Europe. As for our oilseed rape/ canola seed business, development was held back by lower
demand in Europe due to drought along with lower acreages in Canada, among other factors.
Our cotton seed and traits business posted strong growth in North America, where a significant
increase in market share more than offset a slight decline in acreages. Sales were down in Asia
/Pacific, however, where extreme drought in Australia led to considerably lower acreages.

Pharmaceuticals

Pharmaceuticals market continues to grow

The pharmaceuticals market expanded by 6% in 2019 (2018: 5%), with strong momentum seen in
the Americas and large parts of Asia. An aging population and improved access to medical care
remained the main drivers, while innovative, often high-end products also contributed to market
growth. By contrast, growth was again impacted by heightened price pressure from generics and
reforms to national health care systems.

,*

A 2.2.2/5
Key Data - Pharmaceuticals
Change %' Change %'
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 Reported Fx &p adj. 2018 2019 Reported Fx &p adj.
Sales 4,291 4,682 +9. +7.2 16,746 17,962 +7.3 +5.6
Change in sales"
Volume +3.9% +6.3% +5.7% +5.7%
Price -1.3% +0.9% -2.3% -0.1%
Currency -0.7% +1.9% -3.7% +1.8%
Portfolio -0.1% 0.0% -0.3% -0.1%
Sales by region
Europe/Middle East/Africa 1,699 1,847 +8.7 +7.6 6,590 6,918 +5.0 +4.8
North America 1,019 1,071 +5.1 +24 3,965 4,040 +1.9 -2.3
Asia/Pacific 1,312 1,501 +14.4 +10.8 5,206 6,031 + 15.8 +12.7
Latin America 261 263 +0.8 +4.3 985 973 -1.2 +5.4
EBITDA' 495 1,478 +198.6 4,797 5,951 +241
Special items' (771) 42 (801) (24)
EBITDA before special items' 1,266 1,436 +13.4 5,598 5,975 +6.7
EBITDA margin before special items' 29.5% 30.7% 33.4% 33.3%
EBIT' (302) 1,085 . 3,213 4,762 + 48.2
Special items! (1,289) (72) (1,362) (137)
EBIT before special items' 987 1,157 +17.2 4,575 4,899 +7.1
Net cash provided
by operating activities 1,587 1,040 -34.5 4,376 4,523 +3.4
Capital expenditures 475 385 -18.9 964 811 -15.9
Research and development expenses 956 736 -23.0 2,893 2,752 -4.9

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted
' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Encouraging increase in sales

Sales at Pharmaceuticals rose by 5.6% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €17,962 million in 2019, driven by
continued strong growth in China and the performance of Xarelto™ and Eylea™, which again
delivered robust sales gains. In addition, the encouraging development of the radiology business
had a positive impact.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 74
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

A 2.2.2/6
Best-Selling Pharmaceuticals Products
Change %' Change %'
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 Reported Fx &p adj. 2018 2019 Reported Fx &p adj.
Xarelto™ 993 1,148 +15.6 +14.0 3,631 4,126 + 13.6 +12.6
Eylea™ 600 667 +11.2 +9.2 2,185 2,494 +144 +12.6
Mirena™/Kyleena™ / Jaydess™ 270 302 +11.9 +9.6 1,143 1,223 +7.0 +3.3
Kogenate™ /Kovaltry™ / Jivi™ 216 222 +2.8 +0.5 855 882 +3.2 +0.4
Nexavar™ 177 164 -7.3 -8.9 712 706 -0.8 -2.5
YAZ™/Yasmin™ /Yasminelle™ 161 172 +6.8 +3.8 639 681 +6.6 + 5.3
Glucobay™ 150 167 +11.3 +9.3 623 667 +741 +6.1
Adalat™ 127 156 + 22.8 + 20.4 611 664 +8.7 +7.3
Aspirin™ Cardio 137 147 +7.3 +6.1 557 579 +3.9 +3.8
Betaferon™ /Betaseron™ 139 125 -10.1 -11.8 544 457 -16.0 -18.0
Adempas™ 96 111 +15.6 +14.2 356 418 $17.4 +14.4
Stivarga™ 86 106 + 23.3 +21.8 315 411 + 30.5 + 27.3
Gadavist™ /Gadovist™ 87 104 +19.5 +17.0 366 400 +9.3 +7.6
Stellant™ 92 94 $2.2 -0.5 342 371 +8.5 +4.4
Ultravist™ 80 87 +8.7 +8.4 320 340 +6.3 +6.6
Total best-selling products 3,411 3,772 +10.6 +8.7 13,199 14,419 +9.2 +7.5
Proportion of Pharmaceuticals sales 79% 81% 79% 80%

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted
' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Sales by product

// \Ne again registered a strong increase in sales of our oral anticoagulant Xarelto™, largely as a
result of expanded volumes in China, Russia and Europe. In the United States, where Xarelto™
is marketed by a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson, license revenues — recognized as sales —
edged higher year on year.

// \Ne registered a marked increase in sales of our eye medicine Eylea™, which benefited from
the market growth seen primarily in Europe/Middle East/Africa, especially the United Kingdom
and Germany, and in Japan.

// Business with our cancer drug Nexavar™ saw a slight decline due to lower volumes in the
United States and Japan following ongoing competitive pressure. This was nearly offset by
significantly higher volumes in China.

// Sales of our multiple sclerosis treatment Betaferon™ /Betaseron™ continued to decline
substantially, primarily as a result of strong competition in the United States.

// Business with our pulmonary hypertension treatment Adempas™ increased significantly,
largely due to the positive development in the United States. As in the past, sales reflected the
proportionate recognition of the upfront and milestone payments resulting from the sGC
collaboration with Merck & Co., United States.

// Ne posted significant sales gains for our cancer drug Stivarga™ that were mainly attributable
to expanded volumes in China. In addition, business developed positively in the United States
and Russia.

Earnings

EBITDA before special items advanced by 6.7% to €5,975 million in 2019. The growth in
earnings was driven by higher volumes and a decrease in the cost of goods sold against the
elevated figure of the prior year. By contrast, earnings were diminished by an increase in selling
expenses for product launches and new indications as well as a negative currency effect of
approximately €32 million. In addition, earnings in the prior year included a positive one-time
effect of approximately €190 million in connection with income from a development collaboration.

EBIT at Pharmaceuticals rose by a substantial 48.2% to €4,762 million. The year-on-year decline
in special charges, from €1,362 million in 2018 to €137 million in 2019, had a positive impact. The
special charges recorded in 2019 primarily comprised €157 million in expenses for restructuring
that mainly comprised an impairment recognized on a facility under construction that has since
Bayer Annual Report 2019

A Combined Management Report 75
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

been sold. However, earnings were augmented by a compensation payment under a product

liability insurance policy.

A 2.2.2/7
Special Items' Pharmaceuticals
EBIT EBIT EBIT EBIT EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 2018 2019 Q4 2018 Q4 2019 2018 2019
Restructuring (971) (144) (991) (157) (453) (30) (473) (44)
Litigations /legal risks (323) 72 (323) 23 (323) 72 (323) 23
Impairment losses/loss reversals (32) - (75) (3) (32) - (32) (3)
Divestments 4 - 41 - A - a“ -
Other (4) - (14) - (4) - (14) -
Total special items (1,289) (72) (1,362) (137) (771) 42 (801) (24)
' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”
Consumer Health
Stable market growth
Growth of the global consumer health market in 2019 was 4% (2018: 4%). Solid fundamentals of
the growing, aging population and the self-care trend were supported by strong allergy, cough
and cold seasons.
A 2.2.2/8
Key Data - Consumer Health
Change %' Change %'
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 Reported Fx &p adj. 2018 2019 Reported Fx &p adj.
Sales 1,331 1,337 +0.5 +6.2 5,450 5,462 +0.2 +2.6
Changes in sales'
Volume -3.1% +3.0% -1.5% +0.9%
Price +1.4% +3.2% +0.8% +1.7%
Currency -1.5% +1.4% -5.7% +1.2%
Portfolio -1.7% -7.1% -0.6% -3.6%
Sales by region
Europe/Middle East/Africa 474 479 +11 +7.3 1,857 1,838 -1.0 +2.7
North America 534 547 +24 +6.6 2,263 2,280 +0.8 -0.3
Asia/Pacific 163 160 -1.8 +2.1 730 749 +2.6 +3.6
Latin America 160 151 -5.6 +5.4 600 595 -0.8 +11.9
EBITDA' 211 251 +19.0 1,035 1,303 + 25.9
Special items' (68) (34) (61) 213
EBITDA before special items' 279 285 +2.2 1,096 1,090 -0.5
EBITDA margin before special items' 21.0% 21.3% 20.1% 20.0%
EBIT' (2,607) 360 (2,077) 713
Special items' (2,781) 161 (2,776) (18)
EBIT before special items' 174 199 +14.4 699 731 +4.6
Net cash provided
by operating activities 196 236 + 20.4 727 841 +15.7
Capital expenditures 78 59 -24.4 204 169 -17.2
Research and development expenses 58 61 +56.2 226 230 +1.8

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted

' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Sales increase year on year

Sales at Consumer Health rose by 2.6% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €5,462 million in 2019. In North
America we gradually strengthened our performance during the year. We grew the business in all
other regions, helped by an improved supply situation.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 76
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

A 2.2.2/9
Sales by Category’

Change %? Change %?
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 Reported Fx &p adj. 2018 2019 Reported Fx &p adj.
Consumer Health 1,331 1,337 +0.5 +6.2 5,450 5,462 +0.2 +2.6
Nutritionals 293 299 +2.0 +1.0 1,112 1,134 +2.0 +2.0
Allergy & Cold 264 298 +12.9 +9.8 1,061 1,155 +8.9 +5.0
Dermatology 250 279 +11.6 +9.9 1,053 1,104 +4.8 +3.8
Pain & Cardio 216 222 +2.8 +3.2 819 818 -0.1 +1.7
Digestive Health 181 196 +8.3 +6.6 703 721 +2.6 +0.3
Other? 127 43 -66.2 +7.6 702 530 -24.5 $1.3

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted

‘In line with the internal financial management system implemented on January 1, 2019, the sales commentary for Consumer Health is now based primarily on
regions and categories rather than products. These categories comprise Nutritionals (e.g. Elevit™, One A Day™), Allergy & Cold (e.g. Claritin™, Alka-Seltzer™
Plus, Aspirin™ Cold), Dermatology (e.g. Bepanthen™, Canesten™), Pain & Cardio (e.g. Aleve™, Aspirin™) and Digestive Health (e.g. MiraLAX™, Alka-Seltzer™).

? For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

° The divested sun care, global prescription dermatology, U.S. prescription dermatology and foot care businesses are included until their respective transfer dates
(August 30, 2019, July 1, 2019, September 4, 2018, and November 1, 2019).

Sales by region and category

// \We are back on course for growth in Europe/Middle East/Africa, with sales in 2019 up 2.7%
(Fx & portfolio adj.) to €1,838 million. This was largely due to growth in the Dermatology and
Nutritionals categories, with the latter buoyed by a product line extension of our vitamin
product Supradyn™.

// Sales in North America remained level year on year at €2,280 million (Fx & portfolio adj. -0.3%).
We saw encouraging business expansion particularly in the Allergy & Cold category thanks to
higher volumes for our antihistamine Claritin, which, in turn, benefited from a product line
extension. By contrast, business was down primarily in the Pain & Cardio category, partly due
to lower demand for Aspirin™.

// Sales in the Asia/Pacific region advanced by 3.6% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €749 million. We
registered solid growth across all categories, with very encouraging business development in
Southeast Asia.

// Sales in Latin America rose by 11.9% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €595 million. We recorded strong
growth in the Pain & Cardio, Digestive Health and Nutritionals categories, partly as a result of
inflation-related price increases in Argentina.

Earnings

EBITDA before special items came in at €1,090 million in 2019, matching the level of the prior
year (-0.5%). Positive contributions to earnings came primarily from the efficiency program
initiated at the end of 2018, which led to a significant decrease in selling expenses, and from the
expansion of business on a currency- and portfolio-adjusted basis. There was also a positive
currency effect of €16 million. By contrast, earnings were primarily held back by the absence of
the contribution from the divested prescription dermatology business. A negative change in the
balance of other operating income and expenses, in part due to lower one-time gains from the
sale of noncore brands, also had a negative impact on earnings.

EBIT at Consumer Health amounted to €713 million (2018: minus €2,077 million) after net special
charges of €18 million (2018: €2,776 million). Special charges mainly resulted from impairment
losses of €429 million in connection with the divestment of the Dr. Scholl’s™ brand, of which
€208 million pertained to goodwill, and from the aforementioned efficiency program. On the other
hand, special gains arose from the divestment of the prescription dermatology business outside
the United States and from a €211 million reversal of an impairment loss on our Claritin™ brand.
The special charges in the previous year primarily comprised impairment losses recognized on
goodwill and other intangible assets.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report / 77

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

A 2.2.2/10
Special Items’ Consumer Health
EBIT EBIT EBIT EBIT EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 2018 2019 Q4 2018 Q4 2019 2018 2019
Restructuring (59) (34) (85) (107) (59) (35) (83) (107)
Divestments (8) 2 25 320 (8) 1 25 320
Impairment losses/loss reversals (2,713) 193 (2,713) (231) - - - -
Other (1) - (3) - (1) - (3) -
Total special items (2,781) 161 (2,776) (18) (68) (34) (61) 213
' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”
2.2.3 Value-Based Performance
A 2.2.3/1
Value-Based Performance
Crop Science Pharmaceuticals Consumer Health Group?
€ million 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019
EBIT! 3,138 582 3,213 4,762 (2,077) 713 3,454 4,189
Taxes"? (753) (139) (771) (1,143) 498 (171) (829) (1,005)
NOPAT* 2,385 443 2,442 3,619 (1,579) 542 2,625 3,184
Average capital employed! 37,666 58,430 14,721 15,043 12,278 10,573 66,354 84,830
ROCE' 6.3% 0.8% 16.6% 24.1% (12.9)% 5.1% 4.0% 3.8%
WACC'* 6.7% 6.8% 6.7% 6.8% 6.7% 6.8% 6.7% 6.8%

' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”
? Including Reconciliation; 2018 figures restated to reflect the recognition of Animal Health and Currenta as discontinued operations

° 24% on EBIT; based on historical average of tax rates
4 At the divisional level, ROCE is compared with the WACC of the Bayer Group as we do not report WACC for the individual divisions.

Bayer’s ROCE in 2019 amounted to 3.8%, which was 3 percentage points below the Bayer
Group’s cost of capital of 6.8%. The year-on-year changes were mainly attributable to the
significant special items recognized in 2018 in all divisions pertaining to acquisitions, divestments
and impairment testing. The ROCE at Crop Science continued to be weighed down by

special items related to the acquisition and integration of the acquired agriculture business.
Pharmaceuticals showed a clear improvement due to the positive development in the operational
business and a stable capital base. The operating income at Consumer Health benefited from
impairment loss reversals, while the capital base shrank due to divestments.

The following overview shows the components of the average capital employed used in
calculating ROCE, taking into account the recognition of Animal Health and Currenta as

discontinued operations.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

A 2.2.3/2

Components of Capital Employed’
Dec. 31, Dec. 31,

€ million 2018 2019
Goodwill 38,345 39,126
Other intangible assets 36,521 34,709
Property, plant and equipment 12,053 12,479
Other financial assets? 43 39
Inventories 10,833 10,770
Trade accounts receivable 11,165 11,459
Other receivables? 1,824 1,868
Deferred tax assets? 1,733 7,862

Claims for income tax refunds 808 1,652

Assets held for sale 234 124
Gross capital employed 113,559 120,088
Other provisions? (6,182) (6,662)
Trade accounts payable (5,729) (6,321)
Other liabilities? (1,628) (2,338)
Refund liabilities (3,729) (4,239)
Contract liabilities (4,218) (4,052)
Financial liabilities* (1) (3)
Deferred tax liabilities?° (4,578) (9,350)
Income tax liabilities (2,483) (2,243)
Liabilities directly related to assets held for sale (12) (219)
Capital employed 84,999 84,661

Average capital employed 66,354 84,830

' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

? Selected items of the component; items that were predominantly non-interest-bearing or nonoperating in nature were eliminated
from capital employed

° Here we have elected to present deferred tax assets and liabilities as gross amounts. In table B3, Statements of Financial Position
of the Bayer Group, by contrast, they are presented in net terms.

2.2.4 Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

Financial management of the Bayer Group

The financial management of the Bayer Group is conducted centrally. Capital is a global resource,
generally procured centrally and distributed within the Bayer Group. The foremost objectives of
our financial management are to help bring about a sustained increase in corporate value and to
ensure the Group’s liquidity and creditworthiness. This involves optimizing the capital structure
and effectively managing risks. The management of currency, interest-rate, commodity-price and
default risks helps to reduce the volatility of our earnings.

Following our acquisition of Monsanto, the contracted rating agencies adjusted their ratings and
now assess Bayer as follows:

A 2.2.4/1
Rating
Long-term Short-term
rating rating Outlook
S&P Global Ratings BBB A2 stable
Moody’s Baal P2 negative
Fitch Ratings BBB+ F2 negative

These investment grade ratings from all three agencies reflect the company’s high solvency and
ensure access to a broad investor base for financing purposes. Our stated aim is to regain
A-category long-term ratings in the future.

a)

See also A 1.2.2

[*
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 79
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

As a matter of principle, we pursue a prudent debt management strategy to ensure flexibility,
drawing on a balanced financing portfolio. This is fundamentally based on bonds in various
currencies, syndicated credit facilities, bilateral loan agreements and a global commercial paper
program.

We use financial derivatives to hedge against risks arising from business operations or financial A
transactions, but do not employ contracts in the absence of an underlying transaction. It is our See also A 3.2.2
policy to diminish default risks by selecting trading partners with a high credit standing. We closely

monitor the execution of all transactions, which are conducted in accordance with Bayer Group

policies.

Liquidity and Capital Expenditures of the Bayer Group

A 2.2.4/2
Bayer Group Summary Statements of Cash Flows
€ million Q4 2018 Q4 2019 2018 2019
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
from continuing operations 2,869 3,312 7,533 8,001
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities from
discontinued operations 99 (66) 384 206
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (total) 2,968 3,246 7,917 8,207
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (total) (571) 35 (34,152) (671)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (total) (3,172) (4,471) 23,432 (8,389)
Change in cash and cash equivalents due to
business activities (775) (1,190) (2,803) (853)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 4,850 4,410 7,435 4,052
Change due to exchange rate movements and to changes in
scope of consolidation (23) (35) (580) (14)
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 4,052 3,185 4,052 3,185

2018 figures restated

Net cash provided by operating activities

In 2019, the net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations increased

by 6.2% to €8,001 million thanks in particular to a rise in operating income. A smaller decline in
cash tied up in working capital had a negative impact. The first-time application of IFRS 16 had
a positive effect on operating cash flow because lease expenses were no longer recognized in
operating income. Operating cash flow (total) rose by 3.7% year on year to €8,207 million.

Net cash used in investing activities

The net cash used in investing activities stood at €671 million in 2019. Capital expenditures

for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets included therein were 2.2% higher than
the previous year, at €2,650 million (2018: €2,593 million). Cash outflows for acquisitions less
acquired cash amounted to €410 million (2018: €45,316 million) and pertained partly to the
acquisition of the remaining shares in BlueRock Therapeutics L.P., Cambridge, Massachusetts,
United States. In the previous year, this primarily included cash outflows for the acquisition

of the agriculture business. In 2019, divestments resulted in an inflow of €2,546 million

(2018: €7,563 million), which is mainly attributable to the sale of our interest in Currenta

and the aforementioned divestments at Consumer Health. Net cash outflows for current and
noncurrent financial assets totaled €575 million (2018: inflow of €5,717 million), with the
significant decline due in particular to the prior-year proceeds from the sale of Covestro shares.

Net cash used in financing activities

In 2019, the net cash outflow for financing activities amounted to €8,389 million and primarily
comprised net loan repayments of €4,296 million (2018: net borrowings of €17,819 million). Net
interest payments rose to €1,478 million (2018: €919 million). The Bayer Group paid dividends of
€2,615 million (2018: €2,407 million). The cash outflow increased as a result of the first-time
application of IFRS 16 because the repayment component of lease payments and the interest
expense were recognized in the financing cash flow.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

Free cash flow
Free cash flow (total), which is the total operating cash flow less capital expenditures plus interest
and dividends received less interest paid, was €4,214 million in 2019 (2018: 4,652 million).

Capital expenditures

A 2.2.3/3
Capital Expenditure for Property, Plant and Equipment and for Intangible Assets'
€ million 2018 2019
Crop Science 1,000 1,203
Pharmaceuticals 964 811
Consumer Health 204 169
Reconciliation 226 269
Group? 2,593 2,650

' Capital expenditures as per statement of cash flows
? 2018 Group total including continuing and discontinued operations

Crop Science continuously invests in its global production network for crop protection products
and seeds as well as in research, development and digital transformation. Some of the largest
projects in 2019 comprised investments in herbicide production (€250 million) and breeding
stations for corn in the United States (€50 million), and in fungicide production in Germany

(€20 million). Alongside these projects, the development of digital solutions for our customers was
a key investment in 2019 and will remain so in the coming years.

At Pharmaceuticals, the highest expenditures for property, plant, and equipment in 2019 were
the development of a modular production center for biologicals in Berkeley, United States
(€47 million); modernization programs for the production network of our product supply
organization (€42 million); the building of a new research facility in Wuppertal, Germany

(€36 million); and the construction of a sterile filling plant in Berlin, Germany (€19 million).

At approximately €26 million, Consumer Health’s largest investment was the GMP upgrade
program across its global production sites, including €12 million for the production site in Lerma,
Mexico.

| *

A 2.2.4/4
Material Investments in Property, Plant and Equipment
2018 2019
Crop Science Capacity expansions for herbicide production in Muskegon, Michigan, and Mobile, divested?
Alabama, U.S.A., and Frankfurt and Knapsack, Germany
Construction of a production facility for insecticides in Dormagen, Germany completed
Expansion of production capacities for fungicides in Dormagen, Germany completed initiated?
Expansion of research and development facilities in Monheim, Germany ongoing ongoing
Construction of breeding stations for various plant species worldwide divested?
Expansion of R&D facilities in Raleigh, North Carolina, U.S.A. divested?
Expansion of production and research greenhouses in Nunhem, Netherlands divested?
Establishment of a production site for fungicides in Kansas City, Missouri, U.S.A. ongoing completed
Expansion of production capacities for insecticides in Vapi, India ongoing ongoing
Construction of a production facility for herbicides in Luling, Louisiana, U.S.A.' ongoing ongoing
Construction of a corn seed production site in Pochuyki, Ukraine’ ongoing completed
Construction of a corn breeding station in Marana, Arizona, U.S.A.' ongoing completed
Expansion of R&D facilities in Petrolina, Brazil initiated
Expansion of R&D facilities in Chesterfield, Missouri, U.S.A.' initiated completed
Construction of a cotton seed production site in Lubbock, Texas, U.S.A.! ongoing completed
IT solutions to support digital transformation’ ongoing ongoing

Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 81
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

A 2.2.4/4 (continued)

Material Investments in Property, Plant and Equipment

2018 2019
Pharmaceuticals Expansion of Eylea™ production capacities in Berlin, Germany, and Shiga, Japan ongoing ongoing
Pilot facility for continuous solids production in Leverkusen, Germany ongoing ongoing
Modernization of production facilities at sites across the production network ongoing ongoing
(Leverkusen, Germany; Garbagnate, Italy; etc.)
Construction of a new research building in Wuppertal (Aprath), Germany ongoing ongoing
Modernization of research facilities in Berlin, Germany ongoing ongoing
Expansion of active ingredient production for Xarelto™ in Bergkamen, Germany ongoing ongoing
Construction of modular production center for biologicals in Berkeley, United States initiated ongoing
Construction of a sterile filling plant in Berlin, Germany ongoing ongoing
Modernization of active ingredient production for intrauterine systems in Turku, Finland initiated ongoing
Expansion of Xarelto production in Bitterfeld, Germany ongoing ongoing
Expansion of active ingredient production for acarbose in Wuppertal, Germany initiated ongoing
Consumer Health Upgrade of global production site facilities to new GMP standards ongoing ongoing

‘Monsanto was responsible for these projects until the closing of the acquisition.
? In conjunction with the divestments to BASF
= New investment project initiated at the same site

Liquid assets and net financial debt

A 2.2.4/5

Net Financial Debt!

Dec. 31, Dec. 31,

€ million 2018 2019 Change %
Bonds and notes/ promissory notes 35,402 33,569 -5.2
of which hybrid bonds* 4,537 4,528 -0.2
Liabilities to banks® 4,865 4,062 -16.5
Lease liabilities 399 1,251 .
Liabilities from derivatives* 172 123 -28.5
Other financial liabilities 556 89 -84.0
Receivables from derivatives* (137) (76) -44.5
Financial debt 41,257 39,018 -5.4
Cash and cash equivalents (4,052) (3,185) -21.4
Current financial assets® (930) (1,282) +37.8
Shares in Covestro® (596) (483) -19.0
Net financial debt 35,679 34,068 -4.5

' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

? Classified as debt according to IFRS

$ Including both financial and nonfinancial liabilities

‘Including the market values of interest-rate and currency hedges of recorded transactions

5 Including short-term receivables with maturities between 3 and 12 months outstanding from banks and other companies as well as
financial investments in debt and equity instruments that were recorded as current on first-time recognition

® Covestro shares are held for risk management purposes relating to the exchangeable bond issued in 2017 that matures in 2020.

In 2019, the Bayer Group’s net financial debt decreased by €1.6 billion. Cash inflows from
operating activities more than offset the cash outflows for dividends, negative currency effects
and the impact of the first-time application of IFRS 16.

Financial debt included four subordinated hybrid bonds with a total volume of €4.5 billion, 50% of
which is treated as equity by the rating agencies. As such, the hybrid bonds have a positive
impact on the Group’s rating-specific debt indicators.

In 2019, Bayer AG repurchased the €1.75 billion hybrid bond maturing in 2075 (callable on July 1,
2020) before the first call date. The repurchase was financed through the issuance of two hybrid
bonds with nominal volumes of €1.0 billion and €750 million. In addition, three bonds with a total
nominal volume of US$2.5 billion and a bond with a nominal volume of JPY 10 billion were
redeemed at maturity.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

The decline in liabilities to banks was largely due to further repayments of the acquisition
financing. This amounted to US$3.8 billion as of December 31, 2019.

The increase in lease liabilities was mainly due to the change in lease accounting resulting from
the first-time application of IFRS 16.

The decline in other financial liabilities was primarily due to the maturing of the mandatory
convertible notes issued in November 2016, which were converted into Bayer AG shares on
November 22, 2019.

Asset and Capital Structure of the Bayer Group

A 2.2.4/6

Bayer Group Summary Statements of Financial Position
Dec. 31, Dec. 31, Change
€ million 2018 2019 (%)
Noncurrent assets 95,667 93,699 -21
Assets held for sale 234 1,137 .
Other current assets 30,831 31,422 +1.9
Current assets 31,065 32,559 +4.8
Total assets 126,732 126,258 -0.4
Equity 46,148 47,517 +3.0
Noncurrent liabilities 57,459 55,526 -3.4
Current liabilities 23,113 22,553 -2.4
Provisions directly related to assets held for sale 12 662 .
Total current liabilities 23,125 23,215 +0.4
Liabilities 80,584 78,741 -2.3
Total equity and liabilities 126,732 126,258 -0.4

2018 figures restated

Between December 31, 2019, and December 31, 2018, total assets decreased by €0.5 billion.

Noncurrent assets fell by €2.0 billion to €93.7 billion, primarily due to a €2.0 billion decline in
intangible assets that was largely attributable to amortization and disposals resulting from the
divestments at Consumer Health. The €0.5 billion drop in property, plant and equipment is partly
related to the reclassification of the Animal Health business to assets held for sale and to the sale
of our stake in Currenta. By contrast, goodwill rose by around €0.7 billion, primarily due to the
acquisition of BlueRock and a currency-related increase, while the divestments of Coppertone™
and Dr. Scholl’s™, for which proportionate goodwill was transferred, were among the factors that
had an opposing effect.

Total current assets increased by €1.5 billion to €32.6 billion, with assets held for sale in particular
increasing by €0.9 billion due to the agreed divestment of our Animal Health business. Other
financial assets rose by €1.2 billion to €2.3 billion. In addition, claims for income tax refunds
increased by €0.8 billion to €1.7 billion, largely as a result of the capital gains tax paid on intra-
Group dividends in Germany. Cash and cash equivalents decreased by €0.9 billion to €3.2 billion
in 2019.

Equity rose by €1.4 billion compared with December 31, 2018, to €47.5 billion, mainly due to the
increase in comprehensive income. The equity ratio advanced to 37.6% as of December 31, 2019
(December 31, 2018: 36.4%).

Liabilities as of December 31, 2019, declined by €1.8 billion to €78.7 billion. Noncurrent liabilities
decreased by €1.9 billion to €55.5 billion, while current liabilities remained virtually unchanged.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 83
2.3 Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group

2.3 Alternative Performance Measures Used
by the Bayer Group

The Combined Management Report and the consolidated financial statements of the Bayer Group __ See also
are prepared according to the applicable financial reporting standards. In addition to the “About this Report”
disclosures and metrics these require, Bayer publishes alternative performance measures (APMs)

hat are not defined or specified in these standards and for which there are no generally accepted

reporting formats. Bayer calculates APMs to enable a comparison of performance indicators over

ime and against those of other companies in its industry sectors. These APMs are calculated by

making certain adjustments to items in the statement of financial position or the income statement

prepared according to the applicable financial reporting standards. Such adjustments may result

rom differences in calculation or measurement methods, nonuniform business activities or special

actors affecting the information value of these items. The APMs determined in this way apply to

all periods and are used both internally for business management purposes and externally by

analysts, investors and rating agencies to assess the company’s performance. Bayer determines

he following APMs:

// Change in sales (reported, currency-adjusted, currency- and portfolio-adjusted)
// Pro-forma sales

// EBITDA

// EBITDA before special items

// EBITDA margin before special items

// EBIT

// EBIT before special items

// Core earnings per share

// Net financial debt

// Return on capital employed (ROCE)

// Net operating profit after tax (NOPAT)

// Capital employed

// Weighted average cost of capital (WACC)
// Free cash flow

// Forecast key financial data

The (reported) change in sales is a relative indicator. It shows the percentage by which sales
varied from the previous year.

The currency-adjusted or currency- and portfolio-adjusted change in sales shows the
percentage change in sales excluding the impact of exchange rate effects and, in the latter case,
disregarding material acquisitions and divestments as well. Exchange rate effects are generally
calculated on the basis of the functional currency valid in the respective country. An exception
existed in Argentina, primarily in our crop protection business, where the currency effect was
calculated on the basis of the U.S. dollar instead of the functional (national) currency.

Due to the scope of the activities acquired through the Monsanto acquisition and the seasonality BR

of the business, we are also presenting sales by strategic business entity on an unaudited, pro- See A 2.2.2/10 for
forma basis to better show the operational business development for the combined business of further details of the
Crop Science and Monsanto, among other reasons. The pro-forma sales are presented as if both Calculation of pro-forma
the acquisition of Monsanto and the associated divestments had taken place as of January 1, sales

2018, and are being reported for the last time for fiscal 2019.
Bayer Annual Report 2019

2.3 Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group

EBITDA stands for earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and impairment losses/loss
reversals on property, plant and equipment, impairment losses on goodwill, and amortization

and impairment losses/loss reversals on other intangible assets. This performance indicator
neutralizes the effects of the financial result along with distortions of operational performance that
result from divergent depreciation and amortization methods and the exercise of measurement
discretion. EBITDA is EBIT plus the amortization of intangible assets and the depreciation of
property, plant and equipment, plus impairment losses and minus impairment loss reversals,
recognized in profit or loss during the reporting period.

EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) serves to present a company’s performance while
eliminating the effects of differences among local taxation systems and different financing
activities.

EBITDA before special items and EBIT before special items show the development of the
operational business irrespective of the effects of special items, i.e. special effects for the Bayer
Group with regard to their nature and magnitude. These may include acquisition costs,
divestments, litigations, restructuring, integration costs, impairment losses and impairment loss
reversals. In the calculation of EBIT before special items and EBITDA before special items, special
charges are added and special gains subtracted.

The EBITDA margin before special items is a relative indicator used by Bayer for internal and
external comparisons of operational earnings performance. It is the ratio of EBITDA before special
items to net sales.

The APM core earnings per share (core EPS) from continuing operations is based on the concept
of earnings per share (EPS) as defined in IAS 33. Core EPS forms the basis of the Bayer Group’s
dividend policy.

Core EPS is calculated using the following method: Based on EBIT (as per the income
statements), the special items, impairment losses on goodwill, amortization / impairment losses /
loss reversals on other intangible assets, impairment losses/loss reversals on property, plant and
equipment and the accelerated depreciation included in special items are neutralized to determine
core EBIT. This enables a comparison of performance over time. Core EBIT is reconciled to core
net income from continuing operations, and core EPS is then calculated by dividing core net
income by the weighted average number of shares.

As core EPS is calculated for each interim reporting period, core EPS for the fiscal year or for
each interim reporting period up to the respective closing date may deviate from the cumulated
core EPS for the individual interim reporting periods.

Net financial debt is an important financial management indicator for the Bayer Group and is used
both internally and externally in assessing its liquidity, capital structure and financial flexibility.

The return on capital employed (ROCE) measures the capital return over a specified period and is
employed as a strategic indicator to evaluate value creation. It is the ratio of net operating profit
after taxes (NOPAT) to the average capital employed in a fiscal year. NOPAT is calculated by
subtracting income taxes from EBIT. Income taxes are calculated by multiplying EBIT by a uniform
tax rate that is based on a historical average of tax rates.

A Combined Management Report

[

a)

See B 1 of the Notes to
the Consolidated
Financial Statements for
the reconciliation to EBIT

a)

See A 2.2.1/5 for the
calculation of core EPS,
and A 2.2.1 for further
details

a)

See A 2.2.4/4 for the
calculation of net
financial debt, and

A 2.2.4 for further details

a)

See A 2.2.3/1 for the
calculation of ROCE, and
A 2.2.3 for further details
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 85
2.3 Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group

The capital employed by Bayer is the total carrying amount of operational noncurrent and current ha)

assets, minus liabilities that are largely non-interest-bearing in character and/or would distort the See A 2.2.3/2 for the
capital base. An average value, calculated from the values at the end of the prior year and of the calculation of capital
reporting year, is used to depict the change in capital employed during the reporting year. In employed

addition to changes from operating activities, the capital employed in 2019 rose by €1,327 million

due to a one-time effect resulting from application of the International Financial Reporting

Standard IFRS 16 (“Leases”) as of January 1, 2019.

The ROCE is compared to the weighted average cost of capital (WACC), which is the return
expected by the providers of equity and debt. If the ROCE exceeds the WACC, return
expectations have been exceeded, indicating that enterprise value has been created.

The WACC is based on an after-tax approach and calculated at the start of the year as the
weighted average of the equity and debt cost factors. The cost of equity is determined using the
capital asset pricing model (CAPM), while the debt-capital cost factor is calculated based on the
average returns of ten-year Eurobonds issued by industrial companies. Further information on the
segment-specific capital cost factors used in impairment testing is provided in Note [4] to B
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Free cash flow (FCF) is an alternative performance measure that is based on the cash flow from
operating activities under IAS 7. FOF illustrates the cash flows available for paying dividends and
reducing debt as well as for investing in innovation and acquisitions. It is calculated by subtracting
cash outflows for additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets from the cash
flow from operating activities from continuing and discontinued operations, adding interest and
dividends received along with interest received from interest-rate swaps, and deducting interest
paid including interest-rate swaps.

The forward-looking key performance indicators published in the forecast for key financial data
are based on data that is determined in the course of our planning process. The key financial data
in the forecast is determined in accordance with the applied accounting policies and with the
calculation models for alternative performance measures described in this chapter.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
3.1 Future Perspectives

3, Reoort on Future Perspectives
and on Opportunities and Risks

3.1 Future Perspectives

3.1.1 Economic Outlook

A3.1.1/1

Economic Outlook
Growth
Growth' forecast!
2019 2020
World +2.6% +2.5%
European Union +1.4% +1.0%
of which Germany +0.5% +0.4%
United States +2.3% +2.1%
Emerging Markets? +4.1% +4.2%

' Real growth of gross domestic product, source: IHS Markit
? Including about 50 countries defined by IHS Markit as emerging markets in line with the World Bank
As of January 2020

Global economic growth at the previous year’s level

In 2020, we expect the global economy to grow at about the same rate as in 2019. Positive
stimuli are likely to result from a temporary easing of the trade dispute between China and the
United States and a lessening of the uncertainty over Brexit, which has since taken place. On the
other hand, risks emanating from geopolitical tensions have increased. In the European Union, we
foresee a continued slowing of growth overall, with Germany in particular unlikely to provide
positive impetus for the economy. In the United States, however, robust consumption should
ensure there is only a slight dip in growth. We expect the Emerging Markets to grow at the same
rate as in 2019. While growth in China will likely continue to slow, we believe the pace of
economic expansion in Latin America as a whole will be somewhat higher than in the prior year.

A 3.1.1/2

Economic Outlook for the Divisions
Growth
Growth forecast
2019 2020
Seeds and crop protection market! 0% +2%
Pharmaceuticals market? +6% +5%
Consumer health market? +4% +4%

2019 data provisional

' Bayer’s estimate (as of January 2020)

? Source: IQVIA Market Prognosis (October 2019); all rights reserved; currency adjusted

° Source for forecast: Nicholas Hall (November 2019); all rights reserved; 2019 figure: Bayer’s estimate; figures are currency-adjusted
in both cases

We foresee solid growth for the global seed and crop protection market after 2019 was impacted
by adverse weather conditions. A positive development is expected in North America, driven by
an anticipated increase/ rebound in corn and soybean acreage, while the Asia/Pacific region is
set to benefit from demand for high-quality produce. By contrast, a number of macroeconomic
factors such as the aforementioned trade dispute and environmental challenges such as African
swine fever are likely to have a negative impact. In view of the political uncertainties and
environmental developments, the outlook for Latin America is unclear. In the Europe/Middle East /
Africa region, the regulatory environment and growing generic pressure in Europe will limit growth
expectations.

[*
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report

3.1 Future Perspectives

We expect the pharmaceuticals market to expand by 5% in 2020 (2019: 6%), with slightly lower
growth rates in nearly all regions compared with 2019. The Japanese market in particular is likely
to experience a decline. We anticipate continued growth momentum to come from new, high-end
products and volume increases.

We anticipate that growth of the consumer health market in 2020 will be on a par with the 2019
level. The market is likely to experience rising price pressure from e-commerce and continued
consolidation of the retail sector.

3.1.2 Corporate Outlook

The following forecast is based on the current business development and our internal planning. It
also proceeds from the assumption that our Animal Health business will transfer to the acquirer
effective July 1, 2020, and that we will receive the purchase price on that date in cash and Elanco
shares as agreed.

To enhance the comparability of operating performance, the forecasts are adjusted for currency
effects**. A 1% appreciation (depreciation) of the euro against all other currencies would decrease
(increase) sales on an annual basis by some €350 million and EBITDA before special items by
about €100 million.

We adjusted our value flows as of January 1, 2020 (for further details see A 1.1.2 “Corporate
Structure”), which has an impact on the divisions’ EBITDA before special items. If these value
flows had already applied in 2019, this key indicator would have been as follows:

A3.1.2/1

Pro-forma EBITDA Before Special Items After Value Flow Changes

Crop Pharma- Consumer

€ million Science _ceuticals Health
EBITDA before special items' 4,796 5,975 1,090
Value flow changes (82) (114) 51
Pro-forma EBITDA before special items after value flow changes 4,714 5,861 1,141

' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

For 2020, we expect currency-adjusted sales from continuing operations to amount to around
€44 billion to €45 billion. This corresponds to an increase of about 3% to 4% on a currency- and
portfolio-adjusted basis. We aim to increase the EBITDA margin before special items to around
28% on a currency-adjusted basis. Based on the aforementioned sales figure, this would
correspond to EBITDA before special items of €12.3 billion to €12.6 billion on a currency-adjusted
basis. We plan to raise core earnings per share to between €7.00 and €7.20 on a currency-
adjusted basis.

2 Using the average monthly exchange rates from 2019 (see table B 4/1)
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

A 3.1.2/2

Forecast for 2020

2019 figures 2020 forecast
€ billion change (%) € billion change (%)

Sales' 43.5 +3.5 44to45 +3to4
Crop Science 19.8 +1.4 ~+4
Pharmaceuticals 18.0 +5.6 +3to4
Consumer Health 5.5 +2.6 +2to3

Margin (%)
(pro forma) Margin (%)

EBITDA before special items'

(pro forma) 11.5 26.4 ~28
Crop Science 4.8 (4.7) 24.2 (23.8) ~26
Pharmaceuticals 6.0 (5.9) 33.3 (32.6) ~83
Consumer Health 1.1 (1.1) 20.0 (20.9) 22023

Financial result (core)? (1.6) ~(1.5)

Tax rate (core)® 22.5% ~23%

Free cash flow' 4.2 ~5

Net financial debt" 34.1 ~27

Special items in EBITDA (1.9) ~(0.9)

€ €
Core EPS' 6.40 7.00 to 7.20

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted

' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

? Financial result before special items

3 (Income taxes + special items in income taxes + tax effects on adjustments) /(core EBIT + financial result + special items in
financial result)

We plan to take total special charges of about €0.9 billion (currency-adjusted) in 2020, of which
we expect approximately €0.7 billion to be spent on restructuring.

Potential estimation risks regarding special charges in connection with litigations are referenced in
A 3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report.

3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

3.2.1 Group-wide Opportunity and Risk Management System

As a global life science enterprise, we are exposed to a wide range of internal or external
developments and events that could significantly impact the achievement of our financial and
nonfinancial objectives. Opportunity and risk management is therefore an integral part of
corporate management at Bayer.

Opportunity management system

We identify opportunities as part of the annual strategic planning cycle, during which we analyze
internal and external factors that may affect our business. These may be factors of a social,
economic or environmental nature. The core phase of our strategic planning process takes place
in the first half of the year and starts with a comprehensive analysis of the markets. We build on
this by analyzing the respective market environments to identify opportunities. These analyses
are based on different time periods since trends or developments may impact our business over
the short, medium or long term. In addition, opportunities are identified by the management

and employees through daily observation of internal processes and markets. Depending on
developments, factors affecting our business, such as market risks, may result in either risks or
opportunities. Opportunities that we regard as highly likely to materialize have already been taken
into account in our planning.

;*
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 89
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Risk management system

We have implemented a holistic and integrated risk management system designed to ensure the
continued existence and future target attainment of the Group through the early identification,
assessment and treatment of risks.

Our risk management system is aligned to internationally recognized standards and principles
such as the ISO 31000 risk management standard of the International Organization for
Standardization.

Structure of Bayer’s Risk Management System

A3.2.1/1

Structure of the Risk Management System

Supervisory Board
Board of Management

Bayer Assurance Committee

Crop Science Risk early warning system

Pharmaceuticals
process

Consumer Health Compliance management system

Other systems
(e.g. quality management)

Internal Audit

Enabling functions

Operational business Control and monitoring systems Process-independent monitoring

Bayer principles, standards, methods and tools

The Board of Management of Bayer AG holds overall responsibility for an effective risk
management system. The Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board examines the
appropriateness and effectiveness of the risk management system at least once a year and
reports to the full Supervisory Board.

The Bayer Assurance Committee, which is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer, is a committee
of the Board of Management. As well as ensuring that appropriate action is taken to control any
substantial risks, the Bayer Assurance Committee regularly discusses and reviews the risk
portfolio and the status of the risk control measures.

Responsibility for the identification, assessment, treatment and reporting of risks lies with the
operational business units in the divisions and enabling functions.

Control and monitoring systems

To enable the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board to monitor material business risks
as required by law, we have implemented a risk early warning system pursuant to Section 91,
Paragraph 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG), an internal control system for (Group)
accounting and financial reporting processes, and a compliance management system. Various
enabling functions are responsible for these systems. The Risk Management enabling function
steers and coordinates the risk management system. It provides overarching standards, methods
and tools, is responsible for the risk early warning system, steers the annual Enterprise Risk
Management (ERM) process, and ensures reporting to the Bayer Assurance Committee and the
Board of Management.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 90
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Risk early warning system

Our ERM system meets the requirement set out in Section 91, Paragraph 2 of the German Stock
Corporation Act that a risk early warning system be implemented and used to identify at an early
stage developments that are material and/or could endanger the company’s continued existence.
It establishes a consistent framework and uniform standards for the risk early warning system
throughout the Bayer Group.

Internal control system for (Group) accounting and financial reporting
(Report pursuant to Sections 289, Paragraph 4 and 315, Paragraph 4 of the German Commercial
Code)

As part of the comprehensive risk management system, Bayer has an internal control system (ICS)
in place for the (Group) accounting and financial reporting process. This system comprises
suitable structures and workflows that are defined and implemented throughout the organization.
The purpose of our ICS is to ensure proper and effective accounting and financial reporting in
accordance with Section 289, Paragraph 4 and Section 315, Paragraph 4 of the German
Commercial Code. The ICS is designed to guarantee timely, uniform and accurate accounting

for all business transactions based on applicable statutory regulations, accounting and financial
reporting standards and the internal Group policies that are binding upon all consolidated
companies. Risks are identified and assessed, and appropriate countermeasures are taken to
mitigate them. Mandatory, Group-wide standards such as system-based and manual
reconciliation processes and functional separation have been derived from these frameworks and
promulgated throughout the Bayer Group by the Risk Management enabling function on behalf of
the Chief Financial Officer of Bayer AG. These standards are implemented by the Bayer Group
companies. Compliance with these standards is the responsibility of the respective management
teams. The Board of Management has confirmed the effective functioning of the ICS and the
relevant criteria for the 2019 fiscal year. However, it should be noted that an internal control
system, irrespective of its design, cannot provide absolute assurance that material misstatements
in the financial reporting will be avoided or identified.

Compliance management system

Our compliance management system is aimed at ensuring lawful and responsible conduct by our B
employees. It is designed to identify potential violations in advance and systematically prevent See also A 4.2
their occurrence. The compliance management system thus contributes significantly to the

integration of compliance into our operating units and their processes. Details of compliance

management can be found in Chapter A 4.2 Compliance, which describes in particular the

process for identifying risks and taking steps to mitigate them.

Process-independent monitoring

The Internal Audit enabling function supports Bayer’s attainment of the Group targets by
employing a systematic and targeted approach in order to assess and help improve the
effectiveness of corporate governance, risk management and monitoring processes. In addition,
the external auditor, as an independent external body, assesses the fundamental suitability of the
early warning system as part of its audit of the annual financial statements.

Basic elements of the Bayer risk management system

Risk culture and objectives of the risk management system

All levels of the company are included in risk management in order to heighten the awareness

and understanding of risks. This lays the foundation for a risk culture with independent, proactive
and systematic risk management involving clearly defined roles and responsibilities, principles,
standards, methods, tools and training measures. The aims of the risk management system are to
achieve risk transparency, which also encompasses the early detection of risks, to support risk-
based (treatment) decisions and to ensure compliance with legal requirements. This establishes a
basis for the proper and responsible management of risks.
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report / 91

Risk management process

Identification: Risks are identified by risk owners in the divisions and enabling functions. To
support the fullest possible identification of risks, the Bayer Group maintains a Risk Universe that
reflects the company’s potential risk categories. The Bayer Risk Universe, which is regularly
updated, expressly accounts for risks of a nonfinancial nature that are linked to our business
activity or to our business relationships, products and services. Risks pursuant to the CSR
Directive Implementation Act that relate to environmental, employee and social issues, human
rights, corruption and bribery (compliance) are included as well.

Assessment: Where possible, the identified risks are evaluated with regard to their potential
impact and likelinood of occurrence using the following matrix and taking into account established
risk control measures.

a)

See “About this Report”
for more information

on the nonfinancial
statement pursuant to
the CSR Directive
Implementation Act

A3.2.1/2

Risk Assessment Matrix

Severe/
>2,500
Major/ g
>1,500—2,500 8 £
a=
a ESS
Significant/ Z cE
>750-1,500 =#GE£
ee
os
Medium/ as
>250-750 o

Moderate/

> 150-250 a

Likelihood of occurrence in a 10-year period (%)

Very unlikely Unlikely Possible Likely Very likely
<10% 10%-30% 30%-50% 50%-70% >70%
eee High eee Medium Low wae Risks to be reported externally

Risks are classified as high, medium or low when assessing their materiality within the overall risk
portfolio. The extent of the impact is rated in quantitative and/or qualitative terms. The
quantitative assessment reflects a potentially negative effect on cash flows. A qualitative
assessment of the impact is based on criteria such as the effect on our strategy or reputation, the
potential loss of stakeholder confidence, and potential incomplete compliance with sustainability
principles (e.g. in the area of safety, environmental protection or human rights). The higher rating —
qualitatively or quantitatively - determines the overall assessment. The likelinood of occurrence is
calculated based on a maximum period of 10 years. A further aspect we consider is the speed at
which the impact will occur if a risk materializes. Risk categories may potentially influence the
materialization of risks in other categories, a factor that we take into account when assessing the
likelinood of occurrence. For example, developments in the “Social and macroeconomic trends”
risk category may have an influence on the “Regulatory changes,” “Legal/ compliance” and
“Product safety and stewardship” categories.

Risks with a potential impact of over €5,000 million are examined separately by the Bayer
Assurance Committee to determine whether they could endanger the company’s continued
existence.

Treatment: The risk owners decide on a targeted risk level based on a cost-benefit analysis and
define a risk management strategy as well as risk management measures. These include risk
avoidance, risk reduction, risk transfer and risk acceptance.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 92
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Reporting: The results are reported to the Bayer Assurance Committee by the Risk Management
enabling function. In addition, new risks above a defined threshold are reported to the Risk
Management enabling function on an ad-hoc basis and, if relevant, to the Bayer Assurance
Committee and the Chief Financial Officer. A report on the risk portfolio is submitted to the Board
of Management and the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board at least once a year.

Monitoring and improvement
The Risk Management enabling function continuously evaluates whether the principles, standards,
methods and tools are appropriate and up to date.

3.2.2 Opportunity and Risk Status

In this section, we report on material, reportable risks pursuant to German Accounting Standard
No. 20. These include all financial and nonfinancial risks that have been classified as high or
medium and are at least significant in terms of potential impact after taking the existing risk
control measures into account (net risk). They encompass risks falling within the black outline in
the rating matrix A 3.2.1/2. In addition, we report relevant risks that from a financial point of view
may not be sufficiently or meaningfully quantifiable, if at all. We also report on the principal
opportunities identified in the course of our opportunity management. Furthermore, we assess the
probability that the effects of individual risks could change significantly during the forecast period.
Our most recent evaluation did not find this to be case, with the following exception: Legal
proceedings generally involve estimation risks, which may be substantial in some cases. Against
the background of the proceedings in the glyphosate matter, in particular, outcomes of the
mediation process and/or the ongoing litigations may lead to adjustments of the provisions
established in connection with this series of litigations. Such adjustments may materially impact
the forecast issued with respect to the financial position and cash flows.

Comparable risks existing in different divisions of the company are bundled where applicable.

According to our understanding, risks relating to the aspects outlined in the CSR Directive
Implementation Act that would have to be reported separately would have to have at least a
“severe” potential impact under the qualitative criterion “potential incomplete compliance with
sustainability principles” and additionally their likelinood of occurrence would have to be classified
as “very likely.” We did not identify any such risks in 2019.

The section below details the individual risk categories, how they have been classified and the
divisions concerned. The order in which the risks are listed does not imply any order of
importance. We also describe opportunities and risks of a division-specific nature where relevant.
The divisions mentioned are those that have identified material risks. Other divisions may also be
affected to a lesser extent. Material risks reported by enabling functions are categorized under
“Group,” although they may also affect the divisions.

Social and macroeconomic trends (High: Group; Medium: Crop Science)?"

The growing world population and the resulting higher demand for food offer opportunities for our
Crop Science Division. Changes in consumer behavior are in some cases driving an increase in
demand for food products of animal origin. Agricultural productivity therefore needs to increase in
view of declining per-capita acreages, the challenges presented by climate change, and
increasing product resistance. We therefore expect demand for high-quality seeds and crop
protection products to rise. Furthermore, the increase in quality of life and life expectancy is
leading to a heightened focus on the medical care needs of elderly patients. To take advantage of
the opportunities arising from the growing demand for innovative health care products to treat
age-related diseases, our Pharmaceuticals Division is concentrating its research and development
activities on relevant therapeutic areas, among other measures.

8 The classification pertains to the risks.

a)

See also A 3.2.1 and
“About this Report”
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 93
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Furthermore, a deterioration in public perception toward Bayer represents a risk. For example,
modern agricultural methods, such as the application of certain classes of crop protection
products and the use of genetic engineering, are often the subject of intense public debate and
can adversely affect our reputation. The risk of an increasingly negative public debate that is not
primarily based on science may, for example, lead to legislative and regulatory decisions that are
unfavorable to us, significantly limiting the use of our products or even resulting in voluntary or
mandated product withdrawals. We are engaged in constant dialogue with interest groups and
regulators to promote a scientifically founded, rational and responsible discussion and decision-
making process.

Moreover, negative developments of a macroeconomic nature, such as crises in important sales B

markets for Bayer, could adversely impact our Crop Science business and reduce our earnings. See also A 1.2 Strategy
Our markets are cyclical and are shaped by economic developments and factors including

fluctuating weather conditions and pest pressure that may adversely impact our business. We

address these influences through our globally diversified business, flexible supply chain,

comprehensive monitoring and assessment of market developments, and our ability to adjust

production volumes to the level of demand forecast in sales and distribution planning on the basis

of an optimized supply chain strategy.

Market developments (Medium: Crop Science, Consumer Health)

In the Crop Science Division, we could face increased competition in the seed and crop BR

protection industry. New competitors entering the market as well as aggressive marketing and See also A 1.2.3
pricing strategies — not only for generic products — could negatively impact our profitability. In Sustainability
addition, increasing digitalization in the agriculture sector could lead to the rise of new players and Management

alter the market, potentially impacting value creation at our crop protection business. To take

account of these developments, we are realigning our business models, engaging in scientific and

commercial partnerships and utilizing our own R&D capabilities. The unexpected development of

resistances, which could impact market growth or the profitability of our products, represents a

further risk. By regularly monitoring such developments, we are able to initiate industry-wide

measures to halt the spread of resistance if necessary. In addition, we actively update our product

portfolio based on anti-resistance strategies. ny

However, the development of resistance to crop protection products and special traits also See also A 1.2 Strategy
represents an opportunity as a continuous natural driver of innovation. and A 1.3 Innovation

The risk of existing business models undergoing rapid change as a result of digitalization and new
digital products is also present in the Consumer Health Division. Digitalization is a key factor in
gaining a competitive advantage. If we fail to adequately integrate this development into our
existing business models, we could lose customers and market share. We monitor the market
very closely, while devising strategies and establishing measures to address developments in our
business models.

Regulatory changes (Medium: Crop Science, Pharmaceuticals, Group)

Our business activity is subject to extensive regulations that may change. For example, further
restrictions could be imposed on the sale and use of various crop protection products, or the
pricing of pharmaceutical products could be more strictly regulated. Residues of agrochemical
products, pharmaceutical compounds or microplastics in the environment could also become
subject to more stringent regulation. In addition, regulatory changes could affect agricultural
imports from other parts of the world and therefore our business in those regions. Regulatory
changes could also cause uncertainty over our products’ patent protection, potentially resulting in
financial losses that may even include the repayment of license fees. Regulatory changes may also
lead to higher product development costs and longer development times or even necessitate
adjustments to our product portfolio, which in turn may negatively impact our reputation.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

We counter such risks by monitoring changes in regulatory requirements in order to adequately BA

address them within the company. To adapt to these factors, we deploy in-house research and See also A 1.6
development capacities, make acquisitions, enter into collaborations and engage in dialogue with

the authorities with the goal of promoting science-based decision-making. We also continue to

develop our product portfolio in light of anticipated changes.

Business strategy (Medium: Crop Science, Pharmaceuticals, Group)

In the Pharmaceuticals Division in particular, we look to supplement our organic growth through
acquisitions and/or inlicensing. The strategic measures aimed at achieving inorganic growth
involve heightened challenges, in part due to the increasing difficulty in identifying suitable
acquisition or inlicensing candidates on economically acceptable terms.

One of the challenges for our Crop Science Division lies in enhancing agricultural productivity
through the use of digital tools, such as data analysis. In addition, new digital business models will
emerge. These developments entail risks and uncertainties.

We counter these risks by aligning our organization and our processes to the existing challenges
in areas including the identification and implementation of inlicensing opportunities and project
oversight. In the Crop Science Division, our digital farming activities are bundled in our subsidiary,
The Climate Corporation. Where necessary, they are supplemented by strategic partnerships with
leading IT companies.

Research and development (High: Pharmaceuticals)

Across our businesses, we see opportunities both in the continued development of our brands
and in the expansion of our research pipeline as a result of our innovation strength. In the
Pharmaceuticals Division, opportunities result from digitalization and associated new research and
development methods that save time and increase development effectiveness. We also rely on
networking, both within the company and with external partners, to boost our innovation strength.
This stimulates the development of new products. Technological advances in pharmaceutical
product development may at the same time represent a risk for us should we not be in a position
to play a role in shaping such advances. The need to identify a sufficient number of research
candidates represents a challenge. Furthermore, we cannot ensure that all of the products we are
currently developing or will develop in the future will obtain their planned approval/registration or
achieve commercial success. These goals may not be reached if, for example, we are unable to
satisfy technical or capacity requirements or meet time constraints in product development, fail to
achieve study objectives or do not allocate financial resources optimally. Delays or cost overruns
may occur during product registration or launch. We counter this risk through holistic portfolio
management, by estimating the probability of success and prioritizing development projects.

In the Crop Science Division, we anticipate that the combination of innovation capacities and
budgets achieved as part of the acquisition and integration of the agriculture business acquired in
2018 will enable us to more effectively tackle the challenges faced in developing and introducing
product solutions in agriculture, including longer and more costly development cycles or stricter
regulatory requirements. In the medium to long term, we plan to leverage the strengths of the
combined R&D platform to deliver pioneering technologies faster.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Supply of products (procurement, production, logistics)

(Medium: Crop Science, Pharmaceuticals)

Despite all precautions, operations at our sites may be disrupted by fires, power outages, process
changeovers — including those required by regulatory authorities — or plant breakdowns for
example. In addition, some of our production facilities are located in areas that may be affected by
natural disasters such as flooding or earthquakes. These risks can lead to production disruptions
or stoppages, result in personal injury and damage to our reputation, lead to declines in sales
and/or margins, and necessitate the reconstruction of damaged infrastructure. If we are unable to
meet product demand, sales may undergo a structural decline because patients then receive
alternative treatments and may not switch back to our products. We address this risk for certain
products by building up safety stocks and by distributing production among multiple sites, for
example. Furthermore, an emergency response system based on the respective corporate policy
has been implemented at all our production sites.

Disruptions at our suppliers may also negatively impact our ability to supply products. Certain
materials, particularly in our Pharmaceuticals Division, are offered by only a small number of
suppliers. We counter these risks by establishing relationships with alternative suppliers,
concluding long-term agreements, expanding inventories or producing raw materials ourselves.
Strategic Material Review Committees regularly examine and assess the supplier risks.

Marketing, sales and distribution (Medium: Pharmaceuticals)

New product launches present particular challenges for our marketing and distribution
organization since assumptions about aspects such as the market and market circumstances may
not materialize as anticipated. As a result, product launch concepts — including those related to
clinical trials — and the planning or implementation of the distribution strategy could turn out to be
inefficient or inadequate in terms of scheduling. In addition, if competitors’ marketing activities
surpass our own efforts in this regard, this may represent a risk for sales of our products. We
address these risks with a forward-looking analysis of possible scenarios and the development of
suitable strategies for projects such as planned product launches.

Human resources (Medium: Group, Pharmaceuticals)

Skilled and dedicated employees are essential for the company’s success. Difficulties in recruiting, a
hiring and retaining urgently needed specialized employees (on a regional level) — also in view of See also A 1.4
competition among employers — and in employee development could have significant adverse
consequences for the company’s future development. It is also possible that organizational

changes that are not implemented appropriately or transparently may impair employee motivation

or increase employee turnover. Based on our analysis of future requirements, we counter these

risks by designing appropriate employee recruitment and development measures. In addition,

the alignment of our corporate culture toward diversity and employee needs enables us to

tap the full potential of the employment market. Furthermore, deliberate and transparent change
management forms an integral part of our human resources management and supports our

efforts to constantly motivate our employees.

Information technology (High: Group)

Our business and production processes and our internal and external communications are
dependent on global IT systems. This means that system reliability and the confidentiality of
internal and external data is of fundamental importance to us. If the risk of a breach of data
confidentiality, integrity or authenticity, for example due to (cyber) attacks, were to materialize, it
could lead to the manipulation and/or the uncontrolled outflow of data and knowledge, and to
reputational damage. Such attacks may also be carried out by in-house personnel. Our business
and/or production processes could also be temporarily disrupted by (cyber) attacks. The steps
we take to counter these risks include the testing of new technologies that we plan to use.
Projects and measures have also been implemented to keep technical security precautions up
to date and proactively identify and examine new threats. In addition, security measures
implemented by the Corporate Cyber Defense Center protect the existing IT infrastructure against
unauthorized access.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 96
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Finance and tax (Medium: Group)

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risks are defined as the possible inability of the Bayer Group to meet current or future
payment obligations. They are determined and managed by the Treasury unit of the Group
Finance enabling function as part of our same-day and medium-term liquidity planning. We hold
sufficient liquidity to ensure the fulfillment of all planned payment obligations throughout the Bayer
Group at maturity. For unbudgeted shortfalls in cash receipts or unexpected disbursements,
furthermore, a reserve is maintained and its balance is regularly reviewed and adjusted. Credit
facilities also exist with banks, including, in particular, an undrawn €4.5 billion syndicated revolving
credit facility with a current maturity of 2024 that can be extended by one year.

Credit risks

Credit risks arise from the possibility that the value of receivables or other financial assets of the
Bayer Group may be impaired because counterparties cannot meet their payment or other
performance obligations. The maximum default risk is reduced by existing collateral, especially our
global credit insurance programs. To manage credit risks from trade receivables, the invoicing
companies appoint credit managers who regularly analyze customers’ creditworthiness. We
generally agree reservation of title with our customers. Credit limits are set for all customers. In
addition, all credit limits for debtors where total exposure is €10 million or more are evaluated
both locally and centrally. Credit risks from financial transactions are managed centrally in the
Treasury unit of our Group Finance enabling function. To minimize risks, financial transactions are
only conducted within predefined exposure limits and with banks and other partners that
preferably have investment-grade ratings.

Opportunities and risks resulting from market price changes

Opportunities and risks resulting from fluctuations in currency exchange rates, interest rates and
commodity prices are managed by the Treasury unit of our Group Finance enabling function.
Risks are avoided or mitigated through the use of derivative financial instruments. The type and
level of currency, interest-rate and commodity price risks are determined using sensitivity analyses
as per IFRS 7 that are based on hypothetical changes in risk variables (such as interest curves) to
determine the potential effects of market fluctuations on equity and earnings. Although they fall
below the external reporting threshold under our ERM system, we report on interest-rate and
commodity price risks in this section due to the provisions of IFRS 7.

Foreign currency opportunities and risks for the Bayer Group result from changes in exchange
rates and the related changes in the value of financial instruments (including receivables and
payables) and of anticipated payment receipts and disbursements not in the functional currency.
Receivables and payables in liquid currencies from operating activities and financial items are
generally fully exchange-hedged through cross-currency interest-rate swaps and forward exchange
contracts. Anticipated exposure from planned payment receipts and disbursements in the future is
hedged through forward exchange contracts and currency options according to management
guidelines. Sensitivities were determined on the basis of a hypothetical scenario in which the euro
appreciates or depreciates by 10% against all other currencies compared with the year-end
exchange rates. In this scenario, the estimated hypothetical increase or decrease in cash flows
from derivative and nonderivative financial instruments would have improved or diminished earnings
as of December 31, 2019, by €29 million (December 31, 2018: €12 million). Derivatives used to
hedge anticipated currency exposure that are designated for hedge accounting would have
improved or diminished equity (other comprehensive income) by €408 million (December 31,

2018: €358 million). Currency effects on anticipated exposure are not taken into account. Of the
amount impacting equity, €112 million is related to the Chinese renminbi (CNY), €51 million to the
U.S. dollar (USD), €51 million to the Brazilian real (BRL) and €51 million to the Canadian dollar
(CAD).

A

See also A 3.2.1/3 Risk
Assessment Matrix
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Interest-rate opportunities and risks result for the Bayer Group from changes in capital

market interest rates, which in turn could lead to changes in the fair value of fixed-rate

financial instruments and changes in interest payments in the case of floating-rate instruments.
Interest-rate swaps are concluded to achieve the target structure for Bayer Group debt. A
sensitivity analysis conducted on the basis of our net floating-rate receivables and payables
position at the end of 2019 gave the following result: A hypothetical increase of one percentage
point in these interest rates (assuming constant currency exchange rates) as of January 1, 2019,
would have raised our interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2019, by €62 million
(December 31, 2018: €69 million).

Commodity price opportunities and risks for the Bayer Group result from the volatility of raw
material prices, which can lead to an increase in the prices we pay for seeds and energy. The
commodity price risk is reduced by the use of commodity price derivatives such as futures, which
are mainly designated as hedge accounting. A sensitivity analysis with a 10% change in
commodity prices would have an effect of €40 million on equity (December 31, 2018: €30 million).

The volatility of our current and future shareholdings in other companies also gives rise to further
opportunities and risks.

Financial risks associated with pension obligations

The Bayer Group has obligations to current and former employees related to pensions and other
post-employment benefits. Changes in relevant measurement parameters such as interest rates,
mortality and salary increase rates may raise the present value of our pension obligations. This
may lead to increased costs for pension plans or diminish equity due to actuarial losses being
recognized in other comprehensive income in the statement of comprehensive income. A large
proportion of our pension and other post-employment benefit obligations is covered by plan
assets including fixed-income securities, shares, real estate and other investments. Declining or
even negative returns on these investments may adversely affect the future fair value of plan
assets. Both of these effects may negatively impact the development of equity and/or earnings
and/or may necessitate additional payments by our company. We address the risk of market-
related fluctuations in the fair value of our plan assets through balanced strategic investment, and
we constantly monitor investment risks in regard to our global pension obligations.

Tax risks

Bayer AG and its subsidiaries operate worldwide and are thus subject to many different national
tax laws and regulations. Bayer Group companies are regularly audited by the tax authorities in
various countries. Amendments to tax laws and regulations, legal judgments and their
interpretation by the tax authorities, and the findings of tax audits in these countries may result in
higher tax expense and payments, thus also influencing the level of tax receivables, tax liabilities
and deferred tax assets and liabilities. Significant acquisitions, divestments, restructuring
programs and other reorganizational measures undertaken by Bayer could also have an impact.
We counter the resulting risks by continuously identifying and evaluating the tax framework. The
Bayer Group establishes provisions for taxes, based on estimates, for liabilities to the tax
authorities of the respective countries that are uncertain as to their amount and the probability of
their occurrence. It cannot be ruled out that these provisions are insufficient to cover all the risks.

[*
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report / 98

External partner compliance (Medium: Group)

From the perspective of the Bayer Group as a whole, there is a risk that our partners, such as
suppliers, do not give due attention to our corporate values and ethical, compliance and
sustainability requirements.

Clear sustainability criteria and standards are in place for our supply chain on both a global and
regional level. With the goal of improving sustainable practices in our supply chain, we operate a
Group-wide four-stage management process that comprises the following elements: raising
awareness, supplier selection, supplier evaluation and supplier development. The suppliers of the
acquired agriculture business were included in this four-stage management process with the
exception of seed producers, which are subject to a separate human rights evaluation process.

Health, safety and environment (Medium: Group)

We attach great importance not only to product safety but also to protecting our employees and
the environment. Misconduct or noncompliance with legal requirements or Bayer Group
standards, including those safeguarding the rights to genetic resources, may result in personal
injury, property, reputational or environmental damage, loss of production, business interruptions
and/or liability for compensation payments. This includes the risk of hazardous substances being
released due to an incident in production. Our principles, standards and measures ensure that our
requirements are adequately communicated and optimally implemented.

Intellectual property (Medium: Crop Science, Pharmaceuticals)

Our portfolio largely consists of patent-protected products. Generic manufacturers, in particular,
attempt to contest patents prior to their expiration. We are currently involved in legal proceedings
to enforce patent protection for our products. On the other hand, legal action by third parties for
alleged infringement of patent or other property rights by Bayer may impede or even halt the
development or manufacturing of certain products. We may also be required to pay monetary
damages or royalties to third parties. Our patents department regularly reviews the patent
situation in collaboration with the respective operating units and monitors for potential patent
infringements so that legal action can be taken if necessary.

Legal /compliance (Group)

We are exposed to risks from legal disputes or proceedings to which we are currently a party or
which could arise in the future. The general risks to which we are potentially exposed include
those in the areas of product liability, competition and antitrust law, anticorruption law, patent law,
tax law, data privacy and environmental protection. Investigations of possible legal or regulatory
violations may result in the imposition of civil or criminal penalties — including substantial monetary
fines — and/or other adverse financial consequences. Payments may also need to be made under
out-of-court settlements. These risks may harm our reputation and hamper our commercial
success. We have established a global compliance management system to ensure the
observance of laws and regulations.

The glyphosate matter

As of February 6, 2020, lawsuits from approximately 48,600 plaintiffs claiming to have been
exposed to glyphosate-based products manufactured by Bayer’s subsidiary Monsanto had been
served upon Monsanto in the United States. Glyphosate is the active ingredient contained in a
number of Monsanto’s herbicides, including Roundup™-branded products. Plaintiffs allege
personal injuries resulting from exposure to those products, including non-Hodgkin lymphoma
(NHL) and multiple myeloma, and seek compensatory and punitive damages. Plaintiffs claim, inter
alia, that the glyohosate-based herbicide products are defective and that Monsanto knew, or
should have known, of the risks allegedly associated with such products and failed to adequately
warn its users. Additional lawsuits are anticipated. The majority of plaintiffs have brought actions
in state courts in Missouri and California. Cases pending in U.S. federal courts have been
consolidated in an MDL in the Northern District of California for common pre-trial management.

24 See Note [30] to B Consolidated Financial Statements (Legal Risks). The legal proceedings outlined there are those currently
considered to involve material risks and do not represent an exhaustive list.

a)

See also A 1.5
Procurement

A

See also Note [30] to B
Consolidated Financial
Statements

A

See also A 1.6, A 4.2
and Note 30 to

B Consolidated Financial
Statements
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report / 99

The first three cases that went to trial before state courts and a federal court in California resulted
in jury verdicts in favor of the plaintiffs. Our post-trial motions subsequently filed with the trial
courts only resulted in a reduction of the damages and punitive damages awards, respectively.
We filed appeals in all three cases. In one of the appeals, the briefing is concluded and oral
argument will likely be scheduled in March or April 2020. In the two other appeals, the briefing is
still ongoing. We believe that the verdicts are not supported by the evidence at trial and the law
and therefore intend to pursue the appeals vigorously. A number of trials that were originally
scheduled to begin in 2019 and early 2020 have been continued. This continuance is intended to
provide room for the parties to continue the court-ordered mediation process in good faith and
explore whether a settlement can be reached on reasonable terms that includes a process to
bring reasonable resolution to the overall litigation. The next trial is scheduled to begin in late
March 2020 in Missouri state court.

As of February 6, 2020, 11 Canadian lawsuits relating to Roundup™ seeking class action
certification had been served upon Bayer.

Bayer believes it has meritorious defenses and intends to defend the safety of glyphosate and our
glyphosate-based formulations vigorously.

We may incur considerable financial disadvantages from the pending lawsuits and/or potential
future cases if, for example, we are ordered to pay compensatory and possibly punitive damages
or if we assume payment obligations under out-of-court settlements. We could be compelled to
cover any such increased financial requirements by issuing additional external debt, increasing our
equity capital or divesting assets — possibly on unfavorable terms — or through combinations of
these measures. The terms on which we obtain external financing could become less favorable as
a result of any increased financial requirements. These risks may also adversely affect our
reputation.

Product safety and stewardship (High: Crop Science; Medium: Pharmaceuticals)
Despite extensive studies prior to approval or registration, products may be partially or completely
withdrawn from the market due to the occurrence of unexpected side-effects or negative effects
of our products, for example. Such a withdrawal may be voluntary or result from legal or
regulatory measures. In the agriculture business particularly, there is an additional risk that our
customers could use our products incorrectly. Furthermore, the presence of traces of unwanted
genetically modified organisms in agricultural products and/or foodstuffs may have wide-ranging
negative repercussions.

We counter these risks, which could give rise to liability claims and also harm our reputation,
through comprehensive measures in the areas of pharmaceutical and crop protection product
safety and testing, including in particular a comprehensive stewardship program for genetic
product integrity and quality with regard to seeds. These measures are based on globally defined
principles and include analysis and monitoring measures, an alert system and training programs.

A

See also A 1.6
Product Stewardship
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report / 100

Quality and regulatory requirements (Medium: Crop Science, Pharmaceuticals,
Group)

In almost every country in which we operate, our business activity is subject to extensive
regulations, standards, requirements and inspections that also apply to our local contract
manufacturers. In the area of health, this pertains to clinical studies and production processes, for
example. Acquisitions may at times also be subject to requirements, compliance with which must
be ensured both during and after the integration process. Potential infringements of regulatory
requirements may result in the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, including substantial
monetary fines, restrictions on our freedom to operate, and/or other adverse financial
consequences. They could also harm Bayer’s reputation and lead to declining sales and/or
margins.

We counter these risks through binding principles, standards and the control mechanisms
implemented. Quality requirements are defined and implemented in global quality management
systems.

Security (Medium: Group)

Potential criminal activities targeting our employees, property or business activities represent a
risk for Bayer. These include intellectual property theft, vandalism and sabotage. In addition,
counterfeit or adulterated versions of our products could be put into circulation. There is also the
risk of crises such as a pandemic or a prolonged power outage that could lead to a breakdown
of our information technology infrastructure and our production.

We counter these risks — which in addition to financial effects could negatively affect our
reputation in some cases — through our local crisis organizations, which produce response plans
and other measures. We have implemented early warning systems, ensure continuous reporting
and carry out regular crisis simulation exercises. In addition, we have established a global safety
community. The Business Continuity Management unit within the Risk Management function
assesses business continuity risks and defines appropriate measures together with the
responsible specialist units.

3.2.3 Overall Assessment of Opportunities and Risks

by the Board of Management
In the opinion of the Board of Management, based on the current evaluations, none of the risks
described above endanger the company’s continued existence. Nor could we identify any risk
interdependencies that could combine to endanger the company’s continued existence. Our risk
status in connection with the lawsuits pending in the glyphosate matter increased during 2019 in
view of two jury verdicts issued against us, which were only partially altered by the courts of first
instance. Apart from this, we are not currently aware of any significant changes in our risk status
compared with the previous year. We remain convinced that we can take advantage of the
opportunities resulting from our entrepreneurial activity and successfully master the challenges
resulting from the risks stated above.

A

See also A 1.6

Ma)

See also A 1.7
Environmental Protection
and Safety

No risks that could
jeopardize the
company’s existence
Bayer Annual Report 2019

4.1 Declaration by Corporate Management Pursuant to Sections 289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code

4, Corporate Governance Report

Bayer conforms with all recommendations of the German Corporate
Governance Code

Special committee formed to oversee glyphosate litigations

The Corporate Governance Report of the Bayer Group conforms with the recommendations of
the German Corporate Governance Code and includes a Declaration by Corporate Management
pursuant to Sections 289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code as well as all the
information and explanations required by Section 289a through e and Section 315a through d of
the German Commercial Code. The contents of the Corporate Governance Report are also
included in the management report. The information contained in the Declaration by Corporate
Management is unaudited pursuant to Section 317, Paragraph 2, Sentence 6 of the German
Commercial Code.

4.1 Declaration by Corporate Management Pursuant
to Sections 289f and 315d of the German
Commercial Code

With the Declaration by Corporate Management pursuant to Sections 289f and 315d of

the German Commercial Code for Bayer AG and the Bayer Group, the company provides
information on the main elements of the Bayer Group’s corporate governance structures, relevant
corporate governance practices, the composition and procedures of the Board of Management,
the Supervisory Board and their committees, and the objectives and concepts that must be
established when composing the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board.

Declaration concerning the German Corporate Governance Code
pursuant to Section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act

In December 2019, the Board of Management and Supervisory Board of Bayer AG issued the
annual declaration concerning the German Corporate Governance Code. As stated in this
declaration, Bayer AG has fully complied with the recommendations of the German Corporate
Governance Code since its previous declaration and intends to fully comply with them in the future
as well.

Information on corporate governance practices

Bayer AG is subject to German stock corporation law and therefore has a dual governance
system consisting of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board, which manage the
company based on a transparent strategy that is geared toward its long-term success and
complies with applicable law and ethical standards.

Corporate governance practices that go beyond the legal requirements are derived from our vision
and our common values, which form the basis of the respectful working relationship between our
employees and with our external partners. Compliance with responsible practices at every stage
of the value chain is crucial in corporate governance. The main guidelines are summarized
primarily in our corporate policies on compliance, human rights, and fairness and respect at work,
as well as our Supplier Code of Conduct. The organization and oversight obligations of the Board
of Management and the Supervisory Board are mainly ensured by compliance management and
risk management systems.

A Combined Management Report

/ 101

a)

See also C
Governance Bodies

a)

See A 4.4 for information
on the compensation

of the Board of
Management

The declaration issued in
December 2019
concerning the German
Corporate Governance
Code is published on the
Bayer website along with
previous declarations:
www.bayer.com/en/corp
orate-governance.aspx

a)

See also A 1.1

)

www.bayer.com/en/
corporate-compliance-
policy.aspx

)

www.bayer.com/en/
supplier-code-of-
conduct.aspx
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 102
4.1 Declaration by Corporate Management Pursuant to Sections 289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code

Board of Management
Composition and objectives (diversity concept)

The Board of Management of Bayer AG comprised seven members in 2019. The Board of a)
Management runs the company on its own responsibility with the goal of achieving defined Members of the Board of
corporate objectives and sustainably increasing the company’s enterprise value. Management and offices

they hold: see C

. G Bodi
In the composition of the Board of Management, the Supervisory Board takes into account overnanee moanes

specialist expertise and personal aptitude, as well as aspects such as age, gender, education and
professional background. With regard to the proportion of women on the company’s Board of
Management, the Supervisory Board aims to ensure that there is at least one woman serving on
the Board of Management.

Another aspect relating to the composition of the Board of Management that the Supervisory
Board has resolved to pursue is diversity. Without basing selection decisions on this aspect in
individual cases, the Supervisory Board aims to ensure that different age groups are adequately
represented on the Board of Management, while also taking into account the experience required
for a position on the Board of Management. Irrespective of this, members of the Board of
Management should generally step down from that office when they turn 62. The composition of
the Board of Management should adequately reflect the company’s international operations.

The Supervisory Board therefore endeavors to include on the Board of Management several
members of different nationalities or with an international background (e.g. several years of career
experience outside Germany or the oversight of foreign business activities). The Supervisory
Board also strives to ensure diversity with regard to the educational and professional background
of the members of the Board of Management. In addition to the specific professional expertise,
management and leadership experience required for the given task, members of the Board of
Management should cover the broadest possible spectrum of knowledge, experience, and
educational and professional backgrounds.

These objectives are taken into account in the selection of candidates to fill open positions on the
Board of Management. With this concept for the composition of the Board of Management, the
Supervisory Board pursues the goal of ensuring not just the greatest possible individual suitability
of its various members, but also that as many different perspectives as possible are represented
in the leadership of the company through a balanced and diverse Board of Management structure
and that the candidate selection pool is as large as possible.

In accordance with the statutory requirements, furthermore, there are also targets pertaining
to the proportion of women at the first and second management levels below the Board of
Management. The Board of Management has set objectives of 20% women on the first
management level of Bayer AG and 25% women on the second management level. These
objectives are to be attained by June 30, 2022.

The size of the Board of Management of Bayer AG will be reduced from seven to five members
effective January 1, 2020.

Implementation status of the objectives

Currently there are no women on the Board of Management. We will continue to pursue our target the Board of

of having one woman on the Board of Management by June 30, 2022, or beforehand if at all Management should
possible. The goal of adequate representation of different age groups, while also taking into in the future return
account the experience required for Board of Management positions, was achieved. The ages of fo having ot east one
the members of the Board of Management were relatively evenly spread across a range of 50 to

63 years as of December 31, 2019. Three of the seven members of the Board of Management

are citizens of a country other than Germany. All members of the Board of Management have

amassed many years of career experience outside Germany. The members of the Board of

Management also have diverse educational and professional backgrounds: Some have completed

various business-related courses of study or training, while others have studied in various

scientific fields including medicine.

Bayer Annual Report 2019

4.1 Declaration by Corporate Management Pursuant to Sections 289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code

Procedure and committees

The Board of Management performs its tasks according to the law, the Articles of Incorporation
and the Board’s rules of procedure, and works with the company’s other governance bodies in a
spirit of trust.

Supervisory Board

Composition and objectives (diversity concept and expertise profile)

Under the German Codetermination Act, half of the Supervisory Board’s 20 members are elected
by the stockholders, and half by the company’s employees.

The Supervisory Board endeavors to ensure that its members collectively possess the necessary
expertise, skills and professional experience to properly perform their duties. This includes the
following areas: management and leadership of international companies, a business
understanding with regard to the company’s main areas of activity, research and development,
finance, controlling/risk management, human resources and governance/compliance.

The Supervisory Board has also resolved to pursue diversity in its composition, for instance with
regard to age, gender, education and professional background. With respect to the international
business alignment of Bayer AG, the Supervisory Board strives to ensure at all times that several
of its members have international business experience or an international background in other
respects. Further objectives concerning the composition of the Supervisory Board are that
different age groups be suitably represented on the Supervisory Board and that, absent special

circumstances, a member should not hold office beyond the end of the next Annual Stockholders’

Meeting following their 72nd birthday. With a view to avoiding potential conflicts of interest and
taking into account the ownership structure of the company and the number of independent
Supervisory Board members, the Supervisory Board has set itself the goal that more than half of
the stockholder representatives be independent. In addition, the Supervisory Board aims for at
least three quarters of its total membership (stockholder and employee representatives) to be

independent. The Supervisory Board assesses the independence of its members according to the

recommendation contained in Section 5.4.2 of the German Corporate Governance Code. In
assessing independence, the Supervisory Board also considers the criteria given in the
recommendation of the European Commission of February 15, 2005.%5 Finally, the Supervisory
Board has set a standard limit on the duration of any person’s membership of the Supervisory

Board in line with the recommendation in Section 5.4.1, Paragraph 2 of the Code. Absent special

circumstances, no person should remain a member of the Supervisory Board for more than three
full terms of office. For members of the Supervisory Board serving at the time the standard limit
was introduced (September 2015) who have already exceeded this limit or will exceed it by the
end of their current term of office, the limit will be applied with effect from the conclusion of their
current term of office.

The Nominations Committee and the full Supervisory Board take these objectives into
consideration when nominating candidates to fill open positions on the Supervisory Board. The
stated objectives refer to the Supervisory Board as a whole unless otherwise determined.
However, since the Supervisory Board can only nominate candidates for election as stockholder
representatives, it can only take the objectives into account in these nominations. One objective
for Supervisory Board elections is that neither women nor men account for less than 30% of the
membership.

The Supervisory Board aims to achieve a balanced and diverse composition, to the extent that it

can influence this. The aim is to ensure that oversight of the company’s management is based on

as many different perspectives as possible and that the candidate selection pool is as large as
possible.

25 Annex 2 to the recommendation of the European Commission of February 15, 2005, on the role of nonexecutive or supervisory
directors of listed companies and on the committees of the (supervisory) board (2005/162/EC)

A Combined Management Report

/ 103

)

For more information on
the procedure and
committees of the Board
of Management, see
www.bayer.com/en/corp
orate-governance.aspx

a)

Members of the
Supervisory Board and
offices they hold: see C
Further Information /
Governance Bodies

a)

Compensation of the
members of the
Supervisory Board:
see A 4.4.4
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report

4.1 Declaration by Corporate Management Pursuant to Sections 289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code

Implementation status of the objectives

The Supervisory Board has several members with international business experience or an
international background. The ages of the members of the Supervisory Board were relatively
evenly spread across a range of 49 to 73 years as of December 31, 2019. One Supervisory Board
member, Werner Wenning, has exceeded the standard age limit of 72. The Supervisory Board
has addressed this matter and, in view of the company being in a period of transition in several
respects, unanimously requested that Wenning remain in office beyond the 2019 Annual
Stockholders’ Meeting. Two members of the Supervisory Board were previously members of the
company’s Board of Management: Werner Wenning was Chairman of the Board of Management
until 2010, and Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Plischke was a member of the Board of Management until
2014. One member of the Supervisory Board, Dr. Paul Achleitner, has been a member of the
Supervisory Board for more than three terms of office. However, neither Werner Wenning nor
Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Plischke nor Dr. Paul Achleitner has any personal or business relationship with
the company or a governance body of the company that in the opinion of the Supervisory Board
gives rise to a material conflict of interest of a more than temporary nature.

There are no indications of any possible lack of independence in the case of the other Supervisory
Board members. This also applies to Prof. Norbert Winkeljohann, who was a partner in
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH and chairman of its management board until June 30, 2018.
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH was the auditor of the financial statements of Bayer AG until
2016 and works for Bayer AG and other Group companies in an advisory capacity. Norbert
Winkeljohann was never involved in audits of financial statements at Bayer. He fully ended his
service with all PricewaterhouseCoopers companies as of June 30, 2018, and no longer
participates in their success, not even through his pension plan. The Supervisory Board therefore
considers all of its members to be independent. The proportion of women on the Supervisory
Board is currently 35% for the full Supervisory Board, 30% for the employee representatives and
40% for the stockholder representatives. Five of the 20 members of the Supervisory Board are
citizens of a country other than Germany. Numerous other members have many years of
international business experience. The members of the Supervisory Board have also completed a
whole range of vocational training and study courses.

In the opinion of the Supervisory Board, the stockholder representatives have the following special
competencies and experience that should be represented to satisfy the objectives of the
Supervisory Board:

/ 104

A4.1/1
Expertise and Experience of Shareholder Representatives on the Supervisory Board
Interna- Control-
tional ling/ Gover-
Business Agricul- Risk nance/
Exper- ture/ Health- Manage- Com- Sustain-
ience R&D Food care Finance ment HR __ pliance Digital ability
Dr. Paul Achleitner Xx Xx Xx Xx Xx
Dr. Simone Bagel-Trah x x x x x
Dr. Norbert W. Bischofberger x x Xx
Ertharin Cousin Xx Xx Xx Xx Xx
Johanna W. (Hanneke) Faber x x x x Xx x
Colleen A. Goggins x Xx x
Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Plischke x x x Xx x
Werner Wenning (Chairman) x x Xx x x x x
Prof. Dr. Otmar D. Wiestler Xx Xx Xx
Prof. Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann x x x x x Xx

Bayer Annual Report 2019

Procedure and committees

The role of the Supervisory Board is to oversee and advise the Board of Management. The
Supervisory Board is directly involved in decisions on matters of fundamental importance to the
company, regularly conferring with the Board of Management on the company’s strategic
alignment and the implementation status of the business strategy. The Report of the Supervisory
Board in this Annual Report provides details about the work of the Supervisory Board and its
committees. In 2019, the Supervisory Board established a special committee to address the
glyphosate litigations.

The Supervisory Board regularly assesses the efficiency of its work. The most recent assessment
was conducted in 2018 with the support of an external consultant. The findings of this
assessment and the recommendations derived from it were addressed in detail by the Supervisory
Board in 2019.

Further information

Securities transactions by members of governance bodies

Members of the Board of Management or Supervisory Board and persons with whom they have
close relationships are legally obligated to report own-account transactions in shares or debt
securities of Bayer AG, associated derivatives or other associated financial instruments to
Bayer AG and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) as soon as the total
volume of transactions made by a member of the Board of Management or Supervisory Board,
or a person with whom they have a close relationship, within a calendar year has reached the
€5,000 threshold. The transactions reported to Bayer AG in 2019 were duly published and can
be viewed on the company’s website.

4.2 Compliance

We define compliance as legally and ethically impeccable conduct by all employees in their daily
work, because the way they carry out their duties affects our company’s reputation. We do not
tolerate any violation of laws, codes of conduct or internal regulations. Compliance is essential for
our long-term economic success.

The following compliance principles apply throughout the Bayer Group:

// \Ne compete fairly in every market.

// We act with integrity in all our business dealings.

// \Ne balance economic growth with ecological and social responsibility.
// \Ne observe trade controls that regulate our global business.

// \Ne safeguard equal opportunity in securities trading.

// \Ne keep accurate books and records.

// \Ne treat each other with fairness and respect.

// \Ne protect and respect intellectual property rights.

// \Ne act in Bayer’s best interest.

// \Ne protect and secure personal data.

All employees are required to observe the compliance principles and to immediately report any
violation of the Corporate Compliance Policy. Infringements are sanctioned. This applies in
particular to managerial employees, who, for example, may lose their entitlement to variable
compensation components and be subject to further disciplinary measures if violations have
occurred in their sphere of responsibility. Compliant and lawful conduct also factors into the
performance evaluations of all managerial employees.

The global compliance management system is steered by a central compliance organization within
the Bayer Group that reports to the Chairman of the Board of Management and to the Audit
Committee of the Supervisory Board.

A Combined Management Report

/ 105

4.2 Compliance

a

See the Report of

the Supervisory Board
for information on

the committees’
responsibilities

6)

www.bayer.com/en/
disclosure-of-securities-
transactions.aspx

6)

www.bayer.com/
compliance
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 106
4.2 Compliance

Potential compliance risks are identified together with the operational units to ensure the
systematic and preventive detection and assessment of risks. Potential risks are then entered
into a global compliance risk management database that we use to develop suitable measures
for specific processes, business activities or countries, for example. In addition, we assess our
business partners according to risk criteria as we look to identify potential compliance risks.
Adherence to the corporate compliance principles is among the subjects covered in audits
conducted by Bayer’s Internal Audit and in the analyses and investigations by the legal and
compliance organization. The heads of these organizations provide regular reports on the findings
of the audits and analyses to the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board, while summary
reports are presented at least once a year.

Handling of suspected and actual compliance violations

Suspected compliance violations can be reported — anonymously if desired and if permitted by
respective national law — to a central, worldwide compliance hotline that is also accessible to the
general public. In 2019, the compliance organization received a total of 372 reports in this way.
Alternatively, suspected violations may also be reported to the respective compliance functions or
to Internal Audit.

Compliance violations are systematically sanctioned. The action taken depends on factors
including the gravity of the compliance violation and applicable law.

Compliance training and communications activities

We support all employees in acting with integrity and proactively avoiding potential violations by
implementing Bayer-wide training measures and communication campaigns that are tailored to
target groups and based on identified needs. Both supervisors and compliance managers can
answer employees’ questions about lawful and ethical behavior.

In 2019, 95% of Bayer’s managerial employees worldwide completed at least one compliance
training program. Overall, 66% of employees (excluding the acquired agriculture business) took
part in a web-based training program.

Training measures on product-related communication, antitrust law, data protection and anti-
corruption are fundamental elements of our compliance management system.

Marketing compliance
We do not tolerate bribery or any other form of improper exertion of influence on our business
partners.

The most important internal Bayer corporate policy in this context is our Anti-Corruption Policy, 6
which is supplemented by the rules of conduct established in our corporate policy entitled www.bayer.com/
“Responsible Marketing & Sales.” Bayer has also put in place directives and corporate policies responsible-marketing

that are designed to prevent price fixing and ensure data protection. Various industry codes such
as those of the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations and the
European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA) also apply in
marketing and distribution.

Crop Science’s Product Stewardship Commitment applies to all products, services and
technologies and is in alignment with the International Code of Conduct on Pesticide Management
issued by the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the United Nations and the Code of
Conduct on Plant Biotechnology issued by CropLife International, for example.

The WHO Ethical Criteria for Medicinal Drug Promotion, together with national ethical standards,
represent the minimum global standards for the advertising of human pharmaceutical products at
Bayer.

Based on the EFPIA transparency code and the corresponding local interpretations,
Pharmaceuticals annually discloses any payments and other remunerations made to health care
professionals and organizations for the preceding calendar year.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 107
4.3 Disclosures Pursuant to Sections 289b Through e and 315b and c of the German Commercial Code (HGB)

Lobbying

Forming part of our commitment to ensuring transparent lobbying, our corporate policy entitled 6

“Code of Conduct for Responsible Lobbying” sets out binding rules for our involvement in political www.bayer.com/code-
matters and creates transparency in our interactions with the representatives of political of-conduct-lobbying
institutions.

As set out in this corporate policy, Bayer as a company did not make any donations to political
parties, politicians or candidates for political office in 2019. This does not include political
donations in the United States, which permits Bayer to make donations in support of candidates
and elections at the state level. Such donations are subject to stringent conditions and mandatory
transparency measures that include a publicly accessible list documenting donations made at
state level.

In 2019, Bayer also decided to launch the Bayer Societal Engagement (BASE) principles. Afforded
the status of a corporate policy, these principles serve to codify Bayer’s standards and values to
an even greater degree.

4.3 Disclosures Pursuant to Sections 289b
Through e and 315b and c of the German
Commercial Code (HGB)

The Bayer Group meets the requirements for the nonfinancial statement pursuant to Sections 289
b through e and 315 b and c of the German Commercial Code (HGB). The relevant disclosures
pertaining to the nonfinancial statement in accordance with the Corporate Social Responsibility
Directive Implementation Act (CSR-RUG) are integrated into the management report, with the GRI
standards (Section 289d HGB) serving as a framework.

The Supervisory Board fulfilled its auditing duty for the nonfinancial statement pursuant to
Section 170, Paragraph 1 and Section 171, Paragraph 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG).

A 4.3/1

Index to Nonfinancial Statement

Subject area Chapter
Business model AltA Corporate Profile and Structure
Aspects
Environmental aspects A 1.2.1. Strategy and Targets
A1.5 Procurement and Supplier Management
A1.6 Product Stewardship
A1.7 Environmental Protection and Safety
Employee-related aspects A 1.2.2 Sustainability Managemen
A1.5 Procurement and Supplier Management
A1.4 Commitment to Employees
A1.7 Environmental Protection and Safety
Social aspects A 1.2.2 Sustainability Managemen
A1.6 Product Stewardship
A1.7 Environmental Protection and Safety
Instruments for combating A 1.2.2 Sustainability Managemen
corruption and bribery A1.5 Procurement and Supplier Management
A 4.2 Compliance
Respect for human rights A 1.2.2 Sustainability Managemen
A1.4 Commitment to Employees
A1.5 Procurement and Supplier Management
Material risks A8.2.2 Opportunity and Risk Status
Diversity concept A1.4 Commitment to Employees
A4A Declaration by Corporate Management

Bayer Annual Report 2019

4.4 Compensation Report

4.4 Compensation Report

The Compensation Report describes the essential features of the compensation packages for the
members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG and explains the
compensation the individual members were granted or received for the 2019 fiscal year. The
report complies with the requirements of the applicable financial reporting standards for publicly
traded companies (German Commercial Code [HGB], German Accounting Standards [DRS] and
the International Financial Reporting Standards [IFRS]) as well as with the recommendations
contained in the current versions of the German Corporate Governance Code and the guidelines
for the sustainable compensation of management board members. In addition, the Compensation
Report already largely takes into account the requirements resulting from the law, dated
December 12, 2019, to transpose the European Shareholder Rights Directive Il (SRD II) into
German law (ARUG Il).

4.4.1 Compensation of the Board of Management

Objective

The compensation system for the Board of Management of Bayer AG applies in the version
approved by a large majority (81.1%) at the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting on April 29, 2016. It is
aligned to the corporate strategy and geared toward performance-driven, sustainable corporate
governance and an appropriate compensation structure and level. The compensation system for

the Board of Management largely corresponds to the system applying to all managerial employees

not covered by collective bargaining agreements.

Key elements in Board of Management compensation include not only the absolute amount and
appropriate and clear limits, but also a balanced mix of fixed income and short- and long-term
variable compensation components. In accordance with the recommendations of the German

Corporate Governance Code and the guidelines for the sustainable compensation of management

board members, the variable portion of target compensation at Bayer has a predominantly long-
term character. The fixed compensation accounts for 28.6%, the annual bonus also for 28.6%
and the long-term stock-based cash compensation for 42.8% of the target compensation (fixed
compensation plus variable cash compensation components).

The compensation of the Board of Management is reviewed each year and is usually increased in
line with the consumer price index for Germany. If the Supervisory Board considers an additional
adjustment necessary, the Human Resources Committee discusses the matter in detail with

the aid of background information and prepares a corresponding resolution proposal for the
Supervisory Board. The benchmark for the compensation review, for which an external
independent expert is consulted, is the DAX 30 companies excluding financial services

companies. All of the assessment criteria recommended in Section 4.2.2 of the German Corporate

Governance Code are taken into account. The full Supervisory Board then resolves on the
proposed adjustment.

A Combined Management Report

/ 108

The Guidelines for
Sustainable
Management Board
Remuneration Systems
were developed by
supervisory board
chairpersons, investor
representatives,
scientists and corporate
governance experts
Bayer Annual Report 2019

A Combined Management Report
4.4 Compensation Report

/ 109

An overview of the compensation system for the Board of Management is given below:

A 4.4.1/1

Board of Management Compensation Policy for 2019

Fixed annual
compensation

Objective

Compensation in line with
market rates

Basis of calculation

The level of fixed annual compensation reflects a person’s role on the Board of
Management, their experience, the scope of responsibility to be exercised and
market conditions.

Fringe benefits

Reimbursement of costs that
arise in connection with, or
facilitate, service on the Board
of Management

Fringe benefits include a company car with driver, the costs of health screening
examinations, various types of insurance, and private home security installations.
They also include indemnity payments to new members of the Board of Management
for variable compensation components granted to them by former employers that
lapse due to their joining Bayer.

Short-term variable
cash compensation
(Short-term incentive
[STI]) = annual bonus

Attainment of short-term
corporate targets

Target attainment in relation to the following compensation components, each of
which accounts for one-third of the performance assessment:

1. Group component: core earnings per share

2. Divisional component: 30% qualitative and 70% quantitative targets (currency-
and portfolio-adjusted sales growth and EBITDA margin before special items of
the divisions, plus cash flow performance for Crop Science)

3. Individual component: individual targets and team targets

Discretionary power of
the Supervisory Board
in setting the annual
bonus

Ensuring the relative fairness
of bonuses for the individual
members of the Board of
Management

The Supervisory Board assesses the personal performance of the members of the
Board of Management based on their attainment of the annual targets agreed with
them. Personal performance accounts for one-third of the target annual bonus. The
Supervisory Board also assesses target attainment for the qualitative element of the
divisional component.

Malus and clawback

Ensuring appropriate
compensation

If a Board of Management member commits a breach of duty that results in financial
loss, there is a legal basis for reducing payments or demanding their return.

Long-term four-year
stock-based cash
compensation Aspire
2.0 (long-term
incentive [LTI])

Supporting a sustained
increase in corporate value

Virtual, stock-based compensation program: The LTI payout after four years is
based on the LTI target value, which is then adjusted to reflect the development of
Bayer's share price and its performance relative to the EURO STOXX 50 along with
dividends paid in the meantime on the virtually acquired number of shares (total
shareholder return approach). Payments are made automatically after four years in
the month after the tranche expires.

Payment limits (caps)

Avoiding inappropriately high
payments

Caps apply to both variable compensation components.

STI:
Target value = 100% of fixed annual compensation
Cap = 200% of the target value

LTI:

Target value = 150% of fixed annual compensation multiplied by the personal STI
payment factor for the previous fiscal year

Cap = 250% of the target value

In addition, the total cash compensation (fixed annual compensation + STI + LTl)
received by each member of the Board of Management is capped on an individual
basis. The caps amount to €10.0 million for Werner Baumann, €6.0 million for Liam
Condon, €5.5 million for Stefan Oelrich and €5.0 million for each of the other
members.

Share ownership
guidelines

Promotion of sustainable
corporate development and
identification with the
company

At the end of a four-year position-building period, members of the Board of
Management are contractually obligated to purchase Bayer shares equating to one-
half of the LTI target value (75% of fixed annual compensation) and to retain these
shares for the duration of their subsequent service on the Board of Management.

Retirement and
surviving dependents’
pensions

Provision of contributions to
provide an adequate pension

Company contributions of currently 8% to Bayer-Pensionskasse or 2% to Rheinische
Pensionskasse are made on fixed annual compensation up to the ceiling for
statutory pension contributions in Germany. Company contributions of 42% of the
amount by which the respective fixed compensation exceeds that ceiling are also
granted provided that Board of Management members make a personal contribution
of 9%. These amounts are converted into pension entitlements. Benefits accrue from
he sum total of the pension entitlements.

Contract termination

Avoiding inappropriately high
payments

f the company early terminates a Board of Management member’s contract,
severance payments will be capped at two years' annual compensation (severance
cap) but shall not exceed the compensation for the remainder of the original contract
erm. This does not apply in the case of a termination for cause.

Change of control

Ensuring independence in
acquisition situations

ndemnity payments amounting to 250% of fixed annual compensation, capped as
per the German Corporate Governance Code at the lower of (i) three years’
compensation or (ii) the compensation for the remainder of the contract term

Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report

4.4 Compensation Report

Performance-related components

Short-term variable cash compensation

The short-term variable cash compensation (STI) is based on a contractually agreed target rate of
100% of fixed annual compensation. The level of the STI payout is determined by the target
attainment for three subcomponents — the Group component, the divisional component and the
individual performance component — each of which is given a one-third weighting in the
performance evaluation. The performance evaluation takes into account both positive and
negative developments.

// The Group component is based on the core earnings per share of the Group and is capped at
200%.

// The divisional component is incentivized based on the average performance of the divisions.
For the members of the Board of Management with functional responsibility, this component is
calculated using the following weighting: Crop Science including Animal Health 45% (of which
Crop Science accounts for 95% and Animal Health for 5%), Pharmaceuticals 45% and
Consumer Health 10%. For the Board members with divisional responsibility, however, this
one-third of the STI is incentivized entirely on the basis of the respective division’s earnings.
The assessment of divisional performance comprises a 70% component linked to the
attainment of financial targets, measured in terms of the EBITDA margin before special items
and divisional sales growth on a currency- and portfolio-adjusted basis (Fx & portfolio adj.). For
Crop Science, cash flow performance is also taken into account using a correction factor that
may increase or reduce the quantitative target attainment by up to 50%. Target attainment is
determined by setting the cash flow from operating activities (taking one-time effects into
account) against a reference value based on internal planning. The remaining 30% component
of divisional performance is based on the attainment of qualitative targets in areas such as
innovative progress, safety, compliance and sustainability. The qualitative components can also
be used as a correction factor at the reasonable discretion of the Supervisory Board. The
divisional component is capped at 300%.

// The target attainment criteria for the individual performance component are based on the duties
and resulting personal targets of the respective member of the Board of Management, as well
as on his or her individual contribution to the attainment of the Group targets. The individual
targets for the members of the Board of Management are determined annually by the
Supervisory Board, which also assesses their attainment. The individual performance
component is capped at 200%.

The entire amount of the STI is paid out in the second quarter of the following year.

A4.4.1/2

Short-Term Variable Cash Compensation Components (STI)

Group component Divisional component Individual component

|

1/3 of STI target value 1/3 of STI target value 1/3 of STI target value
Based on Group target Based on the attainment of Based on individual
attainment (core EPS) financial (70%) and qualitative performance and individual
(30%) targets by the divisions contribution to attainment of
team targets
Board members with functional responsibility Board members with divisional responsibility

Average performance of the divisions Performance of the respective division

Pharmaceuticals (45%), Consumer Health (10%) (100%; weighting for Crop Science is 95% Crop

and Crop Science incl. Animal Health (45%) Science and 5% Animal Health)

For fiscal 2019, the core EPS target for the Group component was originally set at €6.80 when
the targets were originally established at the start of the year. However, this target also took into

/ 110
Bayer Annual Report 2019

4.4 Compensation Report

account the earnings contributions from Animal Health and the Currenta Group, the divestment of
which was agreed during the year. Taking into account these earnings contributions reported
under discontinued operations — reduced by the depreciation amount which, under IFRS 5, was
no longer recognized on assets held for sale but had been included in the original planning — the
core EPS target to ensure comparability in determining target attainment was €6.77 per share.
This corresponds to a target attainment level of 96.6%. The performance evaluation corridor set
for 2019 was between €5.80 (payout from this component = 0) and €7.30 (200% payout = cap).

A Combined Management Report

For the quantitative performance evaluation for the divisional component, sales growth (Fx &
portfolio adj.) and the EBITDA margin before special items are considered in a two-dimensional
matrix. Awards above 100% of the target value can occur, for example, if one performance target
is met and the other is exceeded, or if both performance targets are exceeded.

/ 111

A 4.4.1/3

STI Payment Matrix' 2019

EBITDA margin before special items

< Target Target > Target
value value value
CS 23.8% 24.8% 25.8%
PH —- 32.3% 33.3% 34.3%
CH 19.2% 20.2% 21.2%
AH 21.8% 22.8% 23.8%
cs PH CH AH
< Target 0.7% 1.6%  — -1.8% 1.4% 0% 50% 100%
Sales
wean Target 3.2% 4.1% 0.7% 3.9% 50% 100% 150%
adj.)?
> Target 5.7% 6.6% 3.2% 6.4% 100% 150% 200%

Fx & p. adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted
' Financial targets for the respective division (70% weighting)

? Currency-adjusted pro-forma sales growth is used at Crop Science in view of the agriculture business acquired in 2018.

For fiscal 2019, the following target values for sales growth and the EBITDA margin before special

items were budgeted and achieved, respectively, for the divisions.76

Crop Science
// Pro-forma sales growth vs. 2018 (Fx adj.):
// EBITDA margin before special items:

Target value:
Target value: 24.8% /Attainment: 24.2%

3.2% /Attainment: minus 1.4%

// The target value for the cash flow from operating activities was €2 billion. The positive cash
flow performance led to a 25% increase in target attainment.

Pharmaceuticals

// Sales growth vs. 2018 (Fx & portfolio aqj.): Target value: 4.1%/Attainment: 5.6%
// EBITDA margin before special items: Target value: 33.3% / Attainment: 33.3%
Consumer Health

// Sales growth vs. 2018 (Fx & portfolio aqj.): Target value: 0.7%/Attainment: 2.1%?"
// EBITDA margin before special items Target value: 20.2% /Attainment: 20.0%
Animal Health

// Sales growth vs. 2018 (Fx & portfolio aqj.): Target value: 3.9%/Attainment: 2.1%
// EBITDA margin before special items: Target value: 22.8% /Attainment: 24.0%

°6 The following attainment levels were calculated based on figures that have not been rounded.
°7 Increase in sales after currency and portfolio effects adjusted by minus 0.5 percentage points due to growth in Argentina being

driven by hyperinflation

a)

See A 2.2.2 and A 2.3
for information on
pro-forma sales
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report

4.4 Compensation Report

The quantitative and qualitative elements that make up the divisional component for 2019 resulted
in the following overall target attainment levels:

// Crop Science: 53.5%
// Pharmaceuticals: 129.9%
// Consumer Health: 118.7%
// Animal Health: 119.1%

This led to a 95.9% target attainment for Board of Management members with functional
responsibility.

In accordance with a resolution of the Human Resources Committee and the Supervisory Board,
all members of the Board of Management receive individual targets that are tailored to their
respective areas of responsibility. Target attainment is individually evaluated following the end of
the fiscal year. The following table provides an overview of the subject areas taken into account
for the individual performance targets agreed upon.

A 4.4.1/4
Individual Targets Agreed 2019
Board of Management member Topic areas for individual targets
Werner Baumann Driving forward integration of Monsanto, operationalizing Bayer 2022

project, defending glyphosate litigation, divestment of Animal Health,
Currenta, Dr. Scholl’s and Coppertone

Dr. Hartmut Klusik Attracting and developing talented employees, quality assurance, safety
in production, sustainability and social responsibility strategy

Wolfgang Nickl Driving the Bayer 2022 project, realizing Monsanto synergies,
divestment of Animal Health, Currenta, Dr. Scholl’s and Coppertone,
continued refinement of equity story

Kemal Malik Strengthening research, innovation and Leaps by Bayer

Liam Condon Driving forward integration of Monsanto, business continuity at Crop
Science, digital transformation at Crop Science and Bayer in general,
sustainability and social responsibility strategy

Heiko Schipper Advancing quality of brand strategies, strengthening Consumer Health
innovation pipeline, divestment of prescription dermatology business,
Dr. Scholl’s and Coppertone

Stefan Oelrich Refining the Pharmaceuticals strategy (strengthening research and the
product pipeline, inlicensing, key markets, digital transformation),
quality assurance, strengthening our gene therapy activities

In addition, team targets are agreed to reflect the collective responsibility of the members of the
Board of Management as a governance body. The team targets are based on the Group targets
set by the Board of Management for 2019 and approved by the Supervisory Board. The following
table provides an overview of the subject areas taken into account.

/ 112
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
4.4 Compensation Report

A 4.4.1/5
Team Targets 2019
Subject area Targets
Alignment against growth markets // Achieve successful integration within the Crop Science Division

// Drive organic growth by further focusing activities on ‘must-wins’
anchored in the divisional strategies

// Drive value-creating external growth opportunities, with particular
emphasis on inlicensing at Pharmaceuticals

Innovation powered by science // Drive pipeline progress in the divisions and advance the
ransformation of the innovation model

// Drive breakthrough innovation through Leaps by Bayer

// Drive digital transformation in the divisions and functions and
advance development of disruptive business models

Excellence in execution // Drive production reliability to deliver planned quantities at agreed
service levels

// Regain investor confidence by delivering business performance
hat meets expectations and by driving efficiency programs at the
divisions

// Develop and execute transformation plan in platform functions as
part of Bayer 2022

Commitment to people and sustainability // Elevate digital capabilities to support divisional and functional
strategies

// Attract and engage the best talents by modernizing our employer
proposition, cultivating an agile culture, enhancing our leadership
and developing our people and their capabilities in line with our
defined behaviors to prepare for a digital future

// Develop and activate a comprehensive sustainability strategy
addressing the direct impact of Bayer and our broader contribution
to the ecosystem

// Develop and activate a comprehensive reputation management
strategy

The attainment of the individual targets and the team targets is assessed by the Human
Resources Committee and the Supervisory Board following the end of the fiscal year. It amounted
to between 100% and 135% for the individual members of the Board of Management.

Long-term stock-based cash compensation (LTI)

Members of the Board of Management are eligible to participate in the annual tranches of the
long-term stock-based compensation program Aspire on condition that they purchase a certain
number of Bayer shares — determined for each individual according to specific guidelines — as a
personal investment and hold them for as long as they continue in the service of the Bayer Group.

The LTI target values for the Aspire 2.0 tranches issued each year since 2016 are generally based
on acontractually agreed target rate of 150% of fixed annual compensation. The starting value is
also multiplied by the individual STI payment factor for the Board member concerned for the year
prior to the issuance of the respective tranche.

LTI target value = 150% » fixed annual compensation * STI payment factor prior to issuance of the tranche

The LTI payout after four years is based on the LT! target value, with is then adjusted to reflect the
development of Bayer’s share price and its performance relative to the EURO STOXX 50 along
with the dividends paid in the meantime based on the virtually acquired number of shares (total
stockholder return approach):

average share price on the last 30 trading
days prior to expiration of the tranche performance relative total dividend
to EURO STOXX 50 * equivalents

LTI payout = LTI target value *
average share price on the last 30 trading
days prior to issuance of the tranche

/ 113
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 114
4.4 Compensation Report

For the Board of Management, an additional performance measure has been included in the form
of the comparison with the EURO STOXX 50. This increases or decreases the payout by the
percentage of overperformance or underperformance, respectively, but by no more than 50%
either way.

The payments made under the tranches of the Aspire program issued in the years up to 2015 6)

continued to be based until their expiration on the Aspire Target Opportunity, which is a The payout/performance
contractually agreed percentage of fixed annual compensation. Depending on the performance of matrix according
Bayer stock, both in absolute terms and relative to the EURO STOXX 50 benchmark index, to the absolute and

oe . ren . relative development
9 9
participants are granted an award of between 0% and a maximum 300% of their individual Aspire of Bayer’s share price

Target Opportunity at the end of the respective performance periods. is explained at
www.investor.bayer.de/
The following table provides an overview of the 2015 and 2016 Aspire tranches, including the en/stock/stock-

starting and final prices/values for Bayer stock and the EURO STOXX 50 - which are the average programs/aspire/.

prices/values on the 30 trading days preceding the respective reference date — and the
percentage payouts.

A4.4.1/6

Aspire Target Attainment
2015 2016
Tranche’ Tranche
Bayer stock starting price €113.82 €117.27
Bayer stock final price €63.08 €69.95
EURO STOXxX 50 starting value 3,162.29 3,346.47
EURO STOXX 50 final value 3,094.29 3,709.77
Percentage payout 0.0% 38.9%

‘Tranche of the Aspire program that applied until 2015

If a member of the Board of Management enters retirement during the year or steps down from
the Board of Management during the year due to the nonextension of their service contract by
mutual agreement or by the company’s decision, the Aspire tranche granted for that year is
reduced on a prorated basis according to the duration of the member’s active service on the
Board of Management during this first year of the tranche. In this case, tranches granted for
previous years remain in effect without any changes.

Pension entitlements (retirement and surviving dependents’ pensions)

The annual pension entitlement for members of the Board of Management is based on
contributions. Each member of the Board of Management is a member of one of the two
corporate pension funds. Bayer makes company contributions to complement the personal
contributions of 2%. The company contributions are currently set at 8% to Bayer-Pensionskasse
or 2% to Rheinische Pensionskasse on fixed annual compensation up to the ceiling for statutory
pension contributions in Germany. In addition, Bayer provides a hypothetical annual contribution
equal to 42% of the amount by which the respective fixed compensation exceeds that ceiling.
This percentage is comprised of a basic contribution of 6% and a matching contribution of 36%,
which is four times the member’s personal contribution of 9%. The total annual contribution is
converted into a pension entitlement according to the annuity table for the applicable tariff of the
Rheinische Pensionskasse VVaG pension fund. The annual pension entitlement upon retirement is
the total amount of the accumulated pension entitlements including any investment bonus, the
amount of which is determined annually based on the net return on the assets of the Rheinische
Pensionskasse VVaG minus the minimum return on the contributions that is guaranteed under the
tariff and approved by the German Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). Future pension
payments are annually reviewed and adjusted in line with the respective entitlements.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 115
4.4 Compensation Report

Furthermore, additional arrangements are in place for the following members of the Board of
Management:

// \Nerner Baumann has been granted a vested entitlement to an annual pension of €200
thousand starting on his 60th birthday. This is subject to a prorated reduction in the event that
his term of office ends prior to his 60th birthday under certain conditions.

// Kemal Malik was granted a vested entitlement to an annual pension of €80 thousand starting
on his 65th birthday. This was proportionately reduced because his term of office ended prior
to his 65th birthday.

// \In view of his split contract, Heiko Schipper participates in pension plans in Germany (30%) —
for his service on the Board of Management of Bayer AG — and in Switzerland (70%) — under
his contract as head of Consumer Health at BCC AG in Basel - on a prorated basis.

Mr. Schippers’ pension entitlement in Switzerland is from a defined benefit plan in which
contributions accumulate in an account and are then disbursed as a retirement annuity.

Certain assets are administered by Bayer Pension Trust e.V. under a contractual trust
arrangement (CTA) to cover pension entitlements resulting from direct commitments in Germany.
This provides substantial additional security - beyond the benefits from the Pension Insurance
Association — for the respective pension entitlements of the members of the Board of
Management in Germany.

Benefits upon termination of service on the Board of Management

When a service contract of a Board of Management member terminates (by expiration or ha)
nonextension), all previously obligatory payments for fixed compensation, the annual bonus (STI), See the section Long-
the company pension plan and all fringe benefits cease. Long-term variable compensation (LT), term stock-based cash

meanwhile, is only paid out once the respective four-year tranche has expired, although the compensation (LT!)

entitlements are earned during the regular contract term.

Post-contractual noncompete agreements

Post-contractual noncompete agreements exist with the members of the Board of Management,
providing for compensatory payments to be made by the company for the two-year duration

of these agreements. The compensatory payment for each of the two years amounts to 100% of
the average fixed compensation for the 12 months preceding their departure. In line with

legal requirements, other work-related income is taken into account when determining the
compensatory payment. The company can opt to waive the noncompete agreement when a
service contract terminates, in which case no compensatory payment is made. This is also the
case when a member of the Board of Management retires after leaving the company.

Unfitness for work

In the event of temporary unfitness for work, members of the Board of Management continue to
receive the contractually agreed compensation. Bayer AG may early terminate the service contract
if the Board member has been continuously unfit for work for at least 18 months and is likely to be
permanently incapable of fully performing their duties (permanent incapacity to work). A disability
pension is paid in the event of contract termination before the age of 60 due to permanent
incapacity to work. For members of the Board of Management, the amount of the disability
pension under the service contract corresponds to the entitlement accrued on the date of
contract termination, taking into account a fictitious period of service between that date and the
member’s 55th birthday, where applicable.

Planned changes from 2020/2021

In December 2019, the Supervisory Board resolved on a new compensation system for the Board
of Management that can be applied from 2020. A motion to this effect will be presented at the
2020 Annual Stockholders’ Meeting for approval. A description of the new compensation system
will be provided together with the Notice of the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting.

Compensation of the Board of Management in 2019

The aggregate compensation (HGB) for the members of the Board of Management in 2019
totaled €26,075 thousand (2018: €24,509 thousand), comprising €8,227 thousand

(2018: €8,212 thousand) in non-performance-related components and €17,848 thousand
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report / 116

4.4 Compensation Report

(2018: €16,297 thousand) in performance-related components. The pension service cost
amounted to €2,753 thousand (2018: €2,745 thousand).

As of December 31, 2019, the Board of Management of Bayer AG consisted of seven members.
The service of Dr. Hartmut Klusik and Kemal Malik on the Board of Management ended on that
date. There were no changes in the membership of the Board of Management during 2019.

The following table shows the aggregate compensation, according to the German Commercial
Code, of the individual members of the Board of Management who served in 2018 and/or 2019:

A 4.4.1/7
Board of Management Compensation (German Commercial Code)
Long-term
stock-based
Short-term cash
Fixed annual variable cash compensation Aggregate Pension
compensation Fringe benefits compensation (Aspire)! compensation service cost?
€ thousand 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019
Serving members
of the Board of
Management as of
December 31, 2019
Werner Baumann
(Chairman) 1,511 1,650 46 47 1,708 1,717 2,039 2,804 5,304 6,218 874 1,014
Liam Condon 819 950 45 44 1,056 896 793 1,841 2,713 3,731 348 457
Dr. Hartmut Klusik 768 787 39 39 805 819 864 1,240 2,476 2,885 331 223
Kemal Malik? 794 814 37 37 813 792 923 1,253 2,567 2,896 315 355
Wolfgang Nickl 523 787 a 68 571 859 1,056 1,319 2,191 3,033 133 188
Stefan Oelrich* 137 840 142 854 133 983 973 1,226 1,385 3,903 19 202
Heiko Schipper? 640 787 1,431 523 639 918 1,104 1,181 3,814 3,409 178 314
Former members
Johannes Dietsch 320 - 17 - 346 - 432 - 1,115 - 141 -
Erica Mann 192 - 3 - 192 - 145 - 532 - 204 -
Dieter Weinand 683 - 24 - 674 - 1,031 — 2,412 - 202 -
Total® 6,387 6,615 1,825 1,612 6,937 6,984 9,360 10,864 24,509 26,075 2,745 2,753

' Fair value at the grant date
? Including company contributions to Bayer-Pensionskasse VVaG, Rheinische Pensionskasse VVaG and to a pension fund outside Germany

° A severance payment of €6,831 thousand (HGB valuation) was agreed with Kemal Malik in view of his leaving the company on December 31, 2019. This puts him

in the same position as if he had held office until December 31, 2021, and had then retired.

4 The fringe benefits for Stefan Oelrich contain an indemnity payment of €808 thousand (2018: €135 thousand) for variable compensation components granted to

him by his former employer that lapsed due to his joining Bayer. This indemnity amounts to €2,424 thousand in total and is being paid over a period of three
years on a pro rata temporis basis.

5 The fringe benefits for Heiko Schipper contain an indemnity payment of €495 thousand (2018: €894 thousand) for variable compensation components granted
to him by his former employer that lapsed due to his joining Bayer. This indemnity amounts to a maximum of €1,950 thousand. A quarter of this amount was paid

at the date he joined the Board of Management. The remaining three-quarters is being paid over a period of three years on a pro rata temporis basis.

® The total compensation of the Board of Management includes fixed annual compensation of €551 thousand (2018: €583 thousand), fringe benefits of
€374 thousand (2018: €1,000 thousand), short-term variable cash compensation of €643 thousand (2018: €581 thousand) and long-term stock-based cash
compensation of €827 thousand (2018: €874 thousand) that Erica Mann and Heiko Schipper received in 2018 and in 2018 and 2019, respectively, from our
subsidiary Bayer Consumer Care AG, Switzerland, in their capacities as head of the Consumer Health Division.

Fixed annual compensation

The fixed annual compensation of the members of the Board of Management was adjusted in
2019. The total fixed annual compensation of all the members was €6,615 thousand

(2018: €6,387 thousand). In addition to the adjustment of the fixed annual compensation of all the
members of the Board of Management based on the development of the consumer price index,
Werner Baumann and Liam Condon received unscheduled increases of 6.6% and 13.1%,
respectively, in view of the higher business volume and extension of their responsibilities arising
from the agriculture business acquired in 2018.

Short-term variable cash compensation

The total short-term variable cash compensation for all the members of the Board of Management
in 2019 amounted to €6,984 thousand (2018: €6,937 thousand) after deduction of the solidarity
contribution. Provisions of €6,984 thousand (2018: €5,725 thousand) were established for
payment of this compensation component to the members of the Board of Management serving
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
4.4 Compensation Report

as of December 31, 2019. The solidarity contribution is made by all employees of the companies
covered by the respective agreements with the employee representatives to help safeguard jobs
at the German sites. For 2019 it amounted to 0.14% (2018: 0.22%) of each person’s STI award.

Long-term variable cash compensation based on virtual Bayer shares

This is no longer a component of long-term compensation following the adjustment of the
compensation system for the Board of Management effective January 1, 2016, and now forms
part of short-term cash compensation. The conversion of 50% of the STI into virtual Bayer shares
took place for the last time in 2015 and was based on an average price of €119.17. The
aggregate compensation for 2018 according to IFRS included a negative change of

€978 thousand in the value of existing entitlements. As of December 31, 2019, there were no
provisions (December 31, 2018: provisions of €1,824 thousand) for future cash disbursements
under this program.

Long-term stock-based cash compensation (Aspire)

The long-term stock-based cash compensation under the Aspire program is included in
the aggregate compensation according to the German Commercial Code at its fair value of
€10,864 thousand (2018: €9,360 thousand) at the respective grant date.

The aggregate compensation according to IFRS includes the fair value of the partial entitlement
earned in the respective year. Grants of stock-based compensation with a four-year performance
period are therefore expensed at their respective fair values over four years starting with the grant
year. The stock-based compensation according to IFRS also includes the change in the value of
existing entitlements under ongoing Aspire tranches granted in prior years.

/ 117

A 4.4.1/8
Board of Management Compensation - Aspire Program (IFRS)
Serving members of the Board of Management
as of December 31, 2019 Former members
Werner Dr.
Baumann Liam Hartmut Kemal Wolfgang Stefan Heiko Johannes Erica Dieter
€ thousand (Chairman) Condon Klusik Malik Nickl Oelrich Schipper Dietsch Mann Weinand Total
Stock-based 2019 1,849 1,071 2,471 897 553 536 512 - - - 7,889
compensation
entitlements
earned in 2018 1,029 537 524 536 105 28 131 1,197 475 2,098 6,660
the respective
year!
Change in 2019 (48) (40) (37) (38) 3 1 3 - - - (156)
the value
of existing 2018 (972) (604) (565) (581) - - - (26) (491) (529) (3,768)
entitlements?
Total® 2019 1,801 1,031 2,434 859 556 537 515 - - - 7,733
2018 57 (67) (41) (45) 105 28 131 1,171 (16) 1,569 2,892

' The newly earned entitlements are derived from the 2016 — 2019 (2018: 2015 — 2018) tranches of the Aspire program because this compensation was or is being
earned over a four-year period. They are stated at their prorated fair values in 2018 and 2019, respectively. Dr. Hartmut Klusik earned his entitlements at an
accelerated rate until he left the company on December 31, 2019, which is why the entitlements he earned in 2019 are higher than those of the other members of
the Board of Management serving as of December 31, 2019. Johannes Dietsch, Erica Mann and Dieter Weinand earned their entitlements at an accelerated rate

until they left the company on May 31, 2018, March 31, 2018, and October 31, 2018, respectively. Accordingly, the entitlements they earned during their

respective periods of service in 2018 are higher than for the members of the Board of Management serving as of December 31, 2018. The Aspire entitlements
earned in 2018 and the value changes for Liam Condon, Dr. Hartmut Klusik, Erica Mann and Dieter Weinand relate in part to Aspire tranches granted to them

before they joined the Board of Management but not yet fully earned.
? This line shows the change in the value of the entitlements already earned in 2016, 2017 and 2018 (2018: 2015, 2016 and 2017).

° €359 thousand of the entitlements earned in 2019 (2018: €425 thousand) and €2 thousand of the change in the value of existing entitlements (2018: minus

€344 thousand) pertain to entitlements against our subsidiary Bayer Consumer Care AG, Switzerland.

Provisions of €13,323 thousand (2018: €5,590 thousand) were established for the Aspire
entitlements of the members of the Board of Management serving as of December 31, 2019. Of
this amount, €8,993 thousand relates to the tranches issued up to 2018 and €4,330 thousand to
the 2019 tranche. In addition, provisions of €4,092 thousand also exist for Aspire tranches
forming part of severance payments.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 118
4.4 Compensation Report

Pension entitlements

The pension service cost recognized for the members of the Board of Management in 2019
according to the German Commercial Code was €2,753 thousand (2018: €2,745 thousand),
while the current service cost for pension entitlements recognized according to IFRS was
€3,439 thousand (2018: €3,489 thousand). The following table shows the service cost and the
settlement or present value of the pension obligations attributable to the individual members
of the Board of Management.

A 4.4.1/9
Pension Entitlements (German Commercial Code and IFRS)
German Commercial Code IFRS
Settlement value of Present value of defined
pension obligation Current service cost for benefit pension obligation
Pension service cost! as of December 31? pension entitlements as of December 31
€ thousand 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019
Serving members of the
Board of Management
as of December 31, 2019
Werner Baumann (Chairman) 874 1,014 11,217 13,953 1,254 1,310 15,075 20,325
Liam Condon 348 457 3,063 4,289 539 627 4,618 6,220
Dr. Hartmut Klusik 331 223 6,144 6,820 433 267 7,769 9,234
Kemal Malik 315 355 2,606 4,247 448 456 3,110 5,494
Wolfgang Nickl 133 188 148 367 206 257 207 573
Stefan Oelrich 19 202 21 236 27 274 28 362
Heiko Schipper 178 314 3,312 5,075 142 248 3,331 5,141
Former members
Johannes Dietsch 141 - - - 87 - - -
Erica Mann 204 - - - 75 - - -
Dieter Weinand 202 - - - 278 - - -
Total 2,745 2,753 26,508 34,987 3,489 3,439 34,138 47,349

‘Including company contribution to Bayer-Pensionskasse VVaG, Rheinische Pensionskasse VVaG and a pension fund outside Germany
? The pension obligations of foreign subsidiaries and Bayer pension funds are included at present value according to IFRS.

The difference between the pension service cost according to the German Commercial Code and
the service cost for pension entitlements according to IFRS arises from the difference in the
valuation principles used in calculating the settlement value according to the German Commercial
Code and the present value of the defined benefit pension obligation according to IFRS.

Benefits upon termination of service on the Board of Management

It was agreed with Kemal Malik in October 2019 that his contract, which originally ran until
January 31, 2022, be terminated early by mutual agreement on December 31, 2019, because the
position he held on the Board of Management was being abolished as part of the Bayer 2022
efficiency program. The severance payment totals €8,714 thousand and mainly comprises the
amounts granted with respect to fixed compensation (€1,627 thousand in total), some of which
was allocated to the indemnity to be paid for the noncompete agreement, the short-term
compensation component (€1,713 thousand), the amount for Aspire entitlements earned at an
accelerated rate from the tranches issued in the years 2017 through 2019 (€1,617 thousand), the
amount for newly granted Aspire entitlements from the tranches to be issued in 2020 and 2021
(€2,475 thousand), the loss of a company car with driver (€100 thousand) and pension plan
modules (€1,182 thousand). Kemal Malik’s entitlements under the company pension plan and the
Aspire program were set at the levels they would have reached if he had been eligible to
participate until December 31, 2021. The severance payment with respect to his fixed
compensation and short-term variable compensation component amounted to €3,440 thousand
in total after deducting his personal contributions to the company pension plan and was disbursed
in January 2020. The payments from the Aspire tranches will be made upon the expiration of each
tranche, with the personal STI payout factor for 2019 to be applied for the 2020 tranche and a
personal STI payout factor of 105.3% for the 2021 tranche. A noncompete agreement exists with
Kemal Malik until December 31, 2021.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 119
4.4 Compensation Report

Dr. Hartmut Klusik ended his service on the Board of Management on December 31, 2019, when
his contract expired. Starting in January 2020, Dr. Klusik is receiving pension benefits based on
the entitlements he earned under the company pension plan up to the date he left the company.
Since Bayer did not request Dr. Klusik to enter into a noncompete agreement, no indemnity
payment will be due.

The following table shows the present values of the contractually agreed indemnity payments for
members of the Board of Management resulting from noncompete agreements as of December
31, 2019. For currently serving members of the Board of Management, it is assumed that these
payments will commence when their current contracts expire. Expected inflation-based
adjustments to fixed annual compensation are taken into account in the calculation.

A 4.4.1/10

Indemnity Payments in Event of Contract Termination

Present value of

Fixed annual potential indemnity
compensation End of current payments
€ thousand in 2019 contract as of Dec. 31, 2019
Serving members of the
Board of Management
Werner Baumann 1,650 April 30, 2021 3,396
Liam Condon 950 Dec. 31, 2023 2,012
Dr. Hartmut Klusik' 787 Dec. 31, 2019 0)
Kemal Malik? 814 Dec. 31, 2019 -
Wolfgang Nickl 787 April 25, 2021 1,620
Stefan Oelrich 840 Oct. 31, 2021 1,727
Heiko Schipper 787 Feb. 28, 2021 1,620

‘Dr. Klusik will not receive an indemnity payment after his service on the Board of Management ends.
? Mr. Malik’s severance payment implicitly includes an indemnity payment.

Aggregate Board of Management compensation (IFRS)
The aggregate Board of Management compensation according to IFRS is shown in the
following table.

A4.4.1/14
Board of Management Compensation according to IFRS
€ thousand 2018 2019
Fixed annual compensation 6,387 6,615
Fringe benefits 1,825 1,612
Total short-term non-performance-related compensation 8,212 8,227
Short-term performance-related cash compensation 6,937 6,984
Total short-term compensation 15,149 15,211
Change in value of existing entitlements to stock-based compensation
(virtual Bayer shares) (978) -
Stock-based compensation (Aspire) earned in the respective year 6,660 7,889
Change in value of existing entitlements to stock-based compensation (Aspire) (3,768) (156)
Total stock-based compensation (long-term incentive) 1,914 7,733
Service cost for pension entitlements earned in the respective year 3,489 3,439
Total long-term compensation 5,403 11,172
Severance indemnity in connection with the termination of a service contract - 8,714

Aggregate compensation (IFRS) 20,552 35,097

Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 120
4.4 Compensation Report

4.4.2 Disclosures Pursuant to the Recommendations of the German

Corporate Governance Code
In accordance with the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code, the
following tables show the compensation — including fringe benefits — granted for 2019, indicating
the target values and the maximum and minimum achievable values for the variable compensation
components, along with the allocation of compensation.

A 4.4.2/1

Compensation and Benefits Granted (Part I)
Serving members of the Board of Management as of December 31, 2019
Dr. Hartmut Klusik

Werner Baumann Liam Condon (Human Resources,
(Chairman) (Crop Science) Technology & Sustainability)
Joined Jan. 1, 2010 Joined Jan. 1, 2016 Joined Jan. 1, 2016
Target Target Target Target Target Target
value value Min. Max.’ value value Min. Max.’ value value Min. Max.’
€ thousand 2018 2019 2019 2019 2018 2019 2019 2019 2018 2019 2019 2019
Fixed annual compensation 1,511 1,650 1,650 1,650 819 950 950 950 768 787 787 787
Fringe benefits 46 47 47 47 45 44 44 44 39 39 39 39

Total fixed annual compensation 1,557 1,697 1,697 1,697 864 994 994 994 807 826 826 826

Short-term variable cash
compensation 1,511 1,650 0 3,300 819 950 0 1,900 768 787 0 1,575

Long-term stock-based
compensation

(Aspire)
2018 (Jan. 1, 2018—Dec. 31,2021) 2,039 - - - 793 - - - 864 - - -
2019 (Jan. 1, 2019-Dec. 31, 2022) 2,804 0 7,010 1,841 0 4,603 1,240 0 3,100
Total 5,107 6,151 1,697 12,007 2,476 3,785 994 7,497 2,489 2,853 826 5,501
Service cost/benefit expense (IFRS) 1,254 1,310 1,310 1,310 539 627 627 627 433 267 267 267
Total compensation 6,361 7,461 3,007 13,317 3,015 4,412 1,621 8,124 2,872 3,120 1,093 5,768

Continuing A 4.4.2/1

Compensation and Benefits Granted (Part II)

Serving members of the Board of Management as of December 31, 2019

Kemal Malik? Wolfgang Nickl Stefan Oelrich®
(Innovation) (Finance) (Pharmaceuticals)
Joined Feb. 1, 2014 Joined April 26, 2018 Joined Nov. 1, 2018
Target Target Target Target Target Target
value value Min. Max.’ value value Min. Max.’ value value Min. Max.'
€ thousand 2018 2019 2019 2019 2018 2019 2019 2019 2018 2019 2019 2019
Fixed annual compensation 794 814 814 814 523 787 787 787 137 840 840 840
Fringe benefits 37 37 37 37 a 68 68 68 142 854 854 854
Total fixed annual compensation 831 851 851 851 564 855 855 855 279 1,694 1,694 1,694
Short-term variable cash
compensation 794 814 0 1,627 512 787 0 1,575 137 840 0 1,680
Long-term stock-based
compensation
(Aspire)
2018 (Jan. 1, 2018-Dec. 31, 2021) 923 - - — 1,056 - - - 973 - - -
2019 (Jan. 1, 2019-Dec. 31, 2022) 1,253 0 3,133 1,319 0 3,298 1,226 0 3,064
Total 2,548 2,918 851 5,611 2,132 2,961 855 5,728 1,389 3,760 1,694 6,438
Service cost/benefit expense (IFRS) 448 456 456 456 206 257 257 257 27 274 274 274

Total compensation 2,996 3,374 1,307 6,067 2,338 3,218 1,112 5,985 1,416 4,034 1,968 6,712

Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 121
4.4 Compensation Report

Continuing A 4.4.2/1

Compensation and Benefits Granted (Part III)

Serving members of the Board of Management

as of December 31, 2019 Former members
Heiko Schipper* Johannes Dietsch®
(Consumer Health) (Finance)
Joined March 1, 2018 Stepped down May 31, 2018
Target Target Target Target
value value Min. Max." value value Min. Max."
€ thousand 2018 2019 2019 2019 2018 2019 2019 2019
Fixed annual compensation 640 787 787 787 320 - - -
Fringe benefits 1,431 523 523 523 17 - - -
Total fixed annual compensation 2,071 1,310 1,310 1,310 337 - - -
Short-term variable cash
compensation 640 787 0 1,575 320 - 0 -
Long-term stock-based
compensation
(Aspire)
2018 (Jan. 1, 2018-—Dec. 31, 2021) 1,104 - - - 432 - - -
2019 (Jan. 1, 2019-Dec. 31, 2022) 1,181 0 2,952 - 0 -
Total 3,815 3,278 1,310 5,837 1,089 - - -
Service cost/benefit expense (IFRS) 142 248 248 248 87 - - -
Total compensation 3,957 3,526 1,558 6,085 1,176 - - -

Continuing A 4.4.2/1

Compensation and Benefits Granted (Part IV)

Former members

Erica Mann Dieter Weinand
(Consumer Health) (Pharmaceuticals)
Stepped down March 31, 2018 Stepped down October 31, 2018

Target Target Target Target
value value Min. Max." value value Min. Max."
€ thousand 2018 2019 2019 2019 2018 2019 2019 2019
Fixed annual compensation 192 - - - 683 - - -
Fringe benefits 3 - - - 24 - - -
Total fixed annual compensation 195 - - - 707 - - -

Short-term variable cash
compensation 192 - 0 - 683 - 0 -

Long-term stock-based
compensation

(Aspire) - - 0 - - - 0 -
2018 (Jan. 1, 2018-—Dec. 31, 2021) 145 - - - 1,031 - - -
2019 (Jan. 1, 2019-Dec. 31, 2022) - - 0 - - - 0 -

Total 532 - - - 2,421 - - -

Service cost/benefit expense (IFRS) 75 - - - 278 - - -

Total compensation 607 - - - 2,699 - - -

‘The maximum achievable variable compensation shown here does not yet take into account the total caps applicable (see A 4.4.1/1).

? In 2019, Kemal Malik received a severance payment of €6,831 thousand (HGB valuation) in addition.

° The fringe benefits for Stefan Oelrich contain an indemnity payment of €808 thousand (2018: €135 thousand) for variable compensation components granted to
him by his former employer that lapsed due to his joining Bayer. This indemnity amounts to €2,424 thousand in total and is being paid over a period of three
years on a pro rata temporis basis.

4The fringe benefits for Heiko Schipper contain an indemnity payment of €495 thousand (2018: €894 thousand) for variable compensation components granted to
him by his former employer that lapsed due to his joining Bayer. This indemnity amounts to a maximum of €1,950 thousand. A quarter of this amount was paid at
the date he joined the Board of Management. The remaining three-quarters is being paid over a period of three years on a pro rata temporis basis.

5 Under his termination agreement, Johannes Dietsch was granted an indemnity payment of a maximum of €1,522 thousand for his post-contractual noncompete
agreement. This is being granted monthly over a period of two years on a pro rata temporis basis.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 122
4.4 Compensation Report

A 4.4.2/2

Allocation of Compensation (Part |)
Serving members of the Board of Management as of December 31, 2019
Dr. Hartmut Klusik

(Human
Resources,
Werner Baumann Liam Condon Technology & Kemal Malik Wolfgang Nickl
(Chairman) (Crop Science) Sustainability) (Innovation) (Finance)
Joined Joined Joined Joined Joined
Jan. 1, 2010 Jan. 1, 2016 Jan. 1, 2016 Feb. 1, 2014 April 26, 2018
€ thousand 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019
Fixed annual compensation 1,511 1,650 819 950 768 787 794 814 523 787
Fringe benefits 46 47 45 44 39 39 37 37 an 68
Total 1,557 1,697 864 994 807 826 831 851 564 855
Short-term variable cash compensation 1,708 1,717 1,056 896 805 819 813 792 571 859
Long-term cash compensation
(virtual Bayer shares)
2014 (Jan. 1, 2015-Dec. 31, 2017) 1,037 - 1,125 - - - 760 - - -
2015 (Jan. 1, 2016—Dec. 31, 2018) - 738 - 539 - - - 547 - -
Long-term stock-based cash
compensation (Aspire)!
2014 (Jan. 1, 2014-Dec. 31, 2017) 72 - 44 - 26 - 27 - - -
2015 (Jan. 1, 2015-Dec. 31, 2018) - - - - - - - - - -
Total 4,374 4,152 3,089 2,429 1,638 1,645 2,431 2,190 1,135 1,714
Service cost/benefit expense 1,254 1,310 539 627 433 267 448 456 206 257
Total compensation 5,628 5,462 3,628 3,056 2,071 1,912 2,879 2,646 1,341 1,971
Continuing A 4.4.2/2
Allocation of Compensation (Part II)
Serving members
of the Board of Management
as of December 31, 2019 Former members
Stefan Oelrich? Heiko Schipper? Johannes Dietsch Erica Mann* Dieter Weinand
(Pharmaceuticals) (Consumer Health) (Finance) (Consumer Health) (Pharmaceuticals)
Joined Joined Stepped down Stepped down Stepped down
Nov. 1, 2018 Mar. 1, 2018 May 31, 2018 = March 31, 2018 Oct. 31, 2018
€ thousand 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019
Fixed annual compensation 137 840 640 787 320 - 192 - 683 -
Fringe benefits 8 854 538 523 17 - 3 - 24 -
Total 145 1,694 1,178 1,310 337 - 195 - 707 -
Short-term variable cash compensation 133 983 639 918 346 - 192 - 674 -
Long-term cash compensation
(virtual Bayer shares)
2014 (Jan. 1, 2015-Dec. 31, 2017) - - - - 276 - - - - -
2015 (Jan. 1, 2016—Dec. 31, 2018) - - - - - - - - - -
Long-term stock-based cash
compensation (Aspire)'
2014 (Jan. 1, 2014-Dec. 31, 2017) - - - - 21 - 106 - 33 -
2015 (Jan. 1, 2015-Dec. 31, 2018) - - - - - - - - - -
Total 278 2,677 1,817 2,228 980 - 493 - 1,414 -
Service cost/benefit expense 27 274 142 248 87 - 75 - 278 -
Total compensation 305 2,951 1,959 2,476 1,067 - 568 - 1,692 -

‘The payments in 2018 to Johannes Dietsch, Liam Condon, Dr. Hartmut Klusik, Kemal Malik, Erica Mann and Dieter Weinand from the 2014 Aspire tranche partly
relate to entitlements earned prior to their joining the Board of Management. The payments in 2019 from the 2015 Aspire tranche to Liam Condon and
Dr. Hartmut Klusik partly relate to entitlements earned prior to their joining the Board of Management. The tranches of these members were not yet fully earned
at the dates on which they joined the Board of Management.

? The fringe benefits for Stefan Oelrich contain an indemnity payment of €808 thousand (2018: €0 thousand) for variable compensation components granted to him
by his former employer that lapsed due to his joining Bayer.

° The fringe benefits for Heiko Schipper contain an indemnity payment of €495 thousand (2018: €495 thousand) for variable compensation components granted to
him by his former employer that lapsed due to his joining Bayer.

5 |n 2018, Erica Mann also received a severance payment of €1,686 thousand, a payment of €3,825 thousand to settle pension entitlements in the United States,
and current pension payments.
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report

4.4 Compensation Report

4.4.3 Development of Board of Management Compensation
Relative to Employee Compensation and the Financial

Performance of the Company
The following overview shows the development of the compensation earned by the individual
members of the Board of Management in the respective fiscal year according to IFRS in relation to
selected financial performance indicators used by the Bayer Group. The total earned
compensation may be impacted, for example, by changes in the number of Board of Management
members or overlaps between joining and departing Board members, as well as one-time effects
of fringe benefits. The performance indicators are affected by the acquisition of Monsanto (2018)
and by the divestments of Covestro (2017), various Crop Science businesses to BASF (2018), the
prescription dermatology business of Consumer Health (2018 and 2019), the Dr. Scholl’s and
Coppertone brands (2019) and our stake in Currenta (2019). They are also particularly affected by
the recognition of Covestro (2017), Currenta (2019) and Animal Health (2019) as discontinued
operations. In addition, core earnings per share are impacted by the increase in the number of
shares in 2018.

/ 123

A 4.4.3/1
Compensation Earned by Board of Management in Relation to Company’s Financial Performance
Change Change Change Change
€ thousand 2015 % 2016 % 2017 % 2018 % 2019
Compensation earned (€ thousand)
Serving members of the Board of
Management as of December 31, 2019
Werner Baumann 4,671 +3.1 4,818 +19.1 5,740 -27.2 4,180 + 56.1 6,525
Liam Condon - - 2,475 +16.5 2,883 -27.1 2,103 + 68.7 3,548
Dr. Hartmut Klusik" - - 2,709 -5.0 2,573 -221 2,004 +116.9 4,346
Kemal Malik? 3,283 -26.8 2,402 $17.41 2,812 -37.6 1,754 . 11,672
Wolfgang Nickl - - - - - - 1,446 +74.8 2,527
Stefan Oelrich - - - - - - 467 . 3,488
Heiko Schipper - - - - - - 2,983 +0.3 2,991
Former members of the
Board of Management
Marijn Dekkers? 8,243 -11.3 7,311 - - - -
Johannes Dietsch 3,204 -24.2 2,429 +65.9 4,030 -51.8 1,941
Michael Konig? 4,407 - - - - - -
Erica Mann? - - 2,701 + 93.3 5,220 -91.5 446
Dieter Weinand - - 2,730 +6.6 2,910 +10.9 3,228
Total 23,808 +15.8 27,575 -5.1 26,168 -21.5 20,552 +70.8 35,097
Financial KPls®
EBITDA before special items (€ million) 10,266 +10.1 11,302 -17.8 9,288 +2.8 9,547 + 20.5 11,503
Core EPS% (€) 6.83 +7.2 7.32 -7.9 6.74 -11.9 5.94 + 14.0 6.77
Sales® (€ million) 46,324 +3.5 46,769 +1.5 35,015 +4.5 39,586 +3.5 43,545

' Dr. Hartmut Klusik earned his Aspire entitlements in 2019 at an accelerated rate until he left the company on December 31, 2019.
°These amounts contain severance payments for Marijn Dekkers in 2016, Michael Kénig in 2015, Erica Mann in 2017 and Kemal Malik in 2019.

° Reporting is based on the financial performance indicators initially published for the respective year and their development without regard to any subsequent

restatements thereof.
4The 2019 figure includes continuing and discontinued operations.
5 The change in sales on a currency- and portfolio-adjusted basis is reported as a key indicator for corporate management.

The following overview shows the development of the target cash compensation of the Board of
Management in relation to the compensation of all employees in Germany and that of
nonmanagerial employees under collective bargaining agreements in Germany. This is calculated
based on contractually agreed target entitlements — in accordance with the German Corporate
Governance Code — with regard to fixed compensation, the annual bonus and the four-year stock-
based compensation (where the respective employee groups are eligible to participate). For
nonmanagerial employees in Germany, the 13th monthly salary and the contractually agreed
vacation bonus were taken into account. Variable compensation components for both the Board
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
4.4 Compensation Report

of Management and the other employee groups were based on the assumption of 100% target
attainment. Expenditures for fringe benefits (such as home security equipment, indemnity
payments for lapsed variable compensation components granted by former employers) were not
taken into account due to their irregular nature. Expenditures for pensions were also disregarded
in view of the interest sensitivity of the expenses. The aim of this approach is to enhance
comparability in the development of compensation.

/ 124

A 4.4.3/2

Development of Average Target Cash Compensation’ of the Board of Management and Employees
Change Change Change Change

€ thousand 2015 % 2016 % 2017 % 2018 % 2019
Board of Management 2,993,141 +1.9 3,050,000 +0.8 3,074,400 +1.6 3,123,600 +5.9 3,307,600
All employees?
in Germany? 89,361 +9.7 98,004 +3.7 101,662 +2.6 104,336 +8.9 113,636
Nonmanagerial
employees in Germany® 61,613 +3.5 63,749 +2.8 65,512 +3.2 67,628 +0.2 67,791

' Fixed annual compensation, STI and LTI (not taking into account individual STI payout factor), excluding pensions and fringe benefits; calculated on the basis of

full-time equivalents (FTEs)
? Excluding the Board of Management

$ Including the employees of the companies Bayer AG, Leverkusen, Bayer Animal Health GmbH, Leverkusen, Bayer Intellectual Property GmbH, Monheim am Rhein,
Bayer Business Services GmbH, Leverkusen, and Pallas Versicherung Aktiengesellschaft, Leverkusen (all Germany). The figures for 2018 and 2019 do not include

Animal Health employees.

The relative changes in average target cash compensation can be influenced by a range of factors and can vary both over time and across the Board of

Management, the overall workforce and nonmanagerial employees. These factors include changes in the composition of the workforce, various salary adjustments
within and outside of collective bargaining agreements, the integration and carving out of business entities, or measures relating to HR policy. The 9.7% increase in
the average target cash compensation of all employees in 2016 compared with 2015 was mainly attributable to the carve-out of Covestro, a change in workforce

structure, and an increase in the proportion of managerial employees.

The difference in the rates at which target cash compensation increased for nonmanagerial
employees and all employees in Germany between 2018 and 2019 is primarily due to a change in
the structure of the workforce as a result of the restructuring measures as well as to absence of a
salary increase for employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. The salaries of this
group of employees will next be adjusted effective July 1, 2020, as agreed in the 2019 collective
bargaining agreement.

In 2019, the ratio between the average compensation of a Board of Management member and
that of all employees in Germany stood at 29:1 (2018: 30:1), while the ratio between the average
compensation of a Board of Management member and that of nonmanagerial employees in
Germany was 49:1 (2018: 46:1). For the Chairman of the Board of Management, the ratios were
51:1 (2018: 51:1) in relation to all employees in Germany and 85:1 (2018: 78:1) in relation to
nonmanagerial employees in Germany.

4.4.4 Compensation of the Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board is compensated based on the relevant provisions of the Articles of
Incorporation as last amended at the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting on April 28, 2017.

The members of the Supervisory Board receive fixed annual compensation of €132 thousand
(2018: €132 thousand) plus reimbursement of their expenses.

In accordance with the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code, additional
compensation is paid to the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board and for chairing
and membership of committees. The Chairman of the Supervisory Board receives fixed annual
compensation of €396 thousand (2018: €396 thousand), the Vice Chairman €264 thousand

(2018: €264 thousand). These amounts also cover membership and chairmanship of committees.
The other members receive additional compensation for committee membership. The chairman of
the Audit Committee receives an additional €132 thousand (2018: €132 thousand) and the other
members of the Audit Committee €66 thousand (2018: €66 thousand) each. The chairmen of the
remaining committees receive €66 thousand (2018: €66 thousand) each and the other members of
those committees €33 thousand (2018: €33 thousand) each. As before, no additional
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 125
4.4 Compensation Report

compensation is paid for membership of the Nominations Committee. A Supervisory Board
member who is a member of more than two committees receives compensation only for the two
committees with the highest compensation. If changes are made to the Supervisory Board and/or
its committees during the year, members receive compensation on a prorated basis. As in the
past, the members of the Supervisory Board also receive an attendance fee of €1 thousand each
time they personally attend a meeting of the Supervisory Board or a committee. The attendance
fee is limited to €1 thousand per day.

The members of the Supervisory Board have given a voluntary pledge that they will each purchase
Bayer shares for 25% of their pretax fixed compensation, including any additional compensation
for committee membership, and hold these shares for as long as they remain members of the
Supervisory Board. This does not apply to members who under a service or employment contract
are prevented from purchasing shares or who transfer at least 85% of their fixed annual
compensation and additional compensation to the Hans Béckler Foundation in accordance with
the rules of the German Trade Union Confederation or whose service or employment contract
requires them to transfer such compensation to their employer. If less than 85% of the fixed
compensation is transferred, the voluntary pledge applies to the portion not transferred. The
obligation to purchase Bayer shares was adjusted in 2017 and now only applies for the first five
years of membership of the Supervisory Board; these shares must then be held until membership
of the Supervisory Board ceases. Bayer shares acquired prior to 2017 in connection with the
voluntary pledge are taken into account for this purpose. By voluntarily pledging to invest in and
hold Bayer shares, the Supervisory Board members reinforce their interest in the long-term,
sustainable success of the company.

Compensation of the Supervisory Board in 2019
The following table shows the components of each Supervisory Board member’s compensation
for 2019.

A 4.4.3/2
Compensation of the Members of the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG in 2019
Fixed

compensation Attendance fees Total
€ thousand 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019
Members of the Supervisory Board serving
as of December 31, 2019
Dr. Paul Achleitner 198 198 6 6 204 204
Dr. Simone Bagel-Trah 132 132 5 5 137 137
Dr. Norbert W. Bischofberger 165 165 5 6 170 171
André van Broich 198 198 7 7 205 205
Ertharin Cousin! - 33 - 1 - 34
Dr. Thomas Elsner 198 215 10 10 208 225
Johanna W. (Hanneke) Faber 132 132 4 3 136 135
Colleen A. Goggins 132 149 4 5 136 154
Robert Gundlach? - 5 - - - 5
Heike Hausfeld 165 165 7 7 172 172
Reiner Hoffmann 132 132 4 3 136 135
Frank Léllgen 198 198 10 10 208 208
Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Plischke 264 264 10 11 274 275
Petra Reinbold-Knape 198 198 6 7 204 205
Sabine Schaab 165 165 6 7 171 172
Michael Schmidt-KieBling 132 132 6 5 138 137
Werner Wenning (Chairman) 396 396 an 11 407 407
Prof. Dr. Otmar D. Wiestler 165 165 5 6 170 171
Prof. Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann 160 281 5 9 165 290
Oliver ZUhIke (Vice Chairman) 264 264 9 6 273 270

' Member of the Supervisory Board since October 1, 2019
2 Member of the Supervisory Board since December 18, 2019
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report / 126

A 4.4.3/2 (continued)

Compensation of the Members of the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG in 2019

Fixed

compensation Attendance fees Total
€ thousand 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019
Members who left the Supervisory Board
in 2018 and 2019
Thomas Ebeling® 132 99 3 4 135 103
Detlef Rennings* 132 120 6 3 138 123
Dr. Klaus Sturany® 105 - 5 - 110 -
Total 3,763 3,806 134 132 3,897 3,938

= Member of the Supervisory Board until September 30, 2019
4 Member of the Supervisory Board until November 29, 2019
5 Member of the Supervisory Board until May 25, 2018

In addition to their compensation as members of the Supervisory Board, those employee
representatives who are employees of Bayer Group companies receive compensation unrelated
to their service on the Supervisory Board. The total amount of such compensation in 2019 was
€813 thousand (2018: €757 thousand), including fixed and variable compensation components.
Pension obligations to all employee representatives on the Supervisory Board amounted to
€5,700 thousand (2018: €4,072 thousand).

No compensation was paid or benefits granted to members of the Supervisory Board for
personally performed services such as consultancy or agency services. The company has
purchased insurance for the members of the Supervisory Board to cover their personal liability
arising from their service on the Supervisory Board.

4.4.5 Further Information

Advances or loans to members of the Board of Management or

Supervisory Board

There were no advances or loans to members of the Board of Management or the Supervisory
Board outstanding as of December 31, 2019, or at any time during 2019 or 2018.

Pension payments to former members of the Board of Management or their
surviving dependents

We currently pay retired members of the Board of Management a monthly pension equal to a
maximum of 80% of the fixed compensation received immediately prior to retirement. The
pensions paid to former members of the Board of Management or their surviving dependents are
reassessed annually and adjusted, taking into account the development of consumer prices.

The pensions paid to former members of the Board of Management or their surviving dependents
in 2019 totaled €12,078 thousand (2018: €17,183 thousand). These benefits are paid in addition
to any amounts they receive under previous employee pension arrangements. The present

value of the defined benefit pension obligation for former members of the Board of Management
and their surviving dependents according to IFRS amounted to €199,454 thousand

(2018: €185,736 thousand), while the settlement value of the pension obligation according to
the German Commercial Code amounted to €162,948 thousand (2018: €161,427 thousand).
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 127
4.5 Takeover-Relevant Information

4.5 Takeover-Relevant Information

Explanatory report pursuant to Section 289a, Paragraph 1 and

Section 315a, Paragraph 1 of the German Commercial Code (HGB)

The capital stock of Bayer AG amounted to €2,515,005,649.92 as of December 31, 2019

(December 31, 2018: €2,387,333,027.84), divided into 982,424,082 no-par registered shares See also
(December 31, 2018: 932,551,964). Each share confers one voting right. A small number of www.bayer.com/
shares may be subject to temporary trading restrictions, such as retention periods, in connection ownership-structure
with employee stock participation programs. We received no notifications in 2019 of direct or

indirect holdings of shares in Bayer AG that exceed 10% of the capital stock. The company thus

is not in possession of any notifications of holdings that exceed 10% of the capital stock.

The appointment and dismissal of members of the Board of Management are subject to the
provisions of Sections 84 and 85 of the German Stock Corporation Act, Section 31 of the German
Codetermination Act and Section 6 of the company’s Articles of Incorporation. Pursuant to
Section 84, Paragraph 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act, the members of the Board of
Management are appointed and dismissed by the Supervisory Board. Since Bayer AG falls within
the scope of the German Codetermination Act, the appointment or dismissal of members of the
Board of Management requires a majority of two-thirds of the votes of the members of the
Supervisory Board on the first ballot pursuant to Section 31, Paragraph 2 of that act. If no such
majority is achieved, the appointment is resolved pursuant to Section 31, Paragraph 3 of the
Codetermination Act on a second ballot by a simple majority of the votes of the members of the
Supervisory Board. If the required majority still is not achieved, a third ballot is held. Here again, a
simple majority of the votes suffices, but in this ballot the Chairman of the Supervisory Board has
two votes pursuant to Section 31, Paragraph 4 of the Codetermination Act. Under Section 6,
Paragraph 1 of the Articles of Incorporation of Bayer AG, the number of members of the Board of
Management is determined by the Supervisory Board but must be at least two. The Supervisory
Board may appoint one member of the Board of Management to be the Chairman of the Board of
Management pursuant to Section 84, Paragraph 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act and
Section 6, Paragraph 1 of the Articles of Incorporation.

Any amendments to the Articles of Incorporation are made pursuant to Section 179 of the
German Stock Corporation Act and Sections 10 and 17 of the Articles of Incorporation. Under
Section 179, Paragraph 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act, amendments to the Articles of
Incorporation require a resolution of the Stockholders’ Meeting. Pursuant to Section 179,
Paragraph 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act, this resolution must be passed by a majority
of three quarters of the voting capital represented at the meeting, unless the Articles of
Incorporation provide for a different majority. However, where an amendment relates to a change
in the object of the company, the Articles of Incorporation may only specify a larger majority.
Section 17, Paragraph 2 of the Articles of Incorporation of Bayer AG utilizes the scope for
deviation pursuant to Section 179, Paragraph 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act and
provides that resolutions may be passed by a simple majority of the votes cast or, where a capital
majority is required, by a simple majority of the capital represented. Pursuant to Section 10,
Paragraph 9 of the Articles of Incorporation, the Supervisory Board may resolve on amendments
to the Articles of Incorporation that relate solely to their wording.

The Annual Stockholders’ Meeting held on April 26, 2019, resolved that the Board of Management
be authorized to purchase and dispose of own shares representing up to 10% of the capital stock
existing at the time the resolution was adopted. The authorization expires on April 25, 2024. The
authorization to purchase own shares also includes the purchase of own shares using put or call
options (derivatives) up to a volume of 5% of the capital stock existing at the time the resolution
was adopted or at the time the authorization is exercised. Stockholders’ subscription rights may
be excluded, depending on the purpose for which the purchased own shares are to be used.

A material agreement that is subject to the condition precedent of a change of control pertains to
the undrawn €4.5 billion syndicated credit facility arranged by Bayer AG and its U.S. subsidiary
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
4.5 Takeover-Relevant Information

Bayer Corporation. This facility is available until December 2024 with an extension option until
December 2025. The participating banks are entitled to terminate the credit facility in the event of
a change of control at Bayer and demand repayment of any loans that may have been granted
under this facility up to that time.

A similar clause is also contained in the agreement on a syndicated credit facility in the original
amount of US$56.9 billion granted to Bayer US Finance II LLC and Bayer AG in September 2016
to finance the acquisition of Monsanto (the “Monsanto credit facility”). Pursuant to the agreement,
the Monsanto credit facility was reduced in 2016 by the US$4.2 billion net proceeds from the
issuance of mandatory convertible notes, to US$52.7 billion, and in 2017 by the US$1.2 billion net
proceeds from the issuance of an exchangeable bond, to US$51.5 billion. The mandatory
convertible notes were issued by Bayer Capital Corporation B.V., guaranteed by Bayer AG and
matured in November 2019. The terms on which holders could convert these notes into shares
before the maturity date were more favorable in the event of a change of control than they would
have been otherwise. The exchangeable bond was issued by Bayer AG and matures in 2020, and
Bayer AG can flexibly exchange bonds for cash, Covestro AG shares or a combination of the two.
Holders of these notes have the right to demand the redemption of unexchanged notes by Bayer
AG in the event of a change of control if Bayer AG’s credit rating is downgraded within 120 days
after such change of control becomes effective.

The Monsanto credit facility was drawn in 2018 to finance the acquisition of Monsanto. The
resulting loan had a value of US$3.8 billion as of December 31, 2019. The reduction of the
Monsanto credit facility and of the loan in 2018 and 2019 was achieved partly through the
proceeds from the aforementioned capital increases, a further reduction of Bayer’s interest in
Covestro AG, a series of divestments to fulfill antitrust requirements, a bond with a nominal
volume of €5 billion issued by Bayer Capital Corporation B.V. and guaranteed by Bayer AG, anda
US$15 billion bond in 144A/RegS format issued by Bayer US Finance || LLC and guaranteed by
Bayer AG. Both bonds have largely the same terms in the event of a change of control as the
aforementioned exchangeable bond, although the period for a potential deterioration of Bayer
AG's credit rating is only 60 days in the case of the US$15 billion bond.

The terms of the nominal €1.4 billion (as of December 31, 2019) in notes issued by Bayer in the
years 2013 to 2017 under its Debt Issuance Programme also contain a corresponding change-of-
control clause associated with a deterioration of the credit rating within 120 days. The terms of
the US$7 billion bond in 144A/Reg S format issued in 2014 also contain a clause to this effect.
The outstanding amount of this bond as of December 31, 2019, was US$3.3 billion.

Agreements exist for the members of the Board of Management in compliance with Section 4.2.3
of the February 7, 2017, version of the German Corporate Governance Code to cover the
eventuality of a takeover offer being made for Bayer AG. Under these agreements, payments
promised in the event of early termination of the service contract of a Board of Management
member due to a change of control are limited to the value of three years’ compensation and may
not compensate more than the remaining term of the contract.

/ 128
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 129
5.1 Earnings Performance of Bayer AG

5. Information on Bayer AG

Business lease agreements exist between Bayer AG on the one hand, and Bayer Pharma AG and Bayer AG has both

Bayer CropScience AG - the former parent companies of the respective divisions — on the other. holding and parent

Bayer AG as lessee manages these two companies’ operational businesses on the basis of these Company functions in the
we . . . Bayer Group

agreements. In addition to its holding company function, Bayer AG thus also performs the parent

company functions with respect to the two divisions.

Bayer AG is a generator and supplier of utilities at multiple locations and thus an energy utility as
defined in Section 3, No. 18 of the German Energy Industry Act (EnWG). Since utility supply
networks are operated by a subsidiary, Bayer AG also constitutes a vertically integrated energy
utility under Section 3, No. 38 of the EnWG. However, regarding its own activities, it is only
subject to the separate accounting obligation and not the obligation to prepare activity reports.

The financial statements of Bayer AG are prepared in accordance with the German Commercial

Code (HGB) and the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG). Because the company is an
integrated energy utility, the provisions of Section 6b of the EnWG are also observed.

5.1 Earnings Performance of Bayer AG

A5.1/1
Bayer AG Summary Income Statements According to the German Commercial Code
€ million 2018 2019
Net sales 14,647 14,833
Cost of goods sold (8,219) (7,882)
Gross profit 6,428 6,951
Selling expenses (4,509) (4,524)
Research and development expenses (2,331) (2,131)
General administration expenses (1,056) (1,409)
Other operating income 268 481
Other operating expenses (115) (123)
Operating income (1,315) (755)
Income from investments in affiliated companies — net 4,739 5,605
Interest income/ expense — net (562) 85
Other financial income / expense — net (511) (66)
Nonoperating income 3,666 5,624
Income taxes (234) (312)
Income after taxes /Net income 2,117 4,557
Profit carried forward from previous year 498 -
Allocation to other retained earnings (4) (1,806)
Distributable profit 2,611 2,751

Earnings growth reflects improvement in nonoperating income

Sales at Bayer AG posted a small increase of €0.2 billion or 1.3% in 2019, to €14.8 billion (2018:
€14.6 billion). Business development varied between the divisions. At Crop Science, sales
declined by €0.8 billion, or 13.2%, to €5.2 billion (2018: €6.0 billion), while at Pharmaceuticals
they rose significantly by €1.0 billion, or 11.2%, to €9.5 billion (2018: €8.5 billion). Nondivisional
sales were unchanged at €0.1 billion.

The decrease of €276 million in sales at Crop Science was due to the absence of the businesses
divested to BASF, which were included in the prior-year figures up to the respective divestment
dates, and to a change in the business model. While sales at Insecticides rose by €55 million to
€1.1 billion, the other principal business units showed negative development. Sales at Herbicides
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
5.1 Earnings Performance of Bayer AG

were down by €302 million to €1.4 billion and at Fungicides by €195 million to €2.2 billion. Sales
at SeedGrowth receded by €227 million compared with the prior year to €0.2 billion, mainly as a
result of the divestment to BASF. From a geographical standpoint, the steepest drop in sales
occurred in Europe/Middle East/Africa, where business shrank by €652 million to €2.3 billion.
Sales also declined in North America (by €199 million to €0.7 billion) and in Asia/Pacific (by

€76 million to €0.9 billon). The only region to see an increase in product sales was Latin America,
where sales advanced by €137 million to €1.3 billion. The core business, at 97%, comprised intra-
Group sales to Bayer companies.

At Pharmaceuticals, Xarelto™ remained by far the best-selling product, with sales of €3.5 billion,
and recorded the strongest growth (+€846 million). Sales gains were also achieved for products
including Adalat™ (+€170 million to €422 million), YAZ™/Yasmin™ /Yasminelle™ (+ €76 million
to €474 million) and Mirena™ (+ €57 million to €495 million), whereas sales of Glucobay™

(-€59 million to €350 million) and Betaferon™ (—€50 million to €400 million), in particular, were
below the prior year. Business with Bayer Group companies accounted for 91% of total sales,
and business with third parties for 9%.

The cost of goods sold declined in 2019 by €0.3 billion to €7.9 billion, mainly due to the absence
of the €320 million in restructuring expenses included in the prior-year figure. After deducting the
cost of goods sold from sales, gross profit amounted to €7.0 billion (2018: €6.4 billion), or 47%
(2018: 44%) of sales. The gross margin at Crop Science came in at 21% (2018: 31%), compared
to 64% (2018: 57%) at Pharmaceuticals. The drop in the gross margin at Crop Science was

due to a change in the business model. At Pharmaceuticals, positive factors included economies
of scale, the absence of the €256 million in restructuring expenses recorded in 2018, anda

€47 million decline in costs relating to unused capacities. Selling expenses, at €4.5 billion, were
on the level of the previous year. Apart from the sales-based €0.7 billion share of the business
lease payment (2018: €0.7 billion), they mainly included expenses of €3.5 billion (2018:

€3.3 billion) for royalty payments, almost entirely to rights owners within the Group. In the Crop
Science Division, these payments were mainly made to Bayer CropScience AG (€0.6 billion), and
in the Pharmaceuticals Division primarily to Bayer Intellectual Property GmbH (€2.1 billion) and
Bayer Pharma AG (€0.4 billion). The €0.2 billion decline in research and development expenses to
€2.1 billion was due to the inclusion of €287 million in restructuring costs in 2018. Without these
prior-year costs, there would have been a slight increase of €87 million, entirely attributable to
Pharmaceuticals. Of the total research and development expenses, Pharmaceuticals accounted
for €1.5 billion and Crop Science for €0.4 billion. General administration expenses rose by

€422 million to €1.4 billion (2018: €1.1 billion) due to restructuring charges. The balance of other
operating income and expenses was positive as in the previous year, at €358 million (2018:

€153 million). While the positive effect in the prior year mainly resulted from intra-Group payments
of €129 million made to offset the restructuring expenses in connection with the impairment loss
realized on the Factor VIII facility in Wuppertal, the positive factors in 2019 were the charging-on
of €276 million in ancillary acquisition costs for Monsanto within the Group and a €66 million
increase in income from the reversal of unutilized provisions. The latter largely pertained to
restructuring.

The overall operating loss of €755 million in 2019 was €544 million less than in the prior year
(€1,315 million) and also significantly lower than we had anticipated at the start of the year. This
was mainly because the Pharmaceuticals business was substantially stronger and more profitable
than planned.

Income from investments in affiliated companies (net) advanced by €866 million to €5,605 million
(2018: €4,739 million). Dividends and similar income from subsidiaries and income from profit and
loss transfer agreements with subsidiaries moved ahead significantly to €1,817 million (2018:
€152 million) and €2,698 million (2018: €1,337 million), respectively. The increase in dividends and
similar income from subsidiaries was driven by the dividend payments received in 2019 from
Bayer Animal Health GmbH (€1,075 million), Bayer CropScience AG (€500 million) and Bayer
(China) Ltd. (€128 million), which were not matched by equivalent income in the prior year. The
growth in income from profit and loss transfer agreements was largely attributable to the earnings

/ 130
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
5.1 Earnings Performance of Bayer AG

transfer from Bayer Pharma AG, which amounted to €2,863 million (2018: €1,438 million). This
mainly consisted of dividends and similar income, the income from the business lease with
Bayer AG, intra-Group financing measures and the divestment gain in 2019 on the sale of the
prescription dermatology business Intendis GmbH to LEO Pharma A/S, Denmark. The income
transferred to Bayer AG by Bayer Real Estate GmbH was also higher at €105 million (2018:
€30 million), driven by gains from real estate sales to Currenta GmbH & Co. OHG in connection
with Bayer’s divestment of Currenta. However, Bayer AG had to absorb a considerably greater
loss of €257 million (2018: €127 million) transferred from Bayer Business Services GmbH,
which primarily resulted from higher restructuring expenses. The balance of other income and
expenses from investments in affiliated companies declined markedly to €1,090 million (2018:
€3,250 million). These items mainly included gains and losses from the sale of investments in
affiliated companies together with write-downs and write-backs thereof. The net decrease
resulted from the inclusion in the prior year of €3,314 million in gains from the sale of shares in
Covestro AG, compared with gains of only €1,088 million from the sale of Currenta in 2019.
However, write-downs of investments in affiliated companies, net of write-backs, amounted to
only €16 million in 2019 against €77 million in the prior year.

The net interest position improved in 2019 by a substantial €647 million, from minus €562 million
in the prior year to a positive €85 million. This was mainly due to a €538 million increase in the
value of the plan assets of Bayer Pension Trust e.V., which administers the assets covering
pension and other longer-term personnel commitments of Bayer AG and other companies as
trustee; in the previous year this figure was negative by €230 million. The balance of interest, both
with banks and with Group companies, improved in 2019. While net interest expense to banks
decreased by €164 million to €127 million (2018: €291 million), net interest income from Group
companies rose by €153 million to €357 million (2018: €204 million). Since the previous year’s net
interest position had benefited from a one-time net gain of €284 million from hedging transactions
in connection with the financing of the Monsanto acquisition, there was a corresponding negative
effect in 2019. The remaining net interest expense of €680 million (2018: €613 million) included
€508 million (2018: €447 million) in expense for the unwinding of discount on noncurrent (mainly
pension) provisions, €155 million (2018: €169 million) of bond interest, net expense of €19 million
for (2018: net income of €56 million from) interest-rate swaps and options, and net expense of

€1 million for (2018: net income of €31 million from) miscellaneous items.

The other financial expenses, net of other financial income, amounted to €66 million, which was
well below the prior-year level of €511 million. The main reason for the lower expenses was the
€459 million in write-downs recorded in 2018 on the Covestro AG shares still held by Bayer AG,
compared with expenses of only €1 million for write-downs and the sale of the Covestro shares in
2019. In addition, earnings were improved by the absence of the €97 million in expenses for the
capital increase implemented in 2018 and of the €50 million in charges resulting in 2018 from the
derecognition of Monsanto shares held by Bayer AG that were called in due to the acquisition.
Earnings also benefited from a €132 million decrease in credit facility fees paid. However, the net
exchange loss of €206 million in 2019, following a net exchange gain of €77 million in 2018, had
an opposing effect.

Income before income taxes at Bayer AG advanced in 2019 by €2,518 million to €4,869 million
(2018: €2,351 million). After deduction of €312 million (2018: €234 million) in taxes, net income
amounted to €4,557 million (2018: €2,117 million). Of this amount, €1,806 million was allocated to
other retained earnings, leaving a distributable profit of €2,751 million.

The Board of Management and Supervisory Board will propose to the Annual Stockholders’
Meeting on April 28, 2020, that the distributable profit be used to pay a dividend of €2.80 per
share on the capital stock entitled to the dividend.

/ 131
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 132
5.2 Asset and Financial Position of Bayer AG

5.2 Asset and Financial Position of Bayer AG

A 5.2/1

Bayer AG Summary Statements of Financial Position According to the German Commercial Code

€ million Dec. 31,2018 Dec. 31,2019
ASSETS
Noncurrent assets
Intangible assets, property, plant and equipment 163 165
Investments 73,530 70,388
73,693 70,553
Current assets
Inventories 2,197 2,209
Trade accounts receivable 2,113 1,631
Receivables from subsidiaries 1,829 6,421
Other assets and deferred charges 492 989
Cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities 3,178 2,783
9,809 14,033
Total assets 83,502 84,586
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity 27,659 33,603
Provisions 3,159 3,244
Liabilities and deferred income
Bonds and notes, liabilities to banks 10,496 9,550
Trade accounts payable 1,913 1,724
Payables to subsidiaries 39,680 35,954
Remaining liabilities and deferred income 595 511
52,684 47,739
Total equity and liabilities 83,502 84,586

Financial structures stable; equity base strengthened

As in previous years, Bayer AG’s financial position reflected the management function it performs a

for the Group, particularly with respect to the company’s shareholdings and Group financing. The —_ See also A 2.3.2/1
statement of financial position is characterized by these shareholdings and the receivables and

payables vis-a-vis Group companies.

Total assets grew in 2019 by €1.1 billion, or 1.38%, to €84.6 billion. The increase was entirely
due to a €4.2 billion rise in current assets to €14.0 billion, while noncurrent assets declined by
€3.1 billion to €70.6 billion.

Within noncurrent assets, investments in affiliated companies showed a slight decline of

€0.5 billion, mainly due to a capital decrease of €0.5 billion implemented at Bayer

CropScience AG. Investments in affiliated companies totaled €49.1 billion (2018: €49.6 billion)
and continued to account for the majority of total assets, at 58.1% (2018: 59.4%). Loans to
subsidiaries also decreased by €2.5 billion to €20.0 billion (2018: €22.5 billion), mainly due to the
repayment of a €2.6 billion loan by Bayer CropScience AG that had been granted to that company
as part of the financing of the Monsanto acquisition. The total of property, plant and equipment
and intangible assets remained practically unchanged at €0.2 billion.

Among the current asset items, inventories stood at the prior-year level of €2.2 billion. Here

there was a slight shift between the divisions, with Crop Science inventories decreasing by

€0.1 billion to €1.0 billion and inventories at Pharmaceuticals increasing by the same amount

to €1.2 billion. Trade accounts receivable were reduced by €0.5 billion to €1.6 billion (2018:

€2.1 billion), with decreases of €0.2 billion each at Crop Science and Pharmaceuticals and

€0.1 billion at the enabling functions. They mainly comprised receivables from Group companies
(€1.3 billion) as in the previous year (€1.8 billion). Among the current asset items, receivables from
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report
5.3 Forecast, Opportunities and Risks for Bayer AG

subsidiaries showed the largest change from the prior year, rising by €4.6 billion to €6.4 billion
(2018: €1.8 billion), primarily due to an increase in intra-Group financing. Receivables from
subsidiaries accounted for 7.6% (2018: 2.2%) of total assets. The other receivables reflected in
current assets (including deferred charges) increased by €0.5 billion to €1.0 billion (2018:

€0.5 billion), principally because of short-term claims for capital gains tax on dividends received
from subsidiaries. Cash and cash equivalents, which exclusively comprised bank deposits,
declined by €0.4 billion in 2019 to €2.8 billion (2018: €3.2 billion).

Bayer AG had equity of €33.6 billion (2018: €27.7 billion); thus 39.7% (2018: 33.1%) of total
assets were financed by equity. The €5.9 billion increase in equity resulted from the net income of
€4,557 million and the equity inflow of €3,998 million from the conversion of the mandatory
convertible notes issued in 2016 by our subsidiary Bayer Capital Corporation N.V., Netherlands,
into Bayer AG shares. On the other hand, equity was diminished by the dividend payment of
€2,611 million for 2018.

Total provisions rose by €0.1 billion to €3.2 billion. Pension provisions, at €1.0 billion, were

€0.1 billion lower than at the beginning of the year. Allocations of €610 million, including

€334 million due to the change in the discount rate, were more than offset by the combination of
a €496 million decrease due to higher fund assets and a €263 million decrease resulting from
benefit payments. Provisions for taxes also declined by €0.1 billion and amounted to €0.4 billion
on the closing date. Miscellaneous provisions, however, rose by €0.3 billion against the previous
year, to €1.9 billion. This increase was driven by allocations of a net €221 million to provisions for
ongoing restructuring programs.

Liabilities (including deferred income) — net of deductible receivables — receded by €4.9 billion to
€47.7 billion. Gross of deductible receivables, however, there was a much smaller decrease of
€0.1 billion. The decline in liabilities was mainly due to a €0.3 billion reduction in operating
liabilities to Group companies and a €0.2 billion decrease in trade accounts payable. Financial
debt, on the other hand, rose by €0.4 billion. Intra-Group financial debt increased by €1.4 billion
to €41.5 billion, while liabilities to banks and to other third-party financial creditors were reduced
by €0.9 billion to €3.3 billion and by €0.1 billion to €0.1 billion, respectively. Debt in the form of
bonds was level with the prior year at €6.3 billion. Gross financial debt as of the closing date
amounted to €51.1 billion (2018: €50.7 billion). After deduction of cash and cash equivalents of
€2.8 billion (2018: €3.2 billion), net debt rose by €0.8 billion to €48.4 billion (2018: €47.6 billion).

5.3 Forecast, Opportunities and Risks for Bayer AG

Bayer AG is largely exposed to the same opportunities and risks as the Bayer Group, which is
why reference is made to the corresponding chapters in this Annual Report.

For Bayer AG we expect sales of approximately €15 billion and an operating loss in the region of
€1.2 billion in 2020. These figures include Bayer AG’s own operational business and the
businesses leased from Bayer Pharma AG and Bayer CropScience AG. In addition, the earnings of
most German subsidiaries are transferred directly to Bayer AG under profit and loss transfer
agreements. Also, specific intra-Group dividend measures ensure the availability of sufficient
distributable income. On account of the interdependencies between Bayer AG and its
subsidiaries, the outlook for the Bayer Group thus largely also reflects the expectations for Bayer
AG. In the coming year we again expect Bayer AG to report a distributable profit that will enable
our stockholders to adequately participate in the Bayer Group’s earnings.

/ 133
Bayer Annual Report 2019 A Combined Management Report 134
5.4 Nonfinancial and Other Disclosures by Bayer AG

5.4 Nonfinancial and Other Disclosures by Bayer AG

Due to the importance of Bayer AG within the Bayer Group, further disclosures are required. This
pertains especially to the reporting of significant nonfinancial information, which also became
mandatory for the parent company Bayer AG as a result of the CSR Directive Implementation Act,
which came into effect in 2017.

The integrated presentation was selected in the management report for the nonfinancial statement
to be issued in 2019 pursuant to Section 289b through e of the German Commercial Code (HGB).
All disclosures, provisions, described processes and key data contained in the preceding
statements in the management report apply to the Bayer Group including Bayer AG. No additional
aspects were identified pursuant to the CSR Directive Implementation Act that apply exclusively to
Bayer AG.

The following table contains significant nonfinancial and other key data of Bayer AG.

A5.4/1
Significant Nonfinancial and Other Key Data of Bayer AG
2018 2019
R&D expenses (€ million) 2,331 2,131
Employees! 17,276 17,614
Employees by function!
Production 9,188 9,417
Marketing and distribution 887 976
R&D 5,368 5,211
Administration 1,833 2,010
Employees by gender’
Women 6,241 6,439
Men 11,035 11,175
Personnel expenses (€ million) 2,571 2,512
Pension obligations? (€ million) 4,514 4,900
Short-term incentive program (€ million) 277 238
Procurement spend (€ million) 4.2 3.6
Safety
Recordable Incident Rate (RIR) 0.50 0.52
Lost Time Recordable Incident Rate (LTRIR) 0.37 0.38
Process Safety Incident Rate (PSI-R)® - 0.25
Environmental protection
Total energy consumption (terajoules) 7,239 6,565
Total greenhouse gas emissions (million metric tons of COz2 equivalents) 0.55 0.46
Water use (million cubic meters) 4.92 5.46
Total waste generated (1,000 metric tons) 268 270

' Full-time equivalents as of 31st December 2019

? Defined benefit obligation

$ In 2019, we changed over to the reporting criteria of the International Council of Chemical Associations (ICCA) and now report the
discharge of chemical substances or utilities as Process Safety Incidents (PSI). Previously we reported according to the criteria of
the European Chemical Association (CEFIC).
