

--- Page 1 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Summary management report
for fiscal year 2018/19

CARL ZEISS MEDITEC GROUP
Group structure

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group (hereinafter the Company, the Group) is a global company headquartered in
Jena, Germany, with additional subsidiaries in and outside of Germany. Carl Zeiss Meditec AG is the parent
company of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group and is listed in the MDAX and TecDAX on the German Stock
Exchange.

The results of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG are influenced to a large extent by its subsidiaries, and the development
of its business is generally subject to the same opportunities and risks as the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group.

The outlook for the Group also largely mirrors the expectations for Carl Zeiss Meditec AG, due to the links
between Carl Zeiss Meditec AG and its subsidiaries and due to the importance of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG
within the Group. Therefore, for the purposes of a more compact presentation, the business development
of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG and the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group have been presented as a summary management
report since fiscal year 2015/16. Major investments of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group as of 30 September 2019
are presented in the chart below:

Shareholder structure of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group as of 30 September 2019

Carl Zeiss Meditec AG

100% 100% 100% 51% 100% 100%
Carl Zeiss Meditec Asset Carl Zeiss Meditec Carl Zeiss Meditec Carl Zeiss Meditec Carl Zeiss Meditec, Inc. Carl Zeiss Meditec
Management Verwal- (Guangzhou) Ltd Iberia S.A. Co. Ltd. Dublin, CA, USA Medikal Céziimler
tungsgesellschaft mbH Guangzhou, China Tres Cantos, Spain Tokyo, Japan Ticaret ve Sanayi A.S.
Jena, Germany Ankara, Turkey
100% 100% 100% 100%
Atlantic S.A.S. Carl Zeiss Meditec Carl Zeiss Meditec Carl Zeiss Meditec
|__ Périgny/La Rochelle,  —____S.A.S. France S.A.S. |__ Digital
France Périgny/La Rochelle, Marly-le-Roi, France Innovations LLC
France Temple, Texas, USA
100% 100% 100% 52%
Carl Zeiss Meditec France Chirurgie Additional Ophthalmic Laser
|__ Vertriebsgesellschaft |__ Instrumentation S.A.S. subsidiaries |__ Engines LLC
mbH Paris, France Lafayette, CO, USA

28

Oberkochen, Germany

100% 100%
HYALTECH Ltd. Carl Zeiss Meditec
L__ Livingston, Production LLC
United Kingdom |__ Ontario, CA, USA
100 %
Carl Zeiss Meditec
'_ Cataract Technology,
Inc.

Reno, Nevada, USA.


--- Page 2 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

The following significant changes were made to the Group's reporting entity and the structure of its con-
solidated financial statements in fiscal year 2018/19: On 22 October 2018, Carl Zeiss Meditec signed an
agreement to acquire lanTECH, Inc. This company is domiciled in Reno, Nevada, USA and is a privately owned
company that specializes in consumables for cataract surgery. The transaction agreement was concluded on
14 December 2018. lanTECH, Inc. was simultaneously renamed Carl Zeiss Meditec Cataract Technology, Inc.
Carl Zeiss Meditec Cataract Technology, Inc. is to be integrated into the strategic business unit Ophthalmic
Devices. This acquisition is an important strategic step for the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group in terms of its techno-
logical position in cataract surgery.

Markets

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group has operations all over the world. With its headquarters in Jena (Germany) and
additional plants and subsidiaries in Germany, France, Spain, the USA and Japan, the Company has a direct
presence in the world’s most important medical technology markets. In addition, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group
utilizes the strong global distribution network of the ZEISS Group, with around 60 sales and service locations
and more than 30 production sites. This ensures the Company customer proximity and gives it a crucial
advantage over international rivals. Aside from its own research and development locations, the Carl Zeiss
Meditec Group also has access to the expertise of the ZEISS Group. Of the around 25 research and development
locations of the ZEISS Group worldwide, China and India, in particular, are important research centers. They
offer the possibility of working with the customers on site, in order to gain a comprehensive understanding of
the market and develop specific products that are tailored to market requirements.

Organization and business activity

The field of activity of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group is essentially divided into two main areas in which the
Company operates: Ophthalmology and Microsurgery. In order to ensure a strong customer focus, as well as
one-stop, end-to-end solutions, this distinction is also reflected in our strategic business units (SBUs).
Business operations are summarized according to similar areas of application and customer groups in both
the Ophthalmic Devices (OPT) SBU and the Microsurgery (MCS) SBU.

Ophthalmic Devices
Conditions such as ametropia (refraction), cataracts, glaucoma and retinal disorders, the incidence of which
particularly increases with age and can become chronic in many cases, are treated in ophthalmology.

In the Ophthalmic Devices strategic business unit the Company offers a comprehensive portfolio of products
and solutions for the diagnosis and treatment of eye diseases, as well as systems and consumables for cataract,
retinal and refractive surgery. Customers here are both practicing ophthalmologists and optometrists, as well
as physicians and surgeons in hospitals and outpatient surgery centers.

In the area of ophthalmology, the Company offers an almost comprehensive range of products for investi-
gating all clinical conditions and for surgical therapy. In the field of diagnostics, these are devices for general
ophthalmological examinations (slit lamps, refractometers, tonometers), devices for examining the retina
(optical coherence tomography (OCT), fundus cameras), as well as functional diagnostics equipment
(perimeters). Digital products for the efficient organization of clinical workflows and for the storage and
evaluation of clinical data complement the product range. The offering for surgical therapy (particularly for
cataracts) includes, among other things, ophthalmic surgery microscopes, biometers and phacoemulsification/
vitrectomy devices. The broadly diversified portfolio of microincision-capable intraocular lenses (IOL) extends
from the standard (monofocal lenses) to the premium segment (e.g. toric multifocal lenses). The OR work-
station is further completed by software-based assistance systems such as CALLISTO eye®, to assist with the

29


--- Page 3 ---

30

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

implantation of toric intraocular lenses. Surgeons can further increase their efficiency with systems that are
precisely tailored to the surgeon's workflow and integrated with each other. One example of this is the
ZEISS Cataract Suite markerless.

The product portfolio in the area of refractive surgery primarily includes systems and consumables for
refractive surgery. This includes the ReLEx SMILE® solution, a particularly gentle treatment method using a
minimally invasive procedure.

Microsurgery

In the Microsurgery strategic business unit ZEISS provides visualization solutions for minimally invasive
surgical treatments. The state-of-the-art surgical microscopes for neurosurgery are essential tools that

are used, for example, in the surgical treatment of tumors or vascular conditions, such as aneurysms. The
KINEVO® 900, a robotic visualization system for neurosurgeons, is one good example of how physicians are
supported by ZEISS when streamlining their workflows. Other key areas include ear, nose and throat (ENT),
plastic and reconstructive (P&R) and dental and spinal surgery. Innovative add-on functions, such as cutting-
edge video technologies, 3D imaging or intraoperative fluorescence options, offer the physician support

for complex treatments. During the procedure, diagnostic data and information can be provided to the
physician in the eyepiece or on monitors.

Group strategy

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group's strategy is to achieve sustainable and profitable growth as market and
technology leader in the field of ophthalmology and microsurgery. The product range improves the treat-
ment result and reduces treatment costs through efficient and effective approaches, and thus contributes to
medical progress. Key success factors are: customer focus, innovation and integrated solutions for diagnosis
and treatment

Customer focus

Customers of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group are facing major challenges in managing rising patient numbers,
limited public funding and more demanding expectations of the treatment outcome. Integrated products
and solutions can help customers to streamline workflows and cut costs. One example of this is the provision
of clinical decision-making aids to the physician and possibilities to easily outsource routine tasks to medical
support staff. Digitalization provides major opportunities in this respect, including in the area of data
management solutions. A key prerequisite for the long-term success of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group is a deep
understanding of the challenges facing doctors and a service offering that is tailored to overcoming these
challenges.

Innovation

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group strives to make cutting-edge technology in medical application accessible for
practitioners and patients and to establish new benchmarks (gold standards) in diagnostics and therapy.
Close collaboration with customers and continuously high investments in research and development (F&E)
secure the Company's technological leadership

Integrated solutions

The logical networking of devices and systems in the practice or clinic plays an important role, giving customers
the opportunity to make their workflows more efficient, and to improve clinical outcomes through integrated
availability and evaluation of the data. Comprehensive system integration, including IT-assisted analysis
functions, is a key prerequisite for this.


--- Page 4 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Corporate governance

The central governing bodies within the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group are the Management Board and the
Executive Committee. The Executive Committee is formed from the members of the Management Board of
Carl Zeiss Meditec AG, the heads of the two strategic business units Ophthalmic Devices and Microsurgery
and the Head of Digital Transformation & Digital Innovation. The management levels below the Executive
Committee perform their management responsibilities in accordance with the organizational structure across
regions and company locations. Cross-organizational functions, such as Finance, Communications or Human
Resources, for example, are managed centrally. The strategies and projects are implemented locally at the
country organizations in accordance with the respective prevailing laws, rules of procedure and bylaws, and
the applicable corporate values and principles.

As a company of the ZEISS Group, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group is also subject to the global Code of Conduct.
This stipulates the general rules of good and fair conduct in competition and when dealing with our employees
and customers. This Code of Conduct sets out the fundamental ethical principles of good conduct and values
which govern the actions of both management and employees in their day-to-day work at the Company.

Corporate management

The consistent implementation of the Group strategy ensures a long-term increase in value. A comprehensive
system of indicators serves as an instrument for the financial management of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group.
The greatest importance is attached to Economic Value Added® (EVA®)’, Free Cash Flow (FCF), the EBIT margin
and revenue growth. These control ratios define the balance between growth, profitability and financial
power, upon which sustainable growth of the Company is built. These characteristics are therefore defined
as control variables. These are supplemented by strategic measures and projects in the areas of customer
excellence, people/performance culture and operational excellence.

BUSINESS REPORT
Underlying conditions for business development

Macroeconomic environment

Growth of the global economy slowed considerably in the reporting period. Market growth in the indus-
trialized nations in fiscal year 2018/19 was poorer than originally forecast. The USA boosted growth, while
economic growth in the EU slowed significantly. The dynamic markets in Asia were once again a driver of the
global economy, in spite of a loss of growth momentum there. Growth impetus from China was also weaker.
There was a significant slowdown in economic growth in Latin America.?

? Calculation: EVA® = operating result (EBIT) after taxes minus capital costs of €65.1m for 2018/19 (calculation of capital costs: average
committed business assets 2018/2019 (€857.0m) multiplied by capital cost rate 2018/2019 (7.6 %))

® Calculation Free Cash Flow: FCF = EBIT +/- changes in trade receivables +/- changes in inventories, including advance payments +/- changes
in provisions (excluding provisions for pensions and tax provisions) +/- changes in current accrued liabilities 4/- changes in trade payables
+ change in advance payments received 4/- leasing liabilities IFRS 16 (not included in 2017/18) — increase in investments in property, plant
and equipment and intangible assets + write down of investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets ~ acquisition of

* International Monetary Fund, “World Economic Outlook", October 2019, Washington D.C.shareholdings.

31


--- Page 5 ---

32

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Future situation in the medical technology industry

The Company sees medical technology as a steadily growing industry in the medium to long term. Growth
drivers are medical progress, the aging population due to demographic development and global population
growth. A distinction should be made here between western industrialized nations and growth markets.
While rising per capita income is increasing the demand for basic medical care in rapidly growing economies,
the willingness of people in the western regions to take advantage of better-quality services is also increasing
Furthermore, the Company expects the number of patients suffering from age-related illnesses to rise contin-
uously. At the same time, it is anticipated that the need for comprehensive, high-quality health care will also
increase. This is due to ever-growing patient demands and an increasing willingness to use premium services
as a self-paying patient. At the same time, the cost pressure in the health care systems is providing for price-
driven competition. In terms of product development and licensing, increasing regulation and varying regional
regulatory requirements are posing growing challenges. Equally high are the requirements for manufacturers
and for products and solutions that both increase workflow efficiency for customers and offer more effective
treatment methods for patients.

Further growth can be anticipated in the long term, both in microsurgery and in ophthalmology, as the
demand for diagnostic and therapeutic devices and systems and for implants and consumables will increase
further due to rising numbers of cases.

a) Market for ophthalmic products

The market for ophthalmic products in the broader sense includes devices and systems for the diagnosis,
treatment and post-treatment of eye diseases, implants for ophthalmic surgery and ophthalmic pharmaceu-
ticals, contact lenses, contact lens care products, consumables — with the exception of glasses and glasses
frames. According to the Company's estimates, the market had a global volume of around US$42.7b (about
€35.9b)'° in 2018. The Company's product range includes devices and systems, implants, consumables

and instruments for ophthalmology and ophthalmic surgery. According to the Company's estimates, these
sub-markets had a volume of around US$11.5b (around €9.6b") in 2018. Based on this, the Company
estimates its market share in 2018 to be around 10 % and therefore sees itself behind the ophthalmic surgery
businesses of Alcon and Johnson & Johnson Vision as the third-largest supplier worldwide in this market.

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group expects the market for ophthalmic products to continue to grow in the medium
term, irrespective of year-to-year fluctuations.

Overall, based on the information at hand, the Company expects to see an increase in its market share in the
product segments it addresses compared with the prior year.

b) Market for microsurgery products

Besides ophthalmology, the Company also operates in the market for microsurgery, particularly in the field of
neuro/ENT surgery. The overall neuro/ENT surgery market is divided into three product segments: "Implants",
"Surgical instruments" and "Visualization". In the "Visualization" product segment served by the Company,

a distinction can be made between the sub-segments "Surgical Microscopes" and "Other Visualization".
According to the Company's estimates, this product segment had a total volume of around US$1.9b in 2018
(around €1.7b'°). With an estimated market share of over 20 %, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group is one of the
largest suppliers in this area and the clear market leader in the “Surgical Microscopes” sub-segment.

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group expects the market for microsurgical products to continue to grow in the
medium term, irrespective of year-to-year fluctuations.

1 At average rate for fiscal year 2017/18 (€1 = US$1.1281)


--- Page 6 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Overall assertion on the financial position of Carl Zeiss Meditec Group
at the end of the fiscal year

With revenue of €1,459.3m (prior year: €1,280.9m) and growth of 13.9 %, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group
significantly exceeded the forecast range of €1,350m to €1,420m for fiscal year 2018/19. Both strategic business
units contributed to this positive development of revenue, as did all regions, with the highest contributions
coming from the regions Asia/Pacific (APAC) and Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA).

The Ophthalmic Devices SBU achieved revenue of €1,068.6m (prior year: €933.3m), equating to growth of
14.5 % (adjusted for currency effects: 12.4 %), thus significantly exceeding market growth, which is estimated
to be in the low to mid-single-digit percentage range. The main contributors to this increase were a strong
refractive laser business and the strong demand in Surgical Ophthalmology. The Ophthalmic Diagnostics
segment also grew.

The Microsurgery SBU generated revenue of €390.7m (prior year: €347.6m), thus growing by 12.4 %
(adjusted for currency effects: 9.7 %) compared with the prior year. Once again, therefore, the strategic
business unit exceeded market growth significantly, which was estimated to be at least in the mid-single-digit
percentage range, and continued to extend its leading market position. Sales of the new visualization system
KINEVO® 900 in neurosurgery, in particular, continued to develop well.

Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) increased to €264.7m (prior year: €197.1m). Relative to revenue, the
Carl Zeiss Meditec Group achieved an EBIT margin of 18.1 % (prior year: 15.4 %), and thus also surpassed the
expected forecast range of 15.0 % to 17.5 %, which has been posted in the six-month report 2018/19. The
positive development of the EBIT margin is attributable, among other things, to a more favorable product mix
with a high proportion of recurring revenue.

The EBIT margin in the strategic business unit Ophthalmic Devices increased due to a favorable development
of the product mix resulting from a higher proportion of consumables compared with the prior year, but
remained below the Group average, as expected. The EBIT margin of strategic business Microsurgery increased,
due, among other things, to a strong sales trend in the Neurosurgery segment, and remained above the
Group average, as expected.

As a result of the strong development of earnings, cash flows from operating activities were significantly
higher in fiscal year 2018/19 compared with the prior year, at €219.6m (prior year: €187.2m).

Free cash flow amounted to €236.6m (prior year: €195.6m) in fiscal year 2018/19). EVA® rose to €120.5m,
compared with €74.4m in the prior year.

In order to maintain its innovative strength and ensure future growth, the Company has up to now invested
around at least 12 % of its revenue each year in research and development, as budgeted. In fiscal year
2018/19, R&D spending amounted to 11.9 % of revenue (prior year: 12.5 %).

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group's financial position remained stable. This is also contributing towards the

achievement of corporate objectives, which are geared to sustainable growth, and gives the Company
additional stability.

33


--- Page 7 ---

34

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Comparison of actual business development with forecast development in fiscal year 2018/19

Results Forecast
2018/19 2018/19
Revenue of Carl Zeiss Meditec Group €1.459.3m €1.350m - 1.420m
Ophthalmic Devices Revenue growth 145% Growth at least in low to mid-single-digit
percentage range
Microsurgery Revenue growth 124% Growth at least in mid-single-digit
percentage range
EBIT margin 18.1% 15.0% to 17.5 %
Cash flows from operating activities €219.6m At least low three-digit million amount
Research and development expenses/revenue 11.9% 11%- 12%
Free cash flow (FCF) €236.6m At least high double-digit million amount
Economic Value Added® (EVA®) €120.5m At similar level to prior year (2017/18)
Results of operations
Presentation of results of operations
Summary of key ratios in the consolidated income statement
figures in €m, unless otherwise stated
2018/19 2017/18 Change
Revenue 1,459.3 1,280.9 $13.9 %
Gross margin 57.0% 55.5% +1.5% pts
EBITDA 313.0 228.4 437.0 %
EBITDA margin 21.5% 17.8% +3.7% pts
EBIT 264.7 197.1 $34.3 %
EBIT margin 18.1% 15.4% +2.7% pts
Earnings before income taxes 229.9 179.2 $28.3 %
Tax rate 30.1% 26.9% +3.2% pts
Consolidated profit after non-controlling interests 159.8 126.5 $26.3 %
Earnings per share after non-controlling interests €1.79 €1.41 $26.3 %

Revenue

In fiscal year 2018/19, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group increased its revenue significantly by 13.9 %, to
€1,459.3m (prior year: €1,280.9m), thus exceeding its forecast range of €1,350m - €1,420m. Adjusted for
currency effects, this growth amounted to 11.7 %. Both strategic business units contributed, as did all
regions, although the strongest growth rates were achieved in the APAC and EMEA regions.

Revenue of Carl Zeiss Meditec Group in €m/growth in %

2018/19 1,459.3/13.9 %
2017/18 1,280.9/7.6 %
2016/17 1,189.9/9.3 %


--- Page 8 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

a) Revenue by strategic business unit

The strategic business unit Ophthalmic Devices accounted for almost three quarters (73.2 %) of the
Carl Zeiss Meditec Group's total revenue in the fiscal year under review (prior year: 72.9 %). The strategic
business unit Microsurgery generated 26.8 % (prior year: 27.1 %) of total revenue.

Share of strategic business units in revenue of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group in fiscal year 2018/19

Ophthalmic Devices 73.2%

Microsurgery 26.8 %

Revenue of the SBU Opthalmic Devices was significantly higher compared with the prior year, increasing by
14.5 % to €1,068.6m (prior year: €933.3m). Adjusted for currency effects, this strategic business unit grew by
12.4%

Once again, the refractive lasers business proved to be a growth driver, benefiting in particular from high
levels of procedure-dependent revenue, as well as good demand in Surgical Ophthalmology. The segment for
devices and systems for diagnostics also made a positive contribution to the development of revenue

Revenue from consumables, implants and services (recurring revenue), increased further in fiscal year
2018/19. The proportion of recurring revenue in the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group’s total revenue amounted to
33.9 % for fiscal year 2018/19 (prior year: 33.5 %).

The Microsurgery SBU also achieved double-digit revenue growth of 12.4 %, to €390.7m (prior year: €347.6m).
Adjusted for currency effects, the strategic business unit grew by 9.7 %. Sales of the new KINEVO® 900
visualization system in neurosurgery, in particular, continued to develop well.

Revenue by strategic business unit

2018/19 2017/18 Change in %

‘Adjusted for currency

€m €m effects

Ophthalmic Devices 1,068.6 933.2 414.5, 412.4
Microsurgery 390.7 347.6 412.4 49.7
Carl Zeiss Meditec Group 1,459.3 1,280.9 +13.9 411.7

35


--- Page 9 ---

36

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

b) Revenue by region

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group has a very balanced range of business activities worldwide. Due to the strong
development of revenue in the APAC region in fiscal year 2018/19, the APAC region now accounts for

41.1 % (prior year: 38.7 %) of total revenue. The EMEA region accounted for 28.6 % (prior year: 29.5 %) of
total revenue, while the Americas region accounted for 30.3 % (prior year: 31.8 %) of total revenue.

Share of the regions in revenue of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group in fiscal year 2018/19

EMEA 28.6 %
Americas 30.3 %

APAC 41.1% |

Revenue in the EMEA region increased by 10.3 %, from €378.1m to €417.1m. Adjusted for currency effects,
this growth amounted to 10.7 %. Good growth was achieved in all core markets, including Germany, France
and the UK.

The Americas region also performed well. Revenue increased by 8.9 %, to €442.5m (prior year: €406.5m)
Adjusted for currency effects, this growth amounted to 3.9 %. Growth in the USA, in particular, accelerated
towards the end of the fiscal year.

The APAC region made the greatest contributions to growth, with an increase of 20.8 % to €599.7m (prior
year: €496.3m). Adjusted for currency effects, growth was of a similar magnitude, at 19.0 %. Once again,
China proved to be the strongest growth driver. Japan also performed well

Revenue of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group by region

2018/19 2017/18 Change in %

‘Adjusted for currency

€m €m effects

EMEA 417.1 378.1 +10.3 410.7
Americas 442.5 406.5 48.9 $3.9
APAC 599.7 496.3 420.8 +19.0
Carl Zeiss Meditec Group 1,459.3 1,280.9 +13.9 411.7

Gross profit

In fiscal year 2018/19, gross profit increased from €710.4m to €831.9m. The gross margin for the reporting
period was to 57.0 % (prior year: 55.5 %). This was primarily attributable to a more favorable product mix
with a higher proportion of case-number-dependent business, particularly in the strategic business unit
Ophthalmic Devices, as well as a strong demand for products for neurosurgery from the Microsurgery SBU.


--- Page 10 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Functional costs

Functional costs increased to €567.2m in the year under review, due to the strong sales performance (prior
year: €513.3m). This 10.5 % increase thus remained slightly below the increase in revenue. The share of
functional costs in revenue declined to 38.9 % compared, with 40.1 % in the year-ago period.

» Selling and marketing expenses: In the fiscal year under review, selling and marketing expenses increased
from €303.8m to €336.2m. This equates to an increase of 10.7 %
Relative to revenue, however, selling and marketing expenses were 0.7 percentage points lower than in the
prior year, at 23.0 % (prior year: 23.7 %).

» General administrative expenses: Expenses in this area increased by 15.8 %, to €57.7m (prior year: €49.8m).
In relation to revenue, the share of general administrative expenses remained largely stable compared with
the prior year, at 4.0 % (prior year: 3.9 %)

» Research and development expenses: The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group continuously invests in R&D, in order
to further develop its product portfolio and ensure further growth. R&D expenses increased by 8.6 % in the
reporting period, to €173.3m (prior year: €159.6m). At 11.9 %, the R&D ratio was between 11 % and 12 %,
as expected, and slightly lower than in the prior year (prior year: 12.5 %).

Development of earnings

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group uses earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT = operating result) as a key perfor-
mance indicator. The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group increased its earnings before interest and taxes to €264.7m in
the reporting period (prior year: €197.1m). The EBIT margin rose to 18.1 %, compared with 15.4 % the prior
year.

EBIT in €m/EBIT margin in %

2018/19 264.7181 %o
2017/18 197.1/15.4 %
2016/17 180.8/15.2 %

EBIT in fiscal year 2018/19 included negative effects due to write-downs from purchase price allocations
(PPA), to the volume of €5.1m.

Overview of effects of purchase price allocations included in EBIT

2018/19 2017/18 Change

€m em in %

EBIT 264.7 197.1 434.3
Effects of purchase price allocations"’ (5.1) (3.6)

Total effects (5.1) (3.6) -

In the SBU Ophthalmic Devices, the EBIT margin increased mainly as a result of a more favorable product
mix with a higher proportion of case-number-dependent revenue. It remained below the EBIT margin for the
Company as a whole. The EBIT margin in the strategic strategic business unit Microsurgery also increased
This was primarily attributable to a good sales performance in the Neurosurgery segment.

"" Write-downs on intangible assets arose from the purchase price allocations (PPA), mainly in connection with the acquisitions of lanTECH, Inc
in fiscal year 2018/19 and Aaren Scientific Inc. in fiscal year 2013/14.

37


--- Page 11 ---

38

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) amounted to €313.0m for the past
fiscal year (prior year: €228.4m). The EBITDA margin increased year-on-year, to 21.5 % (prior year: 17.8 %).

The balance of interest income and interest expenses amounted to €-5.9m in the reporting period (prior year
€-1.1m). This includes scheduled charges in connection with the acquisition of lanTECH, Inc.

Currency effects arose within the financial result as of 30 September 2019 as a result of hedges, primarily in
the form of unrealized foreign currency gains in the amount of €-28.6m (prior year: currency effects totaling
€-19.4m).

The tax rate for the reporting period was 30.1 % (prior year: 29.6 %). As a general rule, an average annual
tax rate of slightly above 30 % is assumed.

Consolidated profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company amounted to €159.8m in fiscal year

2018/19, thus increasing by 26.3 % year-on-year (prior year: €126.5m). Non-controlling interests accounted
for €0.8m (prior year: €-0.2m). In fiscal year 2018/19, basic earnings per share of the parent company amount
to €1.79 (prior year: €1.41).

Financial position

Objectives and principles of financial management
A key objective of the financial management of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group is to safeguard liquidity and
increase this efficiently throughout the Group.

For the Group, operative business is the main source of liquidity for the individual business units, which is also
reflected in its strategic orientation and financial activities. The Company therefore operates a global financial
management system that encompasses all of its subsidiaries and is centrally organized at Group level. The
Company also strives to continuously improve its financial power and reduce financial risks by keeping a
constant check on the solvency of its debtors, which also involves the use of financial instruments

The Company deposits any liquidity it does not require at normal market conditions with the treasury of ZEISS
Group. When investing surplus liquidity, short-term availability generally comes before the goal of maximizing
earnings, so that funds can be accessed quickly if, for example, acquisition opportunities arise. The Carl Zeiss
Meditec Group has production plants in the USA and Europe. This means that the influence of exchange
rate fluctuations can be reduced. The remaining currency risk is hedged by simple futures trading. Details on
this can be found in the notes to the consolidated financial statements under “(2) (h) Financial instruments”,
“(26) Additional disclosures on financial instruments”, “(36) Financial risk management”, “(2) (t)” and

(34) Related party disclosures” and in the annual financial statements of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG under

5 “Information and explanatory notes on accounting and valuation principles”, paragraph “Derivative financial
instruments” and 9 “Receivables from affiliated companies”.


--- Page 12 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Financial management
The ratio of borrowed capital to equity amounts to 42.7 % as of 30 September 2019 (prior year: 26.4 %).

The Group's dynamic gearing ratio was -0.3 years for fiscal year 2018/19 (prior year: -1.7 years)'?.

The interest coverage ratio, i.e., the coverage of interest income by the operating result before depreciation
and amortization (EBITDA), amounted to 48.8 (prior year: 136.0).

Cash inflows generated from operating activities provide another important source of financing for the
Carl Zeiss Meditec Group. Furthermore, the Company has the option to assume loans, either from treasury
of ZEISS Group or from banks

For further information on the financial liabilities of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group please refer to note

"(23) Non-current financial liabilities", "(24) Current accrued liabilities" and "(25) Other current non-financial
liabilities" in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements and in the annual financial
statements of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG in sections 9 “Receivables from affiliated companies” and 17 “Liabilities”.

As the Group possesses sufficient cash funds to finance its operating and strategic objectives, changes in
credit conditions do not currently have any material effect on its financial position.

Separate reporting on financial instruments

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group is exposed to currency fluctuation risks, due to its international business activities
in numerous different currencies. Significant currency risks are hedged against with hedging transactions,
based on a rolling business plan.

Hedges are mainly transacted centrally by Carl Zeiss Financial Services GmbH. The services provided by

Carl Zeiss Financial Services GmbH to Carl Zeiss Meditec AG and its subsidiaries are regulated by corresponding
general agreements. The hedges are processed by Carl Zeiss Financial Services GmbH with external business
banks. Hedges are entered into solely via banks with high credit ratings given by leading agencies. The
business transactions are executed with strict separation of functions between the front office (trade), middle
office (financial risk management, controlling) and back office (processing, documentation).

Value-at-risk analyses, together with scenario, sensitivity and stress test analyses, are implemented in risk
control and monitoring, to quantify the currency risks. Hedging rates are specified for operative control of
all relevant currencies. Limits were defined to limit risks relating to contracting parties and transaction types.
Derivative financial instruments are not used for speculative purposes.

Statement of cash flows

Carl Zeiss Meditec Group's statement of cash flows shows the origins and utilization of the cash flows during
a fiscal year. A distinction is made between cash flows from operating activities and cash flows from investing
and financing activities.

Changes in individual items in the income statement and the statement of financial position are recorded in
the statement of cash flows. In contrast, the consolidated statement of financial position presents the figures
as they stood at the end of the reporting period on 30 September 2019. As a result, the statements in the
analysis of the financial position may differ from the presentation of net assets based on the consolidated
statement of financial position.

” Calculation: borrowings excluding non-controlling interests, less cash and cash equivalents and less treasury receivables/cash flows from
operating activities.

39


--- Page 13 ---

40

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Summary of key ratios in the statement of cash flows, in €m

@ 2018/19 2017/18

Cash flow from operating 219.6 |
activities 187.2

Cash flows from investing “145.8 Es

activities -28.9

Cash flows from financing “58.6 a

activities “157.2

Change in cash and cash 16.0 =

equivalents 28

Cash flow from operating activities achieved €219.6m in the fiscal year under review (prior year: €187.2m).
The significant increase is primarily due to the positive development of the operating result. Due to the strong
development of revenue, trade receivables increased at a higher rate than in the prior year, which had a
curbing effect on cash flows from operating activities. Inventories increased on a par with the prior year in the
reporting period.

Cash flow from investing activities amounted to €-145.8m in fiscal year 2018/19 (prior year: €-28.9m). The
higher cash outflow in fiscal year 2018/19 was mainly due to the acquisition of lanTECH, Inc.

Cash flow from financing activities amounted to €-58.6m in the fiscal year under review (prior year:
€-157.2m). As a result of the newly applicable IFRS 16 (Leases) there was a increase in liabilities from finance
leases, which reduced cash flows from financing activities

Free cash flow increased to €236.6m in fiscal year 2018/19 (prior year: €195.6m). Net cash’? in the past
fiscal year amounted to €677.8m (prior year: €670.0m).

Investment and depreciation policy

Continuous investments are required to further consolidate the Company's market position in the medical
technology sector and strengthen its leading market position. A distinction is made between two types of
investment: capacity expansions and replacement investments. These investments are primarily financed from
cash flow from operating activities.

The production of devices and systems at the Company is generally restricted to the integration of individual
components to create system solutions. For this reason, investments in property, plant and equipment are
comparatively low. One exception, however, is the production of intraocular lenses, which generally demands
higher investments due to a larger vertical range of manufacture.

Nevertheless, the required investment of capital in real assets is limited within the Group, which is evident
from the development of the capex ratio — the ratio of total investments" in property, plant and equipment
(cash) to consolidated revenue. In fiscal year 2018/19, it was 1.4% (prior year: 1.3 %).

Includes receivables from and liabilities to the treasury of the ZEISS Group, as defined on page 41
In fiscal year 2018/19, investments in property, plant and equipment (cash) totaled €20.3m, compared with €16.5m the prior year.


--- Page 14 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

At Carl Zeiss Meditec AG and its subsidiaries intangible assets and property, plant and equipment are subject
to scheduled, straight-line amortization and depreciation, respectively, over their estimated useful lives.
Further details on this can be found in note "(2) (f) Other intangible assets" and "(2) (g) Property, plant and
equipment" in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements and in note 6 “Fixed assets”
in the annual financial statements of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG.

Key ratios relating to financial position

Key ratios relating to financial position

30Sep 2019 30 Sep 2018 Change
Key ratio Definition €m €m in%
Cash and cash equivalents — Cash-in-hand and bank balances 22.6 67 > 100
Net cash and cash Cash-in-hand and bank balances 677.8 670.0 412
equivalents + treasury receivables from the treasury of Carl Zeiss AG
/. treasury payables to Group treasury of Carl Zeiss AG
Net working capital Current assets including financial investments 286.9 300.9 “46

J. cash and cash equivalents

/. treasury receivables from treasury of Carl Zeiss AG
/. current liabilities excl. treasury payables to Group
treasury of Carl Zeiss AG

Working capital Current assets 964.7 970.9 -0.6
J. current liabilities

Key ratio Definition 2018/19 2017/18 Change

Cash flow per share Cash flows from operating activities €2.46 €2.09 417.7%

Weighted average of shares outstanding

Capex ratio Investment (cash) in property, plant and equipment 1.4% 13% 40.1.9 pts

Revenue of Carl Zeiss Meditec Group

Net assets

Presentation of net assets
Total assets increased to €2.022.1m as of 30 September 2019 (prior year: €1.662.1m).

Structure of consolidated statement of financial position — assets in €m

Wi Current assets IE Non-current assets Goodwill
including assets held for sale (excluding goodwill)
Consolidated total 2,022.1 1,304.3 379.7 338.1
assets TT
30 Sep 2019
Consolidated total assets 1,662.1 1,251.1 225.4 185.6
30 Sep 2018 a

Non-current assets increased from €411.0m as of 30 September 2018, to €717.8m as of 30 September 2019.
This is mainly due to an increase in goodwill and intangible assets as a result of the acquisition of lanTECH,
Inc. In addition, property, plant and equipment increased as of 30 September 2019, compared with

30 September 2018, due to the early application of IFRS 16 (Leases).

41


--- Page 15 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Current assets amounted to €1,304.3m (30 September 2018: €1.251.1m).

Structure of statement of financial position - liabilities in €m
Hi Equity BH Current liabilities Non-current liabilities

Consolidated total 2,022.1 1,417.0 339.6 265.6
assets I

30 Sep 2019

Consolidated total assets 1,662.1 1,314.6 280.2 67.3

30 Sep 2018 TT

The equity recognized in the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group's statement of financial position amounts to €1,417.0m
as of 30 September 2019 (prior year: €1,314.6m). The equity ratio was 70.1 % (prior year: 79.1 %) and thus
remained high

Non-current liabilities increased to €265.6m as of 30 September 2019 (prior year: €67.3m). This was mainly
due to the increase in non-current financial liabilities as a result of the acquisition of lanTECH, Inc. and non-
current leasing liabilities due to the transition to IFRS 16 (Leases). The increase in pension obligations due to
an adjustment of the underlying interest rates also led to an increase in non-current liabilities.

As of 30 September 2019, current liabilities amounted to €339.6m (prior year: €280.2m).

Key ratios relating to net assets

Key ratios relating to net assets

30 Sep 2019 30 Sep 2018 Change
Key ratio Definition in% in % % pts
Equity ratio Equity (including non-controlling interests) 70.1 79.1 9.0

Total assets

Inventories in % of Inventories (net) 18.4 19.4 “1.0
rolling
12-month revenue" Rolling revenue
Receivables in % of Trade receivables at the end of the reporting period 22.8 233 “05
rolling (including non-current receivables)
12-month revenue" Rolling revenue

Orders on hand

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group's orders on hand amounted to €151.9m as of 30 September 2019, a decline of 0.7 %
(prior year: €152.9m)

Events of particular significance

There were no other events of particular significance during fiscal year 2018/19.

'S Revenue of the past twelve months as of the end of the reporting period (30 September 2019)


--- Page 16 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
Responsibility

Traditionally, the Company attaches great importance to commitment to the common good and the environ-
ment. Social responsibility does not just shape corporate culture internally, but also plays an important role
externally.

The sustainability management system of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group is integrated in the sustainability strategy
of the ZEISS Group.

Carl Zeiss Meditec AG therefore makes use of the option, pursuant to Section 289b (2) HGB and Section 315b
(2) HGB, to exempt itself from issuing a non-financial statement and the non-financial consolidated statement,
and refers to the separate summary non-financial report of the parent company, Carl Zeiss AG, into which
Carl Zeiss Meditec AG has been incorporated. This separate, non-financial report, which applies for the entire
ZEISS Group shall be available for inspection, in German and English, from 31 January 2020 at
www.zeiss.com/responsibility.

The ZEISS Group provides information on its further progress in the area of sustainability based on the
reporting standard of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and on the pages on sustainability online at
www.zeiss.com/responsibility.

An integral part of the corporate culture of ZEISS is social responsibility. The aim is to give people in under-
privileged regions access to state-of-the-art medical care. It is for this reason that the Company supports
many local initiatives for the community and is involved worldwide in scientific and technological research and
sustainable activities.

As sustainability is an important aspect of social commitment, the global commitment to good vision is there-
fore a focal point of the Company's social activities. One of the largest global charities working in the area
of eyesight is the Christoffel-Blindenmission (CBM), which is one of our partners. The CBM helps to improve
the lives of those with visual impairments, helps to prevent visual impairments, and breaks down barriers for
people living with visual impairments. Over the past few years, ZEISS has supported a total of five diagnostic,
therapy and training centers for ophthalmology in Indonesia, Nigeria, Tanzania, Paraguay and Sudan in
cooperation with CBM and as part of the VISION 2020 Initiative of the International Agency for the Prevention
of Blindness (IAPB), with the aim of improving medical care, also for people in underserved regions. In addition,
the center in Paraguay was extended and a training center dedicated to cataract surgery was added. This
center trains ophthalmologists in the state-of-the-art surgical technique of phacoemulsification. A similar
training center for cataract surgery was established in India in fiscal year 2018/19, to train ophthalmologists
and nursing staff nationwide in the state-of-the-art surgical technique of phacoemulsification. Besides treating
patients, these centers are about creating places where training is given on how to use modern medical
technology and put it into practice from there.

In line with the motto “Helping people to help themselves”, ZEISS also supports the ICO Fellowship Program
as a partner of the international umbrella organization for ophthalmology (International Council of Ophthal-
mology, ICO).

Using various business models, ZEISS Medical Technology would like to help provide eye care to remote
regions, such as rural areas of India, for example, thus giving more people access to state-of-the art eye
examinations.

43


--- Page 17 ---

44

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

With its VisuHealth remote health solution, ZEISS networks three eye clinics with more than forty screening
centers in India using digital technologies. This enables the early detection of diseases such as diabetic
retinopathy for people in remote regions. Since fiscal year 2015/16, over 300,000 people have already been
examined in this way.

ZEISS medical devices help to drive medical progress, optimize workflows and thus relieve the burden on
medical staff and give patients the best treatment possible. Once again in fiscal year 2018/19, many people
came into contact with medical devices from ZEISS. In particular the share of consumables, such as intraocular
lenses, for example, for the treatment of cataracts, and contact lenses for the correction of vision defects,
developed positively, and now account for more than one third of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group’s total
revenue together with service. More than 1.4 million intraocular lenses were delivered in the fiscal year under
review for the treatment of cataracts. In the same period, almost 1.3 million contact glasses were sold for
laser treatments to correct visual acuity using the Company's SMILE and LASIK technology. The number of
users of the ZEISS software solution FORUM rose to a figure of over 30,000 in more than 8,000 clinics and
practices in fiscal year 2018/19. FORUM® physicians to optimize treatment workflows and contributes to
sustainable customer retention.

Like social engagement, responsible and appropriate handling of natural resources also plays an important
role for ZEISS

ZEISS participated in CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project) for the second time in fiscal year 2018/19 and
made the answers to the questionnaire on climate change publicly visible. In addition, the main ZEISS
production plants worldwide work to the international environmental management standard ISO 14001

In December 2014 the company building in Oberkochen became the first building to be certified by the
German Sustainable Building Council (Deutsche Gesellschaft flir Nachhaltiges Bauen e.V., DGNB) in the
category "Administrative and Production Building" and awarded the gold seal. The new building was ranked
highly among all buildings constructed in Germany and inspected by the DGNB.

Employees
Highly qualified and motivated employees are a necessity for ensuring the long-term success of a company.

Responsible human resources development and continuous improvement play a crucial role in this. As of
30 September 2019, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group had 3,232 employees worldwide (prior year: 3,048).

Employees

30 Sep 2019 3232.
30 Sep 2018 3,048

30 Sep 2017 2,958

At 43 % and 32 %, respectively, the majority of employees were working in production or sales and marketing
as of 30 September 2019. This includes a total of 572 service employees, who are spread across various areas.
The percentage of employees working in research and development was 17 % at the end of the reporting
period. The percentage of employees working in the commercial segment as of 30 September 2019 was 8 %


--- Page 18 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Employees by function's 30 September 2019

Production 43%
Sales and marketing 32%
Research and development 17%

Commercial sector and management 8%

At 68 %, the majority of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group's employees were working in the EMEA region as of
30 September 2019. A total of 28 % of all the Group's employees were working in the Americas region and
4 % in the APAC region

In the APAC region, the Company mostly relies on the distribution network of the ZEISS Group.

Employees by region as of 30 September 2019

EMEA 68%
Americas 28%
APAC 4%

The global success of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group is based on the expertise and achievements of the
Company's employees. The core task of human resources management is therefore sustainable development
and targeted support of potential. The focus is particularly on the further training and education of employees,
as well as management development. There are also various courses to choose from as part of the internal
ZEISS qualification program, as well as secondary training and qualification opportunities to take advantage
of. The Company sees this as a solid foundation for long-term economic success and aims to increase its
attractiveness as an employer.

Compliance

As a company of the ZEISS Group, integrity and compliance are of paramount importance for the global
reputation of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group. A basic requirement for growth and success is having the trust
of external stakeholders and competitors in responsible, law-abiding and ethical conduct. As a company of
the ZEISS Group, Carl Zeiss Meditec AG has joined the compliance management system of Carl Zeiss AG. The
compliance management system ensures compliance with laws and regulations and adherence to internal
policies by stipulating processes and guidelines. A centralized and a decentralized approach is taken for this.
Guidelines and training documents are developed at the level of Carl Zeiss AG, which are applied at the level
of the subsidiaries (i.e., also at Carl Zeiss Meditec AG). ZEISS employees are encouraged to report any breach

* Including service employees

45


--- Page 19 ---

46

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

of the compliance requirement, or any grounds for suspicion of a breach. The notification management system
for compliance incidents guarantees the anonymity of each informant and regulates the review, documentation
and intervention in substantiated allegations. In addition, the ZEISS Code of Conduct containing the basic rules
of good and fair conduct in competition and in dealing with our employees and customers, which has applied
globally since 2007 and was updated in October 2018, is implemented. This Code of Conduct sets out the
fundamental ethical principles of good conduct and values which govern the actions of both management and
employees in their day-to-day work at the Company. Compliance was defined as an essential component of
ZEISS Policy, which every business activity must conform to.

Production

Production plants

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group manufactures its products in Jena, Oberkochen and Berlin in Germany, Dublin
and Ontario in the USA and La Rochelle in France. The Company also has a number of smaller sites in Besancon,
France, Livingston, Scotland, and Goodlands, Mauritius. Systems and devices for ophthalmology are
manufactured in Jena and Dublin. The Company manufactures microsurgical visualization solutions and
phacoemulsification systems in Oberkochen; intraocular lenses are manufactured in La Rochelle, Berlin and
Ontario. Certain product groups are manufactured by partners, who either have favorable cost structures or
special production processes, or technologies that can realize economies of scale in purchasing

Production concept

In production, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group focuses on the integration of modules and system components,
which are largely procured from external partners. In the case of intraocular lenses, however, there is a higher
vertical range of manufacture. Production of these largely takes place in-house at the Company. Only a few
specific production steps are undertaken by external companies. In order to reduce dependency on individual
suppliers, the Company continuously strives to qualify additional suppliers for key components or product
groups when selecting suppliers.

The main focus with regard to production processes is primarily on responding quickly to customer inquiries
and requirements by using short decision paths and bringing innovations quickly and efficiently into production.
Shorter throughput times and reducing inventories, while simultaneously optimizing cost of revenues and
improving product quality and delivery performance play a major role in this.

Production planning

Production planning in Jena, Oberkochen and Dublin is based on the rolling forecast method, This is done
mostly on a monthly or quarterly basis. This sales forecast is then translated into a demand forecast for
production units, taking inventory changes into account. In order to keep stocks to a minimum, system
integration is generally on a make-to-order basis.

In order to ensure uninterrupted supplies for customers in the area of refractive lasers, stocks are maintained
for consumables to cover the planned sales volume for at least three months. This is particularly important as
customers cannot use their equipment without consumables. They are therefore served from existing stocks
in accordance with the first-in-first-out principle

The rolling forecast method described above is also applied for the manufacture of intraocular lenses. As
customers expect very short delivery times for implants, limited quantities of the finished products are stock-
piled. For this purpose, replacement orders from customers are serviced from a central distribution center.
Replenishment orders are then triggered directly to these production sites, so that other customers can be
served as quickly as possible. The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group also operates consignment warehouses in clinics
and hospitals, which — depending on consumption — are continuously restocked.


--- Page 20 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Research and development

Objectives and focus of research and development
Innovations are a key driver of future growth. Research and development has therefore traditionally played a
crucial role within the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group.

The Company is committed to continuously expanding its product range and to improving products that are
already on the market. In doing so, the Company strives to establish products as new gold standards in
medical diagnostics and therapy. The focus is to make the customer's workflows more efficient by integrating
solutions, and to improve clinical results. A key element of the Company's research and development work is
close collaboration with its customers right from the early stages of product development.

In fiscal year 2018/19, research and development expenses increased by 8.6 %, to €173.3m (prior year:
€159.6m). The R&D ratio decreased in the same period compared with the prior year, to 11.9 % (prior year:
12.5 %), and is therefore within the forecast range of around 12 %. The ratio of capitalized development
costs to total research and development expenses was 6.9 % Further information can be found in Appendix.

R&D expenses in €m/Share of R&D in revenue of Carl Zeiss Meditec Group, in %

2018/19 173.3/11 9 Yo
2017/18 159.6/12.5 %
2016/17 145.8/12.3 %

In the reporting period, 17 % (prior year: 17 %) of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group's entire workforce was
working in research and development. To a certain extent, research and development services are procured
from Carl Zeiss AG, Oberkochen and its subsidiaries. In fiscal year 2018/19, the expenses incurred for this
amounted to around 9.5 % of overall research and development expenses.

Focus of research and development activities in the reporting period
Research and development at the Company mainly focuses on:

» examining new technological concepts in terms of their clinical relevance and effectiveness;

» the continuous development of the existing product portfolio;

» the development of new products and product platforms based on the available basic technologies and

» digital networking of systems and equipment to increase diagnostic and treatment efficiency and improve
treatment outcomes for patients.

Customer service

Maximum reliability and trusting cooperation at all times are the foundation of sustainable customer relation-
ships, and especially in Service.

Carl Zeiss Meditec AG strives to create added value for customers and patients with innovative products and
solutions in the medical technology field, combined with smooth and reliable customer service.

Professional customer service requires fast and easy accessibility, short response times, efficient and competent

execution of service assignments, consistently demand-driven supply of replacement parts and, not least,
professional follow-up.

47


--- Page 21 ---

48

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

A high standard in technical service ensures reliable availability of ZEISS devices at the customer, so that the
medical workflow is not disrupted and optimum use can be made of resources. Digitalization offers tremendous
opportunities to improve service quality and efficiency, for example via remote connectivity. This is the basis
for ZEISS Smart Services. ZEISS Smart Services include the remote transmission and preventive monitoring of
important device parameters. In the event of a malfunction, technical assistance can be provided quickly via
an online connection. In future, automated remote monitoring will make it possible to fix technical faults
before the user even notices them.

Particularly in the context of remote monitoring and remote intervention, cyber security plays a vital role in
ensuring both the functional safety of the medical device and the protection of patient data at all times.

Carl Zeiss Meditec AG works continuously on further developing its customer services, in order to provide
customers with the best possible support and according to their individual requirements. Customer satisfaction
and the operative performance of the Service organization are continuously measured and optimized for this
purpose.

Customer focus

Innovative and differentiated solutions in ophthalmology and microsurgery are made possible by the global
positioning of the Company, as well as its capacity for innovation and customer proximity.

Customer solutions in ophthalmology
All segments within the SBU Ophthalmic Devices reported a growth in demand in fiscal year 2018/19.

In Diagnostics, this positive development is attributable, among other things, to the product CLARUS™ 700,
which has been on the market since May 2019. This fundus camera enables ultra-widefield imaging and
records highly detailed, precise images of the retina, from the macula to the periphery. The ZEISS CLARUS
generates true-color images of the fundus, which match the natural coloring of the fundus, as it is perceived
during a clinical examination. This enables ophthalmologists to identify early signs of eye diseases faster and
more reliably. The CLARUS™ combines ultra-widefield imaging with high-resolution image quality and a full
range of fundus imaging modalities, including fundus angiography.

In September 2019, the product range for optical coherence tomography (OCT) was extended to include the
ZEISS CIRRUS 6000. This OCT device enables significant increases in efficiency for ophthalmologists. The
ZEISS CIRRUS 6000 offers high speeds and a high throughput, enabling even more patients to be examined
more quickly with improved imaging and image quality.

The new slit lamp SL 800 was also launched in September 2019. This lamp enables precise, high-contrast and
high-resolution visualization. It delivers true-color images that allow diagnostic details to be identified, and
its illumination options cater for all clinical requirements. The ZEISS SL 800 can be operating with one hand
due to an integrated tower concept, thus simplifying the user's workflow.

The demand for software solutions increased again significantly in fiscal year 2018/19. One example of this
is FORUM by ZEISS, a scalable and flexible data management system, which can be used to centrally manage
the relevant examination data. This enables fast and reliable access to clinically relevant patient data, which
simplifies the daily work of physicians and significantly increases the efficiency of ophthalmic practices. ZEISS is
continuously expanding its range of digital products. The new addition to the ZEISS Cataract Suite presented
in September at the ESCRS, the EQ-Workplace, provides surgeons with a digital solution for networking and
streamlining the workflow in refractive cataract surgery. By allowing continuous and location-independent
access to data, the EQ-Workplace enables surgeons to increase efficiency, even before surgery.


--- Page 22 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

In surgical ophthalmology, the new ZEISS ARTEVO 800 was introduced in May 2019. A digital microscope
which, with a drastically reduced level of illumination, offers a depth of field that gives visual impressions in
true color and thus greater certainty.

Demand continued to develop positively for intraocular lenses, both in the standard and in the premium
segment. In particular the multifocal lenses AT LISA® tri and AT LISA® tri toric enjoy a high demand.

New milestones were also reached in the area of refractive surgery. The number of procedures carried out
using the minimally invasive ReLEx® SMILE technique, which was launched worldwide in 2011, has continued
to increase and has now passed the 2.0 million mark of eyes treated. This minimally invasive technology
allows for a gentler surgical procedure in laser vision correction. As a result of the regulatory approval granted
for the U.S. market in October 2018 for the treatment of patients with astigmatism, the ReLEx® SMILE
treatment can now be offered to additional customer groups in fiscal year 2018/19 and beyond. Around
1,100 VisuMax systems have been sold to date. The minimally invasive technology is used by more than
2,000 surgeons in more than 70 countries.

The acquisition of U.S. company lanTECH, Inc. in October 2018 has expanded the technology base in the area
of cataract surgery and further enhanced the range of consumables.

Customer solutions in Microsurgery

In Microsurgery, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group offers innovative solutions, such as state-of-the-art surgical
microscopes for neurosurgery, ear, nose and throat (ENT) surgery, plastic and reconstructive (P&R) surgery, as
well as spinal and dental surgery.

Since its market launch in 2017, the KINEVO® 900 has enjoyed a continuous rise in demand. This is a robotic
visualization system for use in neurosurgery. The device contains innovative robotic technology that avoids the
need for frequent manual repositioning and significantly widens the surgeon’s line of sight. Digital visualization
means the physician avoids having to adopt an unergonomic working posture during surgery. The digital,
high-resolution image can be transmitted to assistant doctors, OR staff and doctors in training for learning and
training purposes.

EXTARO® 300, a dental microscope that combines optical magnification with a fluorescence-based technology
for identifying tooth decay, also made an encouraging contribution to growth in fiscal year 2018/19. In
October 2018, the use of EXTARO® 300 in the ENT field and the TIVATO® 700 in spinal surgery was also
presented. The TIVATO® 700 makes it possible to assess vessel patency using fluorescence options, for example.
In addition, both surgeons and assistant physicians, OR staff and doctors in training can benefit from the
outstanding image quality and can follow the procedure. Another advantage of the TIVATO® 700 is its range:
an extended working distance makes it easier to use long instruments. The system also offers greater flexibility,
due to excellent headroom.

Customer solutions in growth markets

Product requirements in established markets are often very different to the requirements in rapidly develop-
ing economies such as India or China. The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group therefore has a market-specific product
range. Given the particularly high numbers of patients, ease of use and versatility of the devices and systems,
as well as cost, play a crucial role. Determining customer needs requires a strong on-site presence. The
presence of the ZEISS Center of Application and Research in India (CARIn) means that targeted investments are
being made in research and development projects in the immediate vicinity of our customers.

49


--- Page 23 ---

50

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Brands and patents

The Company invests in innovations and solutions and protects its innovative edge with patents. The

Carl Zeiss Meditec Group currently owns more than 850 patent families worldwide. An average of two patents
a week were granted for the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group in fiscal year 2018/19. Although the protection for

a patent varies from country to country, the Company still strives to protect products in the various markets
as comprehensively as possible with patents. As a number of products have already been on the market for
some time, patent protection does not always extend to the basic functionality of these products, but also to
specific features and enhancements that protect beneficial solutions. This enables us to sustain our successful
position on the market long term

The Company also has more than 621 registered brands and brand registrations (as of 30 September 2019).
These include, among others, product names, slogans, images, logos and other specific characteristics of the
Company.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF CARL ZEISS MEDITEC AG

Carl Zeiss Meditec AG is the parent company of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group. Its results are influenced to a
large extent by its subsidiaries. The development of its business is generally subject to the same opportunities
and risks at those of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group. The outlook for the Group also largely mirrors the expec-
tations for Carl Zeiss Meditec AG, due to the links between Carl Zeiss Meditec AG and its subsidiaries and due
to the importance of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG within the Group. The foregoing explanations for the Carl Zeiss
Meditec Group therefore also apply for Carl Zeiss Meditec AG

Carl Zeiss Meditec AG's ultimate goal is to secure the Company's long-term and successful development and
to ensure the necessary liquidity. A key benchmark for this is the management of profitable growth at Group
level.

Preparation of the financial statements

Contrary to the consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with the International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs), the following annual financial statements of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG have
been prepared in accordance with the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch, HGB).

Summary of business development

Carl Zeiss Meditec AG has brought fiscal year 2018/19 to a successful close, thus continuing its growth trend
of the previous fiscal years.

Revenue increased by 17.0 % year-on-year (adjusted for currency effects: 15.7 %). The increase in currency-
adjusted revenue is therefore higher than the forecast for market growth in the low to mid-single-digit
percentage range. The EBIT margin increased by 4 percentage points, from 17.8 % in the prior year, to 21.8 %.


--- Page 24 ---

Income statement according to HGB

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Appendix 2018/19 2017/18 Change
« € €k k in%
Revenue 21) 933,914 798,538 417.0
Production costs of services rendered
to generate revenue (405,811) (374,488) 48.4
Gross profit 528,103 424,050 424.5
Sales and marketing expenses (133,568) (125,936) 46.1
General and administrative expenses (35,555) (34,379) +34
R&D costs (142,330) (129,618) -
minus subsidies received 6 (142,324) 10 (129,608) 498
Other operating income (24) 38,113 50,135 “24.0
Other operating expenses (25) (61,225) (42,053) 421.8
Income from investments (26) 5,855 5,778 +13
thereof from affiliated companies 5,855 5,778 413
Income from profit transfer @) 4,017 4,432 “9.4
Income from investments and long-term loans 609 1,400 “56.5
thereof from affiliated companies 609 1,400 “56.5
Other interest and similar income 7,884 1.275 +478
thereof from affiliated companies 1,877 1,252 +49.9
Interest and similar expenses 9) (15,042) (11,403) +319
thereof from affiliated companies -
Earnings before income taxes 200,867 143,691 439.8
Income taxes 0) (67,761) (46,484) +458
Profit after tax 133,106 97,207 $36.9
Other taxes ED) 47) (280) +23.9
Net income for the year 132,759 96,927 437.0
Retained profits brought forward from prior year 236,201 188,466 425.3
Dividend (49,192) (49,192) 0.0
Net retained profits 319,768 236,201 435.4

Results of operations

Revenue increased by 17.0 % compared with the prior year (€798.5m), to €933.9m. It should be noted that
currency translations had an adverse effect on the increase in sales; adjusted for currency effects, sales would

have increased by 15.7 %. Sales include €4.2m in service revenue pursuant to Section 277 (1) HGB.

In fiscal year 2018/19, gross profit on revenue increased from €424.1m to €528.1m. The corresponding

margin increased due to the product mix, to 56.6 % (prior year: 53.1 %).

Selling expenses in the fiscal year amounted to €133.6m; general and administrative expenses amount to
€35.6m. Due to the significant increase in revenue, selling and general administrative expenses decreased by
two percentage points compared to revenue. Research and development expenses of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG
amounted to €142.3m in fiscal year 2018/19 (prior year: €129.6m) Detailed information on the Carl Zeiss
Meditec Group's research and development activities can be found pages 47 et seqq.

The decline in other operating income is mainly the result of a fall in foreign currency gains. This was offset by

increasing write-ups on loans to the subsidiary Carl Zeiss Meditec Iberia $.A. The increase in other operating
expense is primarily attributable to the rise in foreign currency losses. The increase in interest and similar
expenses within the financial result is mainly due to the interest expense on pensions.

51


--- Page 25 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

As a result, earnings before taxes increased significantly, from €143.7m in the prior year, to €200.9m. Net
income for the fiscal year under review amounted to €132.8m (prior year: €96.9m).

Balance sheet

30Sep 2019 30 Sep 2018 Change
€ €k €k in %
ASSETS
A. Fixed assets. 613,970 495,602 118,368 +23.9
|. Intangible fixed assets 99,594 115,849 (16,255) -14.0
Il, Property, plant and equipment 24,578 20,183 4,395 421.8
lll. Financial assets 489,798 359,570 130,228 436.2
B. Current assets 939,285 940,319 (1,034) -0.1
|. Inventories 135,102 126,050 9,052 47.2
Il, Receivables and other assets 804,112 814,198 (10,086) “1.2
lll, Cash-in-hand and bank balances 71 n : 0.0
C. Deferred income 1,190 835 355 442.5
D. Asset-side difference arising from asset offsetting 5,178 9,996 (4,818) 48.2
Total assets 1,559,623 1,446,752 112,871 47.8
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
A. Equity 1,367,091 1,283,524 83,567 46.5
|. Subscribed capital 89,441 89,441 : 0.0
ll. Capital reserve 954,942 954,942 : 0.0
lll, Retained earnings 2,940 2,940 - 0.0
IV. Net retained profits 319,768 236,201 83,567 435.4
B. Special reserve for investment subsidies - 16 (16) -100.0
C. Provisions 88,868 63,324 25,544 +40.3
D. Liabilities 102,067 97,850 4,217 44.3
E. Deferred income 1,597 2,038 (441) -21.6
F. Deferred tax lial - - - -
Total lial 1,559,623 1,446,752 112,871 +7.8

Net assets and results of operations

Pursuant to German commercial law (HGB), the total assets of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG amounted to €1,559.6m
as of 30 September 2019. This corresponds to an increase of 7.8 % compared with the prior year (€1,446.8m).

Inventories increased from €126.1m in the prior year, to €135.1m, due in particular to the increase in the
inventory of existing products to ensure delivery capacity and stockpiling for new products. The decline in
receivables and other assets is mainly due to a decrease in trade receivables from affiliated companies.

Cash and cash equivalents consist exclusively of bank balances. Term deposit balances are deposited with the
Group treasury of the Carl Zeiss Group and are recognized under "Receivables from affiliated companies".

Net retained profits increased by the net income for the fiscal year of €132.8m, less the dividend paid of
€49.2m.

Provisions increased to €88.8m (prior year: €63.3m). This is mainly due to higher tax provisions and other
provisions, particularly for foreign exchange transactions carried as liabilities, and for outstanding invoices.


--- Page 26 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Further information can be found in the notes to the annual financial statements of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG in the
section entitled "Provisions".

The debt ratio (ratio of borrowed capital to equity) increased to 14.0 % as of 30 September 2019
(30 September 2018: 12.6 %).

Cash inflows generated from operating activities provide an important source of financing for Carl Zeiss
Meditec AG. The Company can also create additional liquidity by issuing new shares on the capital market.
Furthermore, the Company has the option to assume loans, either from the treasury of Carl Zeiss AG or from
banks. As Carl Zeiss Meditec has enough cash funds at its disposal to finance its operating and strategic
objectives, changes in interest rates and credit conditions are not currently having any material effect on the
Company's financial position.

The Carl Zeiss Meditec AG's net assets and financial position remained stable. This is also contributing toward
the achievement of the Company's objectives, which are focused on sustainable growth.

Employees

As of 30 September 2019, Carl Zeiss Meditec AG had 1,400 employees. This number does not include
Management Board members.

Appropriation of profits

Fiscal year 2018/19 closes with net income for the year of €132,758,835.65. The Management Board proposes
utilizing the net retained profits of €319,767,498.89 for fiscal year 2018/19 as follows:

» Payment of a dividend of €0.65 per no-par value share for 89,440,570 no-par-value shares: €58, 136,370.50
» Carryforward of residual profit to new account: €261,631,128.39.

Declaration on corporate governance (pursuant to Section 289f HGB, 315d HGB) and corporate
governance report

The declaration on corporate governance (pursuant to Section 289a HGB and 315 (5) HGB) includes the
declaration of conformity pursuant to Section 161 AktG, relevant information on corporate governance
practices applied which go beyond the statutory requirements, in addition to information of where these are
publicly accessible and a description of how the Management and Supervisory Boards work, as well as the
composition and mode of working of their committees. You will find this information on our website at
www.zeiss.com/meditec-ag/investor-relations/corporate-governance.html

The sustainability management system of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group is integrated in the sustainability
strategy of the ZEISS Group.

Carl Zeiss Meditec AG therefore makes use of the option, pursuant to Section 289b (2) HGB and Section 315b
(2) HGB, to exempt itself from issuing a non-financial statement and the non-financial consolidated statement,
and refers to the separate summary non-financial report of the parent company, Carl Zeiss AG, into which
Carl Zeiss Meditec AG has been incorporated. This separate, non-financial report, which applies for the entire
ZEISS Group shall be available for inspection, in German and English, from 31 January 2019 at
www.zeiss.com/responsibility.

53


--- Page 27 ---

54

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

The ZEISS Group provides information on its further progress in the area of sustainability based on the
reporting standard of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and on the pages on sustainability online at
www.zeiss.com/responsibility.

REMUNERATION REPORT
Remuneration report of the Management Board

The members of the Management Board are remunerated based on Section 87 German Stock Corporation
Act (Aktiengesetz). According to this, the Supervisory Board determines the remuneration, which comprises
fixed and variable components, and payments in kind. The Supervisory Board's General Committee proposes
the amount and structure of the remuneration to be paid to the Management Board, and these are then
approved by the Supervisory Board as a whole. The appropriateness of the Management Board remuneration
is based on the duties and the personal contribution of the individual members of the Management Board,
as well as the Company's overall financial position and market environment.

At its meeting on 5 December 18, the Supervisory Board also addressed the achievement of objectives by the
Management Board members for fiscal year 2017/2018, and stipulated the relevant variable remunerations.
This meeting also reviewed the remuneration of the members of the Management Board, based on the salary
situation compared with the market, general price and salary trends, as well as past and expected future
performances, and found it to be appropriate.

Following the departure of Dr. Christian Muller from the Management Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG on

30 September 2018, the Supervisory Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG appointed Justus Felix Wehmer as the
new Chief Financial Officer, effective 1 October 2018. The Management Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG was
expanded at the same time, from two to three members, with the appointment of Jan Willem de Cler, also
effective from 1 October 2018. Pension entitlements and claims from long-term incentive agreements already
accrued within the ZEISS Group in previous years were transferred to Carl Zeiss Meditec AG on 1 October
2018. Dr. Christian Miiller’s accrued benefit entitlements were accordingly transferred to Carl Zeiss AG at the
same time.

Structure and amount of remuneration paid to the Management Board

The remuneration paid to the Management Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG consists of a fixed and a variable
portion. The variable portion is split into two components: the first component is contingent upon the
achievement of certain targets for the respective current fiscal year and the second bears a long-term incentive
effect.

The fixed portion of the remuneration paid to the Management Board is not contingent upon the achievement
of certain targets. It is paid monthly.

The variable portion of the remuneration, which relates to targets set for the respective fiscal year, is
contingent upon the achievement of certain quantitative targets. The main quantitative targets are EVA® and
free cash flow. This portion of the remuneration is paid after the end of the respective fiscal year. The amount
is contingent upon the degree of target fulfillment.


--- Page 28 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

In addition to the two components of Management Board remuneration described above, there is also a
so-called Long Term Incentive Program (LTI).

This program offers a remuneration component with a long-term incentive, which allows the members of the
Management Board to earn an additional annual income after a three-year period. This amounts to 50 %

of the individual short-term variable remuneration for the fiscal year that precedes the beginning of the

term of an LTI tranche, plus interest. A precondition for payment of this remuneration is that the members

of the Management Board have not handed in their notice at the end of the applicable three-year period

per tranche, and the equity ratio of the ZEISS Group is higher than 20 % at this point. The first payment was
made in December 2014. The next payment is forecast for December 2019.

Contrary to the general LT regulation, a different regulation applies for the Chairman of the Management
Board with respect to the long-term variable remuneration. Pursuant to this regulation, it shall be possible,
after a three-year period, for Dr. Monz to attain an additional annual income amounting to no more than

a basic salary, depending on the achievement of certain financial and personal objectives at the end of this
three-year period

Itemized breakdown of the remuneration paid to the members of the Management Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG

Management Board remuneration

Fiscal year Fixed Remuneration Variable Total uTiP Total

remuneration inkind and remuneration’ remuneration remuneration

other paid directly pursuant to

remuneration’” Section 314 (1)

No. 6a) HGB

€k €k €k €k €k €k

Dr. Ludwin Monz 2018/19 400.0 174 496.3 913.7 201.3 1,115.0
2017/18 400.0 16.3 303.3 719.6 264.6 984.2

Justus Felix Wehmer'? 2018/19 270.0 203 143.3 433.6 112.9 546.5
2017/18 : : : : : :

Jan Willem de Cler 2018/19 270.0 123 197.8 480.1 144.8 624.9
2017/18 : : : : : :

Dr. Christian Miller 2018/19 : : : : : :
2017/18 372.0 19.5 419.5 811.0 80.3 891.3

Directors & Officers (D&O) liability insurance has been taken out for the members of the Management Board
of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG, which provides for an excess that is also specified in the Management Board
contracts. This complies with the excess that has been prescribed by the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG)
since 5 August 2009 of at least 10 % of the damages up to at least one-and-a-half times the fixed annual
remuneration

” Remuneration in kind and other remuneration include e.g non-cash benefits like the provision of a company car and the reimbursement of
employer contributions to the statutory pension and unemployment insurance schemes, as well as contributions to group accident insurance.

'8 Variable remuneration corresponds to the amounts paid in the respective fiscal year.

"Inflow from the transfer through other comprehensive income by the ZEISS Group from variable remuneration and LTI claims accrued in
previous years

55


--- Page 29 ---

56

Pension scheme for members of the Management Board

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

The appropriation to the pension provisions or pension funds should be stated annually with respect to the
retirement benefit commitments for the members of the Management Board. The expenses relating to
pension commitments attributable to the individual members of the Management Board — or, in the case of
Dr. Monz, the proportionate oncharged service cost — are presented in the following overview.

Itemized breakdown of the pension commitments to the members of the Management Board

of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG

Fiscal year Current service cost Present value of pension
commitment, total
€k €k
Dr. Ludwin Monz’® 2018/19 318.8
2017/18 318.4
Justus Felix Wehmer 2018/19 276 218.8
2017/18 -
Jan Willem de Cler 2018/19 43.6 43.6
2017/18 -
Dr. Christian Miller 2018/19 -
2017/18 46.3 717.0

In connection with the appointment of Dr. Monz as a member of the Group Management Board of Carl Zeiss AG,
effective 1 January 2014, Carl Zeiss AG became responsible for the pension commitment to Dr. Monz, both for
the past and for the future. The pension provision previously set up at Carl Zeiss Meditec AG has accordingly
been transferred to Carl Zeiss AG. The proportionate service cost arising from the annual appropriation to the
pension provision for Dr. Monz's function as President and CEO of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG shall be passed on

to Carl Zeiss Meditec AG, effective from 1 January 2014.

Projected unit credits for pensions for other former members of the Management Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG

to €1,416.3k (prior year: €1,167.4k).

Value of benefits granted for fiscal year 2018/19 and allocation amount

The value of the benefits granted for the fiscal year under review, including single-year and multi-year variable
components of remuneration, shall continue to be presented and compared with the actual allocation amount.
The minimum compensation for the reporting year, as well as the maximum attainable remuneration shall

also be stated.

2° Proportionate oncharged service cost from the pension commitment to Dr. Monz (adjustment on 1 January 2014)


--- Page 30 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Value of benefits granted and tendered for the fiscal year Dr. Ludwin Monz

Dr. Ludwin Monz

President and CEO Minimum Maximum
Member of the Management Board since 8 October 2007 achievable value achievable value
2018/19 2017/18 2018/19 2018/19

Value of benefits granted &k €k &k &
1. Fixed remuneration 400.0 400.0 400.0 400.0
2. Fringe benefit 17.4 163 174 174
3. Total 417.4 416.3 417.4 417.4
4, Single-year variable compensation (VCS) 496.3 303.3 - 500.0
5. Multi-year variable compensation (LT) 621.4 803.7 - 1,215.2
2017/18 : 264.6 - :
2018/19 201.3 168.8 - 375.0
2019/20 157.5 182.8 - 315.0
2020/21 131.3 187.5 - 262.6
2021/22 131.3 : - 262.6
6. Pension cost 318.8 318.4 318.8 318.8

Allocation amount in fiscal year Dr. Ludwin Monz

Dr. Ludwin Monz

President and CEO

Member of the Management Board since 8 October 2007 2018/19 2017/18
Allocation amount for the fiscal year &k &
1. Fixed remuneration 400.0 400.0
2. Fringe benefit 174 163
3. Total 417.4 416.3
4, Single-year variable compensation (VCS) 496.3 303.3
5. Multi-year variable compensation (LT!) 201.3 264.6
6. Total 1,115.0 984.2
7. Pension cost 318.8 318.4
8. Total remuneration 1,433.8 1,302.6

Value of benefits granted and tendered for the fiscal year Justus Felix Wehmer

Justus Felix Wehmer

CFO Minimum Maximum
Member of the Management Board since 1 October 2018 achievable value achievable value
2018/19 2017/18 2018/19 2018/19

Value of benefits granted &k €k &k &
1. Fixed remuneration 270.0 : 270.0 270.0
2. Fringe benefit 20.3 : 20.3 20.3
3. Total 290.3 - 290.3 290.3
4, Single-year variable compensation (VCS) 180.0 : - 378.0
5. Multi-year variable compensation (LTI) 357.6 - - 593.8
2018/19 112.9 : - 123.3
2019/20 11.2 : - 190.5
2020/21 748 : - 149.6
2021/22 58.7 : - 130.4
6. Pension cost 276 : 27.6 27.6

?' Entitlement if thresholds exceeded

57


--- Page 31 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Allocation amount in fiscal year under review, Justus Felix Wehmer

Justus Felix Wehmer

Member of the Management Board since 1 October 2018 2018/19 2017/18
Allocation amount for the fiscal year €&k €k
1. Fixed remuneration 270.0 -
2. Fringe benefit 20.3 -
3. Total 290.3 -
4. Single-year variable compensation (VCS)” 143.3 -
5. Multi-year variable compensation (LT!)”” 112.9 -
6. Total 546.5 -
7. Pension cost 276 -
8. Total remuneration 574.1 -

Value of benefits granted and tendered for the fiscal year Jan Willem de Cler

Jan Willem de Cler Minimum Maximum
Member of the Management Board since 1 Oct 2018 achievable value achievable value
2018/19 2017/18 2018/19 2018/19

Value of benefits granted & &k €&k €k
1. Fixed remuneration 270.0 : 270.0 270.0
2. Fringe benefit 123 : 123 123
3. Total 282.3 - 282.3 282.3
4, Single-year variable compensation (VCS) 180.0 : : 378.0
5. Multi-year variable compensation (LT!) 415.8 - - 687.1
2018/19 144.8 : : 158.1
2019/20 107.5 : : 184.3
2020/21 82.4 : : 164.8
2021/22 81.4 : : 179.9
6. Pension cost 43.6 : 43.6 43.6

Allocation amount in fiscal year under review, Jan Willem de Cler

Jan Willem de Cler

Member of the Management Board since 1 Oct 2018 2018/19 2017/18
Allocation amount for the fiscal year €&k €k
1. Fixed remuneration 270.0 -
2. Fringe benefit 123 -
3. Total 282.3 -
4, Single-year variable compensation (VCS) 197.8 -
5. Multi-year variable compensation (LT!) 144.8 -
6. Total 624.9 -
7. Pension cost 43.6 -
8. Total remuneration 668.5 -

2 Allocation amount from transfer through other comprehensive income by ZEISS Group from claims accrued in previous years


--- Page 32 ---

Value of benefits granted and tendered for the fiscal year Dr. Christian Miller

Dr. Christian Miller
CFO
Member of the Management Board until 30 September 2018

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Minimum
achievable value

Maximum
achievable value

2018/19 2017/18 2018/19 2018/19
Value of benefits granted &k €k &k &
1. Fixed remuneration 372.0 - :
2. Fringe benefit 19.5 - :
3. Total - 391.5 - :
4, Single-year variable compensation (VCS) 240.0 - :
5. Multi-year variable compensation (LTI) - 488.9 - :
2017/18 80.3 - :
2018/19 121.8 - :
2019/20 141.1 - :
2020/21 145.7 - :
6. Pension cost 46.3 - :
Allocation amount in reporting year Dr. Christian Miiller
Dr. Christian Miiller
CFO
Member of the Management Board until 30 September 2018 2018/19 2017/18
Allocation amount for the fiscal year &k &
1. Fixed remuneration - 372.0
2. Fringe benefit - 19.5
3. Total - 391.5
4, Single-year variable compensation (VCS) - 419.5
5. Multi-year variable compensation (LT!) - 80.3
6. Total - 891.3
7. Pension cost - 46.3
8. Total remuneration - 937.6

Departure of members of the Management Board

In the event of premature termination of the employment relationship, the contracts for members of the
Management Board do not contain any explicit promise of a severance payment. A severance payment may,
however, ensue from a severance agreement concluded on an individual basis.

Remuneration of the Supervisory Board

The remuneration of the Supervisory Board is composed of a fixed basic remuneration and remuneration for
work on the committees. The basic remuneration for each member of the Supervisory Board amounts to
€30,000. The Chairman of the Supervisory Board shall receive double this amount; the Deputy Chairman and
the Chairman of the Audit Committee shall receive one-and-a-half times this amount. With the exception of the
members of the Nominating Committee and the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the General Committee,
members of committees receive an additional, fixed remuneration of €5,000. In addition to this, the Annual
General Meeting on 19 Mar 2019 resolved to pay an attendance fee of €1,000 to each member of the
Supervisory Board who attends a Supervisory Board or committee meeting

59


--- Page 33 ---

60

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

The following overview provides an itemized breakdown of the total remuneration paid to each Supervisory

Board member:

Itemized breakdown of remuneration paid to the Supervisory Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG pursuant to Art. 19

of the Articles of Association of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG

Basic Committees and Total

Fiscal year remuneration _ attendance fee remuneration

& €k €k

Prof. Dr. Michael Kaschke 2018/19 60.0 4.0 64.0

(Chairman) 2017/18 60.0 60.0

Tania von der Goltz 2018/19 45.0 3.0 48.0

(Deputy Chairwoman) 2017/18 215 215

(since 10 April 2018) -

Dr. Markus Guthoff 2018/19 45.0 11.0 56.0

2017/18 45.0 5.0 50.0

Dr. Christian Muller? 2018/19 16.1 77 238

(since 19 March 2019) 2017/18 -

Cornelia Grandy 2018/19 30.0 2.0 32.0

2017/18 30.0 30.0

Jorg Heinrich 2018/19 30.0 9.0 39.0

2017/18 30.0 5.0 35.0

Dr. Carla Kriwet 2018/19 -

(Deputy Chairwoman) 2017/18 13 13

(until 31 Dec 2017) -

Thomas Spitzenpfeil?* 2018/19 13.9 23 16.2
(Deputy Chairman from 22 Jan 2018 to 10 Apr 2018;

Supervisory Board member until 18 Mar 2019) 2017/18 33.2 5.0 38.2

The Company did not pay members of the Supervisory Board any additional remunerations or benefits for

personally rendered services (in particular consultancy and agency services) in fiscal year 2018/19.

Directors & Officers (D&O) liability insurance has been taken out for the members of the Supervisory Board
of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG, which provides for an excess that is also specified in the Company's Articles of
Association. This corresponds to at least 10 % of the damages up to at least one-and-a-half times the fixed

annual remuneration.

OPPORTUNITY AND RISK REPORT

A group with global operations faces a large number of entrepreneurial risks and opportunities that can have a
sustained impact on business success. The assessment of opportunities and risks and conscientious handling of

entrepreneurial uncertainty are an important part of corporate governance at Carl Zeiss Meditec.

% Dr. Christian Miiller waived his entitlement to remuneration for fiscal year 2018/19 by way of a waiver declaration.
% Mr. Thomas Spitzenpfeil waived his entitlement to remuneration for fiscal year 2017/18 by way of a waiver declaration.


--- Page 34 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Risk management

The central risk management system of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group stipulates uniform regulations and
processes for the early detection, assessment and management of risks. In the subsidiaries and on Group level,
risk management coordinators are responsible for applying the policies and procedures. The management of
the subsidiaries detects and manages operating and strategic risks. Overall responsibility lies with the Manage-
ment Board, which regularly assesses risks and their management at Group level together with the Group Risk
Manager. The Management Board and Supervisory Board review the appropriateness and monitoring of the risk
management system.

Risk management is an integral part of corporate governance within the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group, and is based
on the following two key components: a risk reporting system and an internal control system.

Risk reporting system

This is a clearly structured, traceable feedback loop which encompasses all of the Company's activities, is inte-
grated in its organizational structure and its control and reporting processes, and comprises a systematic and
ongoing process for the identification, assessment, management/control, as well as the documentation and
communication of any risks. Any relevant information can therefore be immediately passed on to the responsible
decision makers. The main features of this system are as follows:

» The risk management system exclusively records risks. It integrates all fully consolidated subsidiaries.

» The business risks are assessed and categorized according to their potential implications over the period of their
existence, and according to their probability of occurrence and damage potential. The period of assessment is
a maximum of five years.

» Regular risk reports are provided to the Management Board, the management of the subsidiaries and other
decision-makers within the Company on the basis of specified thresholds. Significant risks arising at very short
notice are reported to this responsible group immediately.

» On this basis, appropriate steps are taken and evaluated to avoid identified risks or reduce the probability of
their occurrence, and to minimize the potential financial losses. The measures to reduce risks, the early warning
indicators and the residual risks derived from these are regularly updated and documented.

Internal control system

The internal control system of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group is based on the COSO Enterprise Risk Management
Model (COSO ERM model). The Group's integrated enterprise risk management system covers strategic and
operational risks, i.e., risk assessment goes beyond mere financial risks. For central processes, there are key risks
and defined control mechanisms, which are regularly evaluated with regard to their effectiveness. The Group's
Management Board ensures that an adequate and effective internal control system is in place and that is it con-
tinuously enhanced. The Supervisory Board’s Audit Committee monitors the effectiveness of internal auditing, risk
management and the internal control system, as well as the financial reporting process. The accounting-related
part of the internal control system is a system structured within the sphere of responsibility of and under the
supervision of the CFO, which ensures that the preparation of the consolidated annual financial statements is in
line with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs), and that external financial reporting is reliable

Significant risks
The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group analyzes and assesses risks systematically. Special emphasis is placed on potential
economic effects and on probability of occurrence. In this way, the risks are quantified and classified. Due to the

broad portfolio and the Group’s global presence, the strategic and operational risks are widely spread.

Quantitative data is based on a net perspective after application of measures, and relates to the risk assessment
period.

61


--- Page 35 ---

62

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation risks

The business success and reputation of the Group are heavily dependent on the rapid development of innovative
products and solutions. New trends and current scientific and research findings can trigger technology shifts and
new customer requirements, and make new business models necessary. Should the Group lose touch with tech-
nological developments on the market, react too late to trends or technological advancements, this could weaken
its competitive position. There is also a risk of the Group's products being completely superseded by alternative
technologies, procedures or treatment methods, thus reducing demand for certain products, which could result in
losses in sales and earnings. The potential impact these risks could have on earnings equates to an amount in the
medium-term single-digit million euro range

In order to exploit opportunities in this area early and keep the probability of occurrence and the economic impact
of this risk low in all segments, the Group invests heavily in research and development and upstream areas of
products with a technological edge and unique selling points.

Personnel risks

Demographic change and the shortage of skilled staff for technical jobs as well as the differing training and
qualifications standards around the globe are creating new challenges when it comes to filling job vacancies.
Unfilled positions could limit the technological advancement and sale of the products and services it offers in all
segments. The Group is countering this with a global recruitment strategy and active employee development and
successor planning, thus keeping the probability of occurrence low. In order to retain skilled employees in the
long term, the Group offers various employee benefits depending on the location — these include, for example,
offers for health promotion or child care. At the current time, the management does not expect these risks to
have any material effects on the Group's net assets, financial position or results of operations.

Risks in procurement and production

The Group ensures conformity with national and international standards, guidelines and statutory provisions by
means of an integrated management system that addresses the issues of quality, the environment, and
occupational health and safety.

To a very large extent the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group uses components from external suppliers to manufacture its
products in all business segments. The increase in the prices of commodities, energy and materials, the growing
complexity of purchased parts and the limited number of suppliers (single source) for certain technologies could
have negative implications for the production, sale and quality of the Company’s products. The Group continues
to work on stabilizing supply chains and reducing the dependence on individual suppliers in order to minimize the
associated economic impact, among other things. The Company systematically leverages opportunities that arise
from bundling procurement activities. Furthermore, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group selects its suppliers carefully. By
implementing consistent supply chain measures, such as qualifying its suppliers, identifying secondary suppliers
and preparing a strategic inventory plan, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group protects itself as best it can against supplier
dependencies and changes on the commodities market.

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group and the ZEISS Group have close contractual relationships in some areas. This
relates in particular to the procurement of IT services, the licensed use of the "ZEISS" brand and agreements with
distribution companies of the ZEISS Group. This distribution network provides major opportunities, which are
rooted particularly in the close-meshed coverage worldwide, a high level of professional distribution expertise,
and an efficient market development approach.

The potential effect of supplier risks on earnings is in the higher single-digit million euro range


--- Page 36 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Risks of information technology

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group continuously reviews and exploits the opportunities of digitalization. This creates
many new possibilities to offer customers additional services. At the same time, the Group constantly updates its
existing information technology (IT) systems, and its IT protection and security systems. Functioning and adequately
documented IT systems are also a prerequisite for obtaining product approvals in certain countries. Risks that, in
the event of damage, could result in an interruption of business processes due to IT system failures or the loss or
falsification of data, are therefore identified and evaluated across the entire life cycle of the applications and IT
systems. Measures were taken in this area in particular during the fiscal year under review, to prevent damage from
cyber attacks and virus attacks to the IT infrastructure and medical devices at the customer. Some of the Group's IT
systems are operated by external partners. The Group has defined high standards for these service providers with
regard to the hardware and software used, as well as data security. The Group continuously monitors the implemen-
tation of and compliance with these standards. The management does not expect this to have any material effects
on the Group's net assets, financial position or results of operations.

Risks from acquisitions

Acquisitions or investments offer the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group the opportunity to expand its portfolio of expertise
and technology, or to increase its access to regional markets. In particular the acquisition of Carl Zeiss Meditec
Cataract Technology, Inc. in December 2018, a company specializing in technical solutions for microinvasive cataract
surgery, will enable the Group to consolidate its technological position and portfolio in cataract surgery over the
coming years.

Acquisitions bear the entrepreneurial risk of the acquired company not performing as well economically as
expected in the market, or of the sales and earnings targets being pursued with its acquisition not being reached,
or of intended synergy effects with the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group not being achievable. The Group systematically
reviews the associated risks and opportunities. A key element prior to execution of a transaction is a standardized
process for mergers & acquisitions, including a due diligence review to assess the business development that can
be expected. The economic impact and probability of occurrence are therefore small.

Goodwill totaling €338.1m from acquisitions is shown in the consolidated statement of financial position. This
goodwill is tested annually for impairment in accordance with IAS 36. A total of €336.8m of this goodwill is
attributable to the Ophthalmic Devices SBU, and €1.3m to the Microsurgery SBU. The impairment tests carried out
during the fiscal year under review did not give any indication of impairment of the goodwill-bearing cash-generat-
ing units (CGUs). Based on the development of business, the Group also anticipates positive results from subsequent
tests. Due to changes in general economic conditions or changes in business models, impairment losses cannot be
ruled out on goodwill recognized for individual or all companies acquired in the past.

Legal risks, patents and intellectual property

The Company's competitiveness depends on the protection of its technological innovations against exploitation by
third parties. Violations of intellectual property and patent protection may compromise the Company's technological
lead and thus its competitive advantage in all business segments. The expiry of property rights, particularly patents,
as well as the geographical limitation of property rights could result in new or existing competitors exploiting the
inventions of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group to enter the market or strengthen their market position. Furthermore,
in spite of the measures taken, third parties may still attempt to copy or partly copy products of the Company,
since the unauthorized use of intellectual property is generally difficult to monitor and copyright laws only provide
for limited protection.

The Company safeguards its technologies and products with a comprehensive industrial property rights strategy. If
ZEISS patent and brand rights are infringed by third parties, the Group takes legal steps to counter the associated
high financial risk. Such cases tend to be rare. However, in light of the Company's high level of innovation, there
is a certain probability of infringements occurring in future. When developing new products and technologies, the

63


--- Page 37 ---

64

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Group systematically checks whether the rights of a third party could be affected, develops non-protected solutions,
if necessary, and acquires the requisite licenses and rights, or seeks other solutions by legal contract. Overall, the
management does not expect risks in the area of patents and intellectual property to have any material effects on
the Group's net assets, financial position or results of operations.

Legal risks may arise due, among other things, to changes in general legal conditions in the relevant markets and
to legal disputes with competitors, business associates or customers. There is no pending litigation that poses any
risk to the continued existence of the Group at present. Should it be necessary, adequate provisions will be set up
as a precaution. Further details on litigation and arbitration proceedings involving the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group can
be found in note "(30) Contingent liabilities and other financial commitments" in the accompanying notes to the
consolidated financial statements.

As a listed medical technology company with global activities, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group is subject, in the
countries in which the Group operates, to a large number of laws, regulations and guidelines. In order to ensure
compliance with these regulations, these are regularly analyzed for any changes and internal processes and guide-
lines are adjusted, if necessary. The Company has set out the basic principles of correct conduct in business activities
in a Code of Conduct, which applies to all employees. In order to avoid breaches of compliance and minimize risks
to the Group’s reputation, the Group has established a corporate-wide compliance organization. Regular training
measures are also in place to familiarize the employees with internal guidelines and make them aware of the
negative effects breaches could have. The management does not expect this to have any material effects on the
Group's net assets, financial position or results of operations.

Financial risks

As a result of the European debt crisis there is a latent credit risk concerning business banks at which the Carl Zeiss
Meditec Group holds deposits. However, the Company has taken various measures to mitigate risks. For example,
it has introduced a monitoring procedure to monitor the current situation in the capital markets. The Company has
categorized its financial risks as moderate. The basis for this categorization is the sound financing structure with
an equity ratio of 70.1 %, the large reserve of cash and cash equivalents, and a strong cash flow from operating
activities. Cash and cash equivalents at the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group are kept in reserve based on a rolling monthly
cash forecast within a fixed planning period, and are managed as part of a Group-wide ZEISS cash pool.

The financial risks also include liquidity risks, price fluctuation risks for financial instruments and risks associated
with fluctuations in cash flows. These risks and their management are adequately described in note "(36) Financial
risk management" in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Economic environment

As a company with global operations, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group is particularly exposed to developments that
pose a risk to the global economy. Therefore, the general global political situation, major natural disasters,
macroeconomic development and market trends in individual regions of the world may have diverse effects on
the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group's chances of success in all business segments.

In particular the underlying conditions in the global economy have become more volatile over the past few years,
which has heightened economic risks overall. Economic development may be severely dampened by the worsening
euro crisis and reduced stability of the EU, a potentially hard Brexit, as well as an economic slowdown in China.
Furthermore, an increasingly protectionist economic policy is being observed in key markets in which the Group
operates, such as the USA and China, the future structure of which is difficult to predict. Escalating trade tensions
between China and the USA may have effects on global growth. There are also local risks and instabilities in
emerging markets, such as Turkey or in South America, which may cause global chain reactions.


--- Page 38 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

This trend in the overall economic situation may have an adverse effect on the economic situation of our customers
and their demand for Carl Zeiss Meditec’s products, which may have an adverse effect on sales and earnings. The
early warning system for risks established by the company enables these risks to be recognized in good time and
countermeasures initiated. In addition, the Group's international presence means it is less affected by regional
crises, and the highly differentiated product and customer structure of the Company limits its sales risks. According
to current estimates, there are risks in the lower double-digit million euro range in the macroeconomic environment.

Market and competition

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group is exposed to intense competitive pressure in both segments. Besides the market
entry of new competitors, there is also a risk, in the event of significant exchange rate fluctuations, of competitors
from the beneficiary countries being able to offer their products at considerably lower prices in the market, and
therefore improving their competitive position. Some competitors are better at dealing with competitive pressure,
due to their higher total turnover and the financial resources they have at their disposal.

In addition, existing competitors may be bought up by large, financially strong companies, or form alliances
with each other, which may lead to even greater competitive pressure, lower selling prices, margin pressure
and/or the loss of market shares. The Company prepares itself for such risks by continuously observing and

analyzing the market, in order to be able to react with the necessary foresight.

Health insurance funds, insurance companies or government health schemes reimburse the costs of certain
medical treatments carried out using products of Carl Zeiss Meditec Group. Changes in health care and
reimbursement policy in Germany or abroad may lead to the denial or reduction of reimbursements, which
could reduce the demand for Carl Zeiss Meditec products. In the case of new products for which reimbursement
cannot yet be predicted with certainty, demand may be considerably dampened by the financial situation of
consumers. Refractive surgery is generally an elective procedure, which patients pay for themselves. Demand
therefore depends on general economic development. In addition, on the customer side, and particularly in
the private healthcare sector, there is a noticeable increase in the formation of regional and national purchasing
alliances, as well as clinic chains. Such a trend may lead to falling selling prices in this customer segment.

Collectively, these market and competition-related risks may impact the Group's earnings by an amount in the
low to mid-double-digit million euro range. On the other hand, the demographic trend in industrialized countries
and economic development in the RDEs, as well as the increasing requirements placed on medical devices for
diagnosing and treating age-related eye diseases, present growth opportunities for the Company.

Product approval and political environment

As the Group sells its products worldwide, statutory regulations have to be taken into consideration when
manufacturing and launching products in the market, especially where explicit regulatory approvals and
certifications are required. Although these requirements are incorporated into all stages of development,
production and distribution, there is no guarantee that such approvals will be granted at all or in time for the
planned launch in the market, or that the Group's numerous registrations will still exist or be renewed in the
future. This may lead to sales losses and, in the case of delayed product launches, to competitive disadvantages.
Furthermore, registration requirements could become more stringent in future.

In order to be able to identify such developments in good time and respond appropriately, the Company monitors
developments and approval procedures in this area very closely as part of its quality management system. This
is especially the case right now with regard to the new EU medical devices directive, which entered into force in
2017. Any residual risks that remain lie within the low to mid-double-digit million euro range.

65


--- Page 39 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Certified quality management

A vital part of early risk detection is the Group's certified quality management system. Clearly structured and
documented quality management processes ensure not only transparency, but are now a prerequisite in most
markets for obtaining regulatory approval for medical devices. The quality assurance system employed by

Carl Zeiss Meditec was certified by DQS GmbH Deutsche Gesellschaft zur Zertifizierung von Managementsystemen
and complies with the US standard for Good Manufacturing Practice ("GMP"), 21 C.F.R. part 820, Quality System
Regulation.

Product liability risk

There is a fundamental risk with some of the medical devices and system solutions and implants manufactured

by the Company that, in spite of all reasonable measures being taken by the certified quality management system
and compliance with all legal requirements, malfunctions may result in injury to or adverse effects for the patient.
This may be due, among other things, to components and raw materials purchased from external suppliers not
meeting the specified quality requirements. Although no significant product liability claims have been made
against the Company to date, no assurance can be given that Carl Zeiss Meditec will not be faced with such claims
in the future. This may damage the Group’s reputation in the long term and lead to considerable legal costs,
irrespective of whether a claim for damages ultimately materializes. Risk liability claims can be particularly high,
especially in the USA, not to mention the costly recall campaigns that may be required.

The Company covers itself against potential product liability claims by taking out product liability insurance. The
possibility cannot be completely excluded that the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group's existing insurance coverage may not
be sufficient to cover potential claims. There are no significant risks in this area at the current time.

Infrastructure risks

Uncontrollable environmental influences, such as natural disasters or terrorist attacks, may result in an interruption to
business operations at the affected locations, and may prevent the Company from providing regular production,
distribution and other services in these regions and generating the expected earnings. All business segments
could be affected by this. In addition, it could have adverse effects on the Company's customers domiciled in
the affected region and on their willingness to invest, as well as the local suppliers there and their willingness to

supply.

The Company's headquarters, with major research and development departments and other key Group functions,
are located in Germany, a region with a low risk of natural disasters. A second major site is located in the Greater
San Francisco area in the USA, a region with an increased risk of earthquakes. In order to minimize potential
damage, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group has set up a crisis management system, and has also developed local and
central plans for maintaining the functionality of critical business processes (business continuity plans). For this
reason the Company does not expect any material adverse effects on its net assets, financial position or results of
operations.

Risks relating to the Group accounting process

The main risks in the accounting process are that the financial statements may not provide a true and fair view
of the net assets, financial position and results of operations as a result of unintentional errors or willful actions, or
that there is a delay in publishing these. The accounting would not present a true and fair view of the Company
in this case. Deviations are classified as significant if they could individually or collectively influence the economic
decisions taken by the recipients of the financial statements based on the financial statements.

In the area of accounting and Group accounting, processes ensure the completeness and accuracy of the financial
statements with regularly reviewed, integrated, preventive and detective controls. All of the Group's internal


--- Page 40 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

accounting and valuation guidelines are collated in an accounting manual, which is available via the Group's
intranet to all of the relevant organizational units and all of the Company's employees, along with the Group-wide
financial reporting calendar. In addition, supplementary procedures, standardized reporting formats, IT systems
and IT-assisted reporting and consolidation processes support the process for uniform and proper consolidated
accounting.

The operative, timely implementation of the systemic requirements is effected by the affected areas of Carl Zeiss
Meditec AG and its subsidiaries. These are supported and monitored by Carl Zeiss Meditec's Finance depart-
ment. The Group Finance department is responsible for consolidated reporting, including Group-wide financial
and management information, forecasts, budgets and risk reporting. Acts of law, accounting standards

and other pronouncements are continuously analyzed with regard to their relevance for and impact on the
consolidated and annual financial statements.

Additional disclosures pursuant to Section 289 (2) No. 1 HGB, Section 315 (2) No. 1 HGB

In principle, price fluctuation risks cannot be ruled out. However, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group counters these
risks by focusing on product innovations and optimizing its production costs through cost-cutting and efficiency-
enhancing measures. Potential risks of default on trade receivables — particularly given the worsening global
debt situation and generally greater risk of bad debt losses that comes with it — are minimized by means of an
active credit control system. The Group also regularly sets up adequate provisions to cover such risks. On the
whole, however, we consider this to be a limited risk. The ratio of valuation allowances on trade receivables to
consolidated revenue was 0.7 % in the fiscal year under review (prior year: 0.8 %).

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group's financial situation can be considered sound. Cash and cash equivalents amounted
to €22.6m as of the balance sheet date 30 September 2019. Added to this are credit balances recognized as
receivables from the treasury of the ZEISS Group, in the amount of €665.2m. The Group also generated cash
flows from operating activities of €219.6m in the year under review. From a current perspective there are
therefore no significant liquidity risks.

All cash and cash equivalents, including the balances with the Group treasury of ZEISS Group, are deposited
at banks. Should it come to a loss of individual banks — due in particular to an increasingly unstable macro-
economic situation — the balances held there may be endangered. The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group counters this
risk by continuously monitoring the solvency of the banks with which it has a business relationship and by
spreading its assets among several banks via the treasury of the ZEISS Group.

As a company with global operations, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group is exposed to the effects of exchange rate
fluctuations. In order to hedge against this currency risk, the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group concludes currency
forward contracts based on planned transactions in foreign currency. These contracts generally span a period
of up to one year. Based on current exchange rate fluctuations, currency effects may continue to impact the
financial result depending on the extent of the fluctuations. The notes to the financial statements contain
further details on forward exchange contracts.

Overall assessment of the Company's risk situation

At the time of preparation of this report, there were no discernible risks that could jeopardize the continued
existence of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group. There are no significant differences in the overall assessment
compared with the prior year. The Management Board sees a solid foundation for further development of the
Group and uses a systematic strategy and planning process to provide the necessary resources to exploit any
opportunities that arise.

67


--- Page 41 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

DISCLOSURES PURSUANT TO SECTION 289 A AND 315 A HGB

Carl Zeiss Meditec AG's subscribed capital amounts to €89,440,570 and is composed of 89,440,570 no-par
value ordinary bearer shares (no-par value shares), each with a theoretical interest in the share capital of €1 per
no-par value share. Each share entitles the bearer to one voting right and an equal share in Company profits.

Other shares or shares with special rights that grant supervisory powers do not exist. Nor are there restrictions
on the part of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG concerning the voting rights or transfer of shares. Furthermore, the
Management Board is not aware of any other agreements concluded, for example, between individual share-
holders.

Carl Zeiss Meditec AG is aware of the following direct and indirect holdings in the capital of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG
that exceed ten percent of the voting rights. Carl Zeiss AG, Oberkochen, Germany, holds, both directly and
indirectly, a total of 59.1 % of the voting rights in Carl Zeiss Meditec AG. This corresponds to 52,893,270 no-par
value shares. These include 6.8 % of the voting rights or 6,074,256 no-par value shares in Carl Zeiss Meditec AG,
which Carl Zeiss AG holds indirectly via its wholly owned subsidiary Carl Zeiss, Inc., Thornwood, USA

Employees of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG or its affiliated companies pursuant to Section 15 et seqq. AktG, who
participated in the Company via employee share plans concerning the share capital of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG in
prior years, exercise their control rights directly like all other shareholders of the Company.

Pursuant to Section 179 and Section 133 AktG, an amendment to the Articles of Association requires a
resolution by the Annual General Meeting which, in turn, requires a simple majority of the votes cast and a
majority comprising at least three quarters of the share capital represented at the time the resolution is passed.
The Articles of Association may specify a different capital majority; in the case of an amendment to the purpose
of the Company, however, only a larger capital majority may be specified. Art. 25 of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG's
Articles of Association states that in cases for which the law requires a majority of the share capital represented
at the time of resolution, a simple majority of the share capital represented is sufficient, provided that a greater
majority is not mandatory by law. Pursuant to Art. 28 of the Articles of Association of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG,
the Supervisory Board is authorized to resolve amendments to the Articles of Association that only affect the
version. This complies with Section 179 (1) Sentence 2 AktG

The legal provisions concerning the appointment and dismissal of members of the Management Board are set
forth in Section 84 and Section 85 AktG. In compliance with this, Art. 6 (2) of the Articles of Association of

Carl Zeiss Meditec AG stipulates that the Supervisory Board shall be responsible for appointing and dismissing
the members of the Management Board. Pursuant to statutory provisions, a member of the Management Board
may only be dismissed for compelling reasons.

Pursuant to Art. 4 (5) of the Articles of Association of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG, the Company has an Authorized
Capital. Accordingly, the Management Board is authorized, subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board,
to increase the share capital, on one or several occasions in the period until 5 April 2021, by up to
€40,654,805.00 (Authorized capital 2016). New no-par value bearer shares may be issued against cash and/or
contributions in kind for this. The Management Board is authorized, subject to the approval of the Supervisory
Board, to exclude the statutory subscription right of shareholders in the following cases:

» to balance out fractional amounts,

» if the capital increase is effected against cash contributions and the new shares, for which the subscription
rights are excluded, are equivalent to no more than 10 % of the share capital, neither on the date the increase
becomes effective, nor on the date this authorization is exercised, and the issuing price of the new shares is
not significantly lower than the market price of shares of the same type and structure already publicly quoted


--- Page 42 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Sales of own shares on the basis of other authorizations pursuant to Section 186 (3) sentence 4 AktG must be
taken into account in the restriction to 10 % of the share capital.

» for capital increases against contributions in kind to grant shares for the purpose of acquiring companies, parts
thereof or interests in a company.

The existing authorized capital pursuant to Art. 4 (5) of the Articles of Association was utilized in March 2017 in
the amount of €8,130,960.00, with the exclusion of shareholders’ statutory subscription rights.

The Management Board is authorized, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, to specify the further details of
capital increases from Authorized Capital

The Management Board is authorized, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, to increase the share capital on
one or several occasions up until 29 May 2022, by issuing new no-par value shares against cash and/or contribu-
tions in kind, up to a total value of €12, 196,440.00 (Authorized Capital 2017). Shareholders shall be granted a
subscription right, with the following restrictions. The Management Board shall be authorized, with the consent
of the Supervisory Board, to exclude fractional amounts from the shareholders’ subscription right and also to
exclude the subscription right to the extent necessary to grant the bearers of warrants and convertible bonds
issued by Carl Zeiss Meditec AG or its subsidiaries a subscription right to new shares in the scope to which they
would be entitled after exercising such warrant or convertible bond. The Management Board shall furthermore be
authorized, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, to exclude the subscription right, in the case of a capital
increase against cash contributions, for an amount of up to 10 % of the share capital existing at the time the
Authorized Capital 2017 enters into effect or — if lower — the share capital existing at the time of the resolution
on the appropriation of the Authorized Capital 2017, if the issuing amount of the new shares is not significantly
lower than the market price of the Company shares already listed at the date of final specification of the issue
amount, which should occur as close as possible to the date of placement of the shares. This upper limit of 10 %
of the share capital shall take into account the pro rata amount of the share capital that is attributable to shares
issued from Authorized Capital 2017 since granting of this authorization up until utilization of this authorization
pursuant to Section 186 (3), sentence 4 AktG, with the exclusion of subscription rights, either on the basis of

an authorization of the Management Board to exclude subscription rights in direct or analogous application of
Section 186 (3), Sentence 4 AktG, or sold as acquired treasury shares in accordance with Section 186 (3),
sentence 4 AktG, as well that pro rata amount of the share capital attributable to shares to which conversion
and/or option rights or conversion obligations arising from bonds apply, which are issued up until utilization of
this authorization, with the exclusion of subscription rights, pursuant to Section 186 (3), sentence 4 AktG.

The Management Board shall also be authorized, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, to exclude the
subscription right for a capital increase against contributions in kind to grant shares for the purpose of acquiring
companies, parts of companies or investments in companies or other investable assets, including receivables. In
addition, the Management Board shall be authorized to stipulate the further details of the capital increase and its
implementation, with the consent of the Supervisory Board

Pursuant to the resolution of the Annual General Meeting of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG on 18 March 2015, the
Management Board is authorized to purchase treasury shares. This authorization is valid until 17 March, 2020.
The shares may be purchased, with the consent of the Supervisory Board

» to offer them for purchase to employees of the Company and the companies affiliated with the Company within
the meaning of Section 15 et seqq. German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) — noting that the right of shareholders
to subscribe to treasury shares is excluded — or

» to use them within the scope of mergers with companies or to purchase companies, parts of companies or
shares in companies — noting that the right of shareholders to subscribe to treasury shares is also excluded in
this case — or

» to recall them

69


--- Page 43 ---

70

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

This authorization is limited to the acquisition of shares equivalent to share capital of €8, 130,000.00. The shares

shall be purchased at the stock exchange. The consideration paid by the Company per share (excluding incidental
purchase costs) may not be more than 10 % above or below the closing rate of the shares in Xetra trading (or

an equivalent successor system to the Xetra trading system) at the Frankfurt Stock Exchange on the previous

day of trading. At no time may the purchased shares, together with other own shares held by the Company and

ascribable to it pursuant to Section 71a et seqqg. AktG, exceed 10 % of the share capital.

The Company has not entered into any significant agreements contingent upon a change of control following a
takeover bid

Nor has the Company concluded any compensation agreements with the members of the Management Board or
employees for the event of a takeover offer.

SUPPLEMENTARY REPORT

No events of material significance for the Group's net assets, financial position and results of operations occurred
after the end of fiscal year 2018/19.

The development of business at the beginning of fiscal year 2019/20 validates the statements made in the
following "Outlook".

We refer here to the information in the notes to the financial statements under No. 38 “Events after the end of
the reporting period”.

OUTLOOK
Future conditions for business development

Macroeconomic environment

At the time of preparation of the consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2018/19, IMF economists still
predict a slight revival of global economic growth in the coming year, with regional variations. In the industrialized
countries, the current growth rate is expected to continue at a comparatively slow pace, with growth momentum in
the U.S. easing off a little. The rapidly developing markets in Asia are expected to continue growing at the current
pace, while growth momentum in China will slow again slightly. Slightly stronger impetus for growth is expected
from Latin America again in the coming year.

The risks for the global economy and economic growth have not decreased, however. This also evident from

the downward-adjusted growth forecasts and falling interest rates. Due to ongoing protectionist and politically
motivated measures, the risk of a trade war that has an even greater impact on world trade cannot be ruled out.
Credit-financed investments may generate impetus for growth; however, a mounting debt also harbors risks.
Uncertainties concerning Brexit, a further escalation of the political conflicts in the Middle East and North Korea,
as well as persistent structural problems, may have an adverse effect on industry and public sector investing
activities®.

2% International Monetary Fund, "World Economic Outlook”, July 2019, Washington D.C. (OECD) https://data.cecd. org/leadind/business-confi


--- Page 44 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Future situation in the medical technology industry

The Company's management forecasts further growth for the medical technology market, as the factors
responsible for this still hold true. In addition to the increase in the global population, key growth drivers also
include a rising proportion of elderly people and a growing percentage of the global population with access to
state-of-the-art medical care. Furthermore, the greater demands being placed on innovative capacity in the
medical technology industry play an important role. Consequently, the products and procedures of medical
technology manufacturers shall no longer be measured based solely on their effectiveness and safety, but also
on their cost-efficiency. Digitalization is another aspect that has already transformed the structure of the medical
technology industry today. Integrated system solutions for simplified workflows are an important distinguishing
feature for customers. This presents a major opportunity for companies to help design products and solutions
in health care and to thus contribute to better treatment outcomes. In the Company's view, the integration of
medical technology and information technology shall continue to proceed at a fast pace.

If nothing else, the development of the global economy shall influence the growth of the medical technology
industry. Both private customers and public authorities base their investment decisions on it to a certain extent.
At the present time the medical technology industry is expected to grow in the coming years in the low to
mid-single-digit percentage range.

Future development in the strategic business units of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group

Ophthalmic Devices strategic business unit

In fiscal year 2018/19, the Ophthalmic Devices strategic business unit increased its revenue significantly. Further
growth is anticipated in fiscal year 2019/20. Both the products already established on the market for diagnosing
and treating ophthalmic diseases, as well as other innovations launched in the course of the past fiscal year shall
contribute to this growth. These include, among others, the widefield fundus imaging system CLARUS™ 700,
the OCT system CIRRUS® 6000, as well as a further spread of the minimally invasive vision correction procedure
ReLEX® SMILE to the USA and worldwide. In the medium term, the technologies acquired as part of the acquisi-
tion of Carl Zeiss Meditec Cataract Technology, Inc. in December 2018 also offer the potential to further improve
the quality of treatment outcomes and increase workflow efficiency in cataract surgery. Physicians and surgeons
are therefore provided with new and innovative treatment options for the safe removal of the natural lens prior
to implantation of an intraocular lens. The development projects initiated in connection with the acquisition are
making good progress. The Company expects to see dynamic growth in the cataract surgery market over the next
few years. This procedure is already one of the most frequently carried out procedures in world.

The Company is confident that it will grow at least to the same extent as the underlying market in the new fiscal
year. From a current perspective, and excluding currency effects, this corresponds to growth at least in the low
to mid-single-digit percentage range. The EBIT margin is expected to remain slightly below the average for the
Carl Zeiss Meditec Group.

Microsurgery strategic business unit

In the past fiscal year, the Microsurgery strategic business unit achieved significant revenue growth and thus
maintained its already exceptionally strong market position. During fiscal year 2019/20 the robotic visualization
system KINEVO® 900 for neurosurgery and the innovative visualization system TIVATO® 700 for spinal surgery are
expected to continue to make a positive contribution

The Company expects the Microsurgery strategic business unit continue to make significant contributions to
earnings in future, too, and is optimistic that it will grow at a faster rate than the underlying market in the fiscal
year ahead. In the Company’s opinion, the marketing approval obtained for the KINEVO® 900 in China in the
fiscal year under review will also make a contribution. From a current perspective, and excluding currency effects,
the growth anticipated in fiscal year 2019/20 will be at least in the low to mid-single-digit percentage range. The
EBIT margin is also expected to remain significantly above the average for the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group.

71


--- Page 45 ---

72

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Future selling markets

As a global Company, Carl Zeiss Meditec AG's aim in the years ahead shall be to maintain as balanced a distri-
bution of revenue as possible across the individual markets. The Company sees particularly promising business
prospects for the long term in the APAC region, due to the rapid economic growth there. The research centers of
the ZEISS Group in India and China, which the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group uses for product development, shall help
to expand and secure this growth. We aim to exploit the potential in these countries to an even greater extent in
future to generate further sales growth

Future research and development activities

The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group invests considerable funds in research and development projects, with efficient and
targeted development processes playing a key role. The Company searches for new technologies and market
trends, in order to subsequently become established on the market with new solutions. To achieve this, regional
market conditions and the needs of the customers are involved in the development process from the outset. The
aim for fiscal year 2018/19 is to invest around 12 % to 13 % of revenue in research and development.

Future investments

Investments are a basic requirement to be able to maintain technology leadership in future. The investment
ratio of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group has been largely consistent over the past few years. Even the investments
required to realize growth targets shall not significantly change the current investment ratio in the coming fiscal
year. The Company plans to invest around 2 % to 3 % of its revenue in property, plant and equipment (cash) in
fiscal year 2018/19, which is on a par with prior years.

Future dividend policy

Carl Zeiss Meditec AG pursues a long-term and earnings-oriented dividend policy. The Company's management
plans to propose to the Annual General Meeting the distribution of a dividend of €0.65 per share for the past
fiscal year. The dividend ratio would therefore be 36.4 % (prior year: 39.0 %).

Future employee development

Qualified and highly motivated employees are essential for the Company's success: we need them to be able to
continue to work innovatively and profitably in future. It is crucial to keep investing in the further development
of existing employees in future, and to recruit well qualified specialists and managers. The Company therefore
expects employee growth in the coming periods to correlate with the Company's business development.

Future financial position

Interest income and expenses depend on changes in interest rates on the financial markets. At present, the
Company does not expect any marked improvements in investment conditions in the next two years. Interest
income and interest expenses are thus expected to remain around the prior year's level. As of 30 September 2019,
current cash and cash equivalents of around €677.8m are available for financing. In view of this, as well as the
ongoing expectation of positive business development and a positive cash flow from operating activities as a
result, and the possibility to use other financial instruments and sources of financing, if required, we consider the
Carl Zeiss Meditec Group's funding capacity to be adequate. In 2019/20 we aim to achieve operative cash flow
that is at least in low three-digit million range, based on active working capital management.


--- Page 46 ---

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Future opportunities

The global medical technology market is characterized by fundamentally sustainable growth. This applies to both
ophthalmology and microsurgery and assures us of good selling conditions for the Company. Additional oppor-
tunities are provided by our innovative and broad product range, which shall continue to expand in the coming
fiscal year. Our strong financial profile, which safeguards the Company's development against external influences,
should also have a positive effect. Future development shall also include external growth opportunities in some
areas. In a systematic process Carl Zeiss Meditec AG continuously looks for strategically meaningful acquisitions. It
is not possible at this point to gauge how feasible such opportunities might be.

Overall assertion on future development

At the time of publication of this Annual Report the management of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group considers the
outlook for the coming fiscal year to be positive. This assumption is also based on the persistent long-term trends
already described above.

Given the favorable conditions for market development in the medium and long term, and the Carl Zeiss Meditec
Group's good strategic position, the Company's management currently assumes that revenue will continue to
grow in the coming fiscal year, provided that general economic conditions remain stable. Revenue growth is
predicted to be at least in line with the market growth expected for the industry, which, from today's perspective
and without taking currency effects into consideration, will be at least in the low to mid-single-digit percentage
range

A crucial advantage for even greater stability of our overall business is a higher proportion of revenue with
case-number-dependent products and services, since there is generally less fluctuation in these areas than in the
capital goods business, for example. In fiscal year 2018/19, the Company achieved a share of around 34 %. From
a current perspective, we expect a further increase in fiscal year 2019/20 and in the medium term.

In fiscal year 2018/19, the EBIT margin increased significantly from 15.4 % in the prior year, to 18.1 %. An EBIT
margin of between 17 % and 19 % is expected for the coming fiscal year 2019/20. In the medium term, the
Company expects to be able to increase EBIT margin sustainably to a level above 18%.

In terms of free cash flow for fiscal year 2018/19, Carl Zeiss Meditec AG is striving for a figure in at least the low
three-digit million range. The EVA® in the coming fiscal year is expected to be at least on a similar level to fiscal
year 2018/19.

Should there be any significant changes in the economic environment currently forecast over the course of the
fiscal year, and should it thus become necessary to amend the statements made here on the development of
business from today's perspective, these amendments shall be published promptly and shall specify our expecta-
tions in more detail.

73


--- Page 47 ---

74

BACK TO CONTENTS

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

FINAL DECLARATION OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD ON THE DEPENDENT COMPANY REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 312 (3) AKTG

As a group company within Carl Zeiss AG, Carl Zeiss Meditec AG has prepared a dependent company report
pursuant to Section 312 German Stock Corporation Act (AktG). In light of the circumstances known to the
Management Board at the time the legal transactions were concluded, the companies of Carl Zeiss Meditec
AG received an appropriate consideration for each of the transactions listed in this report concerning relations
with affiliated companies. No other reportable transactions pursuant to Section 312 (1) Sentence 2 AktG were
entered into by the Company.

DECLARATION ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (PURSUANT TO SECTION 289F, 315D HGB)
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The declaration on corporate governance (pursuant to Section 289f HGB and 315d HGB) includes the
declaration of conformity pursuant to Section 161 AktG, relevant information on corporate governance
practices applied which go beyond the statutory requirements, in addition to information of where these are
publicly accessible and a description of how the Management and Supervisory Boards work, as well as the
composition and mode of working of their committees. In addition, disclosures are made concerning the
stipulation of targets for the proportion of women on the Management Board and within the next two levels
of management, including the deadlines for attaining these targets, and concerning compliance with the
minimum proportions of women and men on the Supervisory Board

The Declaration on Corporate Governance is available at www.zeiss.com/meditec-ag/investor-relations.htm!

under “Corporate Governance"

Jena, 25 November 2019

if pale

Dr. Ludwin Monz Justus Felix Wehmer Jan Willem de Cler
President and CEO Member of the Member of the
Management Board Management Board
