Introduction to the Group
"HS U&’$S$($’)*+,

1.1. Business sector

THE SMALL DOMESTIC EQUIPMENT MARKET

Over the years, Groupe SEB has forged a leadership position and
acquired a status as a global leader in Small Domestic Equipment.

This sector covers cookware and small electrical appliances ,
accounting respectively for approximately 35% and 65% of its
consumer sales.

The global Small Domestic Equipment market is divided into
many distinct national and regional markets with their own local
consumer cooking, eating and product utilization habits. It also lacks
comprehensive coverage by research panels (primarily GFK) or other
market research bodies. This, at times, makes it dif!cult to reconcile
industry ! gures (inclusion of new categories or geographic segments,
for example) in order to produce a global picture of the sector. Based
on the latest available statistics and Group estimates, the size of the
market addressed is currently estimated at approximately "47 #billion
for small electrical appliances and "24 #billion for cookware (including
kitchen utensils).

The small electrical appliances market targeted by Groupe!SEB
includes several segments varying considerably in size, and ranked
below in decreasing order of their importance in the Group’s revenue:

electrical cooking: — deep fryers, rice cookers, electrical pressure
cookers, informal meal appliances, waf$e makers, grills, toasters,
multi-cookers, and more.

beverage preparation: coffee makers (!Iter and pod), espresso
machines, electrical kettles, home beer-taps, soy milk makers and
soon.

food preparation: _ from blenders, to cooking food processors,
kitchen machines, mixers, beaters and more.

linen care: including irons and steam generators, garment

steamers, etc.

home care: canister vacuum cleaners with or without dust bag,
steam and upright vacuum cleaners, vacuum sweepers, versatile

vacuums, robots, etc.

home comfort: fans, heaters, air treatment appliances, and more.

personal care: — hair care appliances, hair removal devices, electric
hair and beard clippers, bathroom scales, etc.

Groupe#SEB has become a world leader in the small electrical
appliance market that it targets. This position is based on number
one rankings in several categories, top-tier positions in others, and a
reinforced presence in new product families.

breaks down more or
less evenly between the two segments. For cookware (mainly frying
pans, saucepans, stewing pots, pressure cookers, bakeware and
oven dishes) Groupe#SEB is theundisputed global leader and is
continuing to expand its product offering by regularly introducing new

The cookware and kitchen utensil market

materials. The kitchen utensil and accessories market includes, for
example, spatulas, ladles, skimmers, kitchen knives, vacuum $asks
and mugs, food storage boxes and containers, etc. By combining
sustained organic growth and a strategy of industry consolidation,
with the acquisition of EMSA and WMP in particular, Groupe#SEB
now ranks among the top ! ve global players in this niche. However,
its share of this highly fragmented but extremely promising market
remains limited.

At worldwide level and from a long-term perspective, the Small
Domestic Equipment sector has demonstrated its resilience

during periods of crisis and solid growth within a neutral or
positive economic environment. This performance reflects the

combined impact of various factors:

global consumption trends driven by the development of
“homemade” products and a growing interest in health and well-
being;

moderate but steady growth in most of the mature markets, with
a high ownership rate, though unevenly spread across product
families, responsiveness to innovation, a robust replacement market
and a trading up trend re$ecting demand for more functional or
higher end products. At the same time, the entry-level segment,
driven by demand for basic, low-priced products, has remained
steady;

overall solid but more volatile growth in emerging markets,
according to the general environment and events. These markets
are experiencing strong demand and their buoyant growth is fueled
by rising consumption stemming from a booming middle class,
increasing urbanization and the development of modern retail
channels, including e-commerce;

the co-existence of “global” products addressing universal needs or
easy to tailor by region with a product offering adapted to speci! c
lifestyles and consumption habits (particularly in relation to food)
in local markets;

an average sale price of around "60 for a small electrical appliance
in Western Europe, for example, largely affordable by the general
public and requiring no credit or a limited use of credit. Sales are
further boosted by in-store or online traf!c, driven by promotional
campaigns within a very competitive market environment;

strong seasonality, shared by all market players, largely linked to
the high percentage of products sold during holiday periods or for
special events (Christmas, Chinese New Year, Ramadan, Singles’
Day in China, Prime Day, Mother’s Day, etc.);

strong contributions for many years from products and solutions
developed in partnership with major consumer goods players
backed by major advertising resources, like with single-serve coffee
making, for example.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
On top of these speci! c moves, changes in distribution are playing a
crucial role in the emergence of new consumer purchasing behavior:
the rapid development in many countries — mature and emerging —
of alternative distribution networks, in particular e-commerce, has
profoundly transformed the market, boosting online sales (particularly

MULTIPLE FORMS OF COMPETITION

In a global context, the very nature of the Small Domestic Equipment
market requires a strategy that is both global and local in order to
effectively address the expectations of consumers around the globe.
The expansion of international brands, which can in some cases be
marketed under strong local/regional brands in their domestic market,
falls in line with this two-pronged approach and combines the bene! ts
of both economies of scale and solid brand positions in local markets.

On this basis, Groupe SEB is the only player boasting such broad

, supported by a portfolio containing a wealth of
global brands and brands with local leadership positions. This gives
it a strategic advantage versus a very disparate range of competitors
consisting of:

international reach

large global groups, generalists or specialists in one or two

small electrical appliance categories: Philips and Electrolux have
a diversi!ed product offering, while Dyson and Vorwerk focus on

a high-end positioning in a few product segments. These very
international players are joined by Spectrum Brands and Conair,
among others, which mainly roll out their product ranges in Europe
and the US, while Bosch-Siemens and Braun (P&G) are principally
active in Europe. De#Longhi completes the list: this major player
in coffee and food preparation is expanding its sectoral and
international presence;

major cookware and kitchen utensil manufacturers with a highly
international presence, such as the German companies Fissler and
Zwilling-Staub, Tramontina in North and South America, the US
group Meyer, Tupperware, Rubbermaid (Newell Brands), Ikea, Oxo
(Helen of Troy).

groups or companies operating primarily in their domestic

markets or a small number of reference markets: Magimix,

THE PROFESSIONAL COFFEE MARKET

The acquisition of WMF in 2016 represented a great opportunity
for Groupe SEB to enter the highly attractive market of professional
automatic coffee machines for hotels, restaurants, cafés, bakeries
and convenience stores, sometimes in partnership with coffee
roasters. At the same time, it represents a complementary strategic
diversi!cation from the consumer business focused on the Small
Domestic Equipment market.

Professional coffee machines are worth nearly "9#billion globally
(Group’s estimates), with "6#billion for equipment and "3#billion
for service activities. Although automatic beverage/coffee vending

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR’

Introduction to the Group
"HS U&’$S$($’)*+,

for small electrical appliances), often to the detriment of retailers with
a traditional physical presence. As a result, growth in this market is
currently being broadly driven by e-commerce: major online specialists
(pure players like Amazon, Tmall, JD.com, Cnova, etc.) as well as the
websites of initially “physical” retailers (“bricks-and-mortar” retailers).

Taurus, Imetec, Severin, in particular, in several European countries;
Arcelik in Turkey; Bork and Polaris in Russia; Newell Brands, which
is present in North America, Hamilton Beach Brands and SharkNinja
(owned by Joyoung since 2018) on the American continent; Mallory,
Mondial, Britania in South America; and Panasonic, Midea and
Joyoung in Asia;

leading players — at minimum in the high-end segment —
concentrating on a single product category : in small electrical
appliances with innovative technologies, such as iRobot (vacuums),
or with high-end positioning, such as Jura (coffee machines); and
in cookware, for example the French company Le Creuset, which
specializes in cast iron cookware;

private labels or white label goods in large part focused
on aggressively priced entry-level products from Chinese
sub-contractors which, however, have a market share that is
weak overall in terms of small electrical appliances. Conversely,
int#tookware, the Group’s main competitors internationally are often
private labels;

Asian players gaining traction in the domestic and international
markets xiaomi and new companies being launched on the internet
!rst (Instant Pot, Cecotec);

companies which have activities and brands in both B2B and
consumer segments, as in the cases of KitchenAid (Whirlpool),
Magimix (Robot-Coupe), Jura and Vorwerk, for example.

Generally speaking, in both small electrical appliances and cookware,
competition is intense and has been reinforced by additional pressure
on prices exerted by retailers in order to maintain or boost traf! c in
stores in response to strong momentum in e-commerce.

machines make up most of the equipment, the ! Iter coffee segment
represents around 10% of the global market (excluding services) and
the speci!c segment of full-automatic espresso machines around 25%
of the total equipment market.

Through its two brands, WMF and Schaerer, Groupe#SEB is the
world leader in the highly concentrated market of full-automatic
espresso machines, in which Franke, Thermoplan and Melitta are also
international benchmark players. Cimbali, Rancilio (Egro brand) and
Jura also hold strong positions in speci! c segments.
Introduction to the Group
"HS U&’$S$($’)*+,

The automatic espresso machines market is characterized by
solid momentum in sales, led by marked growth in out-of-home
consumption of specialty and premium coffees. A dynamic core
business is regularly boosted by signi!cant equipment or machine
replacement contracts with major fast food chains, convenience stores
or service stations, which has an accelerator effect on growth but also
creates volatility.

Through the acquisition of Wilbur Curtis in the United States in early
2019, the Group has also gained a foothold in the professional ! Iter
coffee segment — a mature market with regular growth — which is still
a major coffee consumption benchmark in the US, with trends moving
towards the premium segment, led by the younger generation. Wilbur
Curtis’ recognized expertise, its very broad customer portfolio and its
huge US presence have made it the number two in the professional US
!Iter coffee segment, with around one-quarter of the market.

In general terms, the professional coffee machine market is diversifying
in terms of offering, meeting a demand that is both wider (extension
of coffee ranges offered) and more speci! c (increased customization).
Demand is therefore now often for a dual !Iter/espresso machine.
Against this background, all the machines rely on cutting-edge
technology to guarantee fully automatic preparation and constant
quality to produce a good cup of coffee, every time. They are also
increasingly connected, to optimize customer relations, enable
provisional maintenance operations, manage a $eet of machines and
organize marketing events (happy hours, drink of the day, etc.).

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Introduction to the Group
“(ot W/OD (2,43*4($ #725

1.2. Apro! table growth strategy

On the one hand, Groupe SEB’s expansion is

based on a strategy of steady organic growth, driven by a strong

product innovation policy, a global presence, an unrivaled brand portfolio within the industry and a capacity to work
with all distribution channels. On the other hand, it relies on a constant improvment of competitiveness, which is
achieved via a complete manufacturing base and a rigorous and responsible purchasing policy.

A STRONG PRODUCT INNOVATION DYNAMIC

Embedded into the Group’s strategy and values from the outset, innovation aims to respond to expectations and anticipate consumer needs
worldwide. It is in fact a key driver of development and differentiation, giving the Group the leading edge required to stay ahead of the competition
and !ght commoditization. By virtue of its ability to offer new products, designs, solutions or differentiated marketing approaches, the Group

endeavors to effectively stand out and provide real added

value for consumers as part of its mission to make everyday life easier. Innovation

also allows it to help consumers move towards more responsible habits in terms in particular of nutrition, health and environmental footprint.
The convergence between innovation and sustainable development is gradually becoming a reality.

1857 1944

Creation of a tin-plating
workshop in Selongey in the

The company takes the name
S.E.B. (Société d’Emboutissage

1972

First Tefal waf$e maker
with removable non-stick

1954

The !rst Tefal non-stick
pan and the ! rst Calor

Burgundy region, France de Bourgogne) steam iron plates
O O O O O O O O
1932 1953 1967 1978
First hand-crank food mill Launch of the Super Cocotte Seb invents the odorless First Tefal
by#Moulinex pressure cooker, which was electric fryer raclette grill
to give rise to the Seb brand
1994
Seb Clipso pressure cooker 1981
with innovative opening First Calor
2004 1996 mechanism electronic
Repelente anti-mosquito Arno self-cleaning Dymbo compact vacuum iron
fan#by Arno blender cleaner by Rowenta
O O e O O O e O
2006 2000 1995 1990
Actifry, “low-fat” fryer Thermospot by Tefal Pots and pans with Ingenio Aquagliss iron with

with#only a spoonful of oil

(heat#indicator integrated

removable handles by Tefal anti-limescale cartridges

in#the nonstick surface)

2012

Cookeo multicooker by Moulinex,
Freemove cordless iron, and
Steampod, the professional
hair-straightening solution,
in#partnership with L’Oréal

2018

Smart Force range, robot vacuum cleaners#
“Vacuum Nutrition Plus” Blender#from#Supor
Cake Factory, home cake-making machine

Commercial partnership with the Click
&#Grow#company, leader in indoor gardens

2014

Cookeo Connect,
the#connected version
of Cookeo

2007 2013

Silence Force vacuum
cleaner by Rowenta

Cuisine Companion,
the !rst cooking food
processor by Moulinex and
Optigrill, the intelligent grill

2019

Air Force Flex, a $exible and
versatile upright vacuum cleaner

Steam’Up, an inverted steam
cooker

Connected robot vacuums

2017

Air Force 360, the all-in-
one cordless handstick
versatile vacuum cleaner
Body Partner by Tefal, the
connected scale

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT] 2219
Introduction to the Group
“(+ I/O (2,43*4($*,/?25

"HB %o&’ ()E+" S$) (F+-%(

The Group’s history is one of continual innovations and breakthroughs
incorporating unique concepts, new features and ingenious
discoveries. These innovations have been reflected in tangible
advances in the everyday life of consumers. Iconic products, such
as the Seb pressure cooker or the Moulinex hand-crank food mill,
paved the way for the !rst electrical appliances in the 1950s and

1960s: irons, coffee grinders, the Charlotte and Marie multi-purpose
food processors, etc. The design of products making everyday life
easier and eliminating tedious tasks continued to develop at a faster
pace in the 1960s and 1970s with new steam irons, vacuum cleaners,
food preparation equipment and the launch by Seb of odorless deep
fryers. The 1970s and 1980s marked the arrival of more sophisticated
functions with the introduction of many electronically enhanced
products: bathroom scales, programmable coffee machines, etc. This
era also saw the catching on of new lifestyles, resected in the launch of
user-friendly appliances such as the raclette grill and home espresso
coffee makers. In the decade from 1990 to 2000, both Groupe#SEB
and Moulinex brought new simplicity to the world of small electrical
appliances, including pressure cookers with easy closing mechanisms,
removable handles for frying pans and saucepans, compact vacuum
cleaners with triangular-shaped heads, coffee makers incorporating
doser-grinders, frying pans with a visual heat indicator, food processors
including storage systems, etc.

Over the past decade, the process of renewing the product offering
has been broadened and accelerated, via in particular:

partnerships developed with leading food industry operators :
giving the Group access to product categories such as pod
coffee machines and home beer-tapping machines professional
straigtheners;

the introduction of a certain number of breakthrough
innovations and products with new functionality , in response to
consumer expectations and changes in major social trends - such
as homemade, convenience, nutrition and health, well-being, etc.
The $agship products included in particular:

Actifry oil-free fryer,

smart devices, offering guaranteed results (the Cookeo pressure
multi-cooker, the Cuisine Companion cooking food processor,
the Optigrill grill),

a full range of vacuum cleaners (canister, upright, steam,
convertible, robots, etc.) offering advanced performance and a
!ne-tuned ergonomic approach,

high speed or vacuum blenders that, by removing air from the
bowl while mixing, reduce the oxidization of food, conserving
its nutritional value (Supor vacuum blenders in China, Moulinex
Freshboost in the European market),

spherical pot rice cookers in China, inspired by traditional
cooking methods, that distribute the heat more evenly,

Access Steam portable garment steamers or the Ixeo all-in-
one ironing solutions (ironing and steaming combined with an
adjustable, portable ironing board) re$ecting new uses in linen
care;

the Cake Factory cake maker (2018 Trophée LSA de I’ Innovation),

the new form of steam cooking offered by Steam’Up, directly in the
dish or plate, retaining textures and $avors (Janus#industry price
in 2019), that reSects a demand for healthy and tasty#cooking;

, with both the
development of connected products to allow consumers to get
more out of their appliances, plus associated services offered as
part of a global ecosystem, such as recipes updated on a mobile
app, tutorials, shopping list management, etc. The !rst Groupe

SEB connected appliances (including the Cookeo Connect multi-
cooker or the i-Companion cooking food processor by Moulinex,
the Cooking Connect kitchen scales or the Body Partner bathroom
scales by Tefal, the Intense Pure Air air puri!ers by Rowenta, etc.)

aim to provide more customization, ef!ciency and immediacy when

using the product: help with recipes using their tablet or telephone,
tracking their weight and looking after their !gure in addition to

sports and nutritional coaching via an app, remote management
and checking of interior air quality in the home, etc. The user
experience is being continually enhanced and re! ned in this area;
the launch of the Cookeo Touch and i-Companion#XL Touch models
in March#2020, with WiFi connectivity, is raising the bar in terms of
ease of use and meal preparation, range of recipes, intuitiveness
and multi-functionality.

the increased digitalization of the offering

Through these product/application pairings, the Group now
brings together a community of over 6 !million members. The
acquisition in November#2018 of 750g International, renamed
Groupe SEB Media, a digital media publisher and food services
provider in Germany, Spain, Italy, Portugal, Brazil, USA and United
Kingdom, made it possible to further reinforce this domain on the
back of increased expertise in digital cooking. With a community of
10#million Facebook fans, 450,000#members and 5,000#bloggers,
Groupe SEB Media focuses on several key sectors: digital content
publishing technologies, a portfolio of 90,000#recipes in five
languages, associated with several services such as the creation
of original culinary content on major digital platforms (Facebook,
Instagram, Google, Pinterest, etc.);

a strong commitment by the Group to encourage a quality

diet, that is healthy, tasty and responsible all at the same

time . This comes under the “Cooking for Good ” pillar of the
Group’s sustainable development strategy, which recommends
homemade over processed products, with a view to achieving
a more balanced diet. Group products are fully in keeping with
this approach allowing easy and time-saving cooking that is tasty,
varied and healthy. This health commitment is expressed through
an organization that is underpinned by a Food Sciences unit within
the Research department that brings together agri-food engineers
and a nutritionist. It can also be seen through various research
projects in which the Group is participating, particularly in Europe:
InnoLife European consortium, EIT Health program, Cook2Health
project, Proveggas research program (Gastronomic Vegetable
Proteins) focused on leguminous plants, in partnership with the
“Diet, nutrition and eating behavior” Chair at the AgroParisTech
University, etc.

The Group’s innovation strategy now fully incorporates issues
surrounding sustainability and major growing current trends, (efforts
to combat food waste, daily practices that have less impact, energy
ef! ciency, inclusive design, product repairability, recyclability and
the circular economy, $exitarianism, which favors plant protein over
animal protein) with key internal research projects such as Cook for
the Planet or Home for the Planet which it is hoped will bring out
the responsible innovations of the future.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
1"-).7/$/0"0(.1(+-& 1

INNOVATION

PROFITABLE VALUE
CREATION
for the Group for retailers
iW INNOVATION
POLICY

KS

Customer

SATISFACTION
AND LOYALTY

Groupe#SEB’s innovation strategy is consistent with a pragmatic
approach to creation of the product offering; the launch of new
products is the result of in-depth analysis of consumer needs (both
expressed and latent needs), the invention of breakthrough concepts,
the use of new technologies and the creation of differentiating or one-
of-a-kind designs. For Groupe#SEB, innovation is part of a virtuous
circle: as a creator of value for customers/retailers and a source
of progress and satisfaction for consumers, it generates pro!table
growth, making it possible to reinvest in innovation to restart the cycle.

On an organizational front, the Group implements its innovation
strategy through a community of some 1,500#employees working in
R&D, marketing and design, using collaborative tools that facilitate
a group dynamic and best practices that are key to the emergence
of innovation. These teams are continually incorporating new
methods, technologies and skills in !elds as varied as production
processes, materials, ergonomics, energy consumption, repairability
or recyclability. Aside from this organization, the Group aims to involve
all employees in its innovation policy. The All innovators challenge
has, since 2017, been the key to this process with more entities being
continually added (Ecully Campus in 2017, French sites in 2019);
this internal competition, which is voted upon by employees and
Innovation panels, is intended to allow everyone to bring their ideas
to life, to invent the world of the future. The Group plans to continue
deploying this system internationally.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT] 2259

Introduction to the Group
“(+ 1/01? (2,43*4($*,/°25

In parallel, in order to accelerate new product development and
launches, in 2018 Groupe SEB set up a Global Innovation Hub for

the small electrical appliance business at its Ecully headquarters,
bringing together close to 230#employees from the marketing and
research teams on a single site. The Rumilly French site is also the
Global Innovation Centre for the cookware business. In mid-2018, it
gained a new tool, a joint Research Laboratory in partnership with
the Claude Bernard Lyon#1 University and the CNRS to intensity its
breakthroughs in the coatings and materials sector. New laboratories
for the Research teams were also commissioned at end-2019 on
the Rumilly site to ramp up its technical and scienti!c innovation
capabilities.

Moreover, inspired by the Fab Labs, labs dedicated to creativity and
materialization, Groupe SEB now has two SEBLabs , which bring
together the various tools conducive to new product creation. These
spaces for experimentation bring together mixed teams (marketing,
research, design, internal and external experts) to work on the same
project in short sessions (four days on average): the aim is to shorten
the innovation cycle for certain products and identify the potential
of new ideas more quickly. The !rst of these “SEBLabs” is at the
headquarters and has already hosted countless working meetings on
a range of topics since it was set up in 2016. The second, SEBLAB@
EMSA, located at the EMSA production site in Emsdetten (Germany),
began operating in 2018 and reinforced EMSA’s role as the Groupe
SEB skills center for food storage (storage containers), vacuum mugs
and jugs.

The Group’s innovation process is also open to outside partners:
universities or schools, engineering ! rms, test laboratories, research
institutes or other companies with which the Group cooperates on
major projects. Collaboration with these research networks allow it to
accelerate its innovation process, expand its scope of intervention and
bene! t from additional tools and expertise in a broad range of ! elds
(materials, information and communications technologies, electrical
engineering, food sciences and technologies, etc.). The Group also
contributes to better living and general health as an EIT Knowledge
Innovation Community member and is a major stakeholder in France
and international markets within the FoodTech ecosystem that seeks
to anticipate new food-related trends. In association with many other
companies specialized in different sectors (food industry, consumer
goods, digital transition, etc.), the Group takes part in these projects
by designing and marketing connected objects, developing a culinary
platform with Orange, launching an online cooking platform (www.
foodle.fr) and developing partnerships with both large groups and
start-ups.
Introduction to the Group
“(5+ */01 (2,43*4($* 725

In parallel, all inventors, scientists, researchers and designers wishing
to collaborate with the Group may submit their invention or innovation
via the dedicated “Innovate with SEB” website. The site offers three
ways of working together: propose an invention, join the Groupe#SEB
innovation network or take part in challenges based around themes.

The SEB&You community also directly involves consumers in the
innovation process, inviting them to test new concepts or areas of
innovation. This community, founded in 2015, continues to expand and
now has more than 4,000#members representative of the population.
Since it started, 3,520 products have thus been tested (as against
2,140 at end-2018).

*12$.")%-+0(*+%(0")%o") Fo Vo$-'$%"
1%3")Jo( +H, (/!#"4.$4-+4.(1

Each year, the Group invests significant amounts in strategic
marketing, R&D, product design and range optimization in order to
better target consumer expectations, enabling it to stand out as one
of the most innovative players in its industry. In 2019, "267 #million
was invested in innovation ("247 million in 2018). The R&D teams
have been significantly strengthened over the last few years, in
terms of both employee numbers and employee qualifications,
with the hiring of highly specialized engineers, for instance. These
specialists bring expertise in cutting-edge ! elds such as coatings and
materials, communication and connectivity technologies, motors, food
processing, sensors, etc.

Other investment in innovation: intellectual property . The Group’s
product innovations give rise to patent applications (circa 500 per
annum — 383#!lings in 2019 worldwide — 492 in 2018) and the ! ling
of designs along with other intellectual property assets protected by
copyright (such as a large database of cooking recipe photographs).

In parallel, to avoid infringing existing industrial property rights,
new product projects are subject to a freedom to operate analysis
(trademarks, designs and patents) before validation and launch.

Nevertheless, the recognition enjoyed by Groupe#SEB’s brands as well
as the visibility and success of its innovations lead to the infringement
of various intellectual property rights (patents, trademarks, designs),
cybersquatting (registration of a domain name that matches a
protected trademark), and phishing. The Group thus allocates the
budgets required to protect and develop our key intangible assets
such as trademarks and innovation, and to combat counterfeiting. Its
strategy of targeted registration (trademarks, designs, etc.) considers
the sales outlook and high-risk countries. On top of this, an anti-
counterfeiting policy is systematically applied:

in the !eld, primarily in high-risk countries such as China and the
Middle East (monitoring of trade fairs, investigations, customs
seizures, legal actions, destruction of molds and inventories) as
well as in high-stake trading countries;

on the internet (marketplaces, websites) thanks to a global
monitoring system that generates regular reports and makes it
possible to take rapid action to remove online copies and combat
trademark infringement and cybersquatting.

Competitive intelligence is also an integral part of the product
innovation and development processes. The Group has added speci! c
expertise in this area (technological intelligence analysts).

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
IN 2019

SEB ALLIANCE
6 & (*+(%,-*/0

e CATHAY

INNOVATION
INN@VACOM SUS)

®kreaxi a

WHS" FS’ ()!*+$!
St ¥-+(

5456$%7789(,’ $8:$9$:&/9&’ ;8,$<8(9(,897
8(=:&>/$8($KIY$<@():

3!ssetarget sectors
"HO #1) L14,"+C2)3+
4+005+* 17 #1C &)&%0#"*) VP H/+*1/
6+(%,*1/"2+' +1-*$)13+1"#0°7))"&$*1"

68.”,)00#5)$#"*)1
91"+8 14") 1#0" |) &e+
YT :2* 2? :%$) 8e+<
"24 =>#1C 22*1#

"O+5" l##)!%,+6"7)%!%,) To &"!%03"4!.(Fo+.)Vo&"
8)(9")%%$-!()-+"0(!.C/40

In May#2011, the Group created an investment company, SEB Alliance,
to improve its technology monitoring system by investing in innovative,
technology-focused companies in areas such as connected home
and digital applications, robotics, well-being and population aging,
and reducing the environmental footprint.

In this context, SEB Alliance favors acquiring minority stakes. SEB
Alliance has invested directly in around 15#companies since it was
created, in areas that are consistent with Groupe SEB’s strategic areas
for innovation, and could result in consumer applications, such as:

! digital/Big Data with Alkemics, which specializes in product
information exchange between brands and retailers; another brain,
which specializes in bio-inspired arti! cial intelligence;

beauty/health with Feeligreen, which has developed active
and passive patch technologies for cosmetic and therapeutic
applications;

the internet of Things with SeniorAdom (remote assistance that
enables people with reduced mobility to remain at home) and Lumi
(home automation products) or connected robotic products with
RobArt (smart navigation solutions);

air purification with Ethera, which has developed solutions to
measure and purify indoor air;

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT] 2259

> 2 000

"ATK
Watchiissnea

Introduction to the Group
<4 NAIL (2,43*4(S*,/°25

SINCE 2011

92 12!3"$#45%6#$"$ 147%
15 TH:A1<%#$=45<!4$<5

7 7 H$THA1<%H#S=45<!4$<5

"SUS (J+? ,’-/$01"2

R&Business

B2?2"C2;"<#2$

@$)""ASHV#IC I" F(H4!
)BG-+0)&3+1"
2)334$, "#0" &H#S"14$12*&!

water ! Itration with Memtech, offering !Itration solutions based on
an innovative membrane technology;

foodtech with Click & Grow, specialized in solutions for indoor
vegetable gardens;

digital consumer services with Glovo, which specializes in home
delivery.

These companies provide technological “bricks” that the Group can
use to accelerate in certain areas of innovation. For example, the
collaboration with Ethera has resulted in the creation of a new range
of air puri! ers (Intense Pure Air by Rowenta); and, more recently, the
new range of robot vacuum cleaners by Rowenta has been launched,
incorporating RobArt navigation technology.

To further expand the scope of its watch and its ecosystem in the

United States, in China and in very speci!c sectors, SEB Alliance

has also forged strategic partnerships with six innovation investment

funds (Cathay Innovation, Technocom#2/Innovacom, Xange Digital#3,
ARAC#3/Kreaxi, SOSV, BTOV) that the company may support as a
co-investor.
Introduction to the Group
“(5+ */01 (2,43*4($* 725

A PORTFOLIO OF DIFFERENTIATED AND COMPLEMENTARY BRANDS

The Group has a portfolio of 31#brands, the largest in its industry,
which is a powerful asset in its strategy of pro!table growth. This multi-
brand strategy gives it both broad and deep coverage of its markets.

The Group’s digitization strategy is fully integrated with the positioning
and communication of these brands in their markets.

Each brand has a clearly de! ned identity that is expressed through its
product selection, functionalities and the look of its products, or its
communication platform. There are three main sub-groups:

Consumer brands __ that are very well known and whose coverage
is global (Tefal, Rowenta, Moulinex and Krups) or regional (Arno in
Brazil, Supor in China, Imusa in Colombia, and Seb and Calor in
France). These brands’ coverage may vary greatly depending on
the product family; from specialist brands (such as Moulinex and
Krups in small electrical appliances and cookware, and Rowenta
in non-cookware electrics for example) to more general brands
(Tefal and Supor).

Premium brands#(WMF, Lagostina, All-Clad and Silit), distributed
through selective channels. These are managed in a speci! c way,
guaranteeing strong, uniform expression of their identity and values
(communication, design, pricing policy, etc.).

A GLOBAL AND DIVERSIFIED PRESENCE

Over the last 40#years, the Group has successfully developed strong
positions across all continents with a commercial presence in nearly
150#countries as a result of an expansion strategy combining internal
growth with acquisitions.

The scope of its product offering and ability to adapt to the speci! c
needs of different markets has helped the Group build strong local
positions. We have leadership positions in Western Europe, Central
Europe, Russia, Turkey, China, Japan, Colombia, Mexico, etc.

This “multi-local” presence thus allows the Group to seize opportunities
for pro!table growth in the countries in which it has a presence, and
to diversify its exposure to different economies.

In 2019, the Group did 55% of sales in mature markets and 45%
in emerging markets with a very balanced Consumer business and
greater exposure to mature markets in the B2B segment.

! BtoB brands (WMF, Schaerer, Wilbur Curtis, Hepp) sell coffee
machines and hotel equipment, only in B2B and mainly to hotels,
large restaurant chains and local shops.

In October 2019, Krampouz joined the portfolio of Group brands.
Krampouz markets its products (crepe pans, planchas, waf$e makers)
for professionals and consumers.

In addition to the management of its brand portfolio, the Group pursues
a strategy of partnerships to develop new concepts and step up its
sales through the co-branding of two high-pro! le brands. Accounting
for between 5% and 10% of revenue, these partnerships are major
drivers of innovation and growth for the Group. Joint development
agreements have also been signed with major names in the food
industry, such as Nestlé for Nespresso and Dolce Gusto, and Heineken
for BeerTender and The SUB, and in the cosmetics industry, such as
L’Oréal for Steampod. Some partnerships also improve our corporate
image, associating our products with other brands or organizations
(WWF, etc.), under licensing agreements with brands such as the
Elite modeling agency (Rowenta), or with endorsement contracts, like
cookware lines developed in collaboration with renowned chefs such
as Jamie Oliver or Pierre Gagnaire (Tefal).

DISTRIBUTION OF SALES IN 2019

Other Asian countries

8%

China é

6G . Wiesiam

° | 17,354M  B........... Europe
© +5.8% like-for-like® | 38%

South America

4% .

NonnvAmenes - ; Other EMEA countries
01 . J ttnnnninnesnatninmnnnnines

12%

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Introduction to the Group
“(+ 1/01? (2,43*4($*,/°25

A MULTI-CHANNEL DISTRIBUTION STRATEGY

The Group works with an extremely large and diverse network of
distributors, giving it a decisive competitive edge. It develops
constructive long-term relationships with customers on the basis of
the most extensive product offering on the market and with strong
brands, which are vectors of growth and pro! tability for each of the
parties.

The network mainly comprises mass food retailers, specialist retailers
as well as convenience stores or groups of independents, which are
still overweighted in most emerging markets. The percentage of online
sales continues to grow rapidly (more than one quarter of consumer
revenue in 2019), driven by both e-commerce specialists (pure players)
and bricks-and-mortar retailers, including specialist brands, as they
ramp up their online presence (Click & Mortar).

In addition, the Group also has a network of stores, either directly
operated or under franchise, numbering more than 1,345 at the end
of 2019: their positioning may be multi-brand (Home & Cook and Tefal
Shops) or mono-brand (Supor Lifestores and, more recently, WMF).
This network, which is the Group’s biggest customer, represents
nearly 7% of total consolidated revenue, but its contribution may
exceed more than 20% in some countries (e.g. Turkey and Japan).
This network allows the Group to better understand consumer
expectations, to adjust offers to market trends and to optimize
marketing with our distribution partners.

"81% 8? Jo()!*+)8,**)-.%ol0" SH

$86" 4 Sel

ie me

bees 5 LO)

2a erm Sen reece) 123
123

cn STARR

113

W"H$%E& ()*(4-°0),

4&5$" & Fo+)6°"1 &).-&TH*08&9&2#"()" +)/0)1*2*-3*#)45067

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT] 2279

Customer relations is one of the Group’s core concerns and it seeks
operational excellence both in the supply chain, to guarantee the best
levels of service, and in-store, to ensure that its products are promoted
on its customers’ shelves and websites. This approach is supported by
investment in marketing and advertising, which has been signi! cantly
strengthened in recent years, amounting "460 million in#2019.
The#objectives remain as follows:

! further strengthen brand and product recognition through
advertising;

! continue to roll out the best in-store execution through category
management, effective merchandising, the creation of dedicated
shop-in-shops and promotional events;

! guide and support the launch of new products;

accelerate digital marketing (brand websites, digital campaigns,#data
marketing, etc.) and support the ramp up of e-commerce sales: in
2019 digital has represented 50% of our media investments.
Introduction to the Group
“(5+ */01 (2,43*4($* 725

AN ACTIVE ACQUISITION POLICY

1968 1988
Acauisition of Tefal and its European subsidiaries 1973 Acquisition of the German
(Germany, Belgium, Denmark, Netherlands, Italy) Creation of Groupe SEB company, Rowenta
O O O O O
1972 1975
Acquisition of Calor Initial public offering of SEB S.A.
2011
Acauisition of Imusa in Colombia and Asia
Fan in Vietnam - 1997-98
Acquisition of a majority shareholding ; Acquisitions of the
in#the#Indian company, Maharaja Whiteline 2005 Brazilian company, Arno,

Creation of the SEB Alliance investment#fund

Acauisition of an additional 20% capital
interest in Supor

2007

Acquisition of a majority
shareholding in the Chinese
company, Supor

2016
Capital stake in Supor increased to 81%
Acquisition in Germany of EMSA

Acauisition of WMF, the world leader
in#professional automatic coffee machines
and leader in cookware in Germany

2015

Acquisition of the
Scandinavian company,
OBH#Nordica

2017

Swizzz Prozzz

Acquisitions complement the Group’s organic growth strategy. As
an operator in the Small Domestic Equipment market, which is still
highly fragmented, the Group has positioned itself as the industry
consolidator in recent years and its many acquisitions have enabled it
to achieve leadership status in many countries and product categories.

In addition to accurately identifying the target company and having
the necessary !nancial capacity, external growth requires an ability
to integrate new acquisitions effectively and to generate synergies.

Acquisitions of the Brazilian
company, Panex, and the
Italian company, Lagostina

Acquisition of the Swiss company,

and the Colombian
company, Volmo
(Samurai brand)

O O
2004 2001
Acauisition of All-Clad Moulinex-Krups
takeover

2018

Creation of Groupe SEB Egypt Zahran, 55%
owned by Groupe SEB and 45% by Zahran
Acauisition of 750g International, publisher
of cooking websites and services

2019

Acauisition of Wilbur Curtis, number
two in professional ! Iter coffee
machines in the United States

Acquisition of the Krampouz
company that specializes in crepe
pans and planchas

Groupe#SEB has built up considerable experience over the years in
integrating new acquisitions. Following the takeover of Moulinex-Krups
in#2001-2002 after it !led for bankruptcy, it acquired All-Clad in the
United States in#2004, Panex in Brazil and Lagostina in Italy in#2005,
and a controlling interest in China-based Supor in late 2007. The latter
stood out because of the major challenges it presented (geographical
and cultural remoteness, language barrier, more complex integration,
coordination of communications between two listed companies, etc.).

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Subsequently, the Group increased its controlling interest in several
stages (+20% in December#2011, +1.6% in January#2015, and +7.91%
in June#2016) bringing our current holding up to 81.18%.

Furthermore, in February#2011, the Group acquired Imusa, a
Colombian cookware company. In May#2011, it took control of a
Vietnamese company - Asia Fan - specializing in the production
and sale of fans, and in December, it acquired a 55% stake in an
Indian company — Maharaja Whiteline — specializing in small electrical
appliances. In#2014, it announced the acquisition of the remaining
shares of Maharaja Whiteline and Asia Fan. In 2015, it acquired
OBH Nordica, a major operator in small electrical appliances in the
Scandinavian markets.

2016 marked a new stage for the Group with two strategic acquisitions
in Germany.

The Group first acquired EMSA, specialized in the design,
manufacturing and distribution of kitchen utensils and accessories.
EMSA is a well-known brand in German-speaking countries and is the
market leader in thermoware and food storage containers in Germany.
It is also present in the rest of Europe and the Middle East.

The Group then acquired WMF, a German industrial $agship with two
major business lines: coffee machines and hotel equipment, as well
as consumer equipment (cookware and small electrical appliances).
Through this strategic acquisition, Groupe SEB:

acquired a solid worldwide leadership in the very attractive
professional automatic espresso machines market characterized
by strong growth, high pro!tability and signi!cant recurring revenue,

re$ecting important contributions from after-sales operations;

considerably strengthened our position in the cookware segment
by becoming the leader in Germany, with, in particular, a high-end
stainless steel product offering;

gave a further boost to our development, following EMSA’s
acquisition in the key kitchen utensils and accessories market;

consolidated our portfolio by adding strong new brands including
the iconic WMF as well as Schaerer, Silit, Kaiser, and Hepp;

accessed a network of 200#proprietary retail outlets in Germany,
providing a powerful vehicle for promoting our image and sales.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR’

Introduction to the Group
“(ot W/OD (2,43*4($ #725

In 2017, the Group continued its expansion in kitchen utensils with
the acquisition of Swiss company Swizzz Prozzz, a specialist in mini
hand choppers. 2018 was notable for two operations: ! rstly, the launch
of a joint venture with our long-term local partner in Egypt, Groupe
SEB Egypt Zahran, 55%-owned by the Group and 45% by Zahran;
secondly, the acquisition of 750g International, which publishes
cooking services websites, thus opening up new opportunities for
the Group’s digital approach.

In February#2019, the Group acquired the US specialist in professional
filter coffee machines, Wilbur Curtis, number two in the market,
bringing a solid complementary range of products, prices, customers
and territorial coverage to WMF-Schaerer’s footprint in automatic
espresso machines in the United States.

In October#2019, Groupe SEB !nalized the acquisition of Krampouz, a
French company specialized in designing, manufacturing and selling
crepe makers, waf$e makers, planchas and grills for businesses and
individuals. Krampouz rounds out both the Group’s professional
product offering and our premium consumer product lines and can
now take advantage of the Group’s extensive distribution network in
France and abroad. In return, Krampouz is expanding the Group’s
network with the home improvement and gardening brands where
they are sold.
Introduction to the Group
“(5+ */01 (2,43*4($* 725

THE NEED FOR COMPETITIVENESS

This vital element to all industrial groups is complementary to
growth. The Group’s competitiveness is based on a powerful and
versatile manufacturing base, continuous improvement of industrial
productivity, optimization of purchasing and supply chain and
continual simpli!cation of structures and processes.

1"4$8+.7/#"!%3"-+.0!(#+"
*V%ITN 1.) %&"S 10+

Throughout the world, the Group’s manufacturing base is set to
respond to market characteristics:

European manufacturing targets mainly mature markets. French
and European plants are dedicated to products for which the
Group is a market leader. To this end, the Group takes advantage of
technological barriers in relation to product concepts or processes;

manufacturing in emerging markets focuses on the needs of these
markets and, for mature markets, on products for which the Group
wishes to retain control of its speci!c technologies (concerning
products and process);

outsourcing production for basic products or those for which the
Group lacks a strong leadership position or as part of partnership
arrangements.

Following the acquisition of Krampouz in 2019, the Group’s production
facilities include 42#plants, producing around 65% of the products sold
by the Group worldwide. The other 35% are outsourced, in particular
in China.

"#$.96" 8 $"()*(44, A190! 0$"()*
S*S 1 )PE(4*1.0.28.%*3456

+" (SHB.
18

$&cH#t

The Group’s industrial strategy aims to best serve markets by
continuously improving competitive performance and quality over
the long term.

The Group’s industrial competitiveness comes from its edge as a
designer of products, especially through its centers of expertise and
technological centers:

the centers of product expertise bring together the speci! c expertise
in research and development, industrialization and production for a
given product category;

the technological centers reinforce the centers of product expertise
through their knowledge of key technologies in relation to materials,
plastics, and electronics.

At relevant sites, project platforms foster collaboration between
marketing teams and centers of industrial expertise in the development
of the product offering. This makes it possible to promote the
concept of the “technical basis” to standardize sub-assemblies and
components, in order to be more responsive to customer demand.

To ensure and optimize the competitiveness of its manufacturing base,
the Group continues to adapt its factories, taking account of economic
market realities by adjusting production volumes or rescaling sites,
transferring operations from one entity to another, re! tting sites, strict
control of manufacturing costs, refocusing production and outsourcing
according to needs.

In February#2018, the Group announced the transfer of the linen care
plastics activity from the historical Saint Jean de#Bournay site to the
linen care assembly site in Pont-Evéque. This project, requiring an
investment of around "15#million, is currently underway and should
be completed in spring#2020 with the transfer of equipment and staff,
all of whom will keep their jobs.

The project is intended to increase productivity by shortening $ows,
improve $exibility by bringing together the production teams on a
single site, thus making them more versatile, and !nally improve
working conditions, in a modern, high-performance production
environment.

In July#2019, WMF launched a program aimed at improving the
company’s competitiveness and overall performance.

Indeed, two and a half years into WMF’s integration, the Professional
Coffee Machine business (PCM) over-delivered against initial
ambitions and with highly promising growth prospects. Conversely,
the Consumer business underperformed despite ongoing investment.

This program is based on:
! increased investment in the PCM business, particularly through

ramping up production capacity along with logistics investments
in Geislingen, Germany;

! acorrective action plan for the Consumer business that includes:

! transferring the production of stainless steel cookware from
Geislingen to other Groupe SEB plants in Europe by end-2020,
something that will signi!cantly improve competitiveness,

! consolidating logistics operations in Germany in the Dornstadt
warehouse.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
S%o()Vol #"$40)*):!0$%"
$7"")%3/0(.)!#"4.$3/,0-)1

In early 2013, the Group introduced the PCO (Product Cost
Optimization) project which aims to reduce the cost price of existing
products, optimize the future product offering, and increase perceived
value. The approach consists in applying a method for analyzing
products and taking into account consumer concerns by involving
experts (R&D, marketing, design, manufacturing, etc.) as part of
multidisciplinary group workshops, to challenge existing solutions
and invent new ones.

In parallel, the global industrial and operational excellence program,
OPS (Opération Performance SEB), launched in 2011, continued to roll
out “fundamentals” (5S, TPM, etc.) to achieve further improvements
in the productivity of the Group’s sites. This practical program of
continuous performance improvement:

links health and performance in all Group improvement projects;

involves all hierarchical levels (managers, technicians, operators)
of all departments;

aims to share best practices, so as to build a real Group
manufacturing culture;

results in a common language with the aim of promoting a Group
spirit;

is re$ected in a single, scalable framework resulting from a fully
collaborative approach.

Since its launch, the OPS program has enabled the Group to ensure
a high level of quality in both its processes and its products. The
commitment of the new sites acquired by the Group to incorporating
these principles is a highly effective way of introducing a shared global
approach of excellence and continuous performance improvement. In
China, this has helped with the ramp-up of the Supor Shaoxing site,
which is the Group’s largest small electrical appliance site.

Now in its mature phase, the OPS project has now entered phase#2,
which aims to involve and grow the teams beyond the scope of
industrial activities and maintenance: it now covers logistics, human
resources, control and purchasing.

Focusing on the involvement and empowerment of teams across all
areas of the value chain, the program now relies on a matrix: health
and safety, quality, cost, time, involvement and environment. For each
business, maturity grids by process were developed according to
5#levels. These grids, which were updated and evaluated in 2017, were
rolled out across all sites in 2018, with a dual objective: standardize
measurement approaches and improve performance and, by the end
of 2019, achieve the level of maturity required for all businesses to
enter the Industry of the Future.

This entry into the Industry of the Future will allow us to take yet
another step in terms of industrial and logistic performance in order
to improve our response to the needs of our customers. Digitizing
the processes from our suppliers to our customers will accelerate the
transmission of information, improve responsiveness for greater agility
and ef!ciency. The digitization of our OPS production system through
a monitoring system will make performance even more visible thanks

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR’

Introduction to the Group
“(ot W/OD (2,43*4($ #725

to the information gathered in real time, and allow to better empower
our operators who will have the right information, at the right time,
to react quickly. Finally, the systematic analysis of data will allow us
to launch preventive and predictive actions to increase the utilization
rates of equipment, as well as the quality of our products.

For Groupe SEB, the Industry of the Future program relies on
technological projects or building blocks:

Supervision and MES (Manufacturing Execution System) for visual
and dynamic management of the performance.

Data analysis (maintenance and quality): descriptive, diagnostic,
preventive, predictive.

Product-process human-machine interface, automation,
collaborative robots, industrial loT.

Monitoring and optimization of our energy consumption.

The process of planning from our customers to our suppliers, with
predictive tools to improve forecasts.

New logistical capabilities thanks to digitization in order to improve
the customer experience during delivery.

These projects were entrusted to pilots chosen for their expertise and
having the means to explore and implement concrete solutions. The
pragmatic approach uses test and learn mode by experimenting with
new approaches through POC (Proof of Concept). Once the solution
is validated, it can easily be standardized and deployed at a low cost.

One of the key projects, involving both the industrial and information
systems teams, is the establishment of a futuristic factory model using
supervisory and data processing systems to improve the quality, the
traceability, the availability of the means of production, the anticipation
of breakdowns, but also to optimize energy consumption. The Group
will also develop new automation models, using collaborative robots
(cobots) and auto-guided vehicles (AGV) to reduce the dif!culty of
tasks, and !nally, augmented reality systems will be tested to help
operators achieve their goals and to gain performance.

All these improvement plans are systematically supported by the
Group’s approach to health and safety, as safety of personnel in the
workplace is a key priority for the Group. A three-year plan has been
launched in this regard, with the aim of steadily decreasing the number
of workplace accidents. This plan must enable the Group to cut by half
the number of accidents at the end of this period. For further details,
see Chapter#3 on Corporate, Social and Environmental Responsibility
on pages#142 to 144.

Another key component of the Group’s competitiveness is Planning and
Logistics, which is managed on a global level with the aim of improving
the service to our customers and ensuring their satisfaction while
optimizing our !nished product stocks. To achieve this, the Group has
deployed a transversal and collaborative S&OP (Sales and Operating
Planning) process, from sales forecasting in market companies to
capacity planning, production and delivery to the customer. In parallel,
a supply chain optimization project was launched, as well as a Supply
Chain School to develop our dedicated teams’ skills.
Introduction to the Group
“(5+ */01 (2,43*4($* 725

1".)&$.$/0"!%3".+04$%0)5#+"
4/.,910)%&"4$#), 1

Purchasing combines both production procurement, which covers
requirements for materials (metals, plastics, paper/cardboard
packaging, etc.) and components (parts, sub-assemblies, etc.) for
manufacturing, non-production purchasing (transport and logistics,
services, information systems, travel, etc.) and purchases of sourced
!nished products. Generally speaking, and for a number of years,
purchases have increasingly been managed at Group level, through
a panel of approved suppliers and the use of shared global product
family platforms making it possible to consolidate volumes and
standardize materials and components. This approach makes it
possible to optimize negotiations (on price, quality, on-time delivery,
etc.) and to develop pooled procurement offering greater $exibility
between manufacturing sites and increased synergies within the
Group.

The Group’s direct spend policy is based on the best possible balance
of cost, quality and availability, by seeking out and selecting the most
competitive suppliers at the same time as introducing suppliers to the
Group’s approach to innovation and its required quality standards.
Amongst other things, this policy makes it possible to establish
and maintain a real partnership with the best-performing suppliers
and to closely involve them in the improvement process and the

Group’s objectives in terms of competitiveness. In 2019, the panel
of direct suppliers for manufacturing supplies comprised 456#suppliers
(440#in#201 8with global purchasing coverage of 70% (identical to 2018).

Non-production purchases continue to follow the same process
aimed at better qualifying approved suppliers and building an
across-the-board Group purchasing methodology with a panel of
approved suppliers representing 42% of non-production purchases
(compared with 37% in 2018). The purchasing of! ce team undertakes
to cover a very broad range of expenditures and an increasingly large
international scope for sourcing. Calls for tender are launched on
a regular basis and cross-functional teams thoroughly rework our
speci!cations to optimize purchasing in new ! elds.

For sourced ! nished products, the organizational set-up strengthens

purchasing quality processes by ensuring technical and methodological

assistance from Group teams for suppliers. At the same time, it

demonstrates the Group’s desire for upstream integration of suppliers

in the product development processes in order to foster greater
$uidity in creating the product offering. The Group has thus ranked

its !nished-goods suppliers according to three categories, based on

its strategic goals, performance criteria (e.g., timeliness, quality, costs)

and social and environmental responsibility (environmental impact,

respect for Human Rights, etc.), namely: (i)#preferred suppliers;
(ii}#recommended suppliers; and (iii)#non-recommended suppliers. In
2019, 65#companies represented 80% of purchases.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Introduction to the Group

6,2/& %T/* Tot & (1&8 (Vo &*? S/N (+&* 41

1.3. Organization and internal control

The scope of application of internal control and risk management
procedures encompasses all of the Group’s companies and employees,
from governance bodies to individual employees. The#operational and
functional management structures are responsible for implementing
these procedures.

Groupe#SEB is an international entity, organized primarily into
geographical zones by continent, each with their own ranges of
products to sell. In addition, operations are managed by activity,
covering a group of product lines and trademarks. Lastly, functional
management supports operations transversally across all of the

Group’s businesses. The primary aim of this functional management i

is to ensure that activities are consistent and effective and to oversee
the control functions (e.g. by means of !nancial standards, IT tools,
quality rules, etc.).

The Group’s conduct and operational processes are based on two

key documents: the Group’s Code of Ethics and the Internal Control
Manual, which sets out what is expected of employees.

ORGANIZATION OF INTERNAL CONTROL AND KEY PLAYERS

The key control activities are identi!ed within the functional departments described below, which report directly to a member of the Group

Executive Committee.

L"#$% &’ ()*$+,-)&.#//,++))&0.12

"#$%&’ (#&)(F*+(,
- (Jor. &H#*/’ +%00*(%

1*2’ ,&#*/+%0*(%

3$((48’ ,&-.00"($4’ %$.(
(H&)(°6%.4&5*, %$.(6
#7 +%0*(%

9+."/&-(Jo+.,,$(2
#2 +%0*(%

T*+6.((*,
!#0$($6%+’ %$.(
#*/+%00*(%

BY ,%@k H&S A*%GT
HP +%0*(M&

)A.+0’ %$.(&<76%*06
#*/+%00*(%

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR’

3$( (4*&? (#&5+*6"+7
#2 +%0*(%

144."(%o$(2&’ (#
S’8&#* 1 +%0* (%

<"6%’$(?=,*&>*:*,.10*(%

2"44@’ *[490*
$440" "44@’ 6S(28H*/’ +%0*(Yo

C'"’ $%7&’ (#&D(:$+.(0* (%
#*/+%00*(%

<"11,1&-@ $(
#7 +%0* (%
Introduction to the Group
6,2/K%T* Ft &(/&B(W&*? S/+&* 41

Audit and Internal Control department

Legal department

The Audit and Internal Control department is tasked with evaluating
compliance with the Group’s internal rules and procedures and
detecting non-compliance with local legislation. This department is
also required to evaluate the ef!cient conduct of operations and to
ensure that business risks are anticipated and mitigated.

To achieve this, the Audit and Internal Control department is focused
on three parallel activities:

De ning and rolling out internal control procedures (“Internal
Control Manual”). This document covers all of the Group’s control
processes. It#s#circulated to all the Group’s entities once a year,
after the Audit team has carried out its annual update to re$ect
changes in operations, regulations and management systems.

The implementation of a multi-year audit plan , based on
prioritizing the entities to be covered according to several
parameters: assessment of the level of risk (size of the subsidiary,
geography, information system, etc.); frequency of audit coverage;
and lastly, the rating of the most recent audit. The plan is approved
by the Audit and Compliance Committee each year.

Coordination and oversight of risk mapping. The Group’s risk
map is updated every year using the process described on p.#36
“Risk identi!cation and control process”.

The Group’s audit team comprised 12#auditors and 1#head of internal
control as at 31#December 2019.

The role of the Group Legal department is to ensure compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements in the various countries, to
protect the Group’s assets (and particularly intellectual assets)
and businesses, and to protect the Group’s interests by effectively
managing risks.

Its main tasks are based on the following activities:

! Providing Legal support for operations, regarding all types of
regulations, drawing up and updating contract strategy (purchase
of goods and services, terms of sale, sales promotions, after-
sales service, etc.), negotiation support, oversight of legal !rms
consulted, pre-litigation and litigation management, coordination of
all the Group’s lawyers, defense strategy for intellectual creations,
protection of industrial property titles (trademarks and trade dress

in particular), and legal watch.

Protecting the Group s intellectual property assets, including
legal support for the increasingly digital side of the business
(connected products, data marketing, etc.), managing international
intellectual property before and during litigation and managing anti-

counterfeit operations.

! Ensuring Compliance: __ instituting a compliance policy (anti-
corruption measures, GDPR, etc.) in line with all Group-wide
corporate, operational and continental functions.

! Providing support throughout the different stages of the Group s

overseeing around 150#subsidiaries,

including two listed companies, ensuring insider trading is
prevented, providing shareholder services, negotiating !nance
contracts and supporting the Group’s real estate projects.

corporate procedures:

described in detail
on p.#51 “Insurance”, allowing for an appropriate insurance program
for the Group’s activities;

! Coordinating the Group s insurance program,

Participating in the Groups acquisition strategy: preparatory
agreements, merger control, contract negotiation, and post-
acquisition restructuring. The Legal department also helps implement

integration processes within the Group.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Introduction to the Group

6,2/& %oT/* Fo+ & (1&8 (Yo&*? 8/1 ()+&* +1

Financial Communication
and!Investor!Relations!department

Finance and Treasury department

The Financial Communication and Investor Relations department
works closely with the other departments within the Finance
Function, with the operational, support and continental management
structures, and with the Sustainable Development and Corporate
Communications departments in order to carry out two key tasks
related to the status of SEB#S.A. as a listed company:

! Developing and disseminating the Groups financial

This communication takes place according to a
speci! c timetable and in compliance with the regulatory framework
(AMF#*, ESMA#", etc.), ensuring in particular the dissemination of
clear, accurate, precise and true !nancial information, as well
as conformity to the principles of equal treatment of investors
and consistency of information. The documents and materials
produced, published and circulated (Universal Registration
Document, Convening Notice, press releases, ! nance section of
the Group website www.groupeseb.com, Analyst and Investor
presentations, letters to shareholders etc.) undergo a structured,
traceable, production process and are prepared in close
collaboration with the Group’s various functions. They are reviewed
by concerned business Managers and !nally approved by the
Executive Committee. The Financial Communication department,
in conjunction with the Legal department, coordinates the MAR
(Market Abuse Regulation) Committee described on p.#34.

communications.

Identifying the shareholder base and investor relations
throughout the year, through physical or telephone conferences,
roadshows, analyst/investor days or individual meetings. These
exchanges are intended to give the market information about

the Groups strategy , performance and outlook, and to maintain
and fuel interest in the stock. In 2019, nearly 52#events were
organized (roadshows, conferences, site visits), leading to more
than 720#contacts.

The Group’s Finance and Treasury department is tasked with ensuring
the liquidity of Group operations, the security, transparency and
ef! ciency of treasury and !nance operations, and hedging against
all !nancial risks. Its areas of work are as follows:

! Managing !nancial resources to ensure the Group’s liquidity;

! Managing and securing cash $ows (cash management);

! Quantifying and hedging against financial risks (particularly
currency, interest rates and raw materials risks);

! Monitoring relations with banks;
! Financing projects, particularly acquisitions;
! Overseeing strategies for hedging customer risk.

Group Controlling!department

Accounting and Tax department

The Group Controlling department coordinates budget planning and
control, using a handbook of management procedures and rules
applicable to all entities, including Group budgeting, re-projections
and management reporting methods.

Its key oversight responsibilities are as follows:

! Budgeting process. Guidelines and recommendations are
circulated to the various entities for budgeting purposes. The
Group Controlling department consolidates and oversees the
various budgetary adjustments before a budget is approved by
the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors.

Re-projections: | throughout the year, as the Group’s business
evolves, the Group Controlling department alerts the Executive
Committee in the event of a deviation from the budget, quanti! es
the impact of corrective measures and coordinates re-projections
at key times during the year. These are then consolidated and
approved at the Executive Committee level.

Reporting and analysis: every month, to enable effective Group
oversight, the Group Controlling department consolidates all
information from a single, centralized management tool to establish
dashboards for the Executive Committee and Group management.
The dashboards include appropriate analyses of significant
deviations and trends.

The Accounting and Tax department is responsible for ensuring that
the Group’s accounting principles and standards are compliant with
commonly accepted international accounting standards. It de! nes
the Group’s accounting standards and oversees their distribution and
application, particularly through training courses. It is responsible for
preparing the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements and closes
the Group’s Financial Statements, in collaboration with the entities,
in a timely manner.

The Group Accounting and Tax department oversees and coordinates
the Shared Service Centers for Accounting and Management Services.
These entities, in France, Poland, Germany, the United States, and
China, help improve the Group’s internal control system through the
sharing of best practices and standardization of procedures, and
through the positive effect of the work of the Shared Service Centers
on the division of tasks.

The Group Accounting and Tax department also ensures compliance
with tax regulations and obligations in all countries where the Group
operates. It also ensure the:

monitoring tax inspections carried out by tax authorities in all of
the Group’s entities,

ensuring consistency in the tax procedures used by the entities,

liaising with tax consultants to verify that the Group’s main activities
are compliant with current legislation.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR’
Introduction to the Group
6,2/K%T* Ft &(/&B(W&*? S/+&* 41

Sustainable Development department

The Sustainable Development department drives and coordinates the
sustainable development policy. It documents and rolls out short- and
medium-term action plans, in line with the Group’s priority criteria,
in each division and on every continent, thus promoting appropriate
conduct. It is supported by a dedicated Steering Committee,
described on p.#34.

In addition, the Sustainable Development department is responsible
for the content of the Group’s Code of Ethics and ensures that it is
properly circulated and understood in all the entities. As the principles
of the Code of Ethics are included in the Internal Control Manual, the
ethical compliance of our subsidiaries is regularly checked on site
by the internal audit teams. Conformity to the values mentioned in
the Code of Ethics does not stop with the company: the Sustainable
Development department also monitors the application of these
principles by suppliers, by means of a Responsible Purchasing
Charter, which is circulated to and signed by all its partners, and
regular outsourced audits. This last measure is fully in keeping with
our action plans for compliance with the “SAPIN#II” and “Duty of
Vigilance” laws.

Each of the Group’s plants is organized to prevent any pollution
(of air, water, or soil) or environmental accidents and to reduce its
carbon and environmental impact (particularly in terms of energy,
water, and waste). To achieve this, each plant complies with local
environmental regulations as well as standards shared by all Group
sites. The regulations, and changes in them, are monitored locally by
Health, Safety and Environment coordinators.

Measures to assess risks, prevent pollution and reduce environmental
impact are implemented locally and coordinated at Group head of! ce:
a dedicated staff member is responsible for setting environmental
goals and de! ning shared standards. The Sustainable Development
department also ensures the implementation of performance
indicators, which are then monitored and consolidated.

Environmental risk is overseen by a dedicated Group team which
regularly monitors changes in regulations and transcribes these
regulations into the Group’s standards. The processes are then rolled
out to the plants. As part of its compliance policy, the Sustainable
Development department appoints an external service provider to
audit the Group’s industrial sites in countries presenting ethical, social
and environmental risks.

Personnel Administration department

Purchasing department

The Group had 33,293#employees at 31#December 2019, divided
between more than 100#operational entities worldwide. The Personnel
Administration department is responsible for ensuring the consistency

of personnel management processes. It is organized around the

following main areas:

to all of the
Group’s businesses, in line with local regulations: management
of working time and leave, business expenses, tools available
to personnel (computers, telephones, cars, etc.), and the payroll
process (checks, approval and security).

De ning personnel management rules applicable

Rolling out and overseeing a single personnel management tool
at Group level, in accordance with local personal data protection
regulations. This includes the administrative process related to

employee entry, performance monitoring, and exit;

Managing the Shared Service Center dedicated to payroll for all
French entities, ensuring the division of tasks and a strict level of
control. The Personnel Administration department also reviews the
standard processes for setting up outsourced payroll management.

Keeping people safe: the Personnel Administration department
is responsible for drawing up safety rules, particularly in countries
identi!ed as risky (Ministry of Foreign Affairs) and coordinates
the monitoring of traveling employees with an external partner to
ensure their safety.

The scope of the Purchasing department includes the purchasing of
components and raw materials required to manufacture products,
purchases of ! nished products, and indirect purchases. The scale of
the ! nancial $ows involved means that the Purchasing department
is central to the Group’s internal control process:

! Managing centralized purchasing in France and Asia to be close
to our suppliers. This oversight begins with the implementation
of strict rules on how to manage purchases (calls for tenders,
purchase requests, approvals, etc.).

Overseeing suppliers __, including through performance indicators
and reviews and audits of suppliers, relating not only to operational
aspects (quality, supply chain, etc.) but also responsibility and
ethical, social and environmental compliance, in partnership with
the Sustainable Development department.

Monitoring purchasing performance: establishing purchasing
strategies, objectives and analyses to optimize ef!ciency and
strengthen control.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Introduction to the Group

6,2/& %oT/* Fo+ & (1&8 (Yo&*? 8/1 ()+&* +1

Quality & Environment department

Supply Chain department

Improving the quality of its products and processes has always
been a central concern for Groupe#SEB. Groupe SEB uses a Quality
Management System (QMS), a key pillar of any business, implemented
through a shared tool available on the Group Intranet.

This system includes all the procedures, tools and methods relating
to the Group’s key processes:

! Management procedures with the de!nition of Group policy,
strategic planning, continuous quality improvement, and
safeguarding of the environment;

! Operational processes, including strategic marketing, R&D,
sales and marketing, customer order processing and production;

! Operational support functions, covering human resources,
information systems, purchasing, ! nance, after-sales service, and
customer assistance.

Monthly reporting allows the Quality department to accurately track

key indicators and adjust its actions.

The distribution of the Group’s businesses across all continents
requires constant optimization of the production process, of logistics,
of $ows and procurement. The Supply Chain department's task is to
meet these needs while securing processes:

! Review of our industrial footprint and global deployment of
our OPS program, which allows us to guarantee a high level of
quality both in our processes and in our products, as part of our
commitment to excellence and drive for continuous improvement.

! De nition and roll-out of stock management procedures that
apply to all the Group’s warehouses, outsourced or not, including
receipt and dispatch management process, inventory management
process, security requirements at storage sites.

Oversight of product ows: de!nition and optimization of product
$ows (with a view to improving the $exibility of industrial sites) in
line with international regulations and in compliance with customs
regulations.

Information Systems department

Health and Safety department

Groupe SEB’s information systems are designed to guarantee the
security, integrity, availability and traceability of information.

Several priority areas within the Information Systems department
help to improve the Group’s control environment, including:

! Operational tools (ERP, business software, of ce automation,
communication, etc.): The Information Systems department
oversees operations for the Group’s tools and participates in an
Information Systems Steering Committee, described on p.#34.

! Network architecture: the Information Systems department
ensures the consistency, availability, and integrity of the Group’s

networks.

! Security of information systems and personal data protection:

a Chief Information Security Of! cer (CISO) oversees the Group’s
key indicators, monitors the implementation of security rules in
projects, and takes the necessary information, awareness and risk
prevention measures. This activity is supported by an Information
Systems Security Committee (described on p.#34). With regard
to personal data protection requirements, the CISO works with
the Legal and Personnel Administration departments: this cross-
functional organization is described on p.#43 (“Information systems
and personal data protection”).

Digital applications: The Information Systems department ensures
the implementation of software components and infrastructure to
ensure the quality, security and availability of the service provided
to consumers: downloadable applications on mobile phones and
tablets to facilitate the use of connected products and give access
to digital content, photos, recipes, etc.

Employee health and safety within the Group is our number one
priority and everyone’s responsibility, whether they work in industry,
on logistics platforms, commercial subsidiaries, or at headquarters.

The Health and Safety policy is coordinated by the Group Health
and Safety department, which is responsible for managing it. It is
structured around !ve focus areas that are communicated to the
sites continuously:

! ensuring that health and safety is always seen as our number one
priority;

focusing on one ambitious objective, monitored with indicators on
site and at Group level;

taking every serious accident or incident into consideration and
making it a learning opportunity;

sharing the same level of skills and requirements based on shared
standards;

acting promptly on any recorded non-compliance to address it
rapidly.

A Group-wide Strategic Health/Safety Committee is described on
p.#38

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR’
Introduction to the Group
6,218. % TI For &(/88( U8 SI (+&* 41

Alongside these departments overseeing the Group’s control activities, Committees have been set up spanning various control topics. These
Committees meet two to four times a year and involve managers from the aforementioned departments. Each are responsible for identifying,
in their respective areas, any situations requiring action at the central level (regulatory changes, evolution of the market context, etc.). In this
case, each Committee will report to the Group Executive Committee.

COMITE EXECUTIF DU GROUPE (COMEX)

Thierry de La Tour d Artaise Chairman and Chief Executive Of cer

Stanislas de Gramont Chief Operating Of cer

Nathalie Lomon Senior Executive Vice-president, Finance

Harry Touret Senior Executive Vice-president, Human Ressources

Alain Leroy Executive Vice-president, Industrial Operations

Patrick Llobregat Executive Vice-president, Cookware

Olivier Naccache Executive Vice-president, Small Electrical Appliances

Cyril Buxtorf Executive Vice-president, EMEA

Martin Zouhar Executive Vice-president, Americas

Vincent Tai Executive Vice-president, Asia - Executive Vice-president, EMEA

Compliance Committee Information Systems

Security Committee
! Audit and Internal Control department
Legal department ! Information Systems department

Human Resources department ! Audit and Internal Control department

! Sustainable Development department ! Human Resources department
Finance and Treasury department

Sustainable Development Steering Committee

MAR (Market Abuse Regulation) Committee

! Sustainable Development department
Chairman and Chief Executive Of! cer ! Audit and Internal Control department
Chief Operating Of! cer ! Human Resources department
Senior Executive Vice-president, Finance ! Quality & Environment department
Legal department ! Research department
Financial Communication and Investor Relations department ! Brands department
! Marketing department
! Sales department
Information Systems | Strategy department
Steering Committee | Legal department
! Customer Satisfaction department

Information Systems department Industrial department

! Continental departments Purchasing department
Products & Innovation department
! General Finance department

! General Human Resources#department

Health and Safety Committee

! Chairman and Chief Executive Of! cer ! Group Communication department
! Chief Operating Of! cer ! Directors of Industrial Activities
! Senior Executive Vice-president, Human Ressources ! Group Health/Safety department

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
In particular, the Compliance Committee implements measures relating
to recent regulatory developments. A cross-functional action plan
involving several Group departments has been drawn up to address
the requirements of the SAPIN#II law and the Duty of Vigilance law
relating to parent companies and principals.

This action plan focuses on the following key points, most of which
are already in place:

Code of Conduct;
internal whistle-blowing system;

risk mapping, corruption and suppliers;

customer and supplier assessment procedures;

internal and external accounting control procedures;

training system;

disciplinary system;

internal system to control the implementation of the above
measures.

Introduction to the Group

6,2/& %oT/* Fo+ & (1&8 (Yo&*? 8/1 ()+&* +1

Lastly, to ensure ef!cient overall management, Groupe#SEB relies
on the decentralization of operational responsibilities and clearly
de! ned rules of operation and delegation. It also bene!ts from a well-
established corporate culture, rooted in shared fundamental human
values that foster an ethical working environment: Entrepreneurial
drive, Passion for innovation, Professionalism, Group spirit, and
Respect for people.

Groupe SEB has been a signatory of the Global Compact since#2003
and supports the values set out in this document, promoting them
throughout the company. The Group Human Resources department
states in its guiding principles: “The Group is a community of men and
women who share the same objectives and values”.

The Code of Ethics, published in September#2012, serves as the
frame of reference for Groupe#SEB’s values and standards. It de!nes
individual and collective rules of conduct to guide the actions and
inspire the decisions of each employee. It is supplemented by a
whistle-blowing system that allows any employee to report a serious
violation of the Code of Ethics.

More details on the whistle-blowing system are provided in
Chapter#3.2, page#128.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL neon 9 |
Introduction to the Group
9%$:(/)*+,$

1.4. Risk factors

INTRODUCTION

The nature of Groupe#SEB’s business and its large international
presence opens up signi!cant development opportunities, but also
exposes it to various types of internal and external risks. These risks
may adversely affect the Group’s activities, results, ! nancial position
or assets, or have consequences for its various stakeholders —
consumers, employees, shareholders, customers, suppliers, partners,
the local ecosystem (public authorities and civil societies), etc.

The Group implements a range of measures to identify risks and
measure their potential impacts and probability of occurrence. These
risks are then managed according to risk control plans that are
regularly reviewed and involve the players concerned in the Group’s
various departments. As with any control system, however, it cannot
provide an absolute guarantee of total control or elimination of all risks.

RISK IDENTIFICATION AND CONTROL PROCESS

Given that EU regulation# 2017/1129 and its delegated
regulation#2019/980 took effect on 21#July 2019, this year, the
Registration Document has become the Universal Registration
Document.

In addition to the new name, the purpose of the change is to make
this document, and especially the risk factors section, easier for
shareholders and investors to read. In this respect, the Group has
structured risks according to their severity and specific nature
compared to the business. As a result, some risks that do not pose a
speci! c or material threat to the Group’s business are not discussed
in this section.

The risk identi!cation and control process is an ongoing process
incorporated within the Group’s operations. In order to provide
comprehensive information, the various stages of collecting
and processing information were defined as follows: operational
approach, Group approach at Executive Committee level and, ! nally,
consolidation by key theme.

SHH ,()$%"$7"$4+.10$% |#".)0;0

Operational risks — risks related to operations, legal affairs, the
industrial side of the business and the environment — are identi! ed and
reviewed annually by means of data collection grids sent to all entity
managers (sales subsidiaries, factories, Shared Service Centers) and
to all function managers. Questionnaires are partially guided (basedon
the usual risk typologies) and partially open to ensure information is
circulated as broadly as possible.

The questionnaires are then consolidated by the Audit and Internal
Control department to identify the main issues by theme.

On the basis of this consolidation, each function director meets
individually with the Audit and Internal Control Director so as to assess
thoroughly the main risks and associated risk management plans.

$%OS#)3!0$%"("&.S/4"H4+-+4#

An annual working meeting is held with the Executive Committee
members on the basis of the above elements. This meeting covers
all the information from the operational collection as well as those
stemming from the previous year’s risk mapping. Each risk is reviewed
in detail, to evaluate how it has evolved and its relevance in terms
of both potential !nancial impact for the Group and probability of
occurrence.

For each residual risk, after taking mitigation measures into account, a
degree of exposure is de!ned, with level#1 corresponding to the risks
to which the Group is least exposed, and level#3 to the risks to which
the Group is most exposed.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
"#$%"&’ ()*

+&/%ol 8%? * &0!%.(

WHS" Gok

1,3%"&'()*
1.22%" &'()*

For each of these risks, the risk management action plan is reviewed
by the Executive Committee twice a year: an assessment of what has
been achieved during the past year and an action plan for the year
to come; plus a mid-year review to ensure that the various topics are
being monitored and executed properly.

SPECIFIC RISK: COVID-19

(Elements subsequent to the February 25, 2020 board of directors’
meeting).

3+0,.)40$%"$7".)03""

In terms of the risks associated with the coronavirus pandemic, it is, as
of the date of this document, dif!cult to quantify the impact on Group
business activities, either in terms of industrial production or sales, but
the Group is expecting a signi!cant impact in FY 2020.

The Group’s primary concern is to safeguard its employees, customers
and partners.

The Group needed to, and may further need to, temporarily close
one or more of its sites (production sites, warehouses, commercial
subsidiaries and administrative of! ces, retail stores etc.) due to the
restrictions put in place by national governments.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT] 2019

VHS & (HI,

Introduction to the Group
9%$:(s/)*+,$

MHgngg?

+,-.%-/(/0.

Lastly, the review of the Group’s risk mapping activity is included as a
speci! c agenda item at an annual meeting of the Audit and Compliance
Committee (review of methodology, risks, their assessment by Group
management and the associated action plans).

In addition, the supply chain for Group !_ nished products, raw materials
and components may be affected insofar as Group suppliers and
subcontractors have seen restrictions to the manufacture and distribution

of their products.

Lastly, travel ban and con!nement measures in certain regions had
resultied in a drop of footfall in physical stores and to the closure of
many stores, which could have a dir ect and signi! cant impact on the
resale of our products to end-users. This decline may only be partially
offset by an increase in online sales.

This risk concer ns both consumer and professional activity, the latter
is also penalized by the closure of cafes, restaurants, hotels, and large
catering chains. This could result in late payments or the risk of insolvency
of certain customers.

All of these elements could lead to a decrease in sales and in Operating
Result from Activity (ORfA) in several Group geographies .

Introduction to the Group
9%$:(/)*+,$

"1% &+*+-%("$7".)O;""

As a result, the Group has put in place a procedure to continually
review the impact of this crisis under the authority of a dedicated
committee comprising members of General Management and ope-
rational managers.

A Business Continuity Plan has been elaborated, which provides in
particular for:

! Systematic implementation of measures taken by national
governments.

Speci!c crisis management and protection measures for Group

employees in the various open sites (production sites, warehouses,

commercial subsidiaries and administrative of!ces, retail stores etc.)

including in particular:

| temperature measurement and provision of protective equipment
(hydroalcoholic gel, masks) for employees, regular cleaning and
disinfection of common areas, layout of workstations to respect
the necessary distance and ensure strict compliance with barrier
gestures recommended at all Group sites;

possibility of using telework for all employees whose activity
allows, on all Group sites;

in general, intense communication, information and awareness
campaigns for all employees.

Continuity of customer service through continuation of our logistics
platforms, while safeguarding employee health.

Communication with partners, customers, suppliers and
stakeholders regarding the continuity of key services.

Ban on travel and attendance at industry events for all Group
employees.

Reduction in operational expenses, strict control on administrative
costs.

Strengthened monitoring of customer receivables. It will also be
recalled that:

the Group is present in all existing distribution channels,
depending on the country and its activities, and that its customer
portfolio is balanced; as a matter of fact, no customer represents
more than 5% of consolidated sales;

the Group has a broad and international program of credit
insurance policies.

Preservation of liquidity, thanks to balanced funding in terms
of instruments and maturities. The Group’s short-term debt is
fully covered by undrawn syndicated credit lines for an amount
of one billion euros. Loans and lines of credit are not subject to
any prepayment clause based on covenants. Information on the
maturities and characteristics of the borrowings and credit lines
can be found in Note 24 to the consolidated ! nancial statements
on page 251 of this document.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Introduction to the Group
9%$:C/)*+,$

S%OS#H)3!$%"51"(O+*+

When the information relating to potential risks for the Group has been collected and analyzed, the Audit and Internal Control department
consolidates it by key theme for circulation to the Group’s various stakeholders.

® !"#$#%" 8’ ()'"&*Jo+,-!.10"& 8&1" .) Yo" HH2+#%34+4 1 |"5+4%" &% 16.7-+!%89%: Ud (!7(!.-+ Wo#(1".)%o! +47 (&#"5")"-; x=

"4S "JS (4

Degree 3

@ Market competition and concentration for
Small Domestic Equipment market

m Changes in the distribution industry

= Innovation and intellectual property /S%#$"’ 01 $-)# *#+4*
m= Competitiveness

m Image and reputation Degree 2

@ Integration of new operations
@ Sales volatility
g Talent attraction and retention

@ Macroeconomics, geopolitics and
regulations
@ Cybersecurity and Information
sTo&$-) E+ Systems failures

Degree | Degree 2
@ Internal and external fraud m= Compliance
m@ Human Rights ® @ Corruption ® 2134*"# $-)$13)%15°#016%1"$-)#? *+*
@ Litigation
Degree | Degree 2

= Climate Change © @ Business continuity

@ Product quality and risks @ Health, Safety and
related to product Environment
liability

7’ 1$1( $-)$13)8$#+%" )#? *+*

Degree 2

@ Fluctuations in currencies
and raw materials

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT] 2039
Introduction to the Group
9%$:(/)*+,$

MAIN RISK FACTORS

1.4.1. STRATEGIC RISKS

03" -HEN(43'"($",$*4+00$%"!%3",$%,+7%(.!0$%")%o" (O-+"0* H#"'3$*400,"+</)4*+%("* | s+ _—

Description of risk

The Small Domestic Equipment market is still fragmented on a global
level, particularly in certain sectors/geographic areas. There are a large
number of competitors, and particularly: (!) international groups with
global brands in one or more product categories (ii)#groups operating
mainly in their national market (iii}#specialists who are leaders in one
single product category (iv)#companies selling their products under
retailer brands or without a brand name.

This diversity results in intense competition, that, when you combine
with distribution, creates an environment driven by sales promotions.
Furthermore, with some Asian companies gaining traction in domestic
and international markets and with new 100% online BtoC business
models popping up, some brands are quickly gaining market share in
targeted categories, at the expense of our products.

Lastly, there is a risk that our competitors will ramp up their acquisition
policy and bolster their market positions — in the small electrical
appliances market, in the cookware market, or in the BtoB market
(coffee in particular). A competitor gaining momentum could impact

the Group’s competitiveness as the Group would receive reduced
economies of scale and bargaining power with distributors.

Management of risk

! Regarding competition risk, the Group relies on a competitive
and versatile manufacturing tool. In particular, the Group has an
industrial base in Asia through its subsidiary Supor, which supplies
the domestic and international markets of the Group.

Market fragmentation can also be a strategic opportunity. With a
long-standing commitment to consolidating the market, the Group
actively watches the markets to identify companies that could
become good acquisition targets. This watch prioritizes the most
strategic sectors/geographic areas.

In fact, the Group has rolled out an active acquisition policy that
complements our organic growth strategy. It focuses on major
strategic acquisitions (Moulinex in 2001, Supor in 2007, WMF in
2016) and targeted acquisitions, introducing product, geographic
or business synergies.

.)0;"100$,)(+3"8)(9",9!%&+0")%"(9+"3)0(.)5/$%")%3/0(. 1

Description of risk

The distribution industry has experienced some major changes over
the past few years. These changes have had a lasting impact on the
Group’s business: sector consolidation (through acquisitions or by
setting up central buying organizations). The rapid emergence and
success of e-commerce specialists have radically transformed the
business environment as well. Similarly, new digital companies offering
direct BtoC service have appeared, shattering traditional distribution
models.

Although the Specialists channel has been able to develop its online
sales through a Click & Mortar sales business, some of the Group’s
long-standing customers, especially traditional retailers in mature
markets, have not been successful in transforming their business to
digital. As a result, they’ve had to embark on major reorganizations
to counter declines in store traffic - shifts within the portfolio of
products sold, major discounts to attract customers, lean inventory
management, limited restocking, optimizing their store network, etc.

In some cases, these changes included restructuring, including cost
reduction measures and even store closures. Certain brands didn’t
survive and went bankrupt.

As a result, this profound transformation within the distribution industry
may spill over onto the Group and adversely impact sales and/or
market share.

Management of risk

! The Group strives to grow in a sustainable and balanced way,
serving all existing distribution networks according to the country
and the business. If no customer accounted for more than 5% of
consolidated sales, in some countries, a distributor’s weight may
signi! cantly exceed this threshold. In essence, we’re talking about
long-term partners with whom the Group is keen to maintain a solid,
trustworthy business relationship.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Introduction to the Group
9%$:C/)*+,$

! Changes in the distribution industry can also be a strategic ! The Group’s e-commerce sales account for more than 25% of total
opportunity for the Group and ! ne-tuning how we do business is a sales, rising steadily for several years. The same has been true for
core concept of our corporate plan. The sales teams are structured pure players and Click&Mortar stores. In Direct to Consumer (DTC),
to adequately respond to changes, with dedicated and specialized the Group has already generated around 7% of our sales through
sales forces in particular. our network of directly operated stores (Home&Cook, WMF, Supor

Life Stores, etc.) and is testing out some online DTC models via
brand websites. i

03" +#1(4+3"($")%%$-!()$%" |! %o3") To ++ (/#"4.$4+.(1

Description of risk more agile so innovations can be launched on the market faster.
Over these past few years, the Group has emphasized digital
innovations with the development of connected products to improve
consumers’ daily lives and offering related services as part of a
comprehensive ecosystem.

The Group has to regularly renew our product portfolio through
innovations. Innovations are designed to satisfy consumers’ new needs
and may emerge through existing product or service improvements or
via breakthrough innovations.

In addition, actively monitoring consumer trends and competitor
Over the past few years, product life cycles have shortened, and agile innovations provides input on both changes in product offerings
players have emerged with short-lived product offerings (even mono- and on potential acquisition targets for the Group.

products) delivered through an innovative marketing and distribution
approach. This phenomenon is in tune with new consumer trends
and rapid technological developments, especially “digital” products,
connected products and related services.

The Group allocates the budgets required to protect and develop
our key intangible assets such as trademarks and innovation, and
to combat counterfeiting. A strategy of targeted registration of
trademarks, designs and patents has been implemented, taking
Adapting to these new trends and understanding new ways to into account the sales outlook and high-risk countries;

consume products and services is a key issue for the Group as we
have to learn them and respond to them with an innovative product
offering to defend and even increase sales and market share.

The Group monitors risk of intellectual property right infringement
online and in the ! eld:

anti-counterfeiting measures are being systematically applied in

The Group’s brands and innovations are world-renowned. This leads the ! eld, primarily in high-risk countries such as China and the

to various types of intellectual property right infringements (patents, Middle East as well as in high-stake trading countries; These
trademarks, designs), which can hurt the Group’s sales and create measures include monitoring trade fairs where investigations
image risks. are perforemd which lead to customs seizures, legal action and
All of the Group’s innovations must therefore be protected through destruction of molds and inventories,

patent, design and model !lings along with other intellectual property ' on the internet (marketplaces, websites), measures are being
assets including a portfolio of registered brands. taken thanks to a global monitoring system that generates
Conversely, the Group’s active innovation approach is liable to be in regular reports and makes it possible to take rapid action to
conSict with a patent or a design already !led by a competitor. This have online copies removed and combat trademark infringement
would result in a litigation, reputational or !nancial risk in the event of and cybersquatting;

a recall of the product concerned.

The Group also monitors risk of third parties having their intellectual
property infringed upon due to actions integrated into the product
Management of risk innovation and development process. As a result, many product
launch projects are subject to a freedom to operate analysis of
the trademarks, designs and patents before validation and launch.
Nevertheless, the probability remains that a prior industrial property
right has not been identi!ed, and in this case, the Group may have
to modify the technical or aesthetic construction of a product to

Innovation has been a major part of the Group’s strategy since
the very beginning. That’s why we invest considerable human and
!nancial resources to support it ("267 #million or more than 3.5%
of sales in 2019).

LA product offering that stands out above the crowd and fast factory eliminate any risk of litigation, negotiate an amicable settlement of
to shelf time are major advantages that can add momentum to the potential dispute or defend itself if the prior industrial property
the business and win market share. With this in mind, the Group right is not a priori invalid or if the alleged infringement is not proven.

is constantly striving to make the product development process

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT] 2059
Introduction to the Group
9%$:(/)*+,$

.)0;"!00$,)1(+3"8)(9",$*4+00-+%+00

Description of risk

Amid intense competition and sales promotions, competitiveness is
a major challenge based on:

Our ability to streamline our facilities’ productivity: shifting between
in-house and outsourcing manufacturing, managing industrial
investments and manufacturing costs, simplifying processes
and $ows, optimizing the supply chain and related inventories
(components, works in progress, !nished products), etc.

Our plants’ flexibility when dealing with fluctuating demand:
seasonality, product offering, loyalty program, etc.

Our ability to speed up output over the entire value chain to better
respond to customers’ expectations.

Implementing our Digital Strategy#4.0 as part of our Industry of
the Future plan.

Streamlining product diversity and complexity (postponing
differentiation or introducing complexities as early in the process
as possible).

Changes to external invoices such as raw material prices and
exchange rates.

Management of risk

! As a manufacturing company, Groupe SEB constantly has to
decide between internal or outsourced production. Against
this background, around two-thirds of the Group’s products

Y*184"!%3" 44/(1)$% !#".)0s

Description of risk

Groupe SEB relies on a unique portfolio of around 30#brands that hold
leadership positions around the world in their respective domestic
market. The reputation of these brands is based on product quality and
their distribution method, as well as on the marketing and advertising
policies they implement.

Products or communication that is inappropriate to the image of
the brands, improper conduct by the Group’s brand ambassadors,
employees, distributors or suppliers, as well as the circulation of
damaging information in the media could affect the brand’s reputation,
have an adverse effect on sales or negatively impact the brands’
valuation on the balance sheet (over "1#billion at 31#December 2019).

are manufactured internally, particularly products with a high
technological value, while more commonplace products are
outsourced. Thinking in terms of Total Cost Ownership, we want
to simplify product out$ows while attempting to manufacture as
much as possible close to our customers and limit the distance in
between our suppliers’ manufacturing sites.

For in-house production, our local and central/cross-functional
manufacturing teams continuously strive to improve the
competitiveness of our sites, speci!cally through the roll-out of
the continuous improvement program such as: OPS (Operation
Performance SEB) and PCO (Product Cost Optimization). Each
Group site therefore improves its manufacturing indicators to
maintain an appropriate level of competitiveness.

At the same time, the production teams have put in place an
industrial $exibility program using diverse technological platforms
(kettles, blenders, deep fryers, etc.) to improve our responsiveness
and adaptability to market need, as well as to potential rapid
developments in market conditions (currencies, customs fees, raw
materials, etc.).

Managing changing raw material prices and currencies is described
in “Currency and raw material volatility” on page#54

We constantly think about our manufacturing footprint. Our goal is to
better leverage the proximity between our plants and our customers
while keeping these sites a certain size to maintaint#ompetitiveness.

In times where information circulates more and more rapidly (through
internet sites, instant messaging, social networks, etc.), any negative
overtones may have an impact on the Group’s image, at a country, a
region, or even global level, with repercussions on sales and pro! t.

Risk can emerge based on founded or unfounded information
and/or#rumors and can cover a wide array of subjects — product
quality or safety, material safety (especially food), manufacturing
processes, environmental impact, business practices, ethical values
or compliance with regulations (tax, labor).

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Management of risk

Groupe SEB supports and builds up the reputation of our brands
by collaborating with reputable professionals in their fields
(communication agencies, ambassadors, inluencers etc.), to respect
and promote the personality of each brand.

At the same time, the Group actively protects our brands’ reputation
using a three-level protection mechanism.

The ! rst level of protection against image risk is preventative and
consists in not creating a situation that could lead to negative
communication about the Group. This is achieved by conforming
to the Group’s values and the Code of Ethics, and complying with
internal processes (particularly quality, !nancial reporting, internal
control, safety, etc.). All Group employees are regularly reminded

1.4.2. OPERATIONAL RISKS

Introduction to the Group

9%$:(5/)*+,$

of these key principles: when they are hired, and during long-term
training and communications. They are alerted to compliance with
ethical rules at all levels and some employees receive training in
digital technology and social networks and how to use them.

The second protection consists in setting up a response system
for monitoring information: in addition to conventional means
for monitoring traditional media, the Group uses an e-reputation
tracking tool on social networks, alongside an internal (feedback
to management, decision-making) and external (crisis management
and procedure unit) communication process.

Lastly, the Group applies measures to secure information-sharing
processes to limit the risks of fraudulent communication and identity
theft.

.)0;"!00$,)1(+3"8)(9"(9+")%(+&.!0$%" $7" %+8"$4+.!0$%O

Description of risk

In addition to its organic growth targets, the Group is implementing an
external growth strategy to accelerate its expansion and strengthen
its position. This strategy emerged from major strategic acquisitions
(Moulinex in 2007, Supor in 2007, WMF in 2016) and more targeted
acquisitions, introducing product, geographic or business synergies.

Each of these transactions has speci! c features in terms of corporate
culture, structure, operational processes and distribution channels.
Failing to identify these speci!c features or not taking them into
account could have an adverse effect on the integration process
and the value creation expected from these transactions, particularly
regarding:

! growing the business;
! generating synergies;
! measuring the value of intangible assets.

Management of risk

! Over the years, the Group has built up real experience and strong
skills in integration. An ad hoc structure is set up to oversee each
integration process.

03" +#1(4+3"($"$/."01#+0"-S#!O#)(L

Description of risk

A signi! cant portion of our products is sold during holiday periods or
for special events (Black Friday, Prime Day, Christmas, Chinese New
Year, Ramadan, Singles’ Day in China, Mother’s Day, Chandeleur, etc.);
November and December have the biggest money-making events:
Christmas, Black Friday and Single’s Day in China. Because of this,

The Group Strategy department is tasked with designing and
overseeing integration plans, and with ensuring coordination
between all stakeholders (acquired company, Business Units
concerned within Groupe SEB, and markets concerned by the
acquisition).

The Group Controlling department, together with the Strategy
department, integrates the new entities into the Group’s reporting
and decision-making processes. This ensures reliable and regular
monitoring of the business plan and key indicators previously
de! ned by the operational entities concerned.

The Information Systems department develops a plan to achieve
consistency in computer software and programs.

The Human Resources department assists the relevant teams (the
acquired company and Groupe SEB employees concerned) in order
to integrate new employees into a homogenous environment as
smoothly as possible.

The Audit and Internal Control department implements its standard
processes and carries out an audit mission during the integration
phase, to make an inventory of processes with shortcomings and
puts the relative action plan in place.

we achieve a substantial proportion of revenue at the end of the
year. As a result, traditionally, both sales and earnings are heavily
weighted toward the 4th#quarter. Additionally, since some holidays
fall on different days (Chinese New Year, Ramadan, etc.), sometimes
an event could happen twice in one !scal year and then not at all
during another.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT] 2079
Introduction to the Group
9%$:(/)*+,$

Some of our products are also highly seasonal and depend on weather
conditions, such as fans.

The Group’s several-year-long commitment to loyalty programs for
consumers with distributors is another factor in sales volatility. These
programs, led by the distribution retailers, consist in occasionally
offering major loyalty and/or promotional offers in a product category
to loyal consumers accumulating rights due to making purchases
within a short period of time. They let distributors boost footfall in
their stores and consumers access our products at discounted prices.
These high-visibility operations generate major sales but, on the other
hand, can dry up the market and generate elevated revenue that may
not be recurrent from one year to the next.

Groupe SEB also pursues a product partnerships policy to develop
new concepts and boost sales. These partnerships can take the form
of a distribution, license and co-development contract, and result ina
co-branding between two well-known brands: Krups with Nespresso
and Dolce Gusto, Krups with Heineken for BeerTender and The SUB,
Rowenta and L’Oréal for Steampod straightener, Rowenta for Elite
in hairdressing, Tefal with Jamie Oliver in cookware. However, in this
market, our partners can change their policies, which can generate
revenue risk.

Lastly, in Professional Coffee, beyond our current business, signing
and executing major contracts for equipment or to replace machines
can lead to sales volatility.

The Group’s revenue and operating result can therefore $uctuate
considerably over a quarter, a half-year or over a year.

05" +#(43"($"1(C.!,0%&"!%3" +(1)%)M&" (1#+%(

Description of risk

When the company is experiencing sustained growth in a market that’s
in constant $ux, we have to constantly shape our human resources
and expand our expertise within the Group.

Our Consumer markets (small electrical appliances and cookware)
and BtoB are largely impacted by major societal trends (consumption
patterns, and especially food, environmental impact from the business,
robotics, digitization, etc.) The Group is keeping up with these trends
with a strong commitment and major investments — in innovation,
supply chain, data, digital technology — requiring increasingly
specialized and quali! ed employees.

Management of risk

Business during high resale periods are planned in conjunction with
our major distribution partners to reduce unknown risks. Sales and
promotional campaigns remain aggressive during the low season
to spread out revenue a little more evenly throughout the year. The
Group’s geographic diversi! cation also reduces the risk of volatility
caused by seasonal products sold due to weather conditions.

With regard to loyalty programs, the Group has set up a meticulous
management process — no loyalty program can be started without
management’s approval and after analyzing operational what-ifs
(offerings, visibility, brand, supply chain) and pro! tability.

This process is accompanied by monitoring throughout the campaign
with the different stakeholders, to secure volumes and procurement.
The relevant marketing campaigns are coordinated with the distribution
retailer to ensure successful resale. In addition, no operations of
this kind can take place without approval from management, after
analyzing the operating scenarios.

Lastly, with regard to partnerships, the main measure of risk
management is based on sustainability of the relationship (the major
partnerships are more than 10#years old) and on the diversi!cation
of these partnerships that allows portfolio balancing in this activity.
Moreover, the teams involved implement actions with our current
partners to boost commercial activities and develop products,
solidifying the viability of the partnerships concerned.

Regarding our professional coffee machines business, the Group
makes every effort to have a growing list of contracts — including
the smaller contracts — that it manages in an order book, to offset
the impact from huge one-off deals from one year to another.

For some of these key profiles, shortages and/or increasing
competition could make it dif! cult to attract and retain talents. This
could cause delays in integrating expertise needed to develop and
manufacture Group products.

Certain geographic areas, or certain areas of the Group’s expertise,
are particularly prone to this risk.

Management of risk

The management policy for this risk is presented in the Extra-
Financial Performance Declaration in Chapter#3 “Corporate Social
Responsibility”.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
,15+.0+,/.)(1"!%3")%T$.*!0$%"'010(+*0"7! )#/.+".)0;

Description of risk

Information systems are embedded within the Group’s businesses,
in terms of both operational processes (production management,
accounting, reporting, etc.) and means of communication (telephone,
mail, networks, tablets and objects connected to the mobile network).

If these systems break down or are disrupted, it would have a
potentially signi!cant impact on the Group’s operations. A failure
could come from a cyber-attack, an intentional or unintentional system
contamination by a computer virus or by exploiting weaknesses in
our systems’ security.

Moreover, the sharp increase in the volume of information processed
and the development of connected objects are making data
management processes and tools more complex and more technical.
Combined with the reinforcement of international regulations on
personal data protection (particularly in Europe with the General
Data Protection Regulation), this signi!cantly increases the impact
that a security breach could have on data. A data breach involving our
customers, suppliers, consumers or employees, for instance, could
have a major long-term impact on the Group’s business.

In addition, the Group’s expansion (geography, size, business sector)
frequently requires us to upgrade or develop our infrastructures,
our management systems (ERP), and our applications. This may
necessitate minor (adaptation of systems in place) or major changes
(de! nition, construction and implementation of a new system). Each of
these developments causes complexity and disruption in the existing
IT environment with, in particular, risks to the resources affected by
implementation and to operations, if the migration is not effective.

These two risks can produce substantial costs and can expose the
Group’s business and performance to risk.

Management of risk

Regarding cybersecurity risk and systems failure, a coordinated
watch with several suppliers specializing in systems protection
and security aims to monitor developments and actions to counter
cybercrime (antivirus, ! rewalls, and user identi! cation processes).

*! $4+,$%$*),="&4$4$#)(), !#"!%3" +&/#1($.1".)0;0

Description of risk

Since the Group operates in nearly 150#countries, we are exposed
to various outside risks that are beyond our control. These outside
risks go beyond currency risk — the Group must deal with political,
economic or social instability, particularly in developing countries
where we achieve a signi! cant portion of our sales.

Introduction to the Group

9%$:(5/)*+,$

The Information Systems department draws up an annual IT risk
map, in collaboration with the Audit and Internal Control department.

The Group has a highly centralized information systems management
policy to guarantee consistency in the security and management of
tools. Most of our application servers and data servers are hosted
by third parties located in France, in highly secure and redundant
environments, enabling business continuity without loss of data.
Backup and !Itering solutions (antivirus, antispam, web ! Itering,
etc.) are continuously reinforced.

Lastly, the Group has taken out insurance policies speci!cally
covering cyber-attacks. The policy also covers personal data
breaches.

Resources are specifically dedicated to these issues and are
structured internally (reporting to the CISO - Chief Information
Security Of! cer — and the Information Systems Security Committee)
and externally (e.g. an intrusion detection specialist).

Generally speaking, however, the Group is responsible for making
all employees accountable: specialists (developers, network
administrators, etc.) or end-users (password protection, procedures
for opening e-mails, compliance with the IS Usage Charter included
in an annex to the internal rules).

When tools are developed and new businesses integrated, the
Information Systems department, in collaboration with the Group
Controlling department, sets up dedicated transition/project teams
to ramp up new systems while maintaining existing systems to
ensure a smooth and seamless transition.

The Group minimizes these changes as much as possible over the
same time period or geographic area. On average, in one year, less
than 20% of subsidiaries are affected by an upgrade or change in
management system.

Next, each management system roll-out is supported by specialized
service providers, enabling correct definition of needs and
con! guration of the management tools, minimizing operational risk
when the tool is launched.

Lastly, the Group makes sure to employ extra resources internally
during the start-up phases to reduce the impact on local teams and
ensure the solid, stable launch of new solutions.

This instability may adversely impact consumer con! dence and thus
household consumption. If there is a proven and prolonged recession,
the Group’s business could suffer from currency depreciation for the
local currency combined with an upsurge in in$ation.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR’
Introduction to the Group
9%$:(/)*+,$

The Group also has to face geopolitical risks which could result in
economic sanctions between countries — embargoes or high taxes on
certain goods or commodities, which could include our products — or
they could result in open congict. The Group may decide to pass ona
portion of these taxes onto the product's sale price, which risks losing
a competitive edge compared to competitors that may not be subject
to the tax, or we can keep prices the same and lose pro! t margin.

Lastly, changes in taxes (corporate income tax, VAT, withholdings, tax
agreements, etc.) may impact the Group’s operations in the countries
concerned.

1.4.3. LEGAL RISKS

S*4#) 1% +

Description of risk

The domestic and international environment has become more
complex over the years.

Non-compliance brings a risk of administrative or legal proceedings
alongside ! nancial and/or reputational risk.

Management of risk

! Compliance with international and local regulations is a Group
priority set out in our Code of Ethics.

The Group established a Compliance Committee (described on
page#34), responsible for incorporating these speci!c regulations
and rolling out a speci!c action plan. Each local management
team is responsible for applying these rules, including the General
Manager and Chief Financial Of!cer of the subsidiary, with the
support of legal teams, or a local law !rm. Compliance risks and
more speci!cally anti-corruption risks are factored into the mapping
of Group risks.

With respect to personal data protection, the Group has established
a dedicated speci!c organization that brings together multiple
functional departments: legal, human resources, information
systems, marketing, etc. Moreover, security processes in the event
of security breaches to our IT applications impacting personal data
have been drawn up and rolled out to ensure a rapid and effective
response to this risk.

Management of risk

The Group’s international presence — both commercial and industrial
— helps to diversify risks, as they can be offset between countries
and geographical areas.

A risk map is also drawn up each year by the Audit and Internal
Control department, in collaboration with the management teams of
the entities concerned, to assess changes in risks (political, social,
economic, etc.) for each country.

Constantly adapting to changes in the markets is an integral part
of the Group’s know-how. When the Group was going through the
!nancial crisis, we knew we needed to adjust our structures and
prices quickly to reduce impacts from local currency depreciation
as quickly as possible and adjust our cost bases to a reduction
in sales.

The Group’s powerful and versatile manufacturing base gives
the Group some $exibility in how to supply different markets and
potentially transfer the manufacturing base if necessary.

The Group is gradually developing training courses adapted to
regulatory developments, as part of a Global Compliance training
program. This program includes a “Code of Ethics” training course
as a Starting point, as well as more speci!c training (“Antitrust”,
“Anti-corruption” or indeed “Personal data protection”).

In terms of tax regulations, the Group cooperates with and has an
open relationship with the tax authorities and endeavors to comply
with and implement tax regulations in all the countries in which it
operates.

Regulatory changes are monitored by the Accounting and Tax
department and local ! nance departments.

The Group’s Code of Ethics sets out the principles governing its tax
policy:

! “We pay all taxes due in the countries in which we operate.”

! “We endeavor to ensure that the accounting and tax !lings we
make to the authorities are exhaustive and re$ect the real picture
in each subsidiary.”

The Group also applies OECD transfer pricing recommendations and
is regularly audited by the relevant tax authorities.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
$./40$%".)0;" (®@)

Description of risk

Groupe SEB is present in nearly 150#countries, through its subsidiaries
or distributors. The Group’s business includes manufacturing,
distribution and sales operations and therefore contracts with
numerous suppliers and customers as well as exposure to public
and private of! cials.

Any proven instance of corruption could have material financial
consequences for the Group (conviction or !nes) as well as risks to
the Group’s image and reputation.

)%(+.% li" !%3"-+>(4.% !#"7.1/3".)O;

Description of risk

The Group’s expansion into new geographical areas, changes in
technology, and growing competitive pressure are all factors that
increase the risks of fraud situations appearing, whether originating
internally or externally, or non-compliance with Group rules.

Despite the Group setting up and explicitly and widely communicating
operating principles, and despite our sophisticated and regular internal
control and audit process (internal and external), the Group is not
immune from violations, be they intentional, or not, material or modest.
Failure to comply with the internal control principles de!ned within the
Group could adversely affect its business and results.

In addition, the attempted “fake President” frauds (involving, for
example, the theft of identities of members of the Group’s Executive
Committee) are steadily growing and more sophisticated.

Management of risk

! With respect to the fight against external fraud, a process of
systematically reporting information on attempted fraud to the
Audit and Internal Control department allows the Group to analyze
these situations, inform all entities of the risks and respond quickly

03" + 1(4+3"($". 4044, %&"9/* 1%". J&9(O""

Description of risk

At the end of 2019, the Group counted 34,000#employees, dealing
with over 4,000#suppliers. Being at the center of such a large, complex
human environment means that the Group is faced with risks relating
to the respect of Human Rights, which are also intrinsically linked
to the Group’s founding values. In terms of the Group’s operations,
this risk can be represented by failure to comply with the working
conditions recommended by the World Trade Organization: failure
to respect local labor laws or failure to respect differences in the
company, in terms of gender or orientation.

Introduction to the Group
9%$:C/)*+,$

Management of risk

The management policy for this risk is presented in the Extra-
Financial Performance Declaration in Chapter#3 “Corporate Social
Responsibility”.

by implementing new checks (particularly updating our ! rewalls).
A#major initiative to raise awareness among !nancial employees
and the systematic implementation of dual checks, for example,
have enabled the Group to ! ght against attempts of identity theft
of customers, suppliers and Group senior managers through
technological means.

Risk mapping fraud forms the basis for tests performed on our IT
systems by the Audit and Internal Control department to identify
potential fraud. This approach is reinforced every year by measures
including the use of a specialized tool for processing and analyzing
data, based on the Group’s information systems.

Finally, the Group’s internal control system and its standard
processes are regularly reviewed to ensure that the risk of fraud or
non-compliance with the Group’s principles are taken into account.
This review gives rise reinforcement of the processes if necessary
(for example additional controls on the recognition of turnover or on
third-party banking information changes in our systems). However,
as adequate as it may be, the system put in place cannot provide
absolute guarantee that the risk does not occur.

Page#43 provides more details on the management of computer
security.

Any breaches in this area could incur !nancial consequences from the
competent authorities, and above all have an impact on the Group’s
reputation.

Management of risk

The management policy for this risk is presented in the Extra-
Financial Performance Declaration in Chapter#3 “Corporate Social
Responsibility”.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR’
Introduction to the Group
9%$:(/)*+,$

#)Q&!O$%".)O;

Description of risk

In the ordinary course of its business, the Group may be faced with
disputes entailing a direct or indirect impact (legal costs, !nancial
convictions, criminal convictions, operational blockages, damage to
image and reputation).

Management of risk

!_ The Group endeavors to have as much of its dealings with partners
covered by contracts to provide its operations with an appropriate
legal framework.

! Legal department:

educates its stakeholders on the need to have dealings with
partners governed by a legal framework;

gives operational staff as much support as possible with
contractual negotiations;

puts in place procedures to identify and manage legal risks;

takes the lead in lawsuits and their follow-up through a network of
legal ! rms covering most countries in which the Group operates.
Additional details on litigation can be found in Note#21.2
“Claims and litigation and#other#contingencies” and Note#29.1.2
“Litigation” in the Consolidated Financial Statements.

1.4.4. INDUSTRIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS

.)0;"$7"5/0)%+00")%(+../40$%

Description of risk

Because of its size and product diversity, Groupe SEB manages
an increasingly complex procurement process that includes raw
materials, components and ! nished products.

It is subject to several factors that could have an impact on the Group’s
business continuity:

As a manufacturer, the Group manufactures 2/3 of the products
we sell in our own plants. Our ability to forecast sales and adjust
our production schedule, and our ability to correctly deliver our
contracts are therefore crucial.

Every year the Group purchases significant volumes of raw
materials, components, !nished products, etc. Having an excessive
concentration of suppliers could lead to dependency with a high risk
to business continuity if there is ever a disruption (delivery delay,
business interruption, business relationship gone sour, bankruptcy,
major incident such as ! re, etc.)

As the Group operates on a global scale, the supply chain in place
is increasingly complex. The way our plants, suppliers and markets
are spread out leads to a high dependence on certain logistics
routes (China to Europe, China to the United States, Europe to the
Middle East or the Americas, etc.). These routes could be disrupted,
especially if natural or geopolitical risks arise, signi! cantly impacting
our operations.

The Group has to face natural risks (!res, $oods, landslides) or
epidemics that can affect our plants, warehouses or a geographic
area where the Group operates and could affect industrial operations
at the site or in the area concerned.

Management of risk

! Planning and logistics are managed at the global level. The Group
has rolled out a group-wide and collaborative S&OP (Sales and
Operating Planning) process, from sales forecasting in market
companies to capacity planning, production and delivery to the
customer.

The Group is particularly vigilant about diversifying risks and limiting
dependence in terms of component, raw material and !nished
product supplies. Its priority is to ensure continuity of production
under optimum economic conditions, while conforming to ethical
principles, and to have alternatives at its disposal within a single
product family or for a speci! c technology.

With regard to logistics routes, there is no systematic alternative for
all shipments; however, the Group encourages alternative routes as
much as possible, such as river transportation.

Concerning the continuity of our industrial operations, each of
the Group’s plants undergo an annual assessment of local risks
and prevention plans are put in place. Additionally, the Group
has applied an active approach to industrial risk prevention by
conducting regular audits, investing in maintenance and optimizing
certain processes to limit the probability of such risks occurring. The
European, US and Chinese sites are generally not, or only slightly,
exposed to major natural risks (hurricanes, $oods, earthquakes,
etc.), and the same is true of the warehouses.

Moreover, the risk of a pandemic is included in our international
health plan “Health in SEB” and in each sites continuity plans. More
details can be found on page#142 in Chapter#3.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
941#(9="0!7+(1"!%3"+%-).$%*+%(".)O5"" ®)

Description of risk

The health and safety of its employees are among Groupe#SEB’s
foremost concerns. Nonetheless, the risk of work-related illnesses,
workplace accidents or physical injuries cannot be ruled out.

With nearly 34,000#employees spanning the globe, the risk of a
workplace accident will always be present and it concerns all
categories of employees (on site, in stores, at headquarters, etc.).

On the other hand, with 42#plants around the world, the Group is
exposed to industrial risks (!res, accidents, pollution emission), which
may affect the health of our employees and the environment.

As the Group operates in nearly 150#countries, we are also exposed
to safety and security risk for our employees: operations in at-risk

03" +H#(43"($" AEM", % 8H" ®)

Description of risk

Due to its industrial and commercial activity, Groupe SEB is exposed to
acertain number of risks that are directly related to weather conditions
(storms, droughts, $ooding, heat waves, etc.), and therefore, more
widely, to climate change.

4.$3/,("</!#)(1".)03"!%3".)0;0".-+4#!(+3"($"4.$3/,("#)!5 AC

Description of risk

The Group is particularly vigilant in matters of consumer safety and
pays the utmost attention to the safety and security of raw materials,
components and ! nished products. It may, however, have to accept
liability or witness its image, or that of its brands, being tarnished.
Instances of users being hurt when a product malfunctions or is used
inappropriately cannot be ruled out. The Group is, therefore, exposed
to risks of warranty or liability claims from customers and consumers.
Product recalls may prove necessary in some cases.

Meanwhile, regulations regarding food products and materials liable to
create a health risk are constantly changing (generally moving towards
a tightening of regulations) and are sometimes preceded by media
campaigns about the harmfulness of certain materials. Any of these
situations might generate a risk zone for the Group if one or more of
the materials concerned were used in the production of our products.

Management of risk

! The Group’s quality policy is fully incorporated into the design and
manufacture of all products: each stage of product design is part of
a standard quality process and is subject to successive approvals,
particularly with regard to the components used, the materials
implemented, and the suppliers selected.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR’

Introduction to the Group
9%$:C/)*+,$

countries, frequent work travel in different areas where the Group
operates, abrupt geopolitical changes in certain areas involving
physical risks for local teams, etc.

We cannot totally rule out these events from occurring and it could
have an adverse impact on the Group’s business and results, our
human resources as well as our image and reputation.

Management of risk

The management policy for this risk is presented in the Extra-
Financial Performance Declaration in Chapter#3 “Corporate Social
Responsibility”.

Management of risk

The management policy for this risk is presented in the Extra-
Financial Performance Declaration in Chapter#3 “Corporate Social
Responsibility”.

! In addition, the Group carries out numerous quality controls on
the products we market. We also endeavor to include simple and
accessible user information sheets with our products to warn of
potentially hazardous uses.

In the markets, the Group uses a network (usually outsourced) of
service centers, which manages product repair and follow-up. The
employees/technicians in these service centers receive regular
and comprehensive training from the Group to ensure they can
provide optimum support to consumers should one of its products
malfunction. The service centers are also authorized to handle
customer complaints, repairs under and outside warranty, and the
sale of spare parts and consumables, in order to provide the best
level of service to our consumers.

With regard to potential health risks, the Group has set up a
regulatory and technical watch process (on all media, including
the internet). This ensures that standards and restrictions in these
areas (including the update following the European Directive on
Dangerous Substances amongst other things) are rolled out to the
R&D teams.

The Group has also recorded a provision for product warranty
costs based on historical statistics and has put in place insurance
coverage for civil liability (see paragraph on Insurance).
Introduction to the Group
9%$:(/)*+,$

1.4.5. FINANCIAL AND MARKET RISKS

05". +#1(4+3"($"7#/,/!0$%0")%" /..+%,)+0"!%3".18"* 1+.) #0

Description of risk

Groupe SEB has a commercial presence in nearly 150#countries. With
production rather concentrated in Europe and in China, our business
is, therefore, highly exposed to transaction currency risk when our
products are billed to our customers in a currency that is different
from the country where the products were manufactured. This makes
managing foreign exchange $uctuations a competitive priority. There is
also a translation effect when converting revenues and earnings from
different countries into euros on consolidation. Currency $uctuations
may thus have a signi!cant impact on the Group’s results.

Moreover, Groupe#SEB uses a certain number of raw materials in our
manufacturing processes: aluminum (for cookware), nickel (for certain
steel alloys, mainly stainless steel), copper (mainly wire for motors and
electric cords), plastics (a key material in small electrical appliances)
and paper/cardboard products for printed documents and packaging.
These materials and components vary as a percentage of direct
purchases for the Group: on average over the last two years, aluminum
has accounted for 11% of direct purchases for manufacturing, steel
and metal parts for 20%; plastic materials and parts for 19%; and
electrical and electronic components for 24%.

The Group is therefore exposed to risks concerning the availability of
raw materials and $uctuations in their prices. These include both a risk
of shortages and of being forced to pass all or part of price increases
on to consumers. This could affect performance (sales and earnings).

Management of risk

!_ The Group’s currency position is short in dollars and yuan and long
in all other currencies. To limit its risk, the Group hedges a portion
of its highly probable future cash $ows, as well as almost all of
its balance sheet transaction risk, by means of forward contracts
and options.

Given the sometimes sudden and significant fluctuations in
exchange rates, the Group adapts our pricing policy: increasing sale
prices to preserve the local pro! tability of commercial subsidiaries,
where the relevant currency depreciates against the production
currency, and adjusting prices downwards to preserve market
momentum and competitiveness if exchange rates improve.

Details of currency risks are given in the notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements (Note#26.2.1).

To deal with the exposure on raw materials, Groupe#SEB has
implemented a hedging policy intended to protect us against the
effects of abrupt changes in the prices of metals and thus enable
us to avoid any brisk changes in sale prices. This policy has no
speculative purpose but, for any given year and in relation to actual
market prices, may produce:

! positive impacts when raw material prices are rising;

! negative impacts when commodity prices are falling.

In addition, the Group constantly endeavors to improve our
manufacturing productivity and to reduce our purchasing costs,
which both help to offset market volatility.

Commodity risks are dealt with in Note#26.2.3 to the Financial
Statements.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
1.4.6. INSURANCE

&.$/4"&4%o+.1#")%O/.'% +" $-+."
2+>,#/3)%&")%O/.1%,+"$7"4+.0$%0 @

Groupe#SEB’s policy concerning insurance coverage (Fire, Accidents
and Miscellaneous Risks) is, on the one hand, to protect its assets
against risks that could affect the Group and, on the other, to cover its
liability for any damages caused to third parties. This transfer of risk to
insurance companies is nonetheless accompanied by risk protection
and prevention measures. For con! dentiality reasons, the amount of
the premiums is not disclosed. Acquired companies are incorporated
into global insurance programs.

)%o(+&.!(+3"8$.#38)3 +" $-+.1&+

The Group has established worldwide insurance plans with major
international insurers to protect itself against major risks, which include
damage to property and loss of earnings, civil liability, environment,
transport and inventory, cybercrime and customer risks.

31*1&+"($"100+(0"!%3"#$00"$7"+!.%)%&O

Coverage for risk of property damage and consequent loss of
earnings resulting from common risks (! re, $ooding, etc.) amounts to
"250#million per claim for factories and warehouses, with an additional
"150#million for certain strategic sites.

This !gure was calculated using the “Maximum Foreseeable Loss”
hypothesis in consultation with the insurer and its assessors, who
analyzed the impact of the total destruction of one of the Group’s main
production centers. Lower thresholds are in place for other types of
more speci!c or localized risk, such as the risk of earthquake in certain
regions where the Group operates abroad.

This policy takes into consideration additional risk protection measures
at Group sites, which are regularly visited by specialist risk prevention
assessors from the insurance companies concerned.

»)-}##)!5 CL.

All the Group’s subsidiaries are included in a worldwide civil liability
insurance plan that covers liability relating to their operations and the
products that they manufacture or distribute, as well as the cost of
product recalls.

The amounts of coverage are based on the quanti!cation of the risks
to which the Group is exposed in view of its business.

The Group also covers its senior managers for civil liability under a
speci!c insurance policy.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR’

Introduction to the Group
9%$:C/)*+,$

+%-).$%*+%(

A multi-risk environmental insurance policy covers environmental risks
on all Group sites.

Coverage applies to:

! accidental, historical and gradual pollution;

! damage to biodiversity;

! pollution clean-up costs.

(.!%04$.("!%3")%-+%($.1

The Group’s transport insurance covers damage to transported
merchandise for all types of transport: sea, road/rail or air transport
anywhere in the world.

This insurance covers transport risks up to an amount of "10#million
per occurrence.

It also covers incidents occurring at warehouses up to a maximum
of "15#million, with any amount over this limit being covered by the
policy for damage to property and loss of earnings.

15+.

Financial protection held by Groupe SEB against attacks on its IT
systems covers damage and liability for a total amount of "15#million.
This broad-scope insurance policy also covers attacks on personal
data.

/0($*+.".)05

With rare exceptions relating to local issues, the Group’s subsidiaries
hold credit risk insurance under a Group plan to cover the majority of
their risk on customer receivables.

#$,1#")%0/.1%,+"4$#),)+0

More speci!c insurance policies are taken out locally by each of the
Group’s companies, as appropriate.
Introduction to the Group

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
< E+,.+./# (2+@’ ,&/&)’

<el=( > 7.127 &*/*%4+-&(;,/7 34,:( <=I=(_ J,+#.(2/&/2’ 7 &*(048%’ $( BA
s+, bb,.t,/*’(2+@’ ,&/&)’(.,%&)%.1°$( AB
<=A=( 9? 2#&’/*%+&(.41%)5( BK
<=<=( C/&/2° 7 &*($* HH, ( AB Remuneration of the members of the Board
Chairman and CEO 58 oftDirectors . 87
Chief Operating Of! cer 58 Remuneration of executive of! cers 89
Remuneration of members of the Group
SSD=(_ Et? +8906 + & (+, 2/8 IT Ft &(18( Say on Pay: femuneraton paid during or
+. /*%+ & (44 ("4/,8(4;(G%,’)*+,$( AH allocated tor the year ended 31#December
Composition of the Board of Directors 59 2019 to corporate executive of! cers 105
About the directors 61
Summary table of directors 74
Summary of how directors’ terms of of! ce
are#staggered 75

Directors’ status in terms of independence criteria 77
Organization and operation of the Board

of#Directors 78
Implementation of the recommendations
offtthe#AFEP-MEDEF Code 84

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR
Corporate governance

SDV PRA EK IY 34:64, Dest /* (24+@ 8/8)’ (.,%8)%.1$

2.1. Implementation framework for corporate
governance principles

Groupe SEB adheres to the June#2020 version of the AFEP-MEDEF
Corporate Governance Code for listed companies (the “AFEP-MEDEF
Code”), which can be consulted on the MEDEF website (www.medef.
com).

Pursuant to the recommendations of the AFEP-MEDEF Code, as well
as Article#L.#225-37-4 paragraph#8 of the French Commercial Code,
this Chapter reports on the application of the provisions adopted
and explains why some provisions were not applied. In accordance
with Article#L.#225-37, paragraph#6 of the French Commercial Code,

this Chapter includes a portion of the Corporate Governance Report,
appended to the Management Report, as shown in the cross-reference
table available on page#349

It should be noted that the information referred to in Article#L.#225-
37-5 of the French Commercial Code and, in particular, information

concerning the capital structure of the company and factors which

could affect a hypothetical takeover bid, appears in Chapter#7,
“Information concerning the company and its share capital”.

2.2. Management structure

The company is managed by Thierry de#La#Tour d’Artaise, Chairman and Chief Executive Of!cer. He is assisted by Stanislas de#Gramont, Chief

Operating Of! cer, who took of!ce on 3#December 2018.

CHAIRMAN AND CEO

In a unitary management structure, the Board of Directors is
responsible for deciding whether or not the General Management
of the company can be entrusted to the Chairman of the Board or
to a third party, in accordance with Article#L.#225-51-1 of the French
Commercial Code and the recommendations of the AFEP-MEDEF
Code.

At the end of its meeting on 21#June 2002, the Board of Directors
unanimously decided that the General Management of the company
would be assumed, under its responsibility, by the Chairman of the
Board of Directors, Thierry de#La#Tour d’Artaise.

CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER

Following its meeting of 10#October 2018, the Board of Directors, on
the proposal of the Chairman and Chief Executive Of! cer and after
studying the recommendations of the nominations and remunerations
Committee (now called governance and remuneration Committee),
appointed Stanislas de#Gramont as Chief Operating Of!cer, replacing
Bertrand Neuschwander.

Each time Thierry de#La#Tour d’Artaise was reappointed, in#2004, 2008,
2012, 2016 and for his planned reappointment in 2020, the Board of
Directors con!rmed this structure for the company’s management
authority, deemed to be the most appropriate given the company’s
organizational structure and operating methods, offering faster and
more ef! cient decision-making.

Moreover, the Board of Directors applied no limits to the powers of the
Chairman and CEO, which are described on page#79.

As Chief Operating Of!cer, Stanislas de#Gramont’s role is to assist
Thierry de#La#Tour d’Artaise in his Group management tasks, in
accordance with the law and the Company’s bylaws.

He has the same powers as Chairman and CEO Thierry de#La#Tour
d’Artaise with respect to third#parties.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Corporate governance
E+2.4$%* %+&E(+,2/& oT * To+8(/&8(+. WE CHBBH(G%,’)*+,$

2.3. Composition, organization and operation
of the Board of Directors

The Board of Directors is a collective body that represents all the
shareholders and acts solely in the company’s interests.

According to the AFEP-MEDEF Code: “the organization of the Board s
work, and likewise its membership, must be suited to the shareholder
make-up, to the size and nature of each firms business, and to the
particular circumstances facing it. Each Board is the best judge of this,

and its foremost responsibility is to adopt the modes of organization

and operation that enable it to carry out its mission in the best possible
manner ”.

The company was inspired by these recommendations to organize a
Board of Directors, with a membership and organizational structure
which enable it to effectively perform its corporate missions, in line
with the various interests at stake.

COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The company’s governance is based on the existence of a family base
that has evolved and adapted to the challenges, business activities
and requirements of all stakeholders.

This family heritage is resected in the composition of the Board of
Directors, on which the presence of directors from the Founder Group
responds to the family shareholding structure while complying with the
principles of corporate governance, particularly thanks to the presence
of independent directors.

To reflect the changing family shareholder base and statutory
changes on employee representation and gender balance, the Board
of Directors, upon the recommendation of the Governance and
Remuneration Committee (formerly Nominations and#Remuneration
Committee) decided to refresh its membership in 2019.

K+%+.1#"4.)%,)4#+0" +41 %E&"($"(O+"
$*4$0)0$%"$7"(9+"5$!.3"$7"3).+,($.0

Since the Annual General Meeting of 22#May 2019 and Groupe SEB’s
European Committee of 27 June 2019, the Board of Directors has
17#members whose terms of of!ce are four years in accordance with
the bylaws.
The composition of the Board of Directors is as follows:
! Chairman;
! 8#directors representing the Founder Group, namely:
| 4#directors from VENELLE INVESTISSEMENT,
| 2i#directors from GENERACTION,
| 2#directors from FEDERACTIVE;
| 5#independent directors;
! 1#director representing employee shareholders; and
! 2#directors representing employees.

More than one-third of Board members are independent, as
recommended by the AFEP-MEDEF Code.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL neon 208 |

It also strives to maintain a balance in its membership and in its
committees, particularly when it comes to diverse careers and
experience.

In this respect, having 8#women, i.e. 53% (8/15) of the members of the
Board of Directors, in line with the calculation method in the bylaws

used up to that point, which included the employee shareholder

director but excluded the two employee directors, achieves the gender

balance required under Article#L 225-18-1 of the French Commercial
Code. In accordance with the new provisions of the PACTE law, the

applicable calculation method was changed with a resulting change to

the bylaws proposed in Resolution#23 being put to the Annual General
Meeting on 19#May 2020. Under this, 7#women will be counted, i.e.
50% (7/14) of the members of the Board of Directors (the employee

directors and the employee shareholder director no longer being

included in the calculation).

In addition, the international experience acquired by certain directors
during their professional careers or as a result of their residency
abroad ensures that the Board of Directors takes greater account of
international practices and issues.

This diversity also stems from the independent directors being
mutually supportive and having a wide range of expertise (distribution,
!nance, data marketing, strategy, human resources, audit, governance
and CSR), contributions from the employee representatives and the
family shareholder base’s long-term outlook.

During the 2019#evaluation of the Board of Directors, the members
were able, through various questions on this subject, to express their
satisfaction with the diversity in the composition of the Board and with
the resulting enrichment.

The directors together hold, 20.0% of the OGM capital and 12.6% of
the EGM capital of the company and 25.6% of the OGM theoretical
voting rights and 16.1% of the EGM theoretical voting rights thereby
adhering to the terms of the Directors’ Charter and internal rules of
the Board of Directors (the “Charter and internal rules”) under which
each director is required to hold a minimum number of pure registered
SEB#S.A. shares equivalent to about two years of attendance
fees (except for directors representing employees and employee
shareholders).
Corporate governance
E+?.4$%*%+&F(+,2/8%T* Sot 8/88 (+. WF CHEB (G%,")*4,$

Composition of the Board of Directors in 2019

!"#$%% &’ ($’)*"14,%” (-.Zol*#0$

= 3D<DEF.:!GA
-.0 *4+4-(-+/0$/,
ea

a <$0%-T"$(=$,&,4"#

an

=e!

awsmcres —) (2008) ( xsroors.scamr) (1 54 684, «

!"#$%$"#S"&’ (0)

(an) Chairman and CEO

Member of F D RACTIVE

@ Director member of the Governance

a Member of GN RACTION, . .
and Remuneration Committee

a Member of VENELLE INVESTISSEMENT .
A Director member of the Audit and Compliance Committee
Cy) Independent director

[| Director representing employee/employee shareholders

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Corporate governance
E+2.4$%* %+&E(+,2/& oT * To+8(/&8(+. WE CHBBH(G%,’)*+,$

ABOUT THE DIRECTORS

7$/%3)%&" 9!).*+%

Frédéric Lescure t Henri Lescure t Emmanuel Lescure t

Thierry DE LA TOUR D’ARTAISE

. . | Date of rst appointment:
Chairman and Chief
. . AGM of 3#May 1999
Executive Officer ° od : 2 |
| Date of last reappointment:
AGM of 19#May 2016

| End date of term of of Coq
2020#AGM#(Reappointment)

Main professional address: '"#$%&’()

Tae See Moulin(Garron The Chairman and Chief Executive Of! cer of Groupe SEB, Thierry de#La#Tour d’Artaise,
69130 Ecully - France was born in October#1954 in Lyon. He graduated from the ESCP in#1976 and is a chartered

accountant. He is also an Of!cer of the French Legion of Honor.
Age: 65

Nationality: French He began his career at Allendale Insurance in the US in#1976 as a Financial Controller,

before joining the audit !rm Coopers & Lybrand in#1979 as an Auditor, and then a manager.
Committee member: — No He moved to Groupe Chargeurs in#1983, where he was appointed Chief Financial Of!cer
Number of SEB shares held: 546,002 of Croisiéres Paquet, before becoming Chief Executive Of! cer.

In#1994, he came to Groupe SEB as Chief Executive Of!cer, then Chairman and Chief

Executive Of!cer of Calor#S.A. (1996). In#1999, he was appointed Vice-Chairman and
CEO of Groupe SEB, and has been its Chairman and Chief Executive Of! cer since#2000.

*+(,%o-.1%0%,0+-#1 1".,2-&03-"#2" +" #02 *4(,%0-.1%0%,0+-#1 1".,2-&03-"#2"+" #02

Member of the Supervisory
Board

SEB Internationale (wholly-owned Chairman Permanent representative
subsidiary of SEB#S.A.) CIC — Lyonnaise de Banque of So! naction on the Board
Zhejiang Supor Co.,#Ltd* (China of Directors

— a#subsidiary#81.19% owned Holding HPP Chairman
by#SEB Internationale#S.A.S.)

Functions and current

mandates Peugeot#S.A.

Company

Chairman of the Board
of#Directors

; : *4(, 00-11" .,2-&03~#2"+"#02-(,43-"0-+(,-4&2+4-1"5,-),& 2-8 0#6-,7°'"% 3
Chairman of the Supervisory Se 6 SS ————

WMF Group#GmbH Board Functions and current
Company
mandates
Club Méditerranée#S.A. Director
Director and member
Legrand* of the#Nominations and

Governance Committee

* — Listed company.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR
Corporate governance

E+2.4$%* +&F(+,2/& %7/* To+8(/&8(+. WE C4+8BH(G%,’)*+,$

Main professional address:

Campus SEB

112#chemin du Moulin Carron

69130 Ecully — France

Age: 54

Nationality: French

Committee member: | No

Number of SEB shares held: 120,141
(including 9,825#full-ownership
and#110,316#bare-ownership shares)

*+(,%o-.1%0%,0+-#1 1".,2-&03-"#2" +" #02

Delphine BERTRAND

Director @nember Date of rst appointment:

of the Founder Group, AGMitofit1 1#May 2017

member of FEDERACTIVE Date of last reappointment:
AGM#of#1 6#May 2018

End date of term of of ce: 2022#AGM

W"#$%&’()

Delphine Bertrand has a degree in Japanese, holds a CPEI quali!cation from the Institut
National des#Langues et Civilisations Orientales (INALCO) and is a Master Practitioner of
neurolinguistic programming. She has served as communication of!cer of FEDERACTIVE
since 2013.

She is a co-founder of the Premiére Pierre foundation (FPP), which was set up in#2007
to support charitable organizations that help vulnerable people to rebuild their lives, in
the areas of housing, employment, disability and education.

Delphine Bertrand is certi! ed in corporate governance: “objectif administratrice” from
EM Lyon.

*11",2-&03-"#2"+"#02-(,43-"0-+(,-4&2+-1"5,-),&%2-& OH6-,7°"%,3

Company Functions and current mandates None

FEDERACTIVE Member of the Advisory Board

Main professional address:
Campus SEB

112#chemin du Moulin Carron
69130 Ecully — France

Age: 46

Nationality: French

Committee member: | No

Number of SEB shares held: n/a

*+(,%-.1%%,0+-#1 1".,2-&03-" #2" +"'#02-

None

Nora BEY

Director representing | Date of — rst appointment:
employees Groupe#SEB European Committee#
27#June 2019

| End date of term of of ce: 2023

W"#$%&’()-

Nora Bey holds a Master’s degree in Sales and Marketing from the Conservatoire National
des#Arts et Métiers in Paris and is a CSCP certi!ed Supply Chain Professional. She joined
Groupe SEB in 1997. Nora performed various Supply Chain functions for Tefal#SAS before
being appointed head of sales and operations planning in the cookware business in 2017.

*+(,%o-#1 1".,2-&03-#2" +"#02-(,43-"0-+(,-4&2+-1"S,-),8&%2-&086-,7'"%,3-

None

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
*

Main professional address:
28 Rue de Chateaudun
75009#Paris#-+#France

Age: 47
Nationality: French

Committee member: audit and compliance

Committee

Number of SEB shares held: 750

*+(,%o-.1%0%,0+-#1 1".,2-&03-"#2" +" #02

Company

Numberly* - 1000mercis Group Chairwoman and CEO

Ocito (Groupe#1000mercis)

Listed company.

Chairwoman of the Supervisory

Board

Corporate governance
E+2.4$%* Tot 8CF(+,2/& %T/* r+ & (/&8(+. WH CHER (G%,’)*+,$

Yseulys COSTES

Date of rst appointment:
AGMi#of#1 4#May 2013

Date of last reappointment:
AGMi#of#1 1#May 2017

End date of term of of ce: 2021#AGM

Independent Director

W"#$%&’()

Yseulys Costes holds a Master’s degree in Management Sciences and a postgraduate
degree in Marketing and Strategy from Université Paris-IX Dauphine. She is Chairwoman,
CEO and founder of Numberly - 1000mercis Group. She discovered the internet in#1995
during her MBA studies at the Robert O. Anderson School in the US. Given her interest
in Data and Marketing, she founded Numberly - 1000mercis Group to offer its clients
innovative digital strategies with a high return on investment, through targeted, multi-
channel solutions with a measurable impact. As an Interactive Marketing researcher, she
spent time at Harvard Business School, in the US, and has taught at several institutions
(HEC, ESSEC and Paris Dauphine).

Before founding Numberly, she wrote many works and articles on marketing and
databases, and was the coordinator of the IAB France on its creation.

In#2014, she moved to Palo Alto in California, the heart of Ad Tech, to develop Numberly,
the Group’s international subsidiary. She moved back to France in 2018. She is a member
of the Strategy Board of the City of Paris.

*11",2-&03-"#2"+"#02-(,43-"0-+(,-4&2+-1"5,-),& %2-& H6-,7'"%,3

Functions and current mandates Company Functions and current mandates
Member of the Supervisory
Numergy Board
Vivendi* Member of the Supervisory

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR
Corporate governance

E+2.4$%* +&F(+,2/& %7/* To+8(/&8(+. WE C4+8BH(G%,’)*+,$

Main professional address:
Campus SEB

112#chemin du Moulin Carron
69130 Ecully — France

Age: 67
Nationality: French
Committee member: No

Number of SEB shares held: S55)

Jean-Pierre DUPRIEU

| Date of rst appointment:
AGM#of#22#May 2019

| End date of term of of

Independent Director

ce: 2023#AGM

W"#$%&’()

Jean-Pierre Duprieu is an agronomic engineer with a Master’s Degree in Food Industry
from the Institut National Agronomique (AgroParisTech). He is also a graduate of the Institut
de#Contréle de#Gestion and the International Forum (Wharton). He joined the Air Liquide
Group in 1976. He spent his entire career at Air Liquide holding various commercial,
operational, strategic and general management positions, !rst as International Marketing
Director, then as Sales and Marketing Director for France and then as Executive Vice-
president of Air Liquide France. In 2000, Jean-Pierre Duprieu was appointed Senior Vice
President and member of the Group’s Executive Committee in charge of Europe, Africa
and the Middle East. For ! ve years, he was based in Tokyo as a member of the Executive
Committee, Director of the Asia Paci!c region and of the World Electronics Business
Line. Upon returning from Asia in 2010, he was named Deputy Chief Executive Of! cer

of the Air Liquide Group.

*+(,%o-.1%0%,0+-#1 1".,2-&03-"#2" +" #02

*11",2-&03-"#2"+"#02-(,43-"0-+(,-4&2+-1"5,-),&%2-& OH6-,7°"%,3

Company Functions and current mandates Company Functions and current mandates
Michelin* Member of the Supervisory Board Air Liquide Group* Deputy Chief Executive Of! cer
and Audit Committee Air Liquide Welding Director

Director, member of the Audit
Committee and Chairman of the
Compensation and Appointments
Committee

Air Liquide Santé International Director

Korian Group*

Air Liquide Eastern Europe Chairman

* — Listed company.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Registered of ce: .
66,#avenue#des#Champs-Elysées
75008#Paris — France

487#544#223#RCS#Paris
Committee member: | No

Number of SEB shares held:
4,095,647 (4,095,644 of which are bare
ownership and 3 full ownership).

*+(,%o-.1%0%,0+-#1 1".,2-&03-"#2" +" #02

None

Main professional address:
Campus SEB

112#chemin du Moulin Carron
69130 Ecully — France

Age: 48
Nationality: French

*+(,%o-.1%0%,0+-#1 1".,2-&03-"#2" +" #02

with#share capital of "205,312

Corporate governance
E4249" G4 &F(+,2/8%T/* Fo+ & (/88(+. WA CHER (G%,)*+,$

FEDERACTIVE

Director - member

Date of rst appointment:

of the Founder Group AGM#of#1 1#May 2006
| Date of last reappointment:
| Simplited joint-stock company AGM#of##1 6#May 2018

End date of term of of ce: 2022#AGM

89:*;<=>8*9
FEDERACTIVE is a controlling holding company which mainly represents the equity
interests of the founding family, registered on 14#April 2006.

The company has been represented on the Board of Directors of SEB#S.A. by Sarah
Chauleur, replacing Pascal Girardot, since the Annual General Meeting of 11#May 2017.

*11",2-&03-"#2"+"#02-(,43-"0-+(,-4&2+-1"5,-),&%2-& OH6-,7°"%,3

None

Sarah BHAULEUR

Permanent representative of FEDERACTIVE
on the Board of Directors

W"#$%&’()

Sarah Chauleur has a postgraduate degree in Information and Communication Sciences
and an “objectif administratrice” corporate governance diploma from EM Lyon. She
served as Communications Manager for FEDERACTIVE until 2019. Now, Sarah is in
charge of responsible shareholding, CSR and governance. She is also co-convener of
the Premiére Pierre foundation (under the auspices of the Fondation de#France).

*11",2-&03-"#2"+"#02-(,43-"0-+(,-4&2+-1"5,-),&%2-& OH6-,7°"%,3

Company Functions and current mandates None

FEDERACTIVE Member of the Advisory Board

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR
Commentary on the financial year
<L!HM%241%24*$

4.1. 2019 Highlights

GENERAL ENVIRONMENT

In 2019, the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment remained
uncertain, largely due to trade tensions between China and the United
States and diplomatic tensions (Iran —- United States, Japan - South
Korea).

In Europe, consumer and business con!dence levels struggled to
remain stable over the entire year. Uncertainties speci!c to certain
countries (Brexit in the United Kingdom, marked deterioration in the
economic context in Germany, and strikes in France) also somewhat
affected demand within the region, particularly at the end of the year.

In the United States, the rapid expansion of online business shook up
physical distribution, particularly brick-and-mortar retail. While certain
players successfully completed their transformation by integrating
an online activity in their model through click&mortar, optimizing
their store $eet or their product portfolios, other are still in trouble.
The consequences for those companies include tighter inventory
management, massive inventory reductions, store closings and
! nancial dif! culties that can result in bankruptcy.

In China, trade tensions with the United States negatively impacted
economic indicators in 2019, although these indicators still remain
at high levels. Chinese/US tensions also dropped slightly at year-
end with the announcement of a phase#1 trade agreement between
the two parties. Domestic demand remained at a good level, and

CURRENCIES

It should be remembered that the US dollar and the Chinese yuan
are currencies for which the Group is “short,” i.e., the weight of its
purchases denominated in these currencies is greater than that of its
sales. In 2019, the US dollar appreciated an average of around 5%
against the euro. By comparison with the euro, the yuan appreciated
slightly in 2019 by around 1% on average.

In addition, because of its presence in around 150#countries, the Group
is exposed to a large number of other currencies, all of them “long”

(in which the Group has sales greater than its costs). Movements for

these currencies have been relatively mixed, between the depreciation

of some (Argentine peso#-64%, Turkish pound#-12%, Colombian
peso#-5%) and the appreciation of others (Egyptian pound#+11%,
Japanese yen#+6%, Mexican peso#+5%).

the Small Domestic Equipment market is still boosted by growing
urbanization and the gains in purchasing power of a middle class that
is still expanding. In Japan, growth remained modest and 2019 was
marked by tensions with South Korea, the increase in the VAT from
8% to 10% in October, and the announcement of a budget recovery
plan at year-end.

Finally, the other emerging countries has continued to to display
a certain volatility and contrasting situations. In Russia, 2019
was notably marked by a VAT hike early in the year and a more
accommodating monetary policy in order to counter the faster than
projected slowdown in in$ation. In Turkey, despite encouraging signs,
investments remained low. In$ation remains high and a new cut in
the key rate was announced by the Central Bank in December. The
situation in Brazil remains mixed. While in$ation remained low, the
key rates were cut once again in December to historically low levels.
The end of the year was, however, marked by encouraging results on
the jobs front, and by the approval of the implementation of pension
reform, which is expected to be followed by other structural reforms
in 2020.

Finally, 2019 was also the year of a large number of social protest
movements, particularly in South America (Colombia and Chile), Asia
(Hong Kong, Lebanon) and in France (pension reform).

In response to constant exchange rate volatility, for several years
the Group has hedged certain currencies to limit sudden effects on
its performance or to smooth out its impact over time. At the same
time, it implements an agile pricing policy, passing on higher prices
to compensate for the adverse effects of weakened currencies on
local pro! tability.

In 2019, exchange rate $uctuations had a total positive impact of
"71#million on the Group’s revenue (compared with an impact of
-"211#million in 2018) and -"5#million on the Operating Result from
Activity (-"45#million in 2018).

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
RAW MATERIALS AND TRANSPORT

The Group is exposed to fluctuations in the price of certain raw
materials, including metals such as aluminum, nickel (used in stainless
steel) and copper. It is also exposed to changes in the plastics used
in the manufacture of small electrical appliances, and the paper
and cardboard for packaging. These exposures are direct (for in-
house production), or indirect if the manufacturing of the product is
outsourced to subcontractors. In order to spread over time the effects
of sometimes abrupt $uctuations in metal prices, the Group partially
hedges its requirements (aluminium, nickel, copper and some plastic
material related ingredients) which protects it in the event of a sharp
rise in prices, but which results in some inertia in the event of decline.

In 2019, aluminum prices decreased by around 15% (i.e. an average

price of USD#1,795 per ton, compared with USD#2,110 in 2018).

Likewise, the price of copper fell by around 8% in 2019, an average
price of USD#6,005 per ton compared with $6,525 in 2018. Nickel
continued to be volatile: after a decrease of around 11% in the ! rst

Commentary on the financial year

<L!IHM%241%24*$

half, the price soared over the second half of the year (+25%), primarily
because of the announcement of the advancement of the Indonesian
embargo against exports of unre!ned ore (in 2020, versus 2022 as
initially projected). Over 2019, the price of nickel ultimately rose by
around 6%, representing an average price of USD#13,945 compared
with USD#13,120 one year earlier.

The average price per barrel of oil reached USD#64 in 2019, a decline
of about 10% from the 2018 average. Over 2019, oil prices rose around
11% as compared to December 2018, closing the year at USD#66, the
result of a year marked by persistent tensions in the Gulf and questions
around OPEC. In contrast, plastic prices moved down from mid-2019.

In shipping, the cost of sea freight increased only moderately over
2019. As the price of fuel remained stable between 2018 and 2019,
and shortages of drivers in certain regions were reabsorbed, the cost
of road transport also remained stable.

CHANGES IN THE COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Annual General Meeting of SEB#S.A. on 22#May 2019:

elected a new independent director,#Jean-Pierre Duprieu;

elected Thierry Lescure, a member of GENERACTION, as a director;
elected GENERACTION as a director, represented by Caroline
Chevalley;

elected Aude de#Vassart, a member of VENELLE INVESTISSEMENT,
as a director;

re-elected William Gairard.

Cédric Lescure and Hubert Févre, whose terms of of! ce expired at
the Annual General Meeting on 22#May 2019, were not reappointed.
In addition, on 27#June 2019, the Groupe SEB European Works
Council appointed a second employee director, Nora Bey, pursuant
to Article#16 of the bylaws.

As aresult, as at 30#June 2019, the Board of Directors had 17#members:
!_ the Chairman;
! 8#directors representing the Founder Group:
| 4#directors from VENELLE INVESTISSEMENT,
| 2#directors from GENERACTION, and
| 2#directors from FEDERACTIVE.
! 5#independent directors;
! 2#directors representing employees; and
! 1#director representing employee shareholders.

APPOINTMENT OF A NEW SENIOR EXECUTIVE VICE-PRESIDENT

On 3#September 2019, Groupe SEB appointed Nathalie Lomon to the
position of Senior Executive Vice-president of the Group, Finance, who
also joins the Group Executive Committee and Management Board.

Since 2010, Nathalie Lomon has held the position of Group Chief
Financial Of!cer and member of the Executive Committee at Ingenico.
She has also been a director of COFACE since 2017.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR

Nathalie Lomon succeeds Vincent Léonard who, after more than
six years in the Group, wanted to take a new direction in his career,
using his professional experience in the service of social and solidarity
activities.
Commentary on the financial year
<L!HM%241%24*$

WILBUR CURTIS

On 8#January 2019, the Group announced the acquisition of 100% of
the activities of Wilbur Curtis, the no.#2 manufacturer of professional
! Iter coffee machines in the United States. The transaction, subject to
customary regulatory clearances, was !nalized on 8#February 2019.

Founded in 1941, Wilbur Curtis manufactures and markets equipment
for the preparation of hot and cold beverages, mainly !Iter coffee and
cappuccino machines.

Its sustained investments, especially in innovation, have allowed it
to offer one of the most sophisticated and high-quality ranges on
the market. Sales, which have been growing steadily, exceeded
USD#90#million and are mostly US based.

The main customers are coffee roasters, various coffee shop chains,
convenience stores, fast food chains, hotels and restaurants. Wilbur
Curtis builds long-term relationships with its customers and has an
experienced sales force that gives it coverage throughout the US.
Its high-performance manufacturing facility employs 300#people in
Montebello (California).

Already present in professional coffee with Schaerer and WMF
full-automatic espresso coffee machines, Groupe SEB con! rms its
determination to continue expanding in this high-potential sector.
Wilbur Curtis, a ! Iter coffee specialist in the United States, brings the
Group a very valuable strategic !t for its product offer, price ranges,
and customer portfolio.

The Group is targeting leadership status in professional coffee in the
United States.

FAMILY CONCERT REAFFIRMS ITS LONG-TERM SUPPORT TO SEB

Family shareholders totaling over 260#people (% of the capital
held by the Founder Group), grouped with their entities, VENELLE
INVESTISSEMENT and their partners and GENERACTION" and its
members and the HPP holding company, signed a new shareholders’
agreement replacing the various existing agreements, in order to
strengthen their ties and the stability of SEB’s capital.

This agreement was communicated to the AMF, which published it in
accordance with regulations on 7#March 20197.

Along with other family shareholders, the parties signing this agreement
thereby continue their declared concert initiative, con!rming their
ambition to implement a shared sustainable management policy
as regards SEB, for the purpose of ensuring continuity in their
controlling#position.

NEW EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLAN

Following a very good 2018, the Group wanted to recognize the
commitment and signi!cant year contribution of its teams to speeding
up its transformation (incorporation of new brands, international
expansion, digitalization of operations) and to literally give employees
a stake in its strategic plans.

Therefore, on 27#May 2019, Groupe SEB announced the launch of
a new employee share ownership plan. This allowed employees to
subscribe to a reserved capital increase on preferential terms.

(1) Association of family shareholders created in May!2017.
(2) Opinion of the Autorit des!March s Financiers no. 219C0415 of 7!March 2019.

(3) Opinion of the Autorit des!March s Financiers no. 208C1659 of 11!September 2008.
(4) On the basis of the capital and theoretical voting rights in the Extraordinary General Meeting following the signing of the

FEDERACTIVE its associates and its members, who are not parties
to the agreement, have decided to discontinue participation in the
aforementioned concerted voting block. However, FEDERACTIVE,
its partners and members, who terminated the FEDERACTIVE
shareholders’ agreement entered into on 9#July 2008°, have stated
that they are continuing action in concert by maintaining their
commitment to implement a common long-term management policy
for SEB").

As aresult, the family concert holds 32.27% of the capital and 40.15%
of SEB’s voting rights following the signature of the Shareholders’
Agreement on 27#February 2019".

The program covered over 30#countries in which the Group operates
and involved 20,000#employees.

The program, entitled “Horizon#2019,” saw a 22% take-up rate and
an average employee investment of "4,400.

As a result of this program, the Group’s employee shareholding rose
from 2.74% of the share capital to 3.04%.

Agreement on 27!February 2019.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
ACQUISITION OF KRAMPOUZ

On 7#October 2019, Groupe SEB announced that it had !nalized the
acquisition of KRAMPOUZ#SAS.

KRAMPOUZ is a French company that specializes in the design,
manufacture and marketing of crepe pans, waff$e irons, griddles and
grills for professionals and individuals.

KRAMPOUZ is an iconic Breton brand. Based in Pluguffan, the
company relies on a competitive industrial site and has nearly
90#employees.

Commentary on the financial year

<L!IHM%241%24*$

The company earns annual revenue of approximately "18#million. It is
present and distributed on ! ve continents.

KRAMPOUZ completes both the professional offer and the Group’s
premium Consumer product line and now bene!ts from the Group’s
extensive distribution network, in France and internationally, which it
enhances with the DIY and gardening stores in which it is sold.

PLAN TO STRENGTHEN THE COMPETITIVENESS OF WMF

Two and a half years into WMF’s integration, outstanding progress
has been achieved in the Professional Coffee Machine business
(PCM), over-delivering against initial ambitions and with highly
promising growth prospects. Conversely, the Consumer business has
been underperforming despite further investments and its return to
sustainable pro!tability levels needs to be accelerated.

This is why WMF lauched in July 2019 a program, a program aimed at
improving the company’s competitiveness and overall performance.
This program is based on:

continued acceleration of the growth in the PCM business through
increased R&D investments, the launch of new products, an
expansion of production capacity, as well as logistical investments
in Geislingen, in Germany;

a corrective action plan for the Consumer business:

! resuming growth: initiatives have already been launched in
Germany, leveraging the excellent brand image of WMF. The
growth will be driven by faster international development and

DEVELOPMENT IN INDONESIA

On 13#June 2019, Groupe SEB formed a joint venture with MultiFortuna,
its historical distributor in Indonesia, which will be located in Java.

This goal of this project, the ! rst direct establishment of Groupe SEB
in Indonesia, is to strengthen the Group’s presence in this country and
give a strong impetus to sales through this new commercial company.

The new entity, PT Groupe SEB Indonesia MSD, 67% controlled by
Groupe SEB and 33% by the owner of MultiFortuna, will be operational

FINANCING

In the context of its stock buyback program, approved by the Ordinary
and Extraordinary General Meeting

(15'#Resolution) of 22#May 2019, SEB#S.A. executed a transaction
of 19,000#options on its own shares (tunnel). This transaction was

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR

larger investments in innovation in order to optimize the product
portfolio,

! arelaunch of industrial competitiveness: as the production of
stainless steel cookware is loss-making, it is planned to transfer
it to other industrial sites of Groupe SEB in Europe by the end of
2020, to improve competitiveness signi! cantly,

! consolidation of logistics operations in Germany in the Dornstadt
warehouse.

! the implementation of more ef!cient processes and an in-depth
organizational review, leading to a reduction in general expenses.

The reorganization may impact up to 400 out of globally 6,200#jobs.
WMF will offer a wide range of options to employees: voluntary
departure programs, early retirement and the access to newly
created positions stemming from the expansion of its coffee machine
production in Geislingen and the increased warehousing capacity in
nearby Dornstadt.

by the end of the year, and will market the Group’s must-have products
under the Tefal brand (rice cookers, cookware, blenders etc.)

Indonesia has the largest population in Southeast Asia and is the
leading economic power in the region. Its middle class is expected to
grow substantially in the coming year to represent nearly 50% of the
population, which represents strong growth potential for the Group.

made to partially cover the plan to award performance shares to its
employees expiring in 2022 approved by the 22"4#Resolution of this
same Meeting.
Commentary on the financial year
<L!HM%241%24*$

AWARDS FOR GROUPE SEB

(9+"&.$/4".!%;0")%"(9+"($4"AB"
$7",$*41%)-+0"*$0(".+04+,(7/#"
$7"9/* 1%" .)&9(O

To mark the 70'#anniversary of the Declaration of Human Rights,
the non-!nancial ratings agency Vigeo-Eiris published a study on
“Businesses and Human Rights: the risks of negligence”, which
analyzes the commitment of companies around the world to respect
basic Human Rights.

Groupe SEB stands out and is ranked among the top 1% of companies
with the best performance in respect for union rights, respect for
privacy and the right of ownership, the ! ght against child labor, and
non-discrimination.

On average, companies earned a grade of 33/100 for their
commitments to Human Rights in their operations and their supply
chains. With a signi!cantly higher score of 74/100, the Group once
again proves its tangible commitments to Human Rights.

In 2018, the Group was already at the top of the Vigeo-Eiris European
rankings for its environmental, societal and#governance performance.

2!%/0"$7")%3/0(.1"7$."0(+!*C/4

After the “Coup de Coeur du Jury” award at the Foire de#Paris in April
2019, the success of Steam’up continues. This Made in France steam
cooker retains the $avors and nutrients of the ingredients with its
breakthrough, patented inverted steam cooking technology.

In late July, Steam’up received the 2019 JANUS de |’Industrie for
its integrated design. This label of excellence, recognized by design
professionals, award Companies and Communities that make a
permanent commitment to a progress approach in the service of the
“Person, Industry, and the City” and gives value to the brand-product
coupling with the media and consumers.

(9+"0/4$."0,9$$#0"4.$2+,("
)%" 9) Fo!" +, $&%):4+3

This year Groupe SEB was recognized by the Paris ile-de-France
chapter of the International Chamber of Commerce for its philanthropic
project for primary schools in China.

Since 2006, Supor has set up the “Supor Schools” program with the
goal of allowing disadvantaged children from remote areas in central-
eastern China to obtain a quality education. Supor thus ! nanced the
construction of 26 primary schools (four of which under construction),
as well as the related equipment, including libraries and cafeterias,
and the training of local teachers to provide schooling to nearly
20,000#children.

&.$/44"045".+,$&%):+3"7$.")(0"
SHH#IS$.10-+"8$.5"$%")%,#/0)-+"34.0)& %

Awarded for the third consecutive year by Cegos and the MINES
ParisTech school, the sustainable development - CSR awards
provide an opportunity to recognize outstanding companies that have
proven their commitment to social and environmental responsibility
through inspiring and value-adding projects. Our design teams,
which work with associations like Handicap International and APF
France Handicap to test products and make them accessible to the
wider public, were this year awarded the prize for their work on the
inclusiveness of our products. Aside from permanent disability, each
one of us, at some stage of our lives, can !nd our physical capabilities
limited: injury, illness, old age, etc. It is thus important that Group
products be designed so that everyone can use them, whatever their
personal needs as a result of age or physical condition.

&.$/44"045".+,4)-+0"(94"7!)# 1"
O!&!"4.):4+

During the 15'#edition of the BFM Awards, Groupe SEB received the
family sage prize.

This ceremony recognizes, in 10#categories, those who work every
day to develop the attractiveness of France.

When accepting the award, Thierry de#La#Tour d’Artaise, the current
Chairman and CEO of the Group and Jacques Gairard, Group
Chairman and CEO from 1990 to 2000, talked about the history of
the enterprise, its strategy of growth and long-term innovation as well
as its longstanding values.

&.$/4+"045"$% 4'&!)%"+!.%0"
(9+"D91441"(.!)%++0E"#!5+#

On 9#October, Groupe SEB earned the “Happy Trainees” label for the
6'"#consecutive year in a row

The “Happy Trainees” label is recognition for the Group’s commitment
to welcome and train interns and work-study trainees.

Over 8 out of 10 judged their experience with the Group to be an
important step in their career, and highlighted the trust they were given,
the learning, and the solid progress that resulted.

The Young Talents policy remains a priority for the Group, which
intends to consolidate its image with students and develop its pool
of young talented employees.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Commentary on the financial year
E427 &*/,5(+8()+&$+1%8/*’ (S/1'$

4.2. Commentary on consolidated sales

'B+())#" $7" +-+%/4"5 1" +&)$%" "7H" 1+!."FGAH"

2 S/"&O*010

!"#"$%"&’in | million) (+ 23&4"564"8 9:;"<=64<>:"&?
EMEA 3,223 3,339 +3.6% +3.3%
Western Europe 2,430 2,442 +0.5% +0.3%
Other countries 793 897 +13.1% +12.4%
AMERICAS 887 915 +3.2% +2.1%
North America 547 589 +7.8% +2.9%
South America 340 326 -4.3% +0.7%
ASIA 2,067 2,301 +11.3% +9.4%
China 1,554 1,762 +13.3% +12.2%
Other countries 513 539 +5.1% +1.2%
TOTAL CONSUMER 6,177 6,555 +6.1% +5.2%
Professional business 635 799 +25.9% 412.1% 4 |
GROUPE SEB 6,812 7,354 +8.0% +5.8%

en

* Like-for-like: at constant exchange rates and scope.
Rounded "gures in # millions.
% calculated in non-rounded" —_gures.

34+(!)#"$7" +-4+%/4"'5 1" +&)$%"I"7$/.(9"</!.(+.

 S/"&()*O10*+

!"#"$%"" in ! million) y 23&4"564"8 9:"<=64<>:;"&?
EMEA 1,171 1,159 -1.0% -1.1%
Western Europe 894 856 -4.2% -4.8%
Other countries 277 303 +9.5% +10.7%
AMERICAS 314 285 -9.5% -9.8%
North America 190 190 -0.5% -3.8%
South America 124 95 -23.4% -19.0%
ASIA 523 586 +12.0% +9.9%
China 362 423 +16.8% +15.4%
Other countries 161 163 +1.1% -2.6%
TOTAL CONSUMER 2,008 2,030 +1.1% +0.4%
Professional Business 176 210 +18.8% +6.3%

GROUPE SEB 2,184 2,240 42.5% +0.9%

* Like-for-like: at constant exchange rates and scope.
Rounded "gures in # millions.
% calculated on non-rounded" —_gures.

Groupe SEB recorded sales of "7,354#million in 2019, up 8.0%, including organic growth of 5.8%, a currency effect of +1.0% (or +"71#million)
and a scope effect of +1.2% ("75#million), resecting the consolidation of Wilbur Curtis on 11#months and Krampouz on 3#months.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR’
Commentary on the financial year
E422 &*/,5(+8()+&$-+1%8/*’ 8(S/1'$

"#$%!"#E&’()*+(,-./0 0123456&73897&210:;<&=>&7@31;91&!"#-&A&!"#$

> &
rat § 1% 56728 0

96$#!
"#S%B() — HOR(1) 3(#40
Si 0220(,
* GHUDK
1O*+ " '# !$ 1%
& "#8?
( @ H#8%K OM — @ 1'H-&'S)4*  @] 145%’ +
This solid business momentum arises from: Fourth-quarter sales totaled "2,240#million, up 2.5%. Organic growth,
! consumer sales growing rmly, up 5.2% like-for-like, nurtured of +0.9%, vote eee “nen ane ror the ole. _
by all geographic areas and all product lines: recurring events") in Brazil over the last 3#months of 2018. Sales

momentum continued in Eurasia, in China (organic growth exceeding
15%) and in Professional Coffee. However, business at the end of

the year ! nally proved less !rm than anticipated in Western Europe,
This strong performance has been achieved in an overall complicated especially in Germany and France.
and volatile environment.

! professional activity which continued its fast development, up
12.1% like-for-like , despite demanding 2018#comparatives.

Representing the 6'"!consecutive year of organic growth above 5%
it reSects the relevance of the Group’s strategy.

(1) Recognition of tax receivables in revenue.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
PRODUCT SALES PERFORMANCES

Commentary on the financial year

E+??? &*/,5(4+&()+&$+1%8/* 8($/1'$

>?@<AB(6 @?>CD86,E63?>FG(D6!BA7

we!
&s!
ai!
&!
© | 38° 4) #&56
T&S
O"+&'S ny) SHR oO
i mas 1°$18? &2"}#
$i D&S

wd
a

3’):$44" )#&56

8)9$ ? oH)
wes: &4A6'$1)’2$0

eo @ |

8)9$
%)9:)'2

75$%2?"%o8&5 O)

%))*"#,
3’):$44" )#&56
"!

3456%2’1 ¥2%)(78,.9%"9%

Consumer sales amounted to "6,555#million, up 5.2% on a like-for-
like basis.

All product lines contributed to the growth.

Accounting for around 30% of Consumer revenue, cookware

encompasses several product categories, from pressure cookers
to thermal mugs, including frying pans and saucepans — made
from a range of materials, coated and non-coated, with fixed or
detachable handles, woks, food storage containers, kitchen utensils
or bakeware. The category is characterized by the solid resilience
of the core business, year after year, in response to equipment or
replacement needs, depending on the markets. The phasing of the
customer loyalty programs organized by retailers can, however, result
in a certain volatility — quarterly, half-yearly, even annually — in our
sales, particularly at the level of one country (Netherlands in 2019).

This was the case in 2019, when the Group recorded organic growth
in revenue with, however, a much more favorable sequencing in the
! rst half, driven by several large-scale loyalty programs greater than in
2018, than in the second half. The growth was supported by a number
of countries, beginning with China (strong performance of woks and
Supor sets, continued rapid growth in thermal mugs and $asks, as
well as storage containers). The activity was also trending very well in
France, Belgium, Central Europe and Russia, Turkey, Japan, United
States, Mexico, Colombia, and others where, despite a tougher
competitive and promotional environment, our Tefal/T-fal, Lagostina,
All-Clad and even Imusa brands continued to dominate as favorites.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR’

W"#$%&%"" ()* ot+,-.*/F$00 1+’ /-*2

In 2019, the Group recorded a solid performance in kitchen electrics
on the back of the three main categories that make up this business
segment.

In electrical cooking —_, with an already strong performance history
in 2018, the momentum of the business was con! rmed, supported
by a solid basic trend for homemade food. The big winners for 2019
included electric pressure cookers and multi-cookers (including the
Cookeo line), grills, including Optigrill, which continues its international
roll-out, as well as the Cake Factory cake appliance which, after a
successful digital launch in 2018, doubled its sales. With continued
growth in sales of rice cookers and the launch of innovative products
such as electric ovens, Supor contributed to the dynamic performance
of the category and continued to grow in its domestic market. On the
other hand, the business was more complicated in fryers, despite solid
progress in “oil-free” models in Latin America.

In the beverage preparation segment , sales improved. In non-
partnership coffee, all our categories contributed in the revenue
growth: continued growth in espresso machines, notably with double-
digit growth in automatic grinder models, a slight increase in !Iter
coffee makers, thanks to the success of new brunch lines and the
very strong reception for a traditional coffee machine in Turkey. For
single-serve machines, the growth in Dolce Gusto multi-beverage
machines did not offset the drop in our Nespresso sales, which were
negatively impacted by the takeover of marketing in the stores —- where
the marketing activity was intense on new products (Vertuo). In kettles,
Commentary on the financial year
E422? &*/,5(+8 (+ &$+1%8/* 8(S/1"S

the solid growth of the business was carried by China and Japan with
the launch of the “health tea pot”.

In food preparation, blenders are the flagship family, which in
2019#stamped its momentum on the sales of the entire category
worldwide, including in China, where multi-function premium
products (juicers, high-speed blenders etc.), are gradually replacing
traditional blenders and soy milk makers. Sales of mixers were down,
particularly in Brazil, where this market remained heavily promotional
and competitive. In cooking food processors, business slowed in
the second half under the effect of growing competitive pressure,
particularly in France, Spain and Italy. In contrast, sales of hand
blenders continued to rise, driven notably by the successful launch
of the Quickchef model in France and Germany.

Home and personal care is the category that recorded the strongest
growth rate, driven primarily by home maintenance and comfort.

In linen care _, sales rose slightly LFL, in a slowed global ironing market,
which re$ects both the new trends (more casual clothing) and changes
in textiles (wrinkle-free fabrics). While the downturn was marked for
irons, the business in steam generators demonstrated a certain
resiliency, and the new categories (handheld or standing garment
steamers, and combination appliances like#IXEO) saw accelerated
growth in their sales in a number of countries, with key strengthening
of the Group’s competitive positions around the world.

In a very heterogeneous home care market, in which the vacuum
cleaner segment fell against strong growth for versatile and robot
vacuums, the Group posted double-digit sales growth in 2019. This
performance is particularly remarkable because it is in line with
demanding historical data. It was carried by versatile vacuum cleaners,
sales of which double in 2019, primarily thanks to the Air Force
and#X-Pert, which continued to roll out internationally, particularly in
Europe (Western and Central). Moreover, sales of robot vacuums rose
sharply in Spain, but also in Eastern Europe (Russia) where they were
launched at the end of the year.

The home comfort business recorded double-digit growth LFL.
Fans remained the main driver of this growth: after an exceptional
performance in the second quarter, related primarily to the very
favorable weather in Europe (heat wave in June) and Brazil (hot
summer in 2019), growth in the segment continued over the second
half.

In the personal care segment, the business recorded solid organic
growth. While haircare appliances represent the majority of the
revenue of this segment, the increase in sales was generally driven
by the Steampod professional straightener, designed in partnership
with L’Oréal, which con!rmed its commercial success, particularly
in France and Spain. Performances in men’s care were also good,
carried by product innovations like Forever Sharp beard trimmer from
Rowenta.

With growth of 12.1% LFL, the Group’s professional business recorded
a new very dynamic year, despite a strong history (+14% in 2018).
It should be noted that, in addition to this robust organic growth,
the professional business in 2019 includes the contribution of Wilbur
Curtis ("71#million), an American company specializing in professional
! Iter coffee makers, which has been consolidated since 8#February
2019. Its consolidation results in a growth in reported sales of 25.9%
over the year.

In professional coffee machines (PCM), the year#2019 was marked
by a speci!c sequencing in the business, contrary to that of 2018.

In effect, and for information, in 2018#deliveries of major contracts
signed with fast-food chains, coffee shops and convenience stores in
the United States and Asia were concentrated in the second half. The
performance of these contracts continued through June#2019. As a
result, sales of WMF-Schaerer coffee machines were up signi! cantly
in the !rst half of 2019, on a standard 2018#basis, and grew more
moderately in the second half, compared with a strong 2018#history.
Despite the non-recurrence of these major deals, the fourth quarter
growth of +7.8% re$ects the growth of the core business over the
end of the year.

At the same time, the integration of Wilbur Curtis continued and
became an operational reality. Thus, 2019 was the year the Group
established an organization dedicated to the PCM business, Seb
Professional, in order to optimize its development strategy in the
North American market.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Commentary on the financial year

E+??? &*/,5(4+&()+&$+1%8/* 8($/1'$

GEOGRAPHICAL PERFORMANCE - CONSUMER BUSINESS

B.>"3&in ! million)

EMEA 3,223
Western Europe 2,430
Other countries 793

* — Like-for-like: at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation.
8+0(+.%" +/.$4+

The Group recorded in 2019 a slight increase in its revenue, stepping-
up sales growth in ecommerce, achieving good performances in its

Home & Cook retail network and developing WMF’s activity. However,
business at the end of the year trended materially down, with disparate
situations across countries.

In France, annual sales were stable following a fourth quarter
which proved more complicated than expected, despite low
2018#comparatives. In a tense market impacted by the December
strikes, business activity was negatively affected by orders or
restocking purchases that were postponed by some retailers. The
dif!culties were focused on SDA - despite the continued success

of versatile vacuum cleaners, automatic espresso coffee machines,

garment steamers, and Cake Factory — while our cookware sales
bene! tted from very solid momentum in the fourth quarter, nurtured

notably by a loyalty program.

$(9+."+*+4!"$/%(.)+0

Groupe SEB achieved a very good year in the region, with organic
sales growth of 12.4% (+10.7% in the fourth quarter), driven by almost
all countries. Capitalizing on the sharp ramp-up in demand, the Group
pursued its vigorous development policy, combining solid product
dynamic (new launches, extension of the range), strong partnerships
with large key accounts, increased presence in e-commerce as well as
the development of Group Retail and WMF. Our progress materialized
into further market share gains in Eurasia.

While all product lines contributed to business momentum, the main
growth drivers were innovations and $agship products, including
versatile vacuum cleaners (Air Force Flex) and robots, Optigrill,
automatic espresso coffee machines (including the Evidence model),
garment steamers and#IXEO range, and Ingenio cookware.

B.>"3&in | million) O*+
AMERICAS 887
North America 547
South America 340

* — Like-for-like: at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation.

%$.(9"1*+.),!

Rising 2019#sales were bolstered by an overall favorable monetary
environment for the three currencies in the region since the beginning
of the year. Following decline in fourth quarter sales (down 3.8% LFL),
yearly organic growth stands at 2.9% with contrasting situations
across the three countries of the area.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR’

- S/"&0*010*+&
@A&()*0&

23&4"5647"8& 9:3"<=64<>:3"& 2K 9:5 "$364 <> R28

3,339 +3.6% +3.3% -1.1%
2,442 +0.5% +0.3% -4.8%
897 +13.1% +12.4% +10.7%

In Germany, 2019#revenue was down, penalized by the adjustment
of Groupe SEB Deutschland’s business practices to the Group’s
principles. That said, in a tense market, business remained stable
thanks to cookware, Optigrill, Cook4me...

In other European countries, the three last months showed contrasted
performances: sharp drop in the Netherlands on high comparatives (LP
in 2018), despite the strong rise in revenue of vacuum cleaners and
automatic espresso machines; $at in Spain, notwithstanding buoyant
sales in coffee partnerships and personal care; growth in the United
Kingdom as well as in Italy, where the momentum was mainly fueled
by linen care and Optigrill. Robust growth in Belgium, thanks to a
loyalty program featuring Lagostina cookware.

Russia was the most powerful growth engine in the region, fueled by
all product categories, leading to strengthened leadership position
in small electrical appliances. Simultaneously, dynamic remained
outstanding in Central Europe, notably in Poland as well as in Ukraine,
where the Group became the leading player in SDA.

In Turkey, in what remains a highly volatile environment, we have
been maintaining overall our market positions, primarily by leveraging
our successes in cookware (Titanium, Ingenio). Nevertheless,
undemanding 2018#comparatives allowed us to post double-digit
organic growth in the fourth quarter.

Finally, in the Middle-East, the Group restored growth in Saudi-Arabia
after two very tough years and has made further inroads in Egypt.

oS"&O*O1O*+&

@A&()*0&
23&4"S647"8& —_9:3"<=64<>22"& 2K 9:5 "S=64<>R IG
+3.2% +2.1% -9.8%
589 +7.8% 42.9% -3.8%
326 -4.3% +0.7% -19.0%

In the United States, in a still tough retail environment, business has
been almost $at over the year, while down in the fourth quarter, like-
for-like. The upswing in revenue in linen care was mainly driven by the
enlarged distribution of Rowenta products, initiated in the third quarter.
Commentary on the financial year
E422 &*1,5(+&()+&$+1%8/*" 8(S/1'S

Yet it failed to offset the drop in cookware sales at year-end. However,
over the year, in a dif!cult market, the Group posted satisfactory
performances, strengthening its competitive positions in both
cookware and linen care. Mention should be made that the signing of
an initial trade agreement with China has partly alleviated the increases
in customs tariffs implemented since September for cookware and
small electrical appliances.

O$/(9"l*+.),!

As a reminder, the presentation of changes in sales in the region is
impacted by the recognition of tax receivables in Brazil, amounting to

"32#million in fourth-quarter#2018 and "8#million in third-quarter#2019.

Excluding these non-recurring items, organic sales growth in South
America would come out at 8.7% in the fourth quarter and 8.3% for
the full-year. On a reported basis, sales in the area remain negatively
impacted by the continued depreciation of the Brazilian real and the
Colombian and Argentinian pesos.

B.>"3&in ! million)

ASIA 2,067
China 1,554
Other countries 513

*  Like-forlike: at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation.

,9)%!

2019 was characterized by a more moderate Chinese economic
growth and the trade war with the United States. In a context of
slower consumption, Supor maintained solid sales momentum against
demanding comparatives: on a like-for-like basis, sales rose 12.2% in
full-year#2019 and 15.4% in the fourth quarter. Last quarter's dynamic
can be attributed to sustained core business and sell-in ahead of the
Chinese New Year (25#January 2020). It helped Supor to continue to
outperform the market and reinforce its competitive positions across
the vast majority of product lines.

This was the case in cookware and kitchen accessories, where growth
remained !rm, primarily driven by woks (new models) saucepans

$(9+."10)!%",$/%(.)+0

In Asia excluding China, full-year revenue was slightly up like-for-like,
yet following a decline in sales in the fourth quarter (down 2.6%,
organically).

The Group posted a good year in Japan, with sales in yen progressing
solidly. However, as expected, business activity in the fourth quarter
slowed due to advance purchases prior to the increase in VAT on
October 1. Excluding this effect, performance continued to be driven
by flagship products (including cookware, kettles, and garment
steamers) and by the continued development of the proprietary store
network. At end-2019, following the opening of two new TFal stores,
the Group had a total of 39#stores in the country.

In Canada, as in the United States, the retail and consumption context
remained tense throughout the year. Nevertheless, sales have been
bolstered by the continuation of a speci! c deal initiated in the third
quarter.

In Mexico, the Group posted record sales in the fourth quarter,
nurtured by the core business as well as a loyalty program (cookware
and utensils) with one of our key accounts.

In Brazil, excluding the above-mentioned positive effect, the Group
achieved organic growth of almost 5% in the fourth quarter and over
10% year-on-year. Over the three last months, business dynamic was
driven by cookware (with a good performance for pressure cookers in
particular), and by some electrical appliance families, including oil-less
fryers, grills, Dolce Gusto, washing machines, and fans.

In Colombia, the Group ended the year with solid momentum, fueled
notably by cookware — thanks to strong marketing activation in points
of sales — , fans and the continued roll-out of oil-less fryers.

2 S/"&O*010*+&

@A&()*0&
Q384"5647"8& 9:3" <=64<>:2"& 2K 9:5 "S=645 >" IK
2,301 +11.3% +9.4% +9.9%
1,762 413.3% 412.2% 415.4%
539 45.1% 41.2% -2.6%o

and isothermal mugs (further range extension and enlarged product
offering to attract new consumer targets).

This was also the case in small electrical appliances, where Supor
continued to gain market shares overall. The acceleration in growth in
the fourth quarter was fueled by electrical cooking, with rice cookers,
high-speed blenders, health pot kettles, grills, and baking pans
proving particularly buoyant. In new product categories, ongoing brisk
momentum stemmed mainly from garment steamers, vacuum cleaners
and air puri!ers. In large kitchen appliances, vigorous business activity
was underpinned by very rapid revenue development in water puri! ers.

In South Korea, revenue decreased in 2019 owing to a tough consumer
environment, marked by the trade dispute with Japan. The Group
nevertheless succeeded in stabilizing sales in the fourth quarter on
the back of ! rm business in cookware, vacuum cleaners, and garment
steamers, mainly via e-commerce.

In the other Asian countries, the situation was contrasted: restored
growth in Australia was con!rmed, although business was heavily
penalized by fires in December; ongoing buoyant momentum in
Thailand; stepped-up development in Malaysia; mixed performances
in Singapore and Hong Kong, and marked sales decrease in Vietnam...

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Commentary on the financial year

E+??? &*/,5(+8(#4 ()+8$41%8/ 8(, SHL*S

4.3. Commentary on the consolidated results

INCOME STATEMENT

$44.1) %&".+0/#("7.$*"1,0-)(1"2$.7!1@

The Group posted Operating Result from Activity (ORfA) totaling
"740! million in 2019. In ve years, the Group has doubled its
reported ORfA. With growth of 6.5% compared with 2018#ORKfA, it
includes a slightly negative currency effect (-"5#million vs. -"45#million
in 2018), a scope effect (Wilbur Curtis and Krampouz, +"9#million) and
a method effect (IFRS#16, +"9#million).

The organic growth in 2019 Operating Result from Activity stands at
4.7% and can be explained as follows:

! a volume effect of +"141!million , re$ecting favorable business
trends, both in Consumer and Professional activity;

a+"8!million price-mix effect, which factors in continued upselling
driven by new products, lower price increases due to moderate
currency effects and higher promotional pressure;

a limited increase (+"5!million) in the cost of sales thanks to reduced
raw material costs in 2019 and continued productivity gains;

a+"37!million increase in investments in growth drivers (innovation,
operational marketing and advertising), representing 10% of
revenue;

a controlled increase in sales, marketing and administrative
expenses: "31!million , in line with revenue growth of the business
and mainly re$ecting investments in Group’s retail network as well
as in salesforce for Professional Coffee.

Furthermore, ORfA 2018-2019 bridge, as well as sales bridge, has
been adversely impacted by two speci!c events: (i)#a -"20#million
impact stemming from Groupe SEB Deutschland (related to trade
conditions that derogated from the Group’s principles) and (ii)#a
-"24#million impact linked to PIS-COFINS in Brazil (recognition of
a tax receivable on previous !scal years for "32#million in 2018 and
"8#million in 2019).

BALANCE SHEET

At December 31, 2019, consolidated equity totaled "2,628! million ,
up "321#million on end-2018.

At end-2019, net debt amounted to "1,997!million, from "1,578#million
a year earlier, increasing by "419#million, primarily due to the IFRS#16
impact, for "334#million. Excluding this impact, the increase in debt
of around "85#million is attributable to acquisitions made in the
! nancial year (Wilbur Curtis and Krampouz) and a dividend payout of
"137#million. Free cash $ow remained robust, ending at "367#million in
2019, including in particular an increase in Capex as well as ! nancial
and tax expenses during the ! nancial year. At end-2019, the working
capital requirement (WCR) stood at "1,215#million, representing 16.5%

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR’

$4-+.1()%&"4.$7)("!%3" SoH("4.$7)(

Groupe SEB reported Operating pro! t of "621!million in 2019, versus
"625#million in 2018. The total includes a discretionary and statutory
pro! t-sharing expense of "35!million , versus "34#million in 2018, and
the Group’s contribution to the 2019 employee share ownership plan
for "2#million. It also comprises other operating income and expense
of -"82!million (-"36#million in 2018) including notably:

restructuring provisions in WMF’s Consumer business, for
approximately "40#million, covering mainly industrial asset
impairments (closure of cookware site in Geislingen) and estimated
labor costs (voluntary redundancy plans);

accounting adjustments related to business practices at Groupe
SEB Deutschland that derogated from the Group’s principles.
Amounting to nearly "20#million, these adjustments refer to 2018
! nancial year.

Net financial expense came out at -"61! million in 2019 (versus
-"32#million in 2018), including recognition of an IFRS#16-related
expense for "15m. As a reminder, in 2018, net ! nancial expense also
included a "13#million income related to the fair value adjustment of
the optional part of the ORNAE bond (neutral effect in 2019) and the
recognition of positive interest income on the tax receivable in Brazil
for "21#million ("3#million this year).

Pro!t attributable to owners of the parent ended at "380! million,
versus "419#million in 2018, factoring in a higher level of non-
recurring expenses. This comes after a tax charge of "131#million,
corresponding to an effective tax rate for the 2019 ! nancial year of
23.5%, and after minority interests of "49#million ("43#million in 2018)
for which the increase re$ects Supor’s performances in China.

of sales, in line with the solid performance delivered in 2018. Despite
frequently tougher market conditions, the Group has continued its
efforts to best manage inventories and trade receivables.

The Group’s year-end debt to equity ratio was 76% (63% excl.
IFRS#16) compared against 68% at end-2018 and the net debt/
adjusted EBITDA ratio came out at 2.1x, including an impact of the
IFRS#16 implementation in 2019 of 0.2#x. Excluding IFRS#16 impact
and acquisitions, the ratio at December 31, 2019, would stand at 1.6x.
Commentary on the financial year
E42? &*/,5(+&(NOD=-=P$(,’S#1*$

CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

Capital expenditures amounted to "266 million, compared with "213
million in 2018; they were, as announced, higher than in previous
years, representing approximately 3.6% of consolidated revenue.

Investments in 2019 were primarily for projects in France (transfer
of the St-Jean-de-Bournay plastics plant to the Pont-Evéque site,
construction of the Research center on the SEB CAMPUS), and in
China (expansion of the Shaoxing site - Small appliances - construction
of production sites for the LKA* business - near the Shaoxing site - and
for WMF - in Yuhuan).

As in previous years, molds and tooling for new products, production
equipment (e.g. injection molding machines, new assembly lines) and
the renovation of certain buildings represented substantial investments
for the Group. This is in addition to expenditures on production-
related computer software, capitalized development costs and the
refurbishing of the Group’s proprietary stores.

4.4. Commentary on SEB §.A.'s results

PRESENTATION OF SEB S.A.’S RESULTS

SEB#S.A., the parent company of Groupe SEB, is a holding company.
It therefore de!nes and implements the Group’s development strategy.

It holds financial interests that give it direct and indirect control
over Group companies. SEB#S.A. also manages the Group’s cash,
implements the ! nancing policy and centralizes the management of
the market risks to which the subsidiaries and the Group are exposed.

The financial statements of SEB#S.A. at 31#December 2019 are
characterized by the following amounts and transactions:

Operating income and expenses resulted in expense of "19.8#million
in 2019, compared with an expense of "18.8#million in 2018.

Net ! nancial income was stable at "102.2#million in 2019, compared
with "101.2#million in 2018. This net ! nancial income mainly comprises:

dividends received in the amount of "122.5#million, which decreased
over the year, versus "148.9#million in 2018;

unfavorable currency effects in 2019 of "25.0#million, compared
with a loss of "22.8#million in 2018;

and allocations to provisions, net of impairment of equity
investments, of "15.8#million, including "21.6#million for the period,
compared with "36.2#million in 2018.

* — Large kitchen appliance

Pro! t from ordinary activities before tax was "82.4#million in 2019,
versus "82.5#million in 2018. An extraordinary net gain of "19.1#million
was recorded, versus an expense of "12.8#million in 2018.

As SEB#S.A. is the lead company of the tax consolidation group, it
posted a tax income of "29.2#million in 2019 (compared to "29.9#million
in 2018), corresponding primarily to the tax savings related to the
deduction of the losses of the loss-making subsidiaries from the total
group’s tax result of "18.5#million in 2019.

SEB#S.A.’s net pro!t for 2019 was "130.4#million, compared with
"99.6#million for !scal 2018.

At 31#December 2019, total assets amounted to "4,720.8#million,
compared with "4,680.4#million at the end of 2018, representing an
increase of "40.3#million.

Non-current assets amounted to "4,420.0#million, up '"115.1#million
over 31#December 2018. They were primarily composed of equity
investments for a net amount of "1,587.8#million, compared with
"1,609.0#million in 2018, and long- and medium-term loans granted
for "2,829.1#million, versus "2,693.4#million in 2018.

In terms of liabilities, the company’s equity stood at "1,255.7#million at
31#December 2019, compared with "1,220.2#million in 2018. SEB#S.A.’s
total borrowings and !nancial debt amounted to "3,207.8#million at
31#December 2019, compared with "3,193.2#million in 2018.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
Commentary on the financial year
E42? &*/,5(+&(NOD=-=PS(,’ S#1*$

ACQUISITIONS OF EQUITY INVESTMENTS

SEB#S.A. acquired control of Krampouz through its subsidiary SEB Internationale.

DIVIDENDS PAID OUT IN THE LAST THREE FISCAL YEARS

C:#:8"'$83 B-.4"&54"D:%D
2017 85,347,160 3,236,360
2018 99,677,218 3,727,112
2019 106,554,007 4,072.106
BREAKDOWN OF TRADE PAYABLES BY DUE DATE
247:E>'CFAA*GF<*H&GSH6:E"34e4"E" #88. $88S67&3"TT>"B&.TRT-"@E>63:S/88.7 & 4 |
6=&7-"&3E.> &I" AR5"4:688 7-78 A" &$&.44" 43

)&8.B
S8ET:H#'IK — *&76&K)&8.B& K*&76KL)&8.B8& L*&76&0)&8.138& 0&8, B&64&D64"& M67. &’*&8.1864&D64'

(A) Late payment tranches

Number of invoices concerned 26
Total amount of invoices

concerned#incl.#VAT (0.1) - (0.1)
Percentage of total amount of purchases

incl. VAT for the year 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%

(B) Invoices excluded from (A) relating to
debts and receivables that are disputed
or not reported

Number of invoices excluded 17
Total amount of invoices excluded 0

(C) Payment deadlines for references
used (contractual or statutory deadline
— Article L. 441-6 or Article L. 443-1
of!the!French commercial code)

Payment deadlines used to calculate Legal deadlines: for French suppliers, payment deadlines range from 15#days to 60#days;
late#payments for foreign suppliers, payment deadlines are scheduled from 30 to 60#days.

Contractual deadlines: The payment deadlines comply with the legal deadlines.

SUMPTUARY EXPENSES AND NON-TAX DEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES

Pursuant to the provisions of Article#223 quater of the French Tax depreciation of passenger vehicles. This expense is not deductible
Code, it is speci!ed that the !nancial statements for the previous ! scal from the tax result under Article#39-4 of the French General Tax Code.
year contain sumptuary expenses of "17,702.35 corresponding to the

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPOR’
Commentary on the financial year
6#* 144+:

4.5. Outlook

(Elements subsequent to the February 25, 2020 board of directors’ meeting)

2020 opens with a context of unprecedented uncertainties due to
the spread of the Covid-19 epidemic throughout the world and in
particular in the main markets of the Group.

The epidemic has spread rapidly to the Group’s main markets in the
last few weeks. The situation has deteriorated sharply in Western
Europe and, more recently, in the Americas. At this stage, Central
Europe, Russia and Turkey have been less affected. The extension of
containment measures and the closing of most physical stores were
re$ ected in a downturn in non-food consumption and a substantial
contraction in the Group’s Consumer business in March in the
impacted regions. While more resilient, online sales have failed to
offset this drop.

In Asia excluding China, situations vary from one country to the other,
but are overall better oriented with a gradual emergence from the crisis
in South Korea as well as a pick-up in demand whereas consumption
in Japan has been relatively ! rm despite store closure measures.

Simultaneously, China seems to start getting out of the crisis.
Following a c.3-week shutdown, manufacturing restarted and our
plants are back to full-capacity output, excluding the Wuhan site
which has restarted and for which a return to normal production level
is expected in April. As regards demand, the Chinese end-market
shows signs of progressive improvement, primarily stemming from
e-commerce, while the traf! c in stores remains modest at date.

The Professional business is also impacted, owing to the closing of
numerous restaurant chains, leading to the discontinuation of some
deliveries and the postponement of some contracts.

Against this critical backdrop, the trajectory of organic sales growth
and of increase in Operating Result from Activity excluding COVID-19
mentioned earlier is no longer relevant. Given the scale and complexity
of this unprecedented health crisis and considerable uncertainty
over the crisis exit, the Group is unable as yet to precisely quantify
the impacts for the full year, but revenue and Operating Result from
Activity will be signi! cantly down in 2020.

4.6. Post-balance sheet

WHS BV (BN) 4*&$* &- 1%, 0) 1 2G8e1K1)"*(-&,). 1&3

The Turkish Competition Authority opened an inquiry on 7 January
2020 at the headquarters of GS Istanbul, of one distributor, in several
stores, of a wholesaler and of one competitor. This inquiry is looking
into facts relating to three practices (resale prices imposed, refusal of
sale, prohibited use of con! dential information).

In the shorter term, the Group estimates that the loss in sales
(Consumer and Professional) should amount to around "270m in the
!rst quarter, including:

"180m, resulting mainly from China (including the highly negative
impact of COVID-19 and demanding comparatives from the
Chinese New Year in early 2019), considerably lower than the
estimate announced at end-February ("250m);

"90m owing mainly to Europe and the Americas, particularly in
March.

Given the current spread of the epidemic, the Group is expecting a
substantially larger loss in revenue in the second quarter.

The Group is adapting to the situation and short-term imperatives by
implementing cost savings measures, adjusting its capital expenditure
and strictly controlling its cash flow, notably its working capital
requirement. The ! nancing structure is healthy and well-balanced in
terms of instruments and maturities and free of ! nancial covenants.
Moreover, the Group has a syndicated credit facility amounting to
"960m which is undrawn at date.

For the sake of solidarity and responsibility towards all stakeholders,
and to preserve the Group’s resources, the Board of Directors decided
today to reduce by a third versus dividend paid in 2019 the amount
of the dividend to be paid to shareholders in 2020 in respect of ! scal
year 2019. As such, the dividend which will be proposed at the Annual
General Meeting of May 19 will be "1.43 per share.

Corporate executive of! cers will reduce their compensation paid in
2020 according to the recommendation issued by AFEP* on March
29, 2020 (25% reduction, pro rata to the duration of applied short-
time working measures) and the Board of directors decided to reduce
director fees to be paid in 2020 in the same proportion.

events

The notification of complaints should be received by the end of
February 2020. The maximum risk is a !ne ranging from 5 thousandths
to 3 percent of the revenues of Groupe SEB Istanbul for the year
2019. Given the uncertain outcome of the proceedings, no provision
was funded in the ! nancial statements at 31 December 2019. On 25
February 2020, the date the Board of Directors closed the accounts,
no other signi!cant event had occurred.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2019
