

--- Page 1 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

67 Basis of the Commerzbank Group
eport

formance
opportunities report

Basis of the Commerzbank Group

Structure and organisation

Commerzbank is one of Germany’s leading banks for private and
corporate customers and an internationally active commercial
bank. Domestically, it currently has still one of the densest branch
networks of any private-sector bank in Germany, with
approximately 1,000 branches, serving a total of around 16.9
million private and small-business customers and over 70,000
corporate clients including multinational groups, financial service
providers and institutional clients worldwide.

As part of its strategy, Commerzbank is focusing its business
activities on the two segments Private and Small-Business
Customers and Corporate Clients, offering a comprehensive
portfolio of banking and capital
Asset & Capital Recovery segment was dissolved on 1 July 2019
following the successful winding down of assets over the last few
years, with the remaining portfolios transferred to Others and

Consolidation and to the Private and Small-Business Customers

market services. The

segment. Each segment is managed by a member of the Board of
Managing Directors. All staff and management functions are
contained in Group Management: Group Audit,
Communications, Group Compliance, Group Finance, Group
Human Resources, Group Investor Relations, Group Legal, Group

Group

Tax, Group ‘Treasury, Group Customer Process & Data
Management, Big Data & Advanced Analytics and the central risk
functions. The support functions are provided by Group Services.
These include Group Digital Transformation & Strategy, Group
Banking & Market Operations, Group Technology Foundation,
Group Operations Credit, Group Organisation& Security and
Group Delivery Centre. The staff, management and support
functions are combined in the Others and Consolidation division
for reporting purposes.

On the domestic market, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is
headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, from where it manages a
nationwide branch network through which all customer groups are
served. Its major German subsidiaries are comdirect bank AG and
Commerz Real AG. Outside of Germany, the Bank has 6 material
subsidiaries, 20 operational foreign

representative offices in just under 50 countries and is represented

branches and 30

in all major financial centres, such as London, New York, Tokyo,
Hong Kong and Singapore. However, the focus of the Bank’s
international activities is on Europe.

Commerzbank prepares Group financial statements which, in
addition to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as operating lead
company, incorporate all material subsidiaries over which the
Bank exercises control. The financial year is the calendar year.

Objectives and strategy

Commerzbank considers itself to be a fair and competent bank
that wants to be a long-term, reliable partner for its customers. We
base our actions on the highest ethical values, integrity and
fairness and are committed to complying with all applicable laws,
guidelines and market standards. For us, this is the basis on which
we work in a relationship of trust with our private and business
customers, institutional clients, partners and stakeholders. “The
bank at your side” - everything we do is measured against this
promise: in our advisory services, in our offerings and in the way
we conduct ourselves.

In recent years we have focused on the right issues. We have
aligned the bank with its customers and completely restructured it.
In both market segments we have gained many new customers.
We have laid important foundations in the area of digitalisation,
and with Campus 2.0 we have built an agile delivery organisation.
Commerzbank has achieved a lot since 2016. It is essential,
however, that we respond continuously to the changing framework
conditions. Our customers’ wishes regarding our digital and
mobile offerings and personal advisory services are evolving very
rapidly. The low interest rates and subdued economic expectations
are also exacerbating the situation, not just for us but for the
entire sector.

Against this background, our goal is clear: we want to carry on
actively and confidently shaping our future. Under the new
“Commerzbank 5.0” strategy, the Bank will invest in technological
innovation and its core business with the aim of accelerating
digitalisation, creating growth and increasing efficiency.

Here are the key elements:

In the
Commerzbank will focus above all

Private and Small-Business Customers segment,
on the rapid expansion of
mobile banking, although the branch network will remain a key
pillar of its customer offering. The Bank expects to realise
additional earnings potential from the enhanced use of data, which
will enable the provision of individually tailored products and
services. Commerzbank is also planning to introduce a more
differentiated pricing strategy. The planned integration of
comdirect will allow the Bank to bundle its digital expertise.

In the Corporate Clients segment, the Bank will strengthen its
market presence, particularly in the Mittelstand di
further digitalisation and a more efficient platform should open up
greater scope for sales. This is to be reinforced by the addition of
sales staff in Germany, enabling the Bank to serve customers even
more intensively in the future. The focus will be on better

exploiting the potential of existing customer relationships and on

ion, where

improving capital efficiency.

67

Group Management Report


--- Page 2 ---

Group Management Report

68

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

The strategic programme will see the Bank invest a total of
around €1.6bn in digitalisation and greater cost efficiency. This
will include additional investments of €750m in digitalisation, IT
infrastructure and growth. The remaining €850m will consist of
restructuring costs related to the planned reduction in full-time
positions (4,300 gross, 2,300 net) and the announced changes to
the branch network. Commerzbank is aiming to reduce costs by
around €600m by 2023 compared with the current year.
Investments in the ongoing modernisation of the Group-wide IT
infrastructure are geared towards reducing the Bank’s IT costs to
€1bn. Costs are also to be further reduced in the central divisions
and segments.

The Bank aims to use the planned sale of the majority stake in
mBank S.A. in Poland to generate the financial resources needed
to accelerate implementation of the strategy and the related
investments. The mBank sale will only take place if the offer price
and transaction structure are right.

Private and Small-Business Customers:
expansion of mobile banking combined with a
continued strong branch presence

In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment, the Bank is
systematically expanding mobile banking under a mobile first
strategy. Of the 1.7 million customer contacts occurring each day,
1.2 million already happen through mobile and online channels.
With use of expected to
Commerzbank wants to obtain significantly more data points in
the future and thus tap further business potential. The use of

the mobile channel increase,

algorithms will help the Bank design products and services
tailored precisely to customers’ individual needs. The more
intensive use of algorithms and data should also boost the
efficiency of new customer acquisition.

Having significantly expanded its customer base over the past
few years, Commerzbank is targeting measured growth in the
Private and Small-Business Customers segment. In recent years,
Commerzbank increased its active customer base by a net
1.3 million customers. The Bank is now aiming to win a net total of
more than 1 million new customers in Germany by the end of
2023. Following the sale of ebase with its 1 million customers and
the closure of a further 1 million largely inactive customer
accounts, the Bank is set to continue its growth on an active
customer base of 11.3 million.

Commerzbank is also aiming to systematically tap additional
earnings potential The Bank is
introducing a new pricing strategy that gives customers more
choice in the range of services and prices offered. The basic

with existing customers.

offering will be supplemented by modular offerings. In future,
under a fair use policy, inactivity will also be considered in the
pricing models for otherwise free basic products.

Commerzbank will retain a nationwide presence in Germany in
future with around 800 branches. The Bank is responding to
changing customer needs by gradually closing around 200
branches and implementing the appropriate mix of branch
formats. As customers will be making even greater use of digital
channels in the future, the Bank is adapting its branch network in
line with the expected changes in branch utilisation. The Bank's
real estate expertise will in future be bundled in 50 new regional
real estate centres.

Bundling of digital expertise through planned
integration of comdirect

The planned integration of comdirect into Commerzbank is also
intended to strengthen business with Private and Small-Business
Customers. Since it was founded in 1994, comdirect has set
benchmarks in online banking with innovative products, services
and advice. Commerzbank wants to make this acknowledged
expertise available to all customers in future and therefore intends
to directly leverage comdirect’s high level of digital expertise for
the entire Group. comdirect will become part of a strong,
bank,
economies of scale and growth opportunities within the Group.

innovative multi-channel while also benefiting from

Customers of comdirect will keep the service offerings they are
used to, while also benefiting from Commerzbank’s branch
presence. In return, Commerzbank customers will gain access to
comdirect’s outstanding brokerage offering, which will be
continued under the same product brand.

Corporate Clients: strengthening sales and
increasing efficiency

In the Corporate Clients segment, Commerzbank is systematically
expanding its market position. Maintaining a balance between
additional business, risk appetite and capital efficiency is a clear
priority. The Bank is also focusing on increasing its sales and
platform efficiency.


--- Page 3 ---

ur Sharehi

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

67 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

In corporate customer business, Commerzbank wants to make

better use of the potential offered by existing customer
relationships while continuing to acquire new customers. It is
therefore strengthening its sales organisation, with additional
sales staff in Germany. Sales activities are also to be expanded in
selected European markets. Further digitalisation and the efforts
to improve platform efficiency will also open up greater scope for
sales. In conjunction with the increase in personnel, this will allow
even more intensive customer relationship management.
Commerzbank is also expanding its proven sector approach. In
future, more than 500 corporate clients in Germany and selected
eurozone countries will be managed under this approach,
compared with only around 100 clients today. The experience
gained since the approach was launched in 2016 shows that
infusing comprehensive sector expertise

into customer

relationship management make

relationships more profitable.

helps existing customer

The efficiency of the corporate customer platforms is also
being improved. The Bank is aiming to consolidate platforms. In
future, as many international transactions as possible are to be
processed on the German IT platform. Greater platform utilisation
is also anticipated as a result of new business. All in all, further
growth in corporate banking business will be dependent on capital
efficiency and cost discipline that allows the return on capital
employed to be increased. The Bank is also supporting this growth

trajectory by further strengthening its credit risk expertise.

Social responsibility to be anchored even more
firmly in the business model in future

Commerzbank’s economic success is and always will be founded
on the social acceptance of its day-to-day business dealings. As a
responsible bank, Commerzbank has long held a clear position on
controversial issues such as weapons, environmentally harmful
energy sources and speculative trading in basic foodstuffs.
Responsible action includes careful and conscientious handling of
customer data and high data security.

The Bank will adopt an even more ambitious approach to
sustainability and environmental issues in future, and will work
even more proactively to achieve the Paris climate targets.
Commerzbank’s operations are already _climate-neutral.
Commerzbank recently also became one of the world’s first
signatories to the UN Principles for Responsible Banking. This
rigorous approach will also generate business opportunities.
Commerzbank will also help its customers achieve enhanced
sustainability in future with a greener product range. For instance,
private customers are now able to take out green mortgage loans.
In corporate customer business, Commerzbank will align its loan

portfolio more closely with sustainability criteria.

eport

formance

Release of equity through planned sale of
mBank

As part of its strategy, Commerzbank is planning to sell its
majority stake in mBank S.A. (“mBank”) in Poland in order to
realise its high value. The purpose of the sale is to generate the
financial resources needed to accelerate implementation of the
strategy and the associated investments. The sale would lead to a
significant reduction in risk-weighted assets and the release of
equity capital at Commerzbank. The mBank sale will only take
place if the offer price and transaction structure are right.

Full details of the “Commerzbank 5.0” strategy can be found on
the Commerzbank website at https://www.commerzbank.com.

c

Corporate management in the Commerzbank Group is based on a
value-oriented steering concept. This concept is focused on
ensuring that the risks entered into by the business units are in
line with the external and internal guidelines on risk-bearing
capacity and on striving to achieve an appropriate return over the
long term on the capital employed. In this respect, the Bank
regularly monitors the allocation of scarce resources to business
units and actively adapts its business strategy to changing market
circumstances in order to boost the enterprise value over the long
term.

The annual planning process is a key corporate management
tool. In this process, the Board of Managing Directors sets targets
for the business units based on the business strategy. Existing
resources such as capital and risk limits are allocated to the
segments in a way that reflects the targets and risk profiles. The
segments put the plan into operation based on the business
strategy and the results of the planning process. The Board of
Managing Directors carries out regular checks to ensure that
business planning is being followed. This ensures that any
deviations are identified at an early stage through monthly
management reporting and corrective measures are taken.

In order to manage the Group and its segments, the Bank uses
the standard indicators described below, which cover all the
essential dimensions of Group management. Their development is
monitored as part of regular management reporting.

The management of the Bank takes account of both pillars of
capital adequacy requirements. To ensure internal risk-bearing
capacity at all times, planning includes allocating economic capital
to the segments broken down by type of risk.

69

Group Management Report


--- Page 4 ---

Group Management Report

70

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

The average capital employed in the segments is calculated
based on the average segmented risk-weighted assets. At Group
level, Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) is shown. The reconciliation
of average capital employed in the segments to the Group’s CET1
capital is carried out in Others and Consolidation. The Common
Equity Tier 1 ratio is a key indicator for the Bank in capital
management.

The key figures used for measuring success in the corporate
management process are operating profit/loss and group
profit/loss after tax and non-controlling interests, along with the
cost/income and return on equity ratios and the economic value
added calculated from these ratios. The cost/income ratio is used
to assess cost efficiency and is defined as the ratio of operating
expenses (excluding impairments of goodwill and restructuring
expenses) to income before the risk result. The cost/income ratio
is calculated in two variants: with and without the inclusion of
compulsory contributions in the item “expenses”. Segment return
on equity is calculated as the ratio of operating profit/loss or pre-
tax profit/loss to the average amount of regulatory capital
employed. It shows the return on the equity invested in a given
business segment. As is standard for value-based management
concepts, the target minimum return on capital employed is
derived from the expected return on the capital market. Here the
focus at Group level is on the return on tangible equity.

Economic value added is the indicator used for determining the
performance of the Group. It is defined as the difference between
the Group’s return on equity and the capital cost rate, multiplied
by the Group’s equity. The Group’s return on equity is the ratio of
the consolidated profit after tax and non-controlling interests to
the average CET1 capital of the Group. The calculation of the
capital cost rate is based on the capital market-oriented Capital
Asset Pricing Model (CAPM) and is subject to an annual review.

As Group figures, the controlling data listed above form part of
a system of other segment-specific data that vary from segment to
segment depending on the business strategy.

Remuneration report

The remuneration report is part of the corporate governance
report in the “Corporate responsibility” section. It forms part of
the Group Management Report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of
the German Commercial Code

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code
(HGB) can be found in the section on corporate responsibility.
They form part of the Group Management Report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315a (1) of
the German Commercial Code
(HGB) and explanatory report

Details pursuant to Art. 315a (1) of the German Commercial Code
(HGB) and explanatory report can be found in the section on
corporate responsibility. They form part of the Group Management
Report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315d of the

German Commercial Code (HGB)

Details pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with Art. 289f of the
German Commercial Code (HGB), “Declaration on corporate
governance”, can be found in the corporate governance report.
They form part of the Group Management Report. The corporate
governance report can be found at www.commerzbank.com/
annualreport2019.

Details pursuant to Art. 340i (5) in
conjunction with Art. 315b (3) of the

German Commercial Code (HGB)

Details pursuant to Art. 340i (5) in conjunction with Art. 315b (3)
of the German Commercial Code (HGB) can be found in the
section on corporate responsibility as a combined separate non-
financial report and online at: www.commerzbank.com/NFR2019.


--- Page 5 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report Risk Report

Financial Statements Further Information

67 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

Important business policy and
staffing events

At the end of September,

Commerzbank presented the
cornerstones of its new “Commerzbank 5.0” strategic programme.

Under the new strategy, the Bank will invest in technological
innovation and its core business with the aim of accelerating
digitalisation, creating growth and increasing efficiency. The stake
in comdirect was consequently increased to more than 90%.
Further information on this can be found in “Objectives and

strategy”

on page 67 ff. At the beginning of the reporting year,
Commerzbank and Deutsche Bank held talks to clarify whether a
merger between the two banks would generate the synergies and
size needed to make significant increases in returns likely. The
result of the examination was that a merger is not worthwhile. The
optimisation of the Bank’s capital structure was also on the
agenda. We want to make banking transactions simpler, better and
faster for customers through the cluster delivery organisation.
There were some changes in personnel during the year within the
Board of Managing Directors. The Bank also further strengthened
its compliance function.

Commerzbank in merger talks with
Deutsche Bank

In mid-March 2019, Commerzbank and Deutsche Bank announced
that talks had officially begun on a possible merger between the
two banks. On 25 April 2019, Commerzbank and Deutsche Bank
decided not to continue talks on a merger of the two institutions.
Following a thorough examination it became apparent that a
merger would not be in the interests of either set of shareholders
or of other stakeholders.

It was a useful exercise to examine this option of consolidation
within Germany. For Commerzbank, however, it was clear from the
outset that any merger must result in higher and more sustainable
returns for Commerzbank shareholders and improved services for
customers. After detailed analysis, Commerzbank concluded that a
merger with Deutsche Bank would not offer sufficient added value,
especially given the implementation risks, restructuring costs and
capital requirements that an integration on this scale would entail.

Changes in the Board of Managing Directors of
Commerzbank

At its meeting on 11 July 2019, Commerzbank’s Supervisory Board
appointed Roland Boekhout to the Board of Managing Directors.
He assumed responsibility for Commerzbank’s Corporate Clients
segment on 1 January 2020. Roland Boekhout, who was previously
a member of the Management Board Banking of ING Group
succeeds Michael Reuther. As agreed and announced in December
2018, Michael Reuther left the Bank at the end of 2019.

On 5 September 2019, CFO Stephan Engels informed the Board
of Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board that he was
committed to fulfilling his contract, which runs until April 2020,
but would decline any offer to extend it. Stephan Engels has been
CFO of Commerzbank since 1 April 2012 and is responsible for
Group Finance, Group Tax, Group Treasury, Group Investor
Relations and mBank. At its meeting on 26 September, the
Supervisory Board decided that Dr. Bettina Orlopp will succeed
Mr. Engels as CFO on or before 31 March 2020, at which time she
will also take over Group Tax, Group Treasury and Group Investor
Relations. Michael Mandel will assume responsibility for mBank.
At the same meeting, the Supervisory Board appointed Sabine
Schmittroth — previously a Divisional Board member in the Private
and Small-Business Customers segment - to the Board of
Managing Directors as future Director of Human Resources with
effect from 1 January 2020. Sabine Schmittroth, who took charge
of Group Human Resources on 1 January 2020, will additionally
take on responsibility for Group Compliance by no later than
31 March 2020. Group Legal will then be headed by Martin Zielke.

Campus 2.0 — a new delivery organisation

Following the successful experience with agile working in the
Digital Campus, since mid-2019 digital products and services for
our customers have been developed in a new cluster delivery
organisation. The aim of this cluster delivery organisation is to
make banking transactions simpler, better and faster for our
customers. Specialists and IT staff work together in one team,
applying agile working methods that will enable us to bring our
products to market more efficiently and flexibly.

71

Group Management Report


--- Page 6 ---

Group Management Report

72

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Commerzbank acquires comdirect share
package and holds more than 90% of comdirect

On 30 October 2019, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft published
the offer document for the voluntary public purchase offer for all
outstanding bank Aktiengesellschaft.
Commerzbank already held around 82% of the shares in
comdirect. The remaining 18% were in free float. The acceptance
period for Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft’s voluntary public
purchase offer for all outstanding shares in comdirect bank
Aktiengesellschaft ended on 6 December 2019. By the end of the
acceptance period, comdirect shareholders had tendered a total of
457,343 shares. Including the comdirect shares already held by
Commerzbank, this corresponded to a stake of approximately
82.63%.

At the beginning of 2020,
Aktiengesellschaft announced that it would acquire a block of
shares in comdirect bank Aktiengesellschaft from the institutional
investor Petrus Advisers Ltd. through its subsidiary Commerzbank
Inlandsbanken Holding GmbH. The transaction was concluded at
the end of January and Commerzbank now holds more than 90%
of comdirect’s shares. Commerzbank has thus reached the

shares in comdirect

January Commerzbank

required threshold for a squeeze-out under merger law. Under the
planned squeeze-out, comdirect shareholders will receive a cash
settlement for their shares.

Commerzbank successfully issues additional
Tier 1 bond

Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft successfully issued its first
additional Tier 1 bond at the beginning of July 2019. The bond has
a volume of USD 1bn and a fixed coupon of 7.0% per annum. The
order book was several times oversubscribed, reflecting the
extensive interest among investors. The bond is listed on the
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The issue will enable the Bank to
optimise its capital structure, partially in response to the amended
regulatory requirements imposed by the European Banking
Authority. The subordinated bond meets the criteria set out in the
Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR) for additional Tier 1
capital (AT1). The instrument has a perpetual maturity and the
first call date is in April 2025. The bond terms provide for a
temporary write-down in the event that the Bank’s Common Equity
Tier 1 ratio (CET1 ratio) drops below 5.125%.

Further strengthening of the compliance function

The Bank continued its activities in 2019 to further strengthen the
compliance function. As before, this pertains not only to structural
changes. We also diligently pushed ahead with building up
internal staff, staff training and the successful recruitment of
additional qualified compliance experts to work at head office and
in foreign locations. Following the creation of a dedicated
compliance trainee programme in 2017, seven graduates were
hired for this international programme in both 2018 and 2019. The
eight trainees from the 2018 programme were hired as specialists
in 2019.

The compliance function implemented various measures
relating to global financial crime, global markets compliance and
anti-bribery and corruption in order to improve the management
of compliance risks. Steps were also taken to further strengthen
compliance governance in Germany and abroad. Amongst other
things, the strengthening of the global compliance system
landscape in line with the latest market standards was rigorously
driven forward. For example, a global upgrade of the systems and
models for monitoring transactions with regard to money
laundering and terrorist financing was largely completed in 2019,
ensuring compliance with global standards on the basis of a
uniform set of rules while also taking local circumstances into
account in parameterisation. In 2019, Global Markets Compliance
continued the Global Surveillance Implementation Programme
(GSIP) launched in 2018. The programme is aimed at expanding
global surveillance of trade and communications. In addition to
defining the target
operating model

future IT architecture and __ initial

implementations, a target for trade and
communications surveillance was also designed. A uniform due
diligence business partner was also established in 2019 and the
corresponding IT system rolled out. This global

continue at selected locations in 2020.

rollout will

Commerzbank also continued its activities to expand structures
and further improve existing compliance processes in the business
units. These included a number of global projects. Examples
include the further development of the Group Compliance
framework, which meets new regulatory requirements, and a
project to incorporate and implement controls applicable across
divisions and risk types.


--- Page 7 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

67. Basis of the Comm
z eport

In 2015, Commerzbank reached settlements with various US
authorities regarding violations of US sanctions and anti-money
laundering provisions. The Bank has already dealt with the
majority of the findings relating to the settlements. The Deferred
Prosecution Agreement with the District Attorney of New York and
the Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the US Department of
Justice were subsequently terminated in March 2018 and May
2018 respectively, after consultation with the respective district
attorney's offices. The Bank has also received various interim
reports and on 15 October 2018 received the final report from the
monitor appointed by the New York State Department of Financial
Services (DFS), to which it has responded with corresponding
implementation programmes. The Bank has made good progress

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

jerzbank Group

tunities report

in carrying out the implementation programmes and has executed
most of the measures. The US monitor submitted its final report
dated 15 October 2018, thus concluding its on-site investigations.
In accordance with the terms of the engagement letter between
the Bank and the monitor, the monitorship ended on 24 June
2019. Official confirmation from the DFS that Commerzbank is
back under regular banking supervision following the monitorship
is still pending.

For more information on compliance and on integrity and
compliance at Commerzbank, please see page 129 ff. of the Group
Risk Report and page 59 ff. of the combined separate non-financial
report respectively.

73

Group Management Report


--- Page 8 ---

Group Management Report

74

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Economic report

Economic conditions

Economic environment

The trade conflict between the USA and China caused a noticeable
drag on the world economy in 2019. China recorded its weakest
economic growth in almost 30 years. The country suffered not
only from higher US tariffs and uncertainty about the further
course of the trade dispute, but also from structural problems such
as high corporate debt levels that weighed on the economy. The
measures taken in the spring by the Chinese government to
support the economy were therefore not fully effective.

The trade conflict also left its mark on the US economy. Given
the uncertainty surrounding trade policy, companies were
noticeably reluctant to invest. The impetus from the tax cuts in
2018 also decreased markedly. Despite this, and against the
backdrop of an increasingly scarce labour supply, economic
growth was still very respectable at 2.3%. However, the US
Federal Reserve still cut its key interest rates by a total of 75 basis
points in the second half of the year in order to head off any risks
to the economy.

Economic growth in the eurozone continued to slow in the
course of 2019, ending up at just 1.2% for the year as a whole.
Industry in particular was hit hard by the global weakness in
demand. In contrast, the service sector proved to be surprisingly
robust. This is probably due mainly to the very expansive
monetary policy of the European Central Bank (ECB), because the
resulting domestic demand is benefiting not only the construction
industry but also the service sector in particular. With the
continued slowdown in growth, the decline in unemployment has
also come to a halt. At 7.4%, however, the unemployment rate is
now almost as low as it was before the outbreak of the financial
market crisis in 2008. With labour becoming scarcer, wage growth
intensified in 2019, a trend that is also slowly being reflected in
slightly higher underlying inflation. The core inflation rate, i.e. the
year-on-year rate of the consumer price index excluding the
highly volatile prices of energy, food and luxury goods, was 1.3%
in December 2019 and thus 0.3 percentage points higher than at
the end of 2018.

From the ECB’s perspective, however, the upward pressure on
prices is still far too weak. It therefore cut the deposit rate by 0.1
percentage points to -0.5% in September and resumed its bond
purchasing programme in December at a net pace of €20bn per
month.

The heavily export-dependent German economy suffered
particularly from weaker demand from abroad. Added to this were
the problems in the automotive industry. At 0.6%, economic
growth in 2019 was significantly weaker than the 2018 figure of
1.5%. The decline in unemployment came to a halt.

The interest rate cuts by the US Federal Reserve and the ECB
brought relief to the financial markets. At the end of 2019, the ten-
year German government bond was clearly in negative territory at
-0.3%, after reaching a new all-time low of -0.7% at the end of
August. Share prices also rose sharply despite the uncertainty
surrounding trade policy, with the DAX gaining 25% in 2019.
Although the US Federal Reserve relaxed its monetary policy to a
much greater extent than the ECB, the US dollar continued to
appreciate slightly against the euro.

Sector environment

2019 was another challenging year for the financial industry.
Domestic demand, which continued to benefit from favourable
financing conditions and rising income for employees, was once
again the mainstay of economic activity in the eurozone along with
the services sector. Industry remained very problematic, however.
In particular, the unresolved trade dispute between the USA and
China and the ongoing conflicts in the Middle East had a sustained
negative impact on international trade flows, which in turn
affected export financing in the banking sector. The automobile
manufacturing industry, which is important for the banking sector,
also continued to battle substantial problems — in addition to the
trade problems, it was confronted with other challenges relating to
climate protection in particular, which also affected other
industrial sectors. There was also uncertainty surrounding the
high punitive tariffs that the USA is threatening to impose on car
imports from the EU, although a final decision by the US
administration is still pending.

The trade problems were compounded in Europe by the
unforeseeable consequences of Brexit and the latent risk of a
general loss of confidence in the stability of Italy’s state finances,
which significantly dampened macroeconomic stimulus. This
applies above all to Germany’s export industry, which is hugely
important to the country’s economic performance and thus also to

the banking sector. Against this backdrop, business with corporate
and small-business customers in Germany is still noticeably under
pressure.


--- Page 9 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

67 Basis of the C
74 Economic report

In Germany, banks’ retail banking business fared better than
business with corporate and small-business customers. It
benefited from robust domestic demand, which was supported by
further growth in consumption. The labour market also remained
stable, despite the threat of job losses in industry. In addition,
Germany is experiencing its third real estate boom since the
1970s. Residential property prices have been rising since 2010 at
rates that are well above comparable parameters such as
consumer prices, rents and disposable income of private
households. Lending business in the German banking sector thus
expanded again, with housing loans increasing by more than 5%
year on year as of September 2019. Consumer instalment loans
increased by almost 2.5% over the same period.

The prospects for the banks’ securities commission business
were also comparatively favourable, with the capital markets
performing surprisingly well given the weakness of the German
industrial economy. The DAX gained around 25% over the course
of 2019. Three key interest rate cuts by the US Federal Reserve
boosted the US stock market, with knock-on effects for the EU and
Germany. The number of private shareholders in Germany is also
likely to have increased again in 2019. However, the future
impetus for share prices will be limited. In addition, there are
plans to introduce a financial transaction tax in Germany similar to
the one already in place in France since 2012. This tax has
changed the stock market in France: trading and turnover in the
shares concerned have fallen noticeably, and spreads between
purchase and selling prices have widened.

In Poland, the business outlook for the banking sector is
currently more favourable from an economic perspective than in
Germany. Macroeconomic performance is _ still growing
significantly stronger, supported by private consumption. The
Polish economy has also lost momentum in recent months,
however. We therefore expect economic growth to slow noticeably
in 2020. The outcome of the parliamentary elections in autumn
2019 increased the likelihood of a spending offensive and a
consequent deterioration in the budgetary position. There is also a
degree of uncertainty, chiefly due to the smouldering conflict with
the EU over policy issues.

The ECB is not planning to stop its bond purchases until shortly
before it starts raising key rates. This will improve banks’ liquidity
position and financing conditions, but at the same time will put
further pressure on net interest margins and thus adversely impact
earnings in the financial sector. The financing requirements of the
European Commission’s planned green deal could also lead to
green quantitative easing. This is new, because to date none of the
world’s central banks have pursued a monetary policy strongly
oriented towards climate protection goals.

Financial Statements Further Information

Financial performance, assets,
liabilities and financial position

The Commerzbank Group has applied IFRS 16 “Leases” since
January 2019. The application of IFRS 16 has resulted in
changes to the Group’s accounting and measurement methods.
Explanations regarding changes or amendments to the accounting
and measurement methods can be found in Notes 2 and 4 to the
Group financial statements.

The Commerzbank Group’s operating profit for the year came
to €1,258m and was thus stable versus the previous year.
Consolidated profit attributable to Commerzbank shareholders for
the period under review came to €644m.

Total assets of the Commerzbank Group as at 31 December
2019 were €463.6bn, compared with €462.4bn at the end of 2018.

The increase in risk-weighted assets to €181.8bn was mainly
due to the adoption of the international accounting standard
IFRS 16 at the turn of the year and a growth-driven rise in risk-
weighted assets from credit risks. This growth was partly offset by
reductions in risk-weighted assets through the targeted winding-
down of portfolios that are not part of the core business and two
securitisation transactions in the first and fourth quarters of 2019.
In addition, lower risk-weighted assets from market price risks and
fewer risk-weighted assets from operational risks had a largely
compensatory effect.

Common Equity Tier 1 capital was €24.4bn and the
corresponding Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 13.4%.

Income statement of the Commerzbank Group

The individual items in the income statement were as follows in
2019:

At €5,074m, net interest income in the period under review
was 6.9% above the prior-year level. Private and Small-Business
Customers managed to increase its net interest income
considerably year on year. Net interest income in Germany
increased slightly compared with the previous year. Residential
mortgage loans performed well, with new business volume rising
significantly. At mBank, net interest income showed good growth,
driven by an increase both in margins and in the volume of
lending and deposit business. In the Corporate Clients segment,
the negative impact of the low interest rate environment and
intense price competition was more than offset by higher interest
income, especially from lending business.

Group Management Report


--- Page 10 ---

Group Management Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Net commission income fell slightly by 1.1% year on year to
€3,056m. In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment,
income in the domestic securities business rose steadily over the
course of the year, due in part to the positive trend on the capital
markets, and was up year on year overall. Income from payment
transaction services also increased, but commission income from
pension business was significantly lower than in the previous year.

Net commission income at mBank was on a par with the previous

year. In the Corporate Clients segment, net commission income
was stable versus the previous year.

The net income from financial assets and liabilities measured at

fair value through profit or loss was €244m in the reporting
period, after €366m in the prior-year period. The decline is
attributable in particular to remeasurement effects in the Others
and Consolidation segment and positive income from restructuring
measures in the Corporate Clients segment in the previous year.

Statement of comprehensive income | €m 2019 20181 Change
Net interest income 5,074 4,748 326
Dividend income 35 36 -1
Risk result -620 -446 -174
Net commission income 3,056 3,089 -34
Gain or loss from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
through profit and loss and net income from hedge accounting 348 415 -66
Other profit or loss from financial instruments, income from at-equity
investments and other net income 130 283 -153
Operating expenses 6,313 6,459 =146
Compulsory contributions 453 423 30
Operating profit/loss 1,258 1,242 15
Impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets 28 - 28
Restructuring expenses 101 - 101
Pre-tax profit or loss from continuing operations 1,129 1,242 -113
Taxes on income 367 268 99
Consolidated profit or loss from discontinued operations -18 -10 -8
Consolidated profit/loss 744 964 -221

Consolidated profit or loss attributable to Commerzbank

shareholders and investors in additional equity components 644 862 -219

7 Figures restated due to a change in presentation plus other restatements (see Group financial statements, Note 4),

Other net income was €93m in the reporting period, compared
with €245m a year earlier. This includes €103m from the
completed sale of ebase GmbH. The result for the previous year
includes income from the sale of the group insurance business of
the mBank subsidiary mFinanse in the Private and Small-Business
Customers segment, and from an investment in the Corporate
Clients segment. Income from sales of real estate and interest for
tax refund claims also had a positive effect on net income in the
previous year.

The risk result was €-620m in the reporting period, compared
with €-446m a year earlier. In the Private and Small-Business
Customers segment, the risk result was 8.6% above the prior-year
level. While risk provi

ions for lending business in Germany were
lower than in the previous year, mBank posted an increase in loan
loss provisions associated mainly with corporate loans. The risk
result of the Corporate Clients segment increased year on year,

mainly due to impairments of individual loan commitments.

Despite ongoing investment in digitalisation and growth,
operating expenses were 2.3% lower year on year in the reporting
period at €6,313m. While personnel expenses were 3.0% above
the prior-year level at €3,543m, in part due to pay scale
adjustments, administrative expenses, including depreciation on
fixed assets and amortisation of other intangible assets, were
reduced by 8.2% to €2,770m. This significant decrease was
primarily due to lower costs for external staff on projects and

lower consulting costs.

Compulsory contributions, which include the European
banking levy, contributions to the Deposit Protection Fund and the
Polish bank tax, have been reported separately since the first
quarter of 2019 and rose by 7.1% to €453m. The increase of
€30m was primarily due to higher regulatory requirements in
Poland.


--- Page 11 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

67. Basis of th
74 Economic report
82 Segment perform

Impairments of intangible assets in the amount of €28m were
recognised in the reporting period in the Corporate Clients
segment. Earnings performance in the period under review was
also impacted by restructuring expenses of €101m relating to a
headcount reduction programme brought forward as part of the
implementation of the “Commerzbank 5.0” strategy.

Pre-tax profit from continuing operations was €1,129m,
compared with €1,242m in the previous year.

Tax expense on continuing operations for the period under
review was €367m, compared with €268m in the previous year.
The increase resulted in particular from provisions for tax risks
and impairments of deferred tax assets in the fourth quarter of
2019.

Profit from continuing operations after tax was €762m,
compared with €975m in the prior-year period.

Discontinued operations posted a loss after tax of €-18m. This
includes — the of the Equity
Markets & Commodities (EMC) division sold to Sociét

Net of non-controlling interests, a consolidated profit of €644m
was attributable to Commerzbank shareholders and investors in
additional equity components for the 2019 financial year,
compared with €862m in the previous year.

As Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft reports its results for the
2019 financial year in accordance with the German Commercial
Code (HGB), the plan is to service all profit-related capital
instruments issued by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft for the
2019 financial year. We will put a proposal before the Annual
General Meeting to distribute a dividend of €0.15.

Total comprehensive income, which includes both consolidated
profitloss and other comprehensive income for the period,
showed a net total of €626m in 2019.

Other comprehensive income of €-118m consists of the sum of
changes in the revaluation reserve (FVOCImR) (€15m), the cash
flow hedge reserve (€13m) and the currency translation reserve
(€106m), changes in companies accounted for using the equity
method (€-4m), changes from the remeasurement of defined
benefit plans not recognised in the income statement (€-180m),
changes in the measurement of equity instruments (FVOCIoR)

income and expenses

Générale.

Financial Statements

Further Information

°

(€8m), and changes in own credit spread of liabilities FVO not
recognised in the income statement (€-75m).

Operating profit per share came to €1.00 and earnings per
share to €0.51. The comparable figures in the prior-year period
were €0.99 and €0.69 respectively.

Balance sheet of the Commerzbank Group

Total assets of the Commerzbank Group as at 31 December 2019
were €463.6bn and thus at the same level as at year-end 2018.

The cash on hand and cash on demand fell by €12.8bn to
€41.2bn. The decrease compared with the end of 2018 was due in
particular to a decline in demand deposits held with central banks.

Financial assets at amortised cost increased by €14.5bn to
€293.7bn compared with the end of 2018. The increase compared
with the end of 2018 was largely attributable to a rise in lending
business in the Private and Small-Business Customers and
Corporate Clients segments.

Financial assets in the fair value OCI category were €30.9bn,
up €4.3bn from the end of 2018. This 16.1% rise was largely
driven by an increase in debt securities.

At €30.2bn, financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value
through profit or loss were €3.9bn lower than at the end of the
previous year. The decline was largely attributable to a 16.6%
decrease in loans and advances, especially to central banks.

Financial assets held for trading were €44.8bn at the reporting
date, up €2.3bn on the figure at the end of 2018. Positive fair
values of interest rate derivatives rose by €2.8bn and loans and
advances by €0.7bn, while positive fair values of currency and
equity derivatives decreased by €1.1bn overall. Debt securities
were €1.5bn or 8.6% lower year on year.

Non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups were
€8.0bn, compared with €13.4bn at the end of 2018. The decline
resulted from portfolio transfers in connection with the sale of the
EMC business to Société Générale and from comdirect bank AG’s
sale of ebase GmbH to the FNZ Group.

Group Management Report


--- Page 12 ---

Group Management Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Assets | €m 31.12.2019 31.12.2018" Change in %
Financial assets — Amortised cost 293,658 279,160 5.2
Financial assets — Fair value OCI 30,942 26,659 16.1
Financial assets — Mandatorily fair value P&L 30,196 34,073 -11.4
Financial assets — Held for trading 44,840 42,501 5.5
Other assets 64,000 79,993 -20.0
Total 463,636 462,386 0.3
Liabilities and equity | €m 31.12.2019 31.12.2018! Change in %
Financial liabilities - Amortised cost 351,909 346,668 1.5
Financial liabilities — Fair value option 19,964 21,949 -9.0
Financial liabilities — Held for trading 39,366 43,404 -9.3
Other liabilities 21,730 20,953 3.7
Equity 30,667 29,412 4.3
Total 463,636 462,386 0.3

” Prior-year figures restated (see Group financial statements, Note 4).

On the liabilities side, financial liabilities at amortised cost were up
€5.2bn to €351.9bn compared with the end of 2018. While debt
securities issued fell by €3.1bn, sight deposits — from both private
and corporate customers — increased significantly compared with
the end of 2018.

Financial liabilities under the fair value option decreased by
€2.0bn compared with the end of 2018 to €20.0bn. Deposits were
down by €1.9bn, mainly due to a decline in collateralised money
market transactions in the form of repos.

Financial liabilities held for trading were €39.4bn, down
€4.0bn on the end of 2018. This 9.3% decline was due to the
negative fair values of derivative financial instruments, which were
€2.5bn lower. Delivery commitments arising from short sales of
securities also fell by €1.5bn.

Liabilities from disposal groups were €8.5bn, compared with
€12.9bn at the end of 2018. The decline resulted from portfolio
transfers in connection with the sale of the EMC business to
Société Générale and from comdirect bank AG’s sale of ebase
GmbH to the FNZ Group.

Equity

The equity capital attributable to Commerzbank shareholders
reported in the balance sheet on 31 December 2019 was €28.5bn,
compared with €28.2bn at the end of 2018. Further information on
the change in equity can be found on page 143 ff. of the Group
financial statements.

Risk-weighted assets were €181.8bn as at 31 December 2019,
€1.3bn higher than at year-end 2018. This resulted from effects
that largely compensated each other: the increase in credit risk
reflected, for instance, the adoption of the IFRS 16 international
accounting standard at the turn of the year and the credit growth
in the core segments, including mBank. Parameter effects (mainly
effects from the review of internal credit risk models by the
regulator) also led to higher risk-weighted assets from credit risks.
This growth was partly offset by reductions in risk-weighted assets
through the targeted winding-down of portfolios that are not part
of the core business and two securitisation transactions in the first
and fourth quarters of 2019. Lower risk-weighted assets from
market price risks and lower risk-weighted assets from operational
risks were additional compensating factors, the latter due to model
adjustments to improve the quality of forecasts and the updating
of internal and external loss data.

As at the reporting date, Common Equity Tier 1 capital was
€24.4bn as compared with €23.2bn at 31 December 2018. This
€1.2bn increase arose mainly in connection with the regulatory
eligible profit and lower regulatory deductions. The Common
Equity Tier 1 ratio was thus 13.4%. With the issue of an additional
Tier 1 bond for USD 1bn at the beginning of July, Tier 1 capital
(with transitional provisions) rose to €26.0bn and the
corresponding Tier 1 ratio to 14.3%. The €0.8bn decline in Tier 2
capital was attributable to subordinated liabilities that were no
longer fully eligible due to their residual maturities, final
maturities of issues and the early repayment of instruments
(termination). The total capital ratio was 16.8% as at the reporting
date.


--- Page 13 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

67 Basis of the C

74 Economic report

The leverage ratio based on the CRD IV/CRR rules applicable
on the reporting date, which is equal to Tier 1 capital divided by
leverage exposure, was 5.3% (with transitional provisions) or
5.1% (fully loaded).

The Bank complies with all regulatory requirements. This
information includes the consolidated profit attributable to
Commerzbank shareholders and eligible for regulatory purposes.

Funding and liquidity of the Commerzbank
Group

The liquidity management of the Commerzbank Group is the
responsibility of Group Treasury, which is represented in all major
Group locations in Germany and abroad and has reporting lines in
all subsidiaries.

Liquidity management comprises both operational and
strategic components. Operational

liquidity management

encompasses management of daily payment inflows and outflows,

Financial Statements Further Information

management of access to central banks. The division is also
responsible for access to unsecured and secured sources of
funding in the money and capital markets and the management of
the liquidity reserve portfolio. Strategic liquidity management
involves managing maturity profiles for liquidity-relevant assets
and liabilities within specified limits and corridors. Additional
information on this subject can be found in the “Liquidity risk”
section of the Group Management Report.

Guidelines for the funding profile and funds are derived from
the business strategy and reflect risk tolerance. The Group's
funding is appropriately diversified in terms of investor groups,
regions, products and currencies. Top-level decisions about
liquidity management are taken by the central Asset Liability
Committee (ALCO), which meets at regular intervals.

The quantification and limitation of liquidity risks is carried out
via an internal model in which expected cash inflows are
compared against expected cash outflows. The limits set are
monitored by the independent risk function. ALCO and the Board
of Managing Directors receive regular reports on the liquidity risk

planning for payment flows expected in the short term and situation.
Capital market funding structure’
As at 31 December 2019
Promissory notes 12% ——
Covered bonds 48%
Subordinated debt 12%
about €66bn

Unsecured bonds 28% =.

1 Based on reported figures.

Commerzbank had unrestricted access to the money and capital
markets throughout the reporting period, and its liquidity and
solvency were also adequate at all times. It was always able to
raise the resources required for a balanced funding mix and
continued to enjoy a comfortable liquidity position in the period
under review. The Commerzbank Group raised a total of €9.0bn in
long-term funding on the capital market in 2019. The average
maturity of all issues made during the reporting period was
around eight years.

In the unsecured area, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft issued
preferred senior benchmark bonds with a total volume of €2.75bn
and maturities of five years and seven years respectively in the
period under review.

Two non-preferred senior bonds with a volume of €500m each
and maturities of five years and seven years respectively were also
placed. €0.9bn in private placements were also issued. mBank
issued a preferred senior bond with a volume of CHF125m.
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft issued its first additional Tier 1
bond in July. The bond had a volume of USD1bn and a fixed
coupon of 7.0% per annum. It has a perpetual maturity, with the
first call date in April 2025. The bond terms provide for a
temporary write-down in the event that the Bank’s Common Equity
Tier 1 ratio drops below 5.125%. The issue will further strengthen
and optimise the structure of the Bank’s regulatory capital. The
subordinated bond meets the criteria set out in the Capital
Requirements Regulation (CRR) for additional Tier 1 capital. The
bond was mainly purchased by foreign investors, who accounted
for 96% of the volume.

Group Management Report


--- Page 14 ---

Group Management Report

80

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

In the secured area, mortgage Pfandbriefe with a total volume
of €3.1bn were issued, including two benchmark issues in January
with a volume of €1bn each and maturities of five and fifteen years
respectively, and a nine-year bond with a volume of €0.5bn issued

in December. Private placements accounted for €0.5bn. In
addition, mBank issued €0.3bn in Polish covered bonds.

Commerzbank was able to place its issues with a broad range
of domestic and foreign investors.

Group capital market of 2019
Volume €9.0bn_

Preferred senior
bonds
€3.5bn

Additional Tier 1
bond €0.9bn

Unsecured

bonds
€5.6bn

Non-preferred
senior bonds
€1.2bn

other Covered
bonds
€0.3bn

Pfandbriefe €3.1bn

Secured
bonds

€3.4bn

At the end of 2019, the Bank had a liquidity reserve of €72.4bn in
the form of highly liquid assets. The liquidity reserve portfolio

functions as a buffer in stress situations. It is funded in line with

the liquidity risk appetite to ensure that it is kept at the required
size throughout the entire reserve period stipulated by the Board
of Managing Directors. A part of this liquidity reserve is held in a
separate stress liquidity reserve portfolio managed by Group
Treasury to cover liquidity outflows should a stress event occur
and to ensure solvency at all times.

The Bank also holds an intraday liquidity reserve portfolio. At
the end of the year, the total value of this portfolio was €6.3bn. At
132.72% 12 month-end
Commerzbank was well above the minimum 100% level required

(average of the last values),
for the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR). Further information on the
LCR can be found in Note 65 to the Group financial statements.
Commerzbank’s liquidity situation therefore remains comfortable
given its conservative and forward-looking funding strategy. The
Bank is not currently drawing on central bank liquidity facilities.

Summary of 2019 business position

2019 was another tough year for the banking industry and thus

also. for Commerzbank, marked by a combination of
uncertainties, in particular the further

intensification of global trade conflicts, and the pressure on

macroeconomic

margins triggered by the ECB’s September decision to further
ease monetary policy. Against this background, we nevertheless
succeeded in acquiring new customers in both market segments
and expanding our lending and securities volume. The strategic
objective of further simplifying the business was also driven ahead
as planned last year: The Asset & Capital Recovery segment was
dissolved on 1 July 2019 following the successful winding down of

assets over the last few years, with the remaining portfolios
transferred to Others and Consolidation and to the Private and
Small-Business Customers segment. In addition, since the middle
of the year digital products and services have been developed in
the new cluster delivery organisation. This enables us to deliver
functioning products and services for our customers to our sales
force faster than in the past. We also further strengthened the
Bank’s capital structure with the issue of an additional Tier 1
bond, partially in response to the
requirements imposed by the European Banking Authority.

Overall, however, despite all the progress made in terms of
business policy, it was obvious that we had to respond to the
changed and ever tougher framework conditions. The world is
turning faster and faster, and innovation cycles are getting shorter
and shorter. Our customers’ wishes regarding our digital and

amended regulatory

mobile offerings and personal advisory services are evolving very
rapidly.

In an increasingly difficult environment, we almost or entirely
met the core objectives we had set for 2019 in terms of both
income and costs.

The Private and Small-business Customers segment made good
progress in implementing its strategic measures in the 2019
financial year: Progress was made in digitalising services and
processes and expanding and bringing together the distribution
channels. In November, the new advisory model for private
customers was launched in the domestic branch business. Despite
the ongoing challenging conditions, the growth strategy was also
successfully advanced in 2019. With more than 473,000 net new
customers and growth of €35bn in the volume of loans and
securities accounts, 2019 ended as a successful year. The portfolio
volume in loans and securities in Germany amounted to a total of
€261bn at the end of the year. The goal of increasing assets under
control in Germany to over €400bn by the end of 2020 was nearly


--- Page 15 ---

Corporate Responsibility

67. Basis of th

Management Report

Financial Statements Further Information

74 Economic report

nt pe
and

achieved in 2019, despite the sale of the comdirect subsidiary
ebase and the associated outflow of assets. The Bank also made
progress in 2019 in the core objective of growth, significantly
surpassing the previous year’s result. For example, the volume of
new business in residential mortgage lending grew by around 5%
versus 2018 to around €14.0bn. The segment proved to be robust
in the face of adverse conditions, particularly with respect to the
interest rate environment and slowing economic growth, and was
able to increase total operating income in the 2019 financial year.
We also succeeded in reducing operating expenses, which led to a
significant improvement in the cost/income ratio. Although there
was a marked rise in the risk result, it remained at a historically
low level. Overall, the segment’s operating profit rose in line with
the forecast. The operating return on equity improved slightly year
on year.

The 2019 reporting year presented several challenges for the
Corporate Clients segment, including the tightening of already low
interest rates, intense price competition in the German market and
a macroeconomic environment fraught with uncertainties that
weighed most heavily on international trade relationships. As a
result, our expectations of a slight rise in income could not be met
in the course of the year. Higher interest income from lending
business was offset in particular by lower net income from
financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit
or loss. As expected, the risk result increased significantly due to

formance
tunities report

the impairment of individual credit exposures and — contrary to
our forecast — led to a significant decline in operating profit. The
anticipated and achieved slight reduction in the cost base proved
insufficient to keep the cost/income ratio stable and it moved up
year on year.

At Group level, income before risk result, adjusted for one-off
effects such as the sale of ebase in the reporting year and the
disposal of the group insurance business in the previous year, was
slightly below our expectations at €8.6bn. Despite the difficult
framework conditions, however, the previous year’s figure was
matched thanks to a further improvement in income quality.

Higher charges for regulatory expenses were offset through
strict cost management. As expected, total operating expenses
were lower than in the previous year at €6,.766m. The net return
on equity of 2.4% was markedly lower than the prior-year level of
3.4%, while the
contributions rose mostly in line with expectations, increasing by
2.0 percentage points to 78.3%.

The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio rose to 13.4% at the end of
2019 from 12.9% at the end of 2018 and was thus well above the
target ratio expected for the reporting year. The increase resulted

cost/income ratio including compulsory

mainly from regulatory eligible profit and reduced regulatory
deductions.

81

Group Management Report


--- Page 16 ---

Group Management Report

82

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Segment performance

The comments on the segments’ results are based on the segment
structure described on pages 67 and 247 ff. of the notes to the
Group financial statements. The Asset & Capital Recovery segment
was dissolved on 1 July 2019 following the successful winding
down of assets over the last few years, with the remaining
portfolios transferred to Others and Consolidation and to the
Private and Small-Business Customers segment. The result
achieved by the Asset & Capital Recovery segment up to the point
of dissolution is shown in the segment reporting in Note 61 to the
Group financial statements.

More information and explanations regarding restatements of
prior-year figures can be found in Notes 4 and 61 to the Group
financial statements.

Private and Small-Business
Customers

The Private and Small-Business Customers segment encompasses.
branch business in Germany, comdirect Group, Commerz Real and
the mBank Group.

The segment again saw growth in net new customers and
assets under management in 2019. With around 11.3 million

customers in Germany and roughly 5.6 million in Poland, the
Czech Republic and Slovakia, Commerzbank is one of the leading

banks for private and small-business customers in these markets.

Performance
€m Po 2018" Change in
%/%-points
Income before risk result 4,913 4,806 2.2
Risk result -253 -233 8.6
Operating expenses 3,529 3,586 -1.6
Compulsory contributions 285 252 13.1
Operating profit/loss 846 735 15.1
Average capital employed 5,361 4,751 12.8
Operating return on equity (%) 15.8 15.5 0.3
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) — excl. compulsory
contributions 71.8 74.6 -2.8
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) — incl. compulsory
contributions 77.6 79.9 -2.2

” Figures restated due to a change in presentation plus other restatements (see Group financial statements, Notes 4 and 61).

The Private and Small-Business Customers segment proved to be
robust in the face of adverse conditions, particularly with respect
to the interest rate environment and slowing economic growth,
and was able to increase total operating income in the 2019
financial year. It also succeeded in reducing operating expenses.
Although the risk result saw an increase in loan impairments, it
remained at a historically low level. Overall, the segment’s
operating profit rose by €111m to €846m.

Total segment income before risk result was €4,913m in the
year under review, up €107m on the prior-year figure. Net interest
income in Germany increased slightly compared with the previous
year. Residential mortgage loans performed well, with new
business volume rising significantly. At mBank, net interest
income showed good growth, driven by an increase both in
margi

s and in the volume of lending and deposit business. Net
interest income for the segment rose sharply by €144m overall to
€2,722m. Net commission income was almost unchanged year on

year at €1,914m. Income in the domestic securities business rose
steadily over the course of the year, due in part to the positive
trend on the capital markets, and was up year on year overall.
Income from payment transaction services also increased, but
commission income from pension business was significantly lower
than in the previous year. Net commission income at mBank was
on a par with the previous year.

Other earnings components, which include net income from
financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit
and other net income, totalled €277m, €23m below the
ear figure. Income of €103m from the sale of the comdirect

subsidiary ebase GmbH was posted in the year under review,
while a gain of €52m for mBank from the sale of the group
insurance business of its subsidiary mFinanse was reported in
2018. mBank’s other net income in the period under review was
impacted by an allocation of €79m to provisions for legal risks in

connection with mortgage loans in foreign currency.


--- Page 17 ---

Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Statements Furthe

Information

Financia

82 Segment performance

The risk result was €-253m, up 8.6% on the prior-year level.
While risk provisions for lending business in Germany were lower
than in the previous year, mBank posted an increase in loan loss
provisions associated mainly with corporate loans.

The reduction of €57m in operating expenses to €3,529m
primarily reflected the measures taken to improve cost efficiency
in Germany. At mBank, operating expenses were largely stable
year on year. The strong year-on-year increase of €33m to €285m
in the segment’s expenses for compulsory contributions, which
are reported separately, was largely attributable to mBank, where
the European banking levy and the Polish bank tax increased by a
total of €32m.

Overall, the Private and Small-Business Customers segment
posted a pre-tax profit of €846m in the reporting year, compared
with €735m in the previous year.

and o|

portunities report

Corporate Clients

The Corporate Clients segment comprised four reporting areas in
2019. The Mittelstand, International Corporates and Financial
Institutions divisions are responsible for business with our core
customers: the Mittelstand division covers Mittelstand customers
and domestic large corporates with the relevant products they
require. The Corporates
corporate customers headquartered abroad and

International division looks after
large German
multinational companies. The Financial Institutions division is
responsible for managing relationships with banks in Germany
and abroad and central banks.

The segment offers customers the complete range of products
of an international full-service bank, from traditional
products, dually
management and trade finance, investment and hedging products
and customised capital market solutions. The Other Result division
handles all business that either has a cross-segment risk
management function or falls outside the strategic focus of the
Corporate Clients segment. These mainly

the former Non-Core Assets and Portfolio

credit

indi tailored financing solutions, cash

relate to assets
transferred from
Restructuring Unit run-off segments and effects from hedging
positions.

The performance of the Equity Markets & Commodities (EMC)

ion is reported separately in view of the sale.

Performance

Income before risk result 3,241 3,414

Risk result -342 -194

Operating expenses 2,453 2,503

Compulsory contributions 118 119

Operating profit/loss 328 597

Average capital employed 11,895 10,770 10.4
Operating return on equity (%) 28 5.5 -2.8
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) - excl. compulsory

contributions 75.7 73.3 2.3
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) - incl. compulsory

contributions 79.3 76.8 2.5

1 Figures restated due to a change in presentation plus other restatements (see Group financial statements, Notes 4 and 61).

The 2019 reporting year presented several challenges for the
Corporate Clients segment, including the tightening of already low

interest rates, intense price competition in the German market and

a macroeconomic environment fraught with uncertainties that
weighed most heavily on international trade relationships. A
positive earnings trend in customer business was offset by
markedly lower income from the Others division, whose earnings

in the previous year were boosted by a range of factors including
positive effects from restructuring. Overall, the Corporate Clients
segment posted an operating profit of €328m in the year under
review, compared with €597m in the previous year. Higher
interest income from lending business was offset in particular by
lower net income from financial assets and liabilities measured at
fair value through profit or loss.

83

Group Management Report


--- Page 18 ---

Group Management Report

84

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

The Mittelstand division benefited from the segment’s strong
market position, which was chiefly reflected in a higher total
lending volume and solid earnings performance. The International
Corporates division recorded a positive performance. Earnings
growth was achieved in the lending business in particular, but also
in other areas such as hedging transactions for our customers. The
Financial Institutions division recorded income growth in the year
under review, particularly in international trade finance. In the
Others division, the positive result from restructuring measures in
the previous year raised the benchmark for the earnings
comparison, meaning that income in the year under review failed
to match the prior-year figure. The prior-year figure also included
income from non-strategic portfolios such as Commercial Real
Estate, which were further wound down.

In the period under review, income before risk result was
€172m lower than in the prior-year period at €3,241m. Net
interest income rose by €84m to €1,861m. The increase was
mainly due to a higher contribution from lending business. Net
commission income was stable year on year at €1,177m. Net
income from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
through profit or loss fell sharply to €187m. This was €237m
lower than the figure for the prior-year period, which included
positive income from restructuring measures.

The risk result increased year on year, mainly due to
impairments of individual loan commitments. The risk result was
€-342m in the period under review, compared with €-194m in the
previous year.

Operating expenses were €2,453m, down €50m on the prior-
year figure. strategic development
successfully offset. The reduction in operating expenses was

Investments — in were
achieved ahead of schedule thanks to strict cost discipline and
made a significant contribution to earnings.

The reported compulsory contributions of €118m related to
regulatory expenses and were largely unchanged from the

previous year.

Impairments of intangible assets in the amount of €28m were
recognised in the reporting period.

Overall, the segment posted a pre-tax profit of €301m
compared with €597m in the prior-year period.

Others and Consolidation ;

The Others and Consolidation segment contains the income and
expenses which are not attributable to the business segments.
Others covers, for example, Group Treasury, equity holdings not
allocated to the business segments and overarching specific
individual matters such as expenditure on regulatory fees.
Consolidation reconciles the figures shown in segment reporting
with the Group financial statements in accordance with IFRS.
Others and Consolidation also covers staff, management and
support functions, which are likewise charged to the segments.
For these units, restructuring costs are an exception to transfer
charging, as they are reported centrally in the division.

The Others and Consolidation segment reported an operating
result of €53m for 2019, compared with €-124m in the prior-year
period. The improvement was driven to a large extent by higher
income in Group Treasury, which was mainly attributable to better
management of interest rate and currency risk due to positive
market trends, a net positive effect from the recognition and
reversal of provisions, and a positive valuation of equity
investments. This was offset by a number of factors including one-
off income from sales of real estate in 2018 and the result from the
portfolios of the dissolved Asset&Capital Recovery segment,
which were transferred to the Others and Consolidation segment
in 2019. Others and Consolidation recorded a pre-tax loss of €-
48m for 2019. This figure included restructuring expenses of
€101m relating to the implementation of the “Commerzbank 5.0”
strategy.


--- Page 19 ---

orate Responsibility Management Report

82 ent perform:

Outlook and opportun

Future economic situation

The world economy is likely to see only modest growth in 2020,
with positive economic factors partially neutralised by braking
factors. On the plus side, loose monetary policy is driving the
economy in many countries. In addition, a cautious
rapprochement is emerging on the trade front following the
agreement of an initial partial deal between the USA and China.
The de-escalation should help reduce the uncertainty surrounding
trade policy in 2020, which will be a positive step for the economy
compared with 2019.

Companies are likely to remain fundamentally wary, however.
The conflict between the USA as an established power and China
as a rising power has little chance of being resolved, meaning that
the trade conflict could escalate again after the presidential

Real gross domestic product Change from previous year

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

85 Outlook and opportunities report

ities report

elections in November 2020, regardless of the election outcome,
because the Democrats also essentially support the incumbent
president's protectionist policy.

China will also remain a burden for the global economy. The
country is suffering not only from higher US tariffs and uncertainty
about the long-term development of the trade conflict, but also
from high levels of debt, particularly among China’s state-owned
enterprises, which have been under pressure to cut costs for some
time. In addition, the impact of coronavirus

likely to put a brake
on economic growth in the first quarter, which is why China is
again unlikely to be a driver of the global economy in 2020.

The upturn in the USA will continue in 2020, but US growth is
also likely to be weaker than in 2019 at 1.7%, partly because the
full-employment economy is increasingly reaching the limits of
production.

USA 2.3% 1.7% 1.8%
Eurozone 1.2% 0.9% 1.1%
Germany 0.6% 0.8% 0.8%
Central and Eastern Europe 1.8% 1.9% 2.0%
Poland 4.3% 3.1% 3.7%

"The figures for 2020 and 2021 are all Commerzbank forecasts.

The eurozone economy is likely to outperform the German
economy again in 2020 due to its lower dependence on foreign
trade, with growth of 0.9%. By ratifying the Brexit agreement, the
European Parliament has cleared the way for Britain’s withdrawal
from the European Union (EU). This brings relief momentarily, but
the future relationship between the UK and the EU still has to be
negotiated. The timescale for this is very tight, as the transition
period expires at the end of 2020. We expect an extensive free
trade agreement to be concluded, which would mean no
fundamental changes at least for the trade in goods between the
UK and the EU.

Weaker growth in important German export markets suggests
only a minor upward trend for Germany in 2020. As leading
indicators are still pointing downwards, the German economy is
likely to remain largely stagnant in the first few months of the new
year. Slightly positive growth rates should then return from spring
onwards, culminating in growth of 0.8% for 2020.

Domestic demand remains robust, however, suggesting that
Germany's economy is unlikely to slip into recession. Higher wage
increases will strengthen the purchasing power of working
households, and the employment rate will probably continue to
rise despite job cuts in industry. Both these factors point to
consumer demand remaining buoyant. At the same time, low
interest rates will continue to boost investment.

The expansive monetary policy on both sides of the Atlantic
will also continue to shape the picture on the financial markets in
2020. The absence of a classic economic upswing and the
continued failure to meet the inflation target of just under 2% are
arguments for the ECB maintaining its expansive monetary policy
in 2020. It will continue to purchase bonds at a net pace of €20bn
per month. The US Federal Reserve may even cut key interest
rates by a further 25 basis points in spring to secure the upswing.

Group Management Report


--- Page 20 ---

Group Management Report

86

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

The low interest rate environment will therefore not change in
2020. The yield on ten-year German government bonds is likely to
remain between -0.5% and -0.2% in 2020. The euro is likely to
appreciate against the US dollar in 2020. This will not be due to

the strength of the euro, however, but to a weakening of the dollar.
On the stock markets, subdued economic growth is likely to limit
price potential. We thus expect the DAX to be at 13,700 points at
the end of 2020, only slightly higher than at the end of 2019.

Exchange rates 31.12.2019 31.12.2020" 31.12.2021"
Euro/US-dollar 1.12 1.10 1.14
Euro/Sterling 0.85 0.87 0.86
Euro/Zloty 4.25 4.20 4.30

"The figures for 2020 and 2021 are all Commerzbank forecasts.

Future situation in the banking
sector

According to the latest financial stability reports published by the
Deutsche Bundesbank and the ECB in November 2019, the
German financial system remains vulnerable to weak economic
development. Although there are still no alarming signs of
declining lending standards or excessive credit growth, future
risks could be underestimated and the value of loan collateral such
as real estate overestimated. An unexpected economic slump and
an abrupt rise in risk premiums would result in substantial losses
from bad debts and could have a severe impact on the banking
sector. Germany would also be exposed to significant risks in the
event of a sudden rise in interest rates. This is attributable to the
expansion of maturity transformation undertaken by banks in
order to stabilise their income from interest business. Almost half
of the new housing loans granted in 2019 have a fixed interest
period of more than ten years.

The financial stability reports also indicate that the profitability
of the German banking sector is still relatively low. The
cost/income ratio of German banks is seen as the key weakness
when assessing their earnings situation. According to data from
the latest risk assessment conducted by the EBA, this is essentially
a revenue problem rather than a cost problem. Further spending
cuts would have to be implemented for Germany to survive in
international competition, but this would seem difficult to achieve
given the highly competitive nature of the banking structure and
the urgent need for investment in new technologies.

In contrast to the cost situation, the earnings of German banks
relative to their total assets are the lowest in the eurozone. The
most important contribution to banks’ operating income is
generally made by interest-related business. While net interest
income, the balance of interest income and interest expense, rose
year on year, it is still below its long-term average. Increased
revenues could only be achieved by not only raising lending rates
and fees but also introducing negative interest rates for customer
deposits on a broad basis. Even the ECB’s decision to introduce a
two-tier system for reserve remuneration that exempts part of
banks’ excess liquidity holdings from the negative deposit rate will
do little to change the negative consequences of the low interest
rate environment. The introduction of negative interest rates for a
growing number of customers, especially wealthy customers, is
therefore being considered.

The stabilisation of net interest income in 2019 was only
achieved through volume growth and not by expanding tight
margins. This will not change in the coming months. The
possibilities for generating revenues from trading activities are still
very limited. All
challenge given the cut-throat competition in Germany. The same

in all, increasing earnings represents a major

applies to improving the quality of revenues, not just their volume.
As a result, the profits of German banks are unlikely to increase on
average in the foreseeable future.

The German banking market is in general facing a major
upheaval. The next decade will see a drastic reduction in the
number of institutions and even more intense competition. This is
because more and more global
companies, foreign banks and market infrastructure providers

technology groups, fintech

such as stock exchanges, clearing houses and information service
providers are now offering traditional banking products.


--- Page 21 ---

ur Sharehi

Corporate Responsibility

67 Basis of the

e

82 nt pe

Management Report

Risk Re Financial Statements Further Information

ort
formance

85 Outlook and opportunities report

Due to the earnings problems, cost reduction remains the main
issue for German banks. The digitalisation of business processes
will therefore proceed at a rapid pace, not least so that banks can
compete for customers who expect easy-to-use, seamlessly
integrated product solutions. Up to now, many banks have
generally concentrated more on the pure digitalisation of
processes rather than on actively exploiting the data generated
and the potential added value that results. In the future, big data
will therefore become massively more important in the financial
services sector. The same applies to IT security. The protection of
data networks and appropriate staff training are an ongoing
process for the banking sector. The same applies to ensuring
compliance with the legal and regulatory requirements.

With the current EU banking package, further key elements of
the Basel 3 framework are now being implemented at European
level through amendments to the Capital Requirements Regulation
(CRR II) and Capital Requirements Directive (CRD V). The new
rules include more risk-sensitive capital requirements, particularly
with regard to market risk, and the introduction of a binding
leverage ratio and a binding structural liquidity ratio. In addition,
banks must in future hold a minimum amount of capital that is
available to cover losses in the event of restructuring or resolution.
Fulfilment of the additional Pillar 2 capital requirement has been
simplified. From 2021 onwards, around 44% of this requirement
can be covered by additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital and Tier 2
capital, instead of exclusively with Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1)
capital as was previously the case.

However, the entry into force of the EU banking package
referred to above does not mean that the reform of European
banking regulation has been completed. The European
Commission has already started work on CRR III and CRD VI,
which will implement new approaches for calculating risk-
weighted assets and thus the capital requirements for credit risk,
abolish the model-based approach for operational risk, revise the
procedure for calculating credit value adjustments in derivatives
business and introduce a lower limit for the capital requirement
(output floor) for institutions that calculate their risks using
internal models. According to the EBA, this output floor will
significantly increase capital requirements, especially for global
systemically important institutions in the EU.

The capital buffers introduced for the first time under Basel 3
also serve the goal of strengthening banks’ ability to absorb losses.
Such macroprudential measures are designed to make the
financial system as a whole more crisis-resistant, thus better
the real One of these tools is the

protecting economy.

countercyclical capital buffer. It is designed to counteract

excessive restrictions on lending in downturns and excessive

expansion in upturns.

In response to the existing cyclical systemic risks, BaFin
increased this countercyclical capital buffer from 0% to 0.25% of
risk-weighted domestic exposures as of 1 July 2019. From 1 July
2020, banks must take this premium into account when calculating
their institution-specific buffer rate.

While the German real estate sector is currently booming, and
construction along with it, industry in particular is pessimistic
about the coming months. As already outlined in the section on
the sector environment, the weakness is persisting, particularly in
the export-oriented manufacturing sector that is so important to
Germany’s economic performance. Further declines in exports will
hit banks’ this
backdrop, business with corporate and small-business customers

interest and commission business. Against
in Germany is likely to come under increasing pressure.

Local retail customer business, meanwhile, continues to benefit
from robust private consumption and ongoing high demand for
residential mortgages. The latter is being driven by the lack of
affordable housing and the related boom in new building, and in
particular by the persistently low level of interest rates. The labour
market situation is also still favourable at present, although there
are increasing signs of a gradual slowdown. A number of large
companies have announced that they intend to cut jobs in the
future. At the same time, the earnings potential of retail customer
business remains limited due to the strong national competition
among banks and the narrow interest margins. Furthermore, 2020
will again be a year with no sign of a traditional cycle of interest
rate hikes in the eurozone. There is still no prospect of a turning
point in monetary policy or a perceptible steepening of the yield
curve. Banks thus remain exposed on this front, and market
participants’ incentives to place their money in risky investments
are not weakening.

Although the Brexit agreement has been ratified, the ongoing
Brexit process will pose considerable risks for the European
banking sector. On the one hand, if the UK government lowers
regulatory standards to strengthen London as a financial centre,
the competitive position of the banks in the remaining EU
countries would be harmed. On the other hand, if London,
Europe's financial centre, loses its unrestricted access to the
European single market, this will increase fragmentation in
investment banking and profitability will suffer as a result. In the
worst-case scenario, according to the Deutsche Bundesbank,
bottlenecks, frictions and an absence of licenses might mean some
activities have to be shut down entirely.

The Polish banking sector has ultimately proved itself to be

comparatively robust in assessments of financial stability. There
are risks, however, from the growing volumes of unsecured
consumer loans and mortgage loans in zloty.

87

Group Management Report


--- Page 22 ---

Group Management Report

88

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

A law was adopted in July 2019 to support private borrowers in
default. The new law came into force as of January 2020 and
makes it easier for such borrowers to obtain assistance with the
repayment of their real estate loans denominated in Polish zloty
and foreign currency than was previously the case with the
support fund. The monthly support payments were also increased
and extended.

There are currently numerous lawsuits pending in Poland
relating to Swiss franc real estate loans with indexing clauses. At
the beginning of October 2019, the European Court of Justice
(ECJ) issued a judgement on the consequences under Polish law of
an abusive indexing clause. The ECJ did not issue a legal decision
on when an indexing clause may be declared abusive in a given
case. Even after the ECJ decision in October 2019, Polish case law
on loans with indexing clauses has so far been inconsistent
overall. This and the number of judgements handed down since
then are not sufficient for a reliable estimate of future case law.
The banking sector in Poland - and thus also Commerzbank
through its present majority stake in mBank — may therefore be
faced with considerable costs, especially for litigation. The
provisions for these risks may need to be adjusted significantly in
the future.

Climate change is one of the great challenges of our time. From
the perspective of macroprudential supervision, it is crucial that
the financial system proves resilient to the
uncertainties and risks of climate change and that no systemic
risks build up. For this reason, the EBA is thinking about
anchoring climate and environmental risks more firmly in banks’
risk management in the coming years.

Overall, the fundamental transformation of the European

sufficiently

banking system will continue. The sector is now smaller, more
clearly focused on its core functions and less profitable, but
probably also more robust and resilient to future crises. Further
steps on the road to the European banking union will follow. This
includes proposals to ease capital and liquidity restrictions in
multinational banking groups. The political efforts to advance the
European banking union are also supported by a ruling made by
the German Federal Constitutional Court at the end of July 2019,
which states that the European banking union and thus the

responsibility of the ECB in banking supervision is compatible
with German constitutional law.

Traditionally, financial services
integrated universal

distribution, production and infrastructure. With the advent of

have been provided by
banks covering the entire value chain of

digitalisation, a simplified combination of partial services from a
diverse range of providers in the value chain is now also being
offered in the financial services industry. By modularising offers to
perfectly fit specific requirements, customers can enjoy an
uninterrupted shopping experience with no annoying transitions
between the different providers involved. We expect this trend to
also take hold in the financial industry. The interface to the
customer is of paramount importance in modularisation. Whoever
is positioned at this interface will be customers’ primary contact in
the future.

Financial outlook for the

Planned funding measures

Commerzbank anticipates that its capital market funding
requirement over the coming years will be on the order of €10bn.
Commerzbank offers a broad range of products in the capital
market. In addition to unsecured funding instruments (preferred
and non-preferred senior bonds and Tier 2 subordinated debt),
when refinancing Commerzbank can also issue secured funding
instruments, in particular mortgage Pfandbriefe and public-sector
Pfandbriefe. As
Commerzbank’s funding mix. These give Commerzbank stable

such, Pfandbriefe are a key element of

access to long-term funding with cost advantages compared with
unsecured sources of funding. Issuance formats range from large-
volume benchmark bonds to private placements. Commerzbank
does not anticipate any negative effects on the placing of long-
term funding instruments in connection with Brexit.


--- Page 23 ---

ur Shareh Corporate Responsibility Management Report Risk Rey Financial Statements Further Information
67 Basis of the C zl
eport

82 nt performance
85 Outlook and opportunities report

Group maturity profile of capital market issues as at 31 December 2019

€bn

12

8

: n | ] " |

|_| a 6
2020 2021 2022 2023 (2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 >2030

(MM Covered bonds Unsecured bonds I Subordinated debt

By regularly reviewing and adjusting the assumptions used for
liquidity management and the long-term funding requirement,
Commerzbank will continue to respond actively to changes in the
market environment and business performance in order to secure
a comfortable liquidity cushion and an appropriate funding

structure.

Planned investments

Commerzbank plans to invest around €0.7bn in 2020. Two-thirds
of the investments will go towards the ongoing digitalisation of the
Group's products and processes, enabling Commerzbank to
provide its services more efficiently and faster in future. The
remaining third will be for regulatory measures.

Private and Small-Business Customers

The main investment targets for the branch bank in 2020 are the
central initiatives relating to the “Commerzbank 5.0” strategy. In
the Private and Small-Business Customers — segment,
Commerzbank is expanding mobile banking under a mobile first
strategy. It also plans to better exploit the potential offered by the
expanded customer base, with the targeted use of data and
algorithms permitting the creation of customised offerings for
cross- and up-selling. The segment intends to continue acquiring
new customers in 2020. Commerzbank will also digitalise its
products and processes and further simplify the product range. At
the same time, the Bank will maintain a personal presence through
its nationwide branch network and further develop its existing

relationship management model.

In line with the mobile first strategy, the ability to complete
transactions in products on the ONE digital platform is being
increased with the aim of creating a consistent digital and
personal customer experience across all relevant touchpoints.
Another large portion of the investments will go towards the
further expansion of the instalment credit platform and the
digitalisation of the investment business. The banking app is to be
enhanced with securities brokerage functions. A key element of
the investments is the development of marketing and sales
expertise on digital channels, with automated data and control
intelligence designed to enable a targeted customer approach and
continued new customer growth. A new pricing and premium
strategy is intended to give customers more choice and support
profitable growth.

One central component of the strategy involves “making the
customer more digital”. This includes the ability to solve an
increasing number of service issues digitally, particularly via the
app, and developing the app into a fully fledged channel boasting
top usage and interaction statistics.

2020 will
structure of the branch business more efficient and continuing the
development of the The
restructuring of the branch network will move ahead, with a focus

also see further investment devoted to making the

relationship management model.
on opening more city branches. The range of services will
continue to be differentiated by location, with a focus on
maintaining a local presence. The Customer Centre will also be
further expanded.

The implementation of a wide range of regulatory requirements
is also on the agenda for the current year. The aim is to further
minimise the compliance risk.

89

Group Management Report


--- Page 24 ---

Group Management Report

90

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

To this end, there will be a particular focus on investments
relating to the implementation of the EU Price Regulation, further
requirements under the Payment Services Directive (PSD2) and
the digitalisation of the know-your-customer process. Other
investment priorities include the restructuring of securities
processes and adjustments in securities investment advisory
services to meet the requirements of new suitability and
sustainability regulations. In addition, tax compliance in Germany
and abroad must be ensured by implementing the regulatory
requirements in a timely manner and in accordance with the
specifications through automated processes. The integration of
comdirect is also due to begin in the fourth quarter of 2020
following the successful squeeze-out. This will be accompanied by
corresponding investments.

mBank is planning investments in the 2020 financial year to
strengthen its leading competitive position and continue the
optimisation and automation of customer-related and internal
processes. In line with mBank’s business strategy, planned
investments include the further development of bank transactions
such as express transfers, the Payment Assistant to support the
creation of standing orders, and the Personal Finance Manager
with its enhanced expenditure analysis. The mobile banking
application will also be expanded to include financial investment
functions and a new brokerage service, for which development
started in 2019. The expansion of mBank’s online banking
platform will continue in 2020. The navigation will be revised,
money transfers both within Poland and to EU countries will be
simplified, and the platform will be expanded to include tools for
people with visual impairments. A project to accelerate growth in
retail banking in the Czech Republic and Slovakia will also be
continued in 2020. The focus will remain on projects aimed at
continuously increasing process efficiency and optimising costs,
such as the digitalisation of sales processes in corporate customer
business. mBank will also invest in 2020 in measures to implement
regulatory requirements.

Corporate Clients

The investments in the Corporate Clients segment in 2020 will
again be concentrated on the programmes adopted as part of the
“Commerzbank 5.0” strategy. To support growth in the segment’s
Mittelstand, Corporates and
Institutionals — investments will mainly be made in the expansion
of the sales organisation and back office areas in Germany and
other European countries. In particular, the expansion of the
European IT platform will be driven forward to maintain and

core areas) — International

develop competitive products. The programme aims to expand the
market position in Germany and other European countries and
gain market share by aligning growth measures with the
requirements of the sales organisation and customers.

Investments will also be made in extending the sector approach,
which has already been successfully established, to include the
servicing of corporate customers eligible for the capital market.

The digitalisation projects will be continued with the aim of
further increasing the degree of digitalisation and creating more
customer care time by reducing administrative tasks in sales.

The active management of compliance risks will also be further
developed through the expansion of compliance-related processes
in customer business.

IT & Operations
Commerzbank will continue in 2020 with the ongoing optimisation
of the IT structure. There will also be further significant
investment in payment transactions and securities processing. In
mid-2018, Commerzbank entered into a strategic partnership in
payments processing with the payment processing provider
equensWorldline. Elements of the planned integration of the direct
banking subsidiary comdirect will be implemented as part of the
partnership with HSBC Transaction Services GmbH, which is
currently being set up. Through these two IT infrastructure
projects, Commerzbank is continuing to streamline its operations
so that it can concentrate fully on the strategic restructuring. On
the IT side, the focus is on modernising the IT architecture and
putting the technological base on a more professional footing.
Investments to increase automation and boost IT and operational
stability are also planned.

Ever stricter regulatory requirements mean Commerzbank
needs to make further substantial investments in 2020 in order to
comply with national and international standards.

Anticipated liquidity trends

In the fourth quarter of 2019, events on money and capital
markets in the eurozone were again largely dictated by the
monetary policy measures implemented by the ECB to support the
economic recovery in the eurozone and by the political uncertainty
created by trade conflicts and Brexit.

At the end of September 2019, the ECB decided to implement
further central bank measures in response to the economic
slowdown and declining inflation expectations. These measures
include a reduction in the interest rate on the deposit facility by
another 10 basis points to -0.50%, an initially unlimited
resumption of the securities purchase programme at a monthly
pace of €20bn as of 1November 2019, adjustments to the
maturity and interest rate of TLTRO III (targeted longer-term
refinancing operations) and the introduction of a two-tier system
for minimum reserve remuneration.


--- Page 25 ---

ur Sharehi

Corporate Responsibility Management Report

67 Basis of the

eport
nt perform

82

Risk Re Financial Statements Further Information

nce

85 Outlook and opportunities report

Under the two-tier system, the minimum reserve itself and
other central bank deposits up to a multiple of six times the
minimum reserve are exempt from the negative deposit facility
rate. The ECB may change either the remuneration rate and/or the
multiplier at any time. The two-tier system will at least mitigate
the detrimental effects of the negative interest rate policy on
banks’ earnings.

Owing to the high excess liquidity in the market, the volume of
longer-term securities repo transactions is restricted. The short-
term repo market is functioning smoothly, however, and plays an
important role in serving the bond and cash markets. Collateral is
expected to become even tighter as a result of the introduction of
mandatory bilateral margin requirements for over-the-counter
(OTC) derivatives. This requirement comes into full effect for all
market participants concerned at the end of 2020. The situation in
the bond markets is strongly influenced by the high surplus
liquidity, ongoing trade conflicts and political uncertainties. This
has led to steady demand for good-quality names. With interest
rates set to remain in negative territory, additional demand will
come from financial investors in search of returns.

Against this backdrop, secondary market liquidity, which has
already been significantly reduced, will remain modest. We expect
German government bond yields to remain very low, even in the
long-term segment (yields are currently negative up to 15 years),
and anticipate persistently high demand from investors for high-
quality securities. In view of this, we believe credit spreads will
remain tight.

Commerzbank’s liquidity management is able to respond
promptly to new market circumstances. Even given the further
uncertainties surrounding Brexit, we still do not expect any
significant impact on our liquidity situation. The Bank has a

comfortable liquidity position that is above internal limits and the
currently applicable requirements prescribed by the German
Liquidity Regulation and MaRisk.

Managing opportunities at
Commerzbank

The demands placed on modern, sustainable banking business
and the overall framework conditions have changed markedly in
the past few years. Whereas personal customer relationship
management was formerly a key element of banking, these days
customers expect multi-channel advisory services, digital financial
offerings and individual, tailor-made products. We have responded
to this in recent years through our strategic orientation: in both
the Private and Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients
market segments we have gained new customers, pushed ahead
with digitalisation projects and built an agile delivery organisation
with Campus 2.0.

Against the backdrop of persistently low interest rates and
subdued economic expectations, we launched the new
“Commerzbank 5.0” strategic programme in September 2019. The
measures adopted under the programme give us the opportunity
to continue actively shaping our future. The main focus of
“Commerzbank 5.0” is on expanding mobile banking in
combination with a strong branch presence, bundling digital
competencies by integrating comdirect, strengthening sales and
increasing efficiency in corporate customer business. It also
includes plans to invest heavily in digitalisation, IT infrastructure
and growth, significantly reduce the Group's cost base by 2023
and embed social responsibility more strongly in the business
model. The further development of the strategy should contribute
to further growth in customers, assets and income by 2023, even
in a market environment that is set to become even more difficult.

Information on the planned strategic measures in the Private
and Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients segments
can be found in “Objectives and strategy” on page 67 ff.

We will further transform the Bank into a digital enterprise
across all segments. This restructuring will affect strategy,
technology, competence and culture. We will actively drive
digitalisation in our banking business, enabling us to offer our
customers speed, security and convenience when it comes to
technological applications. For some time now we have been
involved in start-ups, both directly and through our subsidiaries
CommerzVentures and Main Incubator and the digitalisation
platform #openspace. We support entrepreneurs and in so doing
keep our finger on the pulse of tomorrow's innovations.
#openspace is a digitalisation partner for small and medium-sized
German businesses. In addition to supporting Commerzbank's
customers, #openspace also helps other small and medium-sized
businesses overcome the challenges of the digital world and
successfully exploit the opportunities it presents. Customers are
offered tailor-made solutions for all phases of the digital
transformation. Main Incubator GmbH, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Commerzbank, is a research and development unit within the
Bank. It addresses future technologies and their impact on
financial services. Technical innovations are introduced into the
Group through three channels: ventures — strategic (early-stage)
investments in technology-driven start-ups; prototyping —
development of own prototypes based on future technologies
considered relevant; and community building — early identific
of tech trends, with work currently under way on topics such as
artificial intelligence, biometrics, big data, the cloud, the Internet
of Things, machine learning, robotics and quantum computing.

‘ion

Commerzbank works to encourage its own employees to
engage in the kind of entrepreneurial thinking that distinguishes
start-ups.

Group Management Report


--- Page 26 ---

Group Management Report

92

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

The Digital Campus has become the engine driving the
Commerzbank transformation, where we test and develop new,
agile working methods and modern forms of cooperation. With the
experience gained, the Campus 2.0 project was launched on 1 July
2019. The cluster delivery organisation was introduced at head
office for this purpose. Agile working teams (cells) will take the
place of traditional hierarchies. The cells are multi-functional,
combining both specialist and IT
independently in numerous clusters to develop new products and
processes in specific areas. This new cluster organisation has
fewer interfaces, less complexity and fewer dependencies,
meaning that sales staff receive functioning solutions more quickly
and are able to focus entirely on customers’ needs.

Sustainability and environmental issues and the achievement of
the Paris climate targets are also becoming more important for

expertise, and work

Commerzbank than ever before. We will also help our customers
achieve enhanced sustainability in future with a greener product
range. For instance, private customers have recently been given
the chance to take out green mortgage loans. In corporate
customer business, Commerzbank will align its loan portfolio more
closely with sustainability criteria and help our customers to
enhance the sustainability of their business model as well.

Anticipated performance of the
Commerzbank Group

With the adoption of the new “Commerzbank 5.0” strategic
programme in autumn 2019, Commerzbank has set a course that
will enable it to permanently secure its competitive position in its
core market of Germany and further expand it in the long term.
The Bank is laying the foundations for further business growth — in
terms of customer numbers, business volumes and hence
operating income - through investments in the ongoing
digitalisation of the business model and the modernisation of its IT
infrastructure. Commerzbank also plans to exploit efficiency
potential in all business areas in order to substantially and
sustainably reduce the Group’s cost base. These measures are
ultimately aimed at further increasing the Bank’s resilience to an
anticipated further deterioration in the market and banking
environment, enabling it to emerge all the stronger in the long
term.

Commerzbank does not expect to see any significant
improvement in the very challenging conditions for the German
banking sector even beyond the 2020 forecast period. This is
manifested, for example, in the assumption that extremely low or
negative interest rates will remain a substantial burden in the
current and coming years and, combined with ongoing intense

competition, will continue to exert pressure on margins.

In view of the comparatively weak economic momentum that is
expected, effective management of all risks will remain very
important.

The following forecast for the 2020 financial year is based on
the assumption that the planned sale of the stake in the Polish
subsidiary mBank will be concluded in the current year and will
take effect by the end of 2020. In line with this assumption,
mBank’s income statement will again be shown in Commerzbank’s
12 months of the 2020
financial year. However, a separate detailed forecast of mBank’s

Group financial statements for the full

earnings components is not provided in the following comments
on the anticipated performance of individual earnings components
and the anticipated performance of the segments. One-off effects
relating to the sale of the mBank stake are not included in this
forecast either. Overall, we expect mBank to report a positive
earnings performance, a disproportionately low increase in
operating expenses compared with the increase in earnings and
an increase in its risk result in the 2020 financial year.
Commerzbank therefore expects mBank’s overall contribution to
the Group’s operating profit to be significantly higher than in the
previous year.

Despite the very challenging environment, Commerzbank is
aiming to keep total operating income at least stable in the current
financial year. Compensating for the adverse effects on earnings
resulting from further declines in interest rates in the domestic
loan portfolio and the impact of negative interest rates on liquidity
deposits held with the ECB remains a key strategic focus. As in
previous years, both core business areas are therefore aiming to
generate positive earnings effects from new business through
further growth. Commerzbank is anticipating an increase in the
risk result, which also reflects the expected volume growth in the
loan portfolios. With the quality of the broadly diversified loan
portfolios still considered to be robust, however, the increase
should be limited provided there is no unexpectedly severe
deterioration in the global economic outlook. Two opposing trends
are expected for total operating expenses (including compulsory
contributions). The digitalisation of the service offering and
business processes should lead to further efficiency gains.
However, the implementation of measures under — the
“Commerzbank 5.0” strategy programme will result in high
investment requirements, meaning that total operating expenses
are set to rise above the 2019 level. Overall, Commerzbank is
aiming to achieve an operating profit close to the previous year’s
level in 2020 - even without taking effects relating to the sale of
the mBank stake into account.


--- Page 27 ---

ur Sharehi

Corporate Responsibility

67 Basis of the

e

82 nt pe

Management Report

Risk Re Financial Statements

Further Information

ort
formance

85 Outlook and opportunities report

Anticipated performance of individual earnings
components

As the key source of income, net interest income is of prime
importance. Despite the assumption that interest rates will remain
negative, Commerzbank is aiming to at least match the previous
year’s level through the planned further expansion of its lending
volume. As in previous years, both the core segments Private and
Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients are targeting
loan portfolio growth at least in line with the market — which
would mean further slight gains in market share for parts of the
overall portfolio. The increase in lending volume is a response to
the continuing pressure on margins in Germany. In both private
and corporate customer business, maturing loans with higher
interest rates will usually only be able to be replaced with new
business at lower rates. As well as asset margins falling due to
competition, it is also likely to become increasingly difficult to
generate higher income in deposit business through measures
taken as part of asset/liability management. Interest losses from
deposit business will be offset by charging negative interest on
very high credit balances held by private and corporate customers.
We expect net commission income to increase slightly this
year. Following on from the very good performance in 2019,
commission income in securities and asset management business
with private and small-business customers should at least match
the previous year’s level provided there are no phases of excessive
volatility on the financial markets. The same applies to capital
market business with institutional and corporate customers on the
primary and secondary markets. We expect significant earnings
gains in payment transactions due to new product offerings that
give customers added value at appropriate prices.
liabil
measured at fair value through profit or loss, Commerzbank will

In terms of net income from financial assets and

S

stick with its risk-oriented, client-focused approach in order to
achieve a contribution to earnings that is as high and as stable as
possible. Thi:

is difficult to plan, however, given the uncertainties
surrounding the performance and volatility of the global capital
markets. Similar circumstances may also be reflected in the fair
value result in one period, whereas the interest component
dominates in another, resulting over time in possible shifts to net
interest income, and vice versa.

Experience has shown that the other income items, including
realised profit or losses on financial instruments and other net
income, are often affected by one-off income and measurement
effects, which are hard to forecast.

Such non-recurring income items were non-material in 2019
and are expected to remain at a similar level in 2020.

The risk result is expected to remain at a favourable level by
historical standards. The figure under the baseline scenario is
expected to be more than €650m, taking into account the weaker
economic environment. This assessment is based on the very low
level of problem loans, continuing strict standards in new lending
business, the dominant share of highly collateralised loans in retail
business and risk management in corporate customer business,
which has proven successful over a period of many years.

Operating expenses (including compulsory contributions)
should again benefit from continued strict cost management in
2020, leading to a slight decrease overall. This should help offset
regulatory costs that are expected to be at least as high as in the
previous year. At the same time, it is important to start
implementing the planned strategic investment measures
designed to strengthen future growth and earnings potential and
exploit the considerable efficiency potential as early as possible
this year. Extensive investments, which will also extend into
subsequent years, will target a range of areas including the
continued digitalisation of the service offering, distribution
channels and underlying processes, and the fundamental
modernisation of the IT infrastructure. While some of the planned
measures will be recognised directly through profit or loss in the
current financial year, some of the expenses can be capitalised
and depreciated over the useful life of the assets created. Strategic
investments are likely to have an impact of up to €0.2bn on the
cost base in 2020. Total operating expenses for the Group as a
whole are therefore expected to be slightly higher year on year.
Commerzbank also plans to create provisions for restructuring
expenses in the current reporting period, mainly for unavoidable
adjustments to future staffing levels and the downsizing of the
branch network accompanying the shift to mobile banking
distribution channels in the coming years. Depending on the
progress of negotiations with employee representative bodies over
the course of the year, it is possible that the majority of the
charges to the income statement resulting from the
“Commerzbank 5.0” strategy programme will already be incurred
in the 2020 financial year. This will lay the foundation for
increasing and sustainably improving profitability in the coming
years through a combination of earnings growth and cost

reductions.

93

Group Management Report


--- Page 28 ---

Group Management Report

94

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Anticipated segment performance

With regard to the Private and Small-Business Customers (PSBC)
segment, the following comments on anticipated performance are
essentially limited to domestic activities; detailed forecasts are not
provided for mBank due to the planned sale of Commerzbank’s
stake during the course of the year. However, mBank is expected
to make another significant contribution to the operating profit of
the PSBC segment in 2020, set to be even higher in relative terms
than in the previous year. This is based on the expectation of
significantly higher income at the Polish subsidiary, which will
probably more than offset the increase in both the risk result and
operating expenses (including compulsory contributions) of
mBank.

Important strategic decisions will have to be made this year to
enable development of the business model in the PSBC segment,
further consolidate Commerzbank’s position in the German
banking market, and strengthen both profitability and efficiency
through steady earnings growth and reduced operating costs in
the medium term. As part of the “Commerzbank 5.0” strategy
programme, significant investment funds will be made available in
2020 and beyond to allow the Bank to focus strongly on digital

distribution channels in future following the progress made in
establishing a multi-channel bank. The mobile first strategy aims
to use the already high and accelerating level of interaction with
the mobile channel, which is available around the clock, to the
mutual advantage of customers and Commerzbank. Analyses of
the information available as a result of the large number of contact
points will increasingly allow us to offer all customer groups
highly individualised solutions featuring products and services
that are appropriate to each customer’s situation. This should
enable us to exploit further earnings potential through a higher
level of activity and better penetration of the existing customer
base, while keeping Commerzbank attractive for new customers
with its combination of simple, transparent products and personal
service. Product and service offerings and pricing will be even
better aligned in future. This will give customers greater choice,
enabling them to supplement basic services, some of which will
remain free of charge, with specific services that are appropriately
priced in relation to the benefits they provide. Even greater
attention will be paid to small-business and wealth management
customers, who expect and are granted access to particularly
sophisticated, personally tailored premium services.

Commerzbank intends to actively counter the continuing
pressure on margins in Germany also in this year by growing
customer numbers and business volume faster than its competitors.
With more than 200,000 net new domestic customers, the net
annual increase in customer numbers is expected to be lower than
on average in the period from 2016 to 2019.

New income from the forecast growth in lending and deposit
volumes will therefore be generated by existing customers to a
higher relative extent than in previous years. In lending business,
a significant increase in new business in higher-margin consumer
financing, supported by increased use of the online distribution
channel, should make a higher contribution to earnings. However,
real estate financing, in which growth has outstripped the market
considerably in recent years, will remain a cornerstone of the
PSBC growth strategy. Higher income is also expected from small-
business customers. The new relationship management model is
expected to boost business volumes, primarily in respect of
customers’ corporate business. The new model is also aimed at
smaller SMEs with annual sales of up to €15m. In payment
transaction services, the share of higher-value product offerings is
expected to increase significantly. Coupled with greater customer
activity, this should generate higher income. Securities business
and asset management in particular for affluent clients and in
wealth management should benefit from greater penetration of
premium products that combine personal service with the use of
advanced technologies. Additional new business can also be
expected from customers with very high deposit balances, who are
shifting their liquidity to investments to avoid credit balance fees.
Depending on the amount of the credit balance, Commerzbank
may instead opt to pass on the negative interest rates imposed by
the ECB via individual agreements. In the longer term, securities
business will also benefit from comdirect’s special expertise in this
area, which is set to become available to all PSBC customers over
time. However, the comdirect integration, which is expected to
begin in the second half of the year, is unlikely to lead to any
notable short-term contribution to earnings as a result of closer
cooperation. Overall, the PSBC segment expects to record a slight
increase in operating income in 2020. The strategic measures
planned for this year are also designed to offset most of the capital
expenditure required to facilitate the expected future earnings
growth through further efficiency gains. This includes the further
optimisation of the branch network along with the ongoing
digitalisation of products and processes, further steps towards
completion of the central ONE distribution platform and measures
to streamline and simplify the product range. In line with the
anticipated rapid increase in the use of digital channels, with the
mobile distribution channel in particular set to significantly
expand its service offering in the medium term, the relative
weights of the various distribution channels will shift over time.
The first steps towards sustainably reducing the cost base by
streamlining the branch network are expected in 2020. However,

customers will still be able to rely on a largely nationwide branch
presence in the future.


--- Page 29 ---

ur Sharehi

Corporate Responsibility

67 Basis of the

e

82 nt pe

Management Report

Risk Re Financial Statements Further Information

ort
formance

85 Outlook and opportunities report

Positive synergy effects from the integration of comdirect from
the second half of the year onwards are also likely to be minimal.
The PSBC segment expects operating expenses to increase
slightly overall. This includes regulatory costs, which are set to
remain high for the foreseeable future. The increase in the risk
result predicted for the PSBC segment as a whole is related to the
lending volume, which
maintaining risk costs at such a low level, historically low in some

is growing as expected. However,

cases, is not expected. Nevertheless, we believe that the loan
portfolios should remain resilient even in a less favourable
economic environment. Overall, the PSBC segment is expected to
achieve a lower or at best stable operating result in 2020 even
taking into account the one-off effects from the sale of ebase in
2019. Both the operating return on equity and the cost/income
ratio are therefore likely to be fairly unchanged or slightly weaker.

In implementing the “Commerzbank 5.0” strategy programme,
the Corporate Clients (CC) segment will also continue to focus on
growth and profitability initiatives aimed at expanding business
volume and acquiring new customers. The Bank’s leading position
in numerous areas of business with German SMEs is to be further
improved by stepping up sales activities and further strengthening
the risk functions. Special attention will be paid to smaller SMEs
with turnover of between €15m and €100m, which particularly
appreciate the local proximity of a bank with a nationwide
presence. Building on our core competences, the CC segment is
also targeting selective expansion of our business with larger SME
customers in the eurozone. The established sector approach will
also be extended to other large German and European corporate
clients, leading to improved customer penetration and profitability
for the business. Realigning the loan portfolio over the long term
to focus increasingly on financing investments relating to
sustainability, such as projects aimed at reducing CO2 emissions,
offers considerable potential. Commerzbank has already begun
building up expertise in this area. Commerzbank’s foreign trade
financing solutions, payment transaction services in numerous
currency areas and risk management hedging products remain the
driving force behind the targeted volume growth in lending and
capital market business. Achieving growth while conserving equity
is becoming an increasingly important condition in this regard.
The Bank is also aiming to broaden the net customer base for all
customer groups. Business growth will remain necessary in the
difficult interest rate environment to counter the ongoing decline
in interest margins and still achieve the targeted slight increase in
operating income.

Passing on negative interest rates should offset the losses in
deposit business. The strategic investments planned to consolidate
the growth strategy will lead to an increase in the cost base in the
2020 financial year that is unlikely to be fully offset by further
measures to improve efficiency. These measures include the
ongoing digital transformation of advisory and distribution
processes and the digitalisation of the product range, which will
generate increased cost savings over time. There is also significant
efficiency potential to be leveraged in IT through the planned
consolidation of the European IT platforms and the simplification
of the infrastructure. The CC segment is expecting total operating
expenses (including compulsory contributions) to be slightly
higher overall. The significantly higher risk result predicted for the
current financial year reflects the higher degree of uncertainty and
risk with regard to economic performance. The basic assumption
is a scenario with no significant weakening of economic conditions
either domestically or globally. The portfolio quality is still
considered to be robust overall due to the broad diversification in
the loan portfolios. Even in the event of a deterioration in
individual industrial sectors, the increase in risk costs should
remain limited and not exceed the extent of the increase in the
previous year. With operating expenses and risk costs rising, and
income set to increase only slightly, the CC segment is expecting
operating profit to remain stable at best year on year in 2020. The
cost/income ratio and the operating return on equity are therefore
not expected to exceed the previous year’s level.

General statement on the outlook for the Group

For the 2020 financial year, Commerzbank has set itself the goal of
implementing key strategic initiatives, even if these initially have a
net negative impact on the earnings position. The external
environment, which is still considered to be very challenging, is
also likely to have a dampening effect on business and earnings
performance this year. Changes with regard to the unfavourable
interest rate and competitive environment are considered to be

just as unlikely as an end to the pressure on margins, particularly
in lending business. Commerzbank nevertheless expects income
to be at least stable overall in the current financial year. A slight
increase in total operating expenses (including compulsory
contributions) is planned due to the significant impact of
investment expenses. We also expect a slight increase in the risk
result. Depending on earnings performance, this will result in an
operating profit close to the previous year’s level, with a

corresponding impact on the cost/income ratio.

95

Group Management Report


--- Page 30 ---

Group Management Report

96

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

The items that do not contribute to operating profit primarily
relate to provisions for restructuring measures. These could have a
substantial impact on income, although the exact amount will
depend on the progress of negotiations with the employee
representative bodies. If the negotiations can be successfully
concluded, full recognition of restructuring expenses, estimated at
a total of around €850m over the two-year period from 2019 to
2020, should not be ruled out. A provision of €101m was already
set up in the reporting year. Profit from discontinued operations,
which again includes profit contributions from the former Equity
Markets & Commodities division, is expected to make a small
positive contribution.

We expect to post a profit in 2020 even without the effects
related to the sale of mBank. However, depending on the amount
of restructuring expenses booked, consolidated profit may be
significantly lower than in the previous year. Consequently, the
return on equity and economic value added would both also be
lower than in the previous year.

Commerzbank’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is largely based on
the capital requirements resulting from the Supervisory Review
and Evaluation Process (SREP) carried out by the ECB as the
responsible
appropriate by Commerzbank’s management to cover potential
stress situations. Commerzbank expects the capital buffer for
other systemically important institutions (D-SIB) defined by the
German bank supervisor BaFin, which is currently 1.5% and
forms part of the SREP requirement, to be reduced in the
foreseeable future. If the sale of the stake in mBank is completed
as planned by the end of 2020, Commerzbank believes that the
D-SIB capital buffer could be reduced by half a percentage point

supervisory authority, plus a buffer deemed

to 1.0% with effect from the 2021 financial year. Commerzbank is
targeting an unchanged Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of at least
12.75% for the end of 2020, which is significantly above the
regulatory requirement imposed by the ECB.

We plan to use the 2020 profit mainly to further strengthen the
capital base through earnings retention. Given what is considered
a sufficiently comfortable capital position at Commerzbank, we
expect to be able to propose a dividend for 2020 with a payout
ratio comparable to that of the dividend for 2019.

In recent years, Commerzbank has strengthened its resilience
through a range of measures such as significantly increasing its
capital base. Nonetheless, there are numerous risk factors that
could affect the 2020 profit forecast to a considerable, though not
reliably quantifiable extent should events take an unfavourable
turn. These include the geopolitical situation, which continues to
be marked by great uncertainty, and increased global economic
risks - especially against the background of the as yet
unforeseeable economic impact of the coronavirus. There is still a
latent threat of trade conflicts between the economic blocs of
Europe, North America and Asia, while the consequences of the
UK’s withdrawal from the EU will depend on the course of further

negotiations. Sharply rising volatilities and strong corrections on
the capital markets cannot be ruled out. Valuation levels remain
very high by historical standards on both the international equity
and bond markets following the large price gains seen in 2019.
Central banks remain an important factor influencing financial
stability and the outlook for the banking sector. Their future scope,
even with unconventional monetary policy measures, for
influencing inflation rates and expectations to the desired extent
and without harmful side effects, appears to be becoming
increasingly exhausted. The economic outlook is now somewhat
gloomier. If it were to darken significantly, however, Germany's
internationally connected economy could be particularly hard hit,
resulting in risk costs in lending business that are much higher
than expected. Other risk factors include unfavourable trends in
the regulatory or legal environment, which could delay the impact
of the intended cost improvements, and a further tightening of the
competitive situation in Germany. If margins were to fall further to
levels that are unattractive from a risk/return perspective, this
could considerably constrain Commerzbank’s profitability. For
further information on other risks, see the Group Risk Report,
page 127 ff.

Group Risk Report

The Group Risk Report is a separate reporting section in the
Annual Report. It forms part of the Group Management Report.


--- Page 31 ---

Group Risk Report

» In the Group Risk Report, we give a comprehensive presentation of the risks
we are exposed to. We provide a detailed insight into the organisation and key
processes of our risk management. Our primary aim is to ensure that all risks
in Commerzbank are fully identified, monitored and managed based on
adequate procedures at all times.

Group Risk Report


--- Page 32 ---

Group Risk Report

98 Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

99

100

106

119

122

125

127

Contents

Executive summary 2019

Risk-oriented overall bank management

100
101
103
103
105

Risk management organisation

Risk strategy and risk management
Risk ratios

Risk-bearing capacity and stress testing

Regulatory environment

Default risk

106
107
111

116

Strategy and organisation

Risk management

Commerzbank Group

114 Private and Small-Business Customers segment
115. Corporate Clients segment

Further portfolio analyses

Market risk

119
120
120
122
122

Strategy and organisation
Risk management
Trading book

Banking book

Market liquidity risk

Liquidity risk

123
123
123
124
124
124

Strategy and organisation

Risk management

Liquidity risk model
Quantification and stress testing
Liquidity reserves

Liquidity ratios

Operational risk

125
125

Strategy and organisation

Risk management

Other risks

127
129
131
131
132
132
133
133

Legal risk
Compliance risk
Reputational risk

IT risk

Cyber risk

Human resources risk
Business strategy risk
Model risk


--- Page 33 ---

urther Inform,

Risk Report inancia

To our Share pility Management R

99 Executive Summary 2019

Executive summary 2019

Risk-bearing capacity ratio stood at 161% as at 31 December Risk-bearing capacity
2019 €bn 193% 161% RBC ratio
27 24

« The risk-bearing capacity ratio remains well above the mini-
: 14 15 HD Risk coverage potential
mum requirement.
Economically

. A d capital
e The decline in risk coverage potential compared with Decem- required capita

ber 2018 is mainly due to methodological adjustments made on 1218 12/119

the basis of the ECB’s new ICAAP guidelines.

Dissolution of the Asset & Capital Recovery segment EaD
€bn

© The ACR segment was dissolved on 1 July 2019 following the

Group Risk Report

successful winding down of assets over the last few years. 8 HE Commercial Real Estate
. + Ship F
e The remaining portfolios were transferred to Others and Con- ip Binance
on . + Public Fi
solidation and to the Private and Small-Business Customers BM Public Finance
segment, 12/18 1209
Risk result for the Group amounted to €-620m Risk result
€m
© The risk result relating to the Group’s lending business in 2019
amounted to €-620m.
© From the present perspective, the risk result for the year 2020 446 = 620 ME Group
as a whole will therefore not be less than €650m. Hi | |
1218 1219
Market risk in the trading book decreased in 2019 VaR
€m
e The Value-at-Risk decreased from €10m to €6m over the year.
© VaR in the trading book is at a historical low. 10 1 Group
6
Confidence level 99%
Holding period 1 day
12/18 129
Operational risks decreased year-on-year Risk-weighted assets from operational risks
€bn
° In 2019 risk-weighted assets from operational risks decreased
from €21.4bn to €18.7bn, due also to the model adjustment 214 18.7
approved by the supervisory authority in calculating risk-
weighted assets for operational risks. I Group
° The total charge for OpRisk events increased from €30m to 12/18 1219

€127m compared with the previous year.


--- Page 34 ---

Group Risk Report

100

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Risk-oriented

overall bank management

Commerzbank defines risk as the danger of possible losses or
profits foregone due to internal or external factors. In risk
management, we normally distinguish between quantifiable and
non-quantifiable types of risk. Quantifiable risks are those to which
a value can normally be attached in financial statements or in
regulatory capital requirements,
include compliance and reputational risk.

while non-quantifiable risks

Risk management organisation

Commerzbank regards risk management as a task for the whole
Bank. The Chief Risk Officer (CRO) is responsible for developing
and implementing the Group’s risk policy guidelines for
quantifiable risks, laid down by the Board of Managing Directors,
as well as for measuring these risks. The CRO regularly reports to
the full Board of Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board’s

Risk Committee on the overall risk situation within the Group.

The risk management organisation comprises Group Credit
Risk Management, Group Credit, Group Market Risk Management
and Group Risk Controlling & Capital Management. All divisions
have a direct reporting line to the CRO.

On 1 January 2020, Commerzbank established the new Group
division “Group Cyber Risk & Information Security”, which is also
part of the risk management organisation and has a direct reporting
line to the CRO.

It is Group Compliance’s responsibility to establish appropriate
governance, procedures and systems to avoid the Bank being
unintentionally endangered as a consequence of compliance risks.
This includes the risks associated with money laundering, terrorist
financing, sanctions and embargoes, markets compliance, and
fraud and corruption. Group Compliance is led by the Chief
Compliance Officer, who reports directly to the member of the
Board of Managing Directors with responsibility for Group
Compliance.

Risk Management Function

v Vv

Group Credit Risk

Management Group Kredit

Vv Vv
G Risk
Group Market Risk roup Ris!
Controlling & Capital
Management
Management

The full Board of Managing Directors has exclusive responsibility
for fundamental strategic decisions. The Board of Managing Direc-
tors has delegated operative risk management to committees.
Under the relevant rules of procedure, these are the Group Credit
Committee, the Group Market Risk Committee, the Group OpRisk
Committee and the Group Strategic Risk Committee, which decides
on risk issues of an overarching nature. The CRO chairs all these
committees and has the right of veto. The CRO is also a member of
the central Asset Liability Committee. Here the CRO also has a right
of veto on certain topics (e.g. liquidity risk issues).

The tasks and competencies of the respective committees are
described below:

The Group Credit Committee is

committee for operative credit risk management, comprising two

the decision-making

representatives each from the back office and front office. The
Group Credit Committee operates on the basis of the credit risk
strategy. It takes decisions in line with the competencies delegated
to it by the full Board of Managing Directors.

The Group Market Risk Committee monitors market risk
throughout the Group and manages limit requirements in line with
risk-bearing capacity. To do this, all market risks from the trading
and banking book are analysed to identify risks early and for active
risk management purposes. The focus here is on optimising the
risk/return profile.


--- Page 35 ---

s Corporat ponsibility Management Report

The Group OpRisk Committee (OpRiskCo) is responsible for
managing operational risks within the Group and in this regard
acts as the highest escalation and decision-making committee
below the full Board of Managing Directors. The OpRiskCo also
addresses all important regulatory issues that arise in connection
with the management of operational risks and the implementation
of the advanced measurement approach within the Group. In
addition, it deals with standards on governance and assessing the
functioning of the Internal Control System (ICS) within the
Commerzbank Group. Details about the ICS can be found in the
section on operational risks.

The Group Strategic Risk Committee acts as the discussion
and decision-making committee for all types of risk, and its main
objective is to monitor and manage risks at portfolio level. This
covers risk measurement, risk transparency and risk management.

The central Asset Liability Committee (ALCO) is the
Commerzbank Group committee responsible for the Group-wide
and integrated management of financial resources, namely capital,
liquidity and balance sheet structure as well as net interest
income, in accordance with the regulatory framework. The ALCO
monitors in particular the Group's risk-bearing capacity and as
such plays an important part in the Internal Capital Adequacy
Assessment Process (ICAAP). The ALCO resolves the recovery
plan. Resolutions of the central ALCO are presented to the full
Board of Managing Directors for confirmation. In case of violation
of a recovery plan indicator, the ALCO plays a central role
regarding the escalation, the estimation of the situation and the
introduction of measures.

Moreover, risk issues are dealt with in the Supervisory Board’s
Risk Committee and in the Risk & Analytics Executive Committee:

The Supervisory Board's Risk Committee is the Bank’s highest
risk committee. It comprises at least 5 Supervisory Board
members. The Risk Committee’s tasks include monitoring the risk
management system and dealing with all risks, particularly with
regard to market, credit and operational risk as well as
reputational risk. The Risk Committee determines the type, scope,
format and frequency of the information that must be presented to
the Board of Managing Directors about strategy and risk.

The Risk & Analytics Executive Committee is the discussion
and decision-making committee within the risk function and Big
Data & Advanced Analytics. It is responsible in particular for the
organisation and strategic development of risk management and
for creating and maintaining a uniform risk culture. It also ensures
that the Group risk strategy and the resolutions of the full Board of
Managing Directors are implemented in the risk function.

Compliance topics are dealt with in the Global Compliance
Board (GCB). The GCB has been established as a forum to share
updates on major compliance topics and supervisory actions
regarding compliance in the Bank. Furthermore, the GCB serves
as information platform for segments and functions about

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Informatio

99
100. Risk-oriented overall bank management

utive Summary 2019

compliance culture, changes in compliance regulations, updates of
compliance-related policies and their implications.

Risk strategy and risk management

The overall risk strategy, in line with the business strategy,
governs the strategic risk focus of the Commerzbank Group. It sets
the risk appetite as the maximum risk that the Bank is prepared
and able to accept while following its business objectives without
exposing itself to existential threats over and above the risks
inherent in the business. The guiding idea is to ensure that the
Group holds sufficient liquidity and capital. Based on these
requirements, suitable limits are defined for the risk resources of
capital and liquidity available to the Group. The overarching limits
of the overall risk strategy are consistent with the indicator
thresholds of the recovery plan.

Banks’ core functions as transformers of liquidity and risk
result in inevitable threats that can in extreme cases endanger the
continued existence of the institution. For Commerzbank, in view
of its business model, these inherent existential threats include the
default of Germany, Poland (until the sale of mBank), one or more
of the other major EU countries (France, Italy, Spain or the UK,
although Brexit is not deemed to be a default) or the default of the
USA. Italy is an idiosyncratic special case due to the major legacy
exposures to the Italian government, while in the other countries
existential threats would arise from the impact of a government
default on banks and companies and the repercussions for the
other EU countries. Moreover, inherent threats include a deep
recession lasting several years with serious repercussions for the
German economy, a bank run and the collapse of global clearing
houses or the foreign exchange markets, possibly triggered by a
cyber attack. In general, cyber risk includes certain scenarios as
the business environment becomes more digitised which under
certain circumstance can cause damage and could therefore be
significant for Commerzbank.

When pursuing its business targets, the Bank accepts these
existential threats. It may be necessary to adjust the business
model and hence the business and risk strategies in the medium
and long term if the full Board of Managing Directors’ assessment
of these threats to Commerzbank changes substantially. To the
extent that it is able to do so, Commerzbank makes early prepara-
tions in anticipation of forthcoming changes in regulatory require-
ments and accounting standards. Such changes and their (retro-
spective) interpretation may have lasting implications for — and
even threaten the survival of - Commerzbank’s business model.
Commerzbank accepts these regulatory risks because there are
many cases where there is no option to mitigate or manage them.

The overall risk strategy covers all material risks to which
Commerzbank is exposed. It is updated annually or on an ad hoc
basis as required and set out in further detail in the form of sub-

Group Risk Report


--- Page 36 ---

Group Risk Report

102

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

risk strategies for the risk types which are material. These are then
specified and made operational through policies, regulations and
instructions/guidelines. By means of the upstream risk inventory
process, Commerzbank ensures that all risk types of relevance to
the Group are identified and their materiality assessed. The
assessment of the materiality of a risk is based on whether its
occurrence could have a major direct or indirect impact on the
Bank’s risk-bearing capacity.

As part of the planning process, the Board of Managing
Directors decides how much of the risk coverage potential of the
Group should be utilised. On that basis, individual types of
quantifiable risk contributing to the capital requirements are
limited in a second stage. A capital framework is allocated to the
management-relevant through the planning process.
Compliance with limits and guidelines is monitored during the

units

year, and management measures are put in place where required.
In addition, further qualitative and quantitative early warning
indicators are established in the overall risk strategy. Potential
negative developments can be identified at an early stage with the
help of these indicators.

One of the primary tasks of risk management is the avoidance
of risk concentrations. These can arise from the synchronous
movement of risk positions both within a single risk type (intra-
risk concentrations) and across different risk types (inter-risk
concentrations). The latter result from common risk drivers or
from interactions between different risk drivers of different risk
types.

By establishing adequate risk management and controlling
processes, Commerzbank provides for the
assessment, management, monitoring and communication of

identification,

material risks and related risk concentrations. This ensures that all
Commerzbank-specific risk concentrations are taken into account
in its risk management. Stress tests are regularly used to ensure
transparency regarding risk concentrations. The structure of the
scenarios and the integrated approach ensure that the impact of
adverse scenarios on portfolio priorities and risk concentrations
are examined in a targeted manner. Management is regularly
informed about the results of the analyses so that the potential risk
of losses can be avoided in good time.

The Group Risk & Capital Monitor is the monthly risk report,
designed for management purposes, on capital, credit risk, market
risk, liquidity risk and OpRisk topics within Commerzbank risk
management. It shows all the above risk types, including

economic and regulatory risk-bearing capacity, for the Commerz-
bank Group. The report's aims include providing the full Board of
Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee
with transparent and comprehensive information, highlighting
important developments from a risk perspective and setting
management measures. The report is also used in particular to
monitor limits and guidelines within the overall risk strategy.
Responsibility for approving the overall risk strategy and the
Group Risk & Capital Monitor lies with the full Board of Managing
Directors.

Commerzbank has adopted a code of conduct that defines bind-
ing minimum standards for Commerzbank’s corporate responsibi-
lity, its dealings with customers, business partners and colleagues,
and its day-to-day business. It goes without saying that the Bank
complies with relevant laws, regulatory requirements, industry
standards and internal rules, and this therefore forms a particularly
important part of its risk culture. It actively requires employees to
behave appropriately, courageously, with integrity and in compli-
ance with rules, and any failure to comply with rules is penalised.
Expanded procedures ensure that misconduct is evaluated in a
uniform and fair manner, strengthening consequence management
ona long-term basis.

The main pillar of the Bank’s overall risk management and
culture is the concept of three lines of defence, which is a core
element of the Corporate Charter. Under the three lines of defence
principle, protecting against undesirable risks is an activity that is
not restricted to the risk function. Each unit (segment or function)
forms the first line of defence within its area of operational
responsibility and is directly responsible for identifying and
managing risks within it while complying with the prescribed risk

standards and policies. For example, the front office forms the first
line of defence in all business decisions and has to take risk
aspects into account in reaching them. The second line of defence
for each type of risk lays down standards for appropriate
management of risks of that type, monitors this and ensures the
application of such standards, and analyses and evaluates the
risks. The risk function forms the second line of defence against
credit and market risks associated with business decisions.

Particularly for credit risk, this includes involvement in the credit

decision process by means of a second vote. Units outside the risk
function (e.g. Group Compliance and Group Finance) also operate
as the second line of defence for certain risk types. The third line

of defence is Internal Audit.


--- Page 37 ---

Corporate Responsibility Management

Risk ratios

Commerzbank uses a comprehensive system of ratios and proce-
dures for measuring, managing and limiting various types of risk.
The most important of these are listed below:

Economically required capital is the amount, corresponding to a
high confidence level (currently 99.90% at Commerzbank), that
will cover unexpected losses arising from risk positions.

The risk-bearing capacity ratio (RBC ratio) indicates the
excess coverage of the economically required capital by the risk
coverage potential. Risk-bearing capacity is deemed to be
assured as long as the RBC ratio is higher than 100%.

Exposure at default (EaD) is the expected exposure amount
taking into account a potential (partial) drawing of open lines and
contingent liabilities that will adversely affect risk-bearing capacity
in the event of default. EaD is hereinafter also referred to as
“exposure”.

Expected loss (EL) measures the potential loss on a loan
portfolio that can be expected within one year on the basis of
historical loss data.

Risk den: is the ratio of expected loss to exposure at default
and thus represents the relative risk content of an exposure or a
portfolio.

Value at risk (VaR) is a methodology for quantifying risk. It
involves setting a holding period (such as one day) and a confi-
dence level (such as 97.5%). The VaR value then denotes the
relevant loss threshold that will not be exceeded within the holding
period with a probability in line with the confidence level.

Credit value at risk (CVaR) is the economic capital require-
ment for credit risk with a confidence level of 99.90%. The term

results from the application of the value at risk concept to credit
risk measurement. Credit VaR is an estimate of the amount by
which losses from credit risks could potentially exceed the
expected loss within a single year, ie. unexpected loss. The idea
behind this approach is that expected loss simply represents the
long-term average of lending losses, but this may vary (positively
or negatively) from actual credit losses for the current financial
year.

In relation to bulk risk, the “all-in” concept comprises all
customer credit lines approved by the Bank in their full amount —
irrespective of the loan utilisation to date. It is independent of
statistically modelled parameters to the greatest possible extent
and comprises internal as well as external credit lines.

Financial Statements Furt

er Informa

Risk Report
99. Executive Summary 2019

100 Risk-oriented overall bank management
06 Default risk
t risk

Risk-bearing capacity
and stress testing

Risk-bearing capacity analysis is a key part of overall bank
management and Commerzbank’s ICAAP. The purpose is to ensure
that sufficient capital is held at all times.

At the beginning of 2019 the risk-bearing capacity concept was
adapted to the new requirements of the ICAAP and ILAAP guide-
lines published by the ECB on 9 November 2018. In particular, this
involved changing the economic approach from a gone concern
approach to a going concern approach.

When determining the economically required capital, allo-
wance is made for potential unexpected fluctuations in value.
Where such fluctuations exceed forecasts, they must be covered
by the available economic capital to absorb unexpected losses
(risk coverage potential).
components that absorb losses in the going concern approach is
taken into account in determining the economic risk coverage
potential.

The capital requirement for the risks taken is quantified using

Only the economic value of equity

the internal economic capital model. All risk types of the
Commerzbank Group classified as significant and quantifiable
within the annual risk inventory are taken into account when
determining the economically required capital. The economic risk
approach therefore also comprises risk types that are not included
in the regulatory requirements for banks’ capital adequacy. The
model also reflects diversification effects incorporating all types of
risk. The confidence level for the calculation of economically
required capital is 99.90% and is harmonised with the going
concern approach. The quantifiable significant risks in the econo-
mic capital model are divided into default risk, market risk, opera-
tional risk and (not separately disclosed in the table on page 104)
business risk and property value change risk. Business risk is the
risk of a potential loss resulting from deviations in actual income
and expense from the respective budgeted figures. Business risk is
used to substantiate a higher-level management buffer that ensures
the responsiveness of capital management. Physical asset risk is
the risk of an unexpected fall in the value of owned property which
is either already recognised as an asset in the Group’s balance
sheet or which can be recognised during the next 12 months under
contractually assured obligations with option character (especially
real estate). The risk inventory 2019 reclassified the risk of
unlisted investments from a previously independent significant

103

Group Risk Report


--- Page 38 ---

Group Risk Report

104

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

risk type to a significant sub-risk type below market risk and this
risk is therefore now included in market risk. Reserve risk fell
below the materiality threshold and has now been classified as a
non-significant risk sub-type. Allowance is made for this risk by
means of a risk buffer when considering risk-bearing capacity. The
are shown using the

results of the risk-bearing capacity analysis
risk-bearing capacity ratio (RBC ratio), indicating the excess of the
risk coverage potential in relation to the economically required
capital.

Risk-bearing capacity is monitored and managed monthly at
Group level. Risk-bearing capacity is deemed to be assured as
long as the RBC ratio is higher than 100%. In 2019, the RBC ratio
was consistently above 100% and stood at 161% on 31 December
2019. The decline in risk coverage potential compared with
December 2018 is mainly due to methodological adjustments
made on the basis of the ECB’s new ICAAP guidelines (including
the exclusion of subordinated capital components). The RBC ratio
remains well above the minimum requirement.

Risk-bearing capacity Group 31.12.2018"
€bn Old method

Economic risk coverage potential 24 27
Economically required capital 15 14
thereof for default risk 10 10
thereof for market risk? 4 3
thereof for operational risk 1 2
thereof diversification effects -2 -2
RBC ratio (%)* 161 193

1 Confidence level as from 31 March 2019: 99.90%; as at 31 December 2018: 99.91%

? Including physical asset risk, risk of unlisted investments and risk buffer for reserve
risk and (from 2019) the quantification of potential fluctuations in value of goodwill and
intangibles.

3 Including deposit model risk.

“ RBC ratio = economic risk coverage potential/economically required capital (including
risk buffer).

Commerzbank uses macroeconomic stress tests to review the risk-
bearing capacity in the event of assumed adverse changes in the
economic environment. The underlying scenarios take into account
the interdependence of the development of the real economy and
the financial economy. They are updated quarterly and approved by
the ALCO. The scenarios describe an extraordinary but plausible
adverse development in the economy, focusing in particular on

portfolio priorities (e.g. export-based sectors in Germany) and
business strategies of relevance to Commerzbank. Stress tests in
the economic perspective cover a time horizon of 12 months. The
scenario simulation is run quarterly at Group level using the input
parameters of the economic capital requirements calculation for all
material and quantifiable risk types. In addition to the capital
required, the income statement is also subjected to a stress test
based on the macroeconomic scenarios. Based on this, changes in
the risk coverage potential are simulated. Whereas the RBC ratio is
embedded into Commerzbank’s limit system, guidelines for risk-
bearing capacity are set as an early warning system in the stressed
environment. The ongoing monitoring of the limits and guidelines
is a key part of internal reporting. Defined escalations are triggered
if the limits are breached.

The risk-bearing capacity and stress testing concept is subject
to an annual internal review and is refined on an ongoing basi:
The development of the regulatory environment is also taken into
account. In addition to the regular stress tests, reverse stress tests
are implemented annually at Group level. Unlike regular stress
testing, the result of the simulation —- a sustained threat to the
Bank — is determined in advance. The aim of the analysis process
in the reverse stress test is to improve the transparency of Bank-
specific risk potential and interactions of risk by identifying and
assessing extreme scenarios and events. On this basis, for
instance, action fields in risk management including the regular
stress tests can be identified and taken into account in the ongoing
development efforts.

In 2019, the risk-weighted assets resulting from Commerz-
bank’s business activities increased from €180bn to €182bn.

In the Asset & Capital Recovery (ACR) segment, the Bank had
bundled the activities of the Commercial Real Estate and Ship
Finance areas and complex financings from the Public Finance
area for the purpose of completely winding down the portfolios in
these areas over time. The ACR segment was dissolved on 1 July
2019 following the successful winding down of assets over the last
few years, with the remaining portfolios transferred to Others and
Consolidation and to the Private and Small-Business Customers
segment.

The table below gives an overview of the distribution of risk-
weighted assets, broken down by segment and risk type:


--- Page 39 ---

Responsibility

Management

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Informatio

99 Executive Si
100. Risk-oriented overall bank management
06 D

mmar

Risk-weighted assets Default Market Opera‘ Total Default Market —Operatio- Total

€bn risk risk nal risk risk risk nal risk

Private and Small-Business

Customers 41 1 5 47 36 1 5 41

Corporate Clients 82 5 8 96 79 6 11 97

Asset & Capital Recovery 9 2 1 12
Commercial Real Estate 1 0 1 2
Ship Finance 0 0 0 1
Public Finance 8 2 0 9

Others and Consolidation 29 5 5 39 23 3 4 30

Group 152 1 19 182 147 12 21 180

Regulatory environment

With Basel 3, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision pub-
lished among other things comprehensive rules on the components
of equity and equity ratios as well as the management of liquidity
risk. The Capital Requirements Directive and Regulation, con-
stituting the European implementation of Basel 3, has been in force
since 1 January 2014, with the more stringent capital requirements
being phased in up to 2019. Numerous supplementary regulations
have since been published by the European Banking Authority
(EBA) in particular, and these will now gradually enter into force;
this will continue in subsequent years. Commerzbank has mitigated
the more stringent capital adequacy requirements by taking a
number of steps.

In addition, under Basel 3 the leverage ratio has been intro-
duced as a new and non-risk-sensitive debt ratio. Commerzbank
has set its own leverage ratio targets and applies them in its capital
management process.

The phasing in of capital buffers is a significant feature of the
Basel 3 revision, which has now been completed. The capital
conservation buffer, the buffer for other systemically relevant
institutions and the countercyclical capital buffer, which the
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) has again set at
0% for German exposures for 2019, have applied since 1 January
2016. The buffer for other systemically relevant institutions was
again set by BaFin for Commerzbank at 1% for 2019.

Liquidity risk is to be monitored by means of the liquidity
coverage ratio (LCR) and the net stable funding ratio (NSFR). The
LCR entered into force on 1 October 2015 and is binding on all
European banks. The final version of the NSFR, which was
approved by the Basel Committee in October 2014, was trans-
posed into European law as part of the Capital Requirements
Regulation II (CRR II) and will become binding from 2021.
Commerzbank is already calculating both ratios as part of its
regulatory reporting processes, communicating them in its inter-
nal reporting and reporting them to the supervisory authority.

The CRR II was published together with the Capital Require-
ments Directive (CRD V) as part of the Risk Reduction Package in
the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. As a
European directive, CRD V requires transposition into national law
within 18 months. The legislation implements, among other
things, the Basel Committee’s requirements on leverage ratio, net
stable funding ratio, regulations on trading book and large
exposures, and the treatment of investment funds. While some
regulations are already directly effective, large parts of the
regulation will only become binding in 2020 or later. In addition,
numerous specifications have yet to be made by the EBA.

The ECB, in its capacity as the supervisory authority for the
eurozone banks directly supervised by it, has conducted the
annual Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) and
specified individual minimum capital requirements for each bank.

The aim of the ECB project is to harmonise RWA-relevant
models for market, counterparty and credit risk that fall within the
scope of the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM). In particular,
the scope for interpretation permitted by the regulations or arising
due to differences in national application is to be significantly
reduced in future. The relevant guides include rules that are to be
enacted in future and wide-ranging independent interpretations.
In addition to a thematic inclusion of the “General Topics”,
reviews of the counterparty risk, the internal market risk model
and the retail, mortgage lending, SME, large corporates and bank
portfolios were carried out between 2017 and 2019. With the
exception of the bank portfolio, the final reports have been
delivered.

For market and counterparty risk, final decisions have been
received, for retail, mortgage lending and SME, Commerzbank has
received new draft decisions following the completion of the
review process at the ECB’s Audit Committee and has commented
on them in due time, final decisions are outstanding. For large
corporates and banks we expect final decisions in 2020.

105

Group Risk Report


--- Page 40 ---

Group Risk Report

106

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

The EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive has been in
force since mid-2014. Responsibility for the drafting of resolution
plans and the resolution of at-risk banks supervised by the ECB
was transferred to the Single Resolution Board (SRB) in Brussels
with effect from 1 January 2016. At the same time, eurozone banks
started to fund the Single Resolution Fund. The SRB defines the
formal minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities
(MREL) for the banks under its responsibility on a consolidated
and individual basis.

The legal basis for setting MREL and TLAC was revised at
European level and published on 7 June 2019 as part of the Risk
Reduction Package in the form of the Single Resolution Mecha-
nism Regulation (SRMR ID), the Bank Recovery and Resolution
Directive II (BRRD II) and the CRR II. The BRRD II as a European
directive requires implementation into national law within 18
months. The amendments include, among other things, adjust-
ments to the calculation logic and, for certain banks, a statutory
subordination requirement for parts of MREL. Most of the new
regulations will come into force in December 2020.

The Group-wide recovery plan was updated in 2019 to reflect
the regulatory requirements. The recovery plan describes in detail
for instance the courses of action and recovery potential available
to the Bank in the event of a crisis and which specific recovery
measures, in various stress scenarios, will enable the Bank to
complete its recovery.

Commerzbank operates in markets subject to national and
supranational regulation. In addition, it is subject to the over-

Default risk

Default risk is defined as the risk of losses sustained or profits
foregone due to the default of a counterparty. It is a quantifiable
material risk and includes the sub-risk types of credit default risk,
issuer risk, counterparty risk, country and transfer risk, dilution
risk and reserve risk.

arching requirements imposed by accounting standards. Changes
in regulatory requirements and accounting standards have
significantly grown in frequency and materiality in recent years.
They may have lasting implications for the financial industry in
general and Commerzbank’s business model in particular.
Commerzbank participates actively and at an early stage in the
consultation processes aimed at preparing for the constant changes
in the operating environment. It also monitors and evaluates
current developments as regards future regulatory projects.
Specific examples of these at global level are the final standards for
revising capital requirements for market risk now published by the
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, and the revision of the
framework for operational risk and credit risk, including the
associated floor rules and disclosure requirements (“Basel 4)”. At
European level, Commerzbank is monitoring among other things

the implementation of Basel 4 as well as European Commission

initiatives to introduce a European deposit insurance scheme and
establish a capital markets union.

The regulatory environment also remains challenging with
regard to compliance risks. The focus here remains unchanged on
the subject anti-money laundering (including
implementation of the 5th and 6th EU Anti-Money Laundering

areas of

Directive) and sanctions. In addition, anti-bribery and corruption
(including the United Kingdom Bribery Act, the United States
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act) and market compliance (primarily
US regulations, such as the Dodd-Frank Act, CFTC Regulations)
are putting further risk types into the regulatory focus.

Strategy and organisation

The credit risk strategy is the sub-risk strategy for default risks
and is derived from the overall risk strategy. It is embedded in the
ICAAP process of the Commerzbank Group and forms a link
between the Bank’s overall risk management across all risk types

and the operationalisation of default risk management. The


--- Page 41 ---

ur Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

overriding aim is to ensure the adequate quality of the credit
portfolio. To this end, the credit risk strategy defines the credit risk
tolerance, specifies risk strategy priorities, provides an overview of
the material credit risk management concepts and thereby plays
an integral part in maintaining the Group’s risk-bearing capacity.
The credit risk strategy makes use of quantitative and qualitative
management tools that give decision-makers clear guidance on
both portfolio management and decisions in specific cases.

Credit risk management is a joint task of the front office and
the risk function, based on a standardised Group-wide credit risk
culture. Impeccable moral and ethical conduct in compliance with
the law and regulations is a key element of a culture of integrity
and core to the credit risk culture. Default risks are assessed
against uniform standards, regardless of segment limits. In line
with the three lines of defence principle, the front office is the first
line of defence and must take risk aspects into account when
taking business decisions. The risk function (back office and Risk
Controlling) is the second line of defence, its fundamental task
being to manage, limit and monitor risks. The third line of defence
is Internal Audit. It is tasked with independently auditing the
Bank’s processes and safeguards, and as such also assesses the
activities of the first and second lines of defence.

The Group Credit Committee is the highest decision-making
committee for operative credit risk management, comprising two
representatives each from the back office and front office. It takes
decisions in line with the competencies delegated to it by the full
Board of Managing Directors and is responsible for managing all
credit risks. In so doing, the Group Credit Committee operates on
the basis of the valid credit risk strategy. Reporting to the Group
Credit Committee are sub-credit committees, which operate on the
basis of their respective rules of procedure and within the
competencies approved by the full Board of Managing Directors.
They comprise at least two representatives from the segments and
two representatives from Group Risk Management. The sub-credit
committees are responsible for managing all credit risks in the
sub-portfolios within their respective remit and are entitled, in
turn, to sub-delegate certain credit decisions within their
prescribed competencies.

Discrete back-office areas are responsible for operational credit
risk management at portfolio level and on a case-by-case basis.
The responsibilities are separated between the performing loan
area on the one hand and Intensive Care on the other. All credit

decisions in the performing loan area are risk/return decisions.
The front and back office take joint responsibility for risk and
return from an exposure, with the front office having primary
responsibility for the return, and the back office for the risk.
Accordingly, neither office can be overruled in its primary
responsibility in the credit decision process.

Higher-risk customers are handled by specialist Intensive Care
areas. The customers are moved to these areas as soon as they
meet defined criteria for assignment or mandatory transfer. The

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Informatio

Executive

principal reasons for assignment to Intensive Care areas are
criteria relating to number of days overdrawn, together with event-
related criteria such as rating, third-party enforcement measures
or credit fraud. The Intensive Care function decides on further
action based on the circumstances of individual cases. Customers
must be transferred to Intensive Care if they are in default (for
example due to insolvency). This graduated approach ensures that
higher-risk customers can continue to be managed promptly by
specialists in a manner appropriate to the risks involved and in
defined standardised processes.

Risk management

Commerzbank manages default risk using a comprehensive risk
management system. The management framework comprises an
organisational structure, methods and models, quantitative and
qualitative management tools and regulations and processes. The
risk management system ensures that the entire portfolio and the
sub-portfolios, right down to individual exposure level, are
managed consistently and thoroughly on a top-down basis.

The ratios and measures required for the operational process of
risk management are based on the overarching Group objectives.
The principle of maintaining a low-risk profile in all business
decisions is closely combined here with the risk function’s aim of
providing the front office with appropriate support. The Bank’s
particular preference is for credit growth in granular lending
business with good credit ratings. It also prefers business and
products with low complexity and pays attention to the responsive-
ness of credit lines and exposures.

Quantitative credit risk strategy guidelines limit risks with
regard to poorer credit ratings and exposures with high loss-at-
default contributions (concentration management) and for selected
sub-portfolios with a high risk weight or regulatory importance,
and, as applicable, for individual products with a high portfolio
share. Detailed arrangements for operationalising the guidelines
for selected sub-portfolios are set out in separate portfolio
policies. In addition, qualitative management guidelines in the
form of credit policies define the target business of the Bank. At
the level of individual transactions, they regulate the transaction
type for which the available risk resources are to be used. These
credit policies are firmly embedded in the credit process:
transactions which do not meet the requirements are escalated
through a fixed competence regulation.

Group-wide guiding principles are based on risk-oriented
analyses of trends (e.g. of the development of weaker credit ratings
over time) combined with an assessment of external framework
conditions and internal rules. Risk-oriented analyses on key dates

(e.g. rating profile of individual asset classes) are used in particular
to derive portfolio guiding principles. Trend analyses of product-
specific risk drivers are key factors for determining product guiding

Group Risk Report


--- Page 42 ---

Group Risk Report

108

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

principles (e.g. loan-to-value of mortgage lending). In contrast,
credit and portfolio policies are primarily produced through a
multi-level coordination process involving the product and portfolio
managers from the front and back offices, combined with an
assessment of internal and external information sources.

To monitor compliance with credit risk strategic rules,
continuous monitoring and reporting has also been set up at whole
Group level and at segment or sub-portfolio level. Asset quality
reviews by the risk function make an important contribution here to
quality assurance and early risk detection. The key aspects of
monitoring vary according to the subject matter and target
audience, and ad-hoc reporting processes are in place. In addition,
crisis events may pose a risk to the Bank's capital and liquidity
adequacy and thereby to its risk-bearing capacity. In a crisis, the
Risk Mitigation Task Force will manage decisions flexibly in a
coordinated, Group-wide process. As part of the process,
emergency action plans ensure that risk-mitigation measures are
implemented quickly and efficiently.

The avoidance of risk concentrations is a core strategy of risk
management. Risk concentrations are actively managed in order to
identify at an early stage and contain the increased potential for
loss from the synchronous movement of risk positions. In addition
to exposure-related credit risk concentrations (bulk risks), default
risk also includes country and sector concentrations. Segment-
specific features are taken into account here.

A uniform definition based on “all-in” is used to manage bulk
risk. The all-in concept comprises all customer credit lines appro-
ved by the Bank in their full amount — irrespective of the loan utili-
sation to date.

Management and the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee are
regularly informed about the results of the analyses.

Management of economic capital commitment

Economic capital commitment is managed in order to ensure that
the Commerzbank Group holds sufficient capital. To this end, all
relevant risk types in the overall risk strategy for economic risk
capital are given limits on a Group-wide basis, with, in particular, a
CVaR limit being specified. Due to the systematically restricted
options for reducing default risk on a short-term basis, it is
important to take account of expected trends (medium-term and
long-term) in order to manage credit risk. For this reason, forecast
values of credit risk parameters play a key role in ongoing
management. At segment and business area level, changes to
forecasts are monitored and adjustments made when necessary.
There is no cascaded capital limit concept for credit risk below

Group level.


--- Page 43 ---

To our Shareholders

bility Management R

Risk Report inancia
9 Executive Summary 2
) Risk-orier

106 Default risk
9 Market risk

22. Liquidity ri

Statements urther Informatio

Overview of management instruments and levels

Risk strategies
and policies

Limit and
guideline systems

v

Portfolio monitoring
and reporting

Structures of organisation
and committees

Overall risk strategy
plus sub-risk strategies for
significant risk types

Establishment of a general
risk understanding

and creation of a uniform
risk culture

Definition of Group limits
(across all risk types)

for capital and liquidity
management

Additional definition of
guidelines as key points of
the aspired target portfolio

Group Risk & Capital Monitor
plus risk type specific

Group formats (including
flash reporting)

Uniform, consolidated data
repository as basis for Group
reporting

Ensuring exchange of
information and networking
in committees that operate
across all risk types

Retaining qualified staff in
line with progressive product
innovation or regulatory
adjustments

v

v

v

v

Clear formulation of risk
policy in guidelines
(portfolios, asset classes, etc.)

Differenciated credit authorities
based on compliance of
transactions with the Bank's
risk policy

Performance metrics on
level of risk categories and
sub-portfolios

Expansion of Group-wide
performance metrics

using sub-portfolio-specific
indicators

Portfolio batches as per
established portfolio calendar

Asset quality review and
analysis of High Attention
Parts (HAP)

Trigger monitoring with clear
escalation and reporting lines

Interdisciplinary composition
of segment committees

Ensuring uniform economic
opinions

Rating-dependent and
bulk-sensitive credit authority
regulations with

clear escalation processes

Limitation of bulk risk
and uniform management
according to model-
independent all-in definition

Limit monitoring at
individual exposure level

Monthly report to the Board
of Managing Directors on
the development of bulk risks

Review of individual custom-
ers/exposures resulting from
asset quality review or HAP
analyses

Deal team structures

Institutionalized exchange
within the risk function, also
taking account of economic
developments

Sector-wise organization of
domestic corporate business

109

Group Risk Report


--- Page 44 ---

Group Risk Report

110

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Rating classification

The Commerzbank rating method comprises 25 rating classes for
customers not in default (1.0 to 5.8) and 5 default classes (6.1 to
6.5). The Commerzbank master scale allocates precisely one rating
class, stable over time, to each probability of default. The rating
methods are validated annually and recalibrated where necessary
so that they reflect the latest assessment based on all actual
observed defaults. The probability of default ranges assigned to
the ratings are the same for all portfolios. This ensures internal
comparability consistent with the master scale method. For

Commerzbank master scale

Sie As Gpeeenieeein beaiticee eres

guidance and indicative purposes, the Commerzbank master scale
also shows external ratings as well as credit quality steps in
accordance with Article 136 CRR. However, a direct reconciliation
is not possible, because external ratings of different portfolios
show fluctuating default rates from year to year.

The credit approval authorities of both individual staff and the
committees (full Board of Managing Directors, Credit Committee,
sub-credit committees) are graduated by a range of factors includ-
ing size of exposure and rating class.

Credit quality steps in accordance
with Article 136 CRR"

10 ° ° > AAA > AAA 7 A
12 0.01 0-0.02 > 1
14 0.02 0.02 - 0.03 AAt > J
AA
16 0.04 0.03 - 0.05 AA, AA~ 7
= As, A
18 0.07 0.05 - 0.08 > A ou Investment
2.0 0.11 0.08 - 0.13 A 4 Grade
2.2 0.17 0.13 - 0.21 BBB+ |
24 0.26 0.21-0.31
> BBB BBB > om

2.6 0.39 0.31 - 0.47
28 0.57 0.47 - 0.68 BBB- 4 Vv
3.0 0.81 0.68 - 0.96 BB+ 7 A
3.2 1.14 0.96 - 1.34 > - Sub-
34 1.56 134-181 BB » Ww investment
3.6 2.10 1.81 - 2.40 > grade
3.8 2.74 2.40 = 3.10 BB- zm Vv
4.0 3.50 3.10 - 3.90 B+ 7 A
42 4.35 3.90 - 4.86
44 5.42 4.86 - 6.04 B B > v Non-
4.6 6.74 6.04 - 7.52 investment
48 8.39 752-9.35 A

Be grade
5.0 10.43 9.35 - 11.64 =
5.2 12.98 11.64 - 14.48 7

ccc+ ccc
5.4 16.15 14.48 - 18.01 > vl
5.6 20.09 18.01 - 22.41 ccc, CCC

ccc cc, ¢ v
5.8 47.34 22.41 - 99.99 |
61 A > 90 days past due
62 Imminent insolvency
63 100 Restructuring with recapitalisation D Default
64 Termination without insolvency
65 Insolvency

* CRR = Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No 575/2013


--- Page 45 ---

ur Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Risk mitigation

The collateral taken into account in risk management changed in
the period under review from €104.5bn to €114.1bn for positions
in the Group’s performing portfolio and from €0.9bn to €1.0bn for
positions in the default portfolio.

Commerzbank mitigates credit risk through various measures
including collateral and netting procedures.

Types of collateral include in particular land charges, financial
collateral, guarantees, indemnities, credit derivatives, life insu-
rance policies, other registered liens and other physical collateral.

The Bank takes account of credit risk mitigation effects from the
acceptance of recognisable warranties (guarantees, comparable
claims on third parties) by using the guarantor’s risk parameters
(PD and LGD) and/or the regulatory risk weightings.

As at the reporting date, no loan loss provisions were created
for transactions with a total volume of €5.5bn (31 December 2018:
€5.3bn), as these are entirely collateralised.

Where eligible from a regulatory point of view, guarantors are
subject to a creditworthiness check and rating assignment based
on their sector and business as part of the assessment of their
declaration of liability. The aim of the creditworthiness check is to
establish the guarantor’s creditworthiness and maximum solvency.

The quality of the collateralisation is rigorously checked in line
with regulatory requirements and monitored on an ongoing basis.
This includes in particular checks on legal enforceability and
regular measurement of the collateral, carried out at appropriate
intervals depending on the type of collateral, at least annually or
on an event-driven basis. Positive correlations between the
debtor’s creditworthiness and the value of the collateral or guaran-
tee are defined in the credit and collateral processing process.
Collateral processing for Corporate Clients is performed outside
the front office.

The Bank analyses all credit collateral (physical and personal
collateral) for evidence of collateral concentrations. The analysis
includes checks on various dimensions such as collateral
categories, the borrower's rating classes or regional allocations of
collateral. The full Board of Managing Directors receives regular
information in respect of the above dimensions about changes in
the collateral pool and possible issues/concentrations.

Financial Statements Further Informatio

Risk Report
9 Executive

The measurement and processing of collateral is governed by
generally applicable standards and collateral-specific instructions
(guidelines, process descriptions, IT instructions). Legally verified
standard agreements and models are used wherever possible. The
standards established to hedge or mitigate credit risk include:

e Legal and operational standards for documentation and data
collection and measurement standards.

e Standards to ensure the uniformity and timeliness of collateral
measurement through the definition of measurement processes,
uniform measurement methods, parameters and defined collate-
ral discounts, clear definition of competences and responsibility
for the processing and measurement process, and regular
remeasurement frequencies.

e Other standards to take account of specific risks such as
operational risk, correlation and concentration risk, market
price change risk (e.g. due to currency fluctuations), country
risk, legal and legal change risk and the risk of inadequate

insurance coverage.

Commerzbank Group

Commerzbank focuses its business on two customer segments,
Private and Small-Business Customers (PSBC) and Corporate
Clients (CC). In the Asset & Capital Recovery (ACR) segment, the
Bank had bundled the activities of the Commercial Real Estate and
Ship Finance areas and complex financings from the Public
Finance area for the purpose of completely winding down the
portfolios in these areas over time. The ACR segment was
dissolved on 1 July 2019 following the successful winding down of
assets over the last few years, with the remaining portfolios
transferred to Others and Consolidation and to the Private and
Small-Business Customers segment.

Credit risk parameters
The credit risk parameters in the Commerzbank Group are distri-
buted in the rating classes 1.0 to 5.8 over the segments as follows:

Group Risk Report


--- Page 46 ---

Group Risk Report

112

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected Risk CVaR Exposure Expected Risk CVaR
at default loss density at default loss density
€bn €m bp €m €bn €m bp €m

Private and Small-Business Customers 178 425 24 2,207 165 420 25 2,476
Corporate Clients 184 473 26 4,607 187 467 25 5,458
Asset & Capital Recovery 8 46 57 643
Others and Consolidation’ 83 120 14 3,003 72 35 5 1,790
Group 445 1,017 23 9,817 432 968 22 10,366

Mainly liquidity portfolios of Treasury, and since 1 July 2019 the remaining portfolios of the dissolved ACR segment. The positions as at 31 December 2018
have not been retroactively adjusted

When broken down on the basis of PD ratings, 84% of the Group's

portfolio is in the internal rating classes 1 and 2, which comprise

investment grade.
Rating breakdown EaD | % 1.0-1.8 2.0-2.8 3.0-3.8 40-48 5.05.8 1.0-1.8 2.0-2.8 3.0-3.8 4.0-4.8 5.0-5.8
Private and Small-Business Customers 31 51 14 3 1 32 51 14 3 1
Corporate Clients 20 60 16 3 2 20 59 16 3 1
Asset & Capital Recovery 27 56 8 9 1
Others and Consolidation 51 46 1 0 45 53 1 0 0
Group 30 54 13 2 1 29 55 13 2 1

The Group’s country risk assessment covers both transfer risks and
event risks driven by political and economic events which impact
on the individual economic entities of a country. Country risks are
managed on the basis of transfer risk limits defined at country level.

Country exposures which are significant for Commerzbank due to
their size are handled by the Credit Committee on a separate basis.

The regional breakdown of the exposure corresponds to the
Bank’s strategic direction and reflects the main areas of its global
business activities.

Group portfolio Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
by region at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp
Germany 235 526 22 227 477 21
Western Europe 90 191 21 84 162 19
Central and Eastern Europe 49 207 42 4 197 48
North America 34 32 9 32 54 7
Asia 27 32 12 37 44 12
Other 10 29 29 10 34 33
Group 445 1,017 23 432 968 22

Around half of the Bank’s exposure relates to Germany, another
third to other countries in Europe, 8% to North America and 6%
to Asia. The rest is broadly diversified and is split among a large
number of countries where we serve German exporters in
particular or where Commerzbank has a local presence. The
expected loss of the Group portfolio is mainly divided between

Germany and the other European countries.

In view of current geopolitical developments, national econo-
mies such as Russia, Turkey and China are closely monitored. As
at the end of the fourth quarter of 2019, exposure to Russia was
€2.9bn (31 December 2018: €2.6bn), exposure to Turkey was
€1.7bn (31 December 2018: €1.7bn) and exposure to China was
€3.9bn (31 December 2018: €6.4bn).


--- Page 47 ---

Management R

The sovereign exposures of Italy and Spain are also still closely
monitored as a result of the sovereign debt crisis. As at the end of
the fourth quarter of 2019, Commerzbank’s Italian sovereign expo-
sure was €9.3bn (31 December 2018: €8.4bn), while its Spanish
sovereign exposure was €2.5bn (31 December 2018: €1.3bn).

Risk result
The risk result relating to the Group’s lending business in 2019
amounted to €-620m.

The following table shows the breakdown of the risk result by
stage according to IFRS 9. In Note (32) of the Group financial

t Risk Report

Financia urther Informatio

Summary 2019
00. Risk-oriented overal managemer
106 Default risk
9 Market risk

27 Other risk:

statements (credit risks and credit losses) details regarding the
stages can be found; in Note (11) (risk result) the definition of the
risk result can be found.

Any fluctuations of market values in the shipping portfolio are
not recognised in the risk result. They are recognised in the net
income from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
through profit or loss.

From the present perspective, the risk result for the year 2020
as a whole will therefore not be less than €650m.

Risk result | €m Stage1 Stage 2? Stage 32 Total Stage1 Stage22 Stage 3? Total
Private and Small-Business Customers -21 -9 -223 —253 9 -63 -180 -233
Corporate Clients 20 38 -401 —342 -26 -46 -121 -194
Asset & Capital Recovery 0 2 -25 -24 9 0 -18 -8
Others and Consolidation -6 57 -52 0 -5 -6 i) -11
Group -6 88 -701 -620 -13 -115 -318 -446

1 Retroactively adjusted (see Note 4 to the Group financial statements).

2 Stages 2 and 3 including POCI (POCI ~ purchased or originated credit-impaired).

Default portfolio at 31 December 2019 there were no defaulted securit assigned

The default portfolio declined by €104m year-on-year and
amounted to €3,735m as at 31 December 2019.

The following breakdown of the default portfolio shows the
claims in the default portfolio in the amortised cost and fair value
OCI (other comprehensive income) categories. The loans are
assigned almost exclusively to the amortised cost category, of
which by far the greatest share of €3.5bn (31 December 2018:
€3.6bn) relates to the loans and receivables class and €187m
(31 December 2018: €171m) to off-balance sheet transactions. As

to the securitised debt instruments class (31 December 2018:
€67m fair value OCI category). The collateral shown shall be liable
to the full extent for loans in the amortised cost category, with
€940m (31 December 2018: €876m) relating to loans and
receivables and €37m (31 December 2018: €37m) to off-balance
sheet transactions.

The default portfolio of loans in the fair value OCI category
amounts to €1m (31 December 2018: - ).

Default portfolio Group | €m Loans _ Securities Total Loans _ Securities Total
Default portfolio 3,735 0 3,735 3,769 71 3,839
LLP 1,745 0 1,745 1,606 3 1,609
Coverage ratio excluding collateral (%)? 47 = 47 43 4 42
Collateral 968 0 968 913 0 913
Coverage ratio including collateral (%)2 73 = 73 67 4 66
NPE ratio (%)2 0.9 1.0

* Loan loss provisions.
2 Coverage ratio: LLP (and collateral) as a proportion of the default portfolio.

3 NPE ratio: default portfolio (non-performing exposures ~ NPE) as a proportion of total exposures (EaD including NPE) according to EBA Risk Dashboard.

113

Group Risk Report


--- Page 48 ---

Group Risk Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Commerzbank uses the definition in Article 178 CRR as the
criterion for default. The EBA guidelines on the application of the
definition of default referred to in Article 178 of Regulation (EU)
No 575/2013 are taken into account. The default portfolio is
divided into the following 5 classes based on the nature of the
default:

e Rating class 6.1: Over 90 days past due.
e Rating classes 6.2/6.3: Unlikely-to-pay, or the Bank is a

ting
in financial rescue or distressed restructuring at the customer
by making concessions.

e Rating classes 6.4/6.5: The Bank recalls the loan and the
customer has become insolvent respectively.

The table below shows the breakdown of the default portfolio
based on the 5 rating classes:

Group rating classification | €m 6.1 6.2/6.3 6.4/6.5 Total 6.1 6.2/6.3 6.4/6.5 Total
Default portfolio 522 1,312 1,901 3,735 454 1,280 2,106 3,839
LLP 252 476 1,016 1,745 169 395 1,045 1,609
Collateral 214 353 401 968 173 314 426 913
Coverage ratio including collateral (%) 89 63 75 73 75 55 70 66

Overdrafts in the performing loan book

In order to avoid an increase in the default portfolio, overdrafts are
closely monitored at Commerzbank. In addition to the 90 days-
past-due trigger event, IT-based management of overdrafts starts

on the first day the account is overdrawn. The table below shows
overdrafts outside the default portfolio based on the exposure at
default as at the end of December 2019. The changes may also be
due to short-term overdrafts:

EaD >0<30 >30<60 >60<90 >90 Total >0<30 >30<60 >60<90 >90 Total
€m days days days days days days days days

Private and Small-

Business Customers 1,040 169 51 2 1,262 787 107 57 1 952
Corporate Clients 3,946 182 0 0 4,128 1,948 50 40 0 2,039
Asset & Capital Recovery 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 10
Group’ 4,986 351 51 2 5,390 2,746 157 97 1 3,000

7 Including Others and Consolidation.
Private and Small-Business Customers segment

The Private and

Small-Business Customers segment (PSBC)
comprises the activities of Private Customers, Small-Business
Customers, comdirect bank and Commerz Real. mBank is also in
the Private and Small-Business Customers segment. Private
Customers includes Commerzbank’s branch business in Germany
for private customers as well as Wealth Management. Small-
Business Customers comprises business customers and small

corporate customers.

The focus of the portfolio is on traditional owner-occupied
home financing and the financing of real estate capital invest-
ments (residential mortgage loans and investment properties with
a total EaD of €87bn). We provide our business and small-business
customers with credit in the form of individual loans with a volume
of €23bn. In addition, we meet our customers’ day-to-day demand
for credit with consumer loans (consumer and instalment loans
and credit cards, to a total of €16bn). The portfolio’s expansion in
the last 12 months was largely due to residential mortgage loans.

Compared with the previous year, the risk density of the
portfolio decreased by 1 basis point to 24 basis points.


--- Page 49 ---

© our Shareholder Managem

Risk Report inancial Statements n Informatic

Executive Summ

7 arier _ nanagemer
106 Default risk
7 Market risk
Liquidity ri

Credit risk parameters Exposure at Expected Risk Exposure at Expected Risk
default loss density default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Private Customers 104 159 15 99 177 18
Business Customers 31 73 23 29 67 23
comdirect bank 3 7 23 4 6 7
Commerz Real 1 2 2B 1 2 29
mBank 39 183 47 33 167 50
PSBC 178 425 24 165 420 25

In 2019, the risk result in the Private and Small-Business Custo-
mers segment was €-253m (31 December 2018: €-233m) and

therefore remained at a low level.

The default portfolio in the segment stood at €1,795m as at
31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: €1,751m).

Default portfolio PSBC | €m Loans _ Securities Total Loans _ Securities Total
Default portfolio 1,795 0 1,795 1,751 0 1,751
LLP 895 0 895 850 0 850
Coverage ratio excluding collateral (%) 50 = 50 49 = 49
Collateral 575 0 575 531 0 531
Coverage ratio including collateral (%) 82 = 82 79 = 79

Corporate Clients segment

The Corporate Clients segment (CC) comprises the Group’s activi-
ties with mid-size corporate clients, the public sector, institutional

customers and multinational corporates. The segment is also

responsible for the Group’s relationships with banks and financial
institutions in Germany and abroad, as well as with central banks.
The regional focus of our activities is on Germany and Western
Europe. The Group’s customer-oriented capital markets activities

are also bundled in this segment.

Credit risk parameters Exposure at Expected Risk Exposure at Expected Risk
default loss density default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Mittelstand 79 257 33 74 198 27
International Corporates 68 112 16 68 149 22
Financial Institutions 20 54 27 23 69 30
Other 17 49 29 22 50 23
cc 184 473 26 187 467 25

The EaD of the Corporate Clients segment decreased from €187bn
to €184bn compared with 31 December of the previous year. Risk
density increased from 25 basis points to 26 basis points.

For details of developments in the Financial Institutions
portfolio, please see page 116 f.

Influenced by large individual cases in the international cor-
porates credit business, the risk result in the Corporate Clients

segment in the 2019 financial year (€— 342m) was, as expected, up
on the low figure for the previous year (fiscal year 2018: €- 194m),
in which the segment benefited from large reversals.

The default portfolio in the segment stood at €1,707m as at
31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: €1,736m).

115

Group Risk Report


--- Page 50 ---

Group Risk Report

116

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Default portfolio CC | €m Loans Securities Total Loans Securities Total
Default portfolio 1,707 0 1,707 1,669 67 1,736
LLP 755 0 755 636 3 639
Coverage ratio excluding collateral (Y%) 44 - 44 38 4 37
Collateral 306 0 306 251 0 251
Coverage ratio including collateral (%) 62 - 62 53 4 51

Further portfolio analyses —

The an

es below are independent of the existing segment
allocation. The positions shown are already contained in full in the

Group and segment presentations above.

Corporates portfolio by sector
A breakdown of the corporates exposure by sector is shown

below.

Corporates portfolio by sector Exposure Expected isk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Energy supply/Waste management 21 82 40 18 62 34
Technology/Electrical industry 15 31 21 13 31 24
Consumption 15 49 34 14 54 37
Wholesale 14 47 35 13 48 37
TransporvTourism 12 37 31 "1 30 26
Basic materials/Metals 1 46 ma "1 42 40
Services/Media 10 28 27 10 30 29
Automotive 10 38 39 10 27 28
Chemicals/Plastics 9 46 49 9 41 3
Mechanical engineering 9 26 29 9 24 28
Construction 6 16 28 6 16 28
Pharmaceutical/Healthcare 5 9 20 4 10 24
Other 7 14 21 5 7 13
Total 142 470 33 133 421 32

Financial Institutions portfolio
Our network of correspondent banks continued to focus on trade

finance activi

s on behalf of our corporate customers and on

capital market activities. In derivatives, we enter into trades with
selected counterparties under the European Market Infrastructure
Regulation (EMIR) standards.

We continue to keep a close watch on the impact of regulatory

requirements on banks. In this context, we continue to pursue our

strategy of holding as few exposures as possible which might
absorb losses in the event of a bail-in of an affected institution.

We are keeping a close eye on developments in various coun-
tries affected by specific issues such as recessions, embargoes and
economic uncertainty caused by political events (e.g. trade wars,
Brexit) and are responding with flexible portfolio management that
is tailored to the individual situation of each country. Overall, our
risk appetite is geared to keeping the portfolio as responsive as
possible.


--- Page 51 ---

© our Shareholder Managem

Risk Report inancial Statements n Informatic

Executive Summ

7 arier _ nanagemer
106 Default risk
7 Market risk
Liquidity ri

FI portfolio by region Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density _at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Germany 6 4 7 5 6 12
Western Europe 15 1 8 15 12 8
Central and Eastern Europe 3 15 55 3 7 56
North America 2 0 2 2 1 4
Asia 9 19 22 12 24 21
Other 5 19 38 6 23 40
Total 40 70 18 43 83 19

Non-Bank Financial Institutions portfolio

The Non-Bank Financial Institutions (NBFI) portfolio mainly

comprises insurance companies, asset managers, regulated funds

and central counterparties. Business activities are focused on

Germany, Western Europe and the United States and Asia.
Commerzbank conducts new business with NBFls partly in

consideration of regulatory requirements (clearing via central

in the interests of our institutional

counterparties) and_ part!

customers, with a focus on attractive opportunities with customers
with good credit ratings and valuable security. We manage our
and

portfolios with the aim of ensuring their high quali

responsiveness. We are keeping a close eye on risks stemming
from political events (e.g. Brexit) and are responding with flexible
portfolio management that is tailored to the individual situation.

NBFI portfolio by region Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density —_at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Germany 18 38 21 18 25 14
Western Europe 12 23 20 12 23 19
Central and Eastern Europe 2 19 100 1 8 65
North America 9 12 13 9 24 28
Asia 2 2 13 2 2 13
Other 1 2 23 1 2 31
Total 43 96 22 42 84 20

Originator positions

Commerzbank has in recent years securitised receivables from
loans to the Bank’s customers with a current volume of €5.4bn,
primarily for capital management purposes (31 December 2018:
€5.9bn). In the period under review, the CoCo Finance III-3
transaction was placed with a volume of €1.5bn, mainly on the

basis of receivables from European companies and SMEs.

As at the reporting date 31 December 2019, risk exposures
with a value of €5.0bn (31 December 2018: €5.5bn) were retained.
By far the largest portion of these positions is accounted for by
€4.8bn (31 December 2018: €5.3bn) of senior tranches, which are
nearly all rated good or very good.

Commerzbank volume’

Securitisation pool Maturity Senior Mezzanine First loss piece fF
€bn

Corporates 2025-2036 48 <0.1 0.2 5.4
Total 31.12.2019 48 <0.1 0.2 5.4
Total 31.12.2018 5.3 <0.1 0.1 5.9

» Tranches/retentions (nominal): banking and trading book.

117

Group Risk Report


--- Page 52 ---

Group Risk Report

118

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Conduit exposure and other asset-backed exposures

The Bank provides financing to securitise receivables, in particular
trade and leasing receivables, from customers in the Corporate
Clients segment. In this context, Commerzbank acts mainly as an
arranger of asset-backed securities transactions via the Commerz-
bank-sponsored multi-seller conduit Silver Tower. In view of
regulatory changes and the relocation of the Silver Tower conduit
to Luxembourg, since the beginning of 2019 financing has been
carried out through the direct purchase of funding notes that are
taken onto the Bank’s balance sheet. The volume and risk values for
the securitisation of receivables in the Corporate Clients segment
declined from €3.9bn to €3.5bn in 2019.

Liquidity risks from securitisations are modelled conservatively
in the internal liquidity risk model. In the modelling, a worst-case
assumption is made that Commerzbank will have to take on the
funding of a major part of the purchase facilities provided to its
special-purpose vehicles within the scope of the Silver Tower
conduit. Also, the Bank’s holdings of securitisation transactions
only qualify as liquid assets if they are eligible for rediscount at the
European Central Bank. These positions are only included in the
liquidity risk calculation after applying conservative discounts.

The other asset-backed exposures mainly comprise govern-
ment-guaranteed asset-backed securities (ABS) held by Commerz-
bank Finance & Covered Bond S.A. and Commerzbank AG in
Germany. Over the course of 2019 the volume increased to €4.2bn
(December 2018: €4.0bn) and risk values’ to €4.2bn (December
2018: €3.8bn).

There are also investments in the Structured Credit area. The
volume of new investments entered into since 2014 stood at
€4.9bn (December 2018: €3.8bn). In general, we have traditionally
invested in bonds of senior tranches of securitisation transactions
in the consumer (auto) ABS, UK RMBS and CLO asset classes,
which have a robust structure and a moderate risk profile. At the
end of 2019, this portfolio contained only AAA-rated CLO
positions. Remaining structured credit positions with a volume of
€0.7bn were already in the portfolio prior to 2014 (December
2018: €1.3bn), while risk values stood at €0.3bn (December 2018:
€0.4bn).

Forbearance portfolio
The EBA’s definition of forbearance comprises two requirements,
which have to be met concurrently: The debtor is in financial
difficulties and the measures of the bank to help the debtor
include concessions to the debtor that the bank would not have
agreed to under different circumstances. Examples of concessions
include deferrals, increases in limits or loans and waivers in
connection with restructuring. The definition of forbearance
applies independently of whether the debtor is in the performing
or the non-performing portfolio.

The following table shows Commerzbank’s total forbearance
portfolio on the basis of the EBA definition as well as the loan loss
provisions for these positions:

Forbearance portfolio by segment Forborne LLP LLP Forborne LLP LLP
ratio ratio

€m €m % €m €m %

Private and Small-Business Customers 1,007 198 20 1,062 178 17
Corporate Clients 1,556 178 1 1,507 177 12
Others and Consolidation 176 78 45 902 296 33
Group 2,739 454 17 3,471 651 19

Risk value is the balance sheet value of cash instruments. For long CDS positions, it comprises the nominal value of the reference

instrument less the net present value of the credit derivative.


--- Page 53 ---

s Corporate Responsibility Management Report Risk Report Financial Statements Further Informatio
9 Exe
7 mer
The forbearance portfolio by region is
Forbearance portfolio by region Forborne LLP LLP Forborne LLP LLP
exposure coverage —_ exposure coverage
ratio ratio
em €m % €m €m %
Germany 1,587 189 12 1,927 381 20
Western Europe 218 6 3 720 73 10
Central and Eastern Europe 873 257 29 744 183 25
North America 6 0 2 12 3 23
Asia 6 2 26 5 1 22
Other 48 1 1 62 9 15
Group 2,739 454 17 3,471 651 19

In addition to the loan loss provisions of €454m (31 December
2018: €651m), the risks of the forbearance portfolio are covered
by collateral totalling €816m (31 December 2018: €1,095m).

Market risk

Market risk is the risk of potential financial losses due to changes
in market prices (interest rates, commodities, credit spreads,
exchange rates and equity prices) or in parameters that affect
prices such as volatilities and correlations. Losses may impact
profit or loss directly, e.g. in the case of trading book positions.
However, for banking book positions they are generally reflected

in the revaluation reserve or in hidden liabilities/reserves.

Strategy and

Commerzbank’s market risk strategy is derived from its overall risk
strategy and the business strategies of the individual segments. It
for market relation to

sets targets

Commerzbank’s main business activities. The core market risk

risk management in

management tasks are the identification of all material market
risks and drivers of market risk and the independent measurement
and evaluation of these. The results and estimates serve as the
basis for risk/return-oriented management.

The Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank is respon-
sible for ensuring the effective management of market risk
throughout the Commerzbank Group. Specific levels of authority

and responsibility in relation to market risk management have
been assigned to the appropriate market risk committees.

Various market risk committees have been established within
the Bank. In segment along
representatives from the risk function and finance area, discuss

these, representatives, with
current risk positioning issues and decide on appropriate action.
Chaired by the risk function, the Group Market Risk Committee,
which meets monthly, deals with the Commerzbank Group's
market risk position. Discussions centre on the monthly market
risk report, which is also presented to the Board of Managing
Directors for their consideration. The report summarises the latest
developments on financial markets, the Bank’s positioning and
related risk ratios. The Segment Market Risk Committee focuses
on the Corporate Clients segment and the Group Treasury division.

The risk
measurement, management and monitoring of risks and reporting
on them. It is the responsibility in functional terms of market risk
management, which is independent of trading activities. Central
market risk management is complemented by decentralised market
risk management units at segment level and for regional units and
subsidiaries. The close integration of central and local risk manage-
ment with the business units means that the risk management

management process involves the identification,

process starts in the trading areas themselves. The trading units are
responsible in particular for the active management of market risk
positions, e.g. reduction measures or hedging.

119

Group Risk Report


--- Page 54 ---

Group Risk Report

120

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Risk management

Commerzbank uses a wide range of quantitative and qualitative
tools to manage and monitor market risk. Quantitative limits for
sensitivities, value at risk, stress tests, scenario analyses and ratios
on economic capital limit the market risk. Our comprehensive
rulebook, in the form of market risk policies and guidelines as well
as restrictions on portfolio structure, new products, maturities and
minimum ratings, establishes the qualitative framework for market
risk management. The market risk strategy lays down the
weighting of figures in each segment by reference to their
relevance. Thereby allowance is made for the varying impact of
the parameters for the management of the segments in line with
the business strategy.

Market risk is managed internally at Group level, segment level
and in each segment’s reporting units. A comprehensive internal
limit system broken down to portfolio level is implemented and
forms a core part of internal market risk management.

The quantitative and qualitative factors limiting market risk are
determined by the market risk committees by reference to the
Group’s management of economic capital. The utilisation of these
limits, together with the relevant net income figures, is reported
daily to the Board of Managing Directors and the responsible
heads of the Group divisions. Based on qualitative analyses and
quantitative ratios, the market risk function identifies potential
future risks, anticipates potential financial losses in collaboration
with the finance function, and draws up proposals for further
action, which are discussed with the front office units. Voting on
the proposed measures or risk positions takes place in the above-
mentioned market risk committees and is subsequently submitted
to the Board of Managing Directors for approval.

Risk concentrations are restricted directly using specific limits
or are indirectly avoided, for example, using stress test limits. In
addition, the combination of various conventional risk measures
(e.g. VaR, sensitivities) ensures the appropriate management of
concentration risks. Furthermore, risk drivers are analysed on a
regular basis in order to identify concentrations. The risk
management of existing concentrations is also reviewed using
situation-driven analyses and, where necessary, supplemented by
targeted measures such as limits.

Any limits that are breached are handled in a separate escala-
tion procedure. After a limit breach has been identified, the front
office and risk units design adequate countermeasures. If the limit
breach cannot be remedied within a reasonable period, it will be
escalated by the market risk function to the next hierarchical level.

Regulatory risk measures that are not included in economic
risk-bearing capacity are limited and managed separately. These
include, for example, stressed VaR and incremental risk charge.

In internal management, all positions relevant to market risk
are covered, and trading and banking book positions are jointly
managed. In addition, for regulatory purposes the trading book is
managed separately (in accordance with regulatory requirements,
including currency and commodity risks in the banking book) and
interest rate risks in the banking book are managed on a stand-
alone basis. In order to provide a consistent presentation in this
report, all figures relating to the VaR are based on a confidence
level of 99%, a holding period of one day, equally weighted
market data and a 254-day history.

For the entire book, VaR in 2019 increased by €54m to €89m.
The increase in VaR is due to the sharp rise in volatility on the
interest rate markets in conjunction with an extended Treasury
interest rate position in the banking book, which has led to
extreme scenarios in the VaR calculation.

VaR contribution | €m — 31.12.2019 31.12.2018

Overall book 89 34
thereof trading book 6 10

Trading book

Below, we show how the regulatory market risk ratios of the
trading book portfolio developed. Most of Commerzbank’s trading
book positions derive from the Corporate Clients segment and

Group Treasury division. The VaR figures comprise all risks in the
internal VaR model. Smaller Commerzbank Group entities use
standardised approaches for their regulatory capital calculation
under partial use rules. These figures are not contained in the VaR.
figures shown in this report.

The VaR declined from €10m to €6m over the course of 2019.
VaR in the trading book is at a historical low. This was mainly due
to the sale of the equities business, which was already partially
completed in 2019, as well as a risk reduction in investment
banking business due to changes in positions in the Corporate
Customers segment and Treasury.


--- Page 55 ---

s Corporate Re:

To our Share

ponsibility Management Repo

VaR of portfolios in the
trading book | €m

Minimum 4 6
Mean 7 9
Maximum 1 12
VaR at end of reporting period 6 10

The market risk profile is diversified across all asset classes.

VaR contribution by risk type in the 31.12.2018
trading book | €m

Credit spreads 1

Interest rates

Equities
FX
Commodities
Total

N] wl] r

a| alr] os} a]

10

Further risk ratios are calculated for regulatory capital adequacy.
This includes the calculation of stressed VaR. Stressed VaR is
calculated using the internal model on the basis of the VaR
method described above. The main difference lies in the market

data used to value the assets. Stressed VaR measures the risk in
the present position in the trading book by reference to market
movements from a specified crisis period in the past. The crisis
observation period used for this is checked regularly through

model validation and approval processes and adjusted where
necessary. The crisis observation period remained the same in the
first three months of 2019. Stressed VaR fell from €35m at end-
2018 to €26m at end-2019. This was mainly due to the sale of the
equities business, which was already partially completed in 2019,
as well as a risk reduction in investment banking business due to
changes in positions in the Corporate Customers segment and

Treasury.
The market risk profile in stressed VaR is also diversified across

all asset classes.
ian oman

Stressed VaR contribution by risk
type in the trading book | €m

Credit spreads 5 5
Interest rates 5 12
Equities 5 10
FX 5 4
Commodities 5 4
Total 26 35

Financial Statements urther Informatio

Risk Report
9

mmar

ult risk
119 Market risk
22 Liquidity ris

In addition, the incremental risk charge and the equity event VaR.
figures quantify the risk of deterioration in creditworthiness and
event risks in trading book positions. The incremental risk charge
in the Commerzbank Group declined by €5m to €14m in 2019.
The decline was mainly attributable to changes in positions in the
Corporate Clients segment.

The reliability of the internal model (historical simulation) is
monitored in various ways, including backtesting, on a daily basis.
The VaR calculated is set against actually occurring profits and
losses. The VaR used in backtesting is based on the complete
historical simulation and therefore represents all internal models
used in the market risk VaR calculation of capital adequacy
requirements at Group level. The process draws a distinction
between “clean PSL” and “dirty PSL” backtesting. In the former,
exactly the same positions in the income statement are used as
were used for calculating the VaR. This means that the profits and
losses result only from changes in market prices (hypothetical
changes in the portfolio value). In dirty P&L backtesting, by
contrast, profits and losses from newly concluded and expired
transactions from the day under consideration are also included
(actual profits and losses induced by portfolio value changes).
Profits and losses from valuation adjustments and model reserves
are factored into dirty and clean P&L according to the regulatory
requirements.

If the actual loss exceeds the VaR, it is described as a negative
backtesting outlier. Analysing the results of backtesting provides
an informative basis for checking parameters and for improving
the market risk model. In 2019, we saw no negative clean P&L
outliers and no negative dirty P&L outliers.

The results confirm the quality of the VaR model. Backtesting is

also used by the supervisory authorities for evaluating internal risk

models. Negative outliers are classified by means of a traffic-light
system laid down by the supervisory authorities. All negative
backtesting outliers at Group level (from both clean P&L and dirty
P&L) must be reported to the supervisory authorities, citing their
extent and cause.

As the VaR concept gives a prediction of potential losses assuming
normal market conditions, it is supplemented by stress tests.
These stress tests measure the risk to which Commerzbank is
exposed, based on unlikely but still plausible events. These events
may be simulated using extreme movements on various financial
markets. The key scenarios relate to major changes in credit
spreads, interest rates and yield curves, exchange rates, share
prices and commodities prices. Events simulated in stress tests
include all stock prices falling by 15%, a parallel shift in the yield
curve or changes to the curve’s gradient. Extensive Group-wide
stress tests and scenario analyses are carried out as part of risk

monitoring.

Group Risk Report


--- Page 56 ---

Group Risk Report

122

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

The internal model’s individual components are independently
validated at regular intervals to assess their appropriateness for
risk measurement. The identification and elimination of model
weaknesses are of particular importance in this.

Banking book

The key drivers of market risk in the banking book are the Group
Treasury portfolios, with their credit spread, interest rate and basis
risks, and the positions held by the subsidiary Commerzbank
Finance & Covered Bond S.A.

In market risk management, credit spread sensitivities in the
banking and trading books are considered together. Credit spread
sensitivities (downshift of 1 basis point) for all securities and
derivative positions (excluding loans) were at €49m as at the end
of 2019 (31 December 2018: €41m).

Most credit spread sensitivities were related to securities
positions measured at amortised cost. Changes in market price
have no impact on the revaluation reserve or the income statement
for these positions.

The impact of an interest rate shock on the economic value of
the Group’s banking book is simulated monthly in compliance with
regulatory requirements. In accordance with the EU Banking
Directive, the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority
(BaFin) and the European Central Bank (ECB) have prescribed two
scenarios of uniform, sudden and unexpected changes in interest
rates (+/-200 basis points) to be used by all banks, which have to
report on the results of this stress test every quarter. In the
scenario —200 basis points, the yield curve is floored at 0 (negative
sections of the yield curve are left unchanged).

As a result of the scenario + 200 basis points, a potential loss of
€2,635m as at 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: €1,651m
potential loss) and in the scenario — 200 basis points a potential
profit of €614m (31 December 2018: €230m potential profit) was

determined. Commerzbank does not, therefore, need to be

Liquidity risk

We define liquidity risk in the narrower sense as the risk that
Commerzbank will be unable to meet its payment obligations on a
day-to-day basis. In a broader sense, liquidity risk describes the
risk that future payments cannot be funded for the full amount, in
the required currency or at standard market conditions, as and
when they are due.

classified as a bank with elevated interest rate risk, as the decline
in net present value represents less than 20% of its regulatory
capital.

As at 31 December 2019, the interest rate sensitivity of the
entire banking book (without pension funds)
(31 December 2018: €6.3m) per basis point of interest rate
reduction.

was €9.4m

Pension fund risk is also part of market risk in the banking
book. Our pension fund portfolio comprises a well-diversified
investment section and a section comprising insurance-related
liabilities. The duration of the liabilities is extremely long (cash
outflows modelled over almost 90 years), and the main portion of
the overall portfolio’s present value risk is in maturities of 15 years
and over. The main risk drivers are long-term euro interest rates,
credit spreads and expected euro inflation due to anticipated
pension dynamics. Equity, volatility and foreign exchange risk also
need to be taken into consideration. Diversification effects
between individual risks reduce the overall risk. The extremely
long maturities of these liabilities represent the greatest challenge,
particularly for hedging credit spread risk. This is because there is
insufficient liquidity in the market for corresponding hedging

products.

Market liquidity risk is the risk of the Bank not being able to
liquidate or hedge risky positions in a timely manner, to the
desired extent and on acceptable terms as a result of insufficient
liquidity in the market. Market liquidity risk is taken into account
in Commerzbank’s risk-bearing capacity concept by scaling the
value at risk to one year, i.e. the implicitly recognised liquidation
period. Additional valuation adjustments for market liquidity risk
are also reflected in the calculation of the risk coverage capital.


--- Page 57 ---

‘esponsibility Management

Strategy and organisation

The Board of Managing Directors adopts the business strategy and
the Bank’s risk tolerance, which is associated with it. Liquidity risk
tolerance is then operationalised by defining the liquidity reserve
period and the limit framework. In order to ensure an appropriate
liquidity risk management process, the Board of Managing Direc-
tors delegates certain competences and responsibilities in connec-
tion with the Group-wide liquidity risk strategy to the Risk and
Treasury functions.

The central Asset Liability Committee (ALCO) is responsible for
limiting, analysing and monitoring liquidity risk and for strategic
liquidity positioning. ALCO is

supported by various sub-

committees in this.

Risk management

Commerzbank uses a wide range of tools to manage and monitor
liquidity risks on the basis of its own liquidity risk model. The stress
scenario within the Bank that underlies the model and is relevant
for management purposes allows for the impact of both a bank-
specific stress event and a broader market crisis. Binding
regulatory requirements are an integral component of the manage-
ment mechanism.

Group Treasury is responsible for the Group’s liquidity manage-
ment operations. Group Treasury is represented in all major
locations of the Group in Germany and abroad and has reporting
lines into all subsidiaries. Commerzbank manages its global liquidity
centrally using cash pooling. This approach ensures that liquidity
resources are used efficiently and that this occurs across all time
zones, as Group Treasury units are located in Frankfurt, London,
New York and Singapore. Additional information on this subject can
be found in the “Funding and liquidity of the Commerzbank Group”
section of the Group Management Report. Liquidity risk is
monitored on the basis of the Bank’s own liquidity risk model by the
independent risk function.

The Bank has established early warning indicators for the pur-
pose of managing liquidity risk. These ensure that appropriate
steps can be taken in good time to secure long-term financial
solidity.

Risk concentrations can lead to increased outflows of liquidity,
particularly in a stress situation, and thus to increased liquidity
risk. They can, for example, occur with regard to maturities, large
individual creditors or currencies. By means of ongoing monitor-

Risk Report Financial Statements Furt

99 stiv

managemer

t risk
iquidity risk
serational risk
ne

Li

ing and reporting, emerging risk concentrations in funding can be
recognised in a timely manner and mitigated through suitable
measures.

This also applies to payment obligations in foreign currencies.
The Bank also mitigates concentration by continuously using its
access to broadly diversified sources of funding, in particular
diverse customer deposits and capital market instruments.
Commerzbank also ensures that it monitors foreign exchange risks
and fulfils the currency matching requirements for highly liquid
assets and net liquidity outflows.

In the event of a liquidity crisis, the emergency plan provides
for various measures for different types of crisis, which can be
launched by the central ALCO. The emergency plan forms an
integral part of Commerzbank’s recovery plan and is updated at
least once a year; the individual liquidity emergency measures are
checked regularly during the year for plausibility. The emergency
plan also defines a clear allocation of responsibilities for the
processes to be followed in emergency situations and gives details
of any action that may need to be taken.

Liquidity risk model

A key component of liquidity risk management is the daily
calculation of the liquidity gap profile. The liquidity gap profile
shows the deterministic or stochastic inflows and outflows
expected in the future on a given reporting date and across all
portfolios. This the basis for calculating
requirements or excess liquidity per maturity band. This also
includes modelling the proportion of customer deposits that will
be permanently available, known as the core deposit base.

The liquidity gap profile is also used to set the issuance
strategy of the Commerzbank Group, which is operationalised by

forms liquidity

the Group Treasury division. The Group Finance division is
responsible for calculating and allocating liquidity costs on the
basis of the liquidity gap profile, which are then incorporated in
the management of the segments’ business activities.

Based on the liquidity gap profile, management mechanisms
such as recovery and early warning indicators are limited and
monitored accordingly. The liquidity gap profile is limited in all
maturity bands. The Group limits are broken down into individual
Group units and currencies. The internal liquidity risk model is
complemented by the regular analysis of additional adverse,
reverse and historical stress scenarios.

123

Group Risk Report


--- Page 58 ---

Group Risk Report

124

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Quantification and stress testing _

Commerzbank uses a wide range of tools to manage and monitor
liquidity risks on the basis of its own liquidity risk model. In
addition to internal economic considerations, liquidity risk
modelling also factors in the binding regulatory requirements
under the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR) and the
Minimum Requirements for Risk Management (MaRisk).
Commerzbank incorporates this within its liquidity risk framework,
thereby quantifying the liquidity risk appetite established by the
full Board of Managing Directors.

The stress scenarios within the Bank that underlie the model
and are relevant for management purposes allow for the impact of
both a bank-specific stress event and a broader market crisis. The
Commerzbank-specific idiosyncratic scenario simulates a stress
situation arising from a rating downgrade of two notches, whereas
the market-wide scenario is derived from experience of the
subprime crisis and simulates an external market-wide shock. The
main liquidity risk drivers of both scenarios are a markedly
increased outflow of short-term customer deposits, above-average
drawdown of credit lines, prolongations of lending business
regarded as commercially necessary, the need
additional collateral for secured transactions and the application of
higher risk discounts to the liquidation values of assets. As a
complement to the individual scenarios, the Bank also simulates
the impact on the liquidity gap profile (net liquidity position) of a
scenario that combines idiosyncratic and market-specific effects.
The liquidity gap profile is shown for the whole of the modelling
horizon across the full spectrum of maturities and follows a multi-

level

to provide

concept. This allows for
deterministic and modelled cash flows in existing business on the
one hand and the inclusion of prolongations on the other.

The table below shows the liquidity gap profile values after

application of the respective stress scenarios for periods of one

a nuanced presentation —

and three months as at the end of the year. Significantly more
liquidity flows out in a combined scenario compared with the
individual scenarios. As at the end of 2019, in the one-month and
three-month periods, the combined stress scenario leaves net
liquidity of €11.7bn and €11.2bn respectively (year-end 2018:
€11.0bn and €11.7bn respectively).

Net liquidity in the
stress scenario | €bn

po 31.12.2018

- - 1 month 18.4 16.6
Idiosyncratic scenario
3 months 20.1 19.2
- 1 month 20.7 21.6
Market-wide scenario
3 months 20.2 22.7
1 month 17 11.0
Combined scenario
3 months 11.2 W7

Significant factors in the liquidity risk appetite include the reserve
period,

the size of the liquidity reserve portfolio held to
compensate for unexpected short-term liquidity outflows, and the
limits in the various maturity bands. As the liquidity reserve

portfolio consists of highly liquid assets, it functions as a buffer in

stress situations. The liquidity reserve portfolio is funded in line
with the liquidity risk appetite to ensure that it is kept at the
required size throughout the entire reserve period stipulated by
the Board of Managing Directors.

As at the reporting date, the Bank had a liquidity reserve of
€72.Abn in the form of highly liquid assets (year-end 2018:
€77.3bn). A part of this liquidity reserve is held in a separate
stress liquidity reserve portfolio managed by Group Treasury to
cover liquidity outflows should a stress event occur and to ensure
solvency at all times. In addition, the Bank operates an intraday
liquidity reserve portfolio in the amount of €6.3bn as at the
reporting date (31 December 2018: €10.0bn).

po 31.12.2018

Liquidity reserves from highly
liquid assets | €bn

Highly liquid assets 72.4 773
of which level 1 59.6 61.9
of which level 2A 15 14.1
of which level 2B 13 13

Throughout 2019, Commerzbank’s internal liquidity ratios, includ-
ing the regulatory liquidity coverage ratio (LCR), were at all times
above the limits set by the Board of Managing Directors. The same
is true of compliance with the survival period calculation set down
by MaRisk.


--- Page 59 ---

Corporate Responsibility Management

The regulatory LCR is contained in the internal liquidity risk
model as a binding secondary condition. The LCR is calculated as
the ratio of liquid assets to net liquidity outflows under stressed
conditions. It is used to measure whether a bank has a large
enough liquidity buffer to independently withstand any potential
imbalance between inflows and outflows of liquidity under stressed
conditions over a period of 30 calendar days. Since 1 January 2018,
banks have had to maintain a ratio of at least 100%.

In 2019, Commerzbank significantly exceeded the minimum
ratio of 100% stipulated for that year on every reporting date. As

Operational risk

Based on the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR), Commerz-
bank defines operational risk (OpRisk) as the risk of loss resulting
from the inadequacy or failure of internal processes, people and
systems or from external events. This definition includes legal
risks; it does not cover strategic or reputational risks. In view of
their increased economic significance, compliance risk and cyber
risk are managed as separate risk types. However, losses from
compliance risks and cyber risks are incorporated into the model
for determining the regulatory and economic capital required for
operational risks.

Strategy and organisation

Within Commerzbank, OpRisk and governance issues of the
Internal Control System (ICS) are closely connected in terms of
both organisational structure and methodology and are continu-
ously being enhanced. This is because many OpRisk cases are
closely linked with failures in the control mechanisms. A properly
functioning ICS thereby helps to reduce or avoid
operational risks and thus to lower the amount of capital required
to cover operational risks in the medium to long term. Conversely,
the operational risk management systems enable the ICS to adapt
itself consistently to them. The further development of the ICS
structure is an essential aspect of the proactive reduction or pre-

losses from

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Informa

99 stiv

125 Operational risk

27. Other risks

at the end of 2019, the average month-end value of the LCR over
the last 12 months was 132.72% (as at the end of 2018:
135.66%).

The Bank has established corresponding limits and early
warning indicators to ensure the LCR minimum requirements are
met. Further information on the composition of the LCR is given in
Note 65 of the Group Financial
Statements.

(Liquidity coverage ratio)

vention of operational risks. Accordingly, the governance of the
ICS was adapted in the course of the Campus 2.0 realignment in
order to reflect the new structure. In addition, flexibility was
introduced to enable the control loop to be implemented efficiently
in the future.

Chaired by the CRO, the Group OpRisk Committee meets four
times a year and deals with the management of operational risks
within the Commerzbank Group. It also acts as the escalation and
decision-making committee for key OpRisk topics that span all
areas. The Management Boards and/or the Segment Committees
with responsibility for operational risk deal with the management
of operational risk in the relevant units. They analyse OpRisk
issues that affect them, such as loss events, and define subsequent
measures or recommend action.

Commerzbank’s OpRisk strategy is approved on an annual
basis by the full Board of Managing Directors after it has been
discussed and voted upon in the Group OpRisk Committee. The
OpRisk strategy describes the risk profile, key elements of the
desired risk culture, its management framework and measures to
be taken by Commerzbank to manage operational risk.

OpRisk management is based on three consecutive levels (three
lines of defence) which, when taken together, are crucial for
reaching the given strategic aims.

125

Group Risk Report


--- Page 60 ---

Group Risk Report

126

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Risk management

Commerzbank takes an active approach to managing operational
risk, aiming to systematically identify OpRisk profiles and risk
concentrations and to define, prioritise and implement risk
mitigation measures.

Operational risks are characterised by asymmetric distribution
of losses. This means that most of the losses are relatively small,
while isolated losses with a very low probability of occurrence have
the potential to be large and devastating. This makes it necessary
not only to limit high loss potential but also to proactively manage
losses that can be expected to occur frequently.

To do this, Commerzbank has set up a multi-stage system that
brings together the defined limits on economic capital (risk
capacity) and those set for operative risk management during the
year (risk appetite/tolerance), complemented by rules on the
transparent and conscious acceptance and approval of individual
risks (risk acceptance).

OpRisk management includes an annual evaluation of the
Bank’s ICS and a risk scenario assessment. Furthermore, OpRisk
loss events are subjected to ongoing analysis and to ICS
backtesting on an event-driven basis. Lessons learned activities
are carried out after all material loss events. External OpRisk
events at competitors are also systematically evaluated.

Commerzbank uses the advanced measurement approach
(AMA) to measure regulatory and economic capital for operational
risks. Risk-weighted assets for operational risks on this basis came
to €18.7bn at the end of the fourth quarter of 2019 (31 December
2018: €21.4bn, 99.90% quantile). Here, in addition to the updated
loss history, Commerzbank benefited from a model adjustment
approved by the
operational risks. The decline also reflects progress in strategy

supervisor in calculating risk assets for

implementation toward an even more efficient business model,
with a clear focus on the core segments PSBC and CC, as well as
risk reduction in investment banking business, and the associated
improvement in the operational risk profile. Economically required
capital was €1.5bn (since the first quarter of 2019: 99.90%
quantile; 31 December 2018: €1.8bn, 99.91% quantile).

The following table gives an overview of risk-weighted assets
and the economically required capital (ErC) by segment:

€bn RWA Erc RWA Erc
Private and Small-

Business Customers 5.2 0.4 5.1 0.4
Corporate Clients 8.3 0.7 11.4 1.0
Asset & Capital

Recovery 13 0.1
Others and

Consolidation 5.3 0.4 3.6 0.3
Group 18.7 1.5 21.4 1.8

The total charge for OpRisk events at the end of the fourth quarter
of 2019 was approximately €127m (full-year 2018: €30m). The
events mainly related to losses in the “Products and business
practices” category. This includes the provision of mBank for legal
risks related to CHF loan agreements, which is a key driver of the
increase compared to the previous year.

OpRisk events'| €m

31.12.2019 31.12.2018

Internal fraud 6 4
External fraud 12 7
Damage and IT failure 2 5
Products and business practices 103 -17
Process related 6 30
HR related -1 0
Group 127 30

* Losses incurred and provisions, less OpRisk-based income and repayments.

A structured, centralised and decentralised reporting system ensu-
res that the management of the Bank and its segments, members of
the OpRisk Committee and the supervisory bodies are informed
regularly, promptly and fully about operational risk. OpRisk reports
are produced quarterly. They contain changes in OpRisk losses, the
segments’ main loss events, current risk analyses, changes in the
capital requirement and the status of measures implemented.
Operational risks are also part of the regular risk reporting process
to the full Board of Managing Directors and to the Supervisory
Board’s Risk Committee.

The implementation plan of the Basel Committee provides for
the introduction of the standardised approach for calculating
operational risk (OpRisk) regulatory capital requirements from
1 January 2022. This approach is based on the multiplication of
two components. The first component is derived from the business
indicator, which is the sum of an interest, service and a financial
component and a coefficient determined by the size of the
business indicator. The second component in the standardised
approach is the risk-sensitive internal loss multiplier, which
reflects the Bank’s internal operational losses.


--- Page 61 ---

s Corporat ponsibility Management Report

Other risks

To meet the requirements of the Basel framework, MaRisk
requires an integrated approach to risk that also includes
unquantifiable risk categories. At Commerzbank, these are sub-
jected to a qualitative management and control process. The
following risk types except model risk and from 1 January 2020
cyber risk are outside the responsibility of the CRO.

Legal risk

According to the CRR, legal risk falls within the definition of
operational risk. It primarily arises for the Commerzbank Group
when the Bank’s claims cannot be enforced for legal reasons or
when claims can be made against the Bank because the under-
lying law was not observed or has changed since a transaction was
concluded.

The operation of banking and financial services transactions
that are subject to regulatory provisions may also result in legal
risk. This risk may also take the form of orders or sanction:

sued

or imposed by one or more authorities whose supervision
Commerzbank is subject to anywhere in the world. Legal risk also
arises in realised losses or provisions due to or in connection with
court cases brought against Commerzbank (passive proceedings).
Cases brought by Commerzbank (active proceedings) generally
represent a credit risk rather than an operational risk, so the risk
of loss is already taken into account through write-downs.
However, the costs of legal action (court and lawyers’ costs) for
active proceedings are classified as legal risk.

Organisation

Within Commerzbank, the functional management of legal risk
throughout the Group is the responsibility of Group Legal. All legal
staff at the various Group Legal locations including the foreign
branches as well as the legal staff of the legal departments of the
domestic and foreign subsidiaries are as legal risk managers
operationally responsible for the identification and management of
the Group-wide legal risk within Commerzbank.

Risk management

The task of the Group’s legal risk managers is to detect legal risks
and all losses potentially resulting from them at an early stage, to
highlight possible solutions that might avoid or minimise such
losses, and to play an active part in reaching decisions concerning
legal risks. They must ensure that they are always up to date with
all legal changes or new findings within their area of responsibility
and inform the business units affected about the impact on legal
risk and any action that needs to be taken as a result.

Financial Statements Further Informatio

Risk Report

Executive

25 Operational risk
127, Other risks

The legal risk managers are responsible for arranging or

adjusting legal provisions and look after and monitor new and
ongoing court proceedings.

In the case of passive proceedings, provisions are recognised
on the basis of the risk assessment carried out by the responsible
legal risk manager. The expected risk of loss for proceedings
generally corresponds to the size of the pro
recognised. To estimate the expected loss, the amount that the
Bank would reasonably have to pay to settle the dispute at the
current point in time is calculated after each significant stage in
the proceedings. In the case of active proceedings, provisions are
usually only recognised for the expected court and lawyers’ costs.

Group Legal provides information about all major court
proceedings and risk trends in the quarterly Litigation Report. This
report is sent to the Bank’s management and Supervisory Board,

ions to be

the supervisory authority and the OpRisk Committee.

Current developments

Commerzbank and its subsidiaries are involved in a variety of
court and arbitration cases, claims and official investigations (legal
proceedings) in connection with a broad range of issues. They
include, for example, allegations of defective advice, disputes in
connection with credit finance or payment transactions,
entitlements to occupational pensions, allegedly false accounting
and incorrect financial statements, enforcement of claims due to
tax issues, allegedly incorrect prospectuses in connection with
underwriting transactions, alleged violations of competition laws,
and cases brought by shareholders and other investors as well as
investigations by US authorities. In addition, changes to rulings by
supreme courts, which may render them more restrictive, as well
as to legal conditions, e.g. in the private customer business, may
result in more claims being brought against Commerzbank or its
subsidiaries. In these court cases, claimants are mostly asking for
the payment of compensation, claims on account of unjust
enrichment or the reversal of agreements already entered into. If
the courts were to find in favour of one or more of the claimants in
these cases, Commerzbank could be liable to pay compensation,
which could in some cases be substantial, or could incur the
expense of reversing agreements or of other cost-intensive
measures. Regulatory authorities and governmental institutions in
various countries in which Commerzbank and its subsidiaries are
or have been active have for some years been investigating
irregularities in connection with the fixing of foreign exchange
rates and with foreign exchange business in general. In the course
of these investigations, regulatory authorities and governmental
institutions have also sought checks on Commerzbank or have
approached the company with requests for information.
Commerzbank has cooperated fully with these bodies and also
looked into the relevant matters on the basis of its own

Group Risk Report


--- Page 62 ---

Group Risk Report

128

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

comprehensive investigations. The cases are no longer active with
the exception of one case in which the investigating authority
transferred the matter to the national competition tribunal. The
possibility of financial consequences arising from some of these
matters cannot be ruled out.

The public prosecutor's office in Frankfurt is investigating
equity transactions conducted by Commerzbank and the former
Dresdner Bank around the dividend record date (cum-ex
transactions). Commerzbank had already initiated a forensic
analysis of cum-ex transactions at the end of 2015, which was
concluded at the start of 2018 in respect of Commerzbank’s equity
transactions and in September 2019 in respect of the equity
transactions of the former Dresdner Bank. Appropriate provision
has been made for the tax risks.

The public prosecutor’s office in Cologne has been conducting
investigations at Commerzbank since September 2019 in connec-
tion with a separate case concerning cum-ex transactions. The
Cologne public prosecutor’s office is investigating on suspicion
that the Bank (including Dresdner Bank) was involved in cum-ex
transactions in various roles, including by supplying shares to
third parties who were allegedly acting as short sellers. According
to the current understanding, these proceedings do not involve
Commerzbank’s own tax credit claims with regard to capital gains
tax and solidarity surcharge on dividends. Commerzbank has no
knowledge of any results of the investigation.

The Bank is cooperating fully with authorities conducting
investigations into cum-ex transactions. It is currently not possible
to predict whether this will result in a burden, whether it will
occur, or the amount of any resulting burden.

In the circular of the German Federal Ministry of Finance
(BMF) dated 17 July 2017, the tax authorities addressed the
treatment of cum-cum transactions, declaring their intention to
critically examine past transactions for indications of abuse of law.
According to the view put forward in the BMF circular, abuse of
law pursuant to Article 42 of the German Tax Code (Abgaben-
ordnung, AO) is indicated if there are no economically reasonable
grounds for the transaction in question and the structure of the
transaction appears to be largely tax-induced (tax arbitrage). The
circular provides a non-exhaustive list of cases which the BMF will
assess for tax purposes. Within the framework of Commerzbank
AG's ongoing tax on-site inspection, the tax auditors commented
for the first time on the treatment of these transactions in the form
of audit notes. Further discussions are taking place on this issue.

Furthermore, in the assessments for the years 2014 and 2015, the
tax office reduced the credit for capital gains taxes. In response,
Commerzbank AG made value adjustments to tax credits shown in
the balance sheet and/or formed additional provisions for possible
repayment claims in order to reflect the changed risk situation
appropriately. The possibility that this conclusion could alter as
developments unfold, for example in connection with assessments
made by the fiscal courts, cannot be completely ruled out.

With respect to cum-cum securities lending transactions,
Commerzbank is exposed to compensation claims from third
parties for crediting entitlements that have been denied. Based on
the analyses performed, Commerzbank considers it rather unlikely
that such claims could be enforced. However, it cannot be ruled
out. Based on our estimates, the financial impact could be in the
upper double-digit million range, plus interest on arrears, in these
cases.

In May 2017, a Polish court admitted a class action lawsuit
against a subsidiary of Commerzbank alleging the ineffectiveness
of index clauses in loan agreements denominated in Swiss Francs
(CHF). In October 2018, the class action suit was dismissed in its
entirety by the court of first instance. The claimants are appealing
against this judgement. A total of 1,731 plaintiffs have joined the
class action. Irrespective thereof, numerous borrowers have
additionally filed individual lawsuits against the Commerzbank
subsidiary for the same reasons. In addition to the class action,
2,902 other individual proceedings are pending as at 31 December
2019. The subsidiary is defending itself against each of the claims.
It has won the majority of the individual lawsuits.

Even after the decision of the European Court of Justice in
October 2019, the rulings of the Polish courts on loans with
indexation clauses has so far been inconsistent overall. This and
the number of judgments handed down since then are not
sufficient for a reliable estimate of future rulings.

In deviation from the previous methodology and as a result of
the observed increase in the total number of individual lawsuits
and the change in the judgments handed down by the courts in
such cases, the Group/subsidiary decided as of the fourth quarter
of 2019 to take into account possible future lawsuits relating to the
existing portfolio and the portfolio already repaid in addition to the
lawsuits already filed when calculating the provision. The
Group/subsidiary measures the provision for individual claims
relating to exis

‘ing and already repaid loans with CHF indexation
clauses using the expected value method permitted under IAS 37.


--- Page 63 ---

ur Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

The provision relates both to the portfolio existing as at
31 December 2019 with a carrying amount of €3.2bn and to the
portfolio already repaid. The portfolio that has already been repaid
amounted to 6.3bn Polish zloty when it was issued. In the year
under review, the provision was increased by a total of €79m,
bringing the provision for individual actions as of 31 December
2019 to a high double-digit million euro amount.

The methodology used to calculate the provision is based on
parameters that are varied, discretionary and in some cases
associated with considerable uncertainty. Key parameters are the
estimated total number of plaintiffs, the probability of losing a
lawsuit in the last instance, the amount of the loss and the
development of the exchange rate. Fluctuations in the parameters
and the interdependencies between them may mean that the
amount of the provision must be adjusted significantly in the future.

Some of these cases could also have an impact on the
reputation of Commerzbank and its subsidiaries. The Group
recognises provisions for such proceedings if liabilities are likely
to result from them and the amounts to which the Group is likely
to be liable can be determined with sufficient accuracy. Since
there are considerable uncertainties as to how such proceedings
will develop, the possibility cannot be ruled out that some of the
provisions recognised for them may prove to be inadequate once
the courts’ final rulings are known. As a result, substantial
additional expense may be incurred. This is also true in the case of
legal proceedings for which the Group did not consider it
necessary to recognise provisions. The eventual outcome of some
legal proceedings might have an impact on Commerzbank’s
results and cash flow in a specified reporting period; in the worst
case it cannot be fully ruled out that the liabilities that might result
from them may also have a significant impact on Commerzbank’s
earnings performance, assets and financial position.

Further information on legal proceedings may be found in Note
58 regarding provisions and Note 60 regarding contingent
liabilities and lending commitments in the Group financial
statements.

Compliance risk

Compliance risk falls within the definition of operational risk
according to the CRR. Commerzbank acknowledges and under-
stands the existence of inherent compliance risk in its global
business, which can be abused overall and in particular by financial
crime. Compliance risk includes, in particular, the risks associated
with money laundering, terrorist financing, sanctions/embargoes,
markets compliance as well as fraud and corruption and preventing
the facilitation of tax evasion.

The Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank actively
promotes a compliance culture and has set down and communi-
cated corresponding values in the code of conduct.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Informa

99 stiv

25 Operational risk
127, Other risks

tion

Organi:
ional Board member for

Group Compliance is led by the Divi
Group Compliance, who reports directly to the Board of Managing
Directors. Pursuant to sections 87 (5) of the German Securities
Trading Act (WpHG), MaComp (minimum requirements of the
compliance function) BT 1.1, the Divisional Board member for
Group Compliance is both the Group’s Compliance Officer and,
under Art. 25h (7) of the German Banking Act (KWG), sections 7
and 9 of the German Anti-Money Laundering Act (GwG), the Anti-
Money Laundering officer; this person is supervised as such by
the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin).

Group Compliance is responsible for:

A. the four types of compliance risk:
(1) anti money laundering/fighting terrorist financing,
(2) sanctions and embargoes,
(3) fraud, anti-bribery and corruption,
(4) markets compliance
as well as

B. further responsibilities:

© coordination of the requirements under MaRisk section 4.4.2
(“MaRisk compliance function”),

© setting down and monitoring the methodical standards of the
QI/FATCA/CRS compliance programme (Qualified Intermediary
(QI) regime, Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) and
Common Reporting Standard (CRS)),

© compliance with the Bank’s Anti-Tax Evasion Facilitation (TEF)
obligations in accordance with the “UK Corporate Criminal
Offences (UK CCO) of failure to prevent the facilitation of tax
evasion” (together with Group Tax) and

e independent implementation of internal special investigations
with compliance relevance

Risk management

To prevent compliance risks, Commerzbank has implemented
security systems and controls for its transactions, customers,
products and processes. These procedures for ensuring compliance
with material legal provisions and requirements are referred to in
their entirety as a compliance management system. Commerz-
bank’s compliance management system is based on international
market standards and the regulatory requirements in the various
countries which are relevant for Commerzbank’s business activities.
Commerzbank is constantly developing its compliance manage-
ment system in order to meet its responsibilities and address the
growing complexity and increasing regulatory requirements. Under
the three lines of defence principle, protecting against undesirable
compliance risks is an activity that is not restricted to the compli-
ance function (Group Compliance). Instead, the organisational
control and monitoring elements are aligned in three sequential

129

Group Risk Report


--- Page 64 ---

Group Risk Report

130

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

levels. The units in the first line of defence (1* LoD) assume the
main responsibility for identifying and managing risks and for
complying with their own business rules; they are also responsible
for setting up process-oriented control Group
Compliance, the second line of defence (2"! LoD), oversees the
appropriateness and effectiveness of the procedures and controls in
the first line of defence, and assesses and communicates any
deficiencies found. Internal Audit, the third line of defence (3

mechanisms.

LoD), uses regular and independent audits to check that compli-
ance in both the 1" LoD and 2" LoD is appropriate and effective.
Compliance risks are managed in a control circuit with
interacting elements. Commerzbank constantly monitors relevant
regulatory requirements as well as the definition and/or adjustment
of corresponding internal standards meant to ensure compliance
with the requirements. Where necessitated by changes in
requirements and standards, internal training measures are defined
and/or adapted and the Bank's units are advised how to implement
these effectively. Implementation encompasses setting up and
carrying out suitable processes and controls in daily work, assuring
their quality and testing their effectiveness. Monitoring of the
compliance risks is based on key figures and is part of regular
internal reporting. Where necessary,
according to their urgency and severity. A systematic risk analysis
(compliance risk assessment) is a core element of risk manage-
ment. It assesses the inherent risk arising from doing business with
different customer groups and products and compares this with an
assessment of the corresponding control environment. It produces
a residual risk, the risk content of which is assessed. The Bank

matters are escalated

defines measures to further enhance risk management (e.g.
introducing additional controls) as necessary and tracks implemen-
tation closely.

Current developments
In 2015, Commerzbank reached settlements with various US

authori regarding violations of US sanctions and anti-money
laundering provisions. The Bank has already dealt with the
majority of the findings relating to the settlements. The Deferred
Prosecution Agreement with the District Attorney of New York and
the Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the US Department of
Justice were subsequently terminated in March 2018 and May
2018 respectively, after consultation with the respective public
prosecutor's offices. The Bank has also received various interim
reports and on 15 October 2018 received the final report from the
monitor appointed by the New York State Department of Financial
Services (DFS), to which it has responded with corresponding

implementation programmes. The Bank has made good progress
in carrying out the implementation programmes and has executed
most of the measures. The US monitor submitted its final report
dated 15 October 2018, thus concluding its on-site investigations.
In accordance with the terms of the engagement letter between
the Bank and the monitor, the monitoring process ended on
24 June 2019. Official confirmation from DFS that Commerzbank
is back under regular banking supervision following the
monitoring process is still pending.

In line with the requirements of the UK Financial Services and
Markets Act 2000 (FSMA), in 2017 Commerzbank London man-
dated a consulting company as a “skilled person”. The consulting
company carried out a review of existing structures and processes
(especially with regard to money laundering/financing of terrorism
as well as sanctions/embargoes) and prepared a report for the UK
(FCA).
subsequently put in place a comprehensive remediation project,
the implementation of which is being evaluated by the skilled
person, with half-yearly reports to the FCA. Here too, Commerz-
bank has made good progress in implementation and completed
the remediation project carried out at Commerzbank London. The
outstanding topics were transferred to small projects and to the
line function for further processing.

Since 31 December 2012, Commerzbank has been provisionally
registered as a swap dealer with the U.S. Commodity Futures
Trading Commission (CFTC). On 8 November 2018, Commerzbank
reached agreement with the CFTC in a consent order waiving an
investigation into breach of the U.S. swap dealer rules in the U.S.
Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations of the CFTC. In
accordance with this consent order, Commerzbank has engaged

Financial Conduct Authority Commerzbank London

an outside consultant approved by the CFTC (Compliance Con-
sultant) for a period of two years. The CFTC may extend this
period by a further year at its discretion, based on its assessment
of Commerzbank’s remedial efforts. The Compliance Consultant
started work in April 2019 and will probably submit their initial
report by May 2020.

At the request of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA),
Commerzbank Hong Kong engaged an outside consultant to
review the branch’s local control and governance structures. The
outside consultant concluded their audit during the summer and
provided a report on the audit findings; processing of the issues
addressed in the report is under way. The Branch project to
implement a regulatory inventory as an overview of existing and
relevant local regulatory requirements is still ongoing.


--- Page 65 ---

s Corporat ponsibility Management Report

Reputational risk

Reputational risk is the risk that stakeholders may lose confidence
in Commerzbank or that its reputation may be damaged as a result
of negative events in its business activities. Commerzbank’s
stakeholder groups include in particular the public and the media,
non-governmental organisations and its customers. In the present-
day competitive environment, a company’s reputation is becoming
more and more important. The main factor determining this is how
companies handle sustainability considerations (environmental,
ethical or social risks) in the market segments’ customer business
(intrinsic reputational risks). Companies are judged not only on the
basis of people’s personal experiences of them, but also on reports
reaching the public, especially through the media. Reputational risk
therefore goes hand in hand with communication risk.

Strategy and organisation

All employees and managers have a fundamental duty to protect
and reinforce Commerzbank’s good reputation as a significant
element of its enterprise value. The segments and _ significant
subsidiaries bear direct responsibility for reputational risk
resulting from their particular business activity. The Reputational
Risk Management department is part of the central Group
Communications division of the Commerzbank Group and focuses
on intrinsic reputational risk that may directly lead to reputational
damage among stakeholder groups. The department maintains
close links with the relevant front office units. Management of
intrinsic reputational risk is the responsibility of the Chairman of
the Board of Managing Directors. It is a component of Commerz-
bank’s overall risk strategy. Reputational Risk Management's tasks
include identifying, evaluating and addressing intrinsic reputational
risk in systematic processes at an early stage and suggesting or
implementing appropriate measures (early warning function).

Risk management

Managing intrinsic reputational risk means identifying and reacting
to potential environmental, social and ethical risks at an early stage,
thereby reducing any potential communication risk or even pre-
venting it completely. Intrinsic reputational risk is managed by
means of a qualitative approach. As part of a structured process,
transactions, products and customer relationships in connection
with sensitive areas are assessed with reference to environmental,
social and ethical risks on a qualitative five-point scale. This
assessment can contain conditions and in some cases a negative
verdict, which could lead to a rejection.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Informatio

Executive

25 Operational risk
127, Other risks

The sensitive areas regularly and comprehensively analysed in
Reputational Risk Management include armaments exports and
transactions, products and customer relationships relating to
power generation and commodities extraction. Commerzbank’s
attitude towards these areas is laid down in positions and
guidelines that are binding for all employees. Commerzbank’s
Reputational Risk Management department regularly observes and
analyses new environmental, ethical and social issues and informs
the relevant parts of the Bank about these. The reputational risks
identified and addressed by the department are incorporated into
the quarterly report on non-quantifiable risks and the quarterly
report on major and high reputational risks (sustainability risks)
prepared for the full Board of Managing Directors and the Risk
Committee of the Supervisory Board.

IT risk

IT risk is a form of operational risk. In our internal definition, we
define IT risk as risks to the security of information processed in
our systems in terms of meeting the four IT security objectives set
out below:

Confidentiality: Information is confidential if it is not acces-
sible to, or capable of being reconstructed by, unauthorised per-
sons, business processes or IT systems.

Integrity: Information possesses integrity if it has not been
modified or destroyed by any unauthorised means. An infor-
mation-processing system (IT system) possesses integrity if it can
perform its intended functions without hindrance and free of
unauthorised manipulations, whether deliberate or accidental.

Traceability: Actions and technologies applied to information
are traceable if they themselves and their source can be traced
back without any ambiguity.

Availability: Information is available if it is always capable of
being used to a predefined extent by authorised persons, business
processes and IT systems when it is required.

Commerzbank attaches great importance to the protection and
security of its own information, of that entrusted to it by custo-
mers, and of the business processes and systems used to process
it. They form a permanent core element in our IT strategy. The
processing of information is based increasingly on information
technologies. As such, our IT security requirements are at the
heart of information security management. IT security require-
ments are based on the IT security objectives referred to above
and are set down in policies and procedural instructions.

Group Risk Report


--- Page 66 ---

Group Risk Report

132

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

IT risks are identified, evaluated and regularly reviewed as part
of IT governance processes. IT risk is covered in the quarterly IT
risk report. Information security is also established as a principal
objective for our Internal Control System.

Relevant IT risks are also evaluated as part of operational risk
management through risk scenarios and considered in the Bank’s
RWA calculation. This includes the risk of a breakdown of critical
IT, the risk of external attack on the systems or data of the Bank
(cyber crime and advanced persistent threat (APT)1 scenarios), the
theft of corporate data or the default of service providers and
vendors. See also the description of cyber risk.

Given the major importance of IT security to Commerzbank, it
is further developed and improved on an ongoing basis by means
of strategic projects. We have taken into account the significance
of the “human” factor in IT security and cyber security by
introducing additional training and awareness-raising measures.

Cyber risk

Cyber risk comprises risks with direct relevance to security and
risks that lead to relevance to security (in each case, within cyber
space). The part of cyber space of relevance to Commerzbank is all
connected IT environments within the Bank and those outside the
Bank that lead to customers, business partners and service
providers. Cyber risk is therefore concerned with the digital
representation of the Bank’s assets (data, information) within
cyber space.

Unlike information security risk, whose scope is limited to the
Bank and third-party companies with a business connection, the
scope of cyber risk extends to unknown persons, to take full
account of the requirement to protect their legitimate expectations
when using cyber space.

The strategic guidelines from the overall risk strategy and the
information security strategy apply without limitation to cyber risk.

In order to prevent cyber risk organisationally, Commerzbank
has — in addition to the established governance processes of
information security, the related risk reports on key risk indicators
and management via the Internal Control System (ICS) — set up a
cyber security programme focusing on specific aspects of cyber
security. The results of the cyber security programme feed both
the ICS and the Bank’s risk reporting.

Cyber risk is managed by Group Organisation & Security,
which reports to the Group Chief Information Security Officer
(CISO). On 1 January 2020, Commerzbank established the new
Group division “Group Cyber Risk & Information Security” to
manage cyber and information security risks.

Cyber risk generally has consequences for operational risk and
the Bank’s other material risk types. These can be broken down
into direct and indirect consequences. All consequences are
documented in the cyber sub-risk strategy and updated on an
ongoing basis.

Human resources risk

Human resources risk falls within the definition of operational risk
referred to in the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR). The
internal, management-oriented interpretation of this definition at
Commerzbank includes the following elements in human
resources risk:

Adjustment risk: Adjustment risk results when organisational
and operational circumstances change (for example, restructuring,
changes in management culture, qualification needs), these
changes impact employees’ scope of responsibilities and therefore
require a greater willingness to change on the part of the staff. We
offer selected internal and external training, continuing education
and change programmes to ensure that the qualification levels of
our employees keep pace with the current requirements, guidance
is provided for structural changes and our employees can fulfil
their duties and responsibilities.

Motivation risk: Motivation risk arises when demotivating
factors are not eliminated and employees do not adequately
perceive motivating factors such as management or remuneration.
The effects (such as withheld performance by employees) can have
a direct impact on the working environment and the organisation's
productivity. Employee surveys enable us to respond as quickly as
possible to potential changes in our employees’ level of corporate
loyalty and to initiate adequate measures.

Departure risk: Departure risk takes into account the
consequences of undesired employee departures (for example, if an
employee resigns voluntarily), particularly when high performers
are involved. We take great care to ensure that the absence or
departure of employees does not result in long-term disruptions to
our operations. We also monitor staff turnover on a regular basis

from both a quantitative and a qualitative perspective.

7 An advanced persistent threat is a special form of cyber attack. The intention of an APT attack is to remain undetected for as long as
possible in order to steal sensitive information (internet espionage) or cause other types of damage over a longer period.


--- Page 67 ---

s Corporat ponsibility Management Report

Supply risk: Supply risk reflects the consequences of insuffi-
cient staffing (for example, inadequate development of young
staff) and the resulting consequences (operating bottlenecks,
increased workload, lower productivity and illness). Appropriate
quantitative and qualitative staffing aims to ensure that internal
operating requirements, business activities and Commerzbank’s
strategy can be implemented.

Employees are a key resource for Commerzbank. Human
resources risk is systematically managed by Group Human
Resources with the aim of identifying, assessing and managing
risks, for instance by applying selected personnel tools. The
Board of Managing Directors is regularly informed about human
resources risk.

In addition, systematic and strategic personnel planning helps to
put the management of medium- and long-term human resources
risks on a more professional footing. This has been introduced
gradually into the Bank's strategically relevant business areas since
2015.

Overall, the Bank will continue to monitor human resources risk.
There is a risk that the human resources risk situation may dete-
riorate due to the impending structural changes under the
“Commerzbank 5.0” strategy. Change and organisational measures
have already been initiated to counter human resources risk.

Business strategy risk

Business strategy risk is the medium- to long-term risk of negative
influences on the achievement of Commerzbank’s strategic goals,
for example as a result of changes in the market or competitive
environment, capital market requirements, regulatory/political
factors or the inadequate implementation of the Group strategy
(primary risk drivers).

Group strategy is developed further in a process that takes both
and internal factors into account. On the basis of these
factors, the full Board of Managing Directors sets out a sustainable

external

business strategy describing the major business activities and
steps required to meet the targets. To ensure proper implement-
tation of the Group strategy to achieve the business targets,
strategic controls are carried out through regular monitoring of
quantitative and qualitative targets in the Group and the segments.

Responsibility for strategic corporate management lies with the
full Board of Managing Directors. Specific business policy deci-
sions (acqui:

ion and sale of equity holdings >€300m) also require
the authorisation of the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee. All
major investments are subject to careful review by the full Board of
Managing Directors.

Financial Statements Further Informatio

Risk Report

Executive

25 Operational risk
127, Other risks

Model risk

Model risk is the risk of incorrect management decisions based
upon an inaccurate depiction of reality by the models used. With
regard to the causes of model risk we distinguish between model
risk from exceeding model boundaries and model risk from model
errors (manual errors in model development/implementation). In
line with the focus of the Group risk strategy, namely to ensure
that the Bank has adequate capital and liquidity, the models for
assessing risk-bearing capacity (capital requirements under the
Basel framework) and liquidity resources are central
management.

The basic principles of model risk management are the
identification and avoidance of model risks and appropriate consid-
eration of known model risks (e.g. through conservative calibration

for risk

or consideration of model reserves). Model risks that are unknown

and hence cannot be mitigated are accepted as an inherent risk in

the complexity of the Commerzbank business model. In respect of
the governance of model risk management, requirements relating
to model validation and model changes are established.

There are currently a number of regulatory initiatives that have

a strong impact on the management of model risks:

« The aim of the regulatory framework known as “Basel 4” in
particular is to limit the benefits of using internal models. The
new regulations pertain to all types of risk (credit, market,
counterparty and operational risk) and also limit the reliability
of certain models in calculating risk-weighted assets.

° Several regulations (guidelines/RTS) of the EBA impact nearly
all aspects of the IRB approach and aim to reduce potential
unjustified RWA variability from the use of internal models and
to increase the quality of the models used. A new default
definition has also been prescribed for credit risks.

° The ECB’s Targeted Review of Internal Models (TRIM) project
also aims to harmonise RWA-relevant models for credit, market
and counterparty risk within the scope of the SSM. In
particular, the scope for interpretation permitted by the regu-
lations or arising due to differences in national interpretations
is to be significantly reduced in future. In doing so, the ECB
takes particular account of the new regulatory requirements
mentioned above. Under TRIM, the models for credit, market
and counterparty risk were subjected to a series of on-site

reviews. Deviations from regulatory requirements or their
interpretation lead to findings which, depending on their
severity and materiality, may also result in capital add-ons. For
credit risk, the implementation of TRIM requirements at
Commerzbank is covered by the “Future of the IRB” initiative.

° The ECB’s ICAAP and ILAAP guidelines also contain require-
ments for the management of model risk.

133

Group Risk Report


--- Page 68 ---

Group Risk Report

134

Commerzbank Annual Report 2019

Disclaimer

Commerzbank’s internal risk measurement methods and models
which form the basis for the calculation of the figures shown in
this report are state-of-the-art and based on banking sector
practice. The risk models produce results appropriate to the
management of the Bank. The measurement approaches are
regularly reviewed by Risk Controlling and Internal Audit as well
as by German and European supervisory authorities. Despite being
carefully developed and regularly checked, models cannot cover

all the influencing factors that have an impact in reality or
illustrate their complex behaviour and interactions. These limits to
risk modelling apply in particular in extreme situations. Supple-
mentary stress tests and scenario analyses can only show
examples of the risks to which a portfolio may be exposed in
extreme market situations. However, stress-testing all imaginable
scenarios is not feasible. Stress tests cannot offer a final estimate

of the maximum loss should an extreme event occur.
