> Content > To Our Shareholders

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

ORGANIZATION AND GROUP STRUCTURE

BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND SEGMENTS

Corporate Profile and Market Position

ProSiebenSat.1 Group unites leading entertainment brands in the audi -
ence and advertising market with an international production busi -
ness and a rapidly growing commerce portfolio under one roof. It is
therefore one of the most diversi ed media companies in Europe. Our

aim is to offer viewers and users entertainment on all screens with
the right offers at the right time, no matter where. However, digitali -
zation is not only in uencing and increasing the possibilities of video

use on various end devices, but has also changed consumer behavior

as a whole. This is why ProSiebenSat.1 Group has invested in leading
digital commerce platforms in recent years, which are suitable for
marketing onour TVstations and online platforms and synergize with
our portfolio. In Germany, we are already the leading video marketer
in both the conventional TV advertising business and online, number

one inthe TV audience market, and one of the most successful pro -
viders of digital entertainment in German-speaking Europe. On this

basis, ProSiebenSat.1 Group is making targeted investments in the

future of its business with the aim of strengthening its market posi -
tion sustainably in the long term.

i ProSiebenSat.1 Group s largest revenue market is Germany, where
it also has its main headquarters. The Group also runs TV stations
in Austria and Switzerland. An overview of the production and com -
merce business with all relevant sales markets and locations can be

found in the brand portfolio and the list of subsidiaries and associated

companies.

Segments and Brand Portfolio

ProSiebenSat.1 Group promotes digital transformation throughout the

Group. To this end, the Group is expanding its TV business with digital
entertainment offerings and diversifying its portfolio with commerce
companies that complement and add value to the entertainment busi -
ness. Part of this strategy is also the dovetailing of the business areas

within the Group.

million TV
households in Germany, Austria and Switzerland with our 15 free and
pay TV stations. For Germany alone, our TV offerings reach more

Entertainment segment : We are able to reach over 45

than 60 million people per month. At the same time, the Group has
a monthly reach of around 36 million unique users with its marketed

online offerings.

Shows such as Germany s next Topmodel and The Masked Singer

TV and via
digital offerings. At the same time, the Company is investing in the

elds of AdTech and data in order to generate additional revenues

are successful formats with which we delight audiences on

with innovative, data-driven offerings and to customize advertising

ever more precisely. ProSiebenSat.1 Group thus offers the adver -
tising industry added value. The two sales subsidiaries SevenOne

Media GmbH ( SevenOne Media ) and SevenOne AdFactory GmbH

( SevenOne AdFactory ) support advertising customers and agencies

Group Management Report
Our Group: Basic Principles

by nding ideas and concepts and implementing them across plat -
forms on TV, online and via mobile devices. Accordingly, the Group
bundles content, digital platform business and monetization under

one roof in its Entertainment segment. — Development of Media Consump _-

tion and Advertising Impact

— Opportunity Report

i Joyn GmbH (Joyn ), previously 7 TV Joint Venture GmbH, is a joint
venture between ProSiebenSat.1 Group and Discovery Communications
Europe Ltd., London, United Kingdom ( Discovery ). ProSiebenSat.1
Group holds a 50.0

cross-channel entertainment streaming platform that bundles the con -

% share (previous year: 50.0 % ) in Joyn. Joyn is a

tent of the free © TV channels from ProSiebenSat.1 and Discovery as well
as other content partners on one platform and one app. In total, users

can watch over 60 free TV channels in the live stream, as well as access

a media library and numerous self-produced content. In addition to the

free, ad- nanced offer that started in June 2019, the premium offer

Joyn PLUS + has been available since November 2019. There, subscrib -
ers will nd live TV channels in HD, numerous exclusive series as well
as Ims and series from the online video store maxdome. The goal is to

create a comprehensive local OTT platform for cross-channel content.
Content Production & Global Sales segment: In this segment,
ProSiebenSat.1 Group combines Red Arrow Studio GmbH«s ( Red
Arrow Studios ) international TV production and distribution busi —-
ness with the global digital studio Studio71. Studio71 gives the Group
direct access to talents and platforms. This is an important compet -
itive advantage in the digital sector, and can thus meet the growing
demand for content on various digital channels. In 2019, Studio71

achieved an average of 9.9 — Develop -

ment of ProSiebenSat.1 Group s relevant business and market environments

billion video views per month.

Shows such as Bosch, The Weekly, Married at First Sight and
Germany s next Topmodel are examples of successful productions

from Red Arrow Studios. Close cooperation between Redseven Enter -
tainment GmbH«s ( Redseven ) local production business and the

Group s Entertainment segment is particularly important. In 2019,
ProSiebenSat.1 Group thus signi cantly increased the proportion of

local programming on its own stations and strengthened the syner -
gies between the business areas.

ProSiebenSat.1 Group initiated a strategic review for Red Arrow Stu -
dios in 2019 and is examining options for partnerships or selling

the international production business. Redseven and Studio71 are
excluded from this review.

Commerce segment: The Group bundles the Commerce business

in NCG NUCOMGROUP SE ( NuCom Group ). This comprises mar -
ket-leading and predominantly digital commerce platforms in the

elds of consumer advice (e.g. Verivox, be Around), matchmaking
(Parship Group), experience (Jochen Schweizer mydays Group), and
beauty & lifestyle (e.g. Flaconi).

The commerce business is the Group s predominant growth driver,
making a signi cant contribution to the expansion of digital revenue
sources. By advertising on our stations, we are strengthening our
commerce brands. At the same time, the trading platforms generate
customer data for targeted advertising products on our channels.

83
> Content > To Our Shareholders > Group Management Report > Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

The implementation of a more independent Entertainment organi -
zation is an important step in the further advancement of the trans -
formation of the entire Group. Therefore, it was decided in fall 2019

to transform the operative holding company, which was previously

closely linked with the Entertainment business, into a strategic holding
company to be reported separately from the Entertainment segment

from January 1, 2020. The strategic holding company has a greater

focus on strategic management and alignment, management of stra -
tegic core projects and measures, governance and capital allocation.

Purely operative areas previously allocated to the holding company

since belong to the appropriate segments. Support functions are bun -
dled in Center of Excellence and Shared Service Center and are sub -
ject to the control of the holding company in order to increase ef -
ciency and customer proximity. Overall, the company expects this to

allow it to react more exibly and quickly to market challenges and

to better drive future growth.

CORPORATE STRUCTURE AND
INVESTMENTS

The economic development of ProSiebenSat.1 Group is determined
primarily by the subsidiaries, held both directly and indirectly.
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE is the ultimate parent company of the Group.
In this function, its tasks include central nancing, Group risk man

agement and the ongoing development of the corporate strategy.

These Consolidated Financial Statements include ProSiebenSat.1
Media SE and all signi cant subsidiaries meaning entities in which
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE directly or indirectly holds a majority of vot -
ing rights, or whose relevant activities it is otherwise able to control.

— Notes, note 4 Scope of consolidation

The Group has an integrated portfolio that is also re ected in the
investment structure. For example, ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE holds
100.0 % of the shares in ProSiebenSat.1 TV Deutschland GmbH. The
free TV stations of ProSiebenSat.1 Group and the pay TV channels
(ProSiebenSat.1 Pay TV GmbH) work under its umbrella. ProSiebenSat. 1
Media SE also indirectly holdsa 100.0 % stake in the sales companies
SevenOne Media and SevenOne AdFactory. This results in advantages

with regard to the stations programming and the sale of advertising

time. The global Im and TV distribution companies and the inter -
national television production companies both belong to Red Arrow
Studios as a wholly owned subsidiary of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE.

As of December 31, 2019, General Atlantic PD GmbH ( General
Atlantic ), held a 28.4 % stake in NuCom Group.

.
I A detailed overview of the shareholding structure in ProSiebenSat.1
Group can be found in the list of subsidiaries and associated compa -

nies .

i The management declaration in accordance with sections 289f, 315d
HGB is published in the Annual Report and on the Company s website

(7 www.prosiebensat 1 .com/en/investor-relations/corporate-governance/manage

ment-declaration ).

Group Management Report $4
Our Group: Basic Principles
> Content > To Our Shareholders > Group Management Report > Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

STRATEGIC BRAND PORTFOLIO OF PROSIEBENSAT.1 GROUP

ENTERTAINMENT

TV & AD SALES
BROADCASTING
FREE TV STATIONS &
FREE TV STATIONS ADVERTISING AND PROGRAMMING WINDOWS
ProSiebenSat.1 TV : Austria Switzerland

Deutschland :
:  PULSE4 PULSZ4 : |
Zz | | apron : : e CCHT
— AL
aMAXK :
© Bike @AUSTRA WD: @z. wascHweiz SI

Jil xX Benn 2NAXG EIsexv|, : SIXxX SCHWEIZ 2NAXK
SALES
S 01 S 101 ProSiebenSat.1 a
Media AdFactory pues" O-force
DISTRIBUTION DIGITAL ADVERTISING TECHNOLOGY
PLATFORMS & PLATFORMS
HD ProSiebenSat1
Decec een ec sec ee e+: OM = Digital ° VA Qsmmatstreamzv —glomex [a
BASIC PAY TV STATIONS oy, Se
1 9 a ty iri :
"= & emotions jyoyn Aciveagent  Xv.Yielcllaio kairion esome

enctassics £B @pvx ADCLEAR? @*ADITION EBX' Buzzin’

; . [Loy
SevenPictures —™ SevenVentures ProSiebensat Sere ee prosiebensat? cpoRTS © esports«
CONTENT PRODUCTION COMMERCE

& GLOBAL SALES

RED ARROW STUDIOS

2 | Si

NCG — NUCOM GROUP

Red Arrow Studios : NUCOM GROUP
DIGITAL STUDIO GLOBAL PROGRAMMING : CONSUMER ADVICE MATCHMAKING
: DISTRIBUTION :

_ Werivox |
: (ED dittiger-mietwagen.de : Parship

© Aroundhome : GROUP

PRODUCTION COMPANIES

BS44BLUE cove’

verians eSNG r 2 Rood ooDDDOMERADOGodade o

BEAUTY & LIFESTYLE

2 ‘i

ee : —

y DB Goerssen wvosrarsaien Stylight
3. TENFOID

HALE YARD

a

Ligavuovnn

AMORELIE

As of February 2020 / ‘Joint venture / ? Associated company

Group Management Report 8 5
Our Group: Basic Principles
> Content > To Our Shareholders > Group Management Report > Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

STRATEGY AND MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

STRATEGY AND OBJECTIVES

Our industry is characterized by constant change: The digital devel
opment and the growing signi cance of the internet have changed
consumer behavior. Business models are being tested and new oppor
tunities for addressing target groups are always emerging. This is also

true with regard to media usage. We updated our Group stra tegy in

2018 and are implementing it in 2019 in order to bene t from these
opportunities and promote digital transformation. Therefore we focus
on clear priorities in each segment:

We are particularly improving our offering of local programming,
building on our digital reach and our digital and smart advertising
business, and further diversifying our business via NuCom Group s
growth. At the same time, the Group is making greater use of syner
gies within the Group and is therefore connecting its business areas
with one another. By investing in the Company s future, the aim is
to further improve competitiveness and to accelerate revenues and
earnings growth in the mid-term. — Company Outlook

In order to make our organization even more agile, the Group is estab
lishing a new and more independent Entertainment organization in
which the content areas, the digital platform businesses and their
monetization are more closely integrated. By bundling our market
expertise, we can offer our viewers or users entertaining and rele
vant content that they can consume on their choice of platform. The
same goes for advertising clients, who bene t from our marketing
innovations across all channels and from better addressed advertis
ing thanks to databased offerings. —> Opportunity Report _

PLANNING AND MANAGEMENT

ProSiebenSat.1 Group s management system based on key gures
forms the basis for all of the Company s economic and strategic deci
sions. Company-speci c performance indicators are derived from the
Group s strategy and cover both nancial and non- nancial aspects.
They are planned and managed centrally by the Executive Committee

of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE. The planning and management process
is complemented by the monitoring of key gures on the basis of reg
ularly updated data. This also includes the assessment of develop

ments as part of opportunity and risk management. — Risk and Oppor_-

tunity Report

Intragroup Management System

The performance indicators speci c to ProSiebenSat.1 Group are
aligned to the interests of the capital providers and cover nancial
planning as well as aspects of comprehensive revenue and earnings
management.

Group Management Report
Our Group: Basic Principles

OVERVIEW OF MOST IMPORTANT PERFORMANCE
INDICATORS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2019

MOST IMPORTANT NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
INDICATORS
Entertainment Segment

— Audience shares

MOST IMPORTANT FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
Group

— Revenues

— Adjusted EBITDA

— Adjusted net income

— Leverage ratio

— Free cash ow before M&A

Segments
— External revenues
— Adjusted EBITDA

— Most important non- nancial performance indicators: The devel
opment of audience shares is a key criterion in programming and

media planning in the advertising- nanced TV business. In addition,
this data is used as a benchmark for the calculation of advertising

time prices since this indicates the number of potential custom -
ers a broadcast is able to reach. In Germany, TV usage dataiscol -
lected by GfK Fernsehforschung on behalf of Arbeitsgemeinschaft
Fernsehforschung( AGF). ProSiebenSat.1 Group analyses viewer
ratings that have been empirically collected by the institutions on

a daily basis. In addition to this data on linear TV consumption, we
also analyze digital reach gures and KPIs relating to our data-
based business models. — Development of _ProSiebenSat.1 Groups Rele -

vant Business and Market Environments

— Most important nancial performance indicators: Revenues,
adjusted EBITDAand adjusted net income are the central key g -
ures used to manage pro tability. The earnings gure adjusted
EBITDAstands for adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depre -
ciation and amortization. Reconciling items, such as M&A-related
expenses, reorganizations and legal claims, are not taken into
account so that this gure provides the Executive Committee as
the chief operating decision maker with the appropriate perfor -
mance measure to assess the operating pro tability of the Group
and the segments respectively. Adjusted net income is the adjusted

net income attributable to shareholders of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE
and provides a suitable indicator for calculating the dividend. In
addition to the adjustments from adjusted EBITDA effects of pur -

chase price allocations and other reconciling items in particular
are adjusted in the calculation.

Reconciling items can in uence or even overshadow operating per -
formance and can make a multi-year comparison dif cult. There -
fore, adjusted earnings gures constitute suitable measures of
performance with regard to sustainable pro tability. However,

the analysis of unadjusted key earnings gures provides a holis -
tic view of the expense and income structure. For this reason,

86
> Content > To Our Shareholders

ProSiebenSat.1 Group also uses in addition to the above-mentioned
EBITDAas a less

EBITDA facili -
tates international comparison, as it does not take into account the

most important nancial performance indicators
signi cant nancial performance indicator. Also,

effects of taxes and depreciation and amortization or the nanc -
ing structure.

ProSiebenSat.1 Group is investing in markets with long-term growth
opportunities and examining options to expand its portfolio. Part of

the investment strategy is the acquisition of companies that comple -
ment our value chain synergistically. A capital-ef cient leverage ratio

is a most important nancial performance indicator for the Group s

nancial planning. The leverage ratio indicates the level of net nan -
LTMadjusted EBITDA i.e. the adjusted EBITDA
that ProSiebenSat.1 Group has generated in the last twelve months

cial debt in relation to

(LTM = last twelve months). The target is a ratio of between 1.5 and
2.5 at the end of the relevant year; the target range may be exceeded
for a short period of time as a result of uctuations during the year
if, for example, important strategic investments are required. Free
cash ow before M&A is also one of the most important nancial
performance indicators. This key gure is de ned as free cash ow
adjusted for cash used and generated by M&A transactions (excl.
transaction costs) related to majority acquisitions that are carried
out and planned, the purchase and sale of investments accounted for
using the equity method and other investments with the exception
— Analysis of

of media-for-equity investments. — Compensation Report

Liquidity and Capital Expenditure

A primary objective is to increase the above earnings gures through
continuous revenue growth in all segments. The business units operate

mainly as pro t centers, which means that they act with full respon -
sibility for revenues and earnings. At the same time, this results in
exibility, which is an important element for ProSiebenSat.1 Group s
success, as the Group operates in a dynamic industry environment.
The organizational entities reach operating decisions independently

within a centrally adopted framework based on the competitive envi -
ronment. This performance-based approach supports entrepreneur -
ial activities among our employees on all levels. The new strategic
holding company is further increasing this focus and concentrating on
strategic management and alignment, management of strategic core
projects and measures, governance and capital allocation.

zation and Group Structure

— Organi -

Adjusted EBITDAis the key indicator for the Group and its segments. In
addition to adjusted EBITDA also in nancial year 2019 | EBITDAserved
as a less important performance indicator and as a basis for measur -
ing performance-based employee compensation thanks to the holistic

view of the Company s expense and income structure. From nancial

year 2020, individual employee targets and nancial bonuses will no

longer be linked. Starting in nancial year 2020, employees at senior
management levels as well as selected sales functions will receive

a performance bonus based on the company s success and on the

most important nancial performance indicators revenues, adjusted

EBITDA free cash ow before M&A (holding company) and operating
EBITDA(where nec -
IFRS

free cash ow (segments). ' Adjusted net income,
essary, adjusted for effects arising from signi cant changes in

accounting standards, from unplanned effects from M&A transactions
conducted within the reporting period, and from measurements of

Group-wide, multi-year variable compensation plans), free cash ow

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

before M&A and for the rst time relative total shareholder return
served as a variable basis for determining the Executive Committee s
compensation in nancial year 2019. — Compensation Report

i ProSiebenSat.1 Group concentrates on continually increasing value,
which in the mid-term should be re ected in an improved P7S1
(return on capital employed). From 2020, the Group is therefore man
aging investments even more consistently and evaluating each project
in the various segments according to the same target parameters. Cal
culation according to the internal rate of return of each project and the
payback period play a key role here. Accordingly, investments in trans
formation and growth projects should generate a minimum return after
taxes of 18 % anda payback period of three years. In the case of strate
gic projects, the payback period should not exceed ve years. The P7S1
ROCE is calculated as follows:

P7S1 ROCE

/L,

Adj. EBIT’
./. Pension expenses
+ Result from at equity investments

Return (ROCE)
LTM!

Balance sheet

Intangible assets (incl. Goodwill & PPA)
Property, plant & equipment
Investments accounting for using the equity
method
Media-for-equity investments
Program assets
Inventories

Capital employed Accounts receivables & other current assets

average ?

A.

Other provisions
Accounts receivables
Liabilities to at equity investments
Other liabilities

! LTM= Last twelve months

? Average of the closing capital of the last five quarters

* Adjusted EBIT: Stands for adjusted earnings before interest and taxes. It
describes the operating result (earnings before interest and taxes) adjusted for
certain influencing factors (reconciling items). These factors include the
reconciling items that flow into adjusted EBITDAas well as depreciation,
amortization and impairments from purchase price allocations.

Inthe nancial year 2019, the P7S1 ROCE was 16 % after22 % in nan

cial year 2018.

' Operating free cash flow is the cash flow measure used for performance management at segment level and is defined as operating free cash flow before interest and taxes. It is

calculated as

Group Management Report
Our Group: Basic Principles

EBITDA\ess capital expenditure (programming and other investments) and changes in net working capital

87

ROCE
> Content

> To Our Shareholders

DEFINITION OF SELECTED NON-IFRS FIGURES

ADJUSTED EBITDA
Adjusted EBITDA stands for adjusted earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization. It describes earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization, adjusted for certain in uencing
factors (reconciling items). These reconciling items include:
— M&A-related expenses include consulting expenses and other
expenses for ongoing, closed or canceled M&A transactions.
— Reorganization expenses include functional and personnel
expenses for reorganizations and restructurings. They comprise
expenses such as severance payments, leave compensation, con -
sulting costs, legal consultancy fees and impairments on non-cur -
rent assets.
— Expenses for legal claims include nes, penalties and consulting
costs in connection with signi cant ongoing or expected legal
claims.
— Fair value adjustments of share based payments include the por -
tion of the changes in the fair value of cash-settled share-based
payment plans that affects pro t or loss, which results from the
difference between the share price on the issue date and the cur -
rent price on the closing date.
— Results from changes in scope of consolidation include income
and expenses in the context of mergers, demergers, acquisitions
or disposals of Group entities.
— Results from other material one-time items include transactions
approved by the Group Chief Financial Of cer but not connected
to current operating performance. In this context, ProSiebenSat.1
Group considers transactions of at least EUR 0.5 milliontobesig -
ni cant.
— Valuation effects relating to strategic realignments of business
units primarily comprise largely expenses incurred in the context
of changes in the underlying business objective or strategy of the

unit in question.

ADJUSTED NET INCOME

Adjusted net income is the net income attributable to shareholders

of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE, adjusted for reconciling items shown
under adjusted EBITDA, as outlined above, and adjusted for addi -

tional reconciling items. These additional reconciling items include:

_Depreciation, amortization and impairments from purchase price
allocations.

_Valuation effects included in other nancial result, impairments and

valuation effects of investments, entities accounted for using the

equity method and other nancial assets recognized in other nancial

result. The Group can also acquire control over investees previously
accounted for using the equity method through multi-stage com -
pany acquisitions. Effects from the valuation of such original shares

at fair value upon initial consolidation also fall under this category.
_Valuation effects of put-options and earn-out liabilities include val -
uation, currency and interest effects of put-options and earn-out

liabilities.

_Valuation effects from interest rate hedging transactions include
ineffectiveness and de-designation effects of cash ow hedges

re cognized in other comprehensive income and effects from inter -
est rate hedging transactions for which there is no hedge account -
ingasdenedby IAS 39.

Moreover, the tax effects resulting from such adjustments are also

adjusted.

Group Management Report
Our Group: Basic Principles

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements

REPORTING AND USE OF NUN-IFRS FIGURES

In addition to the nancial information determined in accordance with
IFRS, this Annual Report also includes non- IFRS gures. The recon
ciliation of these non- IFRS gures with the corresponding

ures isshowninthe ~— Groupearnings _,

For its nancial, strategic and operating decisions, ProSiebenSat.1
Media SE uses primarily non- IFRS gures as the basis of making
decisions. These also provide investors with additional information
which also allow a multi-year performance comparison, as they are
adjusted for speci c factors. These gures are not determined on

the basis of IFRS and may therefore differ from other entities non-
IFRS gures. Therefore, they do not replace the IFRS gures and are
not more important than the IFRS gures, but they do provide sup
IFRS gures

are of particular interest to our investors for the following reasons:

plementary information. We are convinced that the non-

— Reconciling items can in uence or even overshadow operating per
formance; gures adjusted for such items therefore offer supple

mentary information for the assessment of the Company s oper
ating performance. Adjusted gures thus are more relevant for
managing the Company.

— Moreover, adjusted net income is an important factor at
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE for the calculation of the dividend pay
ment, as we want to give the shareholders a share in the Compa
ny s operating pro tability.

— The Group has implemented a holistic management system. Non-
IFRS gures are calculated consistently for the past and the future;
they form an important foundation for internal controlling and the

management s decision-making processes.

Operational and Strategic Planning

Management and planning are closely intertwined at ProSiebenSat.1
Group. Target gures are de ned and determined for various peri
ods within the context of planning, with a focus on the performance
indicators outlined above. The different levels in the planning pro
cess build on each other and are closely linked to our risk manage
ment. The Supervisory Board is also regularly informed by the Exec
utive Committee about all issues relevant to the Company s strategy,
planning, business performance, risk situation, risk management,
and compliance, both at the Supervisory Board meetings and out
side of meetings.

— Corporate planning: Corporate planning comprises operating plan
ning (budget) and long-term corporate planning (multi-year plan
ning) and constitutes a detailed quantitative depiction of strategic
planning. It is on a monthly basis for the rst year and an annual
basis for a further four years. The strategically derived targets for
the rst planning year are speci ed for the most important nan
cial and non- nancial performance indicators in a top-down/bot
tom-up process and carried forward to the multi-year planning.
The nancial gures from the income statement, statement of

nancial position and cash ow statement of individual subsid
iaries are analyzed and aggregated at segment and Group level.

— Monthly reporting and trend projections:

an important tool in planning during the year. They allow the Com
pany s expected performance for the year to be calculated on the

88

> Information

IFRS g -

Trend projections are
> Content > To Our Shareholders > Group Management Report > Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

BUDGET PLANNING AND RISK MANAGEMENT AT PROSIEBENSAT.1 GROUP

Supervisory Board and Executive

t t

Budget planning Risk management

Monitoring =“ *. Planning 1. Identi cation 2. Assessment
Strategy Internal Audit
monitors
Targets : :
Y i i processes and
KPI i 4 checks efficiency
id . .
» : >
Management 3. Management

Business Development

basis of the targets achieved to date and to be compared with the

target gures that were originally budgeted. The aim is to iden -
tify potential discrepancies between the target and actual gures
immediately and to implement the necessary countermeasures
promptly.

In 2019, the Executive Committee and the Supervisory Board also
discussed short-term and long-term targets. In addition to monthly
reporting, potential risks are reported to the Group Risk Of cer on

a quarterly basis. In particular, any changes to the early warning

risk indicators during the year and over time are analyzed here. For
example, the development of audience shares is an important early
warning indicator. Additional opportunities and therefore potential
positive deviations from projected targets are analyzed in parallel

with risk management; they are taken into account in budget plan -
ning, if their probability of occurrence is more than 50 percent.

Group Management Report 8 9
Our Group: Basic Principles
> Content > To Our Shareholders > Group Management Report

EMPLOYEES'

.
I Additional information on employees and employee matters can be
found in the separate non- nancial summary report ( — www.prosieben_-

sat1.com/en/sustainability/information/publications ).

In the period under review, the Group s average number of employ -
ees (calculated on the basis of full-time equivalents) rose by 11 % to
7,265 (previous year: 6,532). In 2019, an average of 506 employees
(previous year: 609) and thus considerably fewer than in the pre -
vious year were employed at ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE, of which
136 worked at the strategic holding company. The latter focuses on
strategic activities at Group level and the Group s management activ -
ities. Since January —_1, 2020, overarching support functions have been
bundled in the Center of Excellence and Shared Service Center. While

the average number of employees in the Entertainment segment

hardly changed year-on-year (+ 1% to 3,659 employees), there was a

7% increase in workforce in the Content Production & Global Sales
segment to 1,477 employees and, in particular due to acquisitions, a

strong increase in employees in the Commerce segment by 40 % to
2,129 employees. In Germany, Austria, and Switzerland, the Group

had an average of 6,071 full-time equivalents in the reporting period
(previous year: 5,458). As in the previous year, this amounts to 84 %
of the Group as a whole.

i The Group s personnel expenses reported in the cost of sales, selling

expenses and administrative expenses increased to EUR 707 million
in nancial year 2019 (previous year: EUR 679 million). This equates

to growth of 4 % or EUR 28 million compared to the previous year and

re ects in particular the described increase in the number of employ -

ees in the Commerce segment.

EMPLOYEES BY SEGMENT average full-time equivalents (FTEs),

2018 figures in parentheses

3,659
(3,624)
|
2,129
(1,524)
1,477 |
(1,383)
|
Content
Production &
Entertainment Global Sales Commerce

' The annual report uses the more reader-friendly variant “employees instead of *employees and employee . The chosen masculine form is representative of all genders.

Group Management Report
Our Group: Basic Principles

> Consolidated Financial Statements

> Information

EMPLOYEES BY REGION average full-time equivalents (FTEs),

2018 figures in parentheses

5,612
(5,007)
|
968
(865)
|
Germany US

459
(450)
|

Austria/
Switzer -
land

79
(84)

UK

147
(125)
|

Other

90
> Content > To Our Shareholders

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

GROUP ENVIRONMENT

ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT

In 2019, the German economy grew by 0.6
1.5%). After a strong start of the
year, which was driven for example by extraordinary effects such as
the favorable development of the construction industry, the upward

% in real terms compared
to the previous year (previous year: +

momentum in the industrial sector in particular was curbed primarily
by considerable external strains such as the imminence of Brexit and
the trade con ict between the USA and China. In the second quarter,
gross domestic product declined by 0.2 % in real terms compared to

the previous quarter; in the third quarter, it rose slightly by 0.2 %.

There was no quarter-on-quarter growth recorded in the nal quarter.

DEVELOPMENT OF GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT IN
GERMANY in ~, change vs. previous quarter

0.5
|
0.2 0.2
| ]
—0.2
0.0 |
Q4 Q3 Q2 Qi a4
2019 2019 2019 2019 2018

Adjusted for price, seasonal and calendar effects.

Source: Destatis, Press Release from February 14, 2020.

In 2019, the growth was primarily supported by the domestic econ -
omy. Private consumer spending, supported by a robust labor mar -
ket and substantial wage rises, increased by 1.6 % inrealterms (pre -
vious year: + 1.3%). The purchasing behavior was also visible in the
development of retail, which accounts for around one third of private
consumer spending. The German Federal Statistical Of ce estimates

% and 3.0 %.The
online and mail order business developed particularly dynamically

again (January to November:+ 7.4% inrealterms).TheGermanecon -
3.8%) and

2.5%). > Future Business and Industry Environment

that the real revenue growth here was between 2.9

omy was also supported by construction investments (+
government spending (+

DEVELOPMENT OF MEDIA CONSUMPTION
AND ADVERTISING IMPACT

In the last few years, digitalization has extended the range of media

usage and changed usage habits. The once strong ties between con -
tent and end devices are increasingly coming undone and the bounds
between different media are merging. This also applies to television

and video usage in general, with the following emerging trends:

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

— The same video content can be used on different screens. At the

same time, the prevalence of mobile devices such as smartphones
TV set is
giving rise to new forms of usage such as catch-up television via

and tablets alongside traditional, linear viewing via the

apps on mobile devices. Television is also becoming ever more
diverse thanks to powerful consumer electronics and innovations

inside TV sets themselves. Examples include digital television in

high de nition (| HD/UHD) and video-on-demand (VoD) on large TV
screens. This development is being driven by broadband Inter -
net access with fast data speeds and the high number of satellite
households in Germany.

— Despite the diversity of additional offerings, television, radio, and
smartphones remain by far the most-used media devices with
usage rates of around90— %..

— 91% of Germans aged between 14 and 69 watch linear television
at least occasionally (previous year: 93 % , 2014: 95 %). Alongside
reach, usage time also plays a crucial role in comparison to other
media. Television is the most relevant here, too, with daily usage
of 202 minutes (adults aged 14. —69) according to AGE

TV HOUSEHOLDS IN GERMANY BY DELIVERY
TECHNOLOGY Number of TV households

2019 ! 20187

Potential in millions (analog + digital) 38.77 38.80
Terrestrial 1.01 1.30
Cable 15.39 15.77
Satellite 17.68 17.14
IPTV 4.69 4.59

' Information as of December 1, 2019.

? Information as of December 1, 2018.

Source: AGFin cooperation with GfK / market standard TV /
VideoScope 1.3 / households.

i Daily TV usage time in Germany is measured and reported on behalf of

AGF. In order to provide the market with general data about the usage

of video content, the corresponding instruments are continously devel -
oped to also record the detailed use of video content on PCs, laptops,
tablets and smartphones. The project is designed to model these video

offerings regardless of whether they come from a television station or

a purely online provider. This therefore includes the use of media librar -
ies, offerings from Internet TV stations, and video content on tradi -
tional websites. Since 2019, ProSiebenSat.1 Group has also reported

total video viewtime, i.e. the total usage volume of minutes viewed on

the linear channels and digital entertainment platforms. — Development _

of ProSiebenSat.1 Group s relevant business and market environments

91
> Content > To Our Shareholders

PARALLEL USAGE TV/INTERNET in %

> Group Management Report

13 —

16 — B-

2 uA

21-

45 —

|
a ee - =
~
—~\o
£
|
Co
es ~
£
|
ol
—~ oe
—
ae

aQ— 41
2019 2018 2017 2016 2015
WOften MSometimes MH Seldom
Basis: 14—49 years old, TV/Internet used at least occasionally.

Source: SevenOne Media / forsa.

The ndings of the representative studies of the Media Activity Guide
2019 and ViewTime Report 2019 provide a detailed insight into
media usage behavior in Germany:

— After years of growth, the usage time of media in general has
stopped going up: For the time being, it seems that a ceiling has
been reached at 11 hours and 27 minutes a day. Germans spend an
average of 687 minutes (previous year: 713 minutes) a day on media
usage and communication. People aged between 14 and 69 spend
236 minutes or 42 % of the pure mediauseon TV (previous year:

248 minutes or 42 %); this relates to linear and alternative trans -

mission channels. Radio and content-driven Internet usage get 18 %

each, or 100 minutes (previous year: 109 minutes) and 101 minutes

(previous year: 97 minutes) respectively. Content-driven Internet

usage includes, for example, social media use, the consumption of

online videos, and online banking. The time spent reading news -

papers and magazines amounts to 22 minutes every day (previ -

ous year: 23 minutes).

— The way in which people consume video content is changing. The

use of online videos continues to increase, albeit at a slower rate

than in previous years. Nevertheless, there is a shift from linear

toward non-linear video usage. Younger people (adults aged 14 29)
TV distribution chan -
nels: Digital recordings or livestreams from station websites and

in particular make intensive use of alternative
apps account for22 % (25 minutes a day).

This is connected to the fact that
access to online content. 58

TV sets increasingly provide

% of media users now own smart TVs,
of which 77 % are actually connected to the Internet. One in ve
consumers uses streaming sticks, which bring even conventional

TV sets without Internet functionality online.

— The parallel usage of different screen media, known as second
screens, is falling slightly, but remains high at a rate of 76 % (adults
aged 14 —-49) in 2019 after 79 % inthe previous year.92 % of sec -
ond-screen users use their smartphone while watching television,

while nearly half use a laptop (45  %)or tablet (41 %).

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

— 16% of Germans use pay VoD services on a daily basis. More than
half of pay VoD use is viaa TVset, 13% onasmartphone. Free online
videos via streaming services, on video sites or TV stations video
libraries have also gained popularity in recent years. Per day, peo -
ple aged between 14 and 69 watch free online videos for an aver -
age of 26 minutes. The most popular platform for this is YouTube
LLC( YouTube ): At 12 minutes (47%), the video site accounts for
nearly half of the daily viewtime. Six minutes (23 %) of usage time
is spent on video libraries, which are particularly popular among
younger people as a supplement to linear television. They are used
by three quarters of adults aged 14 to 29 (adults aged 14 69:59 %).
Among people aged 14 to 69, over one third of video library usage

is by TV set (37 %), one quarter by smartphone (24 %).

— Germans also use social networks for 17 minutes a day (adults aged
14-69) including professional offerings and online dating sites.

i The Media Activity Guide examines the Germans usage of media on

an annual basis. The study is conducted by forsa on behalf of the adver -

tising sales company SevenOne Media. Germans media usage behavior

6, 2019, to April 2,

2019; the data analyzed relate to the rst quarter of 2019. In addition to

was surveyed in telephone interviews from March

the annual Media Activity Guide and likewise in cooperation with forsa,
we examine all forms of video and social media usage on a quarterly

basis inthe ViewTime Report . — www.sevenonemedia.de/service/research

The studies show that digitalization is increasingly opening doors to
media use, and video usage is increasingly shifting from traditional to
digital channels. Television remains the most important mass medium,
both in terms of reach and usage time. TV is also the number one
medium in terms of advertising impact:

— Linear television is now independent of the TVset. The samecon -
tent is consumed via various channels on different devices; smart -
TV set. At the same
time, new cross-media advertising spaces are emerging, which

phones and tablets are used in addition to the

coupled with the impulses of parallel usage is resulting in higher
viewer retention. This is increasing TVs relevance in marketing:
For example, 43 % of 14- to 49-year-old parallel | TV and Internet

users have bought a product online while doing so.

— TVis the most important and effective advertising medium thanks
to its high reach. In addition, video advertising on TV inspires a

greater emotional attachment to a brand than any other medium.

This results in brand loyalty among consumers and pays off for

advertisers in the short and long term. This is shown in the ROI

Analyzer .

i The ROI Analyzer was developed and launched by SevenOne Media.
Since the start of 2015, it has been continued and enhanced under

TV and video initiative Screenforce. It calculates the

e aegis of the

D

ort- and long-term sales impact of TV advertising and quanti es the

D

ort- and long-term ROI (Return on Investment). In an elaborate and
omprehensive modeling approach, data from the GfK Consumer Panel
AGF. The ROI Analyzer has found

that TV advertising works very ef ciently for advertising campaigns for

c
are merged with TV usage data from

FMCGs and increases the sale of the advertised brands not only in the

D

ort term but also over longer periods. Currently, the average short-
EUR 1.13 and

ROI is therefore around

term ROI after one year for the 70 analyzed campaigns is
will be even EUR 2.57 after ve years. The
ROI surveys. Nearly half of the

e level of the two previously done

92
> Content > To Our Shareholders

campaigns currently analyzed achieve an ROI of at least EUR 2.30 of

more than EUR 3.

DEVELOPMENT OF PROSIEBENSAT.1
GROUP'S RELEVANT BUSINESS AND
MARKET ENVIRONMENTS

Entertainment

According to PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH ( PwC ), the volume

of the entertainment market in Germany totaled around EUR 37 bil-

EUR 36 billion); of which EUR 29 billion
EUR 8 billion to the digital

EUR 29 billion and EUR7 bil-

lion, respectively), with the digital share growing by 13

lion in 2019 (previous year:
was attributable to the traditional and
entertainment market (previous year:
% year-on-
year. ProSiebenSat.1 Group achieved a market share of less than 1 %.

ProSiebenSat.1 Group has updated its strategy in order to translate

the market s high potential into growth and generate additional rev -
enues: The aim is to expand the range of local content in order to

set itself apart from global Internet platforms. At the same time, the

Group is boosting its digital reach by integrating its video offerings

across different media types. — Development of Media Consumption and
Advertising Impact

In connection with this, ProSiebenSat.1 Group is increasingly combin -
ing its linear and digital offerings and thus increasing its total reach.

Since May 2019, AGF has published a daily, convergent total reach
metric. Together with AGE the Group is driving the integration of the
YouTube platform into the analysis systems. These new indicators
account for altered media usage: The lines between different media

are increasingly blurring and the same content is more often being
consumed via various channels on different devices. The resulting
overlaps between the various forms of use can be presented with the

reach metric total reach. As a next step, this reach is to be made
addressable so that advertising can be tailored to the respective view -
ers in an optimum manner ( smart reach ). In order to reach advertis -
ing customers easily and via standardized technology, ProSiebenSat.1

Group founded the joint venture d-force GmbH ( d-force ) together

with Mediengruppe RTL Deutschland GmbH ( Mediengruppe RTL
Deutschland ). As a cross-marketer platform for booking Address -
able TV and online video inventory as well as through technical stan -
dardization, d-force is intended to create additional growth oppor -
tunities in this area. The joint venture commenced operations and
launched its rst campaigns in December 2019.

ProSiebenSat.1 Group s biggest revenue market is Germany, where
the Group holds a leading position in the TV market and has a station
pro leofsevenfree | TV brands that address different viewer groups.
Since 2010, the Group has launched four new special interest stations

in Germany, namely sixx, SAT.1 Gold, ProSieben MAX Xand Kabel Eins
Doku. In addition, ProSiebenSat.1 Group offers various advertising-

nanced free TV stations in Austria and Switzerland that comple -

ment each other.

In Germany, the Group increased its stations combined audience

share for the second time in a row in 2019, posting growth of 0.4 per -
centage points compared to the previous year. Over the year as a

whole, the Group achieved a market share of 28.2 % among 14- to
49-year-old viewers and thus the best annual market share since 2015.

The station ProSieben particularly excited audiences in 2019 with new

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

local entertainment formats such as The Masked Singer and Joko

und Klaas gegen ProSieben. For example, the nal of The Masked

Singer generated a market share of 38.1 % among 14- to 49-year-old
MAXXcelebrated the most success -
ful year since the station was launched with a market share of 1.7 %,

viewers. In addition, ProSieben

thanks in part to sports broadcasts featuring American football, rugby

and soccer. Kabel Eins increased its market share by 0.2 percentage
points to5.2 % in 2019, including new, local, live factual productions,

and is thus one of the ve most successful German private stations.

The market share of the ProSiebenSat.1 stations amounted to 27.9 %
in the fourth quarter (previous year: 28.8 %). The stations marketed
by IP Deutschland ( RTL, VOX, n-tv, Super RTL, NITRO, RTLplus and
VOXup as of December 1, 2019) had a market share of 25.7% in the
year as a whole (previous year: 24.3 %)and25.2 % inthefourth quar -
ter (previous year: 24.7 %).

The Austrian broadcasting group ProSiebenSat.1 PULS 4 GmbH
( ProSiebenSat.1 PULS 4 ) achieved a combined market share of

28.4 % among viewers aged between 12 and 49 years in 2019 (previous

year: 28.6 %) and is thus the leading private TV provider by far.Inpar -
ATV, ATV2 and PULS 4 set a new record
with a combined market share of 11.1

ticular, the Austrian stations
% among viewers aged between

12 and 49 years. September 2019 also saw the launch of PULS 24,
the Group s fourth Austria-only — TV station, and an app of the same
name. The offerings focus on news, business, live events and Austrian
content. ProSiebenSat.1 Group thus continues to extend its expertise
regarding informative content. In Switzerland, the ProSiebenSat.1 sta -
tion s audience share among 15- to 49-year-olds in the full-year was

on a par with the previous year at 17.7 %.

93
> Content > To Our Shareholders

AUDIENCE SHARES OF PROSIEBENSAT.1 STATIONS
IN GERMANY in %

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

AUDIENCE SHARES OF PROSIEBENSAT.1 STATIONS
IN SWITZERLAND in %

Target group 14 —49 years Q4 2019 Q4 2018 2019 2018
ProSiebenSat.1 Group 27.9 28.8 28.2 27.8
SAT.1 79 8.0 7.8 8.1
ProSieben 9.3 10.0 9.6 9.5
Kabel Eins 5.0 5.2 5.2 5.0
SiXX 1.5 1.3 1.4 14
SAT.1 Gold 1.6 1.5 1.6 1.6
ProSieben MAXX 17 1.8 1.7 1.6
Kabel Eins Doku 0.9 0.9 0.9 0.7
Relevant target groups! Q4 2019 Q4 2018 2019 2018
SAT.1 76 78 7.6 8.0
ProSieben 11.8 13.4 12.6 12.5
Kabel Eins 5.0 5.2 5.2 5.0
SiXX 2.1 1.7 1.8 1.9
SAT.1 Gold 3.0 2.7 3.0 2.8
ProSieben MAXX 3.3 3.1 2.8 27
Kabel Eins Doku 1.0 0.7 0.9 0.6

t groups: SAT.1: adults aged 14 —S9/ProSieben: adults aged 14-39 /
Kabel Eins: adults aged 14. —49 / sixx: women aged 14 -39/ SAT.1GOLD. women aged
40 -64 / ProSieben MAXX men aged 14 -39 / Kabel Eins Doku: menaged40 -64. /
Figures are based on 24 hours (Mon —Sun). SAT.1, ProSieben, Kabel Eins, sixx, SAT.1
GOLD, ProSieben MAXX Kabel Eins Doku; source: AGF Videoforschung in cooperation
with GfK / market standard = TV/ VideoScope 1.3 / January 1,2018—December 31, 2019.

AUDIENCE SHARES OF PROSIEBENSAT.1 STATIONS
IN AUSTRIA in %

Target group 12 —49 years Q4 2019 Q4 2018 2019 2018
ProSiebenSat.1 PULS 4 29.0 29.5 28.4 28.6
SAT.1 sterreich 3.9 5.0 3.8 46
ProSieben Austria 6.6 77 6.6 15
Kabel Eins Austria 29 2.9 2.8 28
PULS 4 49 47 4.9 4.5
sixx Austria 1.3 1.1 1.2 2
SAT.1 Gold sterreich 1.0 0.7 0.9 0.8
ProSieben MAXX Austria 1.2 1.0 1.1 0
Kabel Eins Doku Austria 0.9 0.8 0.9 0.7
ATV 49 47 4.8 43
ATV2 1.5 1.1 1.4 l

Austria: A 12-49; SAT.1 sterreich, ProSieben Austria, Kabel Eins Austria, PULS 4,

sixx Austria, ProSieben }MAXXAustria, SAT.1 Gold sterreich, Kabel Eins Doku sterreich,
ATV+ ATV2 (since April 7, 2017, at ProSiebenSat.1 | PULS 4, before that an independent
group; source: AGTT/ GfK TELETEST/ Evogenius Reporting / January 1, 2018—Decem -

ber 31, 2019 / weighted for number of people / including VOSDAL/ timeshift / standard

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

Target group 15 —49 years Q4 2019 Q4 2018 2019 2018
ProSiebenSat.1 Group 17.2 19.2 17.7 17.7
SAT.1 Schweiz 5.3 5.8 5.2 5.1
ProSieben Schweiz 5.3 6.7 5.8 6.2
Kabel eins Schweiz 2.1 2.7 2.5 2.5
sixx Schweiz 1.3 1.1 1.2 1.1
SAT.1 Gold Schweiz 1.2 0.9 0.9 1.0
ProSieben MAXX Schweiz 1.2 1.0 1.1 0.8
Puls 8 0.9 1.1 1.0 1.0

Figures are based on 24 hours (Mon
ProSieben Schweiz, Kabel Eins Schweiz, sixx Schweiz,
MAXXSchweiz, Puls 8 (since October
49-year-olds / market shares relate to German-speaking Switzerland / D
signal; source: Mediapulse TV Data.

—Sun), all platforms, overnight +7. SAT.1 Schweiz,
SAT.1 Gold Schweiz, ProSieben
8, 2015) / advertising-relevant target group: 15- to
CH/ total

In addition to this increasingly speci c, targeted approach to view -
ers, ongoing digitalization is providing ProSiebenSat.1 Group with new
revenue models for the | TV business. The distribution of programs

in high de nition (_ HD) is one example for this. Here, the Group par -
ticipates in the technical service fees that end customers pay to the
respective providers for programs in HD quality.

In Germany, ProSiebenSat.1 Group HDstationshad 10.0 million users
in 2019, 6 % more than in the previous year. In 2019, the Group also
expanded its technical reach and made new distribution agreements,
including with HD PLUS, Zattoo, Telecolumbus/Primacom and Deut -
sche Telekom. In addition, more shows were broadcast in the new ultra

high de nition( UHD) standard. The Group also offers its programs in

HD quality in Austria and Switzerland.

Partnerships emphasize the Group s strategic objective of offering
programs via as many distribution channels as possible and expand -
ing reach across different media types. In line with this entertain -
ment strategy, ProSiebenSat.1 Group founded the streaming plat -
form Joyn as a joint venture with Discovery and launched it in June

2019. The streaming service offers viewers livestreams of over 60
channels and an extensive on-demand offer of local series produced
in-house, shows, and exclusive previews. The paid Joyn PLUS+ ser -
vice with exclusive content, originals, pay TVstations,and HDcontent
was added in November 2019. At the end of 2019, seven months after

it launched, Joyn had already more than 7
devices; according to measurements by

million users across all
AGOF (Arbeitsgemeinschaft
V.), the free streaming service reached 3.46 mil-
— Organization and

Onlineforschung e.
lion unique users in Germany in December 2019.
Group Structure

A further essential component of ProSiebenSat.1 Group s portfolio is
Studio71. It pools the broadcasting group s digital content offerings

and distributes them via digital platforms. In addition, the digital stu -
dio cooperates with some of the social in uencers with the highest

reach in Germany. In 2019, Studio71 achieved over 9.9 billion video
views a month (previous year: 9.2 billion video views).

In 2019, ProSiebenSat.1 Group counted total video viewtime of
1,075,839 million minutes (previous year: 1,092,515 million minutes).
This gure represents the total number of minutes viewed across
ProSiebenSat.1 Group s linear and digital platforms. Digital viewtime
grew by 30.3 % compared to the previous year. With this development,

the Group did not fully compensate the decline in linear reach. In the

94
> Content > To Our Shareholders

fourth quarter, total video viewtime amounted to 282,795 million

minutes (previous year: 291,318 — million minutes).

Production Market

The proportion of local programming on the Group s own stations has
become a particular strategic focus. ProSiebenSat.1 Group s objec -
tive is to set itself apart from competitors with locally produced for -
mats and further hone the stations brand pro les with original pro -
ductions. For example, the German production subsidiary Redseven
produced 17.6 % of the local prime-time content for the stations
ProSieben and Kabel Eins in 2019. This is an increase of 4.3
points compared to the previous year. Similarly, Studio71 developed
and produced more new formats for the German market, such as the

SAT.1,
percentage

web series Krass Klassenfahrt for the streaming platform Joyn.

Advertising

According to Nielsen Media Research, gross TV advertising invest -
ment in Germany rose by0.8 % to EUR 16.31 billion in 2019 (previous
year: EUR 16.18 billion). In the fourth quarter of 2019, there was a 0.6 %
increase to EURS5S.50 billion (previous year: EUR5.46 billion). TV has
the greatest relevance in comparison to other media. In 2019 as a

TV advertis -
ing (previous year: 49.3. %). This gure was 51.9 % inthe fourth quar -
ter of 2019 (previous year: 52.6 %).

whole, 49.0 % of gross advertising investment went on

MEDIA MIX GERMAN GROSS ADVERTISING MARKET

in %, 2018 figures in parentheses

a—TV a c — Others
49.0 (49.3) / 13.8 (13.0)
b — Online d _ Print
11.6 (11.2) 25.6 (26.5)
a7
er?
c \

Source: Nielsen Media Research.

Data from Nielsen Media Research are important indicators for assess -
ing the advertising market s development. However, they are collected

on a gross revenue basis, meaning that they do not take account of
discounts, self-promotion or agency commission. In addition, the g -
ures alsoinclude TV spots from media-for-revenue-share and media-
for-equity transactions. Furthermore, the advertising revenues of

US such as Google LLC( Google ) and

Facebook Inc. ( Facebook ) are not re ected in the Nielsen gures and

major digital players from the

therefore do not represent the entire gross market. This also results

in the deviations to the net development of the TV advertising market.
In 2018, unlike in previous years, the German net TV advertising mar -
ket drew only limited bene t from total solid macroeconomic devel -
opment and posted a slight decline of — 1.2%. This was chie y due
to sector-speci c effects. In 2019, conditions deteriorated further.

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

Economic momentum slowed considerably, especially externally. This
restrained the advertising behavior of the highly export-oriented Ger -
man automotive industry, for example. In ProSiebenSat.1 Group s

view, the TV advertising market therefore fell markedly short of the
previous year on a net basis in 2019; there are similar assessments

from experts from the Organization of Advertisers in the German
Brands Association ( Organisation Werbetreibende im Markenver -
band OWM). Of cial data on the net TV advertising market for
2019 will be published by the German Advertising Federation ( Zen -
tralverband der deutschen Werbewirtschaft ZAW ) in May 2020.
~ Economic Development _

Against the backdrop of the developments described above, the
agency forecasts for 2019 as a whole vary considerably: The forecasts
for the German TV advertising market range between minus 0.5 %
(GroupM) and minus 3.1 % (Magna Global). As described above, the
TV advertising market fell markedly short in ProSiebenSat. 1 Group«s

view. Net forecasts for the German advertising market as a whole

range between plus 1.8 % (Magna Global) and minus 0.7 % (ZenithO -
ptimedia). In-stream video advertising is likely to have continued its
dynamic development and be driving growth on the online advertis

ing market. For the online advertising market as a whole, the agency
groups expect net growth of between 6.0 % (GroupM) and 10.0 %

(Magna Global).

TVadvertis -
ing market and generated, according to Nielsen Media Research, gross

TV advertising revenues of | EUR6.36 billion in 2019 (previous year:
EUR 6.42 billion). In the fourth quarter of 2019, revenues decreased by

3.5% to EUR 2.17 billion (previous year: EUR2.25 billion). For the full
year of 2019, this resulted in a market share of 39.0 % ; in the fourth
quarter, ProSiebenSat.1 Group achieved a market share of 39.5 %

ProSiebenSat.1 Group is the market leader in the German

(same periods of the previous year: 39.7 % and 41.2 % respectively).

MARKET SHARES GERMAN GROSS TV ADVERTISING
MARKET in %, 2018 figures in parentheses

a — SevenOne Media a d — Public
39.0 (39.7) / Stations
3.6 (3.8)

b — IP Deutschland

32.8 (32.1) s e — Others
17.9 (17.3)

c — EL-Cartel

68 (7.1)

Source: Nielsen Media Research

By selling in-stream video ads, which are shown online before, after

or during a video stream, ProSiebenSat.1 Group generated gross rev -
enues of EUR390.1 million in the full year of 2019 (previous year:
EUR 293.5 million). This corresponds to year-on-year growth of 32.9 %.
% to 47.9 %.
EUR 138.7 million here
EUR 107.0 million); this results in an advertising mar -

At the same time, the market share increased from 46.3
In the fourth quarter, the Group generated
(previous year:
ket share of 49.6 % (previous year: 47.5 %). The market volume for

advertising budgets for in-stream video ads in Germany rose by 28.6 %
to EUR 814.5 million in 2019 (previous year: EUR 633.5 million), and

95
> Content > To Our Shareholders

by 24.0 % to EUR 279.7 million in the fourth quarter (previous year:
EUR 225.6 million).

Overall, investments in online forms of advertising rose by 4.6 %
to EUR3.85 billion in 2019 (previous year: EUR3.68 billion). In the
fourth quarter, they amounted to EUR 1.19billion (previous year:
EUR 1.17billion). With these investments, the Group generated rev -
enues of EUR478.3 million in the year as a whole (+ 26.5 %) and
of EUR 171.2million in the fourth quarter (+ 36.8 %). In addition to
in-stream videos, the online advertising market also includes display

ads such as traditional banners and buttons.

In ProSiebenSat.1 Group s view, the online advertising market devel -
oped above the previous year s level on a net basis in 2019. This is
particularly attributable to the growing in-stream market.

i Nielsen Media Research designates gross gures for the online adver -
tising market in Germany. They do not comprise data from Google/You-

Tube and Facebook, among others, and therefore they do not represent

the entire market. For the overall online video market, it can be assumed

that it has grown.

Commerce

Overall, e-commerce on all digital devices in Germany is expected to

EUR 68.3 billion
% of total
retail in 2019. This was the result of a current study by the Institute

have grown by around 8.6 % toa market volume of

in 2019. As such, e-commerce probably accounted for 11

of Retail Research in Cologne (Institut f r Handelsforschung K In).
According to this study, mobile commerce is likely to have been of
great signi cance for e-commerce growth in Germany in the period

under review, with a volume of around EUR 36.6 billion (previous year:
EUR 30.7 billion). This corresponds to 53.6
Germany overall. The individual e-commerce areas differ in terms

% of online revenues in

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

of their dynamics. Relevant markets for ProSiebenSat.1 Group are
described below:

— Beauty and Lifestyle: In 2019, the German beauty and personal
EUR 14.7 bil-
% of revenues in the
% by

care market was worth EUR 15 billion (previous year:
lion). E-commerce accounted for around 27
beauty market in 2019, and this is to rise to as much as 40

2023.

— Online dating: According to Statista GmbH s ( Statista ) Digital
Market Outlook, revenues in the online dating market increased
to EUR 204 million in 2019 (previous year: EUR 195 million). The
market comprises the matchmaking, singles site and casual dat -
ing segments. Our portals Parship and ElitePartner belong to the
matchmaking segment, which generates the highest revenues in
the online dating market and accounts for roughly 43 % of total
revenues.

— Consumer Advice: The market volume of online comparison por -
tals inthe elds of energy, telecommunications, car insurance and
consumer loans in Germany is expected to come to approximately
EUR 760 million in 2019 (previous year: EUR721 million).

— Experiences: The market volume for experiences (including gift

experiences, experience-based short trips and recreational expe -

EUR 4.5 billion

in Germany in 2019. A joint study by mydays GmbH ( mydays ) and

Statista found that shared experiences were a favored gift under

riences) is expected to have come to approximately

the Christmas tree. Nearly half the men and around two-thirds of
the women surveyed said that they would be most pleased with

the gift of a shared experience for Christmas. — Future Business and

Industry Environment

TV ADVERTISING MARKETS IN GERMANY, AUSTRIA AND SWITZERLAND ON A GROSS BASIS in %

Development of the TV advertising market in Q4 2019
(Change against previous year)

Development of the TV advertising market in 2019
(Change against previous year)

+0.6 +0.8

Germany

Austria +9.1 +2.4
Switzerland + 16.3 +3.4

Market shares ProSiebenSat.1 Group Market shares ProSiebenSat.1 Group Market shares ProSiebenSat.1 Group Market shares ProSiebenSat.1 Group
Q4 2019 Q4 2018 2019 2018

Germany 39.5 41.2 39.0 39.7
Austria 44.2 43.8 44.5 43.4
Switzerland 27.1 26.4 27.6 26.4

Germany: January
Austria: January
Switzerland: January

December, gross, Nielsen Media
December, gross, Media Focus.

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

December, the advertising market shares relate to the German-speaking part of Switzerland, gross, Media Focus.

96
> Content > To Our Shareholders > Group Management Report

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

ProSiebenSat.1 Group does not carry out research and develop -
ment (R&D) in the conventional sense of an industrial company.
Nonetheless, both elds do hold a position of high importance at
ProSiebenSat.1 Group.

We conduct intensive market research in every area relevant to

our business activities and in every area in which the Company

sees growth potential. In 2019, expenses for Group-wide market

research activities amounted to around EUR 9 million (previous year:
EUR 9 million). The various research units in the Group prepare inves -
tigations and analyses on advertising impact, on trends in the adver -
tising market and digital industries as well as on media use and also

assess economic and market projections. Those responsible in the

Group use the results of the market analyses for operational and

strategic planning. At the same time, market data and analyses are

an important basis for successfully advising our advertising clients.

With its studies, the Company provides advertisers with valuable
knowledge for marketing and advertising planning, which constitutes

an important basis for investment decisions.

In the program development phase, program research also plays a

decisive role. An important task is the assessment of international TV
trends with regard to their potential for the German television market.

In addition, the corresponding research team regularly provides quan -
titative and qualitative studies and analyses of the ProSiebenSat.1

stations programming. Among other things, new formats are tested

with the aid of survey and audience screenings. Besides, this research

team also carries out ad hoc tests on shows that have already been

broadcast. Based on the results, we can adjust formats in the devel -
opment phase and optimize TV programs that have already been

broadcast, thus increasing success rates.

In the area of development, we are particularly working on mak -
ing our advertising products more intelligent. This means that we

are developing offers to target TV and video advertising to speci c
target groups. This is for example based on anonymous user data
regarding age, gender, household income or weather. In 2019, the
marketer SevenOne Media launched the Addressable TV Spot in the
advertising market in addition to its existing offerings in the area of
targeted advertising. This enables the Company s own commercials

to be cross-faded with addressable spots in all advertising blocks,

thus addressing viewers based on their interests. The offer is based

on an advertising technology that SevenOne Media developed and

has applied for a European patent. In addition, we are continuously
developing our own digital platforms, for example in the commerce

business.

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

> Consolidated Financial Statements

> Information

97
> Content > To Our Shareholders

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AND CHANGES IN
THE SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION

ProSiebenSat.1 Group regularly analyzes its portfolio and assesses
possible growth and synergy potential. This strategy includes port -
folio expansions, company disposals and investments in promising
growth areas. In this context, the following events were signi cant

in nancial year 2019. Further information can be found in the Notes.

— Notes, note 4 Scope of consolidation — Notes, note 5 Acquisitions, dispos

als and other transactions affecting the scope of consolidation — Notes, note 39

Events after the closing date

— Effective as of February 21, 2019, General Atlantic, contributed
its 41.6 % stake in Marketplace GmbH, Berlin ( Marketplace ), to
NuCom Group, by way of a capital increase. General Atlantic has
been a growth investor in NuCom Group since 2018; as of the clos -
ing date on December 31, 2018, NuCom Group also held a 41.6 %
interest in Marketplace. At the same time, NuCom Group acquired
10.5% of the shares from other shareholders of Marketplace in the
rst quarter of 2019. The newly resulting total stake of NuCom
Group and the shares held by the remaining minority sharehold -
ers were contributed effective as of February 21, 2019 to the newly
founded be Around Holding GmbH, Berlin ( be Around ). After this
contribution, 94.0 % of the voting rights and 80.0 % of the capital of
be Around are attributed to NuCom Group. The overall transaction
EUR 128 million. General Atlantic s
% to 28.4 %. be
portal), Germany s
largest online broker for products and services related to the home.

is based on a purchase price of
stake in NuCom Group thus increased from 25.1
Around operates Aroundhome (formerly K ufer

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

— In the second quarter of 2019, the Group extended the matur -

ities for most of the syndicated credit agreement consisting of
a term loan and a revolving credit facility ( RCF) until April 2024.

~ Borrowings and Financing Structure

In the third quarter of 2019, ProSiebenSat.1 Group continued the
transformation of its Entertainment business and decided to estab -
lish a new and more independent organization for this segment.

At the same time, the operating holding company, which was pre -
viously closely interwoven with the Entertainment business, was
transformed into a strategic holding company. — Organization and _

Group Structure — Strategy and Management System

98
> Content > To Our Shareholders

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

GROUP EARNINGS

SELECTED KEY FIGURES OF PROSIEBENSAT.1 GROUP

in EUR m
Absolute Change
2019 2018 change in %
Revenues 4,135 4,009 126 3.1
Total costs 3,592 3,710 -118 3.2
Operating costs 3,297 3,027 271 8.9
Operating result (EBIT) 578 348 230 66.1
Adjusted EBIT 684 850 —166 9.5
Adjusted EBITDA 872 1,013 41 3.9
Reconciling items —34 —443 409 —92.3
EBITDA 838 570 268 47.0
Financial result 6 4 2 40.9
Result before income
taxes 572 344 228 66.4
Income taxes He61 —94 —66 70.4
Net income 412 250 162 64.9
Net income attributable
to shareholders of
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE 413 248 164 66.1
Adjusted net income 387 541 154 28.5

REVENUE DEVELOPMENT

ProSiebenSat.! Groups revenues rose by 3 % to EUR4,135 million in

2019 (previous year: EUR4,009 million). Adjusted for consolidation
% . The reve -

EUR 126 million

inthe nancial year and is particularly attributable to eHarmony Inc.

( eHarmony Group ) and be Around. This was offset by effects from

and currency effects, the increase in revenues was 2
nue contribution from initial consolidations totaled

deconsolidations of EUR 110million, resulting primarily from the dis -
posal of the video-on-demand (VoD) portal maxdome in July 2018,

NXT GmbH (7 NXT) in July
2018, and of the tour operator Tropo GmbH ( Tropo ) in Septem -
ber 2018. The non- TV-advertising business share in Group revenues

of the online sports program operator 7

increased to52 % in 2019 (previous year: 48 %).

Revenues by Segment

REVENUE SHARE BY SEGMENT

in %, 2018 figures in parentheses

b — Content
Production &
Global Sales

16 (14)

a — Entertainment

b

61 (65) /
) c
c — Commerce

23 (21)

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

The individual segments contributions to Group revenues developed
as follows in 2019:
External revenues in the Entertainment segment amounted to

EUR 2,518 million (previous year: EUR2,626 million). In addition to
the above-mentioned effects in connection with the deconsolida -
tions of maxdome and 7 NXTof EUR56 million, this decline of 4 % is
TV adver -
tising business. Adjusted for consolidation and currency effects, the

decline amounted to2 %. However, the digital and smart advertising

% , but did not
TV core advertising revenues.

primarily attributable to the weaker performance of the

business continued to grow dynamically at a rate of 38
entirely compensate for the decline in
This positive development was also driven by the offering of targeted
advertising spots (Addressable TV) and by the marketing of digital
platforms such as Joyn as well as the Group s and third-party provid -
ers online offerings. Total advertising revenues fell by 2 % in nancial
year 2019. This primarily re ects the general market trend. In con -
trast, distribution revenues continued to grow due to the increasing

number of HDusers. — Group Environment

external revenues
increased by 18 % to EUR652 million (previous year: EUR552 million).
Adjusted for consolidation and currency effects, the increase in rev -

In the Content Production & Global Sales segment,

enues was 13 %. Studio71 in particular achieved high rates of growth.
The global production and distribution business also continued its
persistently dynamic revenue growth in the USA and Germany.
External revenues in the Commerce segment increased by 16 % to
EUR 965 million in 2019 (previous year: EUR 831 million). The growth
was positively in uenced by initial consolidations. These particularly
include the acquisition of eHarmony Group in November 2018 and of

be Around in March 2019, which more than compensated the opposite

effect from the sale of Tropo in September 2018. Adjusted for consoli -
dation and currency effects, the increase in revenues amounted to 8 %.
Flaconi GmbH ( Flaconi ) and WindStar Medical GmbH ( WindStar ) in
particular generated substantial growth. The performance of Verivox

GmbH ( Verivox Holding ) was impacted by a challenging market and
competitive environment, in particular as a result of the insolvency

of a low-cost electricity supplier at the beginning of 2019.

GROUP REVENUES BY SEGMENT inEuRm

Absolute Change
2019 2018 change in %
Entertainment 2,518 2,626 —108 —4.1
Content Production &
Global Sales 652 552 100 18.1
Commerce 965 831 134 16.1
Revenues 4,135 4,009 126 3.1

99
> Content > To Our Shareholders

REVENUES BY REGION in EUR m, 2018 figures in parentheses

a — Germany a c — Austria/
3,239 (3,242) / Switzerland
278 (286)
b — USA a ~~
540 (414) ~N d_ UK
— | 53 (47)
e — Others
nc 25 (21)
i ProSiebenSat.1 Group generates the majority of its revenues, i.e. 78 %,
in Germany (previous year: 81 %).
COST DEVELOPMENT
TOTAL COSTS inEURm
In % of In % of
2019 revenues 2018 revenues
Total costs 3,592 86.9 3,710 92.5
Cost of sales 2,377 57.5 2,569 64.1
Selling expenses 627 15.2 532 13.3
Administrative expenses 576 13.9 595 14.9
Other operating expenses 11 0.3 14 0.3

The Groups totalcosts fell 3% to EUR3,592 millionin nancial year
2019 (previous year: EUR 3,710 million). As a percentage of revenues,

the cost of sales fell by 6.6
by a slight increase in selling expenses as a percentage of revenues

percentage points. This decline was offset

of 1.9 percentage points. Administrative expenses as a percentage of
revenues were 0.9 percentage points lower than in nancial year 2018.
The 7 % decline in cost of sales to EUR2,377 million (previous year:
EUR 2,569 million) resulted in particular from lower consumption

of programming assets, which decreased by EUR 361 million to
EUR 1,319million). The decline in
EUR 354 million recognized
in nancial year 2018 in connection with the updated programming
strategy. In addition, the deconsolidation of maxdome in July 2018

EUR 958 million (previous year:
consumption is due to the total cost of

reduced consumption in 2019. In contrast, the cost of sales in the Com -
merce and Content Production & Global Sales segments increased as
a result of revenue growth.

The Group s selling expenses rose by 18 EUR 627 mil-
EUR 532 million). The increase relates in particu -

% year-on-year to
lion (previous year:
lar to marketing and marketing-related expenses. This is attributable
to the enhancement of the market position of Flaconi s online beauty
business as well as to consolidation effects in the Commerce segment
due to the acquisitions of eHarmony Group of EUR 43 million and be

Around of EUR 38 million in nancial year 2019.

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

Administrative expenses decreased by 3 % to EUR576 million (pre -
vious year: EUR595 million). The decline resulted in particular from
lower expenses for reorganizations and M&A-related expenses. The

Group continued its announced reorganization in nancial year 2019

and is pushing the implementation of a more independent Entertain -
ment organization and a strategic holding company. — Organization and __

RECONCILIATION OF OPERATING COSTS

in EUR m
Absolute Change
2019 2018 change in %
Total costs 3,592 3,710 118 3.2
Expense adjustments 35 462 —427 —92.5
Depreciation,
amortization and
impairments ! 260 222 38 17.0
Operating costs 3,297 3,027 271 8.9

' Of other intangible and tangible assets.

Operating costs rose by9 % year-on-yearto EUR3,297 million (pre -
vious year: EUR3,027 million). In addition to a revenue-driven cost
increase in the Content Production & Global Sales and Commerce seg -
ments, the year-on-year increase is attributable partly to investments
recognized as expense, especially in the Entertainment segment. The

Group consciously decided to invest in local content, in the expan -
sion of digital platforms as well as in improved monetization of reach.

ADJUSTED EBITDA

The adjusted EBITDA decreased by 14 % or EUR 141 million to
EUR 872 millionin nancial year 2019.The adjusted EBITDA margin

was 21.1% (previous year: 25.3 %).The earnings andmargindevelop = -
ment is explained rstly by the above-mentioned higher operating

costs and secondly by the decline in TV core advertising revenues

and the different earnings structures of the individual segments.

The Entertainment segment s
EUR 155 million year-on-year to

adjusted EBITDA declined by 18 % or
EUR 726 million. This is particularly
attributable to the decline in revenues as a result of the weaker devel -
opment inthe TV advertising market and to the above investments
recognized as expense. The adjusted EBITDA margin amounted to
28.1% (previous year: 32.4 %) and thus re ects the different margin

structures of the individual business models.

In the Content Production & Global Sales segment, adjusted EBITDA
increased signi cantly by 57 % to EUR48 million (previous year:

EUR 31 million), driven by positive revenue development in all busi -
ness areas of the segment. The adjusted EBITDA margin increased

to 6.6 % (previous year: 5.1 %).

In the Commerce segment, the Group generated adjusted EBITDA
of EUR 98 million in nancial year 2019, after EUR 103 million in the
previous year. The earnings performance is in uenced by higher
expenses, especially in connection with growth investments for the
further enhancement of the market position of individual portfolio
companies. The adjusted EBITDA margin was 10.2 % (previous year:
12.3%).

100
> Content > To Our Shareholders

ADJUSTED EBITDA BY SEGMENT in EUR m

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

Absolute Change Adjusted EBITDA margin Adjusted EBITDA margin
2019 2018 change in % 2019 (in %) ! 2018 (in %)
Entertainment 726 881 55 H7.6 28.1 32.4
Content Production & Global Sales 48 31 18 57.5 6.6 5.1
Commerce 98 103 4 4.3 10.2 12.3
Total adjusted EBITDA 872 1,013 141 13.9
' Based on total segment revenues.
The following table shows the reconciliation of adjusted EBITDAto structure to the constantly changing market environment in order to
net income: make it t for the future. Expenses for other one-time items amounted
to EURS million (previous year: EUR 14 million). The previous year s
RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED EBITDA TO gure was impacted by expenses of other accounting periods in the
NET INCOME in EuR m Entertainment and Commerce segments. Fair value adjustments of
share-based payments of EUR5 million (previous year: EUR8 mil-
2019 2018 Aprolite Change lion) and the valuation effects relating to strategic realignments of
Adjusted EBITDA 872 1,013 441 13.9 business units of EUR 23 million (previous year: EUR-354 million)
Reconciling items 34 443 409 923 had an opposite effect. These resulted from a partial reversal of pro -
EBITDA 838 570 268 47.0 visions for onerous contracts recognized in the previous year due to
Depreciation, lapsed acceptance obligations. The previous year s effect primarily
amortization and includes the impairment of |. EUR 178 million (of which EUR 122 million
impairments 0) 222 38 70 from the transaction with Joyn) and the recognition of provisions for
thereof from purchase : : :
price allocations 69 50 18 363 onerous contracts in connection with the future acceptance of pro -
Operating result (EBIT) 578 348 230 66.1 gramming assets of EUR 176 million (of which EUR 168 million from
Financial result 6 _4 9 40.9 the transaction with Joyn).
Income taxes 61 —94 —66 70.4
Net income 412 250 162 64.9 Depreciation, amortization and impairments rose by EUR 38 million

In nancial year 2019, the Group s EBITDA increased by 47 % or
EUR 268 million and amounted to EUR 838 million. EBITDAincludes
reconciling items of minus EUR 34 million, compared to minus

EUR 443 million in the previous year, which comprise the following:

PRESENTATION OF THE RECONCILING ITEMS inEuRm

to EUR 260 million (previous year: EUR222 million). This develop -

ment is primarily based on higher amortization of intangible assets.

FINANCIAL RESULT

The nancial result totaled minus
EUR +4 million). The interest result
improved by EUR8 million to minus EUR 56 million (previous year:

EUR6 million (previous year:
included in the nancial result

2019 2018 EUR-63 million). The result from investments accounted for using
Income from changes in scope of consolidation 0 18 the equity method —_, also recognized in the nancial result, amounted
Income from other one-time items 0 1 to minus EUR50 million (previous year: EUR—43 million) and primar -
Income adjustments 1 19 ily includes the Group s share of Joyns pro t or loss — Notes, note 12
M&A related expenses —12 —34 Interest result — Notes, note 13 Result from investments accounted for using
Reorganization expenses —45 —68 the equity method and other_nancial result
Expenses for legal claims 0 1
Fair value adjustments of share-based payments 5 8 The other nancial result amounted to EUR 100 million (previ -
Expenses for other one-time items = a4 ous year: EUR72 million) and includes income from the change in
Valuation effects relating to strategic put-options and earn-out liabilities of EUR 76 million (previous year:
realignments of business units 23 —354 ye foes . :
- EUR 59 million). The largest individual items were valuation effects

Expense adjustments —35 —462 . . . os .

——— relating to Studio71 and the social advertising provider esome adver -
Reconciling items —34 —443

Costs in the amount of | EUR 12 million resulted from M&A projects

(previous year: EUR34 million), which were mainly attributable to

the Entertainment segment. In nancial year 2019, reorganization
expenses amounted to EUR45 million (previous year: EUR68 mil-
lion). These are in uenced by the reorganization of the Group and

mainly include expenses such as severance payments and leave com -
pensation. The Group has continued its announced reorganization

and is particularly pushing the implementation of a more indepen -
dent Entertainment organization and a strategic holding company.
ProSiebenSat.1 Group thus continues to exibly adapt the Group s

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

tising technologies GmbH (esome ). In addition, the income from
valuation effects from nancial instruments included in the other

EUR 17 million to EUR 41 million (previ -
EUR 25 million). This increase resulted in particular from

nancial result increased by
ous year:
the earnings effect of the sale of shares in the global video service

EUR 22 million and from the
EUR 26 million) in
connection with the increase in the share and full consolidation of the

Pluto Inc. ( Pluto ) in the amount of
reassessment of the former shares in Marketplace (

newly founded be Around. Results of currency conversion of minus
EUR9 million (previous year: EUR-S million) and nancing costs of
minus EUR 10 million (previous year:

site effect on the other nancial result.

EUR-7 million) alsohadanoppo -

101
> Content > To Our Shareholders

The developments described resulted in an increase in the result
before income taxes of 66 % to EUR572 million (previous year:
EUR 344 million). Incometaxes amountedto EUR 161million (previous

year: EUR 94 million) with a tax rate of 28.1% (previous year: 27.4 %).

NET INCOME AND ADJUSTED NET INCOME

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

recognized in the other nancial result as well as the expenses result -
ing from restructuring and portfolio measures. Basic adjusted earn -
ings per share amounted to EUR 1.71 (previous year: EUR 2.36). > Notes.

note 14 Income taxes ~ Notes, note 15 Earnings per share

RECONCILIATION OF THE INCOME STATEMENT inEURm

2019 Adjust- 2019
IFRS ments adjusted
Net income increased by 65 % to EUR 412 million (previous year: Revenues 4,135 jl 4,135
EUR 250 million). The net income attributable to shareholders of Total costs 3,592 106 3,485
ProSiebenSat. 1 Media SE rose by 66 % to EUR413 million (previous Other operating income 35 1 35
year: EUR 248 million). Operating result (EBIT) 578 —106 684
Depreciation, amortization and
impairments 260 72 88
RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED NET INCOME in EUR m EBITDA 838 34 872
Depreciation, amortization and
Absolute Change impairments 260 2 88
See Financial result —6 106 13
Net income a 250 162 64.9 Result before income taxes 572 1 572
Reconciling items 34 443 —409 —92.3 Income taxes 161 4 185
Depreciation, amorti - Net income 412 25 386
zation and impairments ————
from purchase price
allocations ! 70 52 18 35.2 Net income attributable
Valuation effects of to shareholders of
financial instruments 41 23 9 83.7 ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE 413 26 387
Valuation effects of Net income attributable to
put-options and earn-out non-controlling interests 4 Ho 0

liabilities 70 54 17 30.9
Valuation effects from
interest rate hedging

transactions 3 2 J 66.2
Other effects 10 9 1 8.1
Tax effects on

adjustments —24 —133 108 81.6
Total 386 542 —156 —28.8
Net income attributable to

non-controlling interests al 1 2 ~

Adjustments attribut -
able to non-controlling

interests 4 4 0 ~
Net income attributable to

adjusted non-controlling

interests 0 2 2 ~
Adjusted net income 387 541 154 28.5
Adjusted earnings per

share (in EUR) 1.71 2.36 —9.65 27.7

' Including effects on associates consolidated using the equity method in the amount of
EUR I million (previous year: EUR I million)

EUR 41 million
EUR 23 million). As already explained in the nancial
result, they resulted primarily from the sale of Pluto ( EUR 22 mil-
lion) and from the reassessment of the former shares in Marketplace

Valuation effects in other nancial result amounted to
(previous year:

(EUR 26 million), and were partially offset by other valuation effects
of EUR 8 million.

The valuation effects of put-options and earn-out liabilities of
EUR 70 million (previous year: EUR54 million) mainly derive from
the reassessment of the put-options relating to Studio7 1 and the earn-

outs relating to esome.
Incontrast, adjusted net income fell by 28 % to EUR 387 million (pre -
vious year: EUR 541 million) and primarily re ects the development of
adjusted EBITDA This item is adjusted by the mentioned reconciling

items and presented in the reconciliation. These include the effects

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

102
> Content > To Our Shareholders

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

GROUP FINANCIAL POSITION AND
PERFORMANCE

ANALYSIS OF LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
EXPENDITURE

CASH FLOW STATEMENT inEuRm

2019 2018

Cash flow from operating activities 1,603 1,459

Cash flow from investing activities — 396 — 536

Free cash flow 207 78

Cash flow from financing activities 294 —468

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash

and cash equivalents 6 17

Change in cash and cash equivalents 81 —528

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of

reporting period 1,031 1,559

Cash and cash equivalents at end of

reporting period 950 1,031
In nancial year 2019, ProSiebenSat.1 Group generated a cash ow

from operating activities of EUR 1,603 million (previous year:
EUR 1,459 million). The 10 % increase is primarily attributable to a
tax refund in the second quarter of 2019, lower tax prepayments for

the current nancial year and a positive change in working capital.

INVESTMENTS BY SEGMENT!

in %, 2018 figures in parentheses

a — Entertainment b b — Content
95 (97) / y Production &
Global Sales

/ 2 (1)

c — Commerce

3 (2)

' Investments by segment before M&A activities

For nancial year 2019, the Group reports cash ow from investing
EUR-4,536 mil-

%,re ecting lower pay” -

activities of minus EUR 1,396 million (previous year:
lion). The cash out ow thus decreased by 9
ments for additions to the scope of consolidation and, conversely,

increased payments for other intangible assets and nancial assets.

— In2019, the cash out ow for additions to the scope of consolidation
amountedto EUR100 million (previous year: EUR302 million). This
primarily includes the deferred purchase price payments for the
technology holding company Virtual Minds AG ( Virtual Minds )
and for Studio71 of EUR 36 million and EUR 30 million, respectively,
and the purchase price payment for the increase in the share in be
Around of EUR 10 million. The relatively high gure for the previ -
ous year includes purchase price payments for the acquisition of

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

eHarmony Group, health brand Zirkulin, esome, the online cancel -
lation service Aboalarm GmbH ( Aboalarm ) and the e-commerce
marketer Kairion GmbH ( Kairion ) and deferred purchase price
payments for Verivox Holding, Virtual Minds, and the US produc -
tion companies Kinetic Content | LLC( Kinetic Content ) and Fabrik
Entertainment, LLC( Fabrik Entertainment ).

EUR 62 million;
EUR 9 million) is included in the payments for the

The cash out ow from capital increases in Joyn (
previous year:
acquisition of nancial assets of
EUR 44 million).

EUR75 million (previous year:

.
I Assets resulting from initial consolidations are not reported as seg -
ment-speci c investments. Cash and cash equivalents used for the
acquisition of the initially consolidated entities are shown as cash

out ow from additions to the scope of consolidation.

— The cash out ow for the acquisition of programming rights was on
a par with the previous year at EUR 1,072 million (previous year:

EUR 1,070 million). The previous years gure includes the cash

out ow for the acquisition of programming rights for maxdome;

the video-on-demand portal was deconsolidated in 2018. As in the

previous year, 100 % of the programming investments were made

in the Entertainment segment.

i Programming investments are a focal point in investing activities. In

addition to the purchasing of licensed formats and commissioned pro -
ductions, in-house formats secure the Group s programming supply.

They are based on the development and implementation of own ideas and,

unlike commissioned productions, are produced primarily for broadcast -
ing in the near future. For this reason, they are recognized immediately

as an expense in cost of sales and are not considered as an investment.

— Investments in property, plant and equipment amounted to
EUR 54 million and were thus on a par with the previous year
(EUR 55 million). Besides technical facilities and leasehold improve -
ments, they related to the new campus at the Unterf hring site.
EUR 159 million went on other intangible assets in 2019 (previous
year: EUR 106 million) and include software, licenses from the mar -
keting of digital offerings and industrial property rights. At 61 %,
the majority of the investments were attributable to the Entertain -
ment segment (previous year: 68 %).

The developments described resulted in a free cash ow of
EUR 207 million for 2019 (previous year: EUR -8 million).

M&A cash ow amounted to minus EUR 133 million in 2019, after
minus EUR 321 million in the previous year. This development is due to
lower cash out ows for additions to the scope of consolidation com -
pared to the previous year. Increased payments for nancial assets,
primarily in relation to Joyn, had the opposite effect.

103
> Content > To Our Shareholders

The free cash ow before M&A amounted to EUR339 million (previ -
ous year: EUR 244 million). This equates to an increase of 39 % , which
resulted from lower tax payments and better management of work -
ing capital as of the end of the year. This was countered by increased
investments in other intangible assets.

i Free cash ow: Total cash and cash equivalents generated in operat -
ing business less the balance of cash used and generated in the con -
text of investing activities. Free cash ow before M&A: Free cash ow

adjusted for cash used and generated by M&A transactions (excl. trans -
action costs) related to majority acquisitions that are carried out and

planned, the purchase and sale of investments accounted for using the

equity method and other investments with the exception of media-for-

equity investments.

amounted to minus EUR294 mil-
EUR—-468 million). The lower cash out ow
than in the previous year is based rstly on the dividend payment

of EUR 269 million (previous year: EUR442 million) made in June
2019. Secondly, the comparatively high gure for 2018 is dominated

Cash ow from nancing activities
lion in 2019 (previous year:

by cash out ow of | EUR 221 million for purchase price payments for
additional shares in the already controlled Parship Group ( Parship

Group ) and the acquisition of additional shares in SilverTours GmbH

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

( SilverTours ) and Sonoma Internet GmbH ( Sonoma ; operator of
the online shop Amorelie). In addition, there was cash out ow of
EUR 50 million from the Group s share buyback program in 2018. Cash
in ow from the sale of shares in NuCom Group to General Atlantic in
the amount of EUR 286 million had an opposite effect.

EUR 950 million as of the end
EUR 1,031 million). The Group thus has a
EUR 81 million decline in cash and
31, 2018, resulted from the

Cash and cash equivalents amounted to
of the year (previous year:
comfortable level of liquidity. The
cash equivalents compared to December
cash ows described.

RECONCILIATION OF FREE CASH FLOW BEFORE M&A MEASURES in EURm

M&A Cash flow

Total cash flow cash flow before M&A
Cash flow from operating activities 1,603 —/— 1,603
Proceeds from disposal of non-current of assets 39 37 3
Payments for the acquisition of other intangible and tangible assets 213 —/— 213
Payments for the acquisition of financial assets 75 14 2
Proceeds from disposal of programming assets 20 —/— 20
Payments for the acquisition of programming assets —1,072 —/— —1,072
Payments for the issuance of loan receivables od od —/—
Cash flow from obtaining control of subsidiaries or other businesses
(net of cash and cash equivalents acquired) —100 —100 —/—
Cash flow from losing control of subsidiaries or other businesses
(net of cash and cash equivalents disposed of) 5 5 —/—
Cash flow from investing activities —1,396 —133 —1,264
Free cash flow 207 133 339

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

104
> Content > To Our Shareholders > Group Management Report > Consolidated Financial Statements > Information
CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS in EUR m
1,603 1,264
| |
133
| 294
1,031 = 6 950
x :
Cash flow
from investing
Cash and cash Cash flow activities Cash flow Effect of foreign Cash and cash
equivalents from investing (not including from financing exchange rate equivalents
0101/2019 activities M&A cash flow) M&A cash flow activities changes 12/31/2019

GROUP FINANCIAL POSITION AND
PERFORMANCE

Analysis of Assets and Capital Structure

Totalassets amountedto EUR6,618 millionasofDecember 31,2019
(December 31,2018: EUR6,468 million), anincrease of 2 %.The most
important items in the statement of nancial position are described

in more detail below.

— Current and non-current assets: As of December 31,2019, good -
will increased by 7 % to EUR2,109 million (December 31, 2018:
EUR 1,962 million); its share in total assets was 32 % (December 31,
2018: 30 %). Other intangible assets increased slightly by 1 % to
EUR 835 million (December 31, 2018: EUR 824 million). Property,
plant, and equipment increased by 7 % to EUR 351 million (Decem -
ber 31, 2018: EUR 327 million). The developments described are
mainly in uenced by the initial consolidation of be Around. This is
countered bya65 % decline in investments accounted for using the
equity method to EUR27 million(December 31, 2018: EUR77 mil-
lion). This is chie y due to the contribution of Marketplace to be
Around and the sale of Pluto.

Other non-current nancial and non- nancial assets grew by

29% to EUR 320 million (December 31, 2018: EUR 249 million).
This increase was primarily due to new media-for-equity invest -
ments and the positive development of long-term foreign currency

hedges. In contrast, other current nancial and non- nancial assets

fell by 8 % to EUR 113million (December 31,2018: EUR 122 million).
This is mainly due to the decline in short-term foreign currency
hedges.

Programming assets increased by 8 % year-on-year and amounted

to EUR 1,204 million (December 31, 2018: EUR 1,114million). They
made up 18 % of total assets as of the end of the year (Decem -
ber 31, 2018: 17%) and comprise non-current and current program -
ming assets.

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

The table below shows the development of programming assets:

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN PROGRAMMING
ASSETS inEURm

2019 2018
Carrying amount 1/1 1,113 1,198

Additions 1,170 ,070
thereof Entertainment segment ! 1,167 ,070
thereof Content Production & Global Sales
segment 3 0

Disposals HA7 4

Consumption —1,061 —1,141
thereof Entertainment segment —1,061 —1,141

Other change 2 4

Carrying amount 12/31 1,204 1,113

Change in programming assets compared

to previous year 91 —85

' EUR 51 million of the additions in financial year 2019 have already been recognized
in profit or loss through provisions for onerous contracts recognized in financial
year 2018 (previous year: EUR9 million). See Group Earnings.

This results in the earnings effects from programming assets
shown in the following table, which are entirely attributable to
the Entertainment segment:

EARNINGS EFFECTS OF PROGRAMMING ASSETS

in EUR m
2019 2018
Consumption 1,061 1,141
Change in provision for onerous contracts —103 178
Consumption incl. change in provision for
onerous contracts 958 1,319

105
> Content > To Our Shareholders

EUR 950 million. This
% or EUR 81 million compared to Decem_ -
— Analysis

Cash and cash equivalents amounted to
equates to a decline of 8
ber 31, 2018, and re ects the development of cash ow.
of Liquidity and Capital Expenditure

— Equity: Equity increased by 20 % or EUR219 million to
EUR 1,288 million. The corresponding equity ratio therefore rose
to 19.5% (December 31, 2018: 16.5%). This development is based
on the positive total comprehensive income and the contribution
of the shares in Marketplace by General Atlantic, which led to the
increase in non-controlling interests. This was offset by the divi -
dend payment for 2018 in the amount of EUR 269 million (previ -
ous year: EUR 442 million).
— Current and non-current liabilities: Debt did not change signi -
cantly compared to the closing date in 2018; overall, liabilities and
provisions fell slightly by 1 % compared to December 31, 2018, to
EUR 5,330 million (December 31, 2018: EUR5,398 million). This
item is shaped by contrasting effects: The higher trade payables
were offset by the payment of and valuation effects from put option
liabilities and by the decrease in provisions for onerous contracts.
Non-current and current nancial debt reported in debt was also
virtually unchanged and amounted to EUR 3,195 million (Decem -
ber 31, 2018: EUR 3,194 million).

The net working capital
EUR 156 million as of December
EUR -22 million).

of ProSiebenSat.1 Group was minus
31, 2019 (December 31, 2018:

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

NET WORKING CAPITAL inEURm

12/31/2019 12/31/2018
Inventories 48 42
Receivables 541 538
Trade payables 746 602
Net working capital —156 —22

Trade payables rose by EUR 143 million as of the reporting date com -
paredtoDecember 31,2018. The ratio of average net working capital
to revenues of the past twelve months was minus 3.8 % asofDecem -

ber 31, 2019 (previous year: — 0.5 %).

BORROWINGS AND FINANCING STRUCTURE

ProSiebenSat.1 Group uses various nancing instruments and prac -
tices active nancial management. As of December 31, 2019, debt had
not signi cantly changed and accounted for 81 % of total equity and
liabilities (December 31, 2018: 83 %). The majority of the total debt,

at EUR 3,195 million or 60 % (December 31, 2018: 59 %), was attrib -
utable to current and non-current nancial debt. — Analysis of Assets _

and Capital Structure

The Group continuously monitors and assesses developments on the
money and capital markets. In April 2019, the Group extended the
maturities for most of the syndicated credit agreement consisting of a

STRUCTURE OF THE STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION in ~

Of which non-current
programming assets

in EUR m
1,057 937

R= 69 —

Of which current
programming assets
in EUR m
148 177

28 - 31 —

12/31/2019 12/31/2018

ASSETS

HE Non-current Assets Wi Current Assets

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

19 — Of which non-current
financial liabilities
in EURm
3,190 3,189
60 — 61 —

Of which current
trade payables
in EURm
746 602

12/31/2019 12/31/2018

LIABILITIES

WeEquity MH Non-current Liabilities Current Liabilities

106
> Content > To Our Shareholders

RCF) until April 2024. Inaddi_ -
tion, ProSiebenSat.1 Group has notes in the amount of EUR 600 million.
The notes are listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg stock
exchange ( ISINDEO00A11QFA7); the coupon of the notes is 2.625
annum. Since 2016, the Group s portfolio has also included three syn -
dicated promissory notes totaling EUR500 million with maturities of
seven years (| EUR225 million ata xed interest rate and EUR50 mil-
EUR 225 million at a

term loan and a revolving credit facility (

% per

lion at a variable interest rate) and ten years (
xed interest rate).

DEBT FINANCING INSTRUMENTS AND MATURITIES AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2019 inEURm

Term Loan
1,949
|
Non RCF!
oles
7
600 . 676
| Promissory Promisso1
ry
Notes Notes
RCF! mei st 275 225
74 | |
. J
— [a
April April April December April April December
2021 2023 2023 2023 2024 2024 2026
' Not drawn.

.
I Rating agencies do not take ProSiebenSat.1 Group s loan agreement
or notes into account in their credit ratings. For this reason, no corre -

sponding statements are made here.

Interest payable on the syndicated term loan and the syndicated
revolving credit facility (| RCF) is variable and based on Euribor money
market rates plus an additional credit margin. The Group uses deriv -
ative nancial instruments in the form of interest rate swaps and

interest rate options to hedge against interest rate changes caused

by the market. Asof December 31, 2019, the xed interest was approx -
imately 98 % (December 31, 2018: approx.98 %).Asof December 31,
2019 the average xed rate of the interest rate ceiling of the inter -
est rate caps is 1.0 % per annum (previous year: 1.0 %) for maturities
in the 2020 nancial year and 0.0 % per annum for the period until
2024. — Analysis of Assets and Capital Structure

Financing Analysis

The leverage ratio is a key indicator for Group-wide nancial and
investment planning. It re ects the ratio of net nancial debt to
adjusted EBITDAover the last twelve months( LTMadjusted EBITDA).
The target is a ratio between 1.5 and 2.5 at the end of the relevant

31, 2019, was slightly above
31, 2018: 2.1). While gross nan -
cial debt was almost stable, the cash ows shown in the cash ow

year. The leverage ratio as of December
this target corridor at 2.6 (December

statement resulted in a slight decline in cash and cash equivalents

and therefore an increase in net nancial debt by EUR 82 million to
EUR 2,245 million (previous year: EUR 2,163 million). In addition, the
year-on-year decline in adjusted EBITDAas a result of lower TVcore

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

advertising revenues and the described investments recognized as
expense in the Entertainment and Commerce segments had a negative
impact onthe leverage ratio. ~ Analysis of Liquidity and Capital Expenditure

i AsofDecember 31, 2019, the de nition of ProSiebenSat.1 Group s net

nancial debt does not include lease liabilities according to IFRS 16 of
EUR 171 million (December 31, 2018: EUR 155 million) and real estate
liabilities of EUR 48 million(December 31,2018: EUR 22 million).

NET FINANCIAL DEBT! in EURm

2.245 2,163
|
12/31/2019 12/31/2018
LEVERAGE RATIO!
2.6
|
21
|
12/31/2019 12/31/2018

' Net financial debt is defined as financial debt minus cash and cash equivalents.
The leverage ratio is derived by calculating the ratio of net financial debt to adjusted
EBITDAof the last twelve months (| LTMadjusted EBITDA)

107
> Content > To Our Shareholders > Group Management Report

PRINCIPLES AND OBJECTIVES OF
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT

The Central Treasury department centrally controls nancial man -
agement throughout the Group and pursues the following objectives:

— tosecure nancial exibility and stability, i.e. to maintain and opti -
mize the Group s funding ability,

— to ensure that the entire Group remains solvent by managing its
liquidity ef ciently across the organization,

— tomanage nancial risks by using derivative nancial instruments.

The Group nancial management covers the capital structure man -

agement and Group-wide funding, cash and liquidity management,

and the management of market price risks, counterparty risks and

credit default risks. This includes the following tasks:

— Capital structure: In connection with capital structure manage -
ment at ProSiebenSat.1 Group, managing the leverage ratio is given
particular priority. The Group takes into account factors such as the
level of market receptivity, funding terms and conditions, exibility
or restrictions, diversi cation of the investor base and maturity
pro les in its choice of suitable nancing instruments. The Group
manages its funds on a centralized basis.

— Cash and liquidity management: As part of its cash and liquidity

management, the Group optimizes and centralizes cash ows and

secures liquidity across the Group. Cash pooling is an important tool

here. Using rolling, Group-wide liquidity planning, ProSiebenSat.1

> Consolidated Financial Statements

Group captures and forecasts both operating cash ows and cash
ows from non-operating activities, thus deriving liquidity sur
pluses or requirements. Liquidity requirements are covered either
by existing cash positions or the revolving credit facility ( RCF).
Management of market price risks: The management of market
price risks comprises centrally managed interest rate and currency
management. In addition to cash instruments, derivatives in the
form of conditional and unconditional forward transactions are
deployed. These instruments are used for hedging purposes and
serve to limit the effects of interest and currency volatility on net
income and cash ow.

Management of counterparty and credit default risks: The man
agement of counterparty and credit default risks centers on trad

ing relationships and creditor exposure to nancial institutions.

When entering into trading transactions, ProSiebenSat.1 Group

pays attention to ensuring that business is widely diversi ed involv

ing counterparties of suf ciently high credit quality. For this pur

pose, the Group draws on external ratings supplied by international
agencies. The Group s risk with respect to nancial institutions
arises primarily from its investment of cash and cash equivalents

and from its use of derivatives as part of its interest rate and cur

rency management activities.

OVERALL ASSESSMENT OF THE BUSINESS PERFORMANCE - MANAGEMENT VIEW

Our most important nancial and non- nancial performance indi -

cators developed largely in line with the guidance in nancial year

development of the Verivox consumer portal also played a role here,

as its revenues and earnings were affected by a challenging market

> Information

2019. Revenues rose by3  % in the mid single-digit percentage range
to EUR 4,135 million (previous year:
adjusted net income was lower than in the previous year, as announced,

at EUR 387 million (previous year: EUR 541 million) and re ected the

EUR 4,009 million). By contrast,

and competitive environment, particularly as a result of the insol
vency of a low-cost electricity provider in the beginning of 2019. As
announced in November 2019, adjusted EBITDA in this segment was

around EUR 100 million.

development of adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA declined by 14 %
EUR 1,013 million). The adjusted

EBITDA margin was 21.1 % and the adjusted net income conversion rate

to EUR 872 million (previous year: ProSiebenSat.1 Group is driving the digital transformation forward

across the Group and is expanding its TV business with digital entertain -

was 44 %. Both gures were slightly lower than the gures forecast
at the start of the year, which were subject not only to the effects of
investments recognized as expense in the Entertainment business and
the Commerce business, but also as announced to the development
ofthe Companys TV core advertising revenues and the macroeconomic
environment. As of the end of the year, TV core advertising revenues
were down5 % year-on-year on account of increased macroeconomic
uncertainties, which meant weaker than originally projected develop

ment of the TV advertising business. Consequently, the earnings g
ures re ect the earnings scenario that the Group forecast in Novem
ber 2019. The development of the leverage ratio should also be seen
in this context. In contrast to the projection at the start of the year,
earnings in the Commerce business were slightly lower than the pre
vious years gure. This is because, over the course of the year, the
Group had decided to further accelerate and strengthen the compet
itive position in the online beauty business through additional invest

ments recognized as expense in the portfolio company Flaconi. The

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

ment offerings to serve various media usage interests. We are respond -

ing to the change in viewer behavior with a sharper focus on local pro

gramming. With this programming strategy, we have laid an important
foundation for a modern and forward-looking entertainment business
and have further increased our audience share 0.4 percentage points
to 28.2 % in the German market. This is the Group s most important

non- nancial performance indicator.

Advancing digitalization and the associated changes in media usage
entail both major opportunities and new challenges for us. This is
re ected in the Group s revenue performance. While revenues increased

as expected in both the Content Production & Global Sales and Com
merce segments, revenues in the Entertainment segment even
adjusted for portfolio effects were below the previous year. There
was highly dynamic growth in the digital and smart advertising business,
but this only partly compensated for the decline in TV core advertis

ing revenues. This re ects in particular the increased macroeconomic

108
> Content > To Our Shareholders > Group Management Report > Consolidated Financial Statements

> Information

uncertainties associated with the general decline of the TV advertising organization in which the content areas, the digital platform businesses

market and structural changes in media consumption. and their monetization are more closely integrated. By bundling our

market expertise, we can offer our viewers or users entertaining and

2019 was a challenging year in which we further developed our strat = relevant content that they can consume on their choice of platform.
egy to respond to changes in the media market. In order to make the The same goes for advertising clients, who bene t from our marketing
organization even more agile and drive forward digital transformation, innovations across all channels and from better addressed advertising
the Group is establishing a new and more independent Entertainment thanks to databased offerings.

COMPARISON OF ACTUAL AND PROJECTED BUSINESS PERFORMANCE FOR THE GROUP

Actual figures. Forecast FY 2019 Q2 2019 Q3 2019 Actual figures
2018 March 7, 2019 gst 7, 2019 November 7, 2019 2019
Revenues 4,009 Increase in the mid single-digit Confirmation of the fore - Confirmation of the fore - 4,135
(in EUR m) percentage range, based on cast from March 7, 2019, cast from March 7, 2019, an increase of
at least stable or only slightly subject to the development subject to the development 3.1 %
declining TV core advertising of the macroeconomic of the macroeconomic
revenues in the Entertainment environment and the TV environment and the TV
segment and a stable macroeco - advertising market in the advertising market
nomic environment second half of 2019
Adjusted EBITDA margin 25.3 % 22% —25%; based on at least Confirmation of the fore - Adjusted EBITDA margin at 21.1 %
(in %) stable or only slightly declining cast from March 7, 2019, the lower end of the target
TV core advertising revenues subject to the development range of 22% to 25%
in the Entertainment segment of the macroeconomic subject to the development
and a stable macroeconomic environment and the TV of the macroeconomic
environment. Should the general advertising market in the environment and the TV
conditions deteriorate beyond second half of 2019 advertising market; should
the assumptions made, this TV core advertising reve -
would have a negative impact nues decline by up to a high
on profitability inthe Entertain = - single-digit percentage
ment segment and at Grouplev = - in Q4 alongside planned
el. Provided stable to only slight - additional investments
ly declining TV core advertising recognized as expense,
revenues in the Entertainment adjusted EBITDA could fall
segment in the full-year, there is to around EUR 850 million
the assumption that the impact
of the planned investments rec -
ognized as expense on adjusted
EBITDA of the Group in full-year
2019 will be restricted to a mid
double-digit million figure com -
pared to the previous year.
Adjusted net income 53.4 % Around 50% = Adjusted net income below 44%
(conversion rate of previous year
adjusted EBITDA to
adjusted net income in %)
Leverage ratio 21 x 1.5-2.5x = = 2.6 x
(net financial debt/LTM
adjusted EBITDA)
Free cash flow 244 Stable _— _— 339
before M&A
(in EUR m)

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019

109
> Content > To Our Shareholders > Group Management Report > Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

COMPARISON OF ACTUAL AND PROJECTED BUSINESS PERFORMANCE FOR THE GROUP

Actual figures. Forecast FY 2019 Q2 2019 Q3 2019 Actual figures
2018 March 7, 2019 August 7, 2019 November 7, 2019 2019

Entertainment

External revenues 2,626 Stable; under the condition of — — 2,518
(in EUR m) stable or only slightly declining
TV core advertising revenues as
well as a contrary positive devel -
opment of other Entertainment
revenues and based on a stable
macroeconomic environment.
Should the general conditions
deteriorate beyond the assump -
tions made, this would have a
negative impact on profitability
in the Entertainment segment
and at Group level.

Adjusted EBITDA 881 Significant decrease; on the = = 726
(in EUR m) condition of stable or only
slightly declining TV core
advertising revenues as well
as acontrary positive develop = -
ment of other Entertainment
revenues and based on a stable
macro economic environment.
Should the general conditions
deteriorate beyond the assump -
tions made, this would have a
negative impact on profitability
in the Entertainment segment
and at Group level.

Content Production &
Global Sales

External revenues 552 Significant increase _— _— 652
(in EUR m)

Adjusted EBITDA 31 Significant increase = = 48
(in EUR m)

Commerce

External revenues 831 Significant increase _— _— 965
(in EUR m)

Adjusted EBITDA 103 Significant increase Announcement on Adjusted EBITDA of around 98
(in EUR m) strengthening the compet - EUR100 million

itive position in the online

beauty business through

additional investments rec -

ognized as expense in the

portfolio company Flaconi

and further accelerating

growth

German TV 27.8 % Leading market position = = 28.2 %
audience market at a high level
(Market share in %)

Group Management Report l l @)
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2019
> Content > To Our Shareholders

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

RISK REPORT

PROCESS MANAGEMENT

ProSiebenSat.1 Group has a comprehensive risk management sys
tem, which covers all activities, products, processes, departments,
investments, and subsidiaries that could have an adverse impact on
our Company s business performance. The traditional risk manage
ment process is structured into four phases:

1. Identi cation: The basis is to identify material risks by means of
a target/actual comparison. The decentralized risk managers are
responsible for this. They use early warning indicators de ned for
relevant circumstances and key gures. For example, the develop
ment of audience shares is an important early warning indicator.

— Intragroup Management System

2. Assessment: The relevant risks are assessed on the basis of a
matrix. On the one hand, the circumstances are categorized on a
ve-level percentage scale in terms of the probability of their occur
rence. On the other hand, their level of potential nancial impact is
estimated; the nancial equivalents are likewise broken down into
ve levels. Using the matrix presentation, potential risks are classi
edas high, medium, or low depending on their relative signi
cance. As well as classi cation, risk assessment also includes analyz
ing causes and interactions. Measures to counteract or minimize risks
are included in the assessment (net assessment). In order to obtain
the most precise view of the risk situation possible, however, oppor
tunities are not taken into account. > Opportunity Report
3.Management: Using appropriate measures, ProSiebenSat.1 Group
can reduce the probability of occurrence of potential losses and limit

or reduce possible damage. In order to handle risks safely, it is there
fore very important to take adequate countermeasures as soon as an
indicator exceeds a certain tolerance limit.

4. Monitoring: Risk monitoring and risk reporting round off the risk
management process. The aim is to monitor changes and review the
effectiveness of the management measures taken. Monitoring also

RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS

1. Identi cation a

> Assessment of risk potential
by means of target/actual
comparisons

4. Monitoring BM

> Monitoring (4 }

> Reporting

Internal Audit
monitors

processes and

efficiency

includes documentation, which ensures that all hierarchy levels rele
vant to decision-making have adequate information on risks.

i Risk is de ned in this report as a potential future development or event

that could signi cantly in uence our business situation and result in a

negative deviation from targets or forecasts. The risk indicators that

we have already taken into account in our nancial planning or in the

31, 2019, therefore
do not come under this de nition and are consequently not explained

in this Risk Report.

Consolidated Financial Statements as of December

In addition to a structured process, the fundamental requirements for
handling risks safely throughout the Group include clear decision-mak

ing structures, standardized guidelines, and a methodical approach
by the responsible bodies. At the same time, processes and organi

zational structures must be exible enough to allow ProSiebenSat.1
Group to respond appropriately to new situations at all times. For

this reason the regular classi cation of risks takes place on a decen
tralized basis and thus directly in the different corporate units, as
described below:

RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Supervisory Board

Executive Committee

Compliance
Management

Risk Le»! Internal Control
Management System

Evaluate
Risks

Implement Control
Set Targets P

Measures System

Internal Audit

2. Assessment an
> Assessment of probability of occurence and impact
> Analysis of causes and consequences

3.Management
g:) > Develop and initiate measures

Wl Decentralized risk manager @ Executive Committee/Supervisory board

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

Wi Group Risk Officer

111
> Content > To Our Shareholders

— Decentralized risk managers: The risk managers identify the risks
from their respective area of responsibility according to the stan -
dard Group system described. They document their results in an

IT database every quarter.

— Group Risk Of cer: | The Group Risk Of cer reports the risks iden -
ti ed in the database to the Executive Committee and Supervisory
Board on a quarterly basis. In addition, relevant risks arising at
short notice are reported immediately. In this way, the Executive
Committee and Supervisory Board receive all analyses and data
relevant for decision making regularly and at an early stage so
that they can respond.

— The Risk Of ce | supports the various corporate units in identify -
ing risk at an early stage. It ensures the ef cacy and timeliness of
the system by training the decentralized risk managers and con -
tinuously monitoring the scope of risk consolidation. Moreover, the
Internal Audit unit regularly reviews the quality and compliance of
the risk management system. The results are reported directly to
the Group CFO and then discussed in the Executive Committee and
presented to the Supervisory Board for its information.

The regular review of the risk management system by Internal Audit as

well as by external experts has generated a positive result. The basis

for the audit is the risk management handbook. This handbook sum -
marizes company-speci c principles and re ects the internationally
recognized frameworks for enterprise risk management and internal

control systems of _COSO (Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of

the Treadway Commission).

DEVELOPMENT OF RISK CLUSTERS

ProSiebenSat.1 Group divides the risks at segment and Group level

into the operating risks, nance risks , compliance risks , stra -
tegic risks and non- nancial risks categories. Due to their the -
matic diversity, ProSiebenSat.1 Group also subdivides the respective
operating risks into the following risk clusters: External risks ,

sales risks , content risks , technological risks , personnel risks ,
investment risks , product risks and other risks . The risk clusters

in turn comprise various different risks. These are not necessarily the

only risks that the Group faces. However, we are not currently aware

of any additional risks that could impact our business activities, or we

do not consider them relevant in the context of this report.

We monitor all risks identi ed as part of the risk management pro -
cess; however, this Risk Report focuses only on risks that could have

a high or very high impact and describes the respective change com -
pared to the previous year. This describes a change in reporting com -
pared to the previous year, in which risks were reported with at least a

medium overall assessment. Contingent liabilities from possible com -

pliance risks are presented in the + Notes, note 31 Contingent liabilities

i This Annual Report only presents risks with a high or very high poten -
tial impact; we do not report on risks with a very low, low or medium

potential impact here. This describes a change in reporting compared to

the previous year, in which risks were reported with at least a medium

overall assessment. However, if a risk that currently has very low, low

or medium potential impact changes into a risk with a high or very high

potential impact, we will include this change in our future Risk Reports.
Conversely, if risks which are currently rated as having a high or very

high impact are downgraded to very low, low or medium impact, such

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

risks will not be described in detail in this report except for the change
compared to the risk situation published in the Annual Report 2018
itself. The evaluation of probability of occurrence and risk impact and
the general Group thresholds are unchanged compared to the previ -

ous period.

Overall, the overall risk situation has increased compared to the pre -
vious year. This is because, on the one hand, macroeconomic risks

have increased at Group level. Furthermore the license risks and the
production risks associated to the local content strategy in the Enter -
tainment segment have increased from a low to a medium impact
compared to December 31, 2018. In addition, sales risks in the com -
31, 2018 and
are now classi ed as possible rather than unlikely. On the other hand,

the production risks in the Content Production & Global Sales seg -

merce segment have increased compared to December

ment has decreased from a high to a medium impact compared to
December 31, 2018. All other risks and risk clusters if not explicitly
mentioned have not changed.

We estimate that there are currently no risks that, individually or in
combination with other risks, could have a material or lasting adverse

effect on the earnings, nancial position and performance. The iden -
ti ed risks pose no threat to the Company as a going concern, even

looking into the future.

i Overall risk situation: To assess the overall risk situation,
ProSiebenSat.1 Group initially classi es all individual risks as part of

the quarterly assessment process, aggregates them, and assigns them

to clusters. When assessing the overall risk situation, ProSiebenSat.1

Group weights the clusters according to their signi cance for the Group.

The assessment of the overall risk situation is thus the result of an

aggregate analysis of the main risk categories of the Group and its three

segments Entertainment, Content Production & Global Sales and Com -
merce, whereby no risks with a high or very high impact were detected

in the Content Production & Global Sales or Commerce segments.

As already explained, this report describes risks with a potentially high

or very high impact, but does not describe risks with a potentially very

low, low or medium impact. This represents a change compared to the
previous year s report, in which risks were described with a medium

or high overall assessment, but not those with a low overall assess -
ment. Due to this change, the following risks, each with a medium
overall ass:

ssment, are not described in this report:

112
> Content > To Our Shareholders

OVERVIEW OF THE RELEVANT RISKS

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

Cluster

Category

Segment Entertainment

Change Possible

Overall Risk
Impact

compared to
previous year

Probability

Operating External (>) > General sector risks Unchanged Very High Possible High
(e.g consumer trends)
Sales (>) > Entertainment reach Unchanged High Possible Medium
(TV and digital)
(>) > Entertainment sales Unchanged Very High Likely High
(TV and digital)
Group
Operating External 0 > General economic risks Increased Very High Possible High
Finance >) > Counterparty risks Unchanged Very High Unlikely Medium
Compliance (>) > General compliance Unchanged High Possible Medium
(incl. statutory reporting obligations,
antitrust, litigation, data protection
and eprivacy)
© unchanged it] increased

— Bestseller-clause / 32a UrhG (focus on Non Fiction) in the Enter -
tainment segment

— Risk re: licensed content/negotiating position with studios and
independents (incl. quality of the content) in the Entertainment
segment

— Content production in the Content Production & Global Sales seg -
ment

— Security risks at group level

— Regulatory (incl. media law/broadcasting licenses) risks at group
level

— Claims for disclosure and action for damages by RTL 2 Television
GmbH & Co. KGand El Cartel Media GmbH & Co. KGin the Enter -
tainment segment

— Success of in-house and commissioned productions and local con -
tent strategy in the Entertainment segment

— Sales risks in the Commerce segment

ENTERTAINMENT SEGMENT
Operating Risks: External Risks

We believe that the
risks from a change in video usage are unchanged and continue to see

General sector risks (e.g. consumer trends):

their occurrence as possible. In the event of a fundamental change,
we cannot completely rule out a very high nancial impact. We there -
fore rate this as a high risk overall.

The digital transformation, and particularly the growing use of the
Internet, have changed media usage behavior. For a long time now,

TV content for example has been used not only linearly and on con -
ventional TV sets but also via mobile devices such as laptops and
smartphones. These alternative forms of use are becoming increas -

ingly popular, especially among younger viewers. Today, 20 % of all

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

TV use by 14- to 29-year-olds is not via a TV set but on devices such

as smartphones, tablets and PCs/laptops.

Together with radio, TVhas been the medium with the furthest reach
in Germany for over 50 years. The TV viewing time calculated by AGF
—69) in 2019. Tradi -
tional television will continue to dominate video usage in Germany

in the future. Although TV usage on non-mobile devices is likely to
continue to decline slightly, it will still remain in rst place. At the

was around 202 minutes per day (adults aged 14

same time, the popularity of web-based video offers will continue to
increase. Streaming platforms with own content are therefore gain -
ing in importance. We have made this the focus of our strategy and
expectations.

We further extend our portfolio with digital offers. We do this through

our own products as well as through partnerships with other platform
providers. The most important example of this is our joint venture
Joyn, in which ProSiebenSat.1 Group owns 50 % . + Group Environment

In line with our strategy, we bracket the various forms of use, i.e.

the use of TV, catch-up and other online video content, together as
video usage. This is re ected in particular by the planned reporting

of comprehensive, overall reach for all these forms of use under the

— Risks from reach development

name total reach. — Opportunity Report

TV and digital)

i As a Joint Venture, Joyn and its activities are not considered in the

revenues and costs of the Group. However, the results of the joint ven -
ture are included in the result from investments accounted for using the

equity method in the consolidated income statement.

113
> Content > To Our Shareholders

OVERVIEW OF THE TOP RISKS

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

very high Entertainment Segment
Operating risks External risks 1 > General sector risks (e.g consumer
20,000
trends)
hich Sales risks 2 » Entertainment reach (TV and digital)
1g!
3 > Entertainment sales (TV and digital)
10,000
S
o Gro
BH medium my
& Operating risks External risks 4» General economic risks
z 4,000
a Finance risks 5» Counterparty risks
low
Compliance risks 6 » General compliance (incl. statutory re -
1,000 porting obligations, antitrust, litigation,
’ data protection and eprivacy)
very low
0
0
very snlkely possible likely very
unlikely likely
Likelihood in %
MLow | Medium MiHigh

Operating Risks: Sales Risks

The development of sales risks is in uenced by a number of factors.
In addition to measurements of reach, macroeconomic data and sec
tor-speci c trends such as the general development of the advertising
market and the distribution of advertising budgets among the media
mix are relevant. In this context, there is considerable risk potential
in reallocating budgets to online media, possibly going hand-in-hand
with a declining TV share in the media mix or a negative trend in the
revenue volume of the net TV advertising market.

Entertainment reach ( TV and digital): The risks from reach devel
opment have not changed: We continue to classify this risk category

as possible; the potential effects would be high. On the whole, we
consider it a medium risk.

ProSiebenSat.1 Group has implemented an early warning system in
order to keep a close eye on short, medium and long-term develop
ments in reach. Audience market shares, which ProSiebenSat.1 Group
analyzes daily on the basis of data from AGE are an important indi
cator here. In 2019, we successfully increased the audience market
shares in the important revenue market of Germany while extending

our reach on digital platforms. Thereby, a shift of the total reach from

TV to digital offers was observed. — Development of _ProSiebenSat.1

Group s

Relevant Business and Market Environments

Our objective is to offer entertainment whenever, wherever and
on any device. In this context, the Group brought its entertainment
activities inthe TV and digital sectors even closer together in one
segment in 2019. This will allow us to make use of synergies, to com
pensate for uctuations in reach within the portfolios and simultane
ously to react to the change in media usage habits resulting from the

growing attractiveness of web-based offerings. This objective is also

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

re ected in the enhancement of our early warning system: In 2018,
ProSiebenSat.1 Group expanded its risk de nition for reach develop
ment to the digital sector. In the medium term, the total reach of linear
and digital distribution channels (including Joyn) is to be expressed
in standardized KPIs ( Total reach ) and advertising is to be more
precisely addressable ( Smart reach ). Total reach allows overlaps
between the various forms of use to be presented, e.g. joint viewers
of the TV broadcast of a show and the accompanying catch-up offer
ing. Smart reach will also give us the opportunity to show more rel
evant and individual advertising for users, enabling an improved offer
for advertising customers to address their target groups. These new
indicators will adequately re ect the change in usage of the tradi
tional TV and the digital entertainment offering.

Consumption and Advertising Impact — Opportunity Report

In addition to these quantitative analyses, qualitative studies are also
an important control instrument, as they give stations direct feed
back from their audience. Nevertheless, individual mistakes cannot
be ruled out. The production and acquisition of appropriate programs
is a process whose success depends to a signi cant degree on the
subjective opinion of our viewers. Moreover, competition will remain
erce, both within the German market and with regard to interna
tional digital corporations.

Entertainment sales ( TV and digital): ProSiebenSat.1 Group consid
ers the convergence of media not only in terms of reach development,

but also in enhancing its risk management system in the sales area.
Therefore, the various risks identi ed in this context were aggregated

into an overall risk for TV and digital ad sales in 2018.

The competition with global digital providers has become more inten
sive. The transition from traditional linear television to streaming and
catch-up video offerings is constantly accelerating. This entails the

114

— Development of Media
> Content > To Our Shareholders

risk for ProSiebenSat.1 Group that advertising customers could be
less willing to invest or prices for | TV advertising could fall. We cannot
therefore rule out very high effects on our revenue development in

the TV advertising market, although we are pursuing a digital enter -

tainment strategy.

The success of ad sales, including in the digital sector, depends on
several factors, such as the attractiveness of the platforms on which
the content is reproduced, but of course of the content itself, and its
reach and monetization. In addition, adblockers represent a further
sales risk in the sale of online advertising. These plug-ins, which are

offered for browsers or apps for mobile devices, prevent advertis -

ing from being displayed. In order to limit this risk, ProSiebenSat.1
Group has introduced technical means that can effectively prevent
the adblockers from functioning. We are also taking legal action and
have led an application for an injunction against the most widespread
adblocker in Germany (AdBlock Plus).

Based on the above measures and developments as well as various
market studies, which were also used to prepare the 2020 budget, we
see ad sales risk as unchanged compared to the previous year. The

probability of occurrence is still likely. The potential impact on reve -

nue performance would be very high, so we categorize the risk overall
as high, as in the previous year. — Future Business and Industry Environment

> Group Management Report

GROUP LEVEL
Operating Risks: External Risks

General economic risks: Over the course of 2019, global growth
momentum has slowed signi cantly. This had a negative impact on

the strongly export-oriented German economy, which grew by 0.6 %

in real terms, a much weaker rate than in 2018, with a growth of 1.5 %.
While industry showed a pronounced weakness, the domestic econ -

omy developed robustly and the private consumption solidly.

The International Monetary Fund expects the global economy to

recover slightly in 2020. However, this recovery will be modest at
best and is also fraught with considerable risk. The unfavorable and
increasingly uncertain external conditions could therefore spread to

Germany s previously robust domestic economy. We therefore con -
sider the economic risks to be higher than at the end of 2018. As com -

panies advertising expenditure and other investment decisions are
in uenced by the general economic situation and sentiment, we see
this external risk as a high risk with a very high impact on earnings
performance. Previously, we considered the risk to be medium with
a high impact on earnings performance. We continue to classify the

probability of occurrence as possible. Visibility in the advertising mar -

ket remains limited. ProSiebenSat.1 Group therefore aims to increase
its independence from the highly pro table but economically sensitive
free TV business and thus further diversify the risk pro le.

Development — Future Business and Industry Environment

Finance Risks

The Group is exposed to various nance risks in its operating and
nancing activities. These include nancing risk, counterparty risk,
interest risk, currency risk and liquidity risk; with the exception of
counterparty risk, we classify nance risks as having low signi cance.

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

— Economic

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

We counter these risks with extensive measures and use derivatives

— Borrowings and Financing Structure

for hedging purposes.

The assessment and management of nance risks is coordinated cen -

trally. To this end, the Group Finance & Treasury department analyzes

the development in the markets, derives potential opportunities and

losses for ProSiebenSat.1 Group on this basis, and regularly assesses

the risk situation. The measures required are de ned in close coop -
eration with the Group s Executive Committee. Principles, tasks, and
responsibilities are de ned on a Group-wide basis and regulated via
binding guidelines for all subsidiaries of ProSiebenSat.1 Group.
Counterparty risk: | The Group concludes nance and treasury trans -
actions exclusively with business partners who meet high credit rating
requirements. The counterparties pro les are monitored systemati -
cally and continuously in this context. As well as using credit checks,
ProSiebenSat.1 Group limits the probability of occurrence of coun -
terparty risks through a broad diversi cation of its counterparties.

The conditions for concluding nance and treasury transactions are
regulated in standardized Group guidelines. We continue to rate the
occurrence of counterparty risk unchanged as unlikely. However, as

lenders defaults could have a very high impact on our earnings per -
formance and nancial position, we classify the risk as medium overall.

.
I Derivative nancial instruments are usually recognized as cash ow

hedges as part of hedge accounting. More information can be found

in the — Notes, note 33 Further notes on nancial risk management and_nan :

cial instruments in accordance with IFRS 7_. ProSiebenSat.1 Group does not

deploy derivative nancial instruments for trading purposes, but only
to hedge existing risk positions ( — Financing Analysis _), For more informa = -
tion on the hedging instruments, measurements and sensitivity analy -
ses together with a detailed description of the risk management system

for nancial instruments, please refer to the Notes: Risks from inef -

fectiveness, in connection with falling interest rates, are described in

— note 33 Further notes on nancial risk management and_nancial instruments

IFRS 7

in accordance with

Compliance Risks

General compliance (incl. statutory reporting obligations, anti -
The General Data
Protection Regulation has been in force since May 2018. ProSiebenSat.1

trust, litigation, data protection and eprivacy):

Group took measures and implemented them throughout the Group at

an early stage. The companies of ProSiebenSat.1 Group are currently
focused on satisfying the rights of data subjects, especially respond -
ing to their inquiries regarding data protection law.

The impact of the General Data Protection Regulation on the adver -
tising industry cannot yet be fully predicted. This particularly includes

the processing of data for targeted online advertising, which can

be tailored more precisely the better users interests are known.

This is especially true in the context of the German data protection
authorities controversially debated guidance for telemedia services

of March 2019. Due in part to outstanding decisions by the German
Federal Court of Justice and ongoing legislative initiatives, it is unclear
whether the implicit or even explicit consent of the user will need to be
obtained from a certain point in the future when developing pro les.

On March 29, 2019, the European Parliament, Council and Commission

also came to an agreement regarding the proposal for a directive on
better enforcement and modernization of EU consumer protection

115
> Content > To Our Shareholders

rules. This regulation, also known as the Omnibus Directive, centers
on EU-wide class actions, changes to the right of withdrawal, and new
transparency rules for online marketplaces: Consumers will be able to
band together across Europe and le actions against enterprises via
consumer protection organizations. The right of withdrawal will also
apply to digital content in the future. Online marketplaces will have
to meet higher transparency requirements. In cases of widespread

infringements affecting consumers in multiple EU member states, the
maximum ne amounts to4 4% of the providers annual revenues in

the respective member state. We expect the directive to enter into
force in the respective member states at the end of 2021.

We are closely monitoring the current developments, in particular with
regard to the General Data Protection Regulation and digital consumer
protection, in order to be able to react appropriately to expected
and unexpected conditions and thereby minimize the nancial risk.

We consider the general compliance risks to be unchanged. How
ever, we cannot completely rule out high negative effects on the
Group s earnings performance in this context and continue to con
sider their occurrence to be possible. We still classify the overall risk
as a medium risk.

DISCLOSURES ON THE INTERNAL CONTROL AND
RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM IN RELATION TO THE
(CONSOLIDATED) REPORTING PROCESS (SECTION

315 (4) OF THE GERMAN COMMERCIAL CODE) WITH

EXPLANATORY NOTES

> Group Management Report

The internal control and risk management system in relation to

the reporting process is intended to ensure that transactions are
appropriately re ected in the Consolidated Financial Statements

of ProSiebenSat.1 Media _ SE (prepared in line International Financial
Reporting Standards (_ IFRS) adopted inthe EU) and that assets and
liabilities are recognized, measured and presented appropriately. This
presupposes Group compliance with legal and company regulations.
The scope and focus of the implemented systems were de ned by the
Executive Committee to meet the speci c needs of ProSiebenSat.1
Group. They are regularly reviewed and updated as necessary. Nev
ertheless, even appropriate and properly functioning systems can

not offer any absolute assurance that all risks will be identi ed and
controlled. The company-speci c principles and procedures to ensure

that the Group s single-entity and consolidated reporting is effective

and correct are described below.

GOALS OF THE RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM IN REGARD TO

FINANCIAL REPORTING PROCESSES

The Executive Committee of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE views the inter

nal control system with regard to the nancial reporting process as

a component of the Group-wide risk management system. Controls

are implemented in order to provide an adequate assurance that in

spite of the identi ed risks inherent in recognition, measurement

and presentation, the single-entity and Consolidated Financial State

ments will be in full compliance with regulations. The principal goals

of a risk management system in regard to single-entity and consol

idated reporting processes:

— To identify risks that might jeopardize the goal of providing Con
solidated Financial Statements and Group Management Report
that comply with regulations.

— To limit risks that are already known by identifying and imple -

menting appropriate countermeasures.

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

— To analyze known risks as to their potential in uence on the
(Consolidated) Financial Statements, and to take these risks
duly into account.

In addition, our process descriptions and our risk control matrices

are subject to an annual review. This ensures that the descriptions

are up-to-date and thus also brings about the establishment of con -
sistently effective control mechanisms. By way of updates, the nd -
ings of these reviews and the ndings of regular control tests become

an integral part of the internal control and risk management system

in relation to the (consolidated) reporting process. On the basis of

the test results there is an assessment of whether the controls are

appropriate and effective. Any identi ed de ciencies in the controls

are eliminated, taking into account their potential impact.

ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE
— The single-entity nancial statements that are incorporated into
the Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared using stan -
dardized software.
— The input data are then consolidated to form the Consolidated
Financial Statements using stable market-based standardized
software.
— The nancial statements of the individual entities are prepared
in compliance with local nancial reporting standards, the input
data in compliance with the accounting and reporting manual
based on IFRS, which is made available to all employees involved
in the reporting process. The individual entities included in the
Consolidated Financial Statements provide their input data to
the Group Accounting & Reporting department in a speci ed for -
mat.
— The nancial systems employed are protected with appropriate
access authorizations and controls (authorization concepts).
— For the purposes of the Consolidated Financial Statements,
there is a standardized chart of accounts, which must be fol -
lowed in recording the various relevant transactions.
— Certain matters relevant to reporting (e.g. expert opinions with
regard to pension provisions) are determined with the assis -
tance of external experts.
— The principal functions of the reporting process accounting,
taxes, controlling, and treasury are clearly separated. Areas of
responsibility are assigned without ambiguity.
— The departments and other units involved in the reporting pro -
cess are provided with adequate resources in terms of both
quantity and quality. Regular professional training sessions are
held to ensure that nancial statements are prepared at a con -
sistent and reliable level of quality.
— An appropriate system of guidelines (e.g. IFRS-based account -
ing and reporting manual, intercompany transfer pricing guide -
line, purchasing guideline, travel expense guideline, etc.) has
been set up and is updated as necessary. The ef ciency of the
internal control system in regard to processes relevant to nan -
cial reporting is reviewed on a sample basis by the Internal Audit

unit, which is independent of the process.

PROCESS ORGANIZATION

— For the planning, monitoring, and optimization of the process
of compiling the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Com -
pany uses tools that include a detailed calendar and all import -
ant activities, milestones, and responsibilities. All activities and

milestones are assigned speci c deadlines. Compliance with

116
> Content > To Our Shareholders > Group Management Report > Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

reporting duties and deadlines is monitored centrally by Group
Accounting.

— In all accounting-related processes, controls are implemented
such as the separation of functions, the dual-control principle,
approval and release procedures, and plausibility testing.

— Tasks for the preparation of the Consolidated Financial State -
ments are clearly assigned (e.g. reconciliation of intragroup bal -
ances, capital consolidation, monitoring of reporting deadlines
and reporting quality with regard to the data of consolidated
companies, etc.). The Group Accounting & Reporting department
is the central point of contact for speci c technical questions
and complex accounting issues.

— All material information included in the Consolidated Financial
Statements is subjected to extensive systematic validation to
ensure the data is complete and reliable.

— Risks that relate to the consolidated accounting process are
recorded and monitored continuously as part of the risk man -

agement process described in the Risk Report.

Group Management Report l l 7
Risk and Opportunity Report
> Content > To Our Shareholders

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

OPPORTUNITY REPORT

OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT

Growth opportunities are identi ed as part of the Group s opportunity
management and are speci ed in the planning process. Our oppor -
tunity management is part of the intragroup management system.

The objective is to identify and seize opportunities as soon as possi -
ble using suitable measures. At ProSiebenSat.1 Group, the manage -
ment of opportunities is decentrally organized in the business units.

The de ned opportunities are recorded as part of strategic planning.

> Strategy and Management System

EXPLANATORY NOTES ON KEY
OPPORTUNITIES

i We have incorporated opportunities that we consider to be likely in

our forecast for 2020 and in our planning until 2024. In addition, eco -
nomic performance-related factors such as cost awareness and ef cient

process management are key requirements for further strengthening
ProSiebenSat.1 Group s market position. We report on these growth
opportunities in the Company Outlook. In addition, there is potential

that has not yet been or not fully been budgeted for. In particular, this

potential may arise from strategic measures. In the section below, we

report on these opportunities if they are material and important for the

planning period until 2024. > Company Outlook _

The media industry is in the midst of digital transformation. New com -
petitors and technologies have emerged, altering both revenue mod -

els and media usage itself. We continue to make process and are con -
sistently pushing ahead with the transformation from a traditional TV
company into a digital group with a diversi ed business portfolio. The

Group is linking its segments and business areas increasingly closely,

using digital technologies, and tapping into additional markets with
acquisitions or strategic partnerships. Despite economic uncertain -
ties, we continue to act in a sustainable and long-term manner and

have made the deliberate decision to invest in particular to improve

our offering of local programming, to build on our digital reach and

our digital and smart advertising business, and to further diversify our

~ Strategy and Management System

business via NuCom Group s growth.
Synergies from networking business areas. Inordertoremaincom -
petitive going forward and grow pro tably, ProSiebenSat.1 Group s
portfolio has been organized into three segments since 2018. Bring -
ing together the linear TV business and digital entertainment was an
important step here. By dovetailing its investments and producing or
bundling successful formats for use on various platforms from one

source, the Group increases the ef ciency of its investments and

creates additional growth opportunities through synergy. In order to

make the Group Organization even more agile, ProSiebenSat.1 Group

also established a new and more independent Entertainment organi -
zation in 2019, in which the content areas, the digital platform busi -
nesses and their monetization are more closely connected. This is the

next step to proceed with the digital transformation and increase our
competitive opportunities.

These days, television and moving pictures content is accessed regard -

less of time and place and watched not only on TV screens but also

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

other devices such as smartphones and tablets. The ProSieben for -
mat The Voice of Germany is one example: In 2019, the music show

achieved more than 266 _ million video views across all digital plat

forms. By disseminating content via as many channels as possible,

the Group serves additional media usage interests and especially the

growing popularity of digital media among young target groups. An
important step in this context was the launch of Joyn as cross-chan -
nel entertainment streaming platform, which bundles content of
ProSiebenSat.1 Group s and Discovery s free TV stations and other
content partners on a single platform and an app. Additional features

and content are being added here all the time. At the same time,
cross-media marketing offers allow ProSiebenSat.1 Group to better
monetize reach. This development is being driven by broadband Inter -

net access with fast data transfer rates. — Development of MediaConsump _-

tion and Advertising Impact

Data-based business models and digitalization of TV advertising.
ProSiebenSat.1 Group is consistently linking its television business to
digital entertainment media and thus expanding its ( Total Reach ).

As the next step, this reach is to be made addressable so that adver -
tising can be tailored to the respective viewers in an optimum manner

( Smart Reach ). ProSiebenSat.1 Group is also relying on new tech -
nologies to achieve this. For instance, we were the rst TV group in
Germany to broadcast Addressable TV spots with the hybrid broad -
cast broadband TV (HbbTV) technological standard. In 2019, over
800 Addressable TV campaigns were booked in total, more than 100

of which were spot campaigns. These advertisements combine the

high reach of traditional television with the opportunities provided

by digital advertising, including target-group-based advertisements

and advertisements individualized to devices.

We made an important step for better monetization of online videos
RTL Deutsch -
TV and online video

by founding d-force, a joint venture with Mediengruppe
land. The joint venture makes the Addressable
inventories of both media groups available for programmatic media
buying via a booking platform used by both partners. The initiative
is open to other partners and intends to expand from Germany and
the DACHregion to the rest of Europe in the future.
High-growth business areas and portfolio focus. In the Entertain -
ment segment, the Group expanded its portfolio by launching the
streaming platform Joyn in June 2019. Up to the end of 2019, the
advertising- nanced app was downloaded more than 6.5 million times.
It was augmented in November 2019 by a premium offering including
PLUS+ brand. Besides exclusive
content, a media library and TVpreviews, Joyn also offers livestreams

of over 60 TV stations, including ARDand ZDE In addition, we are
in talks with leading European media companies about launching in

pay TV integration under the Joyn

other European countries as well.

The past M&A strategy has sustainably strengthened the Group s
growth. One of our strategic priorities is to invest in the dynamically
growing commerce sector with NuCom Group. Products and services
that add value via the mass medium of TVare particularly relevant for
TV adver -
tising, the Group can quickly and ef ciently increase the revenues of

its investments without high cash investments. These are key pillars

ProSiebenSat.1 Group from a strategic point of view. With

118
> Content > To Our Shareholders > Group Management Report > Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

of our M&A strategy, which give rise to revenue and cost synergies.
NuCom Group is focusing its portfolio on consumer advice, match -
making, experiences, and beauty & lifestyle and is striving to be the
market leader in these areas.

OVERALL ASSESSMENT OF THE RISK AND OPPORTU-
NITY SITUATION - MANAGEMENT VIEW

Our industry is characterized by constant change. This is why we

have structured the Group s organization around agility and greater

ef ciency so that we can actively translate this transformation into

growth potential. Today, ProSiebenSat.1 Group is already a broad-

based entertainment and commerce company with strong brands, a

leading position in the audience and TV advertising markets, innova -
tive marketing offerings, an international production network as well

as a pro table commerce portfolio. The digital development opens up

new growth markets for all of our segments. But there are also risks.

Social, technological and economic areas have signi cantly changed

as a result of digitalization. This trend will continue and gather pace

in the years to come. Therefore, the identi cation and management

of potential opportunities is just as important for our Group as the
recognition and controlling of potential risks. We have implemented

a comprehensive risk management system that integrates all rele -
vant business units. We estimate that there are no risks that, indi -
vidually or in combination with other risks, could have a material or

lasting adverse effect on the assets, liabilities, nancial position and

pro t or loss. Although the overall risk has increased compared to

the previous year, the identi ed risks pose no threat to the Company

as a going concern, even not looking into the future. The opportunity

situation has not changed compared to the previous year.

Group Management Report l l 9
Risk and Opportunity Report
> Content > To Our Shareholders

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

FUTURE BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY
ENVIRONMENT

The International Monetary Fund( —_ IMF) lowered its growth forecasts
for the global economy and the eurozone several times over the course
of 2019 and at the beginning of 2020: The downward corrections were

chie y due to increasing trade barriers and geopolitical uncertain -

ties in emerging countries. Nevertheless, after a plus of 2.9 % in 2019
(previous year: + 3.6%), the global economy is set to expand with a
little more momentum again in 2020 with growth of 3.3 % . The rea -

sons for this development include the emerging easing of the trade
con ict between the |= USA and China and potential trade agreements
after the Brexit. Growth in the euro zone is expected to accelerate

somewhat; inthe USA, on the other hand, an economic downturn is

expected. In addition, the forecast risks remain high.

The growth forecasts for the German gross domestic product in 2020

are above the 2019 gure at between 1.1 % (ifo; Institute for Economic
Research) and 1.2 % (DIW; Deutsches Institut f r Wirtschaftsforschung

e. V.). However, 0.4 percentage points are attributable solely to addi -
tional working days as a result of calendar effects. Despite emerging

easing, the basic economic trend however is not expected to change

much at rst. Uncertainties regarding trade restrictions and con -
icts as well as geopolitical tensions and the resulting downward risks

remain unchanged: German industry, which is highly export-oriented,

will remain weak for the time being due to the external economic envi -

ronment and technological challenges. The economy will continue

to be supported by consumer spending and the construction indus -
try. Forecasts for the increase in private consumer spending range
between 1.2 % (RWI, Leibniz-Institut f r Wirtschaftsforschung e.
1.3% (ifo) and 1.7 % (DIW). > Economic Development

V.),

According to current forecasts, the German net TV advertising mar -
ket declined in 2019 in a slowing economic environment. Major uncer -
tainty dominated during the year, and expectations still diverge widely.

The agency groups assessments again differ signi cantly in 2020.

This is also related to the advertising industry, which responds quickly

and often procyclically to the general economic situation. Private
consumption is an important indicator here. However, economic fore -
casts naturally involve uncertainties. It therefore remains to be seen

whether and what implications macroeconomic risks will have for the

TV advertising market. There are also sector-speci c developments

that are reducing visibility. For the German
2020, Magna Global currently anticipates a decline of 2.1

TV advertising market in

% ; Zenith -
Optimedia forecasts adrop of 1.5  %.GroupM expects growthof1.0 %.
In the past, however, forecasts often deviated negatively from actual

market developments. > Risk Report _

In contrast, in-stream video advertising is likely to continue its dynamic
development and drive growth on the online advertising market. For

the online advertising market as a whole, the agency groups expect

FORECAST FOR GDP, PRIVATE CONSUMPTION AND NET ADVERTISING MARKET IN COUNTRIES IMPORTANT FOR

PROSIEBENSAT.1 GROUP in ~, change vs. previous year

1.7
1.5

14
| 13
; .
: |
| |
GER AT CH

Gross domestic product

GER

™2020 ec M2021 e
Sources: GER: ifo Economic Forecast, winter 2019. /
by Federal Government s Expert Group: Winter 2019/2020

1.6 1.6

Private consumption

AT: Austrian Institute for Economic Research (

2.7
125
|
2.0
18s!
1.6 | 1.6
| | |
13 15
|
0.6
|
AT CH GER AT CH

Net advertising market !

WIFO): Winter 2019/2020 forecast of December 19, 2019/ CH: Economic forecast

' Source: Magna Global, Ad Forecasts December 2019, figures adjusted on a net basis, nonetheless methodological differences between different countries and sources.

Group Management Report
Outlook

120
> Content > To Our Shareholders > Group Management Report > Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

net growth of between 5.0 % (GroupM) and 8.2 % (Magna Global) in
2020. For the German advertising market as a whole, Magna Global
anticipates net growth of 1.8 % . > Development of _ProSiebenSat.1_ Group s

Relevant Business and Market Environments

For 2020, PwC expects the entertainment market to be worth

EUR 38 billion, with EUR 29 billion attributable to the traditional and
EUR 9 billion to the digital entertainment market. The digital enter -
tainment market will grow by 11 % while the traditional entertainment
market is expected to decline by 1 % per year until 2023.

The German e-commerce market is expected to have a market vol -
ume of around EUR 89.8 billion by 2023. According to the Institute of
Retail Research ( IFH) in Cologne, the average annual growth between

2018 and 2023 is likely to amount to 7.4 % . Online retail s share in
retail is expected to increase to 13.6 % in 2023. Mobile shopping is set

to increase to 69.5 % of online revenues; this would equate to online
mobile revenues of around EUR62.3 billion by 2023.

The relevant sectors for ProSiebenSat. 1 Group will develop as follows:
According to Statista, the beauty and personal care market as a whole

is expected to grow by an average of 2.0 % per year to EUR 16.3 bil-
lion up to 2023, with the share of e-commerce continuing to increase

signi cantly. The market for consumer advice in the elds of energy,

telco, car insurance and consumer loans is likely to grow to a vol -
ume of around EUR922 million by 2021. This equates to an increase

of 22 % since 2019. According to the Statista Digital Market Outlook,

the online dating market is expected to grow by 8 % by 2021. Until
2022, OC&C Strategy Consultants forecasts annual growth rates of
around 5 to7 % for the experiences segment and around 3 % for the
recreational experiences market.

Group Management Report l 2 l
Outlook
> Content > To Our Shareholders

> Group Management Report

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

COMPANY OUTLOOK

FORECAST FOR 2020
Overall Assessment

ProSiebenSat.1 Group is well positioned for the nancial years ahead.

We have a solid nancial basis, which is underpinned by long-term
nancing and a clear corporate strategy re ecting the key trends of

the media industry. We are focusing in particular on the growth of our

digital and smart advertising business and of NuCom Group s com -
merce business. In addition to organic growth, i.e. adjusted for con -
solidation and currency effects, which we would ideally like to nance

from operating cash ow, focused portfolio management after close
examination of opportunities and risks will also play an important role

in the future. We consider the Group to be well positioned overall to

make systematic use of potential opportunities that could also arise

from consolidation or closer collaboration in our industry.

Outlook

ProSiebenSat.1 Group pursues a clear strategy aiming at sustainable

and pro table growth. As Germany s macroeconomic development
remains uncertain in nancial year 2020, the Group has decided to
EBITDAoutlook that take
this environment into account. Overall, the Group aims at further

provide ranges for its revenue and adjusted

growth in full-year 2020 on the basis of constant exchange rates !
and without portfolio changes and at increasing Group revenues

to EUR 4.2 billion to EUR 4.4 billion. In the base case scenario, the
Group expects year-on-year revenue growth to around EUR 4.3 billion
(previous year: EUR 4.13 billion). An important factor for the develop -
ment of the Group s revenues is the Entertainment segment, in which
ProSiebenSat.1 Group expects revenues in the base case scenario for

the full-year to be on previous year s level. This expectation is based

on the assumption of a slight decline in total Entertainment adver -
tising revenues, with the Company anticipating a decline in TV core
advertising revenues, to be partly offset by the growing digital and

smart advertising business, and an increase in distribution revenues
amongst others. Based on discussions that the Group has had with
advertising customers about their readiness to invest, the Company

also expects a weak start and better development in the second half

of the yearinthe TV advertising business. In the Content Production

& Global Sales (Red Arrow Studios) and Commerce (NuCom Group)
segments, the Group is aiming for further revenue growth in the low-
double-digit percentage range respectively.

On the basis of constant exchange rates and without portfolio changes,
EBITDAof around EUR 870 million in
EUR 800 million to EUR900 million)

EUR 872 million). This assumption
of around EUR 870 million is likewise based on stable Entertainment

the Group is targeting adjusted
the base case scenario (range:
in full-year 2020 (previous year:

revenues compared to 2019. The upper and lower end of the outlined
range particularly depends on the development of total Entertainment
TV core advertis -

advertising revenues a combination of declining

ing revenues and a growing digital and smart advertising business.

' The main currency besides

In 2019, the EUR/USD exchange rate was around USD 1.1196

Group Management Report
Outlook

Furthermore, the predicted adjusted EBITDArange re ects differ -
ent assumptions regarding the composition of Group revenues as

well as the Company s decision to invest an additional up to around

EUR 50 million in local content in 2020 compared to 2019. For the
upper and lower range of total Entertainment advertising revenues,

the Group expects, compared with the base case scenario, vari -
ability of —3% and +2 % in 2020 compared to the previous year. In
nancial year 2019, the focus on local content already paid off with
increasing audience market shares and growing digital view time.

This develop ment is expected to continue in 2020. A considerable
earnings increase is expected in the Commerce segment, while the
Company is targeting a stable development in the Content Produc -
tion & Global Sales segment.

On the one hand, in the full-year, the Group s adjusted net income will
EBITDA On the other hand, as a
result of higher depreciation effects and potentially slightly increas -

re ect the development of adjusted

ing investments in Joyn, the joint streaming platform with Discov -
ery, which are recognized at equity, the Group s adjusted net income

may decline in the double-digit million-euro range. Moreover, the
Group assumes that free cash ow before M&A in the full-year will

be signi cantly determined by the development of adjusted EBITDA
and increased expenditures for the construction of the new campus

at the premises in Unterf hring. As tax refunds for 2019 as signi -
cant one-time item are not applying in 2020, the Group expects an

overall decline in free cash ow before M&A in at least a double-digit
million-euro range compared to the previous year (previous year:

EUR 339 million).

At the end of 2019, stable gross nancial debt of EUR 3.2 billion com -
pared with cash of EUR950 million. The Group therefore closed 2019
with a leverage ratio (the ratio of the Group s net nancial debt to its

LTM adjusted EBITDA) of 2.6 and thus slightly above the upper end

of the target range of 1.5 to 2.5. The leverage ratio depending on
business performance and not including any portfolio changes may
likewise be slightly above the upper end of this target range at the

end of 2020.

The development of audience shares is ProSiebenSat.1 Group s most
signi cant non- nancial performance indicator. For nancial year
2020, the Group expects to maintain its leading position with regard
to audience shares in the advertising-relevant target group of 14- to
49-year-olds at a high level.

The Group has also decided to measure the mid-term nancial suc -
cess of the Group much more consistently. Therefore, P7S1 ROCE
(return on capital employed) was introduced as a new key gure for
the entire Group from nancial year 2020 onwards. In nancial year
2020, we are targeting a gure of over 10

— Strategy and Management System

% (previous year: 16 %).

EURremains USD, which accounted for 13% and 16% of revenue and costs respectively last year. These are mainly currency translation effects.

122
> Content > To Our Shareholders

The long-term targets for the entire Group are summarized as follows:

— ProSiebenSat.1 Group has set itself the target of further diversify -

ing its revenues. The digital and smart advertising business share

% in the mid-term (2019:
9%), and the digital business share in Group revenues (before

% (2019: 34 %).

in Entertainment revenues is to reach 25
portfolio changes) is to increase to over 50

— ProSiebenSat.1 Group also continues to aim for a leverage ratio of

between 1.5 and 2.5. As M&A activities cannot be precisely pre -

dicted, they can also temporarily affect the leverage ratio both
positively and negatively.

— The Group is increasingly concentrating on continually growing
ROCE. For
the Group as a whole, this key gure is expected to exceed 15 %
ROCEmay be below

value, which ought to be re ected in an improved P7S1

again in the mid-term. In the short term, P7S1

this gure, like in 2020, for example, because of strategic invest -

ments.

— All these targets re ect the strategy of expanding ProSiebenSat.1
Group into a diversi ed digital company.

— The Group s dividend policy of distributing 50 % of adjusted net

income as a dividend is to be maintained in order to let the share -
holders participate in the sustained success of the corporate strat -

egy every year.

Explanatory Notes on the Forecast

The information provided refers to the plans adopted by the Executive
Committee and Supervisory Board. Our statements are also based

on current general economic and sector-speci c data at the time this

— Future Business

report was prepared. — Strategy and Management System

> Group Management Report

and Industry Environment

Group Management Report
Outlook

> Consolidated Financial Statements > Information

Dividend Proposal

Since nancial year 2018, ProSiebenSat.1 Media SEhas pursuedadiv -
idend policy of distributing around 50 % of adjusted net income to the
shareholders as a dividend. The Group will use cash in ows exceed -
ing the dividend distribution primarily for investments in organic and
inorganic growth. In line with the distribution policy, the Executive
Committee is advising the Supervisory Board to propose a dividend

EUR 0.85 per share (previ -
ous year: EUR 1.19) to the Annual General Meeting for nancial year
2019. This corresponds to a dividend yield of around 6 % (previous

of around 50 % of adjusted net income or

year: 8 %) of the closing price of the ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE share

at the end of 2019. -— Analysis of Assets and Capital Structure

DIVIDEND PROPOSAL
Adjusted net income in EUR m 387
Number of shares outstanding 1 233,000,000
Number of treasury shares ! 6,859,180
Number of eligible shares! 226,140,820
Proposed dividend in EUR 0.85
Distribution in EUR m 192
Pay-out ratio in % 50

' As of December 31,2019

Predictive Statements

Forecasts are based on current assessments of future developments.

In this context, we draw on our budget planning and comprehensive

market and competitive analyses. The forecasted values are calcu -
lated in accordance with the reporting principles used in the nan -
cial statements and are consistent with the adjustments described

in the Management Report. However, forecasts naturally entail some
uncertainties that could lead to positive or negative deviations from
planning. If imponderables occur or if the assumptions on which the
predictive statements are made no longer apply, actual results may

deviate materially from the statements made or the results implicitly
expressed. Developments that could negatively impact this forecast

include, for example, lower economic momentum than expected at the

time this report was prepared. These and other factors are explained

in detail in the Risk and Opportunity Report. There we also report on
additional growth potential; opportunities that we have not yet or

not fully budgeted for could arise from corporate strategy decisions,

for example. Potential risks are accounted for regularly and system -
atically as part of the Group-wide risk management process. Signif -
icant events after the end of the reporting period are explained in

the — Notes, note 39 Events after the closing date . The publication date of
the Annual Report 2019 is March 5, 2020.

123
