

--- Page 1 ---

Strategy and Objectives

Strategy and Objectives

Our Strategy:
Leading Partner for the New Energy World

Decarbonization, decentralization, and digitization profoundly
shaped the energy market in 2019 and will continue to do so in
the decade ahead. We use these trends to enhance our position
as a leading player in Europe's energy market, to successfully
tap new businesses, and to make our processes more efficient.

Our objective is to systematically focus the Company on the
new energy world of increasingly empowered and proactive
customers. We will create new markets for our customers by
providing them with new products, services, and technologies.
We will be policymakers and regulators’ partner of choice for
the energy transition. Our efforts will be guided by our principles
of integration, focus, efficiency, and growth.

We began integrating innogy SE last year and, after the squeeze-
out and acquisition of its remaining stock, will accelerate this
process in the current year. Our focus is on combining the respec-
tive organizational entities in line with our Target Operating
Model. We will use benchmarking analyses to further optimize
business units’ core processes or reorganize them to reflect
best practices.

Going forward, our business operations will focus on the key
segments of the new energy world: regulated, highly efficient
energy networks and innovative customer solutions. The acqui-
sition of innogy SE significantly strengthened these segments.
After the transaction is completed, the new E.ON will be the first
European player to focus exclusively on municipal, commercial,
and residential customers and will generate a large part of its
EBIT with regulated businesses. The combination of energy net-
works and customer solutions fits with the trend that, in an
increasingly distributed and digital energy world, these business
segments are converging. For example, smart meters make it
possible to improve the coordination of energy networks and
provide the basis for new sales offerings, such as time-based
electricity tariffs and energy-trading options for distributed
generating units.

10

In addition to strengthening our core businesses, the innogy
takeover will enable us to leverage substantial synergies of
about €740 million by 2022, thereby making important prog-
ress toward our efficiency targets. We expect the systematic
optimization and digitization of our business processes to deliver
additional efficiency gains.

Our growth strategy calls for extensive investments in both
business segments. The main focus will be on Energy Networks,
in which we will invest about €3.2 billion in 2020. We plan to
invest about €0.9 billion in Customer Solutions. Here, funds will
mainly go toward City Energy Solutions and our business of
providing solutions to industrial customers. We expect additional
growth to come from the innovation activities in our retail and
network operations as well as investments in startups (these
are described in greater detail in the Innovation chapter of the
Combined Group Management Report).

Energy Networks

The integration of innogy will result in E.ON operating regulated
distribution networks in eight European countries, making it
one of Europe's biggest distribution system operator ("DSO").
Excluding innogy, E.ON has a regulated asset base ("RAB") of
€21 billion. Energy Networks’ principal objectives are to con-
tinually enhance its efficiency and to increase its RAB. All four
of E.ON's DSOs in Germany achieved efficiency rates of

100 percent. innogy’s DSOs had a weighted-average efficiency
rate of 98.4 percent.

The further increase in the investment budget for our networks
will secure their asset integrity and expend their RAB. Distribution
networks connect our customers with one another and provide
the backbone for a successful energy transition. Our focus is
on evolving from a pure DSO to a smart platform provider. The
digitization of distribution networks plays an important role here.
For example, around 2,700 smart substations entered service
at E.ON and innogy's DSOs in Germany. They will help ensure
that tomorrow's smart grid operates reliably despite increasing
complexity and variable feed-in. A cooperative arrangement
with a startup called envelio gives E.ON the ability to transmit
information about a network connection directly to market par-
ticipants, which will greatly simplify the planning of distributed
generating units.


--- Page 2 ---

Together with innogy, E.ON will also make significant investments
to expand its broadband activities. By expanding its network
of fiber-to-the-home broadband connections, E.ON will bring
high-speed Internet with broad bandwidth to rural areas as well.

Customer Solutions

The integration of innogy will give the new E.ON a customer base
of 40 million (including 19 million innogy customers), making it
one of Europe's biggest end-customer suppliers. Enerjisa Enerji,
our equity interst in Turkey, supplies an additional 10 million
customers.

Our objective in power and gas sales is to further strengthen our
competitive position through maximal cost-efficiency, innovation,
and relentless customer orientation. Digitization will be decisive
here as well: going forward, highly efficient digital systems will
make it possible for us to achieve lasting reductions in our oper-
ating costs.

Our objective for new customer solutions that go beyond power
and gas sales is to continually improve and renew our portfolio
of products and services for innovative heat solutions, energy
efficiency, distributed generation and storage, and sustainable
mobility solutions. This will enable E.ON to become the partner
of choice for public, commercial, and residential customers:

Several projects exemplified how E.ON is implementing its
strategy of helping customers become more sustainable. An
international paper manufacturer chose E.ON to install a biomass-
fired combined-heat-and-power ("CHP") plant in Hirth, a
suburb of Cologne, Germany. The plant will supply heat to the
paper mill and feed renewable power into the public grid. We
also installed an advanced material and energy recycling system
in Hégbytorp outside Stockholm, Sweden. It will help ensure
that one of Sweden's fastest-growing regions can be supplied
with climate-neutral heat, power, and biogas. In addition, a
multinational packaging producer awarded E.ON a major contract
to install a CHP plant at its facility in Kent in the United Kingdom.
The plant, which is expected to enter service in 2021, will reduce
carbon emissions by 36,000 metric tons per year.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

11

Sustainability

Good corporate governance, corporate social responsibility, and
environmental responsibility are essential for E.ON to generate
sustainable business value over the long term. E.ON has there-
fore decided to be climate-neutral with regard to Scope 1 and
Scope 2 emissions by 2040. To underscore E.ON's commitment
to sustainability, the Management Board has also pledged E.ON’s
support for the UN Sustainable Development Goals ("SDGs").
Our success at embracing sustainability is reflected in our
performance in environmental, social, and governance ("ESG")
ratings. Leading sustainability rating agencies like MSCI and
Sustainalytics gave us high ratings.

A sustainable energy supply is also the objective of Green Gas
from Green Power, an E.ON initiative to reduce carbon emissions
in heat generation, transport, and industry. The German Federal
Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy selected the initiative
for funding under its Real-life Laboratory for the Energy Transi-
tion project. Our energy-transition laboratory will involve installing
and operating a power-to-gas ("P2G") plant. The purpose is to
test and refine intelligent combinations of various technologies
for renewable energy production, conversion, storage, and dis-
tribution in order to further propel decarbonization (for further
details about sustainability, see the Separate Combined Non-
Financial Report).

Finance Strategy

The section of the Combined Group Management Report entitled
Financial Situation contains explanatory information about our
finance strategy.

People Strategy

The section of the Combined Group Management Report entitled

Employees contains explanatory information about our people
strategy.


--- Page 3 ---

Corporate Profile

Corporate Profile
Business Model

E.ON is an investor-owned energy company with approximately
79,000 employees. Led by corporate headquarters in Essen,
our operations are segmented into four operating units: Energy
Networks, Customer Solutions, innogy, and Renewables. Our
non-strategic operations are reported under Non-Core Business.

Corporate Headquarters

Corporate headquarters’ main task is to lead the E.ON Group.
This involves charting E.ON's strategic course and managing and
funding its existing business portfolio. Corporate headquarters’
tasks include optimizing E.ON's overall business across countries
and markets from a financial, strategic, and risk perspective and
conducting stakeholder management.

Energy Networks

This segment consists of our power and gas distribution net-
works and related activities. It is subdivided into three regional
markets: Germany, Sweden, and East-Central Europe/Turkey
(which consists of the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, Slo-
vakia, and Turkey). This segment's main tasks include operating
its power and gas networks safely and reliably, carrying out any
necessary maintenance and repairs, and expanding its power
and gas networks, which frequently involves adding customer
connections. innogy's network business is not reported here in
the 2019 financial year.

Customer Solutions

This segment serves as the platform for working with our
customers to actively shape Europe's energy transition. This
includes supplying customers in Europe (excluding Turkey)
with power, gas, and heat as well as with products and services
that enhance their energy efficiency and autonomy and provide
other benefits. Our activities are tailored to the individual needs
of customers across all categories: residential, small and medium-
sized enterprises, large commercial and industrial, and public
entities. E.ON’s main presence in this business is in Germany,

14

the United Kingdom, Sweden, Italy, the Czech Republic, Hungary,
and Romania. E.ON Business Solutions, which provides cus-
tomers with turn-key distributed-energy solutions, is also part
of this segment. innogy's sales business is not reported here in
the 2019 financial year.

innogy

This segment consists in particular of the network and sales busi-
nesses as well as the corporate functions and internal services
of the innogy Group, which E.ON took over in September 2019.
innogy operates its network business primarily in Germany,
Poland, Hungary, and Croatia. Its sales business is engaged
principally in Germany, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands,
Belgium, Hungary, and Poland. This segment does not contain
innogy's renewables and gas-storage businesses or its stake
in Austrian energy utility KELAG, which are still to be transferred
to RWE.

Renewables

This segment consists of onshore wind, offshore wind, and solar
farms. E.ON planned, built, operated, and managed renewable
generation assets. Their output was marketed in several ways:
in conjunction with renewable incentive programs, under long-
term electricity supply agreements with key customers, and
directly to the wholesale market. Substantially all of the opera-
tions in this segment were classified as discontinued operations
effective June 30, 2018, and deconsolidated effective Septem-
ber 18, 2019 (more information is available on pages 15, 27,
and 28 of the Combined Group Management Report and in
Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Certain busi-
ness operations of e.disnatur in Germany and Poland as well
as a 20-percent stake in Rampion offshore wind farm in the
United Kingdom were not transferred to RWE and continued to
be reported here in the 2019 financial year.

Non-Core Business

This segment consists of the E.ON Group's non-strategic activities.
This applies to the operation and dismantling of nuclear power
stations in Germany (which is managed by our PreussenElektra
unit) and the generation business in Turkey.


--- Page 4 ---

Special Events in the Reporting Period

Acquisition of RWE's innogy Stake Closed

The 76.8-percent stake in innogy previously held by RWE was
transferred to E.ON on September 18, 2019. In late September
E.ON also completed the voluntary public takeover offer to
innogy's minority shareholders, thereby acquiring a further
9.4 percent of innogy stock. Together with the 3.8 percent of
innogy stock acquired on-market, E.ON holds 90 percent of
all innogy stock and thus fulfills the necessary requirement for
a merger squeeze-out (Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements contains additional details of the transaction).

Renewables

Pursuant to IFRS 5, the operations in the Renewables segment
transferred as part of the transaction with RWE were reported as
discontinued operations effective June 30, 2018. For the purpose
of internal management control, these operations were fully
included in the relevant key performance indicators until Septem-
ber 18, 2019. In addition, the scheduled depreciation charges
required by IFRS 5 and the carrying amount of these discontinued
operations were recorded in equity and disclosed accordingly.

This Annual Report's presentation of sales and the key perfor-
mance indicators relevant for management control therefore
also includes the results of discontinued operations in the
Renewables segment. Pages 27 and 28 of the Combined Group
Management Report and Note 34 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements contain reconciliations of these indicators to the
disclosures in the E.ON SE and Subsidiaries Consolidated State-
ments of Income, Consolidated Balance Sheets, and Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows.

E.ON Supervisory Board Enlarged, Composition of

E.ON Management Board Unchanged

As decided at E.ON’s Annual Shareholders Meeting in May 2019,
after the closure of the innogy takeover E.ON increased the
E.ON Supervisory Board to 20 members. E.ON appointed RWE
CEO Rolf Martin Schmitz, entrepreneur Ulrich Grillo, and U.S.
management consultant Deborah B. Wilkens as shareholder
representatives. In addition, Monika Krebber, Stefan May, and
René PGhls joined the E.ON Supervisory Board as employee repre-
sentatives. The leadership of the new E.ON remains in the hands
of the current members of the Company's Management Board.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

15

Restructuring Measures Initiated, including in Germany and
the United Kingdom

In conjunction with the innogy takeover, E.ON announced that it
would make up to 5,000 jobs redundant Group-wide. Before this
backdrop, in May 2019 the Collective Bargaining Agreement for
the Future and Job Security was concluded with employee repre-
sentatives and two trade unions, ver.di and IGBCE. The collective
bargaining agreement will initially apply to personnel changes
and adjustment initiatives carried out in Germany as a result of
the integration of the innogy Group into the E.ON Group. Among
other things, it includes provisions for severance payments for
employees who leave voluntarily, early retirement arrangements,
and the possibility of transfer to a special company for further
employment and qualifications. These measures were further
specified by the end of the year 2019 and they have been available
for selection at selected locations since February 2020.

In late November 2019 E.ON announced proposals to restructure
npower. These proposals call for npower's residential and small
and medium-size enterprise customers ("B2C") to be gradually
combined with E.ON UK's B2C customers on a shared IT plat-
form. In addition, in February 2020 npower and E.ON UK con-
cluded an agreement on the sale of npower's B2C customer
contracts. Furthermore, the plan is for npower's business with
industrial and commercial customers to be carved out. npower's
remaining operations will be restructured over the next two years.
This includes closing most npower offices and thus reducing staff.

Framework Agreement Signed with MVM and Opus to
Reorganize Business in Hungaria

In early October 2019 E.ON acquired EnBW's 27-percent stake
in ELMU Nyrt. (“ELMU") and EMASZ Nyrt. (“EMASZ"). Subse-
quently, EON, MVM Magyar Villamos Miivek Zrt. (“MVM," a
shareholder of ELMU and EMASZ), and Opus Global Nyrt. ("Opus")
signed a framework agreement. Under the agreement, E.ON
intends to give itself a balanced and optimized portfolio in Hun-
gary that will also make it possible to swiftly integrate innogy's
operations there.


--- Page 5 ---

Corporate Profile

The agreement is expected to be fully implemented in 2021.
This will give MVM 100 percent of distribution operator EMASZ
and a 25-percent stake in EON Hungaria, which will then be
ELMU's sole owner. In addition, Opus will be owner of current
E.ON subsidy E.ON Tiszantuli Aramhalozati Zrt. ("E.ON ETI").

Syndicated Credit Facility with ESG Component Concluded

In October 2019 E.ON concluded a new €3.5 billion syndicated
credit facility with a term of five years and two options to extend
the maturity by one year each. In addition, the volume can be
increased by up to €0.75 billion during the facility's lifetime. The
facility replaced two previously existing syndicated credit facili-
ties: EON SE's €2.75 billion facility and innogy SE's €2 billion
facility. The credit margin is linked in part to the development of
certain ESG ratings, which also gives E.ON financial incentives
to pursue a sustainable corporate strategy.

Green Bonds Issued

In August 2019 E.ON issued two €750 million Green Bonds that
mature in 2024 and 2030, respectively. High investor demand
enabled E.ON to secure favorable interest terms with coupons of
0 percent and 0.35 percent per year, respectively. A Green Bond
is a fixed-interest security whose issuance proceeds are used to
fund sustainable infrastructure and energy-efficiency projects.

More Corporate Bonds Issued

In October 2019 E.ON issued two more €750 million bonds. High
investor demand enabled E.ON to secure favorable interest terms
for both maturities (2022 and 2026) with coupons of 0 percent
and 0.25 percent per year, respectively. Following the first Green
Bond in August, this was another placement of a bond with a
zero-percent coupon.

In addition, in November 2019 E.ON issued a €500 million bond
with a 12-year maturity and a coupon of 0.625 percent per year.

In December 2019 E.ON issued another €500 million bond with
a three-year maturity and a coupon of 0 percent per year.

16

Coromatic Acquisition

On July 11, 2019, E.ON concluded the acquisition of 100 percent
of Coromatic, a leading Sweden-based provider of facility-critical
services. The EQT Group was the seller. Coromatic has its head-
quarters in Stockholm and about 500 employees. The company
has more than 5,000 customers in Scandinavia in a wide variety
of sectors, such as data centers, healthcare, the public sector,
transportation, manufacturing, telecommunications, finance, and
retail. The parties agreed not to disclose the purchase price. For
the E.ON Group as a whole, the transaction volume is insignificant.

Nord Stream Stake Transferred to Contractual Trust Arrangement
E.ON Beteiligungen GmbH held all of the shares of PEG Infra-
struktur AG ("PEGI") and thus an indirect, 15.5-percent stake in
Nord Stream AG. Nord Stream AG, a project company founded
in 2005, owns and operates two offshore gas pipelines, each
with a length of 1,224 kilometers, that transport natural gas
from Russia to Germany. In a contract dated December 18, 2019,
E.ON Beteiligungen GmbH sold all of its PEGI shares and thus
its indirect stake in Nord Stream AG to E.ON Pension Trust e.V.
("EPT") with effect and for the account of the trust assets of
MEON Pensions GmbH & Co. KG ("MEON"). The shares were
transferred at the end of the year (for more information, see
Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).

Transfer of Residual Power Output Rights

In July 2019, 10 TWh of residual power output rights was
acquired from Kriimmel nuclear power station and transferred to
Grohnde nuclear power station, which is operated by Preussen-
Elektra. The legal framework ensures that Grohnde and the
other nuclear power stations operated by E.ON have a supply
of other residual power output rights.


--- Page 6 ---

IFRS 16 Leases

We apply IFRS 16 Leases for the first time effective the start
of 2019. It supersedes IAS 17 Leases and IFRIC 4 Determining
whether an Arrangement Contains a Lease. The application of
IFRS 16's main impact on our Consolidated Balance Sheets is
an increase in fixed assets (due to the capitalization of right-of-
use assets) and of financial liabilities (due to the disclosure of
the corresponding lease liabilities). Initial application resulted in
lease liabilities of €0.8 billion and right-of-use assets of roughly
€0.8 billion, based on existing accruals and deferrals. In each case,
€0.3 billion of the amount was recorded at the discontinued oper-
ations at Renewables. In the Consolidated Statements of Income,
the application of IFRS 16 in the year under review resulted in
depreciation charges on right-of-use assets of €0.1 billion and
a decline in other operating expenses of likewise €0.1 billion.
The resulting earnings effect was insignificant (Note 2 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements contains more information
about the aforementioned reclassification effects resulting
from the initial application of IFRS 16).

Right-of-use assets and corresponding leasing liabilities both
totaled €3.1 billion at December 31, 2019. Leasing liabilities are
recorded under economic net debt. In addition, leasing agree-
ments resulted in cash outflow of €0.4 billion in 2019. Of this,
€0.1 billion was recorded under operating cash flow, €0.3 billion
under cash provided by financing activities. Note 32 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements contains more information
about the effects of the initial application of IFRS 16.

Management System

Our corporate strategy aims to deliver sustainable growth in
shareholder value. We have in place a Group-wide planning and
controlling system to assist us in planning and managing E.ON
as a whole and our individual businesses with an eye to increas-
ing their value. This system ensures that our financial resources
are allocated efficiently. We strive to enhance our sustainability
performance efficiently and effectively as well. We embed
these expectations progressively more deeply into our organiza-
tion—across all organizational entities and all processes—by
means of binding Group-wide policies that set minimum standards
(for more information, see the Separate Combined Non-Financial
Report on pages 88 to 101).

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

17

Key Performance Indicators

For the 2019 financial year, E.ON’s most important key perfor-
mance indicators ("KPIs") for managing its operating business
are adjusted EBIT and cash-effective investments. Other KPIs
for managing the E.ON Group are cash-conversion rate, ROCE,
adjusted net income, earnings per share (based on adjusted net
income), and debt factor. The Combined Group Management
Report's presentation of sales and the KPIs relevant for manage-
ment control also includes the results of discontinued operations
in the Renewables segment that were deconsolidated effective
September 18, 2019 (for more information, see page 15 of the
Combined Group Management Report). Pages 27 and 28 of the
Combined Group Management Report and Note 34 to the Con-
solidated Financial Statements contain reconciliations of these
indicators to the disclosures in the E.ON SE and Subsidiaries Con-
solidated Statements of Income, Consolidated Balance Sheets,
and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. E.ON plans to
make changes to the KPIs for the 2020 financial year. These are
likewise described below.

Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes (“adjusted EBIT")

is E.ON's most important KPI for purposes of internal manage-
ment control and as an indicator of its businesses’ long-term
earnings power. The E.ON Management Board is convinced that
adjusted EBIT is the most suitable KPI for assessing operating
performance because it presents a business's operating earnings
independently of non-operating factors, interest, and taxes.
The adjustments include net book gains, certain restructuring
expenses, impairment charges and reversals, the marking to
market of derivatives, and other non-operating earnings (see the
explanatory information on pages 27 and 28 of the Combined
Group Management Report and in Note 34 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements). In addition, the effects of the subsequent
valuation of hidden reserves and liabilities that were identified
as part of the purchase-price calculation and allocation for the
innogy transaction are disclosed separately.


--- Page 7 ---

Corporate Profile

Cash-effective investments are equal to the investment expen-
ditures shown in the E.ON Group's Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows. These include the investments of discontinued
operations in the Renewables segment until they were decon-
solidated effective September 18, 2019.

Cash-conversion rate is equal to operating cash flow before inter-
est and taxes divided by adjusted EBITDA. It indicates whether
E.ON's operating earnings are generating enough liquidity.
From the 2020 financial year onward, the expenditures for the
dismantling of nuclear power stations that are included in oper-
ating cash flow before interest and taxes will no longer be fac-
tored into cash-conversion rate. To balance out fluctuations
that result primarily from payments around the balance-sheet
date, E.ON will manage its cash-conversion rate by means of a
target figure over the three years of the medium-term plan.

Return on capital employed ("ROCE") assesses the value perfor-
mance of E.ON's operating business. ROCE is a pretax total return
on capital and is defined as the ratio of adjusted EBIT to annual

average capital employed. From the 2020 financial year onward,
ROCE will not be factored into components of the E.ON SE Man-
agement Board's compensation. In the 2020 financial year, ROCE
is therefore no longer one of E.ON's most important KPIs. In the
future, it will instead be reported as one of E.ON's other KPIs.

Adjusted net income is an earnings figure after interest income,
income taxes, and non-controlling interests that has likewise
been adjusted to exclude non-operating effects (see the explan-
atory information on pages 27 and 28 of the Combined Group
Management Report).

E.ON manages its capital structure by means of its debt factor
(see the section entitled Finance Strategy on page 29). Debt
factor is equal to economic net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA
and is therefore a dynamic debt metric. Economic net debt
includes net financial debt as well as pension and asset-retire-
ment obligations.

18

Other KPIs

Alongside our most important financial management KPIs, the
Combined Group Management Report includes other financial
and non-financial KPIs to present the performance of E.ON's
operating business and part of E.ON's responsibility for all our
stakeholders: our employees, customers, shareholders, bond
investors, and the countries in which we operate. Operating
cash flow, power and gas passthrough, and selected employee
information are examples of other KPIs.

In addition, some KPIs are important for E.ON as a customer-
focused company. For example, we see our ability to acquire new
customers and retain existing ones as crucial to our company's
success. Net promoter score ("NPS") measures customers’
willingness to recommend E.ON to a friend or colleague. Our
Sustainability Report and the Separate Combined Non-Financial
Report describe how NPS fits into our management approach.

However, these other KPIs are not the focus of the ongoing
management of our businesses.

Innovation

E.ON's innovation activities reflect its strategy of focusing sys-
tematically on the new energy world of empowered and proactive
customers, renewables and distributed energy, energy efficiency,
local energy systems, and digital solutions. The innovation
activities in the Group therefore have the following focus areas:

¢ Retail and end-customer solutions: develop new business
models for distributed-energy supply for end-customers and
industry, energy efficiency, sustainable city and city-district
solution, and mobility

¢ Infrastructure and energy networks: develop energy-storage
and energy-distribution solutions for an increasingly distrib-
uted and volatile generation system


--- Page 8 ---

¢ Energy intelligence and energy systems: study potentially
fundamental changes to energy systems and the role of data
in the new energy world

« Renewables generation: increase the cost-effectiveness of
existing wind and solar assets and study new renewables
technologies; E.ON's renewables business along with its
innovation activities regarding renewables was transferred
to RWE in September 2019.

Strategic Co-Investments

We want to identify promising energy technologies of the
future that will enhance our palette of offerings for our millions
of customers around Europe and will make us a pacesetter in
the operation of smart energy systems. We select new busi-
nesses that offer the best opportunities for partnerships, com-
mercialization, and equity investments. Our investments focus
on strategic technologies and business models that enhance
our ability to lead the move toward distributed, sustainable, and
innovative energy offerings. These arrangements benefit new
technology companies and E.ON, since we gain access to their
new business models and have a share in the value growth.

In 2019 we invested in Vinli and HoloBuilder and made a number
of follow-up investments in our portfolio.

Vinli, a U.S.-based startup, has developed software and a data
analysis platform for mobility solutions. The software solution not
only collects and clearly structures data from vehicles connected
to the system. It can also generate results-oriented insights that
enable large vehicle fleet operators, automakers, and service
providers to make the advantages of eMobility economical.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

19

HoloBuilder, a startup with roots in Aachen and based in San
Francisco, has developed a cloud solution that not only enables
virtual construction site inspections and 360° live streaming
from construction sites but also time travel: construction man-
agers, business customers, and contractors can fast-forward
and rewind at any time and thus better track construction prog-
ress. Another feature is the virtual measurement of distances at
aconstruction site. The images for the software are provided
by a 360° camera in conjunction with the JobWalk app, which
employees can use on site to activate the camera and document
the project.

Going forward, E.ON will use HoloBuilder's solution for projects to
install network equipment (such as substations and switchgears)
and for large city energy projects. We believe the digitization of
construction projects offers significant, as yet untapped potential.

Partnerships with Universities

Our innovation activities include partnering with universities
and research institutes to conduct research projects in a variety
of areas. The purpose is to study ways to expand the horizons
of energy conservation and sustainable energy and to draw on
this research to develop new offerings and solutions for cus-
tomers. Collaborative work in the E.ON Energy Research Center
at RWTH Aachen University focuses on technologically advanced
electricity networks, innovative heat solutions for buildings and
city districts, and new solutions for residential customers and
industrial enterprises.


--- Page 9 ---

Business Report

Business Report
Macroeconomic and Industry Environment

Macroeconomic Environment

After peak growth in 2018, the world economy experienced a
downturn in 2019. Ongoing uncertainty about Brexit and
increasing trade tensions between the United States and China
were the dominant features of 2019. As a result, almost all
economies slowed, and world trade stagnated. Global economic
growth in 2019 is estimated to have declined by 0.8 percentage
points year on year to 2.9 percent.

GDP Growth in Real Terms in 2019

Annual change in percent

Germany
Italy
Euro zone

Sweden

United
Kingdom

USA
OECD

Turkey

i) 1 2

Source: OECD, 2019.

COVID-19 (Coronavirus)

The outbreak and spread of the novel coronavirus has major
global implications, including economic and financial implications.
E.ON is aware of its responsibility as an operator of critical infra-
structure in this context as well. It has established a crisis team
which is monitoring current developments so that the Company
can, if necessary, expand the measures it has already taken.

20

Energy Policy and Regulatory Environment

Global

On November 4, 2019, the U.S. government under President
Donald Trump gave notice that it intends to withdraw from the
Paris climate agreement. The one-year transition period until
the formal exit will end on November 3, 2020, one day after the
upcoming presidential election.

The 25th UN climate change conference, held in Madrid from
December 2 to 15, 2019, was largely without result. The dele-
gates from just under 200 countries were only able to reach
agreement on a minimal compromise. In the final document,
countries agreed to review the gap between their existing vol-
untary climate targets and what would be necessary to limit
the increase in global temperatures to below 2 degrees Celsius
as foreseen in the Paris agreement. Consequently, key deci-
sions—such as a voluntary commitment by all countries to more
climate protection and the design of a global market mechanism
for trading in climate-protection certificates—were postponed
until the next climate summit, which will be held in Glasgow
later this year.

Europe

Following the elections to the European Parliament in May 2019,
the European Union elected a new Commission. Commission
President Ursula von der Leyen resolved to make climate and
environmental issues her top priority by launching the European
Green Deal. Its centerpiece is a legally binding commitment by
the EU to achieve climate neutrality by 2050. In addition, the
new Commission intends to consider raising the 2030 carbon-
reduction targets to 50 to 55 percent. To help achieve them, the
Commission will make proposals for an EU emissions trading
scheme for the transport and construction sectors (which will
eventually be merged with the existing emissions trading
scheme), introduce a carbon border tax that conforms with World
Trade Organization rules, and review the Energy Tax Directive.


--- Page 10 ---

The European Green Deal will include a Just Transition Mecha-
nism to support regions dependent on fossil fuels. In addition, the
Commission will launch a Sustainable Europe Investment Plan,
mobilizing investments of €1 trillion over the next decade. As
part of this effort, it will seek to transform parts of the European
Investment Bank into a climate bank and double its funding for
climate investment by 2025. The new Commission also intends
to present a new industrial policy and proposals for the ethical
regulation of artificial intelligence. The proposals for relations,
consultation, and legislation are expected to be published in 2020
and 2021.

Germany

The continuation of the grand coalition means that the climate
targets contained in the coalition agreement that followed the
2017 Bundestag elections remain unchanged. One target is for
renewables to meet about 65 percent of the country’s gross
electricity consumption by 2030. The ambitious action plan for
upgrading and expanding energy networks also remains in place.

The package of climate legislation adopted by the German gov-
ernment at the end of 2019 focuses on four different areas for
achieving the country’s climate targets in 2030. One core ele-
ment is the introduction of certificate trading to put a price on
carbon emissions in the building and transport sectors. Another
is a mixture of regulatory requirements, financial incentives,
and socially motivated compensation mechanisms. The Cabinet
Committee on Climate Protection, or Climate Cabinet, will
assume responsibility for managing Germany's climate-protec-
tion strategy, assesses progress annually, and adjust measures
as necessary.

Renewables expansion remains a controversial issue. The
governing parties could not agree on additional measures in
2019. Although the Coal Commission presented its final report
in January 2019, the federal cabinet did not adopt the corre-
sponding draft legislation until January 2020. The Renewable
Energy Sources Act (known by its German abbreviation, “EEG")
is expected to be amended in the first half of 2020.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

21

E.ON unequivocally supports the German federal government's
65-percent renewables target. To get there, renewables output
would have to roughly double by 2030. Achieving growth of this
magnitude requires making sufficient land available. To garner
public support for the energy transition, however, land use is
often limited. Examples include minimum setback restrictions
for the siting of wind farms and limitations on the installation
of solar farms. To ensure that targets are reached and that the
energy transition as a whole is a success, E.ON advocates flexible
and ambitious rules for the expansion of wind energy and the
construction of solar facilities.

Aruling issued by the Federal Supreme Court on July 9, 2019,
affects E.ON's core network business. It upheld the Federal
Network Agency's reduction of the allowable pretax return on
equity for operators of electricity and gas distribution networks
from 9.05 percent to 6.91 percent for the third regulatory period.
E.ON's distribution system operators ("DSOs") and roughly
1,100 other companies had filed administrative appeals against
the reduction with the State Superior Court in Diisseldorf.

The Federal Ministry of Economics and Energy ("BMW") plans to
amend the Incentive Regulation Ordinance ("ARegV") by mid-
2020. The amendment's principal purpose is to establish stronger
economic incentives for efficient congestion management and
grid expansion. E.ON could benefit from a revision of the amended
ARegV's allowed return on equity.


--- Page 11 ---

Business Report

In November 2019 the federal cabinet approved the master plan
for charging infrastructure. It contains measures for rapidly
establishing a nationwide, user-friendly charging infrastructure
for up to 10 million electric vehicles by 2030. The objective is
1 million public charging points, with 50,000 being installed in
the next two years. In addition, from 2020 onward €50 million
will be made available for residential charging options.

Great Britain

2019 proved to be a politically turbulent year in Great Britain.
Parliament's vote on the Brexit agreement, which was originally
supposed to be held by March 29, was postponed several times.
The exit agreement, known as an Article 50 procedure, was
amended to include a “flextension,” which extended the deadline
again, this time to January 31, 2020. Amid the negotiation of a
revised exit agreement, the new Prime Minister, Boris Johnson,
was finally able to hold a general election on December 12.
Brexit was the election's predominant issue, and a solution for it
was foremost in voters’ minds. Johnson and his party emerged
as the election's clear winners. Afterward, Johnson carried out
his conception of the Brexit deal and led Britain out of the
European Union on January 31, 2020, as planned. The specter of
a hard Brexit—that is, Britain exiting without an agreement—was
forestalled. There is now a transition period until December 31,
2020. During this time, Britain can negotiate an exit agreement
with the European Union but will continue to be treated as an
EU member. In principle, both sides are interested in a far-reaching
free-trade agreement and very close relations in all policy areas,
especially in foreign and security policy. Given the very tight time-
frame and the British government's decision not to extend the
transition period under any circumstances, the exit negotiations
will be a historic challenge for both sides.

22

In June 2019 the government formally amended the 2008 Cli-

mate Change Act to commit to net zero emissions by 2050. Net
zero is at the top of the energy agenda. It is becoming increasingly
important that measures be designed now to meet the ambitious
target, which will help put Britain on the road to decarbonization.

Italy

In August 2019, 18 months after the election, Italy experienced
a government crisis. A pro-environment center-left coalition
formed a new government in September. The new government's
energy policy aims to increase renewables generation (with
particular emphasis on self-generation systems) and, as part of a
Green New Deal, to phase out coal-fired power stations by 2025.
In October the national regulatory agency presented a proposal
for the transition to a fully liberalized electricity market for
end-consumers. Regulated prices are currently scheduled to
expire on July 1, 2020.

Sweden

Sweden's energy policy remains focused on the 2016 cross-party
energy agreement that foresees a fully renewable electricity
system over the long term. The agreement features a number of
climate policies, including a target of 100 percent renewable
electricity by 2040. The main policy instrument, the elcertificate
market scheme, has resulted in substantial growth in wind
power and the conversion of fossil fuel to biomass. Sweden will
likely achieve its 2030 renewables target in the early 2020s.
Anew government was formed in January 2019. The coalition
agreement contains plans to revise eco-taxes. They include
increased taxation of fossil-fueled CHP plants and a planned tax
on waste incineration. The new regulatory period for electricity
grids began on January 1, 2020. It is anticipated that unused
discretionary investments from previous regulatory periods can
be carried over to the new period for a certain level of investment.


--- Page 12 ---

East-Central Europe

The Czech government still needs to present a draft law to trans-
pose the EU electricity market directive. The Czech Republic's
National Energy and Climate Plan ("NECP") will chart the future
course of its energy sector in the years ahead.

In March 2019 Slovakia held presidential elections in which
Zuzana Caputova was elected the new president. An amended
law on support for renewables and high-efficiency cogeneration
that introduces feed-in tariffs for new power producers as
well as the exemption of DSOs from the support mechanisms
will impact E.ON's business in Slovakia.

Municipal elections held in Hungary on October 13, 2019,
yielded significant gains for opposition parties. The incumbent
mayor of Budapest, supported by the governing Fidesz party,
lost to the opposition party candidate after nine years in office.
It is unclear how the national government will cooperate with
the opposition at the municipal level. The Hungarian government
submitted its draft National Energy Strategy 2020 to parliament
for approval. The strategy calls for Hungary's electricity sector
to be 90 percent carbon-neutral by 2030 by adding more nuclear
and renewables capacity, especially solar.

Anew Romanian government led by the National Liberal Party
was formed on November 4 after parliament's vote of no
confidence against the former Social Democratic government.
It reinstated residential customers' priority access to gas, to
which the European Commission responded by opening infringe-
ment proceedings regarding the country's export ban.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

23

Business Performance

E.ON's operating business delivered a positive performance in
2019. Sales of €41.5 billion were €11.4 billion above the prior-
year figure. The increase resulted largely from the takeover of
the innogy Group in September 2019.

Adjusted EBIT for the E.ON Group of €3.2 billion was €0.2 billion
above the prior-year level and likewise above the range of
€2.9 to €3.1 billion forecast in the 2018 Annual Report. This is
principally attributable to the closing of the innogy transaction.
Additional earnings streams from the innogy Group were partially
offset by the absence of the Renewables segment's businesses
that were transferred to RWE. Adjusted net income of €1.5 billion
was at the prior-year level and thus within the range of €1.4 to
€1.6 billion forecast in the 2018 Annual Report. Earnings per
share, which are based on adjusted net income, amounted to
€0.67 in the reporting period (prior year: €0.69). In addition,
adjusted EBIT and adjusted net income were both within the
forecast ranges that were adjusted in November 2019 owing to
changes in E.ON's setup.

In addition, our objective was to record a cash-conversion rate
of at least 80 percent. Cash-conversion rate is equal to operating
cash flow before interest and taxes (€4.4 billion) divided by
adjusted EBITDA (€5.6 billion). Our cash-conversion rate was
therefore roughly 80 percent. Our ROCE was 8.4 percent, within
our forecast range of 8 to 10 percent.

Investments of €5.5 billion were considerably above the prior-
year figure of €3.5 billion and the €3.7 billion forecast for
2019 in the E.ON 2018 Annual Report. The deviation is likewise
attributable to the innogy transaction. Additional investments
resulted primarily from the acquisition of innogy SE stock and


--- Page 13 ---

Business Report

from the innogy Group since the closing of its takeover by E.ON.
By contrast, investments at the Renewables segment declined
because substantially all of it was transferred to RWE. In Novem-
ber 2019 E.ON adjusted its investment forecast to €6 billion.
This figure was not achieved especially because certain payments
for the acquisition of additional shares in subsidiaries had to be
recorded in cash provided by financing activities.

Cash provided by operating activities of continuing and discon-
tinued operations of €3 billion was at the prior-year level.

Acquisitions, Disposals, and Discontinued Operations in 2019
In 2019 E.ON executed the following significant transactions and
made the following reclassifications pursuant to IFRS 5. Note 4
to the Consolidated Financial Statements contains detailed
information about them:

¢ Closure of the innogy takeover

¢ Transfer of substantially all of the renewables business and
two of PreussenElektra’s minority stakes to RWE

¢ Transfer of PEG Infrastruktur AG ("PEGI"), the parent
company of Nord Stream AG, into E.ON's Contractual Trust
Arrangement ("CTA")

« Reclassification of innogy's sales business in the Czech
Republic as a discontinued operation

* Reclassification of Tiszantuli Aramhalézati Zrt. as a disposal
group.

Cash provided by investing activities of continuing operations
includes cash-effective disposal proceeds totaling €256 million
in 2019 (prior year: €4,306 million).

24

Earnings Situation

Sales

E.ON recorded sales of €41.5 billion in 2019, about €11.4 billion
more than the prior-year figure. The increase is primarily attrib-
utable to the acquisition of the innogy Group in September
2019. In addition, the IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRS IC")
clarified the accounting treatment of commodity futures trans-
actions that are settled with physical delivery, that cannot

be classified as own-use contracts pursuant to IFRS 9, and that
are accounted for as derivatives (failed-own-use contracts).
E.ON has applied this change in accounting methods from the
start of the 2019 financial year and adjusted the prior-year
figures accordingly. The adjustment's effects include volatility
in reported sales (for more information, see Note 2 to the Con-
solidated Financial Statements).

Energy Networks’ sales were at the prior-year level. Customer
Solutions’ sales increased by €1.3 billion. Higher power and gas
sales volume in Germany was the primary factor. Sales also
rose principally because of higher sales prices and sales volume
in Italy, the Czech Republic, and Hungary.

Substantially all of the Renewables segment was transferred
to RWE in September 2019 as part of the innogy transaction.
Consequently, its sales declined by about €0.2 billion year on
year to €1.6 billion.

Sales at Non-Core Business declined significantly to €1.2 billion
owing to the expiration of supply contracts and the transfer of
minority stakes in nuclear power stations to RWE.

Sales*?

Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2019 2018 +1-% 2019 2018 +/-%
Energy Networks 2,314 2,355 -2 8,870 8,769 +1
Customer Solutions 6,591 6,286 +5 23,279 21,987 +6
innogy 9,528 - - 10,444 - -
Renewables 293 541 -46 1,596 1,754 -9
Non-Core Business 307 411 -25 1,174 1,370 -14
Corporate Functions/Other 178 144 +24 622 644 -3
Consolidation -1,238 -6 -4,501 -4,440 1
E.ON Group 17,973 +110 41,484 30,084 +38

Includes the discontinued operations in the Renewables segment until September 18, 2019. Sales from continuing operations amounted to €41 billion in 2019 (prior year: €29.4 billion)
2Includes effects resulting from failed-own-use contracts; we adjusted the prior-year quarters accordingly (see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).


--- Page 14 ---

Other Line Items from the Consolidated Statements of Income
Own work capitalized of €487 million (prior year: €394 million)
mainly reflected the capitalization of work in IT projects and
network investments. The increase is mainly attributable to the
inclusion of innogy.

The aforementioned failed-own-use contracts also affect cost
of materials as well as other operating income and expenses.
See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more
information.

Other operating income rose by €315 million, from €5,334 million
to €5,649 million. The increase resulted mainly from higher
income from the termination, as part of the initial innogy pur-
chase-price allocation, of own-use contracts of €755 million
recorded as liabilities. By contrast, the sale of equity interests
and securities declined by €456 million to €612 million. In 2019
this includes €390 million from the sale of PEG Infrastruktur AG,
the parent company of Nord Stream AG. Income from the sale
of equity interests of €42 million was lower than in the prior year
(€91 million).

Costs of materials of €32,126 million were significantly above
the prior-year level of €22,635 million. The increase is principally
attributable to the acquisition of the innogy Group.

Personnel costs of €4,101 million were €1,641 million above the
figure of €2,460 million. The innogy takeover is the main reason
for the increase. This also resulted in higher expenditures for
staff restructuring.

Depreciation charges rose year on year, from €1,575 million to
€2,502 million. The change mainly reflects the inclusion of innogy
for the first time. The increase is also attributable to initial appli-
cation of IFRS 16 and the resulting depreciation of right-of-use
assets. In the year under review, E.ON recorded impairment
charges in particular at Energy Networks in Germany for decom-
missioning costs of a gas storage facility and at Customer Solu-
tions in the United Kingdom.

Other operating expenses increased by 54 percent, from
€4,786 million to €7,355 million. In particular, expenditures
relating to derivative financial instruments rose substantially,
from €866 million to €2,270 million. Expenditures relating to

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

25

currency-translation effects amounted to €1,775 million (prior
year: €1,626 million). Other operating expenses also include
expenditures of €725 million resulting from the termination, as
part of the initial innogy purchase-price allocation, of own-use
contracts recorded as liabilities.

Income from companies accounted for under the equity method
of €421 million was considerably above the prior-year figure of
€269 million. Equity income from the stake in Enerjisa Uretim
Santralleri A.$. was €91 million above the prior-year level. Income
also rose through the inclusion of innogy's equity interests for
the first time.

Adjusted EBIT
In 2019 adjusted EBIT in our core business surpassed the
prior-year figure by €262 million.

Energy Networks’ adjusted EBIT of €1,888 million was at the
prior-year level. An increase in adjusted EBIT in Germany and
Sweden was partially offset by a decrease in East-Central
Europe/Turkey.

Adjusted EBIT at Customer Solutions decreased significantly
(-€100 million), particularly because of the new regulatory price
caps and a smaller customer base in the United Kingdom.

The innogy segment recorded adjusted EBIT of €421 million
from September 18 to December 31, 2019. These earnings are
principally attributable to innogy’s network business, primarily
in Germany.

As already described, substantially all of the Renewables segment
was transferred to RWE in September 2019. Consequently, its
adjusted EBIT declined by €174 million year on year.

The E.ON Group's adjusted EBIT was €246 million above the
prior-year figure. Its core business was characterized by the
aforementioned items. Non-Core Business's adjusted EBIT
declined slightly. PreussenElektra was adversely affected by
higher depreciation charges, the transfer of minority stakes

in nuclear power stations to RWE, and longer plant downtimes.
These factors were largely offset by higher earnings from the
generation business in Turkey.


--- Page 15 ---

Business Report

26

Adjusted EBIT

Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2019 2018 +-% 2019 2018 +1-%
Energy Networks 463 372 +24 1,888 1,844 42
Customer Solutions 89 53 +68 313 413 -24
innogy 417 - - 421 - -
Renewables 19 238 -92 347 521 -33
Corporate Functions/Other - -73 - -107 -153 -
Consolidation -1 -21 - 7 -18 -
Adjusted EBIT from core business 987 569 +73 2,869 2,607 +10
Non-Core Business 40 68 -41 366 382 -4
Adjusted EBIT 1,027 637 +61 3,235 2,989 +8

E.ON generates a large portion of its adjusted EBIT in very stable
businesses. Regulated, quasi-regulated, and long-term con-
tracted businesses accounted for the overwhelming proportion
of our adjusted EBIT in 2019.

Our regulated business consists of operations in which revenues
are largely set by law and based on costs. The earnings on these
revenues are therefore extremely stable and predictable.

Our quasi-regulated and long-term contracted business consists
of operations in which earnings have a high degree of predict-
ability because key determinants (price and/or volume) are largely
set for the medium to long term. Examples include the operation
of industrial customer solutions with long-term supply agreements
and the operation of heating networks.

Our merchant activities are all those that cannot be subsumed
under either of the other two categories.

Net Income/Loss

In 2019 E.ON recorded net income attributable to shareholders
of E.ON SE of €1.6 billion and corresponding earnings per
share of €0.68. In the prior year E.ON recorded net income of
€3.2 billion and earnings per share of €1.49.

Pursuant to IFRS 5, income/loss from discontinued operations,
net, is reported separately in the Consolidated Statements of
Income and, for 2019 and the prior year, includes primarily the
earnings from the discontinued operations at Renewables, which
were deconsolidated effective September 18, 2019. Alongside
the operating earnings of discontinued operations, this figure
contains items resulting from the deconsolidation. In this context,
items previously recognized in equity were recorded in income.
This figure also includes the earnings from the transitional
consolidation of Rampion wind farm following the reduction in
E.ON's stake to 20 percent. Deconsolidation resulted in income of
€0.8 billion. Earnings from innogy's sales business in the Czech
Republic are reported under this item as well.

E.ON's tax expense was €53 million (prior year: €46 million).
E.ON's tax rate in 2019 was 7 percent (prior year: 1 percent). In
particular, the release of tax provisions and liabilities for prior
years led to a lower tax rate in the year under review and in 2018.
In addition, higher tax-free income and/or income not subject to
tax exposure reduced the tax rate in 2018.

The improvement in financial results relative to the prior year
mainly reflects positive earnings effects from the marking to
market of securities, which were partially offset by negative


--- Page 16 ---

valuation effects relating to non-current provisions. Financial
results also include a positive effect of €142 million resulting
from the difference between the nominal and fair value of bonds
issued by innogy and innogy Finance B.V.

Net book gains in the 2019 financial year declined significantly.
They consist primarily of effects resulting from the deconsolida-
tion of PEGI, the parent company of Nord Stream. The prior-year
figure included book gains on the disposal of E.ON's remaining
Uniper stake, Hamburg Netz, E.ON Gas Sverige, and, overall, a
book loss on the initial public offering of Enerjisa Enerji. In addi-
tion, book gains on the sale of securities were below the prior-
year figure.

Restructuring expenses were significantly higher than in the

prior year and in 2019 consisted primarily of expenditures in
conjunction with the acquisition of innogy. They also include

Net Income/Loss

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

27

expenditures for the restructuring measures instigated in Ger-
many and, from the date of the acquisition’s closing, at npower,
innogy's U.K. sales business.

Anon-operating effect of -€707 million resulted from derivative
financial instruments in the 2019 financial year (prior year:
+€610 million). Negative items in 2019 resulted primarily from
hedging against price fluctuations, in particular at Customer
Solutions, and from the marking to market of derivatives at the
innogy segment. The figure for 2018 was mainly attributable to
derivative financial instruments in conjunction with contractual
rights and obligations relating to the sale of E.ON's Uniper stake.
In addition, non-operating earnings includes, in the line item
“Effects from derivative financial instruments,” all effects
resulting from failed-own-use contracts (for more information,
see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).

Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2019 2018 2019 2018
Net income/loss 163 369 1,808 3,524
Attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE 126 303 1,566 3,223
Attributable to non-controlling interests 37 66 242 301
Income/Loss from discontinued operations, net 26 -116 -1,064 -286
Income/Loss from continuing ope! 189 253 744 3,238
Income taxes -306 -152 53 46
Financial results 32 215 554 669
Income/Loss from continuing operations before financial results and income taxes -85 316 1,351 3,953
Income/Loss from equity investments 3 -24 58 44
EBIT -88 292 1,409 3,997
Non-operating adjustments 1,115 110 1,526 -1,521
Net book gains (-)/losses (+) -398 2 -366 -857
Restructuring expenses 640 12 819 64
Effects from derivative financial instruments 633 295 707 -610
Impairments (+)/Reversals (-) 273 61 275 61
Carryforward of hidden reserves (-) and liabilities (+) from the innogy transaction 113 - 252 -
Other non-operating earnings -146 -260 -161 -179
Reclassified businesses of Renewables? (adjusted EBIT) - 235 300 513
Adjusted EBIT 1,027 637 3,235 2,989
Impairments (+)/Reversals (-) 64 27 66 45
Scheduled depreciation and amortization 725 414 1,986 1,475
Reclassified businesses of Renewables?
(scheduled depreciation and amortization, impairment charges and reversals) - 87 271 331
Adjusted EBITDA 1,816 1,165 5,558 4,840

*Deconsolidated effective September 18, 2019.


--- Page 17 ---

Business Report

In 2019 E.ON recorded impairment charges in particular at
Customer Solutions in the United Kingdom, Energy Networks in
Germany, and innogy. In the prior year E.ON recorded impairment
charges primarily at Customer Solutions in the United Kingdom
and E.ON Business Solutions.

Items resulting from the subsequent valuation of hidden reserves
and liabilities as part of the preliminary purchase-price allocation
and newly recorded items resulting from the valuation of finan-
cial assets at the innogy segment are disclosed separately. The
latter will be balanced out in subsequent reporting periods.

Other non-operating earnings were at the prior-year level. In 2019
they include, among other items, the positive effect of realized
income from hedging transactions for certain currency risks.

Adjusted Net Income

Like EBIT, net income also consists of non-operating effects,
such as the marking to market of derivatives. Adjusted net
income is an earnings figure after interest income, income taxes,
and non-controlling interests that has been adjusted to exclude
non-operating effects.

Adjusted Net Income

28

In addition to the marking to market of derivatives, the adjust-
ments include book gains and book losses on disposals, certain
restructuring expenses, other material non-operating income
and expenses (after taxes and non-controlling interests), and
interest expense/income not affecting net income, which consists
of the interest expense/income resulting from non-operating
effects. Other non-operating earnings and non-operating inter-
est expense also include the subsequent valuation of hidden
reserves and liabilities identified as part of the purchase-price
calculation and allocation for the innogy transaction.

In addition, adjusted net income includes the earnings (adjusted
to exclude non-operating effects) of the discontinued operations
at Renewables, which were deconsolidated effective Septem-
ber 18, 2019, as if their disclosure and valuation had not been
reclassified pursuant to IFRS 5. Pages 15 and 17 of the Com-
bined Group Management Report and Notes 4 and 34 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements contain more information.

Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2019 2018 2019 2018
Income/Loss from continuing operations before financial results and income taxes -85 316 1,351 3,953
Income/Loss from equity investments -3 -24 58 44
EBIT -88 292 1,409 3,997
Non-operating adjustments 1,115 110 1,526 -1,521
Reclassified businesses of Renewables* (adjusted EBIT) - 235 300 513
Adjusted EBIT 1,027 637 3,235 2,989
Net interest income/loss -29 -191 -612 -713
Non-operating interest expense (+)/income (-) -264 53 -66 174
Reclassified businesses of Renewables? (operating interest expense (+)/income (-)) - -36 -123 -135
Op: 734 463 2,434 2,315
Taxes on operating earnings -206 -126 -586 -544
Operating earnings attributable to non-controlling interests -169 -54 -316 -221
Reclassified businesses of Renewables? (taxes and minority interests on operating earnings) 1 14 4 -45
Adjusted net income 360 297 1,536 1,505

*Deconsolidated as of September 18, 2019,


--- Page 18 ---

Financial Situation

E.ON presents its financial condition using, among other financial
measures, economic net debt, debt factor, and operating cash
flow.

Finance Strategy

Our finance strategy focuses on E.ON's capital structure. Ensuring
that E.ON has unrestricted access to capital markets is at the
forefront of this strategy.

With our target capital structure we aim to sustainably secure
a strong BBB/Baa rating.

We manage E.ON's capital structure using debt factor, which

is equal to economic net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA; it is
therefore a dynamic debt metric. Economic net debt includes
not only financial liabilities but also provisions for pensions and
asset-retirement obligations. In addition, at year-end 2018 it
included the reclassified operations at Renewables that were
deconsolidated effective September 18, 2019, and the obligations
in conjunction with PreussenElektra's divested minority stakes.

The low interest-rate environment continued. In some cases
this led to negative real interest rates on asset-retirement
obligations. As in prior years, provisions therefore exceeded the
actual amount of asset-retirement obligations at year-end 2019
without factoring in discounting and cost-escalation effects.
This limits the relevance of economic net debt as a key figure.
We want economic net debt to serve as a useful key figure that
aptly depicts E.ON's debt situation. In the case of material provi-
sions affected by negative real interest rates, we have therefore
used the aforementioned actual amount of the obligations instead
of the balance-sheet figure to calculate economic net debt since
year-end 2016.

Pursuant to IFRS valuation standards, innogy's financial liabilities
at the time of initial consolidation were recorded at their fair
value. This fair value is significantly higher than the original nomi-
nal value because interest-rate levels have declined since innogy's
bonds were issued. The purchase-price allocation yielded a
difference between the nominal value and the fair value, which
results in additional liabilities of €2.5 billion at year-end 2019.
This amount will be recorded in financial earnings as a reduction
in expenditures and spread out over the maturity period of the

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

29

respective bonds. These balance-sheet and earnings effects
do not alter the interest and principal payments. To manage
economic net debt, we continue to use the nominal amount of
financial liabilities, which deviates from the figure shown in
E.ON's balance sheets.

E.ON aims to reduce the debt factor to around 5 over the
medium term.

E.ON's debt factor at year-end 2019 of 7.1 was above our
medium-term target of below 4. The informational value of this
key figure at year-end 2019 is very limited, however, because
following the closing of the innogy takeover it contains all of the
relevant items of innogy's debt but only a portion of its adjusted
EBITDA, namely from the closure of the takeover to year-end 2019.

Economic Net Debt

Compared with the figure recorded at December 31, 2018
(€16.6 billion), E.ON's economic net debt increased by
€22.8 billion to €39.4 billion.

Economic net debt at the balance-sheet date mainly reflects
special items. Debt rose in particular owing to the initial consol-
idation of innogy operations. This was partially counteracted

by the deconsolidation of reclassified operations at Renewables
and PreussenElektra that were still included in the figure at
year-end 2018. In addition, the figure at the balance-sheet date
includes cash-effective items relating to the innogy transaction
(see pages 31 and 32 for more information).

Provisions for pensions rose, in part because of significantly lower
actuarial interest rates, which led to an increase in defined ben-
efit obligations despite the positive development of plan assets.

Economic net debt in the year under review was also affected
by the initial application of IFRS 16 (see the section entitled
Special Events in the Reporting Period on page 17). The initial
application of IFRS 16 does not have a material impact on E.ON's
debt-bearing capacity, because operating lease relationships
were already included in its calculation prior to the introduction
of IFRS 16.


--- Page 19 ---

Business Report

Economic Net Debt

December 31,
€ in millions 2019 2018
Liquid funds 3,602 5,423
Non-current securities 2,353 2,295
Financial liabilities* -29,482 -10,721
FX hedging adjustment 167 -28
Net financial position -23,360 -3,031
Provisions for pensions -7,201 -3,261
Asset-retirement obligations? -8,869 -10,288
Economic net debt -39,430 -16,580
Adjusted EBITDA 5,558 4,840
Debt factor 71 34

Bonds issued by innogy are recorded at their nominal value. The figure shown in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets is €2.5 billion higher.

2This figure is not the same as the asset-retirement obligations shown in the Consolidated
Balance Sheet from continuing and discontinued operations (€10,571 million at December 31,
2019; €11,889 million at December 31, 2018). This is because we calculate economic net
debt in part based on the actual amount of the obligations.

Reconciliation of Economic Net Debt

December 31
€ in millions 2019 2018
Economic net debt -39,430 -16,580
Reclassified businesses of Renewables and

PreussenElektra* - 1,961
Economic net debt (continuing operations) -39,430 -14,619

*Deconsolidated effective September 18, 2019.

Funding Policy and Initiatives

The key objective of our funding policy is for E.ON to have access
to a variety of financing sources at all times. We achieve this
objective by using different markets and debt instruments to
maximize the diversity of our investor base. E.ON issues bonds
with tenors that give its debt portfolio a balanced maturity
profile. Moreover, large-volume benchmark issues may in some
cases be combined with smaller issues, private placements,
and/or promissory notes. Furthermore, in 2019 E.ON for the
first time issued Green Bonds and, going forward, intends to
continue issuing a portion of its bonds as Green Bonds. External
funding is generally carried out by E.ON SE, and the funds are
subsequently on-lent in the Group. In the past, external funding

30

was also carried out by our Dutch finance subsidiary, E.ON Inter-
national Finance B.V. ("EIF"), under guarantee of E.ON SE and by
innogy SE and innogy Finance B.V. under guarantee of innogy SE.
In 2019 E.ON paid back in full maturities of €1.1 billion. EON
issued new debt totaling €4 billion.

Financial Liabil

December 31
€in billions 2019 2018
Bonds" 24.6 9.0
EUR 15.6 4.0
GBP 7.6 3.8
usD 0.9 0.9
JPY 0.3 0.2
Other currencies 0.2 01
Promissory notes 0.0 01
Commercial paper 0.1 0.0
Other liabilities 48 16
Total 29.5 10.7

AIncludes private placements.

With the exception of a U.S.-dollar-denominated bond issued in
2008, all of E.ON SE and EIF's currently outstanding bonds were
issued under a Debt Issuance Program ("DIP"). Similarly, innogy
and innogy Finance B.V. bonds were issued under the innogy
Group's DIP. A DIP simplifies a company's ability to issue debt to
investors in public and private placements in flexible time frames.
E.ON SE's DIP was last updated in March 2019 with a total
volume of €35 billion, of which about €11.8 billion was utilized
at year-end 2019. E.ON SE intends to renew the DIP in 2020.

In addition to its DIP, E.ON has a €10 billion European Commercial
Paper ("CP") program and a $10 billion U.S. CP program under
which it can issue short-term notes. At year-end 2019 E.ON had
€50 million of CP outstanding (prior year: €0).

E.ON also has access to a five-year, €3.5 billion syndicated credit
facility, which was concluded on October 24, 2019, and which
includes two options to extend the facility, in each case for one
year. The facility replaced two previously existing syndicated
credit facilities: EON SE's €2.75 billion facility and innogy SE's


--- Page 20 ---

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

31

Maturity Profile of Bonds Issued by E.ON SE, E.ON International Finance B.V., innogy SE, and innogy Finance B.V.

€ in billions

10.0

8.0

6.0

40

2.0

At December 31, 2019

2020 2021 2022 2023

€2 billion facility. The credit margin is linked in part to the
development of certain ESG ratings, which gives E.ON financial
incentives to pursue a sustainable corporate strategy. The ESG
ratings are set by three renowned agencies: ISS ESG, MSCI ESG
Research, and Sustainalytics. The facility serves as a reliable,
ongoing general liquidity reserve for the E.ON Group and can
be drawn on as needed. The credit facility is made available by
21 banks which constitute E.ON’s core group of banks.

In conjunction with the acquisition of innogy SE, on April 6, 2018,
E.ON originally secured a €5 billion acquisition facility, but in

August 2018 partially cancelled the facility down to €1.75 billion.
This credit facility is undrawn and remains available to the Group.

Alongside financial liabilities, EON has, in the course of its busi-
ness operations, entered into contingencies and other financial
obligations. These include, in particular, guarantees, obligations
from legal disputes and damage claims, as well as current and
non-current contractual, legal, and other obligations. Notes 26,
27, and 31 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contain
more information about E.ON's bonds as wellas liabilities, con-
tingencies, and other commitments.

E.ON's creditworthiness has been assessed by Standard & Poor's
("S&P") and Moody's with long-term ratings of BBB and Baa2,
respectively. The outlook for both ratings is stable. In both cases
the ratings were based on the expectation that, over the near

to medium term, E.ON will be able to maintain a debt ratio com-
mensurate with these ratings. S&P’s and Moody's short-term
ratings are unchanged at A-2 and P-2, respectively.

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028+
E.ON SE Ratings
Longterm Short term Outlook
Moody's Baa2 P-2 Stable
Standard & Poor's BBB A2 Stable

E.ON will continue to take into account the trust of rating agen-
cies, investors, and banks by means of a clear strategy and trans-
parent communications and therefore holds events that include
an annual informational meeting for its core group of banks.

Investments

In 2019 investments in our core business and in the E.ON Group
as a whole were significantly above the prior-year level. E.ON
invested about €3.8 billion in property, plant, and equipment
and intangible assets (prior year: €3 billion). Share investments
totaled €1.7 billion versus €0.5 billion in the prior year.

Investments

€ in millions 2019 2018 +/-%
Energy Networks 1,655 1,597 +4
Customer Solutions 724 637 +14
innogy 878 - -
Renewables 722 1,037 -30
Corporate Functions/Other 1,305 86 -
Consolidation 1 -3 -
Investments in core business 5,285, 3,354 +58
Non-Core Business 207 169 +23
E.ON Group investments 5,492 3,523 +56



--- Page 21 ---

Business Report

Energy Networks’ investments were €58 million above the prior-
year level. Investments in Germany rose primarily because of
new connections as well as replacements and upgrades. IT
investments in Sweden were lower than in 2018. Investments
in East-Central Europe/Turkey were lower than in 2018, in
particular because of the reassignment of investment projects
in the Czech Republic between Customer Solutions and Energy
Networks relative to the prior year.

Customer Solutions invested €87 million more than in the
prior year. The increase resulted in part from the acquisition of
Coromatic in Sweden. The aforementioned reassignment of
investment projects in the Czech Republic was an additional
reason for the increase in investments relative to the prior year.
By contrast, investments in the United Kingdom declined, pri-
marily because of lower investments in smart meters.

The innogy segment's investments totaled €878 million from
September 18 to December 31, 2019. The biggest share of these
funds went toward the expansion and upgrade of network
infrastructure in Germany. Alongside maintenance, the focus
was on the connection of distributed generating facilities and
network expansion in conjunction with the energy transition.

Investments at Renewables were €442 million below the prior-
year figure. The reason is the departure of those of this segment's
businesses that were transferred effective September 18, 2019,
as part of the transaction with RWE.

Corporate Functions/Other's investment rose significantly, in
particular because of the innogy transaction. The 2019 figure
primarily reflects expenditures for the completion of the public
takeover offer and the acquisition of innogy stock on-market.

Investments at Non-Core Business were €38 million above the
prior-year level. The 2019 figure consists in particular of expen-
ditures by PreussenElektra in conjunction with the innogy trans-
action and the acquisition of residual power output rights. The
prior-year figure primarily reflects a capital increase at Enerjisa

Uretim in Turkey, which is accounted for using the equity method.

32

Cash Flow

Cash provided by operating activities of continuing and discon-
tinued operations before interest and taxes of €4.4 billion was
€0.3 billion above the prior-year figure. Negative working capital
the 2019 financial year was more than offset by the inclusion of
innogy for the first time. By contrast, cash provided by operating
activities of continuing and discontinued operations was only
slightly below the prior-year figure due to higher interest and
tax payments.

Cash provided by investing activities of continuing and discon-
tinued operations totaled -€5.8 billion versus +€1 billion in the
prior year. The sale of the remaining stake in Uniper SE in the
prior year was the main reason, accounting for €3.8 billion of
the change. In particular, the acquisition of innogy stock reduced
cash provided by investing activities in 2019. The purchase and
sale of securities and the change in financial receivables and
restricted funds resulted in net cash outflow of €0.6 billion in the
2019 financial year compared with net cash inflow of €0.2 billion
in the prior year.

Cash Flow?

€in millions 2019 2018
Operating cash flow 2,965 2,853
Operating cash flow before interest and taxes? 4,407 4,087
Cash provided by (used for) investing

activities -5,820 1,011
Cash provided by (used for) financing

activities 792 -2,637

From continuing and discontinued operations.
2Excludes the innogy business in the Czech Republic reclassified pursuant to IFRS 5.

Cash provided by financing activities of continuing and discon-
tinued operations of +€0.8 billion was €3.4 billion above the prior-
year figure of -€2.6 billion. This primarily reflects the repayment
of bonds in 2018 and the issuance of bonds in 2019. The increase
in the dividend payout from €0.9 billion in 2018 to €1.1 billion
in 2019 was a countervailing factor.


--- Page 22 ---

Asset Situation

E.ON's asset situation in particular reflects the takeover of innogy
operations. Total assets and liabilities of roughly €98.6 billion
were €44.2 billion, or 81 percent, above the figure from year-end
2018. Non-current assets of €76.4 billion were €45.6 billion
higher than at year-end 2018. The takeover led mainly to an
increase in property, plant, and equipment in the amount of
€17.8 billion. In addition, E.ON recorded preliminary goodwill of
€15.5 billion in conjunction with the innogy takeover.

Current assets declined by €1.3 billion, or 6 percent, from
€23.4 billion to around €22.1 billion. This principally reflects the
departure of the Renewables segment from assets held for sale,
which reduced current assets by €11.3 billion. A €8.9 billion
increase in operating receivables and other operating assets
had a countervailing effect. This figure includes €6.6 billion in
operating receivables and other operating assets taken over
from innogy.

E.ON's equity ratio (including non-controlling interests) at year-
end 2019 was 13 percent, which is 3 percentage points lower
than at year-end 2018.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

33

A capital increase of subscribed capital was conducted in
September 2019. Under preponderant utilization of authorized
capital, E.ON increased its share capital from €2,201,099,000

to €2,641,318,800 through the issuance of 440,219,800 new
registered no-par-value shares against contributions in kind. The
€3.5 billion change in capital reserves results from the valuation
in connection with the capital increase against contributions in
kind of innogy SE stock received in excess of the nominal value of
the new E.ON SE stock that was issued (€440,219,800). Equity
attributable to E.ON SE shareholders was €9.1 billion at year-end
2019. Equity attributable to non-controlling interests amounted
to €4 billion.

Non-current debt almost doubled relative to year-end 2019.
As on the asset side, the increase reflects the inclusion of innogy
operations. In particular, bonds rose by €17.1 billion, of which
about €14.3 billion is attributable to innogy. In addition, the initial
consolidation of innogy companies and the reduction in actuarial
interest rates let to an increase in provisions for pensions.

Current debt of €26 billion was 70 percent above the figure at
year-end 2018. As part of the transaction, E.ON took on innogy
debt in the amount of €14.5 billion. This increase was partially
offset by the deconsolidation of the Renewables segment's debt
of €2.7 billion that had previously been reclassified pursuant
to IFRS 5.

Consolidated Assets, Liabilities, and Equity
Dec. 31, Dec. 31,
€ in millions 2019 % 2018 %
Non-current assets 76,444 78 30,883 57
Current assets 22,122 22 23,441 43
Total assets 98,566 100 54,324 100
Equity 13,085 13 8,518 16
Non-current liabilities 59,464 60 30,545 56
Current liabilities 26,017 27 15,261 28
98,566 100 54,324 100

Additional information about E.ON's asset situation is contained
in Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


--- Page 23 ---

Business Report

E.ON SE's Earnings, Financial, and Asset
Situation

E.ON SE prepares its Financial Statements in accordance with
the German Commercial Code, the SE Ordinance (in conjunction
with the German Stock Corporation Act), and the Electricity and
Gas Supply Act (Energy Industry Act).

Balance Sheet of E.ON SE (Summary)

December 31,
€ in millions 2019 2018
Intangible assets and property, plant, and

equipment 10 10
Financial assets 45,067 33,241
Non-current assets 45,077 33,251
Receivables from affiliated companies 5,934 7472
Other receivables and assets 1,522 1,932
Liquid funds 1,460 3,041
Current assets 8,916 12,445
Accrued expenses 35 28
Asset surplus after offsetting of benefit

obligations 3 -
Total assets 54,031 45,724
Equity 9,728 9,432
Provisions 1,061 1,480
Bonds 6,000 2,000
Liabilities to affiliated companies 31,040 32,456
Other liabilities 6,195 354
Deferred income 7 2
Total equity and liabilities 54,031 45,724

34

Following the clearance issued by the European Commission and

the relevant antitrust agencies on September 18, 2019, E.ON's

earnings, financial, and asset situation in the 2019 financial year
was influenced primarily by the agreement reached between E.ON
and RWE on March 12, 2018, to transfer business operations.

The change in financial assets mainly reflects the addition of the
76.8-percent majority stake in innogy SE and its contribution to
a subsidiary. The repayment of the procurement costs and the
portion of the distribution of net income from E.ON Beteiligungen
GmbH that was not recorded in earnings were countervailing
factors.

The change in equity results mainly from the capital increase
executed in the financial year. Net income in 2019 was lower
than in the prior year.

Other liabilities consist primarily of the obligation to RWE relating
to the future transfer of innogy's entire renewables business,
its entire gas-storage business, and its 37.9-percent stake in
Austrian energy utility KELAG.

The issuance of bonds with a total nominal value of €4,000 million
and the €1,581 million reduction in liquid funds were the main
items affecting the Company's financial situation.

Information on treasury shares can be found in Note 19 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.


--- Page 24 ---

Income Statement of E.ON SE (Summary)

€ in millions 2019 2018
Income from equity interests 1,620 1171
Interest income/loss -127 -140
Other expenditures and income -763 -225
Taxes 59 247
Net income 789 1,053
Profit carryforward from the prior year 121 -
Net income transferred to retained earnings 300 -
Net income available for distribution 1,210 1,053

E.ON SE is the parent company of the E.ON Group. As such, its
earnings situation is affected by income from equity interests.
The increase in income from equity interests reflects, in particular,
the in-phase distribution of net income from E.ON Beteiligungen
GmbH, of which €664 million was recorded in earnings, and
profit transfers of €979 million from E.ON Beteiligungen GmbH
and of €210 million from E.ON Energie AG. Income from equity
interests was adversely affected primarily by expenditures from
loss transfers of €241 million.

The change in the negative figure recorded under other expendi-
tures and income results predominantly from the transfer of
E.ON's renewables business and two minority stakes in nuclear
power stations to RWE. In addition, this figure contains personnel
expenditures of €183 million, expenditures of €160 million for
consulting and auditing services, and expenditures of €156 million
for third-party services. The prior-year figure benefited from
income of €271 million from a necessary adjustment for certain
environmental remediation obligations of predecessor entities.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

35

In the year under review, on balance the Company's income taxes
yielded tax income of €59 million, which encompasses the year
under review as well as prior years. Applying the minimum tax
rate resulted in corporate taxes of €69 million, a solidarity sur-
charge of €4 million, and trade taxes of €33 million in 2019. For
previous years the Company recorded tax income of €165 million.

At the Annual Shareholders Meeting in 2020, management will
propose that net income available for distribution be used to pay
a dividend of €0.46 per ordinary share and the remaining amount
of €10 million to be brought forward as retained earnings.
Management's proposal for the use of net income available for
distribution is based on the number of ordinary shares on
March 23, 2020, the date the Financial Statements of E.ON SE
were prepared.

Pending the Supervisory Board's approval, the EON SE Manage-
ment Board has decided on a dividend policy that foresees annual
growth in the dividend per share of up to 5 percent through the
dividend for the 2022 financial year. E.ON will aim for an annual
increase in dividend per share after this as well.

The complete Financial Statements of E.ON SE, with an unquali-
fied opinion issued by the auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers
GmbH, Wirtschaftspriifungsgesellschaft, Diisseldorf, will be
announced in the Bundesanzeiger. Copies are available on request
from E.ON SE and at www.eon.com.


--- Page 25 ---

Business Report

Other Financial and Non-Financial Performance
Indicators

Analyzing Value Creation

ROCE is a pretax total return on capital and is defined as the
ratio of adjusted EBIT to annual average capital employed. In
the 2020 financial year, ROCE is no longer one of E.ON’s most
important key performance indicators (see pages 17 and 18).

Annual average capital employed represents the interest-bearing
capital invested in E.ON's operating business. It is calculated

by subtracting non-interest-bearing available capital from non-
current and current operating assets. Depreciable non-current
assets are included at their book value. Goodwill from acquisitions
is included at acquisition cost, as long as this reflects its fair
value. In order to better depict intraperiod fluctuations in average
capital employed, annual average capital employed is calculated
as the arithmetic average of the amounts at the beginning of the
year and the end of the year.

Changes to E.ON's portfolio during the course of the year are
factored into average capital employed. Consequently, the innogy
Group's assets and debt relevant for capital employed were

36

included effective the end of September 2019. The components

of capital employed attributable to the discontinued operations
at Renewables transferred to RWE were included until the end of
September 2019 (footnote 4 of the ROCE table below contains
more information).

Annual average capital employed does not include the marking
to market of other share investments and derivatives. The
purpose of excluding these items is to provide us with a more
consistent picture of E.ON's ROCE performance.

ROCE Performance in 2019

ROCE decreased from 10.4 percent in 2018 to 8.4 percent in
2019 owing mainly to the increase in capital employed. The
primary reasons are the inclusion of the innogy Group's assets
(including preliminary goodwill from the purchase-price alloca-
tion) and debt for the first time and the inclusion of right-of-use
assets from the start of 2019 due to the initial application of
IFRS 16 Leases.

The table below shows the E.ON Group's ROCE and its derivation.

ROCE

€ in millions 2019 2018
Property, plant, and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets, and goodwill” 60,590 30,915
Shares in affiliated and associated companies and other share investments 6,962 4,263
Non-current assets 67,552 35,178
Inventories 1,252 710
Other non-interest-bearing assets/liabilities, including deferred income and deferred tax assets? -2,455 -4,862
Current assets -1,203 -4,152
Non-interest-bearing provisions? -3,557 -1,655
Capital employed in continuing and discontinued operations‘ 62,792 29,371
Annual average capital employed in continuing and discontinued operations* 38,726 28,811
Adjusted EBIT® 3,235 2,989
ROCE® 8.4% 10.4%

AIncludes preliminary goodwill from the innogy purchase-price allocation.

2Examples of other non-interest-bearing assets/liabilities include income tax receivables and liabilities.

®Non-interest-bearing provisions include current provisions, such as those relating to sales and procurement market obligations. In particular, they do not include provisions for pensions or

nuclear-waste management.

“Asa rule, weighted capital employed is the arithmetical average of capital employed at the beginning and the end of the year. To adequately portray the innogy takeover in September 2019, capital
employed in 2019 was weighted on the basis of a number of month-end figures. This calculation reflected the following parameters:
a) Capital employed of continuing operations at December 31, 2018: €29.4 billion (includes the discontinued operations at Renewables).
) Capital employed of continuing operations at June 30, 2019, projected to September 30, 2019, on the basis of net investments and depreciation charges: €32.4 billion (includes the discontinued

operations at Renewables)

©) Capital employed of continuing operations at September 30, 2019: €61.7 billion (includes innogy and excludes the discontinued operations at Renewables)
¢) Capital employed of continuing operations at December 31, 2019: €62.8 billion (includes innogy and excludes the businesses transferred to RWE)..

75 percent of the average of parameters a) and b) is factored into average capital employed, as is 25 percent of the mean of parameters c) and d).
Adjusted for non-operating effects; for purposes of internal management control, adjusted EBIT includes the adjusted EBIT from the operations at Renewables classified as discontinued operations

and deconsolidated in September 2019.
“ROCE = adjusted EBIT divided by average capital employed.


--- Page 26 ---

Employees

People Strategy

The year 2019 was characterized predominantly by the prepa-
rations for innogy’s full integration into the E.ON Group. Accom-
plishing the integration of innogy's roughly 36,500 employees is
of decisive importance for the transaction’s success. Consequently,
HR integration was one of the E.ON HR division's most import-
ant topics in 2019.

In 2019 we also focused our people strategy on supporting and
shaping digital change. Our focus areas are digital culture and
leadership, capabilities of the future, adaptation of HR processes
and products, and employee development. We intend to work with
our business units to shape the digital transformation through
a number of Group-wide and unit-level projects.

In addition, we updated grow@E.ON, our Group-wide compe-
tency model for the professional and personal development of our
employees and leaders, and E.ON's employee value proposition.
We also adjusted them to reflect the changes brought about by
the integration of innogy.

Diversity

Going forward, diversity will remain a key element of E.ON's
competitiveness. Diversity and an appreciative corporate culture
promote creativity and innovation. This is a central aspect of
the E.ON vision as well. E.ON brings together a diverse team of
people who differ by nationality, age, gender, religion, sexual
orientation and identity, and/or cultural and social background.
We foster and utilize diversity in specific ways and create an
inclusive work environment. This is important for our success.
Studies show that heterogeneous teams outperform homoge-
nous ones. Diversity is equally crucial in view of demographic
trends. Going forward, only those companies that embrace
diversity will be able to remain attractive employers and be less
affected by the shortage of skilled workers. In addition, a diverse
workforce enables us to do an even better job of meeting our
customers’ specific needs and requirements. As far back as 2006
we issued a Group Policy on Equal Opportunity and Diversity.

In late 2016 E.ON along with the SE Works Council of E.ON SE
renewed this commitment to diversity.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

37

In April 2018 the EON Management Board, the German Group
Works Council, and the Group representation for severely dis-
abled persons signed the Shared Understanding of Implementing
Inclusion at E.ON, creating a strong foundation for integrating
people with disabilities into our organization.

In 2008 E.ON publicly affirmed its commitment to fairness and
respect by signing the German Diversity Charter, which now
has about 2,700 signatories. E.ON therefore belongs to a large
network of companies committed to diversity, tolerance, fairness,
and respect.

Our approach to promoting diversity is holistic, encompassing
all dimensions of diversity. It ensures equal opportunity for all
employees and fosters and harnesses diversity in an individual
way.

In 2019 we again implemented numerous measures to promote
diversity at E.ON. An important purpose of these measures is to
foster the career development of female managers. We set new,
ambitious targets to increase the proportion of women in manage-
ment positions. At the end of the appointment process that was
part of the integration of innogy, we increased the proportion

of women in management roles that report directly to the E.ON
Management Board to 24 percent. By year-end 2026, we want
the proportion of women in management positions to be the
same—32 percent—as the proportion of women in our overall
workforce was at year-end 2018. After the integration of innogy
is completed, the specific targets for each unit will be reviewed
and, if necessary, adjusted.

Our units have had support mechanisms for female managers
in place for a number of years. These mechanisms include mento-
ring programs for female next-generation managers, coaching,
training to prevent unconscious bias, the provision of daycare,
and flexible work schedules. Increasing the percentage of women
in our internal talent pool is a further prerequisite for raising,
over the long term, their percentage in management and top
executive positions.

More information about E.ON's compliance with Germany's Law
for the Equal Participation of Women and Men in Leadership
Positions in the Private Sector and the Public Sector can be found
in the Corporate Governance Declaration.


--- Page 27 ---

Business Report

Workforce Figures

At year-end 2019 the E.ON Group had 78,948 employees world-
wide, substantially more (+82 percent) than at year-end 2018.
E.ON also had 2,563 apprentices and 238 board members and
managing directors worldwide.

Employees?
December 31

Headcount 2019 2018 +1-%
Energy Networks 20,438 17,896 +14
Customer Solutions 17,669 19,692 -10
innogy 36,537 - -
Renewables 12 1,374 -99
Corporate Functions/Other? 2,414 2,447 -1
Core business 77,070 41,409 +86
Non-Core Business 1,878 1,893 -1
E.ON Group 78,948 43,302 +82

{Does not include board members, managing directors, or apprentices.
2Includes E.ON Business Services.

The main reason for the substantial increase in our headcount in
the year under review was the takeover of innogy.

38

Energy Networks’ headcount increased significantly relative

to year-end 2018. This was mainly attributable to the reassign-
ment of employees (primarily in the Czech Republic and Romania)
from Customer Solutions to this segment. The filling of vacan-
cies to expand the business (in Germany, predominantly with
apprentices who had successfully completed their training) was
another factor.

The decline in the number of employees at Customer Solutions
mainly reflects the aforementioned reassignment of employees to
Energy Networks. Headcount was also reduced by restructuring
projects. The acquisition of Coromatic in Sweden had a counter-
vailing effect.

In conjunction with the innogy takeover, nearly all of Renewables’
employees were transferred to RWE.

Geographic Profile

At year-end 2019, 40,612 employees, or 51 percent of all
employees, were working outside Germany, significantly fewer
than the 63 percent at year-end 2018.

Employees by Country?
Headcount FTES
Dec. 31, Dec. 31, Dec. 31, Dec. 31,
2019 2018 2019 2018
Germany 38,336 15,903 36,510 15,400
United Kingdom 14,368 9,502 13,737 9,077
Hungary 8,129 5,244 8,104 5,234
Romania 6,579 6,427 6,410 6,363
Czech Republic 2,930 2,771 2,913 2,758
Netherlands 2,888 - 2,628 -
Sweden 2,286 2,058 2,263 2,027
Poland 2,018 209 2,003 208
Other? 1,414 1,188 1,385 1,174
Total 78,948 43,302 75,953 42,241

Figures do not include board members, managing directors, or apprentices.
2Includes Italy, USA, Denmark, and other countries.
Full-time equivalent.


--- Page 28 ---

Gender and Age Profile, Part-Time Staff
At the end of 2019, 33 percent of our employees were women,
slightly higher than at the end of 2018 (32 percent).

Proportion of Female Employees

Percentages 2019 2018

Energy Networks 21 21
Customer Solutions 44 43
innogy 34 -
Renewables 31 20
Corporate Functions/Other* 47 49
Core business 33 32
Non-Core Business 13 13
E.ON Group 33 32

Includes E.0N Business Services.

At year-end 2019 the average E.ON Group employee was about
42 years old and had worked for us for 14 years.

Apprentices in Germany

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

39

Employees by Age

Percentages at year-end 2019 2018
30 and younger 20 19
31 to 50 50 53
51 and older 30 28

A total of 8,520 employees, or 10 percent of all E.ON Group
employees, were on a part-time schedule (prior year: 8 percent).
Of these, 6,520, or 77 percent, were women.

The turnover rate resulting from voluntary terminations averaged
4.6 percent across the organization, slightly lower than in the
prior year (4.8 percent).

Apprenticeships

E.ON continues to place great emphasis on vocational training
for young people. The E.ON Group had 2,456 apprentices and
work-study students in Germany at year-end 2019. This repre-
sented 6 percent of E.ON's total workforce in Germany, higher
than at the end of the prior year (5.4 percent).

E.ON provides vocational training in more than 65 careers and
also offers work-study programs in order to meet its own needs
for skilled workers and to take targeted action to address the
consequences of demographic change. In addition, E.ON offers
young people the opportunity to receive training to qualify for
an apprenticeship.

Headcount Percentage of workforce
Atyear-end 2019 2018 2019 2018
Energy Networks 804 818 8.0 84
Customer Solutions 20 24 0.7 0.9
innogy 1,573 - 66 -
Renewables - - - -
Corporate Functions/Other 19 14 0.9 07
Core business 2,416 856 6.2 5.8
Non-Core Business 40 43 24 2.2
E.ON Group 2,456 899 6.0 5.4



--- Page 29 ---

Forecast Report

Forecast Report
Business Environment

Macroeconomic Situation

Current economic and financial policy developments point to a
prolonged period of subdued global growth. Due to the ongoing
political uncertainty and the resulting downside risks, the global
economic downturn will continue. The forecast for global GDP
growth for 2020-2021 is again below 3 percent. Substantial
uncertainty about the nature of future trade relations between
the EU and the United Kingdom, the continued risk of a further
escalation of bilateral trade tensions between the United States
and China, and tensions in Iran are sources of considerable con-
cern. GDP growth in the euro zone will stagnate, whereas growth
in the United States, China, and Japan will actually slow down.
The OECD forecasts a slight acceleration in GDP growth only for
India and Brazil.

Anticipated Earnings Situation

Forecast Earnings Performance

In line with our corporate strategy as well as the macroeconomic
and industry-specific environment, we continue to address the
challenges in our operating business. We invest systematically
in our energy networks, focusing in particular on innovative
digital solutions at all of our network companies. As for customer
solutions, we want to become even more cost-efficient and
expand our market share.

In 2019 we successfully closed the innogy takeover. Our forecast
for the E.ON Group and its segments therefore includes the
innogy businesses that E.ON took over as part of a far-reaching
transfer of business operations with RWE. From January 1, 2020,
onward, innogy's operations will no longer be managed and
disclosed as a separate segment but rather integrated into Energy
Networks, Customer Solutions, and Corporate Functions/Other.
innogy’s network businesses will be assigned to Energy Networks.
Its power and gas sales along with new customer solutions (such
as eMobility services) will be reported at Customer Solutions.
Corporate Functions/Other includes innogy’s holding functions
and internal services. After substantially all of the Renewables
segment was transferred to RWE, its remaining businesses will
be reported at Energy Networks in Germany, Customer Solutions
in the United Kingdom, and Corporate Functions/Other.

40

Against this backdrop, we expect the E.ON Group's 2020
adjusted EBIT to be between €3.9 and €4.1 billion and its 2020
adjusted net income to be between €1.7 and €1.9 billion, or
€0.65 to €0.73 per share (based on an average of 2,607 million
shares outstanding). In addition, we expect the E.ON Group to
achieve a cash-conversion rate of roughly 95 percent on average
for the 2020 to 2022 financial years (without factoring in the
expenditures for the decommissioning of nuclear power stations).

Our forecast by segment:

Adjusted EBIT?

€in billions 2020 (forecast)
Energy Networks 3.3t03.5
Customer Solutions 0.5 to 0.7
Corporate Functions/Other roughly -0.4
Non-Core Business 0.3 to 0.5
E.ON Group 3.9to4.1

1Adjusted for non-operating effects.

We expect Energy Networks’ 2020 adjusted EBIT to be signifi-
cantly higher than in the prior year due to the takeover of innogy’s
network business in Germany, Poland, Hungary, and Croatia.
The network business in Germany will continue to benefit from
investments in its regulated asset base. The new regulatory
period in Sweden will have an adverse impact on earnings.

We anticipate that Customer Solutions’ adjusted EBIT will be
significantly above the prior-year level. The inclusion, for the
first time, of innogy's customer solutions business—which has
operations primarily in Germany, the United Kingdom, the
Netherlands, Belgium, Hungary, and Poland—for the entire year
will have a positive impact on earnings. The interventions of
the U.K. Competition and Markets Authority will continue to
have a negative effect on earnings.

Substantially all of the Renewables segment was transferred to
RWE in September 2019. As described, its remaining activities

will be assigned to other segments from January 1, 2020, onward.
There is therefore no forecast for 2020.


--- Page 30 ---

We anticipate that adjusted EBIT at Corporate Functions/Other
will be significantly below the prior-year figure, primarily because
of the inclusion of innogy’s corporate functions. By contrast, cost

savings and synergy effects from combining E.ON and innogy’s
corporate functions will have a positive impact.

We expect Non-Core Business's adjusted EBIT to be slightly
above the prior-year level. We expect PreussenElektra's earnings
to reflect, in particular, rising sales prices that will be partially
counteracted by expenditures for residual power output rights.

Anticipated Financial Situation

Planned Funding Measures

In addition to planned investments for 2020 and the dividend
for 2019, in 2020 E.ON will make payments for bonds that
have matured. We also expect to have increased funding needs
due to the innogy acquisition. Over the course of the year, these
payments will be funded with available liquid funds and debt.

Dividend

Pending the Supervisory Board's approval, the EON SE Manage-
ment Board has decided on a dividend policy that foresees annual
growth in the dividend per share of up to 5 percent through the
dividend for the 2022 financial year. E.ON will aim for an annual
increase in dividend per share after this as well.

Planned Investments

We plan to make cash-effective investments of €4.5 billion in
2020. E.ON will continue its strategy aimed at delivering sus-
tainable growth. Our capital allocation will of course continue
to be selective and disciplined.

Cash-Effective Investments: 2020 Plan

€inbillions Percentages
Energy Networks 3.2 71
Customer Solutions 0.9 21
Corporate Functions/Other 0.2 3
Non-Core Business 0.2 5
Total 45 100

Energy Networks’ investments will consist in particular of
numerous individual investments to expand our networks,
switching equipment, and metering and control technology
as well as other investments to continue to ensure the reliable
and uninterrupted transmission and distribution of electricity.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

41

Investments at Customer Solutions will go toward IT, metering
and upgrade projects, and integrated energy solutions. We will
also invest in our heat business in Sweden, Germany, and the
United Kingdom and in solutions for industrial and commercial
customers.

Non-Core Business's investments will include investments
to acquire residual power output rights. Those at Corporate
Functions/Other will encompass investments in Group-wide
IT infrastructure.

General Statement of E.ON's Future
Development

The E.ON Group's new setup, which now includes innogy, will be
a dominant feature of the 2020 financial year. The integration
of the enlarged E.ON Group is of particular importance. It is the
prerequisite for developing the business, creating growth, and
leveraging the promised synergies. E.ON will of course duly
respect the interests of innogy’s remaining minority shareholders.

In addition, there is the matter of restructuring and successfully
returning the loss-making U.K. sales business to profitability.
Further developing E.ON's IT and digital agenda for efficient and
technologically advanced support systems is another task.
Furthermore, there is the need for concessions in the network
business in Germany to be renewed. The daily work to achieve
these objectives and accomplish these tasks will take place
amid a challenging business environment characterized by low
interest rates, asset sales resulting from the antitrust clearance,
and keen competition for networks and customers.

There is currently a high degree of uncertainty regarding the
global spread of the coronavirus and the resulting economic
repercussions. At present time, this does yet not permit a suffi-
ciently precise estimate of the impact on the forecast for the
Company's business development in 2020. That said, the E.ON
Group anticipates for 2020 that the coronavirus will have financial
impact in all markets in which E.ON is active with correspond-
ingly significant impact on E.ON's key performance indicators.
Current analyses of individual markets of the Energy Networks
and Customer Solutions segments indicate that volume effects
from the demand for electricity and gas will be a critical driver
(volume risks). The Customer Solutions segment in particular
could also face other market price risks that, driven by volume
risks, could possibly impact the procurement of electricity and
gas. Furthermore, in a prolonged crisis a reduction in the credit-
worthiness of customers and business partners could also
become a risk in both segments. The short- and long-term
effects on adjusted EBIT and other key performance indicators
resulting from the spread of the coronavirus cannot currently
be estimated and are therefore not included in the forecast.


--- Page 31 ---

Risk and Chances Report

Risk and Chances Report

Enterprise Risk Management System in the
Narrow Sense

Objective

Our Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") provides the man-
agement of all units as well as the E.ON Group with a fair and
realistic view of the risks and chances resulting from their
planned business activities. It provides:

¢ meaningful information about risks and chances to the
business, thereby enabling the business to derive individual
risks/chances as well as aggregate risk profiles within the
time horizon of the medium-term plan (three years)

* transparency on risk exposures in compliance with legal
requirements including KonTraG, BilMoG, and BilReG.

42

Govern
and
Consolidate

Identify,
Evaluate

and
Manage

Our ERM is based on a centralized governance approach which
defines standardized processes and tools covering the identifi-
cation, evaluation, countermeasures, monitoring, and reporting
of risks and chances. Overall governance is provided by Group
Risk Management on behalf of the E.ON SE Risk Committee.

Allrisks and chances have an accountable member of the Man-
agement Board, have a designated risk owner who remains
operationally responsible for managing that risk/chance, and
are identified in a dedicated bottom-up process.


--- Page 32 ---

Scope

Our risk management system in the broader sense has a total of
four components:

* aninternal monitoring system

* amanagement information system

* preventive measures

¢ the ERM, which is a risk management system in the narrow
sense.

The purpose of the internal monitoring system is to ensure the
proper functioning of business processes. It consists of organi-
zational preventive measures (such as policies and work
instructions) and internal controls and audits (particularly by
Internal Audit).

The E.ON internal management information system identifies
risks early so that steps can be taken to actively address them.
Reporting by the Controlling, Finance, and Accounting depart-
ments as well as Internal Audit reports are of particular impor-
tance in early risk detection.

ks

General Measures to Limit
We take the following general preventive measures to limit risks.

Managing Legal and Regulatory Risks

We engage in intensive and constructive dialog with govern-
ment agencies and policymakers in order to manage the risks
resulting from the E.ON Group's policy, legal, and regulatory
environment. Furthermore, we strive to conduct proper project
management so as to identify early and mii
attending our new-build projects.

We attempt to minimize the operational risks of legal proceedings
and ongoing planning processes by managing them appropriately
and by designing appropriate contracts beforehand.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

43

Managing Operational and IT Risks

To limit operational and IT risks, we continually improve our
network management and the optimal dispatch of our assets.
At the same time, we are implementing operational and infra-
structure improvements that will enhance the reliability of our
generation assets and distribution networks, even under extraor-
dinarily adverse conditions. In addition, we have factored the
operational and financial effects of environmental risks into our
emergency plan. They are part of a catalog of crisis and system-
failure scenarios prepared for the Group by our Incident and
Crisis Management team.

Our IT systems are maintained and optimized by qualified EON
Group experts, outside experts, and a wide range of technologi-
cal security measures. In addition, the E.ON Group has in place
a range of technological and organizational measures to counter
the risk of unauthorized access to data, the misuse of data, and
data loss.

Managing Health, Safety, and Environmental ("HSE"), Human
Resources ("HR"), and Other Risks

The following are among the comprehensive measures we take
to address such risks (also in conjunction with operational and
IT risks):

* systematic employee training, advanced training, and quali-
fication programs for our employees

¢ further refinement of our production procedures, processes,
and technologies

¢ regular facility and network maintenance and inspection

* company guidelines as well as work and process instructions

¢ quality management, control, and assurance

* project, environmental, and deterioration management

¢ crisis-prevention measures and emergency planning.

Should an accident occur despite the measures we take, we
have a reasonable level of insurance coverage.


--- Page 33 ---

Risk and Chances Report

Managing Market Risks
We use a comprehensive sales-management system and inten-
sive customer management to manage margin risks.

In order to limit our exposure to commodity price risks, we con-
duct systematic risk management. The key elements of our risk
management are, in addition to binding Group-wide policies
and a Group-wide reporting system, the use of quantitative key
figures, the limitation of risks, and the strict separation of func-
tions between departments. Furthermore, we utilize derivative
financial instruments that are commonly used in the marketplace.
These instruments are transacted with financial institutions,
brokers, power exchanges, and third parties whose creditwor-
thiness we monitor on an ongoing basis. Our local sales units
and the remaining generation operations have set up local risk
management under central governance standards to monitor
these underlying commodity risks and to minimize them through
hedging.

Managing Strategic Risks

We have comprehensive preventive measures in place to manage
potential risks relating to acquisitions and investments. These
measures include, in addition to the relevant company guidelines
and manuals, comprehensive due diligence, legally binding con-
tracts, a multi-stage approvals process, and shareholding and
project controlling. Comprehensive post-acquisition projects also
contribute to successful integration.

Managing Finance and Treasury Risks

This category encompasses credit, interest-rate, currency, tax,
and asset-management risks and chances. We use systematic
risk management to monitor and control our interest-rate and
currency risks and manage these risks using derivative and non-
derivative financial instruments. Here, E.ON SE plays a central
role by aggregating risk positions through intragroup transactions
and hedging these risks in the market. Due to E.ON SE's inter-
mediary role, its risk position is largely closed.

We use a Group-wide credit risk management system to system-
atically assess and monitor the creditworthiness of our busi-
ness partners on the basis of Group-wide minimum standards.
We manage our credit risk by taking appropriate measures,
which include obtaining collateral and setting limits. The E.ON
Group's Risk Committee is regularly informed about all credit
risks. A further component of our risk management is a conser-
vative investment strategy for financial funds and a broadly
diversified portfolio.

a4,

Note 30 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contains
detailed information about the use of derivative financial instru-
ments and hedging transactions. Note 31 describes the general
principles of our risk management and applicable risk metrics
for quantifying risks relating to commodities, credit, liquidity,
interest rates, and currency translation.

Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM")

Our risk management system, which is the basis for the risks
and chances described in the next section, encompasses:

* systematic risk and chance identification
¢ risk and chance analysis and evaluation

* management and monitoring of risks and chances by
analyzing and evaluating countermeasures and preventive
systems

¢ documentation and reporting.

As required by law, our ERM's effectiveness is reviewed regularly
by Internal Audit. In compliance with the provisions of Section 91,
Paragraph 2, of the German Stock Corporation Act relating to
the establishment of a risk-monitoring and early warning system,
E.ON has a Risk Committee for the E.ON Group and for each of
its business units. The Risk Committee's mission is to achieve a
comprehensive view of our risk exposure at the Group and unit
level and to actively manage risk exposure in line with our risk
strategy.

Our ERM applies to all fully consolidated E.ON Group companies
and all companies valued at equity whose book value is greater
than €50 million. We take an inventory of our risks and chances
at each quarterly balance-sheet date.

To promote uniform financial reporting Group-wide, we have in
place a central, standardized system that enables effective and
automated risk reporting. Company data are systematically col-
lected, transparently processed, and made available for analysis
both centrally and decentrally at the units.


--- Page 34 ---

Risks and Chances
Methodology

Our IT-based system for reporting risks and chances has the
following risk categories:

Risk Category

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

45

Risk Category Examples

Legal and regulatory risks

Policy and legal risks and chances, regulatory risks, risks from public consent processes

Operational and IT risks

IT and process risks and chances, risks and chances relating to the operation of generation

assets, networks, and other facilities, new-build risks

HSE, HR, and other

Health, safety, and environmental risks and chances

Market risks

Risks and chances from the development of commodity prices and margins and from changes
in market liquidity

Strategic risks

Risks and chances from investments and disposals

Finance and treasury risks

E.ON uses a multistep process to identify, evaluate, simulate,
and classify risks and chances. Risks and chances are generally
reported on the basis of objective evaluations. If this is not
possible, we use internal estimates by experts. The evaluation
measures a risk/chance's financial impact on our current earnings
plan while factoring in risk-reducing countermeasures. The
evaluation therefore reflects the net risk.

For quantifiable risks and chances, we then evaluate the likeli-
hood of occurrence and the potential loss or damage. In the
commodity business, for example, commodity prices can rise
or fall. This type of risk is modeled with a normal distribution.
Modeling is supported by a Group-wide IT-based system.
Extremely unlikely events—those whose likelihood of occurrence
is 5 percent or less—are classified as tail events. Tail events are
not included in the simulation described below.

This statistical distribution makes it possible for our IT-based
risk management system to conduct a Monte Carlo simulation of
these risks/chances. This yields an aggregated risk distribution
that is quantified as the deviation from our current earnings
plan for adjusted EBIT.

Credit, interest-rate, foreign-currency, tax, and asset-management risks and chances

We use the 5th and 95th percentiles of this aggregated risk
distribution as the worst case and best case, respectively. Statis-
tically, this means that with this risk distribution there is a
90-percent likelihood that the deviation from our current earn-
ings plan for adjusted EBIT will remain within these extremes.

The last step is to assign, in accordance with the 5th and 95th
percentiles, the aggregated risk distribution to impact classes—
low, moderate, medium, major, and high—according to their
quantitative impact on adjusted EBIT. The impact classes are
shown in the table below.

Impact Classes

Low x < €10 million
Moderate €10 million < x < €50 million
Medium. €50 million < x < €200 million
Major €200 million < x < €1 billion
High x 2 €1 billion


--- Page 35 ---

Risk and Chances Report

General Risk Situation

The table below shows the average annual aggregated risk
position (aggregated risk distribution) across the time horizon of
the medium-term plan for all quantifiable risks and chances
(excluding tail events) for each risk category based on our most
important financial key performance indicator, adjusted EBIT.

46

Risk Category

Risk category Worst case (5th percentile) Best case (95th percentile)
Legal and regulatory risks Major Medium

Operational and IT risks Medium Low

HSE, HR, and other Low Low

Market risks Major Medium,

Strategic risks Medium Low

Finance and treasury risks Moderate Medium,

The E.ON Group has major risk positions in the following cate-
gories: legal and regulatory risks and market risks. As a result,
the aggregate risk position of E.ON SE as a Group is major. In
other words, the E.ON Group's average annual adjusted EBIT
risk ought not to exceed -€200 million to -€1 billion in 95 percent
of all cases.

At the time this report was prepared, potentially adverse business
effects of the outbreak of the coronavirus could not yet be suffi-
ciently estimated. The possible implications of this matter are
being analyzed on an ongoing basis. For more information, see
Forecast Report.

Risks and Chances by Segment

PreussenElektra

PreussenElektra's business is substantially influenced by regu-
lation. In general, regulation can result in risks for its remaining
operating and dismantling activities. One example is the
Fukushima nuclear accident. Policy measures taken in response
to such events could have a direct impact on the further opera-
tion of a nuclear power plant ("NPP") or trigger liabilities and
significant payment obligations stemming from the solidarity
obligation agreed on among German NPP operators. Further-
more, new regulatory requirements, such as additional manda-
tory safety measures or delays in dismantling, could lead to
production outages and higher costs. In addition, there may be
lawsuits that fundamentally challenge the operation of NPPs.
Regulation can also require an increase in provisions for disman-
tling. These factors could pose major risks for E.ON.

On December 6, 2016, Germany's Federal Constitutional Court
in Karlsruhe ruled that the thirteenth amended version of the
Atomic Energy Act (“the Act") is fundamentally constitutional.
The Act's only unconstitutional elements are that certain NPP
operators will be unable to produce their electricity allotment
from 2002 and that it contains no mechanism for compensating
operators for investments to extend NPP operating lifetimes.
Lawmakers established a compensation mechanism in the six-
teenth amended version of the Act. In addition, NPPs need to
acquire residual power output rights in order to operate until
their closure dates prescribed by law. These matters could yield
major chances and major risks.

Customer Solutions

The E.ON Group's operations subject it to certain risks relating to
legal proceedings, ongoing planning processes, and regulatory
changes. But these risks also relate, in particular, to legal actions
and proceedings concerning contract and price adjustments to
reflect market dislocations or (including as a consequence of the
energy transition) an altered business climate in the power and
gas business, alleged price-rigging, and anticompetitive practices.
This could pose a major risk.

Energy Networks

The operation of energy networks is subject to a large degree
of government regulation. New laws and regulatory periods
cause uncertainty for this business. In addition, matters related
to Germany's Renewable Energy Sources Act, such as issues
regarding solar energy, can cause temporary fluctuations in our
cash flow and adjusted EBIT. This could create major chances


--- Page 36 ---

as well as pose a major risk. The rapid growth of renewables is
also creating new risks for the network business. For example,
insolvencies among renewables operators or feed-in tariffs unduly
paid by grid operators lead to court or regulatory proceedings.

innogy

The risk situation for the 2019 financial year encompasses
innogy’s existing portfolio, which consists of the business oper-
ations of the network and sales businesses as well as corporate
functions and internal services. Thanks to a comprehensive
framework for risk management, innogy is able to identify risks
and opportunities at an early stage and act accordingly. Conse-
quently, this framework satisfies the requirements of the German
Law on Corporate Control and Transparency ("KontTraG’). Initially,
this framework will remain in place unchanged.

In its risk governance functions delegated by the Management
Board, the Controlling & Risk Department bears primary respon-
sible for the implementation, further development and coordi-
nation of the innogy Group's risk management framework and
strategy.

The innogy Group's risk situation depends to a considerable
degree on the economic and regulatory environment. Its sales
business, for example, faces the risk of additional interventionist
regulations and, like E.ON, a competitive environment that
remains very intense. For the period of the medium-term plan,
the network business is currently confronted with minimal reg-
ulatory risks compared with the prior year relating to regulatory
clarifications and to the disposal of innogy’s stakes in its gas
networks business in the Czech Republic and in Vychodoslovenska
energetika Holding a.s. ("VSEH") in Slovakia.

As with E.ON, innogy's business operations and use of financial
instruments expose it to credit risks. In addition, its historical
interrelationship with RWE continues to pose a major, albeit
unlikely risk.

Acomprehensive risk position drawn from innogy's individual
business units will be presented for subsequent financial years.

At the balance-sheet date, innogy's overall risk and chance
position was major.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

47

Risks and Chances by Category

E.ON's major risks and chances by risk category are described
below. Also described are major risks and chances stemming
from tail events as well as qualitative risks that would impact
adjusted EBIT by more than €200 million. Risks and chances
that would affect planned net income and/or cash flow by more
than €200 million are included as well.

Legal and Regulatory Risks

The political, legal, and regulatory environment in which the
E.ON Group does business is a source of risks, such as the
continued uncertainty that Brexit poses for the collaboration
between certain E.ON business units. This could confront E.ON
with direct and indirect consequences that could lead to possible
financial disadvantages. New risks—but also opportunities—arise
from energy-policy decisions at the European and national level.
Foremost among them are the European Commission's Green
Deal presented at the end of 2019 and the German federal
government's decision to phase out conventional, hard-coal- and
lignite-fired power generation (the planned Coal Phaseout Law).
The achievement of these objectives will require legal and regu-
latory implementation measures that themselves would pose new
risks for certain E.ON Group business operations.

In the wake of the economic and financial crisis in many EU mem-
ber states, interventionist policies and regulations have been
adopted in recent years, such as additional taxes and additional
reporting requirements (for example, EMIR, MAR, REMIT,
MiFID2). The relevant agencies monitor compliance with these
regulations closely. This leads to attendant risks for E.ON's
operations. The same applies to price moratoriums, regulated
price reductions, and changes to support schemes for renewables,
which could pose risks to, as well as create opportunities for,
E.ON's operations in the respective countries.

There may also be final risks from obligations arising from regu-
latory requirements following the Uniper split. This risk category
also includes major risks arising from possible litigation, fines,
and claims, governance- and compliance-related issues as well
as risks and chances related to contracts and permits. Changes
to this environment can lead to considerable uncertainty with
regard to planning and, under certain circumstances, to impair-
ment charges but can also create chances. This results in a major
risk position and a medium chance position.


--- Page 37 ---

Risk and Chances Report

Operational and IT Risks

The operational and strategic management of the E.ON Group
relies heavily on complex information technology. This includes
risks and chances arising from information security.

Technologically complex production facilities are used in the
production and distribution of energy, resulting in major risks
from procurement and logistics, construction, operations and
maintenance of assets as well as general project risks. In the case
of PreussenElektra, this also includes dismantling activities.
Our operations in and outside Germany face major risks of a
power failure, power-plant shutdown, and higher costs and
additional investments resulting from unanticipated operational
disruption or other problems. Operational failures or extended
production stoppages of facilities or components of facilities as
well as environmental damage could negatively impact our
earnings, affect our cost situation, and/or result in the imposition
of fines. In unlikely cases, this could lead to a high risk. Overall,
it results in a medium risk position and a low chance position in
this category. General project risks can include a delay in projects
and increased capital requirements.

We could also be subject to environmental liabilities associated
with our power generation operations that could materially
and adversely affect our business. In addition, new or amended
environmental laws and regulations may result in increases in
our costs.

HSE, HR, and Other Risks

Health and occupational safety are important aspects of our
day-to-day business. Our operating activities can therefore pose
risks in these areas and create social and environmental risks
and chances. In addition, our operating business potentially
faces risks resulting from human error and employee turnover.
It is important that we act responsibly along our entire value
chain and that we communicate consistently, enhance the dialog,
and maintain good relationships with our key stakeholders. E.ON
actively considers environmental, social, and corporate-gover-
nance issues. These efforts support our business decisions and
our public relations. Our objective is to minimize our reputational
risks and garner public support so that we can continue to
operate our business successfully. These matters do not result
in a major risk or chance position.

48

In the past, predecessor entities of EON SE conducted mining
operations, resulting in obligations in North Rhine-Westphalia
and Bavaria. E.ON SE can be held responsible for damage. This
could lead to major individual risks that we currently only evalu-
ate qualitatively.

Market Risk

Our units operate in an international market environment that
is characterized by general risks relating to the business cycle.
In addition, the entry of new suppliers into the marketplace
along with more aggressive tactics by existing market partici-
pants and reputational risks have created a keener competitive
environment for our electricity business in and outside Ger-
many, which could reduce our margins. However, market devel-
opments could also have a positive impact on our business.
Such factors include wholesale and retail price developments,
customer churn rates, and temporary volume effects in the net-
work business. This results in a major risk position and a
medium chance position in this category.

The demand for electric power and natural gas is seasonal, with
our operations generally experiencing higher demand during
the cold-weather months of October through March and lower
demand during the warm-weather months of April through
September. As a result of these seasonal patterns, our sales and
results of operations are higher in the first and fourth quarters
and lower in the second and third quarters. Sales and results of
operations for all of our energy operations can be negatively
affected by periods of unseasonably warm weather during the
autumn and winter months. We expect seasonal and weather-
related fluctuations in sales and results of operations to con-
tinue. Periods of exceptionally cold weather—very low average
temperatures or extreme daily lows—in the fall and winter
months can have a positive impact owing to higher demand for
electricity and natural gas.

E.ON's portfolio of physical assets, long-term contracts, and
end-customer sales is exposed to uncertainty resulting from
fluctuations in commodity prices. After the Uniper spinoff, E.ON
established its own procurement organization for its sales busi-
ness and ensured market access for the output of its remaining
energy production in order to manage the remaining commodity
risks accordingly.


--- Page 38 ---

Strategic Risks

Our business strategy involves acquisitions and investments in
our core business as well as disposals. This strategy depends in
part on our ability to successfully identify, acquire, and integrate
companies that enhance, on acceptable terms, our energy busi-
ness. In order to obtain the necessary approvals for acquisitions,
we may be required to divest other parts of our business or to
make concessions or undertakings that affect our business. In
addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve
the returns we expect from any acquisition or investment. It

is also possible that we will not be able to realize our strategic
ambition of enlarging our investment pipeline and that signifi-
cant amounts of capital could be used for other opportunities.
Furthermore, investments and acquisitions in new geographic
areas or lines of business require us to become familiar with new
sales markets and competitors and to address the attending
business risks.

In the case of planned disposals, E.ON faces the risk of dispos-
als not taking place or being delayed and the risk that E.ON
receives lower-than-anticipated disposal proceeds. In addition,
after transactions close we could face major liability risks
resulting from contractual obligations.

The overall risk and chance position in this category was not
major at the balance-sheet date.

Finance and Treasury Risks

E.ON is exposed to credit risk in its operating activities and
through the use of financial instruments. Credit risk results from
non-delivery or partial delivery by a counterparty of the agreed
consideration for services rendered, from total or partial failure
to make payments owed on existing accounts receivable, and
from replacement risks in open transactions. For example, E.ON's
historical connection with Uniper continues to pose a major, albeit
unlikely, risk. In addition, in unlikely cases joint and several lia-
bility for jointly operated power plants could lead to a major risk.

E.ON's international business operations expose it to risks from
currency fluctuation. One form of this risk is transaction risk,
which arises when payments are made in a currency other than
E.ON's functional currency. Another form of risk is translation
risk, which arises when currency fluctuations lead to accounting

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

49

effects when assets/liabilities and income/expenses of E.ON
companies outside the euro zone are translated into euros and
entered into our Consolidated Financial Statements. Positive
developments in foreign-currency rates can also create chances
for our operating business.

E.ON faces earnings risks from financial liabilities and interest-
rate derivatives that are based on variable interest rates and
from asset-retirement obligations.

In addition, the price changes and other uncertainty relating to
the current and non-current investments E.ON makes to cover
its non-current obligations (particularly pension and asset-
retirement obligations) could, in individual cases, be major.

Declining or rising discount rates could lead to increased or
reduced provisions for pensions and asset-retirement obliga-
tions, including non-current liabilities. This can create a high
risk for E.ON.

In principle, E.ON could also encounter tax risks and chances;
in one case, the chance could be high.

This category's overall risk and chance position is not major.

Management Board's Evaluation of the Risk
and Chances Situation

The overall risk and chances situation of the E.ON Group's oper-
ating business at year-end 2019 remained nearly unchanged
relative to year-end 2018. Although the average annual risk for
the E.ON Group's adjusted EBIT is classified as major and despite
the expansion of its risk and chance position through the innogy
transaction, from today’s perspective we do not perceive any
risk profile that could threaten the existence of the E.ON Group
or individual segments.


--- Page 39 ---

Business Segments

Business Segments
Energy Networks
Below we report on a number of important non-financial key

performance indicators for this segment, such as power and
gas passthrough, system length, and number of connections.

50

Energy Passthrough
East-Central Europe/

Germany Sweden Turkey Total
Billion kWh 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018
Fourth quarter
Power 26.9 27.8 98 10.1 9.9 10.0 46.6 47.9
Line loss, station use, etc. 1.0 11 0.3 0.3 07 0.6 2.0 2.0
Gas 28.1 26.7 - - 14.1 15.7 42.2 42.4
Fully
Power “a0a1 009 8557.88
Line loss, station use, etc. 3.8 3.8 11 11 2.6 26 75 75
Gas 89.6 89.4 - 15 44.2 44.5 133.8 135.4

Power and Gas Passthrough

In 2019 power and gas passthrough of the segment as a whole,
in Germany, and in East-Central Europe/Turkey was at the prior-
year level.

Power passthrough in Sweden was slightly below the prior-year
level owing to weather factors. There was no gas passthrough
because of the sale of the gas distribution network in April 2018.

System Length and Connections

E.ON's power system in Germany was about 351,000 kilometers
long, roughly the same as in 2018. As in the prior year, at year-
end it had about 5.8 million connection points for power. E.ON's
gas system was around 52,000 kilometers long and had

0.7 million connection points, essentially unchanged from 2018.

The length of E.ON's power system in Sweden was roughly
138,000 kilometers (prior year: 137,900 kilometers). The num-
ber of connection points in the power distribution system was
unchanged at 1 million. The gas distribution network was sold
in 2018.

System length in East-Central Europe/Turkey—about 232,000
kilometers for power and about 46,000 kilometers for gas—
was almost unchanged from the prior year, as were the roughly
4.8 million connection points for power and the roughly

1.3 million for gas.


--- Page 40 ---

Sales and Adjusted EBIT
Energy Networks’ 2019 sales were €101 million above the prior-
year figure. Adjusted EBIT rose by €44 million.

Sales in Germany of €6.3 billion were at the prior-year level.
Adjusted EBIT increased by €26 million to €921 million, primarily
because of the expansion of the regulated asset base. By con-
trast, the non-recurrence of positive one-off items recorded in
the prior year and a reduction in the allowed return on equity
coinciding with the beginning of the third regulatory period for
power led to a reduction in adjusted EBIT.

Sales in Sweden of €1 billion were slightly above the prior-year
level. Higher power network fees led to an increase in sales,
whereas the sale of the gas distribution business led to a decline.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

51

Currency-translation effects constituted another adverse factor.
Adjusted EBIT was higher, in particular because of an improved
gross margin in the power business. This was partially offset by
anumber of factors, including the aforementioned sale of the gas
distribution business and adverse currency-translation effects.

Sales in East-Central Europe/Turkey were at the prior-year level.
Adjusted EBIT declined by 5 percent year on year to €428 million.
The reasons include a narrower gross margin in the gas business
and higher costs in Romania. An example of the latter is the sales
tax instituted in 2019, which is ultimately refunded through
network fees but only after a delay.

Energy Networks
East-Central Europe/

Germany Sweden Turkey Total
€ in millions 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018
Fourth quarter
Sales 1,617 1,683 276 260 421 412 2,314 2,355
Adjusted EBITDA 414 306 183 172 153 154 750 632
Adjusted EBIT 228 140 145 135 90 97 463 372
Full year
Sales 6,263 6,243 1,024 989 1,583 1,537 8,870 8,769
Adjusted EBITDA 1,565 1,488 692 648 667 683 2,924 2,819
Adjusted EBIT 921 895 539 498 428 451 1,888 1,844


--- Page 41 ---

Business Segments 5 2

Customer Solutions

Below we report on a number of important non-financial key
performance indicators for this segment, such as power and
gas sales volume and customer numbers.

Power Sales*

Germany Sales United Kingdom Other? Total
Billion kWh 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018
Fourth quarter
Residential and SME 4.2 43 4.2 47 61 6.0 14.5 15.0
1&C 3.8 25 3.1 3.1 67 6.3 13.6 11.9
Sales partners - - - - 0.2 0.2 0.2 0.2
Customer groups 8.0 6.8 7.3 78 13.0 12.5 28.3 27.1
Wholesale market 3.0 3.5 0.2 0.2 21 2.6 5.3 6.3
Total
Full year
Residential and SME
1&C
Sales partners
Customer groups
Wholesale market 12.2 13.0 09 0.9 9.2 8.9 22.3 22.8
Total 41.0 38.1 28.4 32.3 59.2 57.7 128.6 128.1

!We harmonized E.ON and innogy's definitions of customer groups and adjusted the prior-year figures accordingly. Does not include innogy's power sales.
2Excludes E.0N Business Solutions.

Gas Sales*

Germany Sales United Kingdom Other? Total
Billion kWh 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018
Fourth quarter
Residential and SME 6.2 5.9 10.9 117 91 9.9 26.2 27.5
1&C 4.2 3.5 2.9 2.3 5.6 6.3 12.7 12.1
Sales partners - - - - 0.6 0.7 0.6 0.7
Customer groups 10.4 9.4 13.8 14.0 15.3 16.9 39.5 40.3
Wholesale market 48 12 - - 2.2 16 7.0 28
Total 15.2 10.6 13.8 14.0 17.5 18.5 46.5 43.1
Full year
Residential and SME 18.2 17.3 318 35.9 27.6 28.2 776 814
1&C 13.5 11.1 9.0 8.2 219 22.3 44.4 41.6
Sales partners - - - - 16 17 1.6 17
Customer groups 31.7 28.4 40.8 44.1 $11 52.2 123.6 124.7
Wholesale market 117 46 - - 5.0 5.8 16.7 10.4
Total 43.4 33.0 40.8 44.1 56.1 58.0 140.3 135.1

!We harmonized E.ON and innogy's definitions of customer groups and adjusted the prior-year figures accordingly. Does not include innogy's gas sales.
2Excludes E.0N Business Solutions.


--- Page 42 ---

Power and Gas Sales Volume
This segment's power and gas sales rose by 0.5 billion kWh
and 5.2 billion kWh, respectively.

E.ON's sales business in Germany increased its power sales by
8 percent to 41 billion kWh. Power sales to residential and small
and medium enterprise ("SME") customers were at the prior-
year level, whereas power sales to industrial and commercial
("l&C") customers were significantly higher thanks to successful
customer acquisition. Power sales to the wholesale market
declined owing to lower sales volume on already-contracted
deliveries to some Uniper wholesale customers relative to 2018.
Gas sales of 43.4 billion kWh were significantly (32 percent)
above the prior-year level. This is partially attributable to the
acquisition of new residential, SME, and I&C customers. The
optimization of our procurement portfolio led to a significant
increase in gas sales to the wholesale market.

Power sales in the United Kingdom declined by 3.9 billion kWh.
Lower consumption and a decline in customer numbers were
the principal negative factors for residential and SME custom-
ers. Power sales to 1&C customers declined owing likewise to
lower average offtake per customer. Gas sales decreased by
3.3 billion kWh. The decline in gas sales to residential and SME
customers resulted mainly from weather factors. This was par-
tially offset by a slight increase in gas sales to 1&C customers due
to a somewhat larger customer base.

Power sales at the Other unit (Sweden, Hungary, the Czech
Republic, Romania, and Italy) were at the prior-year level for the
unit as a whole, for each customer group, and for the wholesale
market. Higher demand from I&C customers in the Czech
Republic and Italy was the primary factor behind the increase in
power sales. This was partially offset by the loss of customers

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

53

in Sweden. The optimization of our procurement portfolio in the
Czech Republic led to a significant increase in power sales to
the wholesale market. This was offset, in part, by a decline in
Sweden. Other's gas sales were at the prior-year level for the
unit as a whole and for each customer group. A reduction in gas
sales to 1&C customers resulting from the sale of an equity
interest in the second quarter of 2019 in Sweden and the loss
of customers in Romania was partially offset by successful
customer acquisition in Hungary. Gas sales to the wholesale
market declined owing in part to a reduction in demand spikes
in Romania relative to the prior year.

Customer Numbers

This segment had about 20.9 million customers at year-end
2019, fewer than the prior-year figure of 21 million. The number
of customers in the United Kingdom declined from 6.6 to

6.1 million, with losses among power as well as gas customers.
In Germany the customer base increased from 6 million in 2018
to around 6.2 million in 2019; of these, 5.2 million were power
customers and 0.9 million gas customers (prior year: 5.1 million
power customers, 0.9 million gas customers). This segment had
a total of 8.6 million customers in the other countries where it
operates (prior year: 8.5 million).

See page 54 for the innogy segment's customer numbers.

Sales and Adjusted EBIT
Customer Solutions’ 2019 sales rose by €1,292 million. Its
adjusted EBIT decreased by €100 million.

Sales in Germany rose primarily because of higher power and
gas sales volume. As forecast during the year, adjusted EBIT
was at the prior-year level.


--- Page 43 ---

Business Segments

Customer Solutions

54

Germany Sales United Kingdom Other Total
€ in millions 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018
Fourth quarter

Sales 2,038 1,888 2,307 2,286 2,246 2,112 6,591 6,286
Adjusted EBITDA 78 45 3 26 124 63 199 134
Adjusted EBIT 69 36 -40 -1 60 18 89 53
Full year

Sales 7,313 6,798 7,683 7,633 8,283 7,556 23,279 21,987
Adjusted EBITDA 198 193 133 237 353 294 684 724
Adjusted EBIT 159 160 1 142 143 11 313 413

Sales in the United Kingdom were at the prior-year level.
Adjusted EBIT was significantly lower, primarily because of the
regulatory price cap that took effect in 2019 and a decline in
customer numbers.

Other's sales rose by €727 million, primarily because of higher
sales prices and higher sales volume in Italy, the Czech Republic,
and Hungary. Adjusted EBIT increased significantly year on year,
in part because of an improved gas margin in Romania and
higher sales volume in Italy.

innogy

This segment consists in particular of the network and sales
businesses as well as the corporate functions and internal ser-
vices of the innogy Group, which E.ON took over in September
2019. The businesses still to be transferred to RWE are not
included here (see page 14).

The network business encompasses the distribution of power
and gas in Germany, gas distribution in Croatia, and power dis-
tribution in Poland and Hungary. The power and gas distribution
business in Germany also includes the operations of innogy's
fully consolidated regional utilities (including network opera-
tions, power generation, water) but not their sales operations,
which are reported separately; minority stakes (such as in
municipal utilities in Germany); and activities related to broad-
band expansion.

The sales business encompasses energy retail activities, which,
in addition to the sale of power and gas, include the provision of
innovative, needs-oriented energy solutions. The innogy Group
operates principally in Germany, the United Kingdom, the Nether-
lands, Belgium, and Eastern Europe. innogy supplies a total of
14.4 million customers with power and 4.7 million with gas.

Sales and Adjusted EBIT

The innogy segment's sales totaled €10,444 million from Sep-
tember 18 to December 31, 2019, and resulted primarily from the
sale of power and gas and from the power and gas distribution
networks business.

The innogy segment recorded adjusted EBIT of €421 million from

September 18 to December 31, 2019. The network business,
primarily in Germany, was the principal source of earnings.

innogy

€in millions 2019

Fourth quarter

Sales 9,528
Adjusted EBITDA 711
Adjusted EBIT 417
Full year

Sales 10,444
Adjusted EBITDA 756

Adjusted EBIT 421


--- Page 44 ---

Renewables

The Renewables segment significantly reflects the transfer of
substantially all of its operations effective September 18, 2019,
as part of the transaction with RWE.

At year-end 2019 this segment had no material fully consolidated
generating capacity or attributable generating capacity to report.
Its fully consolidated generating capacity was 5,334 MW at

year-end 2018; its attributable generating capacity, 5,742 MW.

This segment's material power generation and power sales
volume are attributable to the operations transferred effective
September 18, 2019. Power sales volume from January 1 to
the time of the transfer amounted to 13.2 billion kWh (prior year:
17.7 billion kWh). Owned generation totaled 10.9 billion kWh
(prior year: 14.7 billion kWh). Power procurement amounted to
2.3 billion kWh (prior year: 3 billion kWh).

Sales and Adjusted EBIT
Renewables’ sales and adjusted EBIT declined by €158 million
and €174 million, respectively.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

55

Non-Core Business

Below we report on a number of important non-financial key
performance indicators for this segment, such as generating
capacity, power generation, and power sales volume.

Fully Consolidated and Attributable Generating Capacity

As part of the innogy takeover, E.ON's stakes in Gundremmingen
and Emsland nuclear power stations were transferred to RWE
(for more information, see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements). Consequently, PreussenElektra’s fully consolidated
and attributable generating capacity at year-end 2019 declined
to 3,828 MW (prior year: 4,150 MW) and 3,319 MW (prior year:
3,808 MW), respectively.

Power Generation and Sales Volume

This segment's power procured (owned generation and purchases)
of 32.5 billion kWh was significantly below the prior-year level.
This is primarily attributable to the departure of Gundremmingen
and Emsland nuclear power stations and the expiration of supply
contracts. In addition, there was less need to purchase power to
meet delivery obligation.

Renewables Power Generation
€ in millions 2019 2018 PreussenElektra
Fourth quarter Billion kWh 2019 2018

Sales 294 541

Fourth quarter

Owned generation 17 85

Adjusted EBITDA 22 327
Adjusted EBIT 19 238 Purchases 0.2 21
OO Jointly owned power plants = 0.4
Full year Third parties 0.2 17
Sal 1,596 1,754

aes Total power procurement 79 10.6
Adjusted EBITDA 628 8. s _

Station use, line loss, etc. - -

Adjusted EBIT 347 521

The reduction in sales and adjusted EBIT resulted from the absence
of operations due to their transfer effective September 18, 2019,
as part of the transaction with RWE.

Power sales 79 10.6

Full year

Owned generation 30.1 31.2

Purchases 25 81
Jointly owned power plants 0.9 14
Third parties 16 67

Total power procurement 32.6 39.3

Station use, line loss, etc. -0.1 -0.1

Power sales 32.5 39.2


--- Page 45 ---

Business Segments

Sales and Adjusted EBIT

PreussenElektra's sales were €196 million below the prior-year
figure, mainly because of the expiration of supply contracts and
the aforementioned transfer of minority stakes in nuclear power
stations to RWE.

Adjusted EBIT in 2019 of €366 million was slightly below the
prior-year figure of €382 million. PreussenElektra's adjusted
EBIT declined owing to an increase in depreciation charges and
the transfer of minority stakes in nuclear power stations. These
factors were not offset by higher sales prices.

Non-Core Business

56

By contrast, adjusted EBIT at the generation business in Turkey
improved, principally because its hydroelectric stations consid-
erably increased their output relative to the prior year.

PreussenElektra Generation/Turkey Total
€ in millions 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018
Fourth quarter
Sales 307 411 - - 307 411
Adjusted EBITDA 120 120 23 124 143
Adjusted EBIT 36 45 23 40 68
Full year
Sales 1,174 1,370 - - 1,174 1,370
Adjusted EBITDA 543 556 74 -17 617 539
Adjusted EBIT 292 399 74 -17 366 382



--- Page 46 ---

Internal Control System
for the Accounting Process

Disclosures Pursuant to Section 289,
Paragraph 4, and Section 315, Paragraph 4 of
the German Commercial Code on the Internal
Control System for the Accounting Process

General Principles

We apply Section 315e, Paragraph 1, of the German Commercial
Code and prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
("IFRS") and the interpretations of the IFRS Interpretations
Committee that were adopted by the European Commission for
use in the EU as of the end of the fiscal year and whose appli-
cation was mandatory as of the balance-sheet date (see Note 1
to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Energy Networks
(Germany, Sweden, and East-Central Europe/Turkey), Customer
Solutions (Germany, United Kingdom, Other), innogy, Renewables,
Non-Core Business, and Corporate Functions/Other are our
IFRS reportable segments.

E.ON SE prepares its Financial Statements in accordance with
the German Commercial Code, the SE Ordinance (in conjunction
with the German Stock Corporation Act), and the German
Energy Act.

We prepare a Combined Group Management Report which
applies to both the E.ON Group and E.ON SE.

Accounting Process

All companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements
must comply with our uniform Accounting and Reporting Guide-
lines for the Annual Consolidated Financial Statements and

the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. These guidelines
describe applicable IFRS accounting and valuation principles.
They also explain accounting principles typical in the E.ON Group,
such as those for provisions for nuclear-waste management,
the treatment of financial instruments, and the treatment of
regulatory obligations. We continually analyze amendments

to laws, new or amended accounting standards, and other pro-
nouncements for their relevance to, and consequences for, our
Consolidated Financial Statements and, if necessary, update our
guidelines and systems accordingly.

Corporate headquarters defines and oversees the roles and
responsibilities of various Group entities in the preparation of
E.ON SE's Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial
Statements. These roles and responsibilities are described in a
Group Policy document.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

57

E.ON Group companies are responsible for preparing their
financial statements in a proper and timely manner. They receive
substantial support from Business Service Centers in Regensburg,
Germany; Cluj, Romania; and Krakow, Poland. E.ON SE combines
the financial statements of subsidiaries belonging to its scope
of consolidation into its Consolidated Financial Statements using
standard consolidation software. Group Accounting is responsible
for conducting the consolidation and for monitoring adherence
to the guidelines for scheduling, processes, and contents. Moni-
toring of system-based automated controls is supplemented by
manual checks.

In conjunction with the year-end closing process, additional
qualitative and quantitative information relevant for accounting
is compiled. Furthermore, dedicated quality-control processes
are in place for all relevant departments to discuss and ensure
the completeness of relevant information on a regular basis.

E.ON SE's Financial Statements are prepared with SAP software.
The accounting and preparation processes are divided into
discrete functional steps. Bookkeeping processes are handled
by our Business Service Centers: Cluj has responsibility for pro-
cesses relating to subsidiary ledgers and several bank activities,
Regensburg for those relating to the general ledgers. Automated
or manual controls are integrated into each step. Defined proce-
dures ensure that all transactions and the preparation of E.ON SE's
Financial Statements are recorded, processed, assigned on an
accrual basis, and documented in a complete, timely, and accu-
rate manner. Relevant data from E.ON SE's Financial Statements
are, if necessary, adjusted to conform with IFRS and then trans-
ferred to the consolidation software system using SAP-supported
transfer technology.

The following explanations about our internal control system
("ICS") and our general IT controls apply equally to the Conso-
lidated Financial Statements and to E.ON SE's Financial State-
ments. Pages 58 to 59 contain information about the innogy
Group's internal control system, which has not yet been adapted
to E.ON's internal control system.

Internal Control System

Internal controls are an integral part of our accounting processes.
Guidelines define uniform financial-reporting requirements and
procedures for the entire E.ON Group. These guidelines encom-
pass a definition of the guidelines’ scope of application; a Risk

Catalog (ICS Model); standards for establishing, documenting,


--- Page 47 ---

Internal Control System
for the Accounting Process

and evaluating internal controls; a Catalog of ICS Principles; a

description of the test activities of our Internal Audit division; and
a description of the final Sign-Off process. We believe that com-
pliance with these rules provides sufficient certainty to prevent
error or fraud from resulting in material misrepresentations in the
Financial Statements, the Combined Group Management Report,
the Half-Year Financial Report, and the Quarterly Statements.

COSO Framework

Our ICS is based on the globally recognized COSO framework,
in the version published in May 2013 (COSO: The Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission). The
Central Risk Catalog (ICS Model), which encompasses company-
and industry-specific aspects, defines possible risks for accounting
(financial reporting) in the functional areas of our units and thus
serves as a check list and provides guidance for the establish-
ment, documentation, and implementation of internal controls.

The Catalog of ICS Principles, which is another key component
of our ICS, defines the minimum requirements for the system
to function. These principles encompass overarching principles
for matters such as authorization, the separation of functions,
and master data management as well as specific requirements
for managing risks in a range of issue areas and processes, such
as contractor management, project management, audit, and
transactions.

Scope

Each year we conduct a process using qualitative criteria and
quantitative materiality metrics to define which E.ON units
must document and evaluate their financial-reporting-related
processes and controls in a central documentation system.

Central Documentation System

The E.ON units to which the ICS applies use a central documen-
tation system to document key controls. The system defines the
scope, detailed documentation requirements, the assessment
requirements for process owners, and the final Sign-Off process.

Assessment

After E.ON units have documented their processes and controls,
the individual process owners conduct an annual assessment

of the design and the operational effectiveness of the processes
as well as the controls embedded in these processes.

58

Tests Performed by Internal Audit

The management of E.ON units relies on the assessment per-
formed by the process owners and on the testing of the ICS
performed by Internal Audit. These tests are a key part of the
process. Using a risk-oriented audit plan, Internal Audit tests
the E.ON Group's ICS and identifies potential deficiencies (issues).
On the basis of its own evaluation and the results of tests per-
formed by Internal Audit, an E.ON unit's management carries out
the final Sign-Off.

Sign-Off Process

The final step of the internal evaluation process is the submission
of a formal written declaration called a Sign-Off confirming the
ICS's effectiveness. The Sign-Off process is conducted at all
levels of the Group before E.ON SE, as the final step, conducts it
for the Group as a whole. The Chairman of the E.ON SE Manage-
ment Board and the Chief Financial Officer make the final Sign-
Off for the E.ON Group.

Internal Audit regularly informs the E.ON SE Supervisory Board's
Audit and Risk Committee about the ICS for financial reporting
and any significant issue areas it identifies in the E.ON Group's
various processes.

General IT Controls

A functionally managed digital organization and third-party
service providers provide digital and IT services for the E.ON
Group. IT systems used for accounting are subject to provisions
of the internal control system, which encompasses the general
IT controls. These include access controls, the separation of
functions, processing controls, measures to prevent the inten-
tional and unintentional falsification of the programs, data,

and documents as well as controls related to contractor manage-
ment. The documentation of the general IT controls is stored

in our documentation system.

innogy's Internal Control System

The set of rules for the design and monitoring of innogy SE's ICS
remains in effect without any changes and has so far not been
adapted to E.ON's ICS. The innogy SE CEO and CFO issued a
formal written declaration (Sign-Off) for the 2019 Consolidated
Financial Statements and their responsibility for, and the effec-
tiveness of, the innogy Group's ICS.


--- Page 48 ---

Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

Report on innogy SE's Accounting-related Internal Control
System

Risks associated with financial reporting reflect the fact that the
innogy Group's annual, consolidated and interim financial state-
ments may contain misrepresentations that could have a signifi-
cant influence on the decisions made by the reader. The innogy
Group's accounting-based ICS aims to detect potential sources of
error and limit the resulting risks. This enables innogy to ensure
with sufficient certainty that the Consolidated Financial State-
ments are prepared in compliance with statutory regulations.

The foundations of the ICS are innogy's basic principles, which
are set out in innogy's Code of Conduct and include the ambition
to provide complete, objective, correct, intelligible and timely
information, as well as the company's Group-wide guidelines.
Building on this, the ICS quality standards for the accounting-
related IT systems should ensure that the data are collected
and processed reliably.

The organization of the innogy Group's accounting did not
change compared to the previous year. Expert management of
the innogy Group's accounting units and Shared Service Center
in Krakow, in which the transaction-related accounting activities
are pooled, is the responsibility of the Accounting department
of innogy SE; this department is also responsible for preparing
the Consolidated Financial Statements of the innogy Group.

A dedicated unit within Accounting is responsible for designing
and monitoring the ICS of the innogy Group. It implements the
ICS with support from the ICS Committee. The committee works
to ensure that the ICS is implemented according to uniform
principles across the Group and meets high standards for correct-
ness and transparency. It consists of the heads of Accounting &
Reporting, Tax, Controlling & Risk as well as Finance & Credit Risk,
HR, procurement, IT, Tax, Retail Billing, Grid Billing, and Corpo-
rate Responsibility. The Group-wide set of rules for designing
and monitoring the ICS remain in effect without any changes.

In order to verify that the ICS is effective, as a first step, with
respect to the Accounting department, innogy examines whether
the risk situation is presented appropriately and whether suit-
able controls are in place for the identified risks. In a second step,
the effectiveness of the controls is verified. This task has been
entrusted to employees in Accounting and Internal Audit as well
as independent auditing companies, whose work is supported by
the IT system. The officers in charge check whether the agreed
ICS quality standards are complied with for the Finance, HR,
Procurement, IT, Tax, Retail Billing, and, in 2019 for the first time,
Grid Billing functions. The results of the checks are reported to
the Management Board. The CEO and CFO of innogy SE formally
confirm their responsibility for the effectiveness of the innogy
Group's ICS.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

59

Within the scope of external reporting, the members of the
Management Board of innogy SE have signed the responsibility
statement. They thus confirmed that the prescribed accounting
standards have been adhered to and that the figures give a true
and fair view of the net assets, financial position and results

of operations. At its meetings, the Supervisory Board's Audit
Committee regularly concerned itself with the effectiveness

of the ICS. At the end of February 2020, the Management Board
submitted a report on the appropriateness of the design and
effectiveness of the ICS to innogy SE's Audit Committee.

The assessments and audits carried out in 2019 proved that
the ICS was effective yet again in the Accounting, Finance, HR,
Procurement, IT, and Tax functions. However, this merely reduces
the risk of gross misrepresentations in accounting, as such
cannot be eliminated completely.

Last year, the ICS was refined with a focus on accounting and
IT in conjunction with the introduction of the new SAP HANA IT
system.

Disclosures Pursuant to Section 289a,
Paragraph 1, and Section 315a, Paragraph 1,
of the German Commercial Code and Explana-
tory Report

Composition of Share Capital

The share capital totals €2,641,318,800 and consists of
2,641,318,800 registered shares without nominal value. Each
share of stock grants the same rights and one vote at a Share-
holders Meeting.

Restrictions on Voting Rights or the Transfer of
Shares

Shares acquired by an employee under the Company-sponsored
employee stock purchase program are subject to a blackout
period that begins the day ownership of such shares is trans-
ferred to the employee and that ends on December 31 of the
next calendar year plus one. As a rule, an employee may not sell
such shares until the blackout period has expired. The employee
stock purchase program was not offered in 2019.

Pursuant to Section 71b of the German Stock Corporation Act
(known by its German abbreviation, “AktG"), the Company's
treasury shares give it no rights, including no voting rights.


--- Page 49 ---

Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

Legal Provisions and Rules of the Company's
Articles of Association Regarding the Appoint-
ment and Dismissal of Management Board
Members and Amendments to the Articles of
Association

Pursuant to the Company's Articles of Association, the Manage-
ment Board consists of at least two members. The Supervisory
Board decides on the number of members as well as on their
appointment and dismissal.

The Supervisory Board appoints members to the Management
Board for a term not exceeding five years; reappointment is per-
missible. If more than one person is appointed as a member of
the Management Board, the Supervisory Board may appoint
one of the members as Chairperson of the Management Board.
If there is a vacancy on the Management Board for a required
member, the court makes the necessary appointment upon
petition by a concerned party in the event of an urgent matter.
The Supervisory Board may revoke the appointment of a mem-
ber of the Management Board and of the Chairperson of the
Management Board for serious cause (for further details, see
Sections 84 and 85 of the AktG).

Resolutions of the Shareholders Meeting require a majority of
the valid votes cast unless mandatory law or the Articles of
Association explicitly prescribe otherwise. An amendment to
the Articles of Association requires a two-thirds majority of the
votes cast or, in cases where at least half of the share capital is
represented, a simple majority of the votes cast unless manda-
tory law explicitly prescribes another type of majority.

The Supervisory Board is authorized to decide by resolution on
amendments to the Articles of Association that affect only their
wording (Section 10, Paragraph 7, of the Articles of Association).
Furthermore, the Supervisory Board is authorized to revise the
wording of Section 3 of the Articles of Association upon utiliza-
tion of authorized or conditional capital.

Management Board's Power to Issue or Buy
Back Shares

Pursuant to a resolution of the Shareholders Meeting of May 10,
2017, the Company is authorized, until May 9, 2022, to acquire
treasury shares. The shares acquired and other treasury shares
that are in possession of or to be attributed to the Company
pursuant to Sections 71a et seq. of the AktG must altogether
at no point account for more than 10 percent of the Company's
share capital.

60

At the Management Board's discretion, the acquisition may be
conducted:

¢ through a stock exchange

¢ by means of a public offer directed at all shareholders or a
public solicitation to submit offers

¢ by means of a public offer or a public solicitation to submit
offers for the exchange of liquid shares that are admitted to
trading on an organized market, within the meaning of the
German Securities Purchase and Takeover Law, for Company
shares

¢ bythe use of derivatives (put or call options or a combination
of both).

These authorizations may be utilized on one or several occasions,
in whole or in partial amounts, in pursuit of one or more objec-
tives by the Company and also by its affiliated companies or by
third parties for the Company's account or one of its affiliates’
account.

With regard to treasury shares that will be, or have been, acquired
based on the aforementioned authorization and/or prior autho-
rizations by the Shareholders Meeting, the Management Board
is authorized, subject to the Supervisory Board's consent and
excluding shareholder subscription rights, to use these shares—
in addition to a disposal through a stock exchange or an offer
granting a subscription right to all shareholders—as follows:

* tobe sold and transferred against cash consideration
* to be sold and transferred against contributions in kind

¢ to be used in order to satisfy the rights of creditors of bonds
with conversion or option rights or, respectively, conversion
obligations issued by the Company or its Group companies

¢ to be offered, with or without consideration, for purchase
and transferred to individuals who are or were employed
by the Company or one of its affiliates as well as to board
members of affiliates of the Company

¢ to be used for the purpose of a scrip dividend where share-
holders may choose to contribute their dividend entitlement
to the Company in the form of a contribution in kind in
exchange for new shares.


--- Page 50 ---

These authorizations may be utilized on one or several occa-
sions, in whole or in partial amounts, separately or collectively,
including with respect to treasury shares acquired by affiliated
companies or companies majority-owned by the Company or
by third parties for their account or the Company's account.

In addition, the Management Board is authorized to cancel
treasury shares, without such cancellation or its implementation
requiring an additional resolution by the Shareholders Meeting.

In each case, the Management Board will inform the Share-
holders Meeting about the utilization of the aforementioned
authorization, in particular about the reasons for and the purpose
of the acquisition of treasury shares, the number of treasury
shares acquired, the amount of the registered share capital
attributable to them, the portion of the registered share capital
represented by them, and their equivalent value.

By shareholder resolution adopted at the Annual Shareholders
Meeting of May 10, 2017, the Management Board was autho-
rized, subject to the Supervisory Board's approval, to increase,
until May 9, 2022, the Company's share capital by a total of up
to €460 million through one or more issuances of new registered
no-par-value shares against contributions in cash and/or in kind
(authorized capital pursuant to Sections 202 et seq. of the AktG;
Authorized Capital 2017). Subject to the Supervisory Board's
approval, the Management Board is authorized to exclude share-
holders’ subscription rights.

With the Supervisory Board's approval, the Management Board
adopted a resolution that took effect on March 12, 2018, and
that the Management Board concretized on September 18, 2019,
to utilize almost all of Authorized Capital 2017, which had been
resolved by the Annual Shareholders Meeting of May 10, 2017,
to increase E.ON SE's share capital—excluding shareholders’
subscription rights pursuant to Section 203, Paragraph 2, and
Section 186, Paragraph 3 of the AktG—from €2,201,099,000
to €2,641,318,800 through the issuance of 440,219,800 new
registered no-par-value shares against contributions in kind.
The Executive Committee approved the capital increase on Sep-
tember 18, 2019. The capital increase took effect when it was
entered into the Commercial Register on September 19, 2019.
Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contains
more information about Authorized Capital 2017.

At the Annual Shareholders Meeting of May 10, 2017, share-
holders approved a conditional increase of the Company's share
capital (with the option to exclude shareholders’ subscription
rights) up to the amount of €175 million (Conditional Capital
2017). Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements con-
tains more information about Conditional Capital 2017.

Report of the Supervisory Board
Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Combined Non-Financial Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Information

61

Significant Agreements to Which the Company
Is a Party That Take Effect on a Change of Control
of the Company Following a Takeover Bid

The underlying contracts of debt issued since 2007 contain
change-of-control clauses that give the creditor the right of
cancellation. This applies, inter alia, to bonds issued by E.ON SE
and E.ON International Finance B.V. and guaranteed by E.ON SE,
promissory notes issued by E.ON SE, and other instruments
such as credit contracts. Granting change-of-control rights to
creditors is considered good corporate governance and has
become standard market practice. More information about
financial liabilities is contained in the section of the Combined
Group Management Report entitled Financial Situation and in
Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Settlement Agreements between the Company
and Management Board Members or Employees
in the Case of a Change-of-Control Event

In the event of a premature loss of a Management Board posi-
tion due to a change-of-control event, the service agreements
of Management Board members entitle them to severance and
settlement payments (see the detailed presentation in the
Compensation Report).

To the extent that the Company has agreed to settlement pay-
ments for Management Board members in the case of a change
of control, the purpose of such agreements is to preserve the
independence of Management Board members.

Achange-of-control event would also result in the early payout
of virtual shares under the E.ON Share Matching Plan and the
E.ON Performance Plan.

Other Disclosures Relevant to Takeovers

The Company has been notified about the follwing direct or
indirect interests in its share capital that exceed 10 percent of
the voting rights:

* notification on October 2, 2019, by RWE Aktiengesellschaft
for 15 percent of the voting rights

* notification on October 4, 2019, by The Capital Group
Companies, Inc., for 10.16 percent of the voting rights.

Stock with special rights granting power of control has not
been issued. In the case of stock given by the Company to
employees, employees exercise their rights of control directly
and in accordance with legal provisions and the provisions of
the Articles of Association, just like other shareholders.
