We bring
intelligence to light and
passion to innovation

Our Vision & Mission

For ams and OSRAM, our vision is to create the
uncontested leader in optical solutions.

To achieve this vision, our mission is to pursue bold
investments in disruptive innovation and contin-
uous transformation that will deliver best in class
profitability and growth.

Our Company & Strategy

As ams and OSRAM, we bring intelligence to
light and passion to innovation. Our portfolios
complement each other perfectly: OSRAM is a
leader in the field of emitting light and ams is a
pioneer and leader in directing and sensing light
and processing it.

Our purpose is to develop leading-edge optical
technologies that enable our customers to create
innovative solutions which open up new markets.
With deep engineering expertise and differentia-
ting IP, our strategy is to drive innovation that will
meaningfully improve the quality of life in terms
of health, safety and convenience. This is what we
mean by “Sensing is Life”.

We combine light emitters, optical components
and modules, light sensors, driver and read-out ICs
and software algorithms into optical solutions for
attractive growth applications in Sensing, Visualiza-
tion and Illumination. Innovation and technology
leadership are key factors in our success serving
the needs of leading OEMs worldwide in the
Consumer, Automotive, Industrial and Medical end
markets.
OUR COMPANY

We leverage differentiated in-house manufacturing
capabilities to strengthen our technology position
and drive new applications, and outsourced pro-
duction for more standard manufacturing require-
ments. As part of our strategy, we actively manage
the broad portfolio of technologies and products
that enables us to lead in optical solutions. Next to
our significant investment in R&D, we strategically
use technology-focused acquisitions as a means to
expand our position in our target markets.

Implementing this strategic approach consistently
and creatively, we achieve long-term growth, prof-
itability and value creation for our company and its
stakeholders.

OUR COMPANY

Our Talent

As ams and OSRAM, we bring together the talent
of around 30,000 employees globally. Our employ-
ees drive our market success and form our most
important asset as we set out to become the global
leader in optical solutions. We work together from
a truly global network to drive innovation and
create market-leading solutions for our customers.

We combine ams and OSRAM to create a power-
house in optical technologies. This enables us to
attract and retain the best talent in the industry
because we offer exciting opportunities for per-
sonal growth in a highly professional environment.
For the combined company, we continue to value
a broad base of creative, inventive and original
thinkers who are able to drive new ideas and bring
real innovation to the market.

Diversity has been part of both companies’ history.
In 2020, over 65 nationalities worked in locations
on three continents in the historical ams business.
Women comprised about 46% of the historical
ams total employee base in 2020, with a higher
proportion in manufacturing operations. Women
accounted for around 17% of the engineering
workforce in our historical ams business in 2020
and we continue our efforts to increase gender
diversity in all areas of the combined company.
To support gender diversity, the historical ams

business has created a mentoring and exchange
platform sponsored by senior managers and plans
to integrate this with programs in the historical
OSRAM business.

Coming together as ams and OSRAM, we build on a
clear set of core values and leadership principles for
our success. We recognize every employee's effort
and investment and value everyone's contribution
to our performance as a company. We want to offer
a dynamic, engaging and positive work environ-
ment that supports our long-term success and our
employees’ personal development. By establishing
anew talent management landscape, we empower
our employees and hold them accountable while
expecting integrity in all activities. As ams and
OSRAM, our priority is to harness and leverage the
combined know-how and experience of the entire
employee base to create a powerful team that will
be hard to match in the industry.

The integration process of the two companies
includes a roadmap to form a new, combined
culture from central elements of both companies’
heritage, building on our core values and leader-
ship principles. Given the engagement and energy
through which the employees of ams and OSRAM
have been driving both companies forward, we are
confident of success.

20

OUR COMPANY

Corporate Responsibility

Governance

ams follows a high standard for professional prac-
tices, ethical behavior and environmental respon-
sibility in conducting its worldwide business. For
our historical ams business we have committed to
adhering to the UN Global Compact which offers a
recognized scope of social standards related to our
workforce and our suppliers. Among others, they
include the right of association, co-determination
where legally provided for, and the prohibition of
forced labor. We strive to improve our performance
as Global Compact signatory on a continuous basis
and provide an annual progress report on our
website.

Our business activities are governed by our Code of
Conduct which constitutes a binding set of princi-
ples and procedures for all our business functions
to ensure consistent, responsible, and accountable
practices. This includes the protection of employee
rights across geographical locations and the pro-
hibition of under-age labor throughout the supply
chain. We follow a zero-tolerance policy on bribery
and corruption, which strictly prohibits all forms

of corruption and is detailed in our anti-corruption
Compliance Codex. The framework includes secure
anonymous channels to our Compliance Board

Environment

Protecting the environment and sustainable
resources while being successful as a business is a
central element of our responsibility commitment.
We have the goal to lower our global carbon emis-
sions footprint relative to the size of our business
and continue to promote technologies that allow
us to consume less electricity and natural gas. As

a group, we participate in CDP (formerly Carbon

for employee feedback or whistleblower informa-
tion. Our Code of Conduct as well as our supplier
agreements are compliant with the International
Human Rights Bill core values and leadership
program. We have a rigorous supplier audit system
in place ranging from self-assessment to on-site
audits. We also comply with the employment rights
set out in international conventions of the United
Nations, the International Labor Organisation and
the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and
Development.

Supporting our governance policies, we are now
including a separate remuneration report in this
Annual Report. The section offers detailed informa-
tion on Management Board and Supervisory Board
remuneration for ams AG as well as related policies
and programs. In this context, the Supervisory
Board has developed a new remuneration policy
for the management of the ams Group which
expands on previous policies and will be present-
ed in the upcoming Annual General Meeting. The
remuneration policy and remuneration report were
both designed with the support of specialized
external consultants.

Disclosure Project), to provide detailed informa-
tion about our emissions footprint on a yearly
basis. CDP with over 10,000 participants globally

is recognized as the leading international platform
for corporate disclosure of environmental informa-
tion to stakeholders. We have been contributing to
CDP since 2009 creating a long-term track record of
quality disclosure.

Our manufacturing locations in Austria and

the Philippines have been certified according

to the Environmental Management System

DIN EN ISO 14001 for many years while our pro-
duction sites in Singapore recently received this
certification. Environmental protection measures
are managed, tracked and reviewed on group
level within the established DIN EN ISO 14001
framework. We are implementing programs to
reduce waste and consume less energy and water
across the ams Group, continuously looking for
new methods to improve our performance from
an already high standard. As an example, a new
recycling process at our Austrian site recycles 50%
of the solvents used in certain manufacturing pro-
cesses. We have also established an environmental
product stewardship program in our historical ams

Social

Diversity is a priority at ams and OSRAM and has
been anchored in both companies’ business for a
long time. More detailed information on this topic
is presented in the chapter “Our Talent” of this
annual report.

We believe we hold responsibility as a business

to engage with stakeholders in and beyond our
business environment. Our historical ams business
has been offering a range of additional benefits

to our employees, which vary by location and ge-
ography. These include free or sponsored vaccina-
tions, sponsored leisure activities, staff events and
initiatives, volunteer opportunities, and support in
special situations. Similarly, OSRAM has been offer-
ing an array of discretionary benefits above legal
requirements as well as charitable and volunteer
activities for employees depending on local rules
and regulations. Related to external stakeholders,

business incorporating a range of measures. The
ams GREEN initiative is a priority to support life
cycle thinking across all areas of the group. Driving
environmental product stewardship, we see ams
GREEN as the guiding principle for all product
development activities and manufacturing opera-
tions going forward.

Our products comply with international regula-
tions regarding hazardous substances, including
standards such as REACH, RoHS, ODS and California
Proposition 65. We have also implemented a com-
prehensive initiative to achieve conflict minerals
compliance in our direct materials as well as in our
supply chain. These programs cover new as well as
existing products through monitoring and validat-
ing suppliers and subcontractors.

our historical ams business has supported a variety
of social initiatives and charities at the community
up to the international level for many years. This in-
cludes a multi-year cooperation with SOS Children’s
Villages, a worldwide charity, but also community
donations in case of natural disasters. OSRAM has

a history of supporting social and humanitarian
projects, which includes a cooperation with the
German Red Cross and the Boston Children Hospi-
tal. Despite last year’s Covid-19 related restrictions
our historical ams business continued to contribute
to social initiatives and charities as intended. While
OSRAM's activities and events promoting social
initiatives were affected last year, OSRAM supported
local communities and organizations to mitigate
the effects of the pandemic, for example by
donating disinfection and protective equipment.

21
22

OUR COMPANY

Health and Safety

Health and Safety plays an important role in our
responsibility efforts. We successfully received
ISO 45001:2018 certification for the occupational
health and safety (OH&S) management systems
in all our Singapore manufacturing locations. As
the safety and well-being of our employees is
our priority, the evolving pandemic created an
unprecedented situation last year. We quickly set
up a global Covid-19 taskforce early in the year in
our historical ams business and defined detailed

guidelines and safety measures for our worldwide
locations, which proved to be very effective. While
we maintained volume production in our historical
ams business, we successfully mitigated the effects
of the pandemic in the workplace globally. We

also follow a zero-accident policy to safeguard the
health and safety of our employees, thoroughly
analyzing the very limited number of accidents per
year to avoid incidents for the future.

Sustainability strategy and corporate responsibility

As part of our continuous improvement and with
the integration of ams and OSRAM now underway,
we have started to create a comprehensive and
integrated sustainability strategy for the combined
company. We are implementing an analysis and
stakeholder survey according to Global Reporting
Initiative (GRI) standards. The related results will be
harmonized with the existing framework of OSRAM
to build a sustainability strategy for the group.
OSRAM can draw on its long-term experience in
extended ESG reporting as demonstrated by high
ratings and several awards received over the last

years. We look forward to leveraging this success
by integrating both companies’ programs into

one strategy in the coming twelve months. In this
context we are also defining a roadmap to expand
our reporting in line with GRI requirements. As part
of the integration of ams and OSRAM we will also
integrate the broader range of both companies’
corporate responsibility initiatives into a consis-
tent responsibility approach for the combined
company.

68

Group Management Report 2020

1. Overview of the Economic Environment

and the Past Financial Year

Development in the semiconductor sector

The development of the global semiconductor sec -
tor in 2020 was dened by the Covid-19 pandemic
and its elects on the worldwide macro-economic
environment. Demand in di!erent end markets
exhibited signi"cant volatility as the pandemic
continued to impact economies in all key regions.
Total sales volume of the global semiconductor
industry in 2020 was USD#433bn, re$ecting a 5%
year-on-year increase, while market volume had
decreased by 12% to USD 412bn in 2019. The
development of the market segments in which ams
is active was comparable to the overall semicon -
ductor industry in 2020.

Acquisition of OSRAM Licht AG

Pursuing its strategic path focused on optical

technologies, ams successfully closed the highly
strategic acquisition of OSRAM Licht AG@SRAM), a
leading global provider of light emitting technol -
ogies and photonics, in July 2020. With the clear
vision to create the worldwide leader in optical
solutions, ams is moving towards the full inte -
gration of the two companies on the basis of a
domination and pro"t and loss transfer agreement
(DPLTA) between ams and OSRAM. The agree
ment was overwhelmingly approved by OSRAM
shareholders in November 2020 and ams expects
it to become elective in the foreseeable future.
As a consequence of ams majority shareholding
in OSRAM and the resulting full consolidation of
OSRAM from | July 2020 onwards, the O9SRAM
busin

shown as

separate business segment

in the group "nancial statements.

1) Source: WSTS, January 2021

ams is a leader in advanced sensor and optical
solutions based on a clear innovation focus and
extensive industry experience. The groups histor -
ical ams business expanded in 2020 despite the
Covid-19 pandemic and its e!ects on end market
demand while market presence in Asia/Paci"c,
Europe, and North America increased. Optical sens -
ing remains the most important product area for

the company s historical ams business and again
provided the largest contribution to revenues.

In conjunction with the acquisition of OSRAM and
to secure a comprehensive long-term funding
structure for the group, ams successfully execut -
ed several major "nancing transactions in 2020.
Following shareholder authorization at the begin -
ning of last year, ams completed a EUR#1.6 billion

capital increase in form of a rights issue during a

period of exceptional equity market volatility in
March/April 2020. In June/July 2020 ams success -
fully placed an o!ering of EUR#1.2#billion-equivalent
senior notes in EUR and USD as a "rst time i
In October 2020 ams completed a EUR 760 million
long-term convertible bond placement anden = -
tered into a new EUR#750#million bridge facility to
complement its "nancing portfolio.

uer.

2) The agreement became elective in March 2021, after the "nalization of the Management Report.

Structuring and development of the segments

The business segment Consumer comprises the
company s ams consumer business while the
business segment Non-Consumer comprises the
company s historical ams automotive, industrial, and

medical businesses. The business segment OSRAM
Consumer

The business segment Consumer performed very
well in 2020 despite the negative impact of the
Covid-19 pandemic on economies worldwide. This
positive development resulted from continued
robust demand for consumer devices during the
year. In ams view, the sustained demand re!ected
eects from changed working arrangements and
communication needs driven by the pandemic.

The ams consumer business is a major supplier of
advanced sensor solutions for smartphones and
consumer devices serving global OEMs. Optical
sensing provides the majority of revenues for

the ams consumer business and contributed

signi#cantly to group revenues. The ams business
addresses the areas of 3D sensing including VCSEL
illumination and NIR image sensing, advanced dis -
play management including behind-OLED (BOLED)
sensing, ultra-compact proximity sensing, spectral
and bio-sensing, and additional optical applica -
tions. Focused on innovation, the ams business
continued its extensive R&D activities last year and

brought new solutions to the market.

The groups ams consumer business is a signi#cant
provider of 3D sensing technology combining ex -
tensive system expertise and IP to o"er 3D sensing
solutions. The industry-leading platform serves

all 3D architectures, structured light (SL), time-
of-!ight (ToF and dToF) and active stereo vision
(ASV). The ams business has built its strong market

comprises the historical OSRAM business. As OSRAM
remained an independent majority-owned sub -
sidiary of ams throughtout 2020. The presentation

in the group management report focuses on the

business segments Consumer and Non-Consumer.

position focused on front-facing and world-facing
3D illumination for multiple architectures. The
business shipped substantial volumes of 3D sens -
ing products to leading consumer OEMs in 2020
and continued to build its position in the Android
market. Its advanced optics know-how and VCSEL
technology are important elements of ams market
success in 3D sensing. This helps ams to drive the
evolution of 3D technology for more di"erentiat -
ed usage. As a strategic focus, the ams business

is creating 3D system solutions on the basis of

its expanded 3D portfolio including NIR image
sensing, SPAD sensing, algorithms, and system and
application software.

In world-facing 3D the ams business shipped high
volumes of VCSEL illumination for iToF systems last
year that enable camera enhancement functional -
ities. Advancing 3D technology for more complex
applications, the ams consumer business focuses

on the development of full 3D dToF, an advanced
architecture for AR-oriented and world-facing fune -
tions. ams expects 3D dToF and AR functions to be -
come a sizeable 3D sensing market with attractive
opportunities in the coming years on the basis of
market feedback. The ams business is progressing

in the development of a 3D dToF system solution

for high performance which leverages ams leading
3D system capabilities to drive innovation. In dToF,
ams consumer business has been successful with

its 1D dToF solutions for Laser Detect Autofocus

69
70

(LDAF) in smartphone platforms from various OEMs
and expects further market penetration of its 1D
dToF technology.

The ams consumer business is also working on
behind-OLED 3D technology which will o!er
signi"cant innovation in front-facing 3D sensing for
face authentication. The technically very challeng -
ing BOLED 3D technology will allow to move the
3D sensing system behind the OLED display mak -
ing it invisible as it eliminates components from

the device front. Superior capabilities in BOLED

light emission and sensing together with deep

3D system expertise enable ams to pursue a full
BOLED 3D solution including VCSEL illumination,
3D NIR image sensing, related software and algo -
rithms. The ams consumer business is progressing
in its BOLED 3D development activities along a
technical path to enable commercialization of the
technology for the coming years. Later on, ams also
plans to explore BOLED 3D sensing architectures
that support SL.

Non-Consumer

The segment Non-Consumer which includes the
ams automotive, industrial, and medical businesses
recorded an overall weaker performance compared
to the previous year. The segment was signi"cant -
ly impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic last year.
Over the course of the second half this challenging
market situation began to improve amid signs of
recovering demand. ams diversi"ed non-consumer
business lines were supportive last year while ams
continued to o!er technical innovation as a leading
sensing supplier.

The ams automotive business showed an overall

subdued performance for 2020 re#ecting the
signi"cant impact of Covid-19 on global automo -

The company s ams business holds a leading posi -
tion in display management for high performance
ambient light and proximity sensing in consum_ -
er devices. ams again recorded high shipment
volumes for display management solutions in

2020. ams BOLED solutions for invisible light and
proximity sensing behind the OLED display contin -
ued their success in the Android market last year
with further adoption at leading Android OEMs. In

addition, the ams consumer business is a leader

in ultra-small scale proximity sensors and success -
ful in the accessory market for wireless earbuds.
Camera-enhancing features o!er attractive value
propositions for smartphone users. Automatic
white balancing (AWB) and #icker detection are
new ams optical sensing functions with increasing
adoption at smartphone OEMs. ams AWB solution
uses spectral sensing to drive compelling natu -
ral colors while wide frequency #icker detection
enables the elimination of picture artifacts. ams is a
leader in active noise cancellation for the expand -
ing ear- and headphone market and added new

audio sensing customers last year.

tive end demand. Following very weak demand in
the "rst half of 2020, the ams automotive business
recorded more attractive results in the third and
fourth quarter as order trends and production vol -
umes developed positively. Serving Tier | suppliers
and OEMs globally, the ams automotive business

continues to focus on dilerentiated solutions

for safety, driver ance/autonomous driving,
position sensing, and chassis control. The ams
business has built a strong position in 3D LIDAR, a
core automotive and 3D sensing technology ena -
bling the evolution to automated and autonomous
driving. High power high-count automotive-qual | -
i"ed VCSEL arrays drive illumination for advanced
LIDAR architectures. The ams business has LIDAR

engagements at several system suppliers for which
signi!cant R&D continued in 2020. ams partner -
ship with LIDAR integrator IBEO is successful in the
market gaining a program win at Chinese volume
OEM Great Wall Motors last year. Optical in-cabin
sensing (ICS) is a new automotive sensing market
for interior comfort and safety functions such

as driver or seat monitoring which are gaining
signi!cant traction at Tier 1 suppliers and OEMs.
Strongly positioned with !rst project wins, the ams
automotive business is developing ICS solutions
in di"erent optical technologies. In micro-lens
projector lighting for exterior applications market
traction is also increasing creating opportunities

for ams optical and VCSEL solutions.

The ams industrial business performed in line with
muted expectations for full year 2020. Industrial
demand was impacted strongly by the eects of
the pandemic which reduced industrial investment
globally. The ams industrial business improved in
the third and fourth quarter compared to a weak
!rst half as demand trends showed recovery on a

regional basis. The ams business hi

s aleading posi -
tion in industrial and factory automation, HABA, in-
dustrial imaging and related markets. Last year, the
business bene!tted from its broad portfolio and

customer base as sensor-rich industrial IoT remains

a long-term driver. The ams busin a leader
in global shutter industrial imaging and machine
vision. ams image sensing expertise and IP help
drive ams 3D system capabilities for consumer and

industrial use.

OSRAM

The business segment OSRAM includes the
business of OSRAM which ams has been fully
consolidating from 9 July 2020 onwards given its
majority shareholding. The OSRAM business with

The ams medical business recorded an overall
positive performance in 2020 against the back -
drop of the Covid-19 pandemic. ams con!rmed its
leading position in medical imaging for computed
tomography (CT), digital X-ray, mammography
and miniature camera endoscopy. In 2020 the
business bene!tted from demand for CT scanners
for Covid-19 diagnostics. ams CT sensing solutions
o"er high diagnostic resolution at low radiation
doses and the ams business continues to be suc -
cessful in the expanding Asian market. Last year,
the ams medical business expanded into medical
lateral #ow testing (LFT), an established in vitro
diagnostics method for viruses, bacteria and other
biomarkers. Driven by Covid-19, ams introduced
a highly innovative LFT read-out solution which
uses spectral sensing to optically analyze LFT
results with high precision in an integrated test kit.
The unmatched technology enables fast robust
diagnostics at the point-of-care avoiding high cost
lab equipment. Production of a !rst LFT test kit for
Covid-19 antibody detection started in 2020 and
the ams business sees digital LFT solutions o"ering
future growth opportunities in the large in vitro
test market.

In operations for its ams business, ams ensured vol -
ume production across locations last year despite

the signi!cant challenges and restrictions resulting
from Covid-19. Focused on safety and supply chain
measures the ams business was able to ful!l cus -
tomer demand throughout the year and achieved
high production e$ciency and manufacturing

yields in spite of the pandemic.

its divisions Opto Semiconductors, Automotive
and Digital provided a signi!cant contribution to
the 2020 ams group !nancial results. OSRAM holds
a leading position in the light emitter market and

71
is additionally active in the areas visualization,
sensors and light-based treatments. OSRAM s
products !nd wide-ranging use in applications

for mobility, safety, connectivity as well as health
and well-being. OSRAM remained an independent
majority-owned listed subsidiary of ams through -

out 2020 and ams did not have direct operational

and !nancial control of OSRAM last year. Further
information on the development of the OSRAM
business is available in the !nancial reporting
publications of OSRAM. The OSRAM business was
established in accordance with the accounting
policies of ams.

2. Business Results

2.1 Development of Revenues

Consolidated group revenues for the !nancial

year 2020 increased by 86% to EUR"3,504 million
compared to EUR"1,885 million in 2019. This deve
lopment is mainly based on consolidation e#ects
due to the full consolidation of OSRAM Licht AG
(OSRAM segment) in the second half of the year,
following the successful acquisition in July 2020. In
addition, demand in the target market Consumer
(Consumer segment) developed very well (+16%),
with demand for ams solutions in the Automotive
and Industrial markets somewhat muted at the
same time due to a weaker demand environment
related to the Covid-19 pandemic. The revenue
increase in the company s Consumer business

was particularly driven by further deployment

display management, as well as the business

development of leading smartphone manufac -
tures using ams-solutions. At the same time, ams
Automotive, Industry and Medical busine:

were
able to contribute attractively against the backdrop
of a more subdued worldwide development of
demand. Segment Non-Consumer sales in 2019
included approximately EUR 70 million from former
business units in audio and environmental sensors,
which were eliminated due to deconsolidation in
2020. This change represents a signi!cant part of

the sales development of segment Non-Consumer

compared to the previous year.

The revenue distribution by markets is shown

of optical sensing solutions in 3D sensing and below:
high-quality (ambient) light sensors for advanced
in millions of EUR 2020  % of revenues 2019  % of revenues Change in %
Consumer 1,624 46% 1,398 74% +16%
Non-Consumer 302 9% 487 26% -37%
OSRAM 1,578 45% n/a n/a n/a
3,504 1,885

Revenue distribution by segment

OSRAM 45% 46 % Consumer

9%

Non-Consumer

73
74

The distribution of revenues by region does not
re!ect the demand situation in ams target markets
but the geographic billing location of the compa -
ny s customers. Business in the North and South
America region showed a signi" cant increase in
2020 compared to the previous year, in particular
due to the consolidation of the sales of the O9SRAM
group.

The expansion of the company s sales and distri -
bution network continued last year enabling the
addition of new customers and a higher market
presence in all regions. Based on this development,
ams expects all regions to continue to contribute

to the overall growth of the company.

The revenue breakdown by region (based on billing location) is shown below:

in millions of EUR 2020  % of revenues 2019 4% of revenues Change in %

EMEA 765 22% 316 17% +142%

Americas 521 15% 37 2% +1,304%

Asia / Paci" 2,218 63% 1,532 81% +45%
3,504 1,885

Revenue breakdown by region

Europe, Middle East,
Africa

22%

Asia / Paci"c 63 % 15% Americas

2.2 Earnings

Gross pro"t increased to EUR 1,035 million in 2020
compared to EUR 723 million in the previous year.

The company s full year gross margin excluding
acquisition-related amortization and share-based
compensations costs decreased to 33% compared

to 41% in 2019, gross margin including acquisi -
tion-related amortization and share-based com -
pensations costs also decreased to 30% compared
to 38% in the previous year. This decline is based in

particular on the full consolidation of the "nancial
results of OSRAM Licht AG in the 2nd half of 2020.
Research and development costs, as well as mar -

showed an increase in

keting and sales expenses
2020 compared to the previous year. This develop -
ment is mainly due to the acquisition and consol -
idation of the OSRAM Group. Extensive activiies
were also carried out in the area of product develop -
ment and optimization of the distribution network,
which caused a further increase in personnel costs.

Administrative costs were also higher compared
to the year before, whereby this increase was also
mainly due to one-time costs in connection with

the acquisition.

Based on the full consolidation of the !nancial re -
sults of OSRAM Licht AG in the second half of 2020
and the underlying negative operating result of

the segment OSRAM in this period, the operating
result (EBIT) (including acquisition-related, one-
time restructuring and share-based compensation

costs and results from investments in associates)
decreased by EUR 191 million to EUR 138 million.

Net result for 2020 decreased due to the e"ects
mentioned based on the OSRAM-consolidation as
well as signi!cant !nancing costs in the context

of the transaction to EUR -87 million compared
to EUR#300 million in 2019. The return on equity
decreased to -3% (2019: 18%), while the return on
revenues decreased by 19 percentage points to
-3% (2019: 16%).

in millions of EUR 2020 2019 Change in %
Gross pro!t on revenues 1,035 723 +43%
Gross margin (IFRS) 33% 41%
Gross margin (adjusted) 30% 38%
EBITDA 718 622 +15%
Operating result (EBIT, IFRS) 138 329 58%
EBIT margin (IFRS) 4% 17%
Operating result (EBIT, adjusted) 463 392
EBIT margin (adjusted) 13% 21%
Financial result -218 -13 -1,583%
Result before tax -80 316 -125%
Net result -87 300 -129%
Return on equity -3% 18%
Return on revenues -3% 16%

2.3 Assets and Financial Position

The balance sheet structure shows a high ratio of

!xed to total assets which is common in the sem -

iconductor industry, at the same time intangible
assets re$ect the acquisitions concluded during the
last years. The share of intangibles and property,

ssets increased

plant and equipment in the total
from 51% in 2019 to 60% in the reporting period
2020. This development is primarily due to the
OSRAM-acquisition, which increased total assets by
EUR 3,344 million.

The investments in !xed assets a"ecting cash

(capital expenditures) of EUR 177 million were
lower than the current depreciation and amortiza-
tion of EUR#580 million and amounted to 5% of full
year revenues (2019: 10%). The ratio of equity to
!xed a

ts decreased to 54% in 2020 compared to

75% in the previous year. This re$ects the reduced
investments in !xed assets as well as the increase

in equity compared to 2019.

75
In the past !scal year, the company acquired 71%
of OSRAM Licht AG as part of a strategic trans
action. Due to the corresponding transaction
!nancing, a capital increase was conducted and
long-term debt was raised in the form of senior
notes and a convertible bond. These transactions

are re"ected in the groups new !nancing structure.

The !xed assets include a deferred tax asset of
EUR#166 million (previous year: EUR 8.5 million).
Under the current tax legislation, this tax asset can
be carried forward inde!nitely but is expected to

be used to o$set pro!t taxes within the next !ve
years. The increase is due in particular to the acqui -
sition of the OSRAM-group and the corresponding
tax credits.

Inventories amounted to EUR 858 million at the
end of 2020 (2019: EUR 210 million). The signi!cant
increase can also be attributed to the OSRAM trans -

action and corresponding consolidation.

Trade receivables at balance sheet date increased

to EUR 621 million in the fourth quarter (2019:
EUR#202 million). Despite the absolute increase due
to consolidation of OSRAM the quality of receiva-
bles management was increased through conti -
nuous improvement measures.

Financial liabilities increased by EUR 1,221 million
to EUR#3,303 million from EUR#2,082 million in
2019, as a result of loans taken out as well as issued
senior notes and convertible bonds, in particular

for the closing of the OSRAM transaction. Con-
sequently, net debt increased to EUR#1,707#mil
lion in 2020 compared to a net debt position of
EUR#1,582#million in 2019. Group equity increased
by 79% to EUR 3,027 million due to the strategic
equity increase conducted.

Regarding !nancial instruments and changes in

equity we refer to the information in the notes.

in millions of EUR 2020. 2019 2020-2019
Assets Equity and liabilities

Inventories 858 210 Financial liabilities 3,303 2,082
Trade receivables 621 202 Trade liabilities 545 136
Other current assets 1,833 716 Other liabilities 2,436 364
Fixed assets 6,486 3,297 __ Provisions 651 162
Deferred tax asset 166 9 Shareholders equity 3,027 ‘1,690
Total assets 9,963 4,433 Total equity and liabilities 9,963 4,433

Given the higher level of equity, the company s
debt-to-equity ratio decreased to 109% compared

76

to 123% in the previous year. At the same time, the
equity ratio decreased to 30% (2019: 38%).

2020 2019

Equity ratio 30% 38%
Debt to equity ratio 109% 123%
Equity to !xed assets ratio 51% 75%
Net debt 1,707 1,582

These !gures are directly derived from the group !nancial statements.

2.4 Cash Flow

The operating cash "ow increased signi!cantly to

EUR 702 million in 2020 compared to EUR#646#mil
lion in the previous year. This increase resulted

from consolidation e$ects and the strong operat -
ing cash "ow of the ams business. The cash "ow

from investing activities was EUR -1,490 million
(2019: EUR -914 million) including EUR#-177 million
of expenditures for intangible assets, property,

plant and equipment (2019:#EUR#-182 million)

and EUR -920 million for acquisitions (2019:
EUR#-8. 1#million). Additionally the cash "ow from
investing activities was driven by the purchase of
shares of OSRAM Licht AG amounting to EUR#1,958

equivalents from OSRAM. Free cash "ow amount -
ed to EUR -788 million (2019: EUR#-269#million).
The company s available liquidity increased by
EUR#1,096 million to EUR 1,597 million at the end
of 2020. The cash "ow from !nancing activities
amounted to EUR 1,951 million in 2020 compared
to EUR 143 million in the previous year. In 2020,
EUR 1,649 million were raised through the capital
increase, EUR 1,241 million through the i
bonds, and EUR 753 million through a convertible
bond. These transactions served to !nance the

ance of

OSRAM acquisition and debt repayment of the
OSRAM groups !nancing liabilities in the amount

million (2019: EUR 777 million). In addition, ams of EUR 894 million.

has taken over EUR 614 million in cash and cash
in millions of EUR 2020 2019 Change in %
Operating cash "ow 702 646 49%
Cash “ow from investing activities -1,490 -914 -63%
Free cash "ow -788 -269 -193%
Cash "ow from !nancing activities 1,951 143 1,264%
ESects of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash and cash
equivalents “55 1 -5,818%
Cash and cash equivalents 1,597 500 219%

77
3. Research and Development

ams technological leadership in the design and
manufacture of high performance sensor solutions

is based on almost 40 years of intensive research
and development activities. In order to secure and
strengthen its leading position, the company makes
signi!cant investments in research and develop -
ment (R&D) on a continuous basis. Research and de -
velopment expenses amounted to EUR 423 million
last year, or 12% of revenues, compared to EUR"261
million in the previous year (14% of revenues).
These R&D activities have enabled ams growth

in recent years and are the basis of an extensive
product and design pipeline for the coming years.
The average number of employees in research and
development was 3,732 in 2020 (2019: 1,293).

ams R&D activities mainly encompass optical,
image and audio sensing technologies for the com -
pany s end markets Consumer, Automotive, Indus -
trial and Medical. Additionally, the development

of related software and algorithms has become

an integral part of ams R&D activities. Together,
these ongoing investments in R&D have allowed
ams to successfully position itself as a provider of
sensor solutions in contrast to single component

suppliers.

Recent product developments based on ams
R&D activities include behind-OLED lightsensing

78

solutions (BOLED), illumination solutions for

3D sensing applications in structured light (SL),
time-of-#ight (ToF) and active stereo vision (ASV),
high-power VCSEL emitters for LIDAR for auto
motive as well as medical Lateral-Flow-Tests (LFT)
for the diagnosis of viruses and bacteria based on
spectral sensing technology.

Focus areas in technology development include
advanced optical designs and micro-optics, high
power VCSEL emitters, optical coatings enabling
superior !Iter and light selectivity capabilities,
NIR and hyperspectral imaging sensors as well 3D
sensing system solutions.

ams R&D activities again allowed the !ling of a
large number of international patents and the
publication of numerous papers in international
specialist journals and at trade conferences last

year.

OSRAM is currently in transition from a lighting
manufacturer to a high-tech photonics company.
Intelligent sensor technology and digital technol -
ogies are the building blocks of future systems. In
this environment, OSRAM is active, for example
in the development of new optical sensors or in

the !eld of intelligent building services (Smart
Building).

4. Purchasing and Manufacturing

In purchasing, ams was able to reduce the cost of
raw materials and assembly services slightly last
year which had a positive e!ect on the gross pro"t
margin. However, given continously rising per -

sonnel costs, the cost pressures in manufacturing
remain high.

The production facilities in Singapore recorded in -
creased capacity utilization due to higher volumes
in the consumer segment and improved planning
for "scal year 2020. Due to weaker markets as

a result of the pandemic, Front-End-CMOS-Wa-
fer production of ams recorded a slightly lower
utilization in 2020 than in the previous year. Any
unabsorbed "xed costs have been recorded in the
income statement.

5. Employees

On average, ams had 30,031 employees in 2020
(2019: 8,811) of which 1,265 worked at the compa -
ny headquarters in Premstaetten (2019: 1,361). The
increase is largely due to the acquisition and con -
solidation of the OSRAM group and includes 21,220
employees, of which 2,439 new employees were
accounted in research and development, 15,733

new employees in production and the addition of
3,163 new employees in General and Administra -
tion. As of 31.12.2020, the ams group employed
29,753 employees (2019: 8,609).

ams recognizes its responsibility as an important
employer in the regions. As in previous years, the
company o!ered a wide range of internal and
external training and development opportunities

Gross margin excluding acquisition-related amor -
tization and share-based compensations costs
decreased to 33% compared to 41% in 2019, gross
margin including acquisition-related amortization
and share-based compensations costs decreased

as well to 30% from 39% in the previous year. This
negative development was mainly due to the

OSRAM- group acquisition.

Given the positive demand environment for its
products and solutions ams expects another year
of high capacity utilization for 2021.

for all employees last year and provided training
positions for apprentices.

ams attempts to retain its employees with the

help of a long-term remuneration model. A pro"t
sharing program for all ams employees augments

the existing employee stock option and incentive
programs by way of an attractive direct compo -
nent. The pro"t sharing program expresses ams
belief that the company s employees are its most
important success factor and honors every employ -
ees contribution to ams success.

Due to the development of earnings in the

previous year, in 2020 a pro"t-sharing bonus

was made in the amount of EUR 21 million

79
80

(2019:!EUR!@illion) was concluded. The prof -
it-sharing pay out depends on the pre-tax operat -
ing result in relation to annual sales (EBT margin).
The pay out of the pro"t-sharing program in 2021,
which is based on the 2020 "nancial year, will be
determined on the basis of earnings after tax.

6. Environment

Acting responsibly towards the environment is a
basic principle for ams in all business operations.
ams is dedicated to meeting the highest environ -
mental standards as well as using resources and
the environment conservatively. ams has therefore
been certi"ed to ISO!14001:2004 for a number of

years.

Sustainability as well as e#orts to preserve en -
vironmental resources and reduce energy costs
and carbon dioxide emi

ions are major concerns

for ams which have been supported by a range

Moreover, active internal communications as well
as regular employee events which form a company
tradition serve to ensure the employees identi" -

cation with the company.

of activities for many years. Based on a thorough
analysis of ams carbon dioxide emission sources
in 2009, measures to achieve further reductions in
carbon dioxide emissions are being de"ned each

subsequent year.

ams also submits information on its carbon dioxide
emissions to the Carbon Disclosure Project, a
global transparency initiative which has created
the world s largest freely available database of

corporate carbon dioxide emissions.

7. Subsidiaries and Branch Facilities

Currently ams owns subsidiaries distributed global -
ly. The existing ams business includes subsidiaries

in Switzerland, Italy, Germany, Slovenia, France, Be}
gium, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Spain,
Portugal, Sweden, the U.S., the Cayman Islands,

the Philippines, China, Japan, Korea, India, Taiwan,

Malaysia and Singapore. The subsidiaries in the
USA, Switzerland, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom,
Slovenia, Germany, Japan, Taiwan, Malaysia and
India carry out development, marketing and sales
activities, while the subsidiaries in France and Chi -
na are active in marketing and sales and technical
support. The subsidiary in the Philippines i

espon -
sible for production activities in testing, while the
subsidiary in Korea is responsible for sales and

assembly in the region. The subsidiary in Singapore
conducts production, marketing, sales andre -
search and development activities. Branch facilities
exist in Hong Kong, Singapore and Thailand.

At the end of 2020, the ams-group owns 71% of

the OSRAM Licht AG. OSRAM Licht AG is a globally
active company that manufactures light sources

and systems for special applications, semiconduc -
tor-based lighting products (LED) and professional
luminaires and solutions. In the previous year 2019,

the ams group held just under 20% in OSRAM Licht
AG and thus the investment became a fully consoli -
dated subsidiary in 2020.

In addition, the acquisition of the OSRAM-group
will result in the takeover of further subsidiaries
within the region North, Central and Latin America,

as well as in the Europe/Africa and Asia region.

Principal shareholdings: The investment in
NewScale Technologies, Inc., Victor, New York
(USA), amounts to 29.0%. NewScale Technologies
develops piezo-based miniature motor techno -
logies and licenses products and technologies to
industrial partners.

The investment in 7Sensing Software NV, Leuven,

Belgium, amounts to 30.0%. 7Sensing Software NV

develops software-solutions for 3D Sensing, which
are applicable in the consumer business.

In 2019, ams acquired 49.0% of Jinan Smart

Sensing Sensor Co, Ltd, Shanghai (CHN). In 2020,

a further of 45.22% of Sciosense Holding B.V was
acquired in the Netherlands. The Sciosense Holding
B.V. is a direct subsidiary of the Jinan Smart Sensing
Sensor Co. Ltd. Jinan Smart Sensing Sensor Co, Ltd.
is a holding for a future leading global supplier of
high-performance CMOS imaging systems and a
pioneer in the video surveillance industry.

In 2020, through the acquisition of OSRAM, its ma-
jor shareholdings were also acquired. These include
the following:

Name of the holding Seat of the company Ownership shares

‘Tvilight B.V. Netherlands 47.5%
agrilution GmbH Germany 18.7%
GoodIP GmbH Germany 10.0%
Blickfeld GmbH Germany 12.5%
iThera Medical GmbH Germany 9.2%
VividQ Limited Great Britain 10.6%
LAMP NOOR (PJ.S.) Co. Tran 20.0%

beaconsmind AG

Switzerland

Motorleaf Inc.

Canada

LeddarTech Inc.

Canada

81
82

8. Risk Management

In the scope of its global activities, the ams Group
is exposed to a variety of risks that are inseparably
linked to business activities. ams has developed
and implemented e!ective internal risk control
systems for timely identi"cation, assessment

and countermeasures. These risk control systems
were implemented together with the company s
external consultants and are based on best practice
examples. As part of the internal risk management
process, risks are continuously monitored and
evaluated by the operating units and regularly re -
ported to the Management Board and Supervisory

Board in a risk report. This ensures identi"cation of
Operational Risk

If the company fails to advance innovation through
research and development or if there are delays in
the introduction of new technologies to the mar -
ket, this may have a negative impact on the future
growth and competitiveness of the ams Group.
End-market demand for technologically advanced
consumer products that use sensor technologies or
optical solutions is cyclical and sometimes volatile,
which can have a corresponding impact onde -
mand for high-quality sensor solutions. Especially

Business Interruption Risk

The continuous maintenance and renewal process
ensures the ongoing operation of the manufac -
turing facilities in Europe and Asia. For this reason,
the risk of operational interruptions or longer
production shutdowns is constantly minimized. In
addition, the mentioned risks are further reduced
by preventive maintenance measures. The business
interruption risk is also insured for new price and
loss of pro"t for 18 months. FM Global, the insurer
of ams, has certi"ed the company as one of a few

signi"cant risks at an early stage so that appropri -
ate measures can be taken.

Internal auditing complements the risk manage -
ment process. In close cooperation with the Audit
Committee of the Supervisory Board, it pursues the
goal of analyzing internal processes and suggest -

ing improvements where necessary.

The risk management of OSRAM in conducted
independently by its management. Information
on this can be found in the management report of
OSRAM.

in the context of the Covid-19 pandemic, both
demand and supply of direct and indirect materi -
als, services and sta! availability are continuously
dynamic and thus di#cult to estimate. In addition,
the pandemic represents a threat to individual
health as much as to the real and "nancial econo -
my. An interdisciplinary task force in cooperation
with the works council coordinates activities to

mitigate this risk at the ams Group.

semiconductor manufacturers as HPR (highly pro -
tected risk). An interdisciplinary team is dedicated
to the prevention of business interruptions and

the development of clear structures and emer -
gency plans to protect its employees and business

interests in the case of a crisis (e.g. cyberattack) and
to quickly restore operations. In addition, there is
a cyber-insurance for such threats, which covers

damages from a cyber-attack.

Cyber & Data Security Risk

Due to the advancing digitalization as well as
increasing home o!ce activities of employees,

the risk in terms of cyber and data protection has
increased continually in recent years. To counter
these risks, ams has appointed both a CISO (Corpo -
rate Information Security O!cer) and a DPO (Data
Protection O!cer). The Board of Directors receives
regular updates from the CISO and DPO on key
issues and progress. In the area of information
security (information security + cybersecurity), ams
follows the ISO027001 standard. In the area of data

security, an independent Data Protection Board is
Financial Risks

Risk management is conducted by the central
treasury department in accordance with the
guidelines adopted by the Executive Board and
the Supervisory Board of the Company. These
detailed internal guidelines regulate responsibility
and action parameters for the areas concerned.
The Treasury department assesses and hedges
"nancial risks in close cooperation with the
operating business units. The issued debt "nancing

Receivables and Credit Risk

ams pursues a strict credit policy. The creditwor -
thiness of existing customers is reviewed on an

ongoing basis, and new customers are subjected

to a credit assessment. In accordance with ams

treasury and risk management policy, investments

in place, which is responsible for data security in -
quiries and data security improvements for the ams
sites worldwide and, among other things, prepares
mandatory data protection trainings for employees.
The Data Protection Board consists of representa -
tives from several departments. The manage ment
of the various active security solutions (including
"rewalls, anti-virus, SIEM, cloud proxy) is provided
by an external IT partner that is IS027001 certi"ed.
In addition, ams is regularly audited by customers
in the area of cyber & data security.

in connection with the acquisition of the OSRAM
Group has increased the "nancing risk as well as
the pressure to meet expectations regarding future
strong "nancial performance referring to cash gen
eration. With continuously long-term and liquidity
planning, future reorganizations in combination
with synergy e#ects from the integration of the
OSRAM Group, the future "nancial success of the
ams Group should be secured.

in liquid stocks and transactions in derivative "nan
cial instruments are only carried out with "nancial

institutions that have a high credit rating. There

was no signi"cant concentration of credit risk as of
the balance sheet date.

83
Interest Rate Risk

Interest rate risk - the potential !uctuation in the
value of "nancial instruments due to changes in
market interest rates or changes in future cash
!ows - arises in connection with medium- and

long-term receivables and liabilities (in particular

loan liabil In accordance with ams treasury
policy, attention is paid to reduce part of the in -
terest rate risk by "xed-rate debt "nancing. On the

liabilities side, 95% of all loan liabilities are "xed-
Foreign Exchange Risk

Financial transactions in the semiconductor$indus -
try are primarily conducted in U.S. dollars. Ongoing

monitoring of all transaction and conversion
Within

the Group, cash !ows in the same currency are

risks is conducted to hedge currency ris

o#set against each other (netting). Exchange rate
Product Liability and Quality Risk

The products manufactured by ams are integrated
into complex electronic systems. Defects or func -
tional de"ciencies of products manufactured by
ams may directly or indirectly a#ect the property,
health or life of third parties. The Company is not
able to reduce or exclude its liability to consumers
or third parties in sales contracts. Every product
that leaves the company goes through several

quali"ed controls in terms of quality and function.
Patent Infringement Risk

ams produces complex ICs using a wide variety
of process technologies, structure widths and by
using a wide variety of production equipment.
Comparable to its competitors, the company must
constantly develop these technologies. Should ams
infringe any patents despite consistent adherence

84

interest. Of the remaining variable rate loans, which
relect 5% of total loans, 85% will be paid o# over
the next two years. The remaining !oating-rate

loans are subject to permanent monitoring with
regard to interest rate risk. On the assets side, inter -
est rate risks exist primarily for time deposits that
are linked to the market interest rate. The opposite
asset- and liability-side positions naturally reduce
the overall exposure.

!uctuations on transactions in foreign currencies

relate primarily to U.S. dollars. From ams point of
view, the current extremely volatile currency en -
vironment is not suitable for e%cient and low-risk

exchange rate hedging in economic terms.

Despite quality control systems certi"ed to ISO/

TS 16949, ISO/TS 13485, ISO 9001 and ISO 14001,
product defects can occur and may not become
apparent until after the "nal products are installed
and in use. Although this risk is adequately insured,
there may be a negative impact on ams net assets,
"nancial position and results of operations in the
case of quality problems.

to patent-protected processes, manufacturing

sequences and design blocks and related extensive
licensing, this could have a negative impact on the
company s net assets, "nancial position and results

of operations as well as on the ams share price.

Market Risk

ams operates in a high-technology industry where
short product life cycles meet constant innovation.
Disruptive technologies that reach market maturity
within a short period of time and were not co-
developed by ams or for which the technological
process competences are missing can lead to a rapid
decline in market share in the a!ected division. The
internal market monitoring system identi"es trends
at an early stage, evaluates them and tries to distin -

Transformation Risk

A signi"cant risk aris

s indirectly from the on -
going integration project of the OSRAM Group.
For the combined group, the OSRAM acquisition
represents a transformative transaction where
integration and restructuring initiatives may
impact capacity and resources. This risk is tried to
be minimized by the support of external consult -

ants as well as a specially set up integration and

guish them from in#ationary expectations (hypes).
Technological competences required in the future
are included at an early stage in the technology
roadmap, which is an integral part of medium- to
long-term strategic planning. The regular coordi -
sions and

nation process between the Product Divi
Research & Development ensures that current and
future market priorities are covered by in-house
developments and the purchase of technologies.

project management. In addition, the leave of key
employees (brain drain) due to excessive workload
or uncertainties based on corporate changes can
have a long-term impact on transformation and
integration. This risk is countered by an open com -
munication policy and the creation of an attractive
future perspective as a global, leading semicon -

ductor company based in Europe.

9. Events after the Balance Sheet Date

No signi"cant events were identi"ed after the balance sheet date.

10. Outlook

Signi" cant uncertainties about the development

of the global economy, private consumption and
worldwide industrial production prevail for the
current year as the further evolution and impact
of the Covid-19 pandemic on the macro-economic

environment remains unclear. ams is therefore

subject to potential end market volatility, customer
performance that may be di$cult to anticipate,

and potential unforeseen changes in demand
trends and semiconductor industry dynamics.

At the same time, ams

sees itself very well po -
sitioned in its markets based on the expected
introduction of new solutions for attractive sensing
applications, high volume shipments to a global
customer b;

, and planned production ramps

of various design-wins. Following the e!ective
implementation of the domination and pro"t and
loss transfer agreement between ams and OSRAM,
ams also expects to record signi" cant positive mid-
and longer-term business and "nancial e!ects from
the planned full integration of ams and OSRAM.

85
86

ams plans to begin the integration of the ams and
OSRAM business immediately after the DPLTA be
comes elective. ams expects considerable "nancial
expenses for 2021 resulting from the implemen -
tation of integration-related measures based on
current information. Beyond that ams expects its
business to show a further pro"table development
in 2021 on the basis of a current assessment of end
market dynamics and the global macro-economic
environment.

However, should global semiconductor demand
and the macro-economic environment develop
unfavourably in 2021 and/or the USD show notable
weakness, ams would experience a meaningful
impact on the development of its business and
earnings on a consolidated basis including the
OSRAM business.

Consistent with its growth strategy, ams pursues a
global leadership position in its strategic focus area

of optical solutions through the expected integra -
tion of ams and OSRAM. The unchanged mid-term
priorities for ams on a consolidated basis are ex -
panding the company s business with key accounts
worldwide and a further pro"table penetration

of its global end markets and customer base. ams
leverages its market-leading expertise in sensor
solutions, optical and light emission technologies
driving innovation and the introduction of new
solutions. The expected full integration of the ams
and OSRAM businesses will create a broader range
of growth opportunities in automotive, consumer,
industrial and medical applications for the com -
bined company.

Consequently, ams expects to bene"t from the
adoption of upcoming optical applications and
advanced sensor technologies in the automotive,
consumer, and industrial and medical markets.

11. Other Information

Regarding information concerning equity and investments please refer to the notes of the !nancial

statements.

Premstaetten, February 25, 2021

ams AG, Premstaetten

a

Alexander Everke Ingo Bank
Chairman of the Member of the
Management Board Management Board

CEO CFO

Dr. Thomas Stockmeier Mark Hamersma
Member of the Member of the
Management Board Management Board
CTO CBO

87
