

--- Page 1 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

2.1 Strategy

Our asset swap with E.ON has turned us into one of the world’s leading renewable
energy companies. We are now an all-rounder in electricity generation at the forefront
of creating a sustainable energy system. In addition, we will ensure security of supply
with our flexible power plants. RWE aims to become carbon neutral by 2040. To this end,
we will invest billions in wind energy, photovoltaics and storage technologies, enter the
green hydrogen production business, and phase out electricity generation from coal.
In doing so, we are playing our part in achieving the Paris climate goals, as officially
confirmed by the independent Science Based Targets Initiative at the end of 2020.

Transformation into a specialist in sustainable power generation and energy trading.
Our company has changed fundamentally over the last few years. In the past, RWE was an
integrated utility, which was active along the entire energy value chain. Now, we are a
company specialising in power production and energy trading that wants to drive the
transformation of the energy sector, aiming for more sustainability. Our goal is carbon-
neutral electricity supply that is both secure and affordable.

The road to the new RWE began in 2016 when we pooled the Renewables, Retail and

Grid & Infrastructure divisions in a subsidiary called innogy and took it to the stock market.
One-and-a-half years later, in early 2018, we agreed an extensive asset swap with E.ON,
which was implemented in two steps. First, we sold our 76.8 % investment in innogy in
September 2019 and in return received E.ON’s renewable energy business, a 16.67 % stake
in E.ON, and the minority interests in our nuclear power stations Gundremmingen (25%) and
Emsland (12.5 %) held by the E.ON subsidiary PreussenElektra. The second step was taken in
mid-2020 and involved transferring certain innogy operations back to RWE in legal terms:
the renewable energy business, the German and Czech gas storage facilities, and a 37.9%
stake in the Austrian energy utility KELAG. Now we are focusing on the integration of the
acquired business with more than 4,000 employees into the RWE organisation.

22

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

New segment structure introduced in 2020. In our financial reporting for 2020, we
present the RWE Group in a new structure. We no longer state ‘innogy - continuing
operations and ‘acquired E.ON operations’ separately as they have become integral parts of
the RWE Group. Our main business, electricity generation, is now broken down by energy
source, whereas energy trading is still presented separately. This results in the following five
segments: (1) Offshore Wind, (2) Onshore Wind/ Solar, (3) Hydro/ Biomass /Gas,

(4) Supply & Trading and (5) Coal / Nuclear. Segments (1) to (4) represent our core business.
This is where we want to grow. In (5), we have pooled our German electricity generation from
lignite, hard coal and nuclear fuel, which will lose importance due to exit roadmaps.
established by the state. Figures for 2019 have been adapted to the new segment structure
retroactively to enable comparability.

The segments are made up of the following activities:

+ Offshore Wind: Our business involving offshore wind is subsumed here. It is overseen by
our Group company RWE Renewables.

+ Onshore Wind / Solar: This is the segment in which we pool our onshore wind, solar power
and battery storage activities. Here again, operating responsibility lies with
RWE Renewables.

+ Hydro/Biomass/Gas: This segment encompasses our run-of-river, pumped storage,
biomass and gas power stations. It also includes the Dutch Amer 9 and Eemshaven hard
coal power plants, which we are increasingly co-firing with biomass, as well as the project
management and engineering services specialist RWE Technology International. These
activities are overseen by RWE Generation. In addition, this company has been
responsible for the design and implementation of RWE's hydrogen strategy since the
beginning of 2021. The 37.9% stake in the Austrian energy utility KELAG previously held
by innogy is also assigned to Hydro / Biomass /Gas.


--- Page 2 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

+ Supply & Trading: This is where we report proprietary trading of energy commodities. The
segment is managed by RWE Supply & Trading, which also acts as an intermediary for gas,
supplies key accounts with energy, and undertakes a number of additional trading-related
activities. The German and Czech gas storage facilities which we received from innogy
also form part of this segment.

+ Coal/Nuclear: Our German electricity generation from lignite, hard coal, and nuclear fuel
as well as our lignite production in the Rhenish mining region to the west of Cologne are
subsumed in this segment. This is also where we report our investments in Dutch nuclear
power plant operator EPZ (30%) and Germany-based URANIT (50%), which holds a 33%
stake in uranium enrichment specialist Urenco. The aforementioned activities and
investments are assigned to our Group companies RWE Power (lignite and nuclear) and
RWE Generation (hard coal).

Group companies with cross-segment tasks such as the Group holding company RWE AG
are stated as part of the core business under ‘other, consolidation’ This also applies to our
stakes of 25.1% in German transmission system operator Amprion and 15% in E.ON.
However, we recognise the dividends we receive from E.ON in the financial result.
Furthermore, ‘other, consolidation’ contains consolidation effects.

Our goal by 2040: RWE will become carbon neutral. As one of the world’s leading energy
companies, we shoulder special responsibility for the implementation of the emission
reduction targets in the energy sector. The European Union aims to be carbon neutral by
2050. Our objective is to achieve the same goal by 2040, and we have already made good
progress on this path. We reduced our annual carbon dioxide emissions from electricity
production by 62% from 2012 to 2020. By 2030, we plan to have lowered them by at
least 75 %. The phaseout of electricity generation from coal will play a central role. Further

23

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

elements of our emissions reduction strategy are the rapid expansion of zero-carbon
renewable energy, increased utilisation of storage technologies and the use of carbon-
neutral fuel to produce electricity. In doing so, we are acting in line with the Paris climate
goals, as recently confirmed by the Transition Pathway Initiative and the Science Based
Targets initiative. Our brand appearance demonstrates how seriously we take our
environmental responsibility. RWE’s new purpose, ‘Our energy for a sustainable life’ is an
expression of the determination of the Group and its approximately 20,000 employees to
ensure a sustainable energy system.

The new RWE: a world leading renewable energy company. The transaction with E.ON has
turned us into a world-leading producer of electricity from renewable sources. We want to
expand this business rapidly. By the end of 2020, we already had renewable energy assets
with a total capacity of 10.8 GW, with 9.2 GW attributable to wind and 0.2 GW to
photovoltaics. These figures reflect the generation capacity allocable to us on a prorated
basis, i.e. in accordance with the stakes that we hold. In addition to existing assets, we have
awide portfolio of growth projects in various stages of development. Here again, the focus is
on wind, followed by solar PV. On top of being environmentally friendly, renewable energy
also enables stable and attractive returns. Electricity production from renewables is clearly
already our strongest income generator. In the past fiscal year, it already accounted for
about half of our adjusted EBITDA.

Fast growth in wind and solar power. We want to grow our wind and solar capacity to over
13 GW (pro-rata) by the end of 2022. We plan to make over €1.5 billion in net investments

to this end every year. Reinvesting proceeds from sales of investments will actually cause the
gross expenditure to be much higher. In August 2020, we expanded our financial headroom

by increasing our capital by €2 billion.


--- Page 3 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

Whenever we tackle wind or solar projects, we want to cover the entire value chain from
development to construction and operation. Geographically, we are focusing on markets in
Europe, North America and the Asia-Pacific region. As of the balance-sheet date, our largest
construction project was the UK North Sea wind farm Triton Knoll with a total installed
capacity of 857 MW, which is scheduled to have taken all its turbines online by 2022. We are
also building huge onshore wind farms, e.g. Nysdter in Sweden with a capacity of 475 MW,
which is expected to be completed in 2021. Moreover, we want to commission our
Limondale solar farm in New South Wales, Australia, this year, too. With an installed capacity
of 249 MW, it will be one of the most powerful installations of its kind in the country.

Thanks to our sizeable project pipeline, we firmly believe that we will make good progress in
the expansion of renewable energy over the long term. One advantage in this respect in
addition to the project experience and technical expertise of our teams is RWE’s established
position in core markets such as Germany, the United Kingdom and the USA. Existing
production sites provide points of entry and synergistic potential for new build projects. For
instance, last year we concluded agreements for lease which allow us to utilise areas in the
immediate vicinity of four existing UK offshore wind farms to develop expansion projects.
However, we also intend to grow in new markets. In 2020, we acquired a large number of
onshore wind projects from Nordex in France, a country with attractive subsidy conditions in
which we were hardly present before. Furthermore, we are preparing to enter the Japanese,
Taiwanese and South Korean markets where we want to implement offshore wind projects
together with local partners.

High-capacity storage: prerequisite for 100% electricity generation from renewables.
Electricity generation from wind and solar power greatly depends on the weather, time of
day and season. Sometimes, power produced from renewable sources only covers a
fraction of demand, and at other times, it exceeds local needs to such an extent that
production actually has to be throttled. Consequently, storage technologies are increasingly
coming to the fore as renewable energy continues to be expanded. They usually do not yet

24

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

meet the technical and economic requirements for securing supply in the long term. But we
are working on changing the situation. RWE has been involved in the development,
construction and operation of battery storage systems for several years now. We operate
such a unit in the town of Herdecke in the Ruhr area with a storage capacity of 7 MWh,
making it one of the biggest in Germany. We are rolling out our largest battery project to
date in Hickory Park, which is located in the south of the US state of Georgia. The site will be
home to a 196 MW solar farm coupled to an 80 MWh battery storage system. This
combination will enable electricity feeds into the local grid to be optimised, significantly
improving the solar array’s yield. We want to launch further projects of this type.
Concurrently, we are exploring innovative electrochemical storage methods. We have
presented two research and development undertakings dedicated to this goal on page 32.
Besides electrochemical storage, power-to-gas technologies can also make a substantial
contribution to security of supply. They use electricity generated by carbon-neutral methods
to produce hydrogen by electrolysis, which can later be used to generate electricity when
needed.

Carbon-neutral processes: a target for all sectors. Reducing emissions in the electricity
sector - as intended by the EU - is not the end of the road to achieving carbon neutrality.
Three quarters of European demand for energy is still being met with oil, coal and gas. But
that is set to change. Electrification, in other words switching energy consumption to
electricity produced by carbon-neutral methods, e.g. the use of heat pumps instead of oil
and gas heating systems, also enables significant emission reductions in the manufacturing,
heat and transportation sectors. Further advantages of electrification include boosting
efficiency. For example, an electric vehicle is capable of using about 95 % of available
energy, compared to the mere 30% achieved by internal combustion engines. And the
higher efficiency of electricity-based applications drives down the energy requirement. By
contrast, demand for electricity generated by zero-carbon techniques - our most important
product - will increase steadily as electrification progresses.


--- Page 4 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

Hydrogen: integral component of the energy transition. The economy can only be
decarbonised completely if solutions are also found for applications where direct
electrification is not an option. Examples of this are the production of steel and fertilisers as
well as aviation and shipping. In the near future, these areas offer the greatest potential for
utilising hydrogen produced by zero-carbon methods. RWE intends to spur the expansion of
the hydrogen economy, especially in Germany, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom.
In pursuit of this goal, we will work along the entire value chain, from green electricity
generation and hydrogen production by electrolysis to hydrogen trading and storage and
the conclusion of commercially optimised supply agreements with major industrial
customers. In the last two years, we have forged numerous partnerships with businesses
and research institutes seeking to co-operate with us to create nationwide hydrogen
infrastructure. Examples of this are the German GET H2 and AquaVentus initiatives and the

Dutch Eemshydrogen and NortH2 ventures, on which we report in detail on pages 31 et seq.

Further information on this topic can be found at www.rwe.com/hydrogen.

Conventional electricity generation: growing significance of gas as a source of energy.
Building the storage infrastructure required for a nationwide supply of green electricity is a
task that will take decades, not years to accomplish. Therefore, power stations capable of
offsetting fluctuating wind and solar power production will remain necessary for the
foreseeable future. With our conventional generation capacity, we are making an
indispensable contribution to the reliable and tailored supply of electricity in our core
markets Germany, the Benelux region, and the United Kingdom. Our gas-fired power
stations, most of which are state-of-the-art, are especially well suited to partner with
renewable energy because they emit little carbon dioxide and can react quickly to load
fluctuations in the grid. Another advantage of gas-fired power stations is that they can be
retrofitted to run on zero-carbon fuel, e.g. green hydrogen.

In terms of generation capacity, gas is already our main conventional source of energy, and
its share of our power plant portfolio is expected to increase further. Currently, however, new
builds are usually uneconomical, unless they receive guaranteed payments under the
German Combined Heat and Power Act or as a result of invitations to tender from the

25

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

network operators. Only recently, in November 2020, did we qualify in such an auction

for the construction of a 300 MW grid stabilisation unit at the Biblis site. We are also
considering buying existing gas-fired power stations. For instance, we acquired the 382 MW.
King's Lynn station in the east of England in early 2020.

Conversely, coal and nuclear power stations will increasingly lose importance within our
generation portfolio. In Germany, nuclear energy is subject to a phaseout roadmap, which
stipulates a latest possible shutdown date for every single plant. Two RWE nuclear power
stations are still online: Gundremmingen C and Emsland. We have permission to operate
these assets until the end of 2021 and the end of 2022, respectively, after which we will
shut them down. Thereafter, our nuclear operations will focus on dismantling our stations
safely and efficiently. ln addition, we are doing everything we can to ensure the continued
use of the nuclear power plant sites, as demonstrated by the aforementioned grid
stabilisation system in Biblis.

The option of using coal as a source of energy will also vanish in the foreseeable future. All
relevant RWE core markets have firm legal exit dates. The United Kingdom has set its sights on
the earliest exit year, which is 2024. Aberthaw B, the last RWE hard coal-fired power plant in
operation there, was shut down early in March 2020.

In the Netherlands it will be forbidden to generate electricity from coal from 2029 onwards.
For older assets, the ban comes into effect five years earlier. This has grave consequences
for our Amer 9 (631 MW) and Eemshaven (1,580 MW) power plants, which were initially
designed to run on hard coal only. Thanks to the state's support, we co-fire biomass in both
these stations now. By the end of last year, this fuel accounted for 80% of generated
capacity in Amer 9 and 15% in Eemshaven. To continue operating the stations, we would
have to increase these shares to 100% by the end of 2024 at Amer 9 and 2029 at
Eemshaven. This is possible technically, but so far state subsidies have only covered the
additional cost of achieved levels of biomass co-firing, amounting to 80% and 15% for the
two stations, respectively. To date, there have been no prospects of an increase in these
funds.


--- Page 5 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

In Germany, in mid-2020 the Lower and Upper Houses of Parliament passed the Coal
Phaseout Act, on which we report in detail on pages 37 et seq. The new law envisages
gradually switching off all of the country's coal power plants by 2038. The Act contains a
detailed exit roadmap for Germany's lignite-fired power stations, whereas shutdowns of
hard coal power plants will be decided via auctions. In the first few years, all the lignite
capacity reductions will be implemented by RWE. At the end of 2020, we shut down the first
300 MW unit in the Rhenish lignite mining region. We will take a further 2.5 GW of generation
capacity offline in 2021/2022, and just operate our three state-of-the-art 1,000 MW
blocks from 2030 onwards. Subject to approval from the European Commission, the
German government will pay us €2.6 billion in compensation for our early exit from lignite.
However, the financial burden we will actually incur is much higher than this. We nevertheless
believe the Coal Phaseout Act is acceptable, as it provides planning certainty for our lignite
business.

To further limit our exposure to economic risks in coal-fired power generation and make
faster progress en route to becoming carbon neutral, we entered the Ibbenbiren B and
Westfalen E power stations in the first hard coal shutdown auction held by the German
Network Agency (see page 44). Both stations won a remuneration contract and stopped
operating at the end of 2020. On condition that the German Network Agency approves the
closure of the two power plants, we will not produce electricity from hard coal in Germany
any longer.

The coal phaseout poses major social and operational challenges, mainly relating to our
lignite business. For example, we have to end our opencast mining activities in Hambach
early, while maintaining Hambach Forest, which will be extremely expensive. Furthermore, we
are forced to implement major layoffs. The state will provide subsidies for the affected
employees, including an adjustment allowance. However, we will also pay for some of the
redundancy measures ourselves. The Rhenish lignite mining area will be subjected to

26

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

fundamental structural change. We intend to play our part in shaping this change and help
to ensure that the energy industry continues to have a major role in the region. Some
recultivation land is very well suited for the expansion of renewable energy. Three RWE wind
farms are already located there. We also intend to continue developing our power plant
sites. For example, there are plans to build an innovation, technology and commercial park
in Frimmersdorf and the surrounding area. At the Weisweiler site, within the scope of an EU
project, we are looking into the possibility of capturing geothermal heat, which could be fed
into the district heating network of the greater Aachen area. In addition, we will thoroughly
explore Power-to-Gas technology at the Niederaussem Innovation Centre. Since 2013,
our research and development activities at the Centre have involved producing fuel and
feedstock for the chemical industry from hydrogen and carbon dioxide obtained by
electrolysis.

Supply & Trading: commercial hub for the generation business. Energy trading is part of
RWE's core business. It forms the economic link between the elements of our value chain,
the regional markets and the various energy commodities. It is overseen by the Group
company RWE Supply & Trading, which focuses on trading electricity, gas, coal, oil,
biomass, and CO> certificates. RWE Supply & Trading mainly conducts these activities from
Europe as well as via subsidiaries in New York, Singapore, Beijing and Tokyo. Another of the
Group company’s activities consists of marketing the electricity from RWE power stations
and procuring the fuel and emission allowances required to produce it. The objective here is
to limit price risks. On top of that, RWE Supply & Trading is in charge of the commercial
optimisation of our power plant dispatch, the earnings of which go to our generation
companies. Companies outside of the RWE Group can also benefit from the expertise of our
trading business. They are offered a wide range of products and services, running the gamut
from traditional energy supply contracts and comprehensive energy management solutions
to sophisticated risk management concepts.


--- Page 6 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

Intermediary trading and storage of gas harbour additional earnings potential. Another
string to RWE Supply & Trading’s bow is the gas business. This is an area in which the
company aims to establish itself as a leading European intermediary. The company already
supplies gas to numerous companies inside and outside of the RWE Group. To this end, it
enters into long-term supply agreements with producers, organises gas transportation by
booking pipelines and optimises the timing of deliveries using leased gas storage facilities.
The greater the size and diversification of the procurement and supply portfolios, the
greater the chances to commercially optimise them. RWE Supply & Trading also concludes
transactions involving liquefied natural gas (LNG). The main objective is to take advantage
of differences in price between regional gas markets which are not connected via pipelines.

As part of the asset swap with E.ON, we received the gas storage facilities of our former
subsidiary innogy: five in Germany with a total capacity of 1.6 billion cubic metres and six in
the Czech Republic with a volume of 2.7 billion cubic metres. We report income from the
management of these assets in the Supply & Trading segment. For regulatory reasons, we
have to keep the storage business legally independent of our gas trading and gas sales
activities. The owners and operators of these storage facilities are the Group companies
RWE Gas Storage West and RWE Gas Storage CZ, which offer their market participants
storage services at reasonable non-discriminatory conditions. Their customers use the
storage to profit from sudden and seasonal changes in gas prices. However, only small
margins can currently be achieved in the storage business. This holds true especially for the
German market, which is characterised by excess capacity. However, we are confident that
the need for storage and achievable margins will rise over the medium term, in part due to
increasing demand for power plant gas. The use of our facilities to store hydrogen offers
additional earnings potential in the long run.

27

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Attractive investment portfolio increases financial strength. RWE’s business operations
are supplemented by a portfolio of investments in energy companies, which we believe will
be a reliable source of substantial income. These are primarily the stakes in Amprion
(25.1%), KELAG (37.9%) and E.ON (15%). Our interest in E.ON is solely of financial
importance to us. We are currently using this investment and our claim for compensation for
the early exit from lignite against the federal government to fund the mining provisions.
Conversely, we have strategic goals in respect of our stake in KELAG. RWE and KELAG's
co-shareholder, the Austrian state of Carinthia, have a partnership aiming, among other
things, to strengthen the company’s role as a centre of excellence for run-of-river power
stations.

RWE AG’s management system. Ensuring sustainable growth in shareholder value is at the
heart of our business policy. To manage the Group's activities, RWE AG deploys a groupwide
planning and controlling system, which ensures that resources are used efficiently,

and provides timely, detailed insight into the current and prospective development of

the company’s assets, financial position and net earnings. Based on the targets set by

the Executive Board and management's expectations regarding the development of

the business, once a year we formulate our medium-term plan, in which we forecast the
development of key financial indicators. This plan contains the budget figures for the
following fiscal year and planned figures for the years thereafter. The Executive Board
submits the plan to the Supervisory Board, which reviews and approves it. During the fiscal
year, we produce internal forecasts based on the budget. The Executive Boards of RWE AG
and the main operating companies meet regularly to analyse the interim and annual
financial statements and update the forecasts. In the event that the forecast figures deviate
significantly from the budget figures, the underlying reasons are analysed and
countermeasures are taken if necessary. We also immediately notify the capital market

if published forecasts need to be modified.


--- Page 7 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

Major key performance indicators used in managing our business are adjusted EBITDA,
adjusted EBIT, adjusted net income, capital expenditure, and net debt. EBITDA is defined as
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation. In order to improve its
explanatory power in relation to the development of ordinary activities, we remove non-
operating or aperiodic effects: capital gains or losses, temporary effects from the fair
valuation of derivatives, impairments and other material special items that are shown in
the non-operating result. Subtracting operating depreciation and amortisation from
adjusted EBITDA yields adjusted EBIT. Adjusted net income is another key operating indicator
for us. We arrive at this figure by correcting net income to exclude the non-operating result,
income from discontinued operations as well as material special items in the financial result
and in the income attributable to non-controlling interests. In addition, instead of the actual
tax rate, which reflects one-off effects, we apply a rate of 15 %, which is oriented towards the
expected average tax burden of the coming years.

We primarily use the internal rate of return for evaluating the attractiveness of investment
projects. The Group's financial position is analysed using cash flows from operating
activities, amongst other things. We also attach special importance to the development of
free cash flow. It is the result of deducting capital expenditure from cash flows from
operating activities and adding proceeds from divestments and asset disposals to them.
Net debt is another indicator of RWE’s financial strength. It is calculated by adding
provisions for pensions and similar obligations, for nuclear waste management, and for the
dismantling of wind farms to RWE's net financial position. Conversely, provisions for mining
damage and the financial assets used to cover them are disregarded. In managing our
indebtedness, we orientate ourselves towards the leverage factor, the ratio of net debt to
adjusted EBITDA in our core business.

28

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Sustainability management - more than just reducing emissions. We can only succeed
over the long term if we ensure society's acceptance by embracing our corporate
responsibility (CR). General consensus equates this with matters relating to the environment,
society and governance (ESG), meaning that CR goes far beyond the reduction of
greenhouse gas emissions. To optimise our assessment of the expectations which society
has of us, we constantly seek to engage in dialogue with stakeholder groups. These are
primarily shareholders, financial partners, employees, politicians, associations, non-
government organisations and civic initiatives. The stimulus we receive by interacting with
our stakeholders helps us to determine the focal points of our ESG activities. Matters of
great importance to us in addition to reducing our emissions include the health of our staff,
biodiversity at our sites, the diversity of our workforce and the attractiveness of RWE as an
employer. We set ourselves specific goals in respect of numerous such issues, measure the
degree to which we achieve them using KPls, and make the results transparent to the public.
The degree to which ESG targets are achieved also has a major effect on the remuneration
of the Executive Board of RWE AG.

Further information on our ESG goals and accomplishments can be found in our Sustainability
Report and in the Group's separate Non-financial Report in accordance with Section 315b,
Paragraph 3 of the German Commercial Code. For fiscal 2020, these reports will be
available in April 2021 and accessible at www.rwe.com/en/responsibility-and-sustainability.
We also report on the assessment by independent rating agencies of our sustainability

strategy and its implementation on our website. For further details, go to
www.rwe.com/en/ratings-and-rankings,



--- Page 8 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Innovation

2.2 Innovation

How can wind farms be built in deep waters? What can we do to ensure a carbon-
neutral supply of electricity during lulls in the wind and periods of darkness? What
options are there to make environmentally sensible use of carbon dioxide? We at RWE
want to provide convincing answers to such questions. Last year, we worked with
numerous partners in industry and science to launch or forge ahead with more than
200 innovation projects. Most of our ventures were primarily dedicated to achieving

one goal: master the challenges of the energy transi

in with innovative solutions.

Research and development at RWE: solutions for a sustainable energy system. RWE is
innovative in many ways. We are motivated both by a desire to remain competitive in an
ever-changing environment as well as a passion to be a driving force of this change. With
the help of our innovation projects, we are looking to develop solutions that help us advance
the utilisation of renewable energy, expand electricity storage, become involved in large-
scale hydrogen production, and help build a circular economy in which sensible use is made
of carbon dioxide.

Our more than 900 patents and patent applications, based on about 250 inventions, are
testimony to the importance we ascribe to research and development (R&D). Last year, we
worked on 205 R&D projects. Around 390 of our staff were solely dedicated to these
activities or contributed to them in addition to performing their normal tasks. In such
ventures, we often work with other companies or research institutions, meaning we generally
only bear a portion of the project costs. This is reflected in the RWE Group's operating R&D
spending which in 2020 amounted to €20 million (previous year: €21 million).

On the following pages we present a small selection of our current innovation projects.
They illustrate the range of challenges we are facing in light of the energy transition and
demonstrate the creativity with which we are tackling these issues.

29

4
Consolidated financial
statements

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2020

How we are using new technologies for offshore wind expansion. We rank among the
world's leading companies in offshore wind power and are looking for ways to expand our
reach. The aim of some of our current R&D projects is to identify the most competitive
floating foundation technologies. This would enable us to venture into entirely new wind
power territories.

The foundations of offshore wind farms are typically built on the seabed. True to the
principle: the deeper the water, the more robust the structure needs to be in order to
withstand the elements. This necessitates more building materials, which, in turn, causes
project costs to rise. Therefore, wind turbines are generally only profitable in waters with a
maximum depth of 60 metres. However, in order to harness the potential of wind energy
more effectively, companies are working on concepts for floating wind turbines. They are
mounted on a float made of steel or concrete, which is secured to the seabed using mooring
lines and anchors. This opens up the possibility of deploying wind turbines in deeper waters,
e.g. off the coasts of Asia, the Americas or the Mediterranean region as well as in parts of
the North Sea. According to WindEurope, the European wind industry association, in about
80% of all sea areas where wind speeds are suitable for electricity generation, the ocean is
simply too deep for conventional foundation designs. We are currently involved in
demonstration projects for three different types of floating foundations with the objective of
identifying the most viable of these technologies.

One of the three demonstration projects we are working on is TetraSpar. It consists of a
tubular steel support structure which is kept stable in the water by a keel. As the support
structure has a modular design, its individual parts can be prefabricated at different
locations, which is cost-effective. We are working on this project with Shell, Stiesdal Offshore
Technologies from Denmark, and Japanese power utility TEPCO. We finished assembling the
first TetraSpar base in the Danish port of Grenaa in October 2020. It was placed in storage
for the winter and is scheduled to be launched in the spring of 2021. We will then mount


--- Page 9 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Innovation

a 3.6 MWwind turbine on the float at the quayside, after which tugboats will take the entire
structure to the test site ten kilometres off the Norwegian coast near Stavanger, where it will
be attached to the seabed 200 metres below by means of three anchor chains and then
connected to the grid via a cable. Power generation is scheduled to start in the summer of
2021. The floating turbine will be equipped with a large number of sensors to measure
whether its behaviour in real-life conditions is in line with our predictions based on
calculations and tests.

The second project is DemoSATH, in which we are working with the Spanish company Saitec
Offshore Technologies on the development and construction of a floating platform for a

2 MW wind turbine in the sea near Bilbao, in northern Spain. The project is based on Saitec’s
SATH (swinging around twin hull) technology using a catamaran-like float made of pre-cast,
post-tensioned concrete elements. The floating platform can freely rotate around a single
point of mooring, depending on wind and wave directions. The DemoSATH prototype
including its turbine will be assembled on a quayside in the port of Bilbao, before being
towed to its mooring point at a test site in the Atlantic, two kilometres from the Basque
coast, where the water is around 85 metres deep. The floating platform will be held in place
using hybrid mooring lines consisting of chains and synthetic fibre ropes. In the project
schedule, three-and-a-half years are allocated for planning, construction and test
operation. After some delays due to COVID-19, the wind turbine is expected to go into
service in summer 2022.

In the third project, New England Aqua Ventus, we are collaborating with the University of
Maine and Diamond Offshore Wind, a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Corporation. The aim is to
deploy a 10 MW floating wind unit in the Gulf of Maine along the eastern coastline of the
US. by the end of 2023. The unit will feature the University of Maine's patented floating hull
technology consisting of modular concrete components with glued joints - a technique that

30

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

is also used in bridge building. The floating platform weighs approximately 10,000 metric
tons with its base approximately 20 metres below sea level. The project focuses on
evaluating the floating technology in regard to environmental factors and analysing how
offshore wind can coexist with ocean shipping. The project is in the development stage.
This year, we plan to select a turbine and start negotiations with construction companies.

How we intend to harvest high-altitude winds. For several years, RWE has been exploring
how to harness the fairly strong and steady high-altitude winds to produce electricity.
Airborne wind energy (AWE) systems offer huge potential for applications in this area. AWE
systems consist of a flying device, a tether and a ground station. The flying device is usually
aversion of a power kite, such as that used for kite surfing, or a fixed-wing construct similar
to that of a small aircraft. They can both operate at heights of up to 500 metres. Power is
generated as the device manoeuvres crosswind. This is done either in the sky using onboard
turbines or on the ground as the tether unwinds a winch which drives a generator.

As part of a collaborative venture with SkySails Power, we acquired an AWE system rated at
up to 200 kW from the Hamburg-based company and want to operate it during a three-
year research and development period. Concurrently, we are developing a test site for AWE
systems in Ireland with a view to testing further prototypes and concepts, including a

150 kW unit from our Dutch partner Ampyx Power. The EU has committed to fund this.
project. We are confident that the new technology will establish itself as a useful supplement
to traditional wind energy generation methods as AWE systems have advantages over
conventional wind turbines in terms of material usage, maintenance requirements, capacity
utilisation, noise emissions and casting shadows. Furthermore, they can be used flexibly at
various locations. Based on our assessment, commercial operation of MW-class airborne
wind energy systems will be possible in the coming decade.


--- Page 10 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Innovation

How we are forging ahead with green hydrogen production. The more electricity
generation switches to the wind and sun as energy sources, the more important energy
storage becomes in order to ensure the availability of electricity when needed, independent
of the weather. Two alternatives exist to provide power storage to the necessary scale:
high-capacity batteries and hydrogen produced from green energy, which can be converted
back to electricity on demand. The added advantage of hydrogen from zero-carbon
techniques lies in its versatility: it can be used not only to store electricity but also to
decarbonise industrial processes and modes of transport which cannot be electrified. We
are involved in current initiatives for the expansion of hydrogen infrastructure focusing on
these hydrogen applications. RWE is working on a large number of hydrogen projects in
Germany, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. The following passages present

four projects that could contribute to the northwestern German /Dutch region turning

into a hydrogen hub. We also report on this and further major hydrogen undertakings at
www.rwe.com/hydrogen.

One of the first hydrogen initiatives spanning several industries in Germany is GET H2.

In addition to RWE, BASF, BP, Evonik, Nowega, OGE, ThyssenGas and Uniper, a host of
additional companies and scientific institutions are participating in the project. GET H2
covers the entire hydrogen value chain, from production and transport to usage. The
long-term objective is to build a nationwide hydrogen infrastructure in Germany. Under the
initiative, we have joined forces with several partners to launch the GET H2 Nukleus project.
RWE's role is to install and operate an electrolyser at our Lingen power plant site, with which
we can use electricity from wind farms to split water into hydrogen and oxygen. The planned
capacity is 100 MW. This would make the unit much bigger than any other in operation in
Germany. It is envisaged that the green hydrogen will be transported via repurposed gas
pipelines to the northern Ruhr area where it can be used by refineries and chemical parks.
Production and transport of this hydrogen could begin as early as the end of 2023. This
would lay the cornerstone for gradually expanding public hydrogen infrastructure. In
addition, the project partners aim to make electrolysis technology ready for mass
production by using it in large-scale plants, thereby reducing the future cost of green
hydrogen production.

31

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Another initiative harbouring substantial potential is AquaVentus. The idea behind it is to
produce hydrogen offshore using electricity from offshore wind farms and transport it via
pipelines to onshore demand hotspots. The island of Heligoland, which is situated in the
German North Sea, acts as a hub to which the hydrogen produced by offshore wind turbines
is transported through pipelines. The Port of Heligoland is already a logistical centre for the
operation of offshore wind farms. Initially, the hydrogen will only be used to meet the island's
needs. Once production volume increases, the hydrogen will be forwarded to the mainland,
first via tanker and then via a pipeline. Our partners in AquaVentus include Gascade,
Gasunie, Shell and Siemens. A pilot project is being conducted to build two 14 MW wind
turbines in the coastal waters of Heligoland and integrate an electrolyser in each of their
bases. If the project stays on schedule, the turbines could start operation in 2026. In the
long run, electrolysers with a total capacity of 10 GW could be installed in the North Sea
through to 2035. This would be enough to produce up to 1 million metric tons of green
hydrogen every year.

One of our most important hydrogen projects outside Germany is Eemshydrogen, based at
our Eemshaven power plant site in the Netherlands. This is the projected home of an
electrolyser powered by electricity from our neighbouring Westereems onshore wind farm.
The plant's initial capacity has been set at 50 MW, although future increases in local wind
power capacity and hydrogen demand could enable capacity to be ramped up gradually.
We intend to transport the hydrogen via repurposed gas pipelines, store it in a salt cavern if
necessary, and then deliver it to major customers. Talks with companies participating in the
development of hydrogen infrastructure and with potential off-takers in the nearby Delfzijl
industrial cluster are already underway. Current plans envisage the electrolyser being
commissioned in 2024.

NortH2 is another project planned in the north of the Netherlands. The objective is to turn
the region into a hub for supplying northwestern Europe with green hydrogen. A system
consisting of offshore wind farms, electrolysers, gas storage facilities and pipelines is
expected to be set up for this purpose. NortH2 was launched in early 2020 by Gasunie,
Groningen Seaports and Shell. Equinor and RWE started contributing their expertise to the


--- Page 11 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Innovation

undertaking in December. The partners plan to build 4 GW of electricity generation and
electrolysis capacity by 2030, pushing up this figure to over 10 GW by 2040. The end game
is therefore of a similar order of magnitude as the German neighbour project AquaVentus.

A feasibility study will clarify whether the NortH2 project can be carried out as planned. If the
study has a positive outcome, the partners intend to start developing the project in the
second half of 2021.

How we plan to use batteries to ensure grid stability. Alongside hydrogen technology,
electrochemical storage is an indispensable building block of climate-friendly energy supply.
We have operated a 7 MWh battery storage facility next to the Herdecke pumped-storage
power plant on the Ruhr river since the beginning of 2018. Three freight containers,
equipped with a total of 552 battery modules, serve as the beating heart of the unit.
Drawing on experience gained, we have initiated further battery storage projects, two of
which we will present below.

Panta.rhei is the first such project: at the new RWE campus in Essen, we have been
developing a redox flow battery since May 2020. What is unique to this technology is that it
stores electric energy in chemical compounds that are dissolved in a liquid. This explains
why it is also referred to as a ‘liquid battery’. Our pilot plant has a storage capacity of

390 kWh. When fully charged, it can deliver 120 kW for more than three hours. We plan to
harness its full potential this year. We expect to gain valuable experience from the Panta.rhei
project that will help us operate redox flow batteries reliably. Our test facility will initially be
used in the balancing power market to stabilise the grid. This is because batteries can react
to changes in grid frequency within a matter of seconds. If the test facility proves itself, we
will investigate further applications. For instance, we could use liquid batteries in the
electricity wholesale market and take advantage of differences in price resulting from
fluctuations in feed-ins of wind and solar power, for example.

32

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

In our second battery project - Lazarus - we are seeking to leverage an especially
affordable and sustainable storage solution with pre-used lithium-ion batteries from
electric vehicles. The advantage in this respect is that these ‘second-life batteries’ can be
sourced affordably and often still have more than 70% of their original storage capacity.
Extending their life also makes sense from an ecological standpoint, given the greenhouse
gasses emitted during their production. Our long-term plan is to combine a number of these
batteries to form a large-scale storage system. Since August 2020, we have been working
with a partner from the automotive sector on a pilot plant which we intend to use in the
balancing power market. This presents us with the technical challenge of managing the
variety of degradation levels in second-life batteries. In Project Lazarus, we will explore how
to operate our system reliably despite this.

How we are turning carbon dioxide into fuel. A complete decarbonisation of industrial
processes will be all but impossible in the coming decades. So whether Europe meets its
target of carbon neutrality by the middle of the century will essentially depend on how we
deal with the carbon dioxide that is unavoidably emitted during manufacturing processes.
One option is to store the carbon dioxide below ground, preventing it from entering the
atmosphere. However, the more sensible alternative is capturing the carbon dioxide, e.g.,
by combining it with green hydrogen and turning it into chemical products such as plastics.
We have been working on eco-friendly ways to use carbon dioxide for over ten years now.
Our research is based on the carbon dioxide from our pilot plant at the Niederaussem
Innovation Centre in the Rhenish coal mining region. Together with BASF and Linde, we
have been developing one of the world’s leading technologies for what is known as

COz scrubbing. This technique is used to separate carbon dioxide from the flue gas of a
power station or chemical plant, before liquefying it and making it available for recycling.
Our CO, scrubbing demonstration unit has already proven its capabilities during years of
extensive testing. Since 2009, it has completed more than 85,000 operating hours,
achieving carbon capture rates of up to 98 %. We use the carbon dioxide to produce


--- Page 12 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Innovation

synthetic fuels and raw materials that can be used by the chemical industry, replacing fossil
fuels such as oil or natural gas. The resulting fuels and materials therefore hold great
potential for industry and transport. Together with partners, we have already launched half a
dozen projects to convert carbon dioxide. All have been approved for funding by either the
EU or the German Ministry of Economic Affairs and Energy (BMWi), among others. Two of
these projects, MefCO3 and ALIGN-CCUS, have already successfully run their course,
providing us with the foundation for a series of new R&D initiatives due to start in 2021.

In the MefCO, project (methanol fuel from carbon dioxide) we have produced methanol
using carbon dioxide and hydrogen. The hydrogen, in turn, was produced by electrolysis
using water and electricity. A wide variety of chemical products are based on methanol, one
of the most commonly manufactured chemicals in the world. The clear liquid can also act as
a long-term storage medium for hydrogen. We are leveraging this discovery to power a
factory vehicle, for example. We equipped the electric car with an additional fuel cell in order
to increase its range and be able to charge while driving. Here, methanol is used as a
hydrogen source. The fuel cell charges the vehicle battery with the energy released when the
hydrogen reacts with oxygen and pure water is produced. In the future, we want to explore
additional ways of using methanol as a fuel.

A total of 30 industrial enterprises and research institutions from five European countries
were involved in ALIGN-CCUS. The German Ministry of Economic Affairs and Energy (BMWi)
and the European Union committed funds to the project. With ALIGN-CCUS, we have
demonstrated how an entire value chain, from capturing and using carbon dioxide to
storing it, can be designed. For this purpose, we converted carbon dioxide and hydrogen into
dimethyl ether (DME). DME is a liquefied gas, similar to propane or LPG (autogas) and is used
as a hairspray propellant, for example. DME, just like LPG, can be used to power cars. It
burns like diesel but is low in both soot and nitrogen oxide, making it a cleaner option. The
deciding factor here is that we also produce the necessary hydrogen ourselves - from water
and green electricity. In Niederaussem, we commissioned a pilot plant in early 2020,
allowing us to produce 50 kilogrammes of DME a day using carbon dioxide and hydrogen.
We initially used the DME as fuel for a suitably converted diesel generator to produce
peak-load electricity.

33

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

After completion of ALIGN-CCUS in November 2020, the pilot plant remained in operation.
We now use it for the TAKE-OFF project, which was launched in early 2021 and is also
backed by the EU. We are working with nine partners from six countries on TAKE-OFF. The
aim is to keep developing the available technology to produce aviation fuel based on DME
and methanol. In our NRW-Revier-Power-to-BioJetFuel project, we are also researching
whether we can use existing methods on an industrial scale to produce eco-friendly aviation
fuel from hydrogen and carbon dioxide. We assume that politicians are more likely to
promote the use of green kerosene for aviation before green diesel for trucks and ships.
This should make the results of this project interesting from an economic point of view.

Detailed information on these projects and our other R&D ventures can be found at
www.rwe.com/innovations.


--- Page 13 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review

of operations
Business environment

3
Responsibility statement

2.3 Business environment

Energy policy continues to centre on climate protection. The EU intends to enshrine an
ambitious emission reduction goal for 2030 in law. At the end of 2020, the European
Council announced that it was in favour of scaling back greenhouse gas emissions

by at least 55% compared to 1990. The EU aims to spur the creation of a more
environmentally compatible economy. One goal is to better couple the electricity, heat,
transportation and manufacturing sectors while also creating a European hydrogen
economy. The European Commission has speci in strategy papers how this can be
accomplished. A foundation has also been laid for increased climate protection in our
home market, Germany. In mid-2020, policymakers established the legal framework for
phasing out coal-fired electricity generation. This has given us increased planning
certainty for our lignite business. We also welcome the state’s assistance in cushioning
the social impact of necessary redundancies.

Political environment

Europe seeks to become carbon neutral by 2050. In March 2020, the European
Commission presented a draft for a European climate law. It was the first legislative
proposal for the implementation of the EU's Green Deal, which the President of the
European Commission Ursula von der Leyen had declared to be of the utmost priority during
her five-year term in office (see page 42 of the 2019 Annual Report). The objective is to
make the EU goal of carbon neutrality by 2050 legally binding. EU institutions and member
states would then be obliged to establish a framework for reducing net greenhouse gas
emissions to zero by the middle of the century. By 2023, the Commission will conduct an
initial assessment and announce whether EU and national measures are mutually
compatible and fit for purpose. A similar evaluation of the EU's progress is planned for every
five years thereafter.

34

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

The legislative initiative also paves the way for raising the 2030 target for reducing
greenhouse gas emissions. The previous goal was to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by
40% compared to 1990. The March 2020 draft law proposed a decline of 50% to 55%,
subject to a comprehensive impact assessment. Once the results of the assessment were
published in September, the Commission set the target at no lower than 55%. However, the
European Parliament did not feel that the measures went far enough. In early October, a
majority of delegates voted for a 60 % decrease of greenhouse gas emissions. Also in
October, the European Council also gave the go-ahead for the climate law, although it
initially omitted the interim goal for 2030. At the EU Summit in December, the heads of state
and government agreed on a reduction of at least 55%. Representatives of the Council and
Parliament must now decide which target is ultimately adopted during formal trilogue
meetings, in which the Commission is also involved. The negotiations had not been
concluded when this review of operations was prepared (early March 2021).

The climate law will serve as the foundation for the Green Deal, which envisages
far-reaching reforms to industry, energy supply, transport and agriculture. To this end, the
European Commission is planning comprehensive legislative changes and a number of
different programmes in order to provide for the accelerated expansion of renewable
energy, a new strategy for the industrial sector, import barriers for goods produced using
processes that are harmful to the climate, and a strategy for clean transportation, among
other things. Regions which are most affected by these policy measures will be supported by
way of a Just Transition Fund. The EU is also planning to reform the European Emissions
Trading System and, in doing so, will probably considerably reduce the number of certificates
placed on the market. The extent of the reduction is likely to depend on the emissions
reduction target agreed upon by the Council and the Parliament


--- Page 14 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review

of operations
Business environment

3
Responsibility statement

EU creates sustainability classification system for economic activity. In June 2020,

the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers introduced the Taxonomy Regulation
as a tool to help determine when to classify economic activity as sustainable. Players on the
financial market, e.g. investment funds, labelling a financial product environmentally
sustainable, will have to report the share of green investments in their portfolio as defined by
the Regulation. Businesses will also be faced with stricter disclosure requirements.
Companies obliged to prepare non-financial reports will have to provide more detailed
information on the sustainability of their business activities. The EU hopes that the increased
transparency will provide stimulus for investments that make a contribution to the Green
Deal. The Taxonomy Regulation entered into force on 12 July 2020. As it is a central piece
of legislation, there is no need to translate it into national law. The publication duties apply
from 2022 onwards. However, the European Commission is yet to specify the criteria for
determining the economic activities meeting the sustainability principles set out in the
Regulation.

EU seeks to integrate energy system and drive expansion of hydrogen economy. In

July 2020, the European Commission published strategy papers on coupling the electricity,
heat, transport and manufacturing sectors (integration of the energy system) and on
hydrogen. They contained a variety of goals and measures aimed at enabling the EU to
achieve its target of carbon neutrality by 2050, as set out under the Green Deal. The
European Commission's strategy to integrate the energy system aims to harness potential
emission reductions and increase efficiency. An integrated system envisages a world in
which vehicles are powered by solar panels, homes are heated by district heating from
factories, and manufacturing plants are operated with hydrogen produced with offshore
wind energy, to list a few examples. The European Commission sees increasing the share of
electricity in final energy consumption as being key to sector coupling, i.e. increasing
utilisation of heat pumps and electric vehicles, for example. Sectors which are likely to
struggle with electrification will see a push for clean fuels, such as green hydrogen. To this
end, the Commission intends to develop a new classification and certification system for
zero and low-carbon fuels. In addition, it is planning support programmes and
comprehensive adjustments to the European regulatory framework.

35

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

In an integrated energy system, hydrogen can be used to support the decarbonisation of
industry, transport, power generation and buildings in Europe. The EU's hydrogen strategy
addresses how to unlock this potential by way of investment, regulation, market creation,
and innovation. The primary goal is to develop a green hydrogen economy, which largely
sources its hydrogen electrolytically using renewable energy. By 2024, 6 GW of electrolysis
capacity is envisaged, which would enable up to 1 million metric tons of green hydrogen to
be produced per year. The Commission's roadmap seeks to make green hydrogen a core
component of the integrated energy system by as early as 2030. Then the EU should have
electrolysers with a total capacity of at least 40 GW, with annual production reaching up to
10 million metric tons of hydrogen. The EU expects green hydrogen production technologies
to have matured by this point, allowing for large-scale rollout over the following two decades.
In order to give this additional momentum, the Commission founded the European Clean
Hydrogen Alliance, a body comprised of representatives from industry, national and local
public authorities, civil society and the European Investment Bank. RWE is a member of the
alliance, which has been tasked with driving investments to expand hydrogen infrastructure,
among other things.

German government adopts national hydrogen strategy. The German government
published its hydrogen plans in June 2020 - one month ahead of the EU. Germany's
national hydrogen strategy affirms the country’s intent to establish hydrogen technologies
as core elements of the energy transition and to create the necessary regulatory framework
to ensure large-scale rollout. The plan is to build a strong home market in Germany and to
focus on green hydrogen, produced using renewable electricity, with the strategy paper
stating that only this option is truly sustainable in the long term. The German government.
envisages electrolysers with a total capacity of 5 GW being built for the production of green
hydrogen by 2030, in addition to the required generation assets, with offshore wind playing
a mgjor role. The objective is to have 10 GW of electrolysis capacity by 2040 at the latest.
The large-scale rollout of hydrogen technology in Germany will be supported with €7 billion
in subsidies. It is envisaged that an additional €2 billion will be set aside for international
partnerships. The federal government also intends to give electricity used to produce green
hydrogen preferential treatment in terms of taxes, levies and surcharges. This electricity has


--- Page 15 ---

1 2

To our investors Combined review
of operations
Business environment

3
Responsibility statement

already been exempted from the surcharges under the Renewable Energy Act and the
Combined Heat and Power Act as well as the offshore grid apportionment as part of the
reform of the Renewable Energy Act, on which we report below.

German government establishes more favourable subsidy conditions for renewables.
In December 2020, the German Upper House and Lower House passed a reform of the
German Renewable Energy Act, which entered into force on 1 January 2021. According to
the law, all electricity generation in Germany must become carbon-neutral by 2050. The
target for 2030 is for renewables to account for 65 % of electricity consumption. To
facilitate this, legislators have set new expansion targets: they envisage photovoltaic and
onshore wind capacities growing to 100 GW and 71 GW by 2030, corresponding to a rise
of around 85% and 30%. The law provides for a number of regulations, many with a focus
on making the operation of solar panels more attractive. The amendment also brings
improvements for wind farms. For example, operators of new wind farms will be able to give
local communities a share of the electricity revenue in order to increase local value added
and thus raise acceptance. Old wind turbines, which have come to the end of their 20-year
subsidy period, will receive a follow-up subsidy until 2022, subject to certain conditions.
However, this measure still needs to be approved by the European Commission under state
aid law. In order to reduce the strain on electricity consumers, the legislator is limiting the
renewable energy surcharge to 6.5 cents/kWh for 2021 and 6.0 cents/kWh for 2022. The
government will fund the shortfall from its budget. As mentioned above, electricity used to
produce green hydrogen will be exempt from the renewable energy levy and further
surcharges in the future.

36

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

In November 2020, the Lower and Upper Houses of Parliament passed two further laws to
drive the expansion of renewable energy: the Offshore Wind Energy Act and the Investment
Acceleration Act. The first of the two laws envisages the 2030 expansion target for offshore
wind power increasing from 15 GW to 20 GW, with this figure rising to 40 GW by 2040. The
tendering model will remain largely unchanged. In Germany, wind farms are subsidised via
premiums. If the market price realised by the operators for their electricity is below a
reference figure, the premium offsets the difference. The reference price is determined on
the basis of a competitive tender process, in which participants with the lowest bids are
selected. One important change is that permissible bids are now subject to higher ceilings.
The upper limit will be set at €73 / MWh in 2021 and at €64/ MWh and €62/MWh in the
two following years, respectively. Ifthe cap had not been raised, the maximum allowable bid
in the next call for tenders would have been limited to the lowest successful bid in the
previous auction of 2018, which was €0. In addition, moving forward, developers of wind
energy projects will pay a higher penalty if they fail to make a final investment decision

24 months before the grid connection completion date. This lowers the likelihood of
speculative zero-subsidy bids, fuelled by positive market forecasts.

The Investment Acceleration Act, passed in tandem with the Offshore Wind Energy Act,

aims to decrease administrative and legal barriers to infrastructure expansion. It includes
changes to court proceedings as well as environmental and general administrative
procedures, including regional planning procedures. In accordance with the law, objections
and actions for annulment by third parties disputing the approval of an onshore wind
turbine with a total height of more than 50 metres no longer have a suspensive effect -
allowing projects to progress. Furthermore, legal disputes concerning onshore wind farms of
this size can now be fast-tracked through an expedited appeals process. The law provides
for higher administrative courts to have jurisdiction in the first instance.


--- Page 16 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review

of operations
Business environment

3
Responsibility statement

UK government publishes energy white paper for climate protection. In December 2020,
the UK government published its energy white paper, setting out how it envisages the
country’s future climate protection trajectory. The UK is intent on achieving net zero
emissions by 2050. The paper contains a variety of measures to pave the way for this vision.
Particular focus has been given to offshore wind expansion: the UK government aims to
quadruple capacity to a total of 40 GW by 2030. It further envisages a rise of climate-
friendly hydrogen production capacity to 5 GW by the same year. A national scheme
focused on achieving the climate targets for 2050 will replace the EU Emissions Trading
System. Projects for capturing and storing or using carbon dioxide are to receive £1 billion
in funding over the course of the decade.

Poland establishes support scheme for offshore wind. The Polish government has
created the legal framework for subsidies for wind farms in the Baltic Sea, with the
Parliament passing an appropriate law in January 2021. Poland intends to increase the
share of renewables in electricity generation from 14% in 2019 to 32% in 2030. At the
moment, there are no wind farms off the coast of Poland. However, turbines with a total
capacity of 10.9 GW are due to be in development or in operation by as early as 2027. The
law envisages a start phase, which will initially subsidise wind farms with a total capacity of
5.9 GW. Plant operators will be awarded contracts for difference which guarantee a fixed
payment for 100,000 full load hours in generation, with a maximum subsidy period of

25 years. If the market price falls below the guaranteed remuneration, the state pays the
difference. If it exceeds the specified sum, the operators are obliged to make a payment. In
the first phase, the subsidies are set administratively. Companies have until the end of
March 2021 to apply for them. After the start phase, the wind farms subsidised through
contracts for difference will be determined in auctions. Tenders for up to 2.5 GW are planned
for both 2025 and 2027. RWE is currently developing the FEW Baltic II offshore wind project
in Poland. This project involves building a wind farm with an installed capacity of 350 MW on
Stupsk Bank. FEW Baltic II satisfies the requirements for participating in the first phase of the
offshore wind subsidy scheme.

37

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

US government improves funding conditions for renewables. In the USA, policymakers
have increased the tax incentives for investments in renewable energy assets. Additionally,
deadlines for incentive claims have been extended to protect investors from financial losses
from construction delays due to the coronavirus. In the United States, renewable energy
projects are subsidised using a two-pronged approach: production tax credits (PTCs) or
investment tax credits (ITCs). PTCs grant a tax benefit per unit of electricity for a period of
ten years. ITCs are based on the value of the investment. RWE's onshore wind turbines are
typically subsidised with PTCs. Projects launched in 2016/2017 would have needed to be
completed in 2020/2021 - i.e. four years later - in order to be eligible for the full subsidy.

In light of the coronavirus pandemic, the US government extended this deadline by a year.
RWE also benefits from this as there were delays in the completion of a number of wind
farms due to COVID-19. In addition, the US government also decided to extend ITC
subsidies for solar investments. New plants, which go into construction in 2021 or 2022, will
be granted an investment tax credit of 26 % of the total investment. For plants going into
construction in 2023, this figure drops to 22%. More favourable funding conditions have
now also been introduced for offshore wind: projects set to begin construction before 2026
qualify for an ITC of 30% of the total investment.

German Upper and Lower House adopt regulatory framework for German coal
phaseout. On 3 July 2020, the German Upper House and Lower House passed the law on
the reduction and termination of coal-fired power generation and on the amendment of
other legislation (Coal Phaseout Act). The law is based on recommendations published by
the government's Growth, Structural Change and Employment Commission in January
2019. It provides for a gradual exit from electricity generation from coal by 2038. The Act
also contains provisions for the continuous monitoring of security of supply and the
introduction of adjustment allowances for older employees working in the coal sector as well
as an authorisation clause, which enables the federal government to provide electricity
consumers with financial relief if the coal phaseout leads to an increase in electricity prices.
In addition, the legislator extended and refined the subsidisation of combined heat and
power plants. The objective is to encourage retrofits of coal-fired power stations for more
climate-friendly electricity generation.


--- Page 17 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review

of operations
Business environment

3
Responsibility statement

Legislators have now also established a phaseout roadmap for lignite power plants. RWE will
bear the brunt of initial capacity reductions. We decommissioned the first 300 MW block in
the Rhenish lignite mining region, Niederaussem D, at the end of 2020. This year, we will take
three further 300 MW assets off the grid, with one 300 MW block and two 600 MW units
scheduled for 2022. The Neurath and Niederaussem sites will be most heavily affected by
these plans, along with Weisweiler, albeit to a small extent. Furthermore, in 2022, we will
discontinue briquette production in Frechen and, in turn, the operation of 120 MW in
electricity generation capacity. Thereafter, we will shut down the remaining capacities at our
Weisweiler power station: one 300 MW unit (2025) and two 600 MW blocks (2028 and
2029). The Inden opencast mine, which exclusively supplies Weisweiler with lignite, will then
also be decommissioned. We will shut down our last two 600 MW stations in late 2029,

one of which will remain on standby for four years to ensure security of supply. From 2030
onwards, this leaves only our three state-of-the-art lignite blocks at 1,000 MW apiece on
the market.

The closures will have considerable consequences for the opencast mines. More than half
the approved volume of lignite reserves will remain in the ground and Hambach Forest will
be preserved. Of our three opencast mines in the Rhenish lignite mining region - Inden,
Hambach and Garzweiler - we will only operate the last in the list from 2030 onwards to
supply the remaining assets with fuel. Accordingly, the energy industry's need for the
Garzweiler Il opencast mine to remain operational has been enshrined in law via a clause
added to the Coal Phaseout Act.

The lignite phaseout will place a huge financial burden on our company. In accordance with
the law, we will therefore receive compensation in the amount of €2.6 billion, to be paid out
in equal instalments over a 15-year period. However, the damage we will actually incur will
clearly exceed this figure. Our claim for compensation from the state and the majority of our
expected losses have already been accounted for in our 2019 consolidated financial
statements (see page 43 of the 2019 Annual Report). Intended recipients of state
compensation in addition to RWE include the employees affected by the layoffs. Among
other things, the Coal Phaseout Act provides for adjustment allowances and compensation
for any disadvantages in relation to statutory pensions. These will be covered

38

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

by the state. Furthermore, a coal phaseout collective agreement we signed with the German
Unified Services Trade Union (ver.di) and the German Mining, Chemicals and Energy Trade
Union (IG BCE) in August 2020 contains provisions that determine what RWE has to do
above and beyond the state measures.

The lignite phaseout is flanked by a public law contract between the state and the lignite
producers. The contract contains a large number of regulations, which relate in particular to
the implementation of the closures and compensation. This contract will serve to protect
the companies interests, which, in return, will not assert any further claims in relation to the
lignite phaseout. Once approved by the Upper House, the contract was signed in early
2021. However, the compensations still require approval by the EU under state aid law.
Irrespective of this, RWE has begun to implement the statutory phaseout plan.

The hard coal phaseout is also set out in detail in the new law. At which point each individual
power plant will be taken off the grid and how much their operators will be compensated is
determined in an auction process. The law envisages annual tenders from 2020 to 2027.
Operator bids will be subject to specific caps which are set to be lowered from €165,000 to
€89,000/ MW during the aforementioned period. From 2027 onwards, the law provides for
closures without compensation. If the tenders do not result in enough capacity being
decommissioned, starting in 2024, power plant operators will be ordered to shut down
stations without compensation. RWE participated in the first auction, which was held in the
second half of 2020. Our last two German hard coal power plants - Ibbenbiiren B (794 MW)
and Westfalen E (764 MW) - placed winning bids. The stations stopped operating in late
2020 (see page 44).

German government seeks to provide coal regions with up to €40 billion in subsidies.
On 3 July, the Upper and Lower Houses of Parliament passed the Structural Development
Act, which applies to coal mining regions. The law envisages the federal government
providing up to €14 billion in financial support to the lignite mining regions for investments
of particular importance through to 2038. Of these funds, 37 % will go to the Rhenish coal
mining region, in which we are active, with 43 % and 20% going to the Lausitzer and Central
German coal mining areas, respectively. The funds can be used by the states, e.g. to invest


--- Page 18 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business environment

in industrial infrastructure and public transport. The government intends to flank this by
supporting the regions through its own measures. A total of €26 billion has been budgeted
for this and earmarked for measures such as the expansion of the rail and road networks as
well as the creation of research hubs.

German government to overhaul compensation for nuclear phaseout. In September
2020, the German Constitutional Court found that the compensation regulations in the
German nuclear phaseout plan introduced in 2018 had not entered into force. The Court
thus ruled in favour of an appeal submitted by Vattenfall. The proceedings dealt with the
16* amendment to the German Nuclear Energy Act, which specified the approach to
compensating RWE, Vattenfall, EON and EnBW for certain financial losses due to the
expedited nuclear phaseout. The phaseout had been enshrined in law in 2011 following

the Fukushima nuclear disaster. This was the second exit law after 2000. In 2010, the
government had extended the lifetimes of nuclear power stations. After the reactor incident,
it reversed the extension and imposed stricter conditions on the exit. ln December 2016, the
Constitutional Court ruled that the power station operators have to be compensated for
certain losses due to the second nuclear phaseout and tasked the state with making the
necessary legislative arrangements by mid-2018. Compensation claims were thus ruled
admissible for generation contingents that had been approved in the first nuclear phaseout
in 2000, but which could no longer be used due to the decommissioning deadlines
introduced in 2011, and for investments that were now worthless and that the power plant
operators had undertaken based on the lifetime extension introduced in 2010. The state
intended to implement these instructions by way of the 16" amendment to the German
Nuclear Energy Act. However, according to the most recent Constitutional Court ruling, the
amendment never entered into force due to formal errors. Additionally, the Court also found
that individual provisions, which were dedicated to compensation for unusable generation
contingents and which could prove detrimental to the affected companies, were
unconstitutional. In accordance with the ruling of the highest court, the legislator is obliged
to rewrite the compensation regulations. The German government began talks with the
nuclear power plant operators on this subject at the beginning of 20211 (also see page 46).

39

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Market environment

Economic output drops in all of RWE’s core markets. According to preliminary estimates,
global economic output dropped by 4% in 2020 compared to the previous year. The
coronavirus pandemic and the associated lockdown measures caused many countries’
gross domestic product (GDP) to slump drastically. Economic experts estimate a GDP
decline of about 7 % for the Eurozone. Economic output was not as adversely affected in
Germany and the Netherlands, our most important markets within the currency union.
Estimates here vary between - 5% and - 4%. The USA is likely to have experienced a similar
decline. However, the United Kingdom has been hit much harder by the pandemic: based on
available data, UK GDP probably shrank by about 10%.

German electricity consumption down by an estimated 4%. Decreased economic output
has also meant lower demand for energy. According to the German Association of Energy
and Water Industries (BDEW), German electricity consumption in the past fiscal year was
down 4% on 2019. Other RWE core markets have also been on the decline. Experts put the
downturn at 2% for the Netherlands, 6 % for the UK and 3% for the USA. This development
was largely attributable to restrictions to industrial output due to COVID-19. The mild
weather also had a minor impact, as less electricity was needed for heating.

Better wind conditions in northern and central Europe. Utilisation and profitability of
renewable assets are largely weather-dependent. This is why wind speeds are extremely
important to us. In 2020, these were generally higher than the long-term average and often
up on 2019 at our production sites in northern Europe, the United Kingdom, and the
Netherlands. An opposite trend was witnessed in the south of Europe and of the southern
states of the USA. By and large, wind conditions in Germany, Poland and large parts of the
USAwere normal, with notable changes over 2019 being an exception to the rule.


--- Page 19 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review

of operations
Business environment

3
Responsibility statement

Average RWE wind farm utilisation in 2020 Onshore Offshore
%

Germany 20 40
United Kingdom 34 42
Netherlands 30 -
Poland 29 -
Spain 23 -
Italy 21 -
Sweden 33 56
USA 33 -

Weather-driven collapse of natural gas spot prices. The utilisation and earnings of our
conventional power plants are heavily dependent on how fuel and emission allowance
prices develop. Natural gas, our most important tradable energy source, was characterised
by an extremely low price level in the year under review. Quotations at the Dutch Title
Transfer Facility (TTF), Continental Europe's lead market, dropped as low as €3 / MWh in the
first half of the year, but were able to regain considerable ground during the rest of the year.
However, the 2020 average of €9 / MWh was notably lower overall than the previous year's
(€14/MWh). The decrease in demand for heating gas due to the mild winter of 2019/2020
and the commensurately high storage levels at the beginning of the year played a
significant role. Later on, the corona-induced decline in industrial and commercial gas
consumption affected the price trend. Forward trading prices also dropped. In the year
under review, the 2021 TTF forward cost €13 / MWh on average. By way of comparison,

in 2019, the 2020 forward traded at €18 / MWh.

40

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Declining demand curbs hard coal prices. Hard coal used in power plants (steam coal)
also became notably cheaper: deliveries to ARA ports (ARA = Amsterdam, Rotterdam,
Antwerp) including freight and insurance were settled for an average of US$50/metric ton
(€45) in 2020, as opposed to US$61/metric ton the year prior. The decline is mainly due to
a drop in demand: coal-fired power stations have most recently been underutilised in
Europe. The unusually low gas prices, which made gas much more competitive as an energy
source than coal, came to bear. Decreased energy demand due to the coronavirus
pandemic also caused hard coal usage to contract. Many market participants assume that
the market environment for coal-fired power plants will remain challenging, not least due to
the relatively high carbon emissions associated with these stations and the correlated cost
disadvantages. This assessment was reflected in the development of hard coal forward
prices: in the year under review, the 2021 forward (API 2 Index) was quoted at an average of
US$58/metric ton (€51). This is US$12 less than was paid for the 2020 forward in 2019.

Despite COVID-19, CO, emission allowance prices hit record high. An important price
factor for fossil fuel-fired power plants is the procurement of COz emission allowances.

A European Union Allowance (EUA), entitling the holder to emit one metric ton of carbon
dioxide, was traded at an average of €25 in 2020. The reference figure for 2019 was also
€25. These prices relate to contracts for delivery that mature in December of the following
year. At times, certificate prices dropped substantially due to the coronavirus pandemic.

In March 2020, they fell to below €16. Decreased industrial output weighed on prices as it
resulted in reduced carbon dioxide emissions, driving down demand for emission
allowances. Over the rest of the year, prices rose to a record €33 in December. The
materialising economic recovery came to bear here. The EU initiative to raise the climate
target for 2030 also played a role, as it stipulates that the EU significantly reduce the
number of emission allowances put on the market. Many participants in emissions trading
therefore expect a further shortage of available EUAs, despite the economy's continued
carbon dioxide reductions.


--- Page 20 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review

of operations
Business environment

3
Responsibility statement

One-year forward prices of base-load electricity on the wholesale market
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

20 2019 forward 2020 forward 2021 forward
vo WA

PAN IX |
“ y A i
50 [NL awa 7
40
30

2018 2019 2020

™ Germany mi Netherlands ml United Kingdom Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

Significant decline in wholesale electricity prices. The drop in hard coal and natural gas
prices shaped the trajectory of the wholesale electricity markets last year. The decrease in
demand for energy triggered by the coronavirus pandemic was another influential factor.
In 2020, base-load electricity traded for an average of €30 / MWh on the German spot
market as opposed to €38/ MWh in the prior year. In the UK and the Netherlands, spot
prices declined from £43 to £35 / MWh (€40) and from €41 to €32 / MWh, respectively.
Electricity prices on the forward markets were higher than spot prices. Compared to 2019,
however, they were also marked by a significant decline. The 2021 base-load forward cost
€40/MWh on average. The comparable figure for the previous year was €48. One-year
forward prices declined from £52 to £44 /MWh (€49) in the UK and from €50 to €40/MWh
in the Netherlands.

41

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

2020 electricity forward sales: margins slightly higher year on year. In order to mitigate
the risk of short-term sales and price fluctuations, we sell most of our generation forward
and hedge the prices for the necessary fuel and emission allowances. Electricity revenue for
the period under review was thus greatly defined by the conditions of the forward contracts
for 2020, which were concluded in previous years. As we had begun conducting such
forward sales quite early for electricity production in our lignite and nuclear plants, which are
mainly used to cover base load needs, we were able to achieve higher prices and margins on
average for 2020 than for 2019. Sales of electricity from our hard coal and gas-fired
stations were subject to a shorter lead time. Here realised prices also rose, but opposing
effects were more notable due to the pre-2020 hike in CO emission allowance prices.
Whereas margins realised for our gas-fired power plants on the forward market were higher
overall than in 2019, margins for our hard coal-fired power stations stagnated at a low
level.


--- Page 21 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review
of operations
Major events,

3
Responsibility statement

2.4 Major events

We passed further milestones last year. In mid-2020, we completed the asset swap with
E.ON, which has transformed us into a leading renewable energy company. We also
made major inroads in the expansion of our wind and solar capacity. To gain even more
traction in this area, we conducted a capital increase and acquired the European
development business of Nordex. Furthermore, we discontinued our electricity
generation from hard coal in Germany and the UK. In doing so, we have proven that our
climate protection measures go far beyond what is required by law. In the following, we
present the material events that occurred in 2020 and the beginning of 2021. We have
focused on transactions that have not been commented on in detail elsewhere in the
review of operations.

Events in the fiscal year

Asset swap with E.ON finalised: RWE takes ownership of innogy’s renewable energy
business. At the end of June, we successfully completed our asset swap with E.ON, marking
one of the biggest transactions in German industrial history. The swap was agreed in early
2018 and implemented in two steps once the legal requirements had been met. First, we
sold our 76.8 % stake in innogy, in exchange for which we received E.ON's renewable energy
business, a 16.67 % shareholding in E.ON and the non-controlling interests in our
Gundremmingen (25%) and Emsland (12.5 %) nuclear power plants from E.ON subsidiary
PreussenElektra. These transfers took place shortly after the asset swap was approved by
the European Commission in September 2019. The second step, which took effect at the
end of the day on 30 June 2020, involved E.ON returning parts of the innogy portfolio to us,
i.e. the renewable energy business, the German and Czech gas storage facilities and a
37.9% stake in Austrian power utility KELAG. We had recorded these activities in our Group
figures before they were transferred back to us, as they were already assigned to us
commercially. Now they belong to RWE also in legal terms.

42

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

As part of the asset swap, we transferred our 49% interest in Slovak power utility VSE to
E.ON. We had taken over the VSE shareholding from innogy in 2019 in order to sell it to EON
later on at the same conditions. However, this was subject to the approval of the Slovak
government. We received state clearance in mid-2020, enabling the transaction to be
completed in August. The price of the stake in VSE had been considered in 2019 when
settling the payment claims arising from the asset swap with E.ON.

In December 2020, it was contractually agreed that we would receive from E.ON a 20%
stake in the UK offshore wind farm Rampion, which had not initially been considered in
implementing the asset swap. This will increase our stake in the 400 MW wind farm to
50.1%, making us the majority owner. We had already received a 30.1% interest from E.ON
in September 2019. We expect to complete the acquisition in 2021. The Rampion wind
farm is located off the coast of Sussex and has been operating commercially since 2018.

RWE increases financial headroom for renewable energy projects by increasing equity
by €2 billion. On 18/19 August, we issued 61.5 million new RWE shares to institutional
investors, thereby increasing RWE AG's capital stock by 10%. The shares were placed by way
of accelerated book building under exclusion of subscription rights. Based on the issue price
of €32.55 per share, we achieved gross proceeds of approximately €2 billion. We intend to
use these funds to speed up the expansion of renewable energy. The capital increase
caused the number of RWE shares to rise to 676.2 million. The new and old stock confer the
same rights. Despite the increase in the number of shares, the Executive Board of RWE AG
maintains its dividend target. Together with the Supervisory Board, it plans to propose a
dividend of €0.85 per share for the past fiscal year to the Annual General Meeting on

28 April 2021.


--- Page 22 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review
of operations
Major events,

3
Responsibility statement

RWE acquires European wind and solar projects from Nordex. In November, RWE
purchased the European project development business of wind turbine manufacturer
Nordex for €396 million. We received a project pipeline of new onshore wind and solar farms
with a total installed capacity of 2.7 GW. A total of 1.9 GW is located in France, with further
ventures in Spain, Sweden and Poland. At the end of 2020, a final investment decision was
reached for four projects in the pipeline, which will result in 76 MW of generation capacity.
Thanks to the Nordex transaction, we have added over 70 employees to our headcount,
mostly in France, who will develop further projects for RWE in the future.

RWE concludes agreements for lease to expand four UK offshore wind farms. Together
with project partners, we set the stage for an expansion of four wind farms off the coast of
the UK. We concluded agreements for lease with The Crown Estate, the authority in charge
of managing the assets of the British monarch. These contracts allow us to use further
areas neighbouring the Gwynt y Mér (576 MW), Greater Gabbard (504 MW), Galloper

(353 MW) and Rampion (400 MW) wind farms. This enables existing capacity to be doubled.
Including capacity from the remaining seabed option at Rampion, this could lead to 2.6 GW
in additional generation capacity. Based on the shareholding ratios, half of this is allocable
to RWE. Now our goal is to develop these projects rapidly. We expect the approval procedure
to take between three and five years. Thereafter, we will participate in auctions for state
subsidy contracts and - should we submit a winning bid - we will make the final investment
decisions. The new wind farms could then be commissioned towards the end of the decade.

Go-ahead for construction of Kaskasi wind farm in the North Sea. In March 2020, RWE
made the final investment decision to build the Kaskasi wind farm in the German North Sea.
It will be located 35 kilometres north of the island of Heligoland. Altogether, its 38 turbines
will have an installed capacity of 342 MW, enough to power approximately 400,000 homes.
Offshore construction work is scheduled to start in 2021. Based on our current planning,
Kaskasi should be fully online by as early as 2022. A novel vibration technique will be used to
install the foundations 18 to 25 metres under water. This new method reduces noise
emissions that can affect marine fauna and shortens construction time. Another advantage
is that Kaskasi will be located between our Nordsee Ost and Amrumbank wind farms,
enabling operation and maintenance synergies to be leveraged.

43

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

US wind farms with a net capacity of over 700 MW begin commercial operation. In the
fiscal year that just ended, we commissioned four large-scale onshore wind farms with a
total installed capacity of 719 MW in the USA. Peyton Creek (151 MW) was the first to go
online. The Texan wind farm was commissioned in March. Although construction work was
delayed by Tropical Storm Imelda, the wind farm managed to go online on schedule. Half a
year later, in September 2020, Cranell (220 MW), also located in Texas, went into,
commercial operation. Cranell experienced slight delays due to the corona crisis. Despite
the pandemic, Boiling Springs (Oklahoma, 148 MW) and Raymond East (Texas, 200 MW)
were completed before year-end. However, project completion for Scioto Ridge (Ohio,
250 MW), Cassadaga (New York State, 126 MW) and Raymond West (Texas, 240 MW) was
delayed to 2021.

RWE sells stake in Humber Gateway wind farm in the North Sea and four wind farms

in Texas. To increase our financial strength and improve the balance of our generation
portfolio, we sold shares in wind farms in the United Kingdom and the USA. In December,

UK investor Greencoat took a 49% interest in our Humber Gateway (219 MW) wind farm
located off the coast of East Yorkshire in the North Sea. Humber Gateway has officially been
online since 2015, and we remain the majority owner (51%) and operator of the wind farm.
Also in December, we agreed to divest stakes in our Texan onshore wind farms Stella

(201 MW), Cranell (220 MW), Raymond East (200 MW) and Raymond West (240 MW). The
buyers are a subsidiary of Canadian energy utility Algonquin Power & Utilities and Greencoat.
These two companies will take interests of 51% and 24% in the wind farms, respectively.
With the exception of the Raymond West transaction, these sales were completed in early
2021. As we will only retain 25 % ownership of the US wind farms, we will stop consolidating
them fully and instead account for them using the equity method. RWE will remain the
operator.


--- Page 23 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Major events,

3
Responsibility statement

RWE sells small hydro stations to KELAG. Austrian energy utility KELAG will purchase a
generation portfolio comprising 19 small hydroelectric power plants in France and Portugal
from us. A corresponding agreement was signed in December 2020. The portfolio has an
installed capacity of 65 MW, including several wind turbines with a combined capacity of

3 MW. The capacity figures are prorated, meaning that they reflect capacity in line with the
shareholding ratios. The sale is scheduled to be completed this year. KELAG is a leading
hydroelectric power producer and RWE holds a 37.9 % stake in the company.

State-of-the-art gas-fired power plant acquired in the east of England. Early in 2020,
we cemented our position as a leading generator of electricity from gas in the UK. In
February 2020, we bought the King's Lynn gas-fired power station in Norfolk (eastern
England) from British energy utility Centrica for the equivalent of €113 million. The station
has a net installed capacity of 382 MW and boasts a high efficiency of 57 %. Its operating
mode can be adapted flexibly in response to demand. A capacity market contract secures
fixed payments for King’s Lynn from October 2020 to September 2035. Recently, the power
plant was modernised extensively, which included equipping it with a new gas turbine.

Go-ahead to build a grid stabilisation plant at the Biblis site. Germany will be home to
anew RWE gas power station. We won the invitation to tender by transmission system
operator (TSO) Amprion for the construction and operation of a grid stabilisation plant at
the Biblis site. The station will have a capacity of 300 MW and is scheduled to be
commissioned no later than October 2022. It will not be available to the open market,
instead operating only on request from the TSO. Its sole purpose will be to help stabilise
power grid frequency, making a contribution to security of supply.

44

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE stops producing electricity from hard coal in Germany. With our early exit from hard
coal-fired electricity generation in Germany, we have taken a major step towards improving
our carbon footprint. The stage for this was set in the second half of 2020 when we won
remuneration contracts for Unit B (794 MW) in Ibbenbiren and Unit E (764 MW) at the
Westfalen site in Hamm in the first nationwide shutdown auction for hard coal power plants.
Therefore, since 1 January 2021 we may no longer market electricity from our last two
German hard coal power stations. We secured compensation of €216 million in the auction.
We will shut down the units as soon as the relevant transmission system operators confirm
that they are not needed to maintain grid stability. Including Niederaussem Block D

(297 MW), which was decommissioned at the end of 2020, we are thus taking a total of

1.9 GW offline right at the beginning of the German coal phaseout. A collective agreement
ensures that the shutdowns will be conducted in a socially acceptable manner.

The hard coal auction called for bids to win state subsidies to decommission 4 GW of power
plant capacity. The deadline for submitting bids was 1 September 2020. Those requesting
the lowest compensatory payment per metric ton of carbon dioxide avoided won contracts.
The auction was significantly oversubscribed, and eleven assets with a combined capacity
of as much as 4.8 GW submitted winning bids. The invitation to tender was the first of a
series of hard coal auctions through which the German Network Agency is implementing
the legally mandated coal phaseout. As we were successful with both our German hard
coal-fired power stations in the first round, there is no need for us to participate in further
auctions.

Welsh Aberthaw B hard coal power plant shut down. We have also stopped generating
electricity from hard coal in the United Kingdom. The last station in which we used this fuel,
Aberthaw B in Wales, was officially decommissioned at the end of March 2020. The station
consisted of three units with a total net capacity of 1,560 MW. Its British capacity market
obligations through to the end of September 2021 were transferred to third-party stations
or other units within RWE’s power plant fleet. Aberthaw B went into operation in 1971 and
has thus contributed to security of supply in the United Kingdom for nearly half a century.


--- Page 24 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Major events,

RWE successful in British capacity market auctions. In the first quarter of 2020, three
auctions were held for the British capacity market, some of the outcomes of which will have
a significant impact on the earnings of our power stations. The first round of bids, which
took place at the end of January, related to the delivery period from 1 October 2022 to

30 September 2023. RWE power plants qualified for capacity payments for a total secured
capacity of 6.5 GW. During the aforementioned period, these stations will be remunerated
for being online and thereby contributing to security of supply. However, at £6.44/kW (plus
inflation adjustment), the capacity payment established in the bidding procedure was much
lower than in similar auctions in earlier years.

At the beginning of February, a second auction was held, which related to the delivery period
from 1 October 2020 to 30 September 2021. An earlier auction for this period had already
taken place in December 2016, at which RWE stations with a total capacity of 8.0 GW
(including Aberthaw) qualified for a payment of £22.50/kW. The recent auction was held to
close remaining capacity gaps. Therefore, RWE only entered a small asset, which did not
submit a successful bid.

In the third auction, for the period from 1 October 2023 to 30 September 2024, which took
place in early March, remuneration was secured for 6.5 GW of RWE generation capacity.
The stations will receive a payment of £15.97 / kW (plus inflation adjustment).

Capacity auctions have been held in Great Britain since 2014. The government's objective
is to ensure that a sufficient amount of generation capacity is available to the national
market. In November 2018, the British capacity market had to be suspended for about a
year, because the approval it had been granted under subsidy law was declared null and
void by the Court of the European Union. After renewed clearance from Brussels in October
2019, capacity payments were resumed and the postponed auctions were held. In January
2020, we received approximately €50 million in retroactive payments for 2018 and about
€180 million for 2019. In our income statement, we had already recognised these cash
inflows with an effect on fiscal 2019.

45

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Wood pellet manufacturer Georgia Biomass sold to Enviva Partners. At the end of July,
we sold Georgia Biomass Holding to US-based Enviva Partners. The agreed price was
US$175 million. Georgia Biomass operates a large-scale plant in Waycross, Georgia, which
manufactures wood pellets for industrial use. The plant's most recent annual production
output totalled 800,000 metric tons. Our disposal of Georgia Biomass is in line with our new
strategic orientation. We no longer consider wood pellet production as one of our core
businesses. The buyer Enviva Partners, based in Bethesda, Maryland, ranks among the
world’s leading producers of this fuel.

Six-month interruption of generation from biomass in Eemshaven due to fire. We were
unable to produce electricity from biomass in the Dutch power station Eemshaven from
mid-May to mid-November 2020 due to fire damage. The two units ran solely on hard coal
during this period. The fire broke out in a biomass supply unit. No one was injured. The fire
affected our earnings by a low to medium double-digit million euro amount. The interruption
of generation from biomass resulted in a commensurate reduction in the state subsidy we
receive for co-firing this fuel. Moreover, we incurred costs for the storage of biomass stocks
which we had purchased forward early on.

Markus Krebber becomes CEO of RWE AG in May 2021 - Michael Miller and Zvezdana
Seeger on board since November 2020. Last year, the Supervisory Board of RWE AG
reached personnel decisions that will ensure the company’s continued success. In July, it
passed a resolution to give Markus Krebber (48) another term on the Executive Board
(through to 30 June 2026) and appoint him CEO in the near future. He will succeed Rolf
Martin Schmitz (63), whose contract will expire, as CEO with effect from 1 May 2021. The
Supervisory Board is confident that this will ensure that the Group maintains its strategic
orientation. Markus Krebber has been the CFO of RWE AG since 2016. Together with

Rolf Martin Schmitz, he has succeeded in transforming RWE into a leading renewable
energy company.


--- Page 25 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

3
Responsibility statement

Major events,

Zvezdana Seeger (56) and Michael Muller (49) will be Markus Krebber's fellow members on
the Executive Board of RWE AG. The Supervisory Board appointed the two executives to the
corporate body with effect from 1 November 2020. Before joining RWE, Zvezdana Seeger,
who holds a degree in economics, was a member of the Management Board of DB Privat-
und Firmenkundenbank AG and COO of Deutsche Bank AG's Private and Corporate
Business Unit. At RWE AG, she holds the human resources and IT offices and is also the
company's Labour Director. Michael Muller has held managerial positions at RWE since
2005. The most recent posts held by the engineering post-doctorate and economist were
those of Managing Director and CFO of the subsidiary RWE Supply & Trading GmbH.
Michael Muller is responsible for finance, taxes and business services at RWE AG. He will
succeed Markus Krebber as Chief Financial Officer when Mr. Krebber takes over as Chief
Executive Officer from Mr. Schmitz. Michael Muller will continue to hold his positions at
RWE Supply & Trading concurrently until 30 April 2021.

More detailed information on the members of the Executive Board of RWE AG can be found
at www.rwe.com/en/management-board-and-supervisory-board and on pages 9 et seq. of
this report.

Events after the close of the fiscal year

RWE wins rights to develop new offshore wind power sites in English North Sea. At an
auction held in February 2021, RWE secured the rights to develop 3,000 MW of offshore
wind capacity across two neighbouring locations in the English North Sea. In return, we will
pay an annual option fee of £82,552 / MW (plus inflation adjustment) until we make a final
investment decision. The sites are situated on Dogger Bank in a shallow region of the
North Sea. RWE is already developing Sofia, a further offshore wind project, in the vicinity.
First, all the new sites will be subjected to a Plan-Level Habitats Regulations Assessment
(HRA). Given a positive result, we will start developing the project and paying the option fee.
As soon as the necessary permits have been obtained, we can participate in a subsidy

46

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

auction for a contract for difference, after which we can make a final investment decision.
Then the option fee will be replaced by a much lower lease payment. If the project
progresses on schedule, the new wind farms could be commissioned towards the end of the
decade. Under The Crown Estate's auction at the beginning of the year, development rights
were won for a total of six offshore sites on which wind farms with a capacity of up to

7,980 MW can be built. Some of the participants also securing option rights submitted
much higher bids than us. RWE will pay the lowest annual average option fee per megawatt
among all successful bidders.

Considerable drop in earnings due to the worst cold wave in Texas in over a century.

In February 2021, an extraordinary cold front in parts of the USA caused substantial supply
outages. Winter storms and icy rain forced some RWE wind farms to go offline for several
days. We had sold forward a portion of the generation of these assets and therefore had to
buy electricity in order to meet our supply obligations. Due to the tight supply situation and
statutory price regulations, we had to pay up to US$9,000 / MWh for these purchases. This
weighed on earnings in the Onshore Wind /Solar segment by a low to medium triple-digit
million euro amount.

German government and power plant operators agree on compensation for nuclear
phaseout. In March 2021, the German government and the country’s nuclear power
station operators reached an agreement on the compensation due for the accelerated
nuclear phaseout. The talks were initiated because the German Constitutional Court
declared the original statutory compensation regulations null and void (see page 39). As
regards RWE, this relates to unusable generation contingents of 25.9 million MWh and
stranded investments of about €40 million. The government has indicated that it will pay
€33.22/MWh as compensation for the electricity contingents. Furthermore, the agreement
envisages that we will be reimbursed for half of the stranded investments. We accept this
solution. However, it is yet to be written into law and a public law contract between the
government and power plant operators. It also needs to be reviewed by the European
Commission for compliance with subsidy law. The agreement with the government did not
affect the Group's financial statements.


--- Page 26 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information

of operations statements

Business performance

2.5 Business performance

Despite the corona crisis, 2020 was a successful fiscal year for us. RWE achieved our earnings: it caused slight delays in wind projects and losses in our securities
adjusted EBITDA of €3.2 billion, which exceeded the guided range. This was primarily portfolio. Positive development was displayed not only by our earnings, but also by our
thanks to a very good trading performance. In addition, favourable weather conditions —_ carbon footprint: RWE’s CO. emissions recorded another significant decline. Last year,
enabled high utilisation of our wind farms. The pandemic only had a limited impact on they were already 62% below the 2012 level.

Business performance in 2020: what we forecast and what we accomplished @ Forecast overachieved
€ million @ Forecast met
© Forecast underachieved
soe ™ 2019 actual

1 Forecast for 2020?

Y 2,676 M 2020 actual
2,489 Y
2,183
Vi °
L771
1,267 in?
1,069 Yj
VV) Y
oe ° 67 61 ™ 0% we Y
472
295 Z 306
U ale Bol Gon alll

RWE Group Core business Offshore Wind Onshore Wind/ — Hydro/Biomass/Gas Supply &Trading Coal/Nuclear RWE Group RWE Group
Solar
1 Adjusted j Adjusted Adjusted
EBITDA EBIT net income

1 See pages 94 et seq. of the 2019 Annual Report. The hatched portion reflects the forecast range.

47


--- Page 27 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements
Business performance
Power generation Renewables Pumped storage, Gas Lignite Hard coal Nuclear Total*
batteries
GWh 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
Offshore Wind 7,009 4,116 = - = - = - = - = - 7,009 4,116
Onshore Wind/ Solar 16,762 8,056 - - - - - - - - - - 16,762 8,056
Hydro/Biomass/Gas SSH) 4,202 2,060 1,760 49,414 50,564 - - 3,584 9,466 = - 61,178 66,103
of which:
Germany? LSY 2,026 2,060 1,760 8,576 7,836 = - = - = - 12,583, 11,733
United Kingdom 460 S77 = - 25,250 33,482 = - = 654 = - 25,710 34,713
Netherlands 3,679 1,599 = - 11,307 6,564 = - 3,584 8,812 = - 18,570 16,975
Turkey = - = - 4,281 2,682 = - = - = - 4,281 2,682
Coal / Nuclear? 19 12 - - 726 224 36,649 48,249 Sei 4,734 20,682 21,233 61,826 74,890
RWE Group 29,700 16,386 2,060 1,760 50,140 50,788 36,649 48,249 UVES 14,200 20,682 21,233 146,775 153,165

1 Including production volumes not attributable to any of the energy sources mentioned (e.g. electricity from oil-fired power stations).
2 Including electricity from generation assets not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term use agreements. These purchases amounted to 2,157 GWh (previous year: 1,829 GWh) in the Hydro/ Biomass /Gas

segment and 1,009 GWh (previous year: 1,791 GWh) in the Coal / Nuclear segment.

Electricity production 4% down on prior year. In the fiscal year that just came to a close,
the RWE Group produced 146,775 GWh of electricity, of which 20 % was generated from
renewables, i.e. wind, sun and biomass. Natural gas accounted for a share of 34%. Lignite
and hard coal continued to lose significance, contributing 25% and 5% to our power
production. The portion attributable to nuclear fuel was 14%.

Our electricity generation dropped by 4% compared to the previous year. The most
significant declines were recorded by our hard coal and lignite power stations. One
contributing factor was that gas, the energy source competing with coal, was occasionally
much cheaper and therefore more attractive than in the previous year. Furthermore, the
corona crisis and substantial amounts of wind power put on the system reduced demand

for conventionally generated electricity. Due to the latter circumstance, less use was made
of our British gas-fired power stations than in 2019. Our electricity generation from gas
grew elsewhere; in Germany this was partly driven by said decline in the price of gas. In
addition, in the Netherlands, Claus C resumed operations after being offline for several
years because it was not profitable. More use was also made of our gas-fired power plant
in Denizli, Turkey. One of the reasons was that the large share of local electricity supply
customarily accounted for by hydropower experienced a weather-induced drop.

The contribution of renewable energy to our electricity generation rose considerably. This

was mainly because the operations transferred from E.ON to RWE in September 2019 were
considered in our figures for a full twelve months for the first time. In addition, we benefited

48


--- Page 28 ---

2
Combined review
of operations

Business performance

1
To our investors

3
Responsibility statement

from favourable wind conditions and the commissioning of new onshore wind farms.
The fact that our Dutch hard coal-fired power stations Amer 9 and Eemshaven are now
increasingly run on biomass also had a positive impact. However, biomass usage in
Eemshaven was interrupted from May to November 2020 due to fire damage.

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

In addition to our in-house generation, we procure electricity from suppliers outside of the
Group. In the year being reviewed, these purchases totalled 53,940 GWh (previous year:
46,476 GWh). In-house generation and power purchases combined for 200,715 GWh
(previous year: 199,641 GWh).

Power generation from renewables Offshore Wind Onshore Wind Solar Hydro Biomass Total

GWh 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
Germany 2,082 1,299 1,168 1,106 3 1 1,674 1,856 4 46 4,931 4,308
United Kingdom 4,690 2,755 2,134 1,278 = - 118 193 342 383 7,284 4,609
Netherlands = - 768 702 7 - 14 18 3,665 1,581 4,454 2,301
Poland = - 997 733 1 1 = - = - 998 734
Spain = - 890 1,047 Bil - 29 20 = - 970 1,067
Italy = - 882 406 = - = - = - 882 406
Sweden 237 62 339 106 = - = - = - 576 168
USA = - 9,059 2,564 271 35 = - = - 9,330 2,599
Rest of the world = - 30 28 99 2 146 164 = - 275 194
RWE Group 7,009 4,116 16,267 7,970 432 39 1,981 2,251 4,011 2,010 29,700 16,386

Lower generation capacity due to coal power plant closures. At the end of 2020, we had
a total installed power production capacity of 40.7 GW, giving us a leading market position
in Europe. This figure includes electricity from generation assets not owned by us that we
can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term agreements. Conversely, we no longer
consider our five German lignite blocks, which are in legally mandated security standby and
will be shut down for good, a process that will start in 2021 and end in 2023. We have
adjusted the prior-year figures accordingly.

Our generation capacity dropped by 0.7 GW last year, above all due to the German coal
phaseout. As set out on page 44, the Ibbenbiiren B (794 MW) and Westfalen E (764 MW)

hard coal-fired power plants were decommissioned at the end of 2020. They are scheduled
to be shut down in 2021 and were therefore excluded from the capacity figures as of the
balance-sheet date. The Niederaussem D lignite block (297 MW) was also shut down at the
end of the year. Conversely, we added a gas-fired power plant to our fleet through the
acquisition of King’s Lynn (382 MW) in the east of England. We increased production
capacity from renewables by 1 GW primarily by completing four large-scale onshore wind
farms in the USA (see page 43). The conversion of the Dutch Amer 9 and Eemshaven hard
coal-fired power stations for increased biomass co-firing also contributed to the rise in
renewable energy capacity. This led to a commensurate decline in the share of generation
from these assets attributable to hard coal.

49


--- Page 29 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business performance

In terms of generation capacity, gas is our main energy source, accounting for a share of
35% at the close of 2020. Renewables are in second place, with a share of 25%. At the end
of 2020, our wind turbines had a total installed capacity of 8.5 GW, of which 6.6 GW were
onshore and 1.9 GW were offshore. This makes wind our most important source of
renewable energy, followed by biomass (0.8 GW), hydropower (0.6 GW) and solar (0.2 GW).

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

The geographic focus of our generation business is Germany, where 51% of our installed
capacity is located. The United Kingdom and the Netherlands follow, accounting for shares of
23% and 14%, respectively. As a result of the acquisition of E.ON's renewable energy business
in September 2019, the USA has become our fourth most important generation market.
More than half of our onshore wind turbines are situated there, most of which are in Texas.

Installed capacity Renewables Pumped storage, Gas Lignite Hard coal Nuclear Total?
As of 31 December 2020, MW batteries 2020 2019
Offshore Wind 1,918 - - - - - 1918 1,918
Onshore Wind/Solar 6,858 20 - - - - 6877 6,063
Hydro /Biomass/ Gas 1,366 2,336 13,901 1474 19,369 19,080
of which:
Germany? 432 2,336 3,807 - - - 6614 6,583
United Kingdom 137 - 6,984 - - - 7.374 7,118
Netherlands /Belgium 748 - 2,323 - 1474 - 4545 4519
Turkey - - 787 - - - 787 787
Coal /Nuclear® 7 - 400 8,548 783 2,770 12,535 14,352
RWE Group* 10,148 2,358 14,301 8,548 2,257 2,770 40,702 41,415

1 Assets scheduled for decommissioning are excluded from the capacity overview once they stop producing electricity. They include our five lignite units in legally mandated security standby (1,448 MW) which have therefore been excluded from
the figures for 2020 and 2019. The Ibbenburen B and Westfalen E hard coal-fired power stations stopped being included at the end of 2020. The commercial rounding of certain figures can result in inaccurate sum totals.

2 Including capacity not attributable to any of the energy sources mentioned (e.g. oil-fired power stations).

3 Including capacity of generation assets not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term use agreements. At the end of 2020, these assets accounted for a net installed capacity of 2,211 MW

in the Hydro/Biomass/ Gas segment and 783 MW in the Coal/Nuclear segment.
4 Including insignificant capacity at RWE Supply & Trading.

50


--- Page 30 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Business performance

3
Responsibility statement

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Installed capacity based on renewables? Offshore wind Onshore wind Solar Hydro. Biomass Total
As of 31 December 2020, MW 2020 2019
Germany 598 666 3 432 - 1,698 1,706
United Kingdom 1,272 707 - 82 55 pmlelag 2,115
Netherlands - 268 - 11 737 1,016 855
Poland - 385 1 - - 386 386
Spain - 447 45 12 - 504 459
Italy - 475 - - - 475 475
Sweden 48 116 - - - 164 164
USA - 3,543 125 - - 3,668 2,949
Rest of the world - 10 47 65 - 122 71
RWE Group 1,918 6,616 220 602 792 10,148 9,180
1 The commercial rounding of certain figures can result in inaccurate sum totals.
Significant decline in CO2 emissions. Last year, our power stations emitted 68.9 million CO, emissions 2020 2019 +/-
metric tons of carbon dioxide. This was 19.2 million metric tons, or 22%, less than in 2019. Million metric tons
The main reason for the drop was the substantial reduction in electricity generation from Hydro / Biomass /Gas 212 263 -5.1
lignite and hard coal last year. We posted a decrease not only in our absolute but also our F which
of which:
specific emissions, i.e. carbon dioxide per megawatt hour of electricity generated, which fell
2
from 0.58 to 0.47 metric tons. Germany SS 55 02
United Kingdom 9.1 12.9 -3.8
We need emission allowances for nearly all our carbon dioxide emissions. We normally Netherlands 7.0 O21 -2.1
purchase the certificates on the forward market. Western European countries allocate free Turkey 1.6 1.0 06
emission allowances to energy companies only in exceptional cases. In the year being Coal/Nuclear 477 618 “141
reviewed, we were only able to cover 1.1 million metric tons of carbon dioxide with such
RWE Group 68.9 88.1 -19.2

state allocations.

51

1 Including CO2 emissions of power stations not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of
long-term use agreements. In 2020, these stations emitted a total of 1.1 million metric tons of CO2 (previous year:
1.3 million metric tons).


--- Page 31 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business performance

51.4 million metric tons of lignite produced. Our generation companies procure the fuel
they need either directly on the market or via RWE Supply & Trading, except for lignite, which
we source from proprietary opencast mines. In our Rhenish mining area west of Cologne, we
produced 51.4 million metric tons of lignite last year. This was 13.4 million metric tons less
than in the preceding year, owing to the lower utilisation of our power plants. We used the
lion's share, or 41.8 million metric tons, of lignite to generate electricity. The remainder was
employed in the manufacture of refined products (e.g. lignite powder, hearth furnace coke
and briquettes) and, to a limited extent, to generate process steam and district heat.
External sales volume: marginal gain for electricity; accounting effect reduces gas
sales. Last year, we sold 194,465 GWh of electricity and 36,463 GWh of gas, compared to
191,973 GWh and 56,640 GWh in 2019. These transactions were largely effected by the
Supply & Trading segment. We sold slightly more of our main product, electricity. Supply
volumes at RWE Renewables rose considerably, but RWE Supply & Trading sold much less
electricity from RWE power stations externally. Our gas deliveries decreased by 36%. The

main reason was that we started recording gas sales by RWE Supply & Trading in the Czech
Republic as pure trading transactions on 1 July 2019, eliminating them from sales volume
and revenue.

52

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

External revenue 2020 2019 +/-
€ million

Offshore Wind 332 85 247
Onshore Wind /Solar 1,855 1,265 590
Hydro / Biomass /Gas 1,056 1,200 -144
Supply & Trading 9,597 9,554 43
Other 9 6 3
Core business 12,849 12,110 739
Coal / Nuclear 839 1,015 -176
RWE Group (excluding natural gas tax/

electricity tax) 13,688 13,125 563
Natural gas tax/electricity tax 208 152 56
RWE Group 13,896 13,277 619

External revenue slightly up on 2019. Our revenue from customers outside of the Group
totalled €13,688 million (excluding natural gas tax and electricity tax), 4 % more than in the
prior year. Our electricity revenue recorded an increase of 14% to €11,701 million, clearly
exceeding sales growth. Two effects came to bear here: we realised higher market prices for
the electricity generation of our conventional power stations than in 2019 and we benefited
from the shift in our production to electricity from renewables, for which we usually receive
payments exceeding the market level. Conversely, our gas revenue dropped by 54% to
€534 million. The aforementioned change in the recognition of revenue in the Czech
Republic was the main reason. In addition, lower gas prices came to bear.


--- Page 32 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Business performance

3
Responsibility statement

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

External revenue by product* 2020 2019 +/- Adjusted EBITDA 2020 2019 +/-

€ million € million

Electricity revenue 11,701 10,250 1,451 Offshore Wind 1,069 614 455
of which: Onshore Wind/ Solar 472 295 177
Offshore Wind 332 85 247 Hydro / Biomass /Gas 621 672 -51
Onshore Wind/ Solar 1,676 943 733 Supply & Trading 539 731 -192
Hydro/Biomass/Gas 684 671 13 Other, consolidation =25) -129 104
Supply & Trading 8,775 8,259 516 Core business 2,676 2,183 493
Other 1 1 - Coal/ Nuclear 559 306 253
Core business 11,468 9,959 1,509 RWE Group 3,235 2,489 746
Coal/Nuclear 233 291 -58

Gas revenue eke 1,156 ~622 Adjusted EBITDA 30% up year on year. Our adjusted earnings before interest, taxes,
of which: depreciation and amortisation (adjusted EBITDA) amounted to €3,235 million. We thus
Hydro /Biomass/Gas 5 22 -17 _ overachieved the March 2020 outlook we published on pages 94 et seq. of the 2019
Supply &Trading 529 1,134 -605 Annual Report, which envisaged a range of €2,700 million to €3,000 million. Adjusted
Core business 534 1,156 -622 EBITDA from our core business, which we had projected to be between €2,150 million and

Other revenue 1,453 1,719 -266 €2,450 million, also clearly exceeded expectations, totalling €2,676 million. This was

RWE Group (excluding natural gas tax/ primarily due to energy trading, which recorded another very strong result following the

electricity tax) 13,688 13,125 563 exceptional performance in 2019. Adjusted EBITDA achieved by the RWE Group posted

1 Some prior-year figures adjusted.

Sustainable investors are increasingly interested in the portion of total RWE Group revenue
accounted for by coal-fired generation and other coal products. In the fiscal year that just
ended, this share was 23%.

53

30% year-on-year growth. This was mainly because the operations transferred from E.ON
to RWE in September 2019 were considered in the consolidated financial statements for
a full twelve months for the first time. The increased utilisation of our wind farms also made
acontribution to the rise in earnings.

The following developments were observed in the segments:

+ Offshore Wind: Here, adjusted EBITDA totalled €1,069 million. Our guidance envisaged
a figure between €900 million and €1,100 million. Compared to 2019, we posted an
increase of 74 %. This was a result of the inclusion of E.ON's renewable energy business in
our figures for a full year for the first time. Improved wind conditions also had a positive
effect. They played a role in our closing the fiscal year at the upper end of the forecast range.


--- Page 33 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business performance

+ Onshore Wind / Solar: Adjusted EBITDA recorded by this segment amounted to
€472 million, falling short of the expected range of €500 million to €600 million. Corona-
induced delays in commissioning new wind farms came to bear here. Therefore, these
assets were unable to make the expected contribution to earnings in 2020. The negative
effect of the corona crisis on electricity market prices also led to unplanned earnings
shortfalls. This affected wind farms, the generation of which we cannot sell at firm
conditions and which are therefore exposed to market risks. Relative to the previous year,
adjusted EBITDA improved by 60%, predominantly due to the first full-year inclusion of the
renewable energy business we received from E.ON. In addition, we benefited from the
commissioning of new generation capacity.

+ Hydro/Biomass/Gas: In this segment, adjusted EBITDA came in at €621 million. We had
forecast a figure between €550 million and €650 million. Earnings were down 8%
compared to 2019. One reason for this was lower income from participating in the British
capacity market, which was suspended for about a year pursuant to a high court decision
in November 2018. Following the resumption of capacity payments, earnings for 2019
included back payments for 2018. In the Netherlands, the economic situation of the
Eemshaven power station deteriorated, whereas the Claus C gas-fired power plant made
a stronger contribution to earnings after having been mothballed for several years. Our
income from the commercial optimisation of power plant dispatch was lower than in
2019, but higher than planned. This was the main reason why the segment's adjusted
EBITDA was at the upper end of the forecast range.

+ Supply & Trading: Our performance in the trading business was much better than
expected. Accordingly, at €539 million, adjusted segment EBITDA was clearly above
the forecast range of €150 million to €350 million. Despite this, we were unable to
match the earnings achieved in the previous year (€731 million) which benefited from
an exceptionally strong trading performance. Our gas business also displayed very
satisfactory development which, however, was not quite as good as in 2019.

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2020

+ Coal/Nuclear: Adjusted EBITDA recorded here amounted to €559 million, which was
within the anticipated range of €500 million to €600 million. This represents 83 % growth
compared to the preceding year. The main reason for this was that we realised higher
wholesale prices for electricity generated by our lignite-fired and nuclear power plants
than in 2019. We had already sold forward nearly all of the production of these stations in
earlier years. Another positive effect came from our acquisition in September 2019 of
E.ON's minority interests in the Gundremmingen and Emsland nuclear power plants.

Adjusted EBIT 2020 2019 +/-
€ million

Offshore Wind 697 377 320
Onshore Wind / Solar 86 59 27
Hydro / Biomass / Gas 283 342 -59
Supply & Trading 496 691 -195
Other, consolidation -25 -128 103
Core business 1,537 1,341 196
Coal / Nuclear 234 -74 308
RWE Group 1,771 1,267 504

Adjusted EBIT 40% up on prior year. The RWE Group's adjusted EBIT rose by 40% to
€1,771 million, clearly exceeding the forecast range of €1,200 million to €1,500 million.
This growth was driven by the same factors benefiting adjusted EBITDA. The difference
between these two key figures is that operating depreciation and amortisation, which
amounted to €1,464 million in 2020 compared to €1,222 million in the previous year,

is considered in adjusted EBIT, but not in adjusted EBITDA.


--- Page 34 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements
Business performance
Reconciliation to net income 2020 2019 +/- Non-operating result 2020 2019 +/-
€ million € million
Adjusted EBITDA 3,235 2,489 746 Disposal result 13 48 -35
Operating depreciation, amortisation and Effect on income from the valuation of
impairment losses -1,464 -1,222 -242 derivatives and inventories 1,886 81 1,805
Adjusted EBIT 1,771 1,267 504 Other - 2,020 -1,210 -810
Non-operating result =12 -1,081 960 Non-operating result -121 -1,081 960
Financial result -454 -938 484
Income from continuing operations before taxes a736) -752 1,948 The non-operating result, in which we recognise certain factors which are not related to
Taxes on income ~563 92 -455 operations or the period being reviewed, improved by €960 million to - €121 million in the
Income from continuing operations 833 -660 1,493 past fiscal year. Its components were as follows:
Income from discontinued operations 221 9,816 -9,595
Income 1,054 9,156 8,102 + At 15 million, income from the disposal of investments and assets was immaterial
which (previous year: €48 million). It largely resulted from the sale of US wood pellet producer

omni Georgia Biomass (see page 45).

Non-controlling interests 59 643 -584

RWE AG hybrid capital investors’ interest a 15 -15 + At€1,886 million, the effects of the valuation of derivatives and inventories on earnings

Net income / income attributable to
RWE AG shareholders 995 8,498 -7,503

Reconcili

ition to net income: exceptional effects overshadow operating development.
The reconciliation from adjusted EBIT to net income was greatly affected by one-off effects.
Substantial income from the valuation of derivatives was counterbalanced by impairments
of a similar order recognised for coal-fired power plants and opencast mines. Unlike in the
preceding year, the positive exceptional effect of the asset swap with E.ON did not play a
role in the reporting year: in 2019 the sale of innogy’s grid and retail businesses and the
stake in Czech gas network operator innogy Grid Holding (IGH) led to a deconsolidation gain
of €8.3 billion. There was no similar effect in 2020. Accordingly, net income was significantly
below the high level achieved in the prior year.

55

were unusually high, after totalling €81 million in the preceding year. However, such
effects are only temporary and are due in part to the fact that, pursuant to IFRS, financial
instruments used to hedge price risks are accounted for at fair value at the corresponding
balance-sheet date, whereas the hedged underlying transactions are only recognised as
a profit or loss when they are realised.

In the ‘other line item, we reported a loss of €2,020 million (previous year: €1,210 million).
This was mainly caused by €1.8 billion in impairments recognised for power plants and
opencast mines in reaction to the German coal phaseout and deteriorated market
prospects. We completely wrote off our German Ibbenbtrren B and Westfalen E hard coal-
fired power stations, which won decommissioning remuneration contracts in an auction
held by the German Network Agency. The compensation claim of €216 million obtained
in the bidding process was also recognised with an effect on income. The impairments
also related to our lignite business and our Dutch power stations.


--- Page 35 ---

2
Combined review
of operations

Business performance

1
To our investors

3
Responsibility statement

Financial result 2020 2019 +/-
€ million
Interest income 283 185 98
of which: E.ON dividend 182 - 182
Interest expenses -296 -258 -38
Net interest -13 -73 60
Interest accretion to non-current provisions -255 -881 626
of which: interest accretion to mining provisions -186 -581 395
Other financial result -186 16 -202
Financial result -454 -938 484

Our financial result totalled - €454 million, exceeding the year-earlier figure by €484 million.
Its components changed as follows:

+ Netinterest improved by €60 million to -€13 million because, for the first time, we
received a dividend from the stake in E.ON we acquired in 2019, which currently amounts
to 15%. However, we also registered higher interest charges. This was in part due to the
first full-year consideration of E.ON's renewable energy business, which caused us to
recognise higher expenses for financing onshore wind farms in the USA. Moreover, there
was a rise in costs incurred to hedge currencies for business activities outside of the
Eurozone.

The interest accretion to non-current provisions reduced income by €255 million.
In the previous year, the decline was much more substantial (€881 million). ln 2019,
we significantly lowered the real discount rate applied when calculating our mining
provisions. This led to an increase in the present value of the obligations, which was
in part recognised as an expense in the interest accretion.

56

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

+ The other financial result dropped by €202 million to -€186 million. We suffered losses
on our portfolio of securities due to the turmoil on the capital markets caused by the
coronavirus pandemic, having achieved gains in the previous year. In addition,
unfavourable development of interest and currency exchange rates had a negative effect
onincome from financial transactions.

Before taxes, our continuing operations posted income of €1,196 million (previous year:
-€752 million). Taxes on income amounted to €363 million, corresponding to an effective
tax rate of 30%. In light of RWE’s tax gains, this is a fairly high number. The amortisation of
deferred tax assets was the main reason for this. A counteracting effect on the tax rate
stemmed from a reduction of our tax risk provision. After taxes, our continuing operations
achieved income of €833 million (previous year: - €660 million).

Income from discontinued operations amounted to €221 million. It stemmed from the
stake in Slovak energy utility VSE, which we acquired from innogy in 2019 and transferred
to E.ON in August 2020 (see page 42). This figure includes the deconsolidation gain of
€154 million. In the previous year, this item included the earnings from all of the discontinued
innogy operations. We sold them in September 2019, except for VSE. The deconsolidation
gain (€8,258 million) caused income from discontinued operations to be exceptionally high
(€9,816 million).

Non-controlling interests in income declined by €584 million to €59 million. This was due to
the sale of our stake in innogy (76.8 %) in September 2019. Since then, there has been no
more income attributable to minority shareholders of the innogy Group.

The portion of earnings attributable to RWE hybrid capital investors was zero (previous year:
€15 million). Our only hybrid bond classified as equity pursuant to IFRS was redeemed in
March 2019. RWE's remaining hybrid capital is classified as debt, and the interest on it is
recognised in the financial result.


--- Page 36 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business performance

The RWE Group's net income amounted to €995 million (previous year: €8,498 million). This
resulted in earnings per share of €1.56 (previous year: €13.82). An average of 637.3 million
RWE shares were outstanding in the reporting year. This figure was higher than in 2019
(614.7 million) due to the capital increase of August 2020.

Reconciliation to adjusted net income Original — Adjustment Adjusted
€ million figures figures
Adjusted EBIT 1,771 - 1,771
Non-operating result -121 121 =
Financial result -454 139 -315
Income from continuing operations before taxes 1,196 260 1,456
Taxes on income -363 145 -218
Income from continuing operations 833 405 1,238
Income from discontinued operations 221 -221 =
Income 1,054 184 1,238

of which:

Non-controlling interests 59 -34 25

Net income / income attributable to
RWE AG shareholders 995 218 1,213

Adjusted net income higher than expected. Adjusted net income amounted to

€1,213 million. Due to the unexpectedly positive operating earnings, it exceeded the guided
range of €850 million to €1,150 million. We calculate adjusted net income by deducting
from net income according to IFRS the non-operating result, income from discontinued
operations as well as major special items in the financial result and in income attributable to
other shareholders. Instead of the actual tax rate, we use a rate of 15%, in line with the
average tax burden expected in coming years. We did not state adjusted net income for
2019 because this figure would have been of limited informational value due to the
significant one-off effects of the asset swap with E.ON.

57

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020

Consolidated financial Further information

statements
Capital expenditure on property, plant and 2020 2019 +/-
equipment and on intangible assets?
€ million
Offshore Wind 756 492 264
Onshore Wind/ Solar 1,154 752 402
Hydro / Biomass /Gas 55 212 -59
Supply & Trading 43 29 14
Other, consolidation = -3 3
Core business 2,106 1,482 624
Coal/ Nuclear 183 281 -98
RWE Group? 2,285 1,767 518

1 Table only shows cash investments. Prior-year figures restated accordingly.

2 Including a - €4 million (2020) and €4 million (2019) consolidation effect between the core business and the

Coal /Nuclear segment.

Capital expenditure on financial assets* 2020 2019 +/-
€ million

Offshore Wind 520 - 520
Onshore Wind /Solar 408 46 362
Hydro / Biomass /Gas 115 2 113
Supply & Trading 18 68 -50
Other, consolidation 11 -112 123
Core business 1,072 4 1,068
Coal / Nuclear 1 - 1
RWE Group 1,073 4 1,069

1 Table only shows cash investments. Prior-year figures restated accordingly.


--- Page 37 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Business performance

3
Responsibility statement

Capital expenditure substantially up on 2019. In fiscal 2020, capital expenditure
amounted to €3,358 million, surpassing the year-earlier level (€1,771 million) by 90%.
Unlike in the past, we now only focus on capital expenditure with an effect on cash in our
financial reporting. About 85 % of the funds were used in the Offshore Wind and Onshore
Wind/Solar segments.

Compared to 2019, our spending on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
rose by 29% to €2,285 million. This was mainly due to the first full-year inclusion of capital
expenditure in the renewable energy business received from E.ON. Last year, a substantial
portion of the funds was used to build the Triton Knoll and Kaskasi wind farms in the North
Sea as well as several major US onshore wind farms. Our capital spending on financial
assets, which was immaterial in 2019, totalled €1,073 million in the year under review.
Major expenditure items were the 20% stake we will take in the Rampion offshore wind farm
in the UK, the acquisition of Nordex’s European development business, and the purchase of
the 382 MW King's Lynn gas-fired power station in the east of England. We have provided
detailed information on these transactions on pages 42 et seqq.

Workforce? 31Dec 2020 31Dec 2019 +/-
Offshore Wind 1119 1,016 103
Onshore Wind /Solar 2,402 2,462 -60
Hydro / Biomass / Gas 2,667 2,893 -226
Supply & Trading 1,790 1,633 157
Other? 425 314 111
Core business 8,403 8,318 85
Coal /Nuclear 11,095 11.474 -379
RWE Group 19,498 19,792 -294

1 Converted to full-time positions.
2 This item exclusively comprises employees of the holding company RWE AG.

58

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Headcount marginally down year on year. As of 31 December 2020, the RWE Group had
19,498 people on its payroll, of which 14,701 were employed in Germany and 4,797,
worked abroad. Part-time positions were considered in these numbers on a pro-rata basis.
Personnel figures were down slightly compared to the end of 2019 (- 294). We recorded the
biggest decline in the Coal/ Nuclear segment, where headcount decreased by 379, to a
certain extent due to partial retirement programmes. By contrast, the workforce in our core
business grew by 85. Major contributing factors were the construction of the UK North Sea
wind farm Triton Knoll and the acquisition of Nordex’s European development business. In
addition, we need more employees to continue developing the Group's IT infrastructure. This
led to new hires, above all in the Supply & Trading segment. A counteracting effect came
from sales of operations by our subsidiary Belectric, which specialises in developing solar
farms and energy storage systems. Staff figures do not include apprentices or trainees. At
the end of 2020, 750 young adults were learning a profession at RWE, compared to 701 in
the previous year.


--- Page 38 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review

of operations

Financial position and net worth

3
Responsibility statement

2.6 Financial position and net worth

Our financial position and net worth continued to improve in the fiscal year that just
ended. The main drivers were a significant increase in cash flows from operating
activities and the capital increase conducted in August 2020. Our net debt dropped to
€4.4 billion despite the substantial amount of capital spent on renewable energy. By the
end of the year, it was just 1.7 times higher than adjusted EBITDA of the core business.
As a result, we remained well below the self-imposed upper limit of 3.0. The equity ratio
also displayed positive development, rising by 1.8 percentage points to 29.1%.

Responsibility for procuring funds. Responsibility for Group financing is pooled at

RWE AG. As the parent company, RWE AG is responsible for acquiring funds from banks or
the financial markets. Subsidiaries only raise debt capital directly in specific cases, for
example if it is advantageous economically to make use of local credit and capital markets.
RWE AG also acts as a co-ordinator when subsidiaries assume contingent liabilities. This
allows us to manage and monitor financial risks centrally. Moreover, it strengthens our
position when negotiating with banks, business partners, suppliers and customers.

Tools for raising debt capital. We cover a major portion of our financing needs with
earnings from our operating activities. In addition, we have a wide range of tools to procure
debt capital.

+ Our Debt Issuance Programme (DIP) gives us latitude in raising debt capital for the long
term. Our current DIP allows us to issue bonds with a total face value of €10 billion.
However, RWE AG has not made any such issuances since 2015.

59

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

+ We have a Commercial Paper Programme for short-term refinancing, which was updated
last year. It enables us to raise funds equivalent to up to €5 billion on the money market
(before update: US$5 billion). We only made moderate use of these funds in the past fiscal
year. At times, a total of up to €1.2 billion in commercial paper was outstanding.

Furthermore, we have access to a €5 billion syndicated credit line, which serves to secure
liquidity. It was granted to us by a consortium of 27 international banks and consists of
two tranches: one of €3 billion, which expires in April 2025, and one of €2 billion, which we
have been granted through to April 2021. Each tranche can be extended for a year. We
require the banks’ approval for this with regard to the first tranche, but not for the second
one. So far, RWE has not used the syndicated credit line.

Bond volume drops to €0.6 billion. RWE bonds with a total face value of €0.6 billion

were outstanding at the end of 2020. Essentially, these were two hybrid bonds: one of
€282 million with a 3.5% coupon and one of US$317 million with a 6.625 % coupon. Due to
early buybacks in October 2017, the outstanding amounts are below the issuance volumes
of €550 million and US$500 million. The bonds’ earliest redemption dates are in April 2025
and March 2026. A third hybrid bond with a volume of €539 million and a coupon of 2.75%
was redeemed at the first call date, in October 2020, without being replaced with new
hybrid capital. It had an original face value of €700 million and was reduced by €161 million
through bond buybacks in 2017.


--- Page 39 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Financial position and net worth

Borrowing costs rise to 2.3 %. In 2020, the cost of debt for RWE was 2.3%. It was
calculated for our average liabilities from bonds, commercial paper and bank loans held
during the year. The cost of debt was slightly higher than in the preceding year (1.4 %). This
was because we refinanced our business to a lesser extent via commercial paper. The
interest rates of these bonds are relatively low due to their short maturities. In the reporting
year, we had less need for debt financing than in 2019, in part due to the capital increase
conducted in August, which resulted in proceeds of €2.0 billion (see page 42).

Solid investment grade rating. The level of our borrowing costs partially depends on rating
agencies assessment of our creditworthiness. Moody's and Fitch make such evaluations on
request from us. They both give us a credit rating of investment grade. The agency gives our
long-term creditworthiness a rating of ‘Baa3’, which was confirmed in March 2020 after an
extensive review. In addition, Moody's offered the prospect of an upgrade by raising the
outlook on our rating from ‘stable’ to ‘positive’ It explained this step by citing RWE’s improved
risk profile resulting from our transformation to a leading renewable energy company. Fitch
rates us one grade better than Moody's: ‘BBB’, with a stable outlook.

Credit rating of RWE AG (as of 31 Dec 2020) Moody's Fitch
Non-current financial liabilities
Senior debt Baa3 BBB
Subordinated debt (hybrid bonds) Ba2 BB+
Current financial liabilities P-3 F2
Outlook Positive Stable

60

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Cash flow statement* 2020 2019 +/-
€ million

Funds from operations 4138 1809 2,329
Change in working capital -13 -2786 = -.2,773
Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations 4,125 -977 5,102
Cash flows from investing activities of continuing operations -4,278 474 -4,752
Cash flows from financing activities of continuing operations 1,769 189 1,580
Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates and other changes

in value on cash and cash equivalents -34 13 -47
Total net changes in cash and cash equivalents 1,582 -301 1,883
Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations 4,125 -977 5,102
Minus capital expenditure -3,358 -1771 -1,587
Plus proceeds from divestitures /asset disposals 365 695 -330
Free cash flow 1,132 -2,053 3,185

1 Allitems relate solely to continuing operations.

Significantly improved operating cash flows of €4.1 billion. We generated cash flows of
€4,125 million from the operating activities of our continuing operations, compared to
-€977 million in the previous year. The substantial improvement was in part due to the
positive development of the operating result. Added to this were effects that were reflected
in the change in working capital. For example, commodity forward transactions led to
substantial cash outflows in the prior year. Conversely, we achieved considerable income
from such transactions in 2020.


--- Page 40 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Financial position and net worth

Investing activities of continuing operations led to a cash outflow of €4,278 million. This
was predominantly due to €3,358 million in capital expenditure on property, plant and
equipment, which was contrasted by €365 million in proceeds from divestments.
Furthermore, we made substantial purchases of securities, primarily to invest the proceeds
from the capital increase temporarily. Conversely, in the previous year, we registered
significant income from the sale of securities. This was one of the reasons why we received
€474 million in net cash inflows from investing activities in 2019.

At €1,769 million, our cash flows from financing activities of continuing operations were
much higher than the year-earlier figure (€189 million). This reflected the capital increase
conducted in August, from which we received proceeds of €1,990 million. Furthermore, in
the reporting year we issued slightly more financial debt than we repaid, leading to a net
cash inflow of €61 million. Our dividend payments to RWE shareholders (€492 million) and
minority shareholders (€30 million) had an opposite effect.

On balance, the aforementioned cash flows from operating, investing and financing
activities increased our cash and cash equivalents by €1,582 million.

Cash flows from operating activities, minus capital expenditure on property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets, plus proceeds from divestments and asset disposals
results in free cash flow. In the year under review, free cash flow amounted to €1,132 million,
clearly exceeding the negative figure recorded in the prior year (- €2,053 million). The main
reason for this was the significant increase in cash inflows from operating activities.

61

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020

Consolidated financial Further information

statements
Net debt* 31Dec 2020 31Dec 2019 +/-
€ million
Cash and cash equivalents 4,774 3,192 1,582
Marketable securities 4,517 3,523 994
Other financial assets 2,507 2,383 124
Financial assets 11,798 9,098 2,700
Bonds, other notes payable, bank debt,
commercial paper 2,160 2,466 -306
Hedging of bond currency risk 31 7 24
Other financial liabilities 3,038 3,147 -109
Financial liabilities 5,229 5,620 -391
Minus 50% of the hybrid capital recognised as debt -278 -562 284
Net financial assets (including correction of
hybrid capital) 6,847 4,040 2,807
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 3,864 3,446 418
Surplus of plan assets over benefit obligations -172 -153 -19
Provisions for nuclear waste management 6,451 6,723 -272
Provisions for dismantling wind farms 1,136 951 185
Net debt of continuing operations 4,432 6,927 -2,495
Net debt of discontinued operations - 232 -232
Net debt 4,432 7,159 2,727

1 New definition of net debt (see commentary on the next page); prior-year figures changed due to retroactive

adjustments to the first-time consolidation of the renewable energy business acquired from E.ON in 2019.


--- Page 41 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Financial position and net worth

3
Responsibility statement

Net debt drops to €4.4 billion. As of 31 December 2020, our net debt totalled

€4,432 million. It was completely attributable to our continuing operations as we sold the
stake in VSE stated as a discontinued operation in August 2020 (see page 42). We
redefined net debt in 2020. It no longer contains our mining provisions, which essentially
cover our obligations to recultivate opencast mining areas. The assets we use to cover these
provisions are also disregarded, for instance our €2.6 billion claim for damages from the
German lignite phaseout against the state. We have also presented net debt for 2019
based on the new definition for the sake of comparability.

Our net debt declined by €2,727 million compared to 31 December 2019. The main drivers
were the capital increase in August, the positive free cash flow, and the deconsolidation of
VSE's net debt. Profit distributions had a counteracting effect. Moreover, we registered a
slight increase in provisions for pensions because the discount rates we apply when
determining the net present value of the pension obligations recorded a market-induced
decline. Increases in the value of plan assets, which we hold to meet the obligations, were
unable to offset this. The redemption of a €539 million hybrid bond also had a debt-
increasing effect. The reason for this is that in determining net debt, we classify half of the
hybrid capital as equity.

Leverage factor clearly below upper limit of 3.0. One of our key management parameters
is the ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA of the core business, also referred to as the
leverage factor. This key figure is more indicative than total liabilities because it also reflects
earning power and therefore our ability to meet our debt obligations. We set the upper limit
for the leverage factor at 3.0 in order to secure our financial flexibility. At 1.7, we remained
clearly below this threshold in the year being reviewed. Even excluding the funds from the
capital increase, we would have stayed within the upper limit: the leverage factor would have
been 2.4.

62

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Drop in off-balance-sheet fuel purchase obligations. Net debt does not include our
off-balance-sheet obligations, which largely stem from long-term fuel and electricity
purchase agreements. As of the balance-sheet date, payment obligations from material
fuel procurement contracts amounted to €23.6 billion as opposed to €27.1 billion at the
end of the previous year. For power purchase agreements, they totalled €7.1 billion, on a par
with 2019. These figures are based on assumptions regarding the prospective development
of commodity prices. For further commentary on our off-balance-sheet obligations, please
see pages 181 et seq. in the Notes.

Group balance sheet: equity ratio rises to 29.1%. The balance-sheet total reported in the
2020 consolidated financial statements amounted to €61.7 billion as opposed to

€64.0 billion in the previous year. Significant declines were recorded by other receivables
and other assets (- €2.8 billion) and other liabilities (- €2.5 billion): both line items were
affected by a decrease in derivatives on our books. A drop was also registered by property,
plant and equipment (-€1.1 billion), with impairments recognised for power plants and
opencast mines playing a central role, as reported on page 55. By contrast, we posted

an increase in cash and cash equivalents (+ €1.6 billion) and marketable securities

(+€1.0 billion). The capital increase in August 2020 was a major factor. It was also the main
reason why equity rose by €0.5 billion to €18.0 billion. The share of the balance-sheet total
accounted for by equity (the equity ratio) was 29.1%. This is 1.8 percentage points more
than in 2019.

The Group's 2020 balance sheet recognises the Stella, Cranell, Raymond East and
Raymond West US wind farms as ‘assets held for sale’ and ‘liabilities held for sale’ because
we will deconsolidate these assets due to the divestments presented on page 43. Inthe
prior year's financial statements, the stake in the Slovak power utility VSE, which we sold in
August 2020, was stated in these items.


--- Page 42 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Financial position and net worth

3

Responsibility statement

4
Consolidated financial
statements

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2020

Group balance sheet structure* 31 Dec 2020 31 Dec 2019 31 Dec 2020 31Dec 2019
€ million % € million % € million % € million %
Assets Equity and liabilities
Equity 17.971 29.1 17,467 273
Non-current assets 34,461 559 35,768 55.9 Non-current liabilities 27,280 442 26,937 42.1
of which: of which:
Intangible assets 4,913 8.0 4,777 75 Provisions 19,470 316 18,937 29.6
Property, plant and equipment 17,902 29.0 19,016 297 Financial liabilities 3,951 64 3,924 61
Current assets 27,207 441 28,241 44.1 Current liabilities 16,417 267 19,605 30.6
of which: of which:
Trade accounts receivable 3,007 49 3,621 57 Provisions 3,004 49 2,638 4.
Receivables and Financial liabilities 1,247 20 1,689 26
other assets 12,530 203 15,311 23.9 Trade accounts payable 2,387 39 2,987 47
Marketable securities 4,219 68 3,258 5.1 Other liabilities 9,240 15.0 11,781 18.4
Assets held for sale 1,045 17 1,274 2.0 Liabilities held for sale 539 09 510 08
Total 61,668 100.0 64,009 100.0 _Total 61,668 100.0 64,009 100.0

1 Prior-year figures changed due to retroactive adjustments to the first-time consolidation of the renewable energy business acquired from E.ON in 2019,

63


--- Page 43 ---

2

Combined review

of operations

Notes to the financial statements
of RWE AG (holding company)

1
To our investors

3
Responsibility statement

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

2.7 Notes to the financial statements of RWE AG (holding company)

The financial statements of RWE AG primarily reflect the business performance of its
subsidiaries. In sum, the profit transfers of these companies recorded a slight increase
in 2020. The good earnings produced by the renewable energy business played a role,
whereas RWE Supply & Trading contributed less to the bottom line than in 2019 despite
a strong trading performance. At €580 million, RWE AG’s net profit was higher than in
the previous year. We intend to raise the dividend and therefore propose a payment of
€0.85 per share to the Annual General Meeting taking place in April 2021.

Financial statements. RWE AG prepares its financial statements in compliance with the
rules set out in the German Commercial Code and the German Stock Corporation Act. The
financial statements are submitted to Bundesanzeiger Verlag GmbH, located in Cologne,
Germany, which publishes them in the Federal Gazette. They are available on the internet
at www.rwe.com/en/financial-reports.

Income statement of RWE AG (abridged) 2020 2019
€ million

Income from financial assets 1,114 1,758
Net interest -72 31
Other income and expenses S72 -1,550
Taxes on income 250 275
Net profit 580 514
Transfer to other retained earnings =5 -22
Distributable profit 575 492

Balance sheet of RWE AG (abridged) 31Dec2020 31Dec 2019
€ million

Assets

Financial assets 20,524 20,628
Accounts receivable from affiliated companies 2,094 10,233
Other accounts receivable and other assets 519 6,056
Marketable securities and cash and cash equivalents 6,664 2,929
Total assets 29,801 39,846
Equity and lia

Equity 7,826 5,738
Provisions 1,996 2,237
Accounts payable to affiliated companies 18,905 29,213
Other liabilities 1,074 2,658
Total equity and liabilities 29,801 39,846

Assets. RWE AG had €29.8 billion in total assets as of 31 December 2020, compared to
€39.8 billion in the previous year. We registered a significant decline in accounts receivable
from and payable to affiliated companies. This was the result of the merger of two
subsidiaries. A substantial account receivable from one of them and a significant account
payable to the other resulted from the asset swap with E.ON (see page 68 of the 2019
Annual Report). The merger caused the two items to net each other out. Other receivables
also declined considerably. This is because E.ON transferred parts of the innogy business
back to RWE in legal terms in mid-2020, eliminating the associated claims we had against.
E.ON. The increase in the marketable securities and cash and cash equivalents on our books

64


--- Page 44 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review

of operations

Notes to the financial statements
of RWE AG (holding company)

3
Responsibility statement

had a counteracting effect on the total assets. The capital increase we conducted in August,
which led to proceeds of €2.0 billion, came to bear here. In addition, RWE AG subsidiaries
generated higher operating cash flows, which they transferred to the Group parent.
Therefore, RWE AG's equity rose to €7.8 billion (previous year: €5.7 billion). The equity ratio
increased from 14.4% to 26.3%.

Financial position. RWE AG is set up solidly in economic terms and has a number of
financing tools at its disposal that it can use flexibly. This is reflected in our credit ratings,
which are investment grade. A detailed presentation of RWE’s financial position and
financing activity in the year under review can be found on pages 59 et seqq.

Earnings position. RWE AG's earnings position improved slightly compared to 2019.
The main items on the income statement developed as follows:

+ Income from financial assets dropped by €644 million to €1,114 million. This was due to
lower income from investments and write-downs of financial assets. By contrast, profit
transfers from subsidiaries were slightly up year on year in part due to the increase in
income at RWE Renewables and the first dividend we received from our 15% stake
in E.ON held by a subsidiary of RWE AG. A counteracting effect resulted from RWE
Supply & Trading closing the reporting year with income down on the previous one
despite a very good trading performance.

Net interest deteriorated by €103 million to - €72 million. This was mainly due to a decline
in capital gains from the management of fund assets used to cover our pension
obligations.

65

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

The ‘other income and expenses line item improved by €838 million to - €712 million.
This is because a substantial impairment was recognised for financial accounts

receivable from a Dutch subsidiary in 2019 as the framework conditions for electricity
generation from hard coal had become less favourable. The remainder was written off
in 2020, but the burden on earnings was much smaller than in the preceding year.
Conversely, there was a slight increase in expenses for IT projects at RWE AG.

In the year under review, we recorded tax income of €250 million (previous year:

€275 million), largely because we reduced our tax risk provision.

The presented earnings figures led to net profit of €580 million. This represents an
increase of €66 million compared to 2019.

The distributable profit of €575 million corresponds to the planned payment of a dividend
of €0.85 per share to our shareholders.

Outlook for 2021. RWE AG's earnings prospects will largely depend on the business
performance of its subsidiaries. Our current assessment makes us confident of being able
to achieve a net profit in 2021 that is slightly higher than in 2020.

Corporate governance declaration in accordance with Section 289f and Section 315d
of the German Commercial Code. On 15 February 2021, the Executive Board and the
Supervisory Board of RWE AG issued a corporate governance declaration in accordance with
Section 289f and Section 315d of the German Commercial Code. The declaration
contains the Corporate Governance Report and has been published at
www.rwe.com/corporate-governance-declaration.



--- Page 45 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Outlook

2.8 Outlook

ion in 2021. However, we will probably
close the year significantly down on the previous one in our core business. In February,
extreme weather conditions in Texas brought several wind farms to a standstill and

We expect to maintain our good earnings po:

led to substantial losses due to power purchases. Furthermore, we do not anticipate
income from energy trading to be as high as in 2020. Outside of our core business,

we will benefit from higher margins of our lignite and nuclear power stations. In sum, we
expect the Group to post adjusted EBITDA of between €2,650 million and €3,050 million.
In light of the favourable medium and long-term earnings prospects of our core
business, the Executive Board of RWE AG aims for a slightly increased dividend of
€0.90 for fiscal 2021.

Experts predict strong economic recovery. Despite extended lockdown measures and the
slow progress in controlling the coronavirus pandemic, most economic research institutes
expect the economy to record a significant recovery in 2021. Current forecasts have the
average rise in global economic output amounting to 5%. Estimates for the Eurozone are of
a similar order. Based on expert opinions, Germany and the Netherlands may well post a
gain of about 4%. UK prospects partially depend on whether the country can maintain its
close economic ties with the EU after Brexit. If so, a 5% rise in GDP should be feasible in the
United Kingdom. Growth of approximately 4% has been forecast for the USA.

Power consumption expected to rise. Our expectations regarding this year's electricity
usage are based on the above economic outlooks. A significant resurgence of the economy
will lead to increased demand for electricity. However, energy savings are expected to have
a dampening effect. We currently anticipate demand for electricity in RWE's core markets
Germany, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the USA to be 2% to 4% up on 2020
levels.

66

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Elec’ y production for 2021 largely sold forward. The future development of
electricity prices will depend on a number of factors that are nearly impossible to predict.

At any rate, this would only have a limited impact on this year’s power plant margins as we
have sold forward most of our electricity generation for 2021 and secured the prices of the
required fuel and emissions allowances. These transactions have been concluded up to
three years forward. Therefore, the realised electricity prices can differ significantly from the
current market quotations. We sold forward the electricity produced by our German
lignite-fired and nuclear power stations with long lead times. In doing so, we realised higher

prices for 2021 than for 2020.

Changed recognition of tax benefits in the USA. As of the start of fiscal 2021, we changed
the accounting treatment of tax benefits we receive for US wind and solar projects. As set
out on page 37, renewable energy is subsidised via tax credits in the USA. Furthermore,
plant operators can benefit from accelerated depreciation, referred to as tax benefits. We
previously recognised them in taxes on income. By contrast, we consider the benefits of tax
credits in other operating income. For the sake of consistency, we will take this approach to
tax benefits as well. This drives up adjusted EBITDA. To ensure comparability, we will restate
the figures for 2020 accordingly in our financial reporting for fiscal 2021.


--- Page 46 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Outlook

Forecast 2020 actual? Outlook for 2021
€ million
Adjusted EBITDA 3,287 2,650-3,050
of which:
Core business 2,728 1,800-2,200
of which:
Offshore Wind 1,069 1,050-1,250
Onshore Wind /Solar 524 50-250
Hydro / Biomass /Gas 621 500-600
Supply & Trading 539 150-350
Coal /Nuclear 559 800-900
Adjusted EBIT 1,823 1,150-1,550
Adjusted net income 1,257 750-1,100

1 Some figures restated due to a change in the recognition of tax benefits in the USA (see commentary
on the previous page).

2021 adjusted EBITDA forecast of €2,650 million to €3,050 million. We expect to maintain
our good earnings position in 2021. However, we will probably close the year down on 2020 in
part owing to losses in the Onshore Wind/Solar segment caused by the extreme weather in
Texas at the beginning of the year. In addition, we anticipate a decline in earnings from energy
trading after the very strong performance in 2020. This will be contrasted by improved
margins on electricity forward sales from which we will benefit outside of the core business in
the Coal/Nuclear segment. The RWE Group anticipates adjusted EBITDA for 2021 to total
between €2,650 million and €3,050 million. Last year's figure including tax benefits stood at
€3,287 million. We forecast the adjusted EBITDA of our core business to total between
€1,800 million and €2,200 million (last year: 2,728 million). With expected operating
depreciation and amortisation of about €1,500 million, the Group's adjusted EBIT should be
within the range of €1,150 million to €1,550 million (last year: €1,823 million). We anticipate
adjusted net income, which excludes material special items, of €750 million to €1,100 million
compared to €1,257 million last year (see page 57 for a definition of this key figure).

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2020

Our outlook broken down by segment is as follows:

+ Offshore Wind: Here, adjusted EBITDA is expected to total between €1,050 million and
€1,250 million (last year: €1,069 million). The commissioning of the first turbines of the
Triton Knoll wind farm in 2021 will have a positive effect. In addition, we anticipate being
able to fully consolidate the Rampion UK offshore wind farm during the year. As
mentioned on page 42, we agreed with E.ON that we would increase our stake in the wind
farm by 20% to 50.1%. However, new project developments will likely result in added
costs. Moreover, if wind conditions normalise, utilisation of our UK offshore wind farms is
expected to drop.

Onshore Wind / Solar: Adjusted EBITDA posted by this segment will probably total between
€50 million and €250 million, closing down on last year’s level, which amounted to

€524 million including tax benefits. This is primarily due to the impact on earnings of the
state of emergency caused by the weather in February in the USA. As set out on page 46,
production outages caused by winter storms and icy rain required us to make short-term
electricity purchases at extremely high prices. The resulting losses total a low to medium
triple-digit million euro amount. We expect the commissioning of new wind and solar
farms to have a positive impact on earnings. Furthermore, the sale of stakes in the Stella,
Cranell, Raymond East and Raymond West onshore wind farms will lead to a capital gain.
This will be contrasted by higher expenses incurred to develop growth projects.

Hydro / Biomass / Gas: We expect this segment to achieve adjusted EBITDA of

€500 million to €600 million for fiscal 2021. Compared to last year's figure (€621 million)
this represents a decline. One of the reasons is that income from the commercial
optimisation of power plant dispatch will probably be below the high level registered in
2020. Moreover, we will not benefit from the contribution to earnings previously made by
wood pellet manufacturer Georgia Biomass, which we sold in July 2020. However, the
curtailment of earnings last year from fire damage to the Eemshaven power station will
not recur.


--- Page 47 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Outlook

Supply & Trading: In the long run, we anticipate annual average adjusted EBITDA here to
be in the order of €250 million. We expect a figure in the range of €150 million to

€350 million for 2021. This would be much lower than the very high earnings posted
last year (€539 million).

Coal/ Nuclear: Adjusted EBITDA in this segment is expected to total between €800 million
and €900 million (last year: €559 million). The significant year-on-year growth will result
from higher margins on forward sales of our electricity generation. However, we anticipate
additional costs from the implementation of the German coal phaseout.

Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment markedly up on previous year.
Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets is estimated to
be much higher than in 2020 (€2,285 million). A substantial amount of funds will be spent
on the construction of the offshore wind farms Triton Knoll in the UK North Sea and Kaskasi
near Heligoland, Germany. In addition, if we reach a positive investment decision on Sofia,
we will start building the wind farm off the coast of east England. Other focal points of
investment are onshore wind and solar projects in the USA and Europe. We plan to spend
€200 million to €300 million outside of the core business in the Coal / Nuclear segment.
These funds will primarily be used to maintain our power plants and opencast mines.

68

4
Consolidated financial
statements

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2020

Net debt not to exceed three times adjusted EBITDA. One of our key management
parameters is the ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA of the core business, also referred to
as the leverage factor. This key figure is more indicative than total liabilities because it also
reflects earning power and therefore our ability to meet our debt obligations. We set the
upper limit for the leverage factor at 3.0, which we intend to comply with over the long term.
We expect to be able to satisfy this requirement for fiscal 2021. However, the leverage
factor may well be higher than in 2020.

Dividend for fiscal 2021. The Executive Board aims to pay a dividend of €0.90 per share
for fiscal 2021. This represents an increase of €0.05 relative to the dividend proposal for
2020. The reason for the planned increase are the bright medium and long-term earnings
prospects of our core business.


--- Page 48 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

2.9 Development of risks and opportunities

RWE’s risk exposure has improved steadily over the last few years. The main driver is
our transformation into a leading provider of electricity from renewables. The high
share of regulated income in this business makes us more profitable as well as more
crisis-resistant. Furthermore, we benefit from the fact that the German coal phaseout
has finally been given a firm legal framework, which gives us planning certainty in

our lignite business. Despite the coronavirus pandemic, we classify our current risks
no higher than ‘medium’. We assess and manage our risks using our proven risk
management system, which we present in detail in this chapter.

Di bution of risk management tasks at RWE. Responsibility for Group risk management
lies with the parent company RWE AG. Its Executive Board monitors and manages the
Group's overall risk. In addition, it determines the general risk appetite of RWE and

defines upper limits for single risk positions. At the level below the Executive Board, the
Controlling & Risk Management Department has the task of applying and constantly refining
the risk management system. It derives detailed limits for the individual business fields and
operating units from the risk caps set by the Executive Board. Its tasks also include checking
the identified risks for completeness and plausibility and aggregating them. In so doing, it
receives support from the Risk Management Committee, which is composed of the heads of
the following five RWE AG departments: Controlling & Risk Management (Chair),
Finance & Credit Risk, Accounting, Legal & Insurance, and Corporate Business Development.
The Controlling & Risk Management Department provides the Executive Board and the
Supervisory Board of RWE AG with regular reports on the company’s risk exposure.

69

Anumber of additional organisational units and committees have been entrusted with risk
management tasks:

Financial risks and credit risks are managed by the Finance & Credit Risk Department of
RWEAG.

The Accounting Department ensures that financial reporting is free of material
misstatements. It has an accounting-related internal control system for this purpose. A
committee consisting of officers from Accounting and other departments of relevance to
accounting assists in securing the quality of financial reporting. More detailed information
can be found on page 78.

The Internal Audit & Compliance Department monitors compliance with RWE's Code of
Conduct. Its primary objective is to prevent corruption. It reports to the CEO of RWE AG or,
if members of the Executive Board are affected, directly to the Chair of the Supervisory
Board and the Chair of the Audit Committee.

Risks from changes in commodity prices are monitored by RWE Supply & Trading in so far
as they relate to the conventional electricity generation, energy trading and gas
businesses. Where these risks relate to the renewable energy business, they are managed
by RWE Renewables.

Strategies to limit market risks in conventional electricity generation must be approved by
the Commodity Management Committee. This expert panel consists of the CFO of

RWE AG, members of the Board of Directors of RWE Supply & Trading and a representative
of the Controlling & Risk Management Department.


--- Page 49 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Development of risks
and opportunities

+ Wealso have a committee tasked with mitigating market risks associated with the
renewable energy business. The Renewables Commodity Management Committee
consists of the CFO of RWE AG, members of the management of RWE Renewables and
a representative of the Controlling & Risk Management Department.

+ The strategic guidelines for the management of financial assets (including the funds held
by RWE Pensionstreuhand e. V,) are determined by the Asset Management Committee.
The following individuals belong to it: the CFO of RWE AG, the Managing Director in
charge of finance at RWE Supply & Trading, the heads of the following departments:
Finance & Credit Risk, Investor Relations, Portfolio Management / Mergers & Acquisitions
and - from the last department in the list - the head of Financial Asset Management.

Under the expert management of the aforementioned organisational units, RWE AG and its
operating subsidiaries are responsible for identifying risks early, assessing them correctly
and managing them in compliance with corporate standards. Internal Audit regularly

assesses the quality and functionality of our risk management system. Last year, our internal

audit system was reviewed by an external auditor in accordance with the IDW PS 983
standard and certified to the standard.

Risk identification and assessment. Risks and opportunities are defined as negative or
positive deviations from expected figures. Their management is an integral and continuous
part of operating processes. We assess risks every six months, using a bottom-up analysis.
We also monitor risk exposure between the regular survey dates. The Executive Board of
RWE AG is immediately notified of any material changes. Our executive and supervisory
bodies are updated on the Group's risks once a quarter.

Our risk analysis normally covers the three-year horizon of our medium-term plan, but can
extend beyond that in individual cases. We measure the potential damage based on the
possible effects on net income, net debt and equity. In doing so, we take hedges into
account. We define the potential damage as the deviation from the budgeted figure in
question, aggregated over the three-year planning horizon.

4

Consolidated financial

statements

Potential damage*

Category V

Category IV

Category III

Category II

Category |

5

RWE Annual Report 2020

Further information

RWE AG risk matrix

1%<P<10%

10% < Ps 20% 20% < Ps 50% 50%<P

Probability of occurrence (P)

@ Lowrisk ml Mediumrisk ml Highrisk

Potential damage?

Earnings risks
Potential impact on

Indebtedness / equity risks
Potential impact on net debt

€ million net income (X) and equity (Y)
CategoryV 8,000 < X 8,000<Y
Category IV 1,500 < X< 8,000 4,000 < Y< 8,000
Category Ill 600 < X< 1,500 2,000 < Y < 4,000
Category I 300 = X< 600 1,000 < Y< 2,000
Category! X< 300 Y< 1,000

1 Aggregated over the three-year medium-term plan (2021 to 2023).

70


--- Page 50 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

We display the material risks using a matrix (see chart on the preceding page) in which they
are categorised by potential damage and probability of occurrence. Risks that share the
same cause are aggregated to a single risk if possible. To clearly assign them to the matrix
fields, we have established thresholds for net income, net debt and equity, which are
oriented towards the RWE Group's ability to bear risks. They are presented in the table below
the matrix. Depending on their position in the matrix, we distinguish between low, medium
and high risks. Based on this systematic risk identification, we determine whether there is a
need for action and initiate measures to mitigate the risks if necessary.

Main risks for the RWE Group. Depending on their causes, our risks can be classified into
seven classes, which are shown in the table on the right. The highest individual risk
determines the classification of the risk of the entire risk class. The highest classification of
our risks is currently ‘medium. By contrast, in the previous year, we had identified a high
regulatory risk because of the uncertainty regarding the conditions of the German coal
phaseout. The Coal Phaseout Act passed in mid-2020 and the public law contract between
the government and the affected lignite companies have created a clear legal framework.
However, the legally mandated compensation for the early closure of lignite assets is subject
to state-aid approval by the European Commission. As the compensation envisaged for us
is much lower than our actual financial burden, we are confident that the compensatory
payments will not be classified as unlawful aid. Increased political pressure on our lignite
business and the further acceleration of Germany's coal phaseout can generally not be
ruled out.

Regulatory unpredictability has decreased in general, but the coronavirus pandemic has
introduced a new cause for uncertainty. We modelled the potential consequences of
COVID-19 for RWE in an analysis of scenarios in March 2020 and updated the findings in
November. We are exposed to the risk of new build projects being delayed and a significant
drop in economic output depressing electricity prices. Both these developments were
already witnessed in 2020. Negative price effects would not only impact on our
conventional power stations, but also on those wind farms, the entire or partial generation

71

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

of which is not sold at firm conditions, causing them to also bear a market risk. The risk of
having to recognise impairments due to corona-induced declines in margins is recorded in
the ‘other risks’ class, which we therefore reclassified from ‘low’ to ‘medium.

Risk classes Classification of the highest single risk

31 Dec 2020 31Dec 2019
Market risks Medium Medium
Regulatory and political risks Medium High
Legal risks Low Low
Operational risks Medium Medium
Financial risks Medium Medium
Creditworthiness of business partners Medium Medium
Other risks Medium Low

As set out earlier, the focus of the risk analysis described in this chapter lies on the three-
year horizon of our medium-term plan. The Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD), a panel of experts, recommended in 2017 that companies consider
time horizons that go far above and beyond this when identifying and assessing climate-
related risks. RWE implements the TCFD proposals. We explain how we do this in our 2020
Sustainability Report, which will be published in April 2021 and will then be available at
www.rwe.com/sustainability-report.

In this section, we provide commentary on the main risks and opportunities we have
identified for this and the next two years and explain what measures have been taken to
counter the threat of negative developments.


--- Page 51 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Development of risks
and opportunities

+ Market risks. In most of the countries in which we are active the energy sector is
characterised by the free formation of prices. Declines in quotations on wholesale
electricity markets can cause generation assets to become less profitable. This also
relates to renewable energy assets that are not subsidised with fixed feed-in payments.
Negative price developments can cause us to recognise impairments, which are also
recorded as market risks with certain exceptions.

Power and gas purchase agreements with conditions that do not depend on the
development of wholesale prices expose us to the risk of having to pay more for the
product than we can earn when selling it. This may force us to form provisions to cover this
risk. We have identified such a risk inherent in the two contracts we concluded to purchase
electricity from the Datteln 4 hard coal-fired power plant in 2005 and 2006. Operated by
German energy group Uniper, the station was commissioned in the summer of 2020,

ten years later than planned. We were unsuccessful in taking legal recourse against the
continuation of the agreements. We are currently negotiating certain contractual
conditions with Uniper and considering taking further legal steps. Our long-term gas
purchase agreement with Russian energy group Gazprom sets dates for regular reviews,
during which we can negotiate contractual changes depending on market conditions. In
the past, this has enabled us to mitigate our earnings risk exposure from the contract. It
cannot be ruled out that the results of future reviews fall short of our expectations. Vice
versa, however, we also stand the chance of enforcing conditions that are more
favourable than anticipated.

We assess the price risks to which we are exposed on the procurement and supply
markets taking account of current forward prices and expected volatility. For our power
plants, we limit the risks by selling most of the electricity forward and securing the prices
of the fuel and CO2 emission allowances needed for its generation. We also use financial
instruments to hedge our commodity positions. In the consolidated financial statements,
such instruments, including those serving the purpose of reducing interest and currency
risks, are usually presented through the statement of on-balance-sheet hedges. More
detailed information on this can be found on page 118 in the Notes.

72

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2020

RWE Supply & Trading plays a central role when it comes to managing commodity price
risks. It Functions as the Group's interface to the global wholesale markets for electricity
and energy commodities. On behalf of our power plant companies, RWE Supply & Trading
markets large portions of our generation position and purchases the fuel and COz
certificates needed to produce electricity. Since RWE Supply & Trading acts as the
internal transaction partner it is easier for us to limit the risks associated with price volatility
on energy markets. However, the trading transactions are not exclusively intended to
reduce risks. In compliance with risk thresholds, the company also takes commodity
positions to achieve a profit.

Our risk management system for energy trading is firmly aligned with best practice as
applied to the trading businesses of banks. As part of this, transactions with third parties
are concluded only if the associated risks are within approved limits. There are guidelines
governing the treatment of commodity price risks and associated credit risks. Our
subsidiaries constantly monitor their commodity positions. Risks associated with trades
conducted by RWE Supply & Trading for its own account are monitored daily.

The Value at Risk (VaR) is of central importance for risk measurement in trading and
finance. It specifies the maximum loss from a risk position not exceeded with a
predetermined probability over a predefined period of time. RWE's VaR figures are
generally based on a confidence interval of 95 % and an observation period of one day.
This means that, with a probability of 95 %, the daily loss will not exceed the VaR.

The VaR for the price risks of commodity positions in the trading business of

RWE Supply & Trading must remain below a certain daily limit. The maximum allowable
amount in the fiscal year that just ended was €40 million. The actual daily maximum was
€32 million and the average for the year was €18 million. In addition, limits derived from
the aforementioned VaR thresholds have been set for every trading desk. Furthermore, we
develop extreme scenarios and factor them into stress tests, determine their impact on
earnings, and take countermeasures if we deem the risks to be too high.


--- Page 52 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

The management of our gas portfolio and the liquefied natural gas (LNG) business is
pooled in a dedicated organisational unit at RWE Supply & Trading. Last year, the VaR cap
for these activities was €14 million. The headroom actually utilised was €12 million. The
average VaR for the year was €6 million.

We also apply the VaR concept to measure the extent to which the commodity price risks
that we are exposed to outside the trading business can affect the RWE Group's adjusted
EBITDA. To this end, we calculate the overall risk for the Group on the basis of the
commodity risk positions of the individual companies; this overall risk mainly stems from
power generation. The majority of our generation position is already hedged for 2021.
Opportunities for additional profits arise, because we are able to flexibly adapt our power
plant deployment to short-term market developments.

In the UK generation business, our earnings not only depend on the development of the
price of electricity, fuel and emission allowances, but also on the level of the payments we
receive for participating in the national capacity market. The payments are determined in
annual auctions and fluctuate depending on supply and demand (see page 45).

We are also exposed to market risks in the gas storage business. As set out on page 27,
the realisable margins depend significantly on the volatility of gas prices. If the short-term
and seasonal price differences are large, they can be taken advantage of to generate
substantial income. If they are insignificant, then so is the income. The German gas.
storage business is currently characterised by overcapacity and significant pressure on
margins. However, we are confident that market conditions will improve in the long run.
Should they deteriorate, we may have to recognise impairment losses for our storage
facilities.

Our biggest market risks remain unchanged in the ‘medium category.

73

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

+ Regulatory and political risks. Ambitious emission reduction targets have caused the
governments in our core markets to intervene in the energy sector repeatedly. The most
recent example of this is Germany's Coal Phaseout Act, on which we have commented on
page 37et seq. It envisages gradually reducing coal-fired electricity generation to zero by
2038. In exchange for closing our lignite assets early, we will receive €2.6 billion in
compensation. The damage we will actually suffer is much higher. Nevertheless, we find
this statutory regulation to be acceptable, because it gives us more planning certainty for
our lignite business. We now classify our regulatory and political risks as ‘medium’ instead
of ‘high. The compensatory payments for the exit from the lignite business are subject to
approval under EU state aid law. Despite the new legislation, it cannot be ruled out that
policymakers continue to increase pressure on the lignite sector, for instance by
introducing CO3 price floors or establishing extremely restrictive emission limits. In
addition, more ambitious climate targets for 2030 could make the next federal
government accelerate the coal phaseout.

The coal phaseout in the Netherlands was enshrined in law in 2019. The country’s exit
roadmap prohibits power plants built in the 1990s from using coal from no later than
2025 onwards. For younger stations, the ban starts in 2030. This means that our Amer 9
and Eemshaven power plants will have to stop coal-based generation at the end of 2024
and 2029, respectively. Unlike in Germany, it is not envisaged that we will receive
compensation for this. We mitigated our risk exposure from coal-based generation early
on by converting Amer 9 and Eemshaven to biomass co-firing. We are receiving state
subsidies for the investment outlay and the added cost of procuring fuel. However, the
subsidies fall clearly short of covering the additional cost of converting the stations to
100% biomass utilisation. The legally mandated coal phaseout could thus force us to
close the stations early. Therefore, we believe that our ownership rights have been
violated. As the government has not offered us compensation for our financial
disadvantages, in February 2021 we initiated arbitration proceedings under the Energy
Charter Agreement against the Netherlands before the International Centre for
Settlement of Investment Disputes in Washington, USA.


--- Page 53 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Development of risks
and opportunities

We are also exposed to risks in the field of nuclear energy, albeit to a much lesser extent
than in the past. Since we made contributions to the German nuclear energy fund in the
middle of 2017, the state has assumed complete responsibility for the interim and final
storage of our radioactive waste. We are still exposed to cost risks associated with
disposal tasks which remain within our remit. For example, it cannot be ruled out that the
dismantling of nuclear power stations will be more expensive than estimated and we will
therefore have to top-up our provisions for this. However, we also see the opportunity to
leverage synergies and cut costs.

Although the renewable energy business is characterised by fairly stable framework
conditions and wide public acceptance, imponderables exist in this area as well.
Adjustments to state subsidy schemes may result in reductions in payments and new
projects losing their appeal. This can lead to investment undertakings being broken off.
It is also conceivable that firmly pledged state payments may be cut retrospectively. In
the dialogue we maintain with policymakers, we point out that companies which invest in
building sustainable, climate-friendly energy infrastructure need reliable framework
conditions.

Even in the present regulatory environment, we are exposed to risks associated with, for
instance, approvals when building and operating production facilities. This particularly
affects our opencast mines, power stations and wind farms. The danger here is that
approvals are granted late or not at all and that granted approvals are withdrawn
temporarily or for good.

Certain statutory regulations to which we must adhere can be interpreted in various ways
and are therefore in need of legal clarification. One example is the regulation which
exempts us from paying an apportionment under the Renewable Energy Act (EEG) for

electricity that we consume ourselves in our German power stations and opencast mines.

However, the legal situation surrounding the regulation is vague, for example with regard
to the EEG exemption of leased assets. There is a danger that the options to benefit from
the regulation may be limited by the Germany's highest court and that back payments
may even have to be made for previous years.

74

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2020

Despite the aforementioned imponderables, the overall assessment of our regulatory and
political risks has improved from ‘high’ to ‘medium’. The main reason for this is the
establishment of a clear framework for the German coal phaseout.

Legal risks. Individual RWE Group companies are involved in litigation and arbitration
proceedings due to their operations or M&A transactions. Out-of-court claims have been
filed against some of them. Furthermore, Group companies are directly involved in various
procedures with public authorities or are at least affected by their outcomes. To the extent
necessary, we have accrued provisions for possible losses resulting from pending
proceedings before ordinary courts and arbitration courts.

Risks may also result from exemptions and warranties that we granted in connection with
the sale of assets. Exemptions ensure that the seller covers the risks that are identified
within the scope of due diligence, the probability of occurrence of which is, however,
uncertain. In contrast, warranties cover risks that are unknown at the time of sale. These
hedging instruments are standard procedure in sales of companies and equity holdings.

We currently have low exposure to legal risks. This assessment did not change compared
to the previous year.

Operational risks. RWE operates technologically complex, interconnected production
facilities such as conventional power stations and wind farms. Damage and outages can
weigh heavily on earnings, as recently demonstrated by the severe cold snap in the

US state of Texas (see page 46). When production facilities are built and modernised, delays
and cost increases can occur, for example due to accidents, material defects, late
deliveries, unfavourable weather conditions or time-consuming approval processes. In
such cases, there is a danger that the plants become more expensive and they contribute
to earnings later than planned. Furthermore, delays of renewable energy projects can be
disadvantageous to the level of subsidies they receive. We counter the described risks
through diligent plant and project management as well as high safety standards. We also
regularly maintain our facilities and take out insurance policies if economically viable.


--- Page 54 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

In the past fiscal year, some construction schedules could not be adhered to, in part due
to the coronavirus pandemic. This primarily affected onshore wind projects in the USA,
exposing us to the risk of a reduction in tax credits for assets that could not be
commissioned by the end of 2020. However, in view of the unusual circumstances, the
US government extended the deadlines, enabling wind farms that are completed in 2021
to receive the full subsidy (see page 37). Due to our dependence on suppliers, however,
projects may incur further delays. So far, the coronavirus pandemic has only had a minor
impact on the operation of our assets. Thanks to comprehensive preventive measures
and forward-looking emergency plans, we were able to keep all major operational
processes up and running. In light of the successful development of vaccinations, we are
confident that the spread of the infection will soon come under control. We will keep our
safety measures in place as long as necessary.

The shift of our power production to renewable energy sources like the wind and sun
increases the impact of the weather on our business. For example, extended lulls can
cause generation volumes and earnings of wind farms to fall significantly behind targets
in certain fiscal years. We limit the effects of the weather on the Group's income in part
through the geographic diversification of our business. This increases the likelihood of
unfavourable meteorological conditions at one site being offset by favourable ones at
another.

RWE has ambitious goals in relation to renewable energy and has increased its
investment budgets significantly. We try to ensure that our new-build projects and
acquisitions satisfy our return requirements. Nevertheless, we cannot rule out that income
achieved through our projects falls short of expectations or prices paid for acquisitions
prove to be too high retrospectively. Mounting competition in the renewable energy
business in particular can be detrimental to project income. We prepare our investment
decisions by conducting extensive analyses to try and map the financial and strategic
effects as realistically as possible before taking investment decisions. Moreover, RWE has
specific accountability provisions and approval processes in place to prepare and
implement the decisions.

75

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Our business processes are supported by secure data processing systems. Nevertheless,
we cannot rule out a lack of availability of IT infrastructure or a breach in data security.
Our high security standards are designed to prevent this. In addition, we regularly invest in
hardware and software upgrades.

Despite corona-induced imponderables, as in the previous year, our operational risks are
classified as ‘medium.

Financial risks. Changes in key financial indicators such as interest rates, foreign
exchange rates, securities prices and rates of inflation can have a major impact on our
net worth and earnings.

We are exposed to various interest rate risks. For example, rises in interest rates can lead
to reductions in the prices of the securities we hold. This primarily relates to fixed-interest
bonds. Last year, the VaR for the interest rate-related price risk of capital investments was
€3.9 million on average at RWE AG.

Moreover, increases in interest rates cause our financing costs to rise. We measure this
risk using the Cash Flow at Risk (CFaR), applying a confidence level of 95% and a holding
period of one year. The average CFaR at RWE AG in 2020 was €25.0 million.

Furthermore, market interest rates have an effect on our provisions, as they are the point
of reference for the discount rates used for determining the net present values of
obligations. This means that, all other things being equal, provisions rise when market
interest rates fall and vice versa. On pages 154 et seqq. of the Notes, we present the
effects of changes in interest rates on the net present values of our pension obligations
and on the nuclear and mining provisions.


--- Page 55 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

In addition to interest rates, the general price level also affects the amount of provisions.
Rising inflation can force us to make a considerable upward adjustment to the present
value of the obligations. Price increases are particularly detrimental when they are above
average in sectors from which we procure products and services for nuclear waste
disposal and recultivating opencast mine areas.

We are exposed to foreign exchange risks primarily owing to our business activities in the
UK and the USA. Furthermore, energy commodities such as coal and oil are traded in

US dollars. Companies which are overseen by RWE AG have their currency risks managed
by the parent company. RWE AG aggregates the risks to a net financial position for each
currency and hedges it if necessary. We calculated an average VaR for RWE AG's foreign
currency position in 2020 of €1.2 million.

The securities we hold in our portfolio typically include shares. We currently hold a 15%
stake in E.ON, which had a fair value of €3.6 billion at the end of 2020. Therefore, changes
in the quotation of the E.ON share can affect our financial strength significantly.

Risks and opportunities from changes in the price of securities are controlled by a
professional fund management system. Range of action, responsibilities and controls are
set out in internal guidelines which the Group companies are obliged to adhere to when
concluding financial transactions. All financial transactions are recorded using special
software and are monitored by RWE AG.

Collateral pledged for forward transactions also harbours a risk. The amount of collateral
depends on the extent to which the contractually agreed prices deviate from market
quotations as of the respective cut-off date. These differences can be substantial. In recent
times, the market prices of energy commodities, e.g. CO emission allowances, have
fluctuated significantly, due in part to the coronavirus pandemic. Changes of this
degree can lead to substantial short-term cash outflows, but can also present the
opportunity to receive substantial collateral from contracting parties, resulting in a
temporary increase in equity.

76

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

The conditions at which we can finance our business on the debt capital market are in
part dependent on the credit ratings we receive from international rating agencies. As set
out on page 60, Moody's and Fitch place our creditworthiness in the investment grade
category. If the agencies lower our credit rating, we may incur additional costs if we have
to raise debt capital. This would probably also increase the liquidity requirement when
pledging collateral for forward transactions. However, we believe that such a scenario is
unlikely. Both rating agencies are of the opinion that RWE has become more financially
stable as a result of its transformation into a leading renewable energy company. Moody's
upgraded our rating outlook to ‘positive’ in March 2020, which makes us believe that we
stand a chance of receiving a more favourable credit rating.

The assessment of our creditworthiness by rating agencies, banks and capital investors
depends in part on the level of our net debt. Our goal is to ensure that it does not exceed
three times the adjusted EBITDA of our core business. Due to our extensive investments in
expanding renewable energy, net debt could temporarily be above budget. This primarily
affects fiscal years with cash inflows from operating activities or sales of stakes in projects
that are below average. Nevertheless, we are confident that we can maintain our
indebtedness within the target range. The additional financial headroom achieved
through the capital increase in August 2020 is helpful in this respect.

We classify our financial risks as ‘medium’ This assessment has not changed since last
year.

Creditworthiness of business partners. Our business relations with key accounts,
suppliers, trading partners and financial institutions expose us to credit risks. Therefore,
we track the creditworthiness of our partners closely and assess their credit standing
based on internal and external ratings, both before and during the business relationship.
Transactions that exceed a certain size and all trading transactions are subject to credit
limits, which we determine before the transaction is concluded and adjust if necessary, for
instance in the event of a change in the business partner's creditworthiness. At times, we
request cash collateral or bank guarantees. In the trading and financing business, credit


--- Page 56 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

risks and the utilisation of the limits are measured daily. We agree on collateral when
concluding over-the-counter trading transactions. Furthermore, we enter into framework
agreements, e.g. those of the European Federation of Energy Traders. For financial
derivatives, we make use of the German master agreement for forward financial
transactions or the master agreement of the International Swaps and Derivatives
Association.

The coronavirus pandemic has created economic problems for many companies,
potentially including business partners of RWE. This is why we are monitoring critical
branches of industry more closely. Furthermore, we are extremely careful when entering
into new business relationships and extending existing ones and assign customers lower
credit limits where necessary. We currently do not expect any material financial losses due
to corona-induced insolvencies. As in the past, our risks stemming from the
creditworthiness of our business partners do not exceed the ‘medium category.

+ Other risks. This is the class in which we record the potential effects of damage to our
reputation, compliance infringements and criminal acts. The risk of a COVID-19-driven
reduction in energy consumption leading to low electricity prices which, in turn, forces us
to recognise impairments for generation assets has also been recorded in this category.
Therefore, other risks have risen from ‘low’ to ‘medium’.

RWE’s risks and opportunities: general assessment by management. The RWE Group's
risk exposure has improved significantly in the last few years. As a result of the asset swap
with E.ON, which we completed successfully in 2020, we have become a leading renewable
energy company. This has increased the share of stable regulated income considerably and
made us more financially robust. Moreover, the gradual shift of our generation portfolio
from fossil fuels to renewables also helps us to limit our political and regulatory risks. By
aiming to be carbon neutral by 2040, we are demonstrating that we want to expedite the
decarbonisation of the energy sector, thereby increasing our acceptance among politicians,
capital lenders, customers and other stakeholder groups.

77

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

As shown by the commentary in this chapter, we no longer have any risks classified as ‘high’
The German Coal Phaseout Act and the compensation claims against the federal
government that it has written into law have substantially reduced the uncertainty of our
lignite business. In the previous year, we had identified a major risk here. So far, RWE has only
been affected by the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic to a limited extent, with the
pandemic leading to delays in projects, among other things. If the virus cannot be controlled
effectively in the near future, we may experience further delays. Moreover, there is a danger
that the reduced economic output will result in lower electricity prices, causing our
generation margins to shrink. However, we classify our pandemic-related risk exposure no
higher than ‘medium: In this regard, it is proving advantageous once again that our
renewable energy business gives us a strong and crisis-proof source of income. Our
substantial investments in new wind and solar farms will make this pillar even stronger.

At the same time, our solid financial management ensures that RWE remains on a safe
course. By analysing the effects of risks on our liquidity and pursuing a conservative
financing strategy, we ensure that we can meet our payment obligations punctually. We
have considerable liquid funds and great leeway in terms of debt financing, thanks to the
Debt Issuance Programme, the Commercial Paper Programme and the syndicated credit
line (see page 59). The capital increase conducted in August 2020 has made us more
financially flexible. We budget our liquidity with foresight, based on the short, medium and
long-term financing needs of our Group companies, and have a significant amount of
minimum liquidity on a daily basis.

Thanks to the measures for safeguarding our financial and earning power over the long
term and our comprehensive risk management system, we are confident that we can
manage the current risks to RWE. At the same time, we are establishing the prerequisites for
ensuring that this remains the case in the future.


--- Page 57 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

Accounting-related internal control system: statements in accordance with Sec. 289,
Para. 4, and Sec. 315, Para. 4 of the German Commercial Code. Our financial reporting is
exposed to the risk of misrepresentations that could have a significant influence on the
decisions made by their addressees. For example, stated earnings that are too high can
cause capital investors to invest in a company. In RWE’s Code of Conduct, we have
undertaken to inform the public completely, objectively, accurately, clearly and in a timely
manner, in compliance with capital market law. We use a series of tools to meet this
ambition. Examples of this are our groupwide accounting policy and the high minimum
standards to which we subject the IT systems used to record and process accounting-
related data.

Furthermore, we use an accounting-related Internal Control System (ICS) for quality
assurance purposes. The ICS aims to detect potential errors and misrepresentations that
result from non-compliance with accounting standards. Designing the ICS and reviewing its
effectiveness are under the responsibility of the Accounting Department of RWE AG. The
department can apply groupwide rules in performing these tasks. In addition, it receives
assistance from the ICS Committee, the objective of which is to ensure that the ICS is
applied throughout the Group following uniform principles and meeting high ambitions in
terms of correctness and transparency. The Committee consists of representatives from the
Accounting, Controlling & Risk Management and Internal Audit & Compliance Departments,
along with officers from the human resources, procurement, trading, finance, taxes and IT
functions, which are highly relevant to accounting.

78

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

We subject the ICS to a comprehensive review every year. As a first step, we examine
whether the risk situation is presented appropriately and whether suitable controls are in
place for the identified risks. In a second step, we test the effectiveness of the controls. If the
ICS reviews pertain to accounting-related processes, e.g., the preparation of financial
statements or consolidation, they are conducted by employees from the Accounting
Department. The appropriateness and effectiveness of the controls are certified by an
accounting firm for processes handled by service centres on our behalf, for example invoice
processing. The representatives of the finance, human resources, procurement, trading, and
IT functions document whether the agreed ICS quality standards are adhered to by their
respective areas. Our Internal Audit & Compliance Department is also involved in the ICS
reviews. The results of the reviews are documented in a report to the Executive Board of
RWE AG. The review conducted in 2020 once again demonstrated that the ICS is effective.

Within the scope of external reporting, the members of the Executive Board of RWE AG take
a half-year and full-year balance-sheet oath, confirming that the prescribed accounting
standards have been adhered to and that the financial statements give a true and fair view
of the net worth, financial position and earnings. When in session, the Supervisory Board's
Audit Committee regularly concerns itself with the effectiveness of the ICS. Once a year, the
Executive Board of RWE AG submits a report on this to the Committee.


--- Page 58 ---

2

Combined review

of operations
Disclosure relating to
German takeover law

1
To our investors

3
Responsibility statement

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

2.10 Disclosure relating to German takeover law

The following disclosure is in accordance with Section 315a, Paragraph 1 and Section
289a, Paragraph 1 of the German Commercial Code as well as with Section 176,
Paragraph 1, Sentence 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act. The information relates
to company-specific regulations, for example relating to adjustments to the capital
structure by the Executive Board or a change of control of the company. At RWE, these
provisions are in line with the standards of German listed companies.

Composition of subscribed capital. RWE AG's capital stock amounts to
€1,731,123,322.88 and is divided among 676,220,048 no-par-value bearer shares.

As set out on page 42, in August 2020, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, the
Executive Board issued 61,474,549 new RWE shares to institutional investors in exchange
for cash contributions, waiving subscription rights. This increased the capital stock by
€157,374,845.44, or 10%.

Executive Board authorisation to issue new shares. The capital increase was based on an
authorisation issued by the Annual General Meeting on 26 April 2018, which contains the
following main provisions:

The Executive Board is authorised to increase the company’s capital stock, subject to

the Supervisory Board's approval, by up to €314,749,693.44 until 25 April 2023,
through the issuance of up to 122,949,099 new bearer shares in return for contributions
in cash or in kind (authorised capital). This authorisation may be exercised in full or in part,
or once or several times for partial amounts. In principle, shareholders are entitled to
subscription rights.

79

Subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board, the Executive Board may waive
subscription rights:

+ to prevent fractional amounts resulting from the subscription ratio;

to issue shares in exchange for contributions in kind for the purposes of mergers or
acquisitions of companies, parts of companies, operations, or of stakes in companies;

in the event of a cash capital increase if the price at which the new shares are issued is not
significantly lower than the price at which shares are quoted on the stock market and the

portion of the capital stock accounted for by the new shares, for which subscription rights
are waived, does not exceed 10 % in total;

and to offer shares to potential holders of convertible or option bonds commensurate to
the rights to which they would be entitled on conversion of the bond or on exercise of the
option.

The Executive Board is authorised, subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board, to
determine the further details and conditions of the share issuance. In sum, the capital stock
may not be increased by more than 20% through the issuance of new shares waiving
subscription rights.

On 18/19 August 2020, RWE exercised the option of conducting a cash capital increase
waiving subscription rights up to the upper limit of 10 %. Half of the authorised capital, i.e. a
maximum of €157,374,848, may still be used for other capital measures. This corresponds
to an issuance of up to 61,474,550 RWE shares.


--- Page 59 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Disclosure relating to
German takeover law

Shares in capital accounting for more than 10% of voting rights. As of 31 December
2020, no holding in RWE AG exceeded 10% of the voting rights.

Limitation of share transfers. Within the scope of RWE’s employee share plan,

314,760 RWE shares were issued to staff in Germany in the financial year that just ended.
The beneficiaries may only freely dispose of the shares after 31 December 2021. RWE also
has employee share schemes in the United Kingdom. Participating companies are

RWE Generation UK plc, RWE Technology UK Limited and RWE Supply & Trading GmbH UK
Branch. In 2020, a total of 17,905 RWE shares were purchased under the UK plans. These
shares are also subject to a restriction on disposal, which lasts five years from the grant
date.

Appointment and dismissal of Executive Board members / amendments to the Articles
of Incorporation. Executive Board members are appointed and dismissed in accordance
with Sections 84 et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act in conjunction with Section
31 of the German Co-Determination Act. Amendments to the Articles of Incorporation are
made pursuant to Section 179 et seqq. of the German Stock Corporation Act in conjunction
with Article 16, Paragraph 5 of the Articles of Incorporation of RWE AG. According to the
aforementioned provision in the Articles of Incorporation, unless otherwise required by law
or the Articles of Incorporation, the Annual General Meeting shall adopt all resolutions by a
simple majority of the votes cast or - if a capital majority is required - by the simple majority
of the capital stock represented when the resolution is passed. Pursuant to Article 10,
Paragraph 9 of the Articles of Incorporation, the Supervisory Board is authorised to pass
resolutions in favour of amendments to the Articles of Incorporation that only concern
formal matters, without having a material impact on the content.

RWE AG authorisation to implement share buybacks. Furthermore, the Annual General
Meeting on 26 April 2018 authorised the Executive Board of RWE AG to conduct share
buybacks subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board until 25 April 2023, said
buybacks accounting for up to 10% of the capital stock as of the effective date of the
resolution or as of the exercise date of the authorisation ifthe capital stock is lower on this
date. At the Executive Board's discretion, this may be done on the stock exchange or via a
public purchase offer.

80

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Shares purchased in this way may then be cancelled. Furthermore, they may be transferred
to third parties in connection with mergers or acquisitions of companies, parts of
companies, operations, or of stakes in companies. The company may also use the shares to
fulfil its obligations resulting from employee share schemes or settle rights arising from
convertible or option bonds. In the aforementioned cases, shareholder subscription rights
are waived. These authorisations may be exercised in full or in part, or once or several times
for partial amounts.

Pursuant to the authorisation of 26 April 2018, the shares bought back could be sold for
cash via other channels. This option no longer exists because the shares issued to conduct
the capital increase count towards the upper limit of 10% of the capital stock for which the
authorisation was granted. For the same reason, it is also no longer possible to transfer
repurchased shares to holders of convertible or option bonds if these bonds were issued
waiving subscription rights and in exchange for cash contributions. In addition, the shares
bought back cannot be used to settle subscription rights which holders of convertible or
option bonds would have if they exercised the options attached to bonds in exchange for
RWE shares.

Effects of a change of control on debt financing. Our debt financing instruments often
contain clauses that take effect in the event of a change of control. Such a provision is in
place e.g. in respect of our €5 billion syndicated credit line. It essentially has the following
content: in the event of a change of control or majority at RWE, drawings are suspended
until further notice. The lenders shall enter into negotiations with us on a continuation of the
credit line. Should we fail to reach an agreement with the majority of them within 30 days
from the change of control, the lenders may cancel the line of credit.


--- Page 60 ---

2
Combined review
of operations

Disclosure relating to
German takeover law

1
To our investors

3
Responsibility statement

Change-of-control clauses also exist with regard to our bonds. The following rule applies to
asenior bond maturing in 2037, a small residual amount of which remained with RWE when
we transferred our senior bonds to innogy in 2016: in the event of a change of control in
conjunction with a drop in RWE AG's credit rating below investment-grade status, creditors
may demand immediate redemption. With regard to subordinated hybrid bonds, we have
the right to cancel them within the defined change-of-control period in such cases; if this
does not occur, the annual yield of the hybrid bonds increases by 500 basis points.

Consequences of a change of control for Executive Board and executive remuneration.
The current version of the German Corporate Governance Code dated 16 December 2019
recommends that no commitments to (additional) benefits be made in the event of the early
termination of an employment contract by a member of the Executive Board as a result of
achange of control. We adhere to this principle in all of the new employment contracts.
Michael Muller and Zvezdana Seeger, who joined the Executive Board as of 1 November 2020,
do not have a special right of termination or severance entitlements in the event of a
change of control. The same will apply as of 1 May 2021 to Markus Krebber when he
succeeds Rolf Martin Schmitz as CEO.

81

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

By contrast, the current employment contracts of Rolf Martin Schmitz and Markus Krebber
still have a change-of-control clause. It gives them a special right of termination in the event
that a change of control puts them at a major disadvantage. In such a case, they are free to
resign for cause from their position within six months of the change of control by giving three
months’ notice. In addition, they can request the termination of their employment contract
and receive a one-off payment. The amount of the one-off payment shall correspond to the
compensation that would have been due until the end of the contractually agreed term of
service, but no more than three times the total contractual annual remuneration, excluding
share-based payments.

Change-of-control provisions also apply to the share-based payment of the Executive
Board and executives. All performance shares granted on a preliminary basis for the fiscal
year underway at the time of the change of control shall expire without replacement or
compensation. Conversely, rights in connection with performance shares for past fiscal
years, for which no payout has been effected yet, shall be preserved.


--- Page 61 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Remuneration report

2.11 Remuneration report

Standards imposed on management and supervisory board compensation by the
capital market have become higher. More than ever before, companies are expected to
remunerate managing and monitoring bodies based on performance, while providing
incentives for forward-looking sustainable action. RWE meets these demands.
Nevertheless, we have refined the Executive Board remuneration system in close
co-operation with investors. We will present the new rules to the 2021 Annual General
Meeting for approval. The following commentary focuses on the compensation
regulations for fiscal 2020.

Structure and level of Supervisory Board remuneration

The remuneration paid to the members of the Supervisory Board for fiscal 2020 was
based on a resolution passed by the 2013 Annual General Meeting and is governed by
the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation of RWE AG. It complies with all of the
recommendations of the current version of the German Corporate Governance Code
(GCGC) which was published on 16 December 2019.

The Chairman of the Supervisory Board of RWE AG receives fixed remuneration of
€300,000 per fiscal year. His Deputy receives €200,000 per fiscal year. The other members
of the Supervisory Board receive fixed remuneration of €100,000 and additional
compensation for committee mandates according to the following rules: members of the
Audit Committee receive additional remuneration of €40,000. This payment is increased to
€80,000 for the Chair of this committee. With the exception of the Nomination Committee,
the members of which do not receive additional remuneration, the members and the Chairs
of all the other Supervisory Board committees receive an additional €20,000 and €40,000
in remuneration, respectively. Remuneration for a committee mandate is only paid if the
committee is active at least once in the fiscal year.

82

4
Consolidated financial
statements

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2020

Supervisory Board members who concurrently hold several offices in this body only receive
compensation for the highest-paid position. Remuneration is prorated if a Supervisory
Board member only performs a function for part of a fiscal year.

In addition to the remuneration paid, out-of-pocket expenses are refunded to the members
of the Supervisory Board. Some Supervisory Board members also receive income from the
exercise of Supervisory Board mandates at subsidiaries of RWE AG.

The members of the Supervisory Board imposed on themselves the obligation, subject to
any commitment to relinquish their pay, to use 25 % of the total annual compensation
(before taxes) to buy RWE shares and to hold them for the duration of their membership of the
Supervisory Board of RWE AG. Last year, all of the members who do not relinquish their
compensation met this self-imposed obligation regarding their compensation for 2019.

In total, the remuneration of the Supervisory Board (excluding the reimbursement of
out-of-pocket expenses) amounted to €2,880,000 in fiscal 2020 (previous year:
€3,304,000). Of this sum, €480,000 (previous year: €465,000) was remuneration paid for
mandates on committees of the Supervisory Board and €100,000 (previous year:
€543,000) was remuneration paid for mandates at subsidiaries of RWE AG.

In accordance with Section 113 of the German Stock Corporation Act, we will present a
Supervisory Board remuneration scheme to the Annual General Meeting on 28 April 2021
for approval. We are considering proposing to the shareholders an increase in remuneration
for committee work.

The remuneration of all individuals who served on the Supervisory Board in 2019 and/or
2020 is shown in the table overleaf.


--- Page 62 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements

Remuneration report

Supervisory Board remuneration? Fixed remuneration Remuneration for Remuneration for Total remuneration®
committee offices mandates at subsidiaries?

€‘000 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
Dr. Werner Brandt, Chairman 300 300 - - - - 300 300
Frank Bsirske, Deputy Chairman 200 200 - - - 143 200 343
Michael Bochinsky 100 100 40 40 - - 140 140
Reiner Béhle (until 18 Sep 2019) - 72 - 14 - - - 86
Sandra Bossemeyer 100 100 20 20 - - 120 120
Martin Broker 100 100 - - - - 100 100
Anja Dubbert (since 27 Sep 2019) 100 26 20 1 - - 120 27
Matthias Duirbaum (since 27 Sep 2019) 100 26 20 1 - - 120 27
Ute Gerbaulet 100 100 - - - - 100 100
Prof. Dr. Hans-Peter Keitel 100 100 20 20 - - 120 120
Dr. h.c. Monika Kircher 100 100 40 30 - - 140 130
Monika Krebber (until 18 Sep 2019) - 72 - 14 - 86 - 172
Harald Louis 100 100 20 20 20 20 140 140
Dagmar Miihlenfeld 100 100 20 20 - - 120 120
Peter Ottmann 100 100 20 20 - - 120 120
Giinther Schartz 100 100 20 20 - - 120 120
Dr. Erhard Schipporeit 100 100 80 80 - 215 180 395
Dr. Wolfgang Schiissel 100 100 20 25 - - 120 125
Ullrich Siero 100 100 40 40 - - 140 140
Ralf Sikorski 100 100 40 40 50 50 190 190
Marion Weckes 100 100 40 40 - - 140 140
Leonhard Zubrowski 100 100 20 20 30 30 150 150
Total® 2,300 2,296 480 465 100 543 2,880 3,304

1 Supervisory Board members who joined or retired from the corporate body during the year receive prorated remuneration.
2. Remuneration for exercising mandates at subsidiaries is only included for periods of membership of the Supervisory Board of RWE AG.
3 The commercial rounding of certain figures can result in inaccurate sum totals.

83


--- Page 63 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Remuneration report

3
Responsibility statement

Structure of Executive Board remuneration

Overview. The structure and level of the Executive Board's remuneration are determined by
the Supervisory Board and reviewed on a regular basis to determine whether they are
appropriate and in line with generally accepted principles. The remuneration system
described in the following was introduced with effect from 1 October 2016. It is made up of
non-performance-based and performance-based components. The former consists of the
fixed salary, the pension instalment as well as fringe benefits. The performance-based
components include the bonus and a share-based payment, the latter of which is a long-term
component.

At its meeting on 25 June 2020, the Supervisory Board fundamentally reformed the
remuneration system, in order to align it even more closely with the objectives of the
company and the demands of our stakeholders. The amendments relate to various matters,
including the long-term share-based payment, personal investment in RWE shares, and the
financial consequences of misconduct. With a few exceptions, the old rules applied to the
Executive Board's remuneration in 2020. These are described in more detail in the following.
We have provided information on the major changes at the end of the chapter on page 96.

Recipients of Executive Board remuneration. In the financial year that just ended,
Rolf Martin Schmitz, Markus Krebber, Michael Muller and Zvezdana Seeger received
compensation for their work on the Executive Board of RWE AG.

+ Rolf Martin Schmitz (63) has been a member of the Executive Board since 1 May 2009
and its Chairman since 15 October 2016. Concurrently, he was the Labour Director from
May 2017 to October 2020. He will retire from the Executive Board as of 30 April 2021.

+ Markus Krebber (48) was appointed to the Executive Board with effect from 1 October
2016 and has been CFO since 15 October 2016. His tenure on the Executive Board runs
through to 30 June 2026, and he will assume chairmanship as of 1 May 2021.

84

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

+ Michael Miller (49) was appointed to the Executive Board for an initial period of three
years with effect from 1 November 2020. He will become CFO as of 1 May 2021.

+ Zvezdana Seeger (56) also joined the Executive Board of RWE AG on 1 November 2020.
She is the Labour Director and responsible for HR and IT. Her first tenure is also limited to
three years.

Fixed compensation and pension instalments. The members of the Executive Board of
RWE AG receive a fixed annual salary, which is paid in monthly instalments. As a second fixed
remuneration component, they are entitled to a pension instalment for every year of service,
which is determined on an individual basis. By contrast, Rolf Martin Schmitz, who.
belonged to the Executive Board before the pension instalment was introduced, receives

a pension commitment (see page 88).

The pension instalment is paid in cash or retained in part or in full in exchange for a
pension commitment of equal value. The accumulated capital may be drawn on retirement,
but not before the Executive Board member turns 62. When retiring, Executive Board
members can choose a one-time payment or a maximum of nine instalments. They and
their surviving dependants do not receive any further benefits. Vested retirement benefits
from earlier activities within the RWE Group remain unaffected by this.

Fringe benefits. Non-performance-based compensation also includes fringe benefits,
primarily consisting of company cars and accident insurance premiums.

Bonus. Executive Board members receive a bonus which is based on the economic
performance of the company and the degree to which they achieve their individual goals
and the collective goals of the Executive Board. The starting point for calculating the
individual bonus is what is referred to as the ‘company bonus, which depends on the level of
EBIT of relevance to remuneration in the fiscal year in question. The basis for determining
this figure is adjusted EBIT (EBIT minus the non-operating result). The rules of Executive
Board remuneration stipulate that the Supervisory Board may modify adjusted EBIT to
make this figure more suitable for measuring management performance. Such adjustments


--- Page 64 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Remuneration report

can relate to gains on disposals, changes in provisions, as well as impairments and their
consequences. This converts adjusted EBIT to EBIT of relevance to remuneration.

The company bonus is determined as follows: the Supervisory Board sets a target as well as
a floor and a ceiling for EBIT of relevance to remuneration at the beginning of every fiscal
year. After the end of the fiscal year, the actual level of adjusted EBIT and EBIT of relevance
to remuneration resulting from the modifications explained earlier are determined. If the
latter is identical to the target, the target achievement is 100 %. In this case, the company
bonus equals the contractually agreed baseline bonus. If EBIT of relevance to remuneration
is exactly at the pre-defined floor, target achievement is 50%; if it is at the ceiling, target
achievement is 150%. Between the two limits, target achievement is calculated by linear
interpolation. If EBIT of relevance to remuneration is below the floor, no company bonus is
paid. If the ceiling is exceeded, the maximum target achievement remains 150%.

In addition to the company bonus, the individual performance factor determines the level
of bonus paid to each Executive Board member. The performance factor depends on the
achievement of: (1) individual goals, (2) general collective goals, and (3) collective goals in
relation to corporate responsibility and employee motivation. The aforementioned target
categories are each weighted by one-third. After the end of every fiscal year, the
Supervisory Board evaluates the individual performance of the Executive Board members
relative to the three aforementioned categories. In so doing, it orients itself towards the
degree to which the targets set at the beginning of the year have been met. Degrees of
achievement can range between 0% and 200 %. However, the derivable performance
factor is limited to between 80% and 120%. This means that the performance factor for an
Executive Board member with a 150% target achievement is only 120%.

85

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

The company bonus, multiplied by the individual performance factor, results in the bonus for
each Executive Board member. This is paid in full after the end of the fiscal year.

Deviating from the aforementioned rules, it was agreed that the individual performance
factor for the two months of work last year of Zvezdana Seeger and Michael Muller, who
joined the Executive Board as of 1 November 2020, only be determined based on the
achievement of individual goals. Therefore, the collective goals in categories (2) and (3) were
disregarded.

Share-based payment. Executive Board members are granted a share-based payment,
which rewards the achievement of long-term goals. For fiscal 2020, this was done for the
last time under the 2016 - 2020 Strategic Performance Plan (SPP). The two following
criteria are used by the SPP in measuring the degree to which goals are achieved in a fiscal
year: the total return of the RWE share, which is made up of the share price and the dividend
(performance), and net income of relevance to remuneration. As set out earlier, major
aspects of the share-based payment have been modified. The changes were implemented
in the 2021 SPP, which has been in effect since the beginning of the current year. The
following commentary concerns the old SPP.

The 2016 - 2020 SPP is based on performance shares with a term (vesting period) made
up of the fiscal year to which they relate and the three subsequent years. At the beginning of
a fiscal year, Executive Board members receive a grant letter, in which they are informed of
their personal gross allocation amount. The new Executive Board members Zvezdana
Seeger and Michael Muller received their allocation when they took office in November.

The number of performance shares is calculated by dividing the gross grant amount by the
average closing quotation of the RWE share over the last 30 days of trading on Xetra before
the respective grant year. However, the allocation is provisional. The final number of fully
granted performance shares to be allocated is determined after the respective grant year.


--- Page 65 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Remuneration report

3
Responsibility statement

Under the 2016 - 2020 SPP, the reconciliation of the conditionally granted performance
shares to the finally granted performance shares is oriented towards net income of
relevance to remuneration, which is determined by making modifications to adjusted net
income. The allowable modifications are governed by the SPP conditions and ensure that
actual earnings can be compared to the predetermined target figures even in cases of
unforeseen events such as rights issues, acquisitions, disposals and changes in regulations.

The Supervisory Board determines the target figures for net income of relevance to
remuneration at the beginning of the fiscal year on the basis of the company’s medium-
term plan. It also establishes the ceilings and floors. Accordingly, the 2016 - 2020 SPP.
takes the following approach: ifthe actual and target figure are identical, 100 % of the
conditionally granted performance shares are fully allocated. If the actual figure is exactly at
the floor, 50% of the conditionally granted performance shares are fully allocated; if it is at
the ceiling, the final grant amounts to 150 %. If the actual figure is below the floor, all of the
conditionally granted performance shares lapse. If the ceiling is exceeded, the maximum
grant remains 150%.

Pursuant to the 2016 - 2020 SPP, the performance shares are fully paid out in cash to the
Executive Board member three years after the final grant. This means that the payment for
the 2018, 2019 and 2020 tranches is still outstanding. The level of the payment depends
onthe performance of the RWE share. It corresponds to the final number of performance
shares multiplied by the sum of the average closing Xetra quotation of the RWE share on the
last 30 trading days of the vesting period and the dividends accumulated in the last three
years. However, a cap applies in this case as well: even in the event of an extremely good
share performance, the payment is limited to a maximum of 200 % of the initial gross grant
amount.

The members of the Executive Board are obliged to reinvest 25 % of the payment
(after taxes) in RWE shares. The shares must be held until at least the end of the third year
after conclusion of the vesting period.

86

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

The performance shares remain unaffected after an Executive Board member resigns
from their office at the end of their contract and are paid out as planned at the end of the
vesting period. If an Executive Board member leaves the company at their own request, or if
they are terminated for cause, all of the performance shares that have not reached the end
of the vesting period lapse.

Malus and clawback provisions. The 2016 - 2020 SPP contains a malus clause, which
allows the Supervisory Board to penalise misconduct by an Executive Board member by
shortening or completely eliminating an ongoing SPP tranche. Such misconduct includes
the intentional breach of the Code of Conduct, the compliance guidelines, a major duty set
out in the employment contract, or of the duties of care defined by Section 93 of the
German Stock Corporation Act.

The contracts of Michael Muller and Zvezdana Seeger, both of whom joined the Executive
Board in November 2020, include the extensive malus and clawback provisions of the
future remuneration system. These provisions allow the Supervisory Board to claw back
performance-linked compensation that has already been paid (bonus and share-based
payment) in part or in full ifthe consolidated financial statements are found to contain
errors. Above and beyond that, in the event of misconduct by an Executive Board member,
the Supervisory Board can exercise its discretion in reducing or cancelling any variable
compensation for the fiscal year with which the breach of duty is associated. If the variable
remuneration for the fiscal year in question has already been paid, the Supervisory Board
can demand that it be returned in part or in full. The malus and clawback provisions shall
not prejudice the obligation of the Executive Board member to compensate the company
for damages.

Remuneration for exercising mandates. During the past fiscal year, members of the RWE AG
Executive Board were paid to exercise supervisory board mandates at affiliates. This income
fully counted towards the bonus (Schmitz/Krebber) or fixed remuneration (Muller /Seeger)
and therefore did not increase the total remuneration.


--- Page 66 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Remuneration report

Range of Executive Board remuneration

Ceiling: 164%

Strategic
Performance Plan
(Maximum: 200 %)

80%
Budget: 100%

Strategic
Performance
Plan (100%)

Floor: 30%

Fixed salary Fixed salary

Remuneration broken down by component. Assuming that both the company and
the Executive Board members achieved their performance targets to a degree of 100%,
the compensation structure would roughly have broken down as follows: 30 % of total
remuneration would have been accounted for by the fixed salary, another 30% by the
bonus, and 40% by long-term compensation under the 2016 - 2020 SPP.

Limitation of Executive Board remuneration. The chart above shows the percentage
shares of the components of Executive Board remuneration in 2020. The company bonus
was limited to 150% of the contractually agreed bonus budget and the individual
performance factor was capped at 120 %. Consequently, a maximum of 180% of the bonus
budget could be reached. With regard to share-based payment under the 2016 - 2020
SPP, payout of the performance shares after the vesting period was limited to a maximum
of 200% of the grant budget. Due to the above maximum values, there was also a cap on
total compensation, which amounted to 164 % of the budget.

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Payment dates. Executive Board members receive their fixed salary in monthly
instalments. The pension instalment is paid out at the end of the year, unless it is converted
into a pension commitment. After the fiscal year, the Supervisory Board determines the
target achievement for the company bonus and establishes the individual performance
factor. The bonus is paid in April. For performance shares from the SPP, the payment is
made in the first quarter following the end of the vesting period. As explained earlier,
Executive Board members must invest 25 % of the payment in RWE shares and may not sell
these shares until after three additional calendar years have passed from completion of the
four-year vesting period. As a result, it takes a total of seven years for Executive Board
members to obtain the full amount of their compensation.

Executive Board remuneration payment timeline for a fiscal year

Strategic
yA Performance
Plan
LP Bonus |
Pension | Sj Payment
instalment 3] Pay
Payment ‘] in the first quarter
in April
25% reinvestment
7 In RWEshares
End of the
minimum
holding period
\ \ \ \ \ \
T T T T T T
Fiscal year Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 Year 6 Year 7

87


--- Page 67 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Remuneration report

Pension scheme. Until the introduction of the pension instalment described earlier on

1 January 2011, pension benefits were granted to the members of the Executive Board. Of
the Executive Board members in 2020, this only applies to Rolf Martin Schmitz; the pension
commitment made to him in 2009 remains unchanged. It entitles him to life-long
retirement benefits in the event of retirement from the Executive Board of RWE AG upon
turning 60, permanent disability, early termination or non-extension of his employment
contract by the company. In the event of death, his surviving dependants are entitled to
benefits. The amount of Rolf Martin Schmitz’s qualifying income and the level of benefits
based on the years of service determine his individual pension and surviving dependants’
benefits.

Change of control. The contracts of Rolf Martin Schmitz and Markus Krebber contain
change-of-control clauses, which consist of the following main provisions: if shareholders or
third parties obtain control over the company and this results in major disadvantages for
the Executive Board members, they have a special right of termination. They can resign
from the Executive Board and request that their employment contract be terminated in
combination with a one-off payment within six months of the change of control.

Achange of control as defined by this provision occurs when one or several shareholders or
third parties acting jointly account for at least 30% of the voting rights in the company, or if
any of the aforementioned can exert a controlling influence on the company in another
manner. A change of control also occurs if the company is merged with another legal entity,
unless the value of the other legal entity is less than 50% of the value of RWE AG.

On termination of their employment contract due to a change of control, Executive Board
members receive a one-off payment equalling the compensation due until the end of the
term of their contract. However, this amount will not be higher than three times their total
annual remuneration, which encompasses all compensation components including fringe
benefits but excluding the SPP.

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

In the event of a change of control, all of the performance shares granted under the

2016 - 2020 SPP that have been finally allocated but not been paid out are paid out early.
Conversely, performance shares conditionally granted by the date of the change of control
lapse without replacement or consideration.

The latest version of the GCGC suggests that no benefits be pledged in the event of the
early termination of an employment contract by an Executive Board member due to a
change of control. We adhere to this principle in all newly concluded employment contracts.
In the event of a change of control, Zvezdana Seeger and Michael Muller, who were
appointed to the Executive Board as of 1 November 2020, do not have a special right of
termination or a right to severance. The same will apply to Markus Krebber from 1 May
2021 onwards, when he succeeds Rolf Martin Schmitz as CEO.

Early termination of Executive Board mandate and severance cap. Following a
recommendation of the GCGC, the Executive Board’s employment contracts include a
provision stipulating that if an Executive Board mandate is otherwise terminated early
without due cause, a severance payment of no more than the remuneration due until the
end of the employment contract and no more than two total annual compensations is
made (severance cap).


--- Page 68 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Remuneration report

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2020

Level of Executive Board Rolf Martin Schmitz Markus Krebber Michael Maller* Zvezdana Seeger* Total
remuneration (according to HGB)
€'000 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
Non-performance-based: 1,181 1,183 1,145 1,085 156 - 154 - 2,636 2,268
Fixed remuneration? 1,160 1,160 800 763 108 - 108 - 2,176 1,923
Pension instalments? = - 300 300 43 - 43 - 386 300
Fringe benefits 21 23 45 22 5 - 3 - 74 45
Performance-based: 3,084 3,032 2,187 2,271 297 - 297 - 5,865 5,303
Bonus (short-term) 1,584 1,782 1,087 1171 130 - 130 - 2,931 2,953
of which:
credited remuneration for mandates? 85 115 40 146 = - = - 129 261
Value of performance shares at grant?
(long-term) 1,500 1,250 1,100 1,100 167 - 167 - 2,934 2,350
Total remuneration 4,265 4,215 3,332 3,356 453 - 451 - 8,501 7,571

1 Michael Miller and Zvezdana Seeger joined the Executive Board on 1 November 2020.

2 Income of Michael Miller and Zvezdana Seeger from the exercise of Supervisory Board offices within the Group counts towards fixed pay and not the bonus; in 2020, it amounted to €7,000 for Michael Miller, whereas Zvezdana Seeger did

not have any such income.

3 The pension instalment paid to Markus Krebber, Michael Miller and Zvezdana Seeger is part of their remuneration under the German Commercial Code (HGB), but this does not apply to the annual service cost of the pension commitment to

Rolf Martin Schmitz.
4 The German Commercial Code mandates the statement of the fair value as of the grant date.

Level of Executive Board remuneration

The remuneration of the Executive Board of RWE AG is calculated in compliance with the
rules set out in the German Commercial Code (HGB). The members of the Executive Board
received €8,501,000 in total remuneration for their work in fiscal 2020 compared to
€7,571,000 in the previous year when the board was made up of two members. The
remuneration components are shown in the table above.

EBIT of relevance to remuneration, the basis for calculating the bonus, amounted to
€1,830 million in the fiscal year that just ended. It differs from adjusted EBIT (€1,771 million)
in that we made certain modifications to it to neutralise exceptional effects that could not be

foreseen when establishing the target figure. One such modification related to the dividend
onthe 15% stake in E.ON, which was considered in the EBIT target because it had not been
decided at the time that we would recognise it in the financial result. Moreover, a correction
was made to income from investments that was unexpectedly high due to timing effects.

A further adjustment related to impairments recognised in 2019, the knock-on effects of
which were not taken into account in the target value and were therefore eliminated. The
adjusted EBIT target derived from the medium-term plan was €1,556 million (target
achievement of 100%), with a floor of €856 million (target achievement of 50%) and a
ceiling of €2,256 million (target achievement of 150%). These figures and the actual figure
result in a target achievement of 120% for 2020. This means that the company bonus was
20% higher than the bonus budget established at the beginning of the year.

89


--- Page 69 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Remuneration report

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Calculation of the 2020 company bonus 2020 Targetachievement Calculation of the 2020 Rolf Martin Markus Michael Zvezdana
€million % individual bonus Schmitz _Krebber Miller Seeger
Adjusted EBIT 1771 - Bonus budget €'000 1,100 755 108 108
Modifications» 59 - Target achievement regarding
EBIT of relevance to remuneration AGED 120 _EBlTof relevance to remuneration % 120 120 120 120
Torget eas Too company bonus €'000 1,320 906 130 130
Calling AaEG 750 _Individual performance factor % 120 120 100 100
Foor aS 50 _lndividual bonus €'000 1,584 1,087 130 130

1 See commentary on the previous page.

The Supervisory Board found that Rolf Martin Schmitz and Markus Krebber overachieved
the individual and collective targets. The main success factors were the completion of the
asset swap with E.ON and the progress made in transforming RWE into a leading renewable
energy company. The Supervisory Board is of the opinion that the repeated strong
performance of the RWE share is proof of the capital market's endorsement of RWE's
growth strategy. Of notable mention was the Executive Board setting the stage for the
accelerated expansion of wind and solar capacity through the capital increase of August
2020 and the acquisition of Nordex’s European project development business. The
conclusion of the public law contract with the German government on the conditions of the
lignite phaseout and its socially acceptable provisions also contributed to the high degree of
target achievement. Goals associated with employee motivation, which is measured via
regular in-company surveys, were slightly exceeded. The degrees of target achievement with
respect to CR goals, which mainly relate to the carbon footprint of the generation portfolio,
occupational safety as well as conformity with compliance, environmental and social
standards, were between 95% and 120%. Messrs. Schmitz and Krebber fell 5% short of the
carbon footprint target set for the generation portfolio due to delays in the completion of
renewable energy assets, which in some cases were due to COVID-19. In view of the
problem-free familiarisation process of Michael Muller and Zvezdana Seeger, the
Supervisory Board determined that these two new Executive Board members reached an
individual target achievement of 100%. As set out earlier, this assessment did not take
account of any of the collective goals.

90

Rolf Martin Schmitz and Markus Krebber each had a target achievement of 132%. Due to
the cap, their individual performance factor was 120%, whereas that of Michael Muller and
Zvezdana Seeger was 100%. Multiplying these figures by the company bonus results in the
amount of individual bonus granted to each Executive Board member. It totalled
€1,584,000 for Rolf Martin Schmitz, €1,087,000 for Markus Krebber, €130,000 for
Michael Muller and €130,000 for Zvezdana Seeger.

in of the 2020 tranche of the 2020 = Target achievement
Strategic Performance Plan €million %
Adjusted net income DZS -
Modifications* -170 -
Net income of relevance to remuneration 1,043 104
Target 1,007 100
Ceiling 1,507 150
Floor 507 50

1 See commentary on the next page.


--- Page 70 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Remuneration report

The German Commercial Code stipulates that the long-term performance-based
remuneration component is the fair value of the performance shares granted on a
preliminary basis at the beginning of a fiscal year. As set out on pages 85 et seq., the level of
the final grant depends on the development of net income of relevance to remuneration in
the fiscal year compared to a predefined target. The latter was set by the Supervisory Board
at €1,007 million for 2020 (grant of 100%). The floor was €507 million (grant of 50%) and
the ceiling was €1,507 million (grant of 150%). The actual amount of €1,043 million led to
atarget achievement of 104%. This means that the final grant of performance shares for
2020 was 4% higher than the preliminary grant.

4

Consolidated financial

statements

5

Further information

RWE Annual Report 2020

Net income of relevance to remuneration is adjusted net income (€1,213 million) minus
several exceptional items. As mentioned on page 89, we made a downward correction to

the unexpectedly high income from investments and eliminated knock-on effects of
impairments. A further modification related to the tax rate, which is used to calculate
adjusted net income. It currently amounts to 15%, whereas the target was determined

based on a tax rate of 20%.

Long-term incentive payment (Strategic Performance Plan): 2020 tranche Rolf Martin Schmitz Markus Krebber Michael Miller Zvezdana Seeger
Grant date 1 Jan 2020 1 Jan 2020 1Nov 2020 1 Nov 2020
Fair value at grant date €'000 1,500 1,100 167 167
Share price (average) € 26.41 26.41 26.41 26.41
Number of performance shares allocated on a provisional basis 56,797 41,651 6,311 6,311
Measurement date of performance conditions 31 Dec 2020 31 Dec 2020 31 Dec 2020 31 Dec 2020
Target achievement in relation to net income of relevance to remuneration % 104 104 104 104
Final number of fully granted performance shares 59,069 43,317 6,563 6,563

31 Dec 2023 31 Dec 2023 31 Dec 2023 31 Dec 2023

End of vesting period

91


--- Page 71 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements
Remuneration report
Long-term incentive payment Rolf Martin Schmitz Markus Krebber
(Strategic Performance Plan):
2017 - 2019 tranches
Tranche Year 2019 2018 2017 2019 2018 2017
Grant date 1Jan 2019 1Jan 2018 1Jan 2017 1Jan 2019 1Jan 2018 1Jan 2017
Fair value at grant date €'000 1,250 1,250 1,250 1,100 1,100 988
Share price (average) € 19.10 18.80 11.62 19.10 18.80 11.62
Number of performance shares allocated
on a provisional basis 65,445 66,489 107,573 57,592 58,511 84,983
Measurement date of performance conditions 31Dec 2019 31 Dec 2018 31Dec 2017 31Dec 2019 31 Dec 2018 31Dec 2017
Target achievement in relation to net income of
relevance to remuneration % 150 123 115 150 123 115
Final number of fully granted
performance shares 98,168 81,781 123,709 86,388 71,969 97,730
End of vesting period 31 Dec 2022 31 Dec 2021 31 Dec 2020 31Dec 2022 31 Dec 2021 31 Dec 2020

The table below shows the increase in provisions to cover obligations from share-based

payments under the SPP.

Ad in to provisions for long-term share-based 2020 2019
incentive payments

€'000

Rolf Martin Schmitz 2,527 2,726
Markus Krebber 2,096 1,982
Michael Muller 54 -
Zvezdana Seeger 54 -
Total 4,731 4,708

92

Obligations under the former pension scheme. The service cost of pension obligations to
Rolf Martin Schmitz amounted to €595,000 in 2020 (previous year: €554,000). This is not
a remuneration component in accordance with the German Commercial Code. As of
year-end, the present value of the defined benefit obligation determined in accordance with
IFRS amounted to €16,441,000 (previous year: €14,997,000). The present value of the
pension obligation determined according to the German Commercial Code totalled
€13,166,000 (previous year: €11,894,000). It therefore increased by €1,272,000
(previous year: €1,360,000). Based on the emoluments qualifying for a pension as of

31 December 2020, the projected annual pension paid to Rolf Martin Schmitz on retiring
from the company totalled €556,000, as in the previous year. This includes vested pension
benefits due from former employers transferred to RWE AG.


--- Page 72 ---

2
Combined review
of operations

Remuneration report

1
To our investors

3
Responsibility statement

Presentation of Executive Board remuneration in
accordance with the GCGC (2017)

In designing and presenting the remuneration system, we also follow the recommendations
of the German Corporate Governance Code. Last year, we oriented ourselves towards the
version of the Code dated 7 February 2017, which was in force at the time. It was replaced
by the version of 16 December 2019, which was introduced on 20 March 2020. The new
GCGC no longer contains recommendations regarding the presentation of management
board compensation, as opposed to the old version of the Code, which recommended the
use of specific model tables. The Government Commission responsible for the Code is of the
opinion that reporting on remuneration is now sufficiently regulated by the German law on
the implementation of the Second Shareholder Rights Directive (ARUG II). However, the
corresponding rules pursuant to German stock corporation law become mandatory for
fiscal 2021 and later. To avoid gaps in transparency, we are presenting the Executive
Board's remuneration for 2020 using the model tables from the 2017 GCGC once again.

The following tables show:

+ the benefits granted for the reporting year including fringe benefits as well as the
theoretical maximum and minimum amounts of variable compensation;

* payments of fixed remuneration, short-term variable remuneration and long-term
variable remuneration by year of receipt; and

+ the cost of pensions and other benefits.

93

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Benefits or compensation are considered granted when a binding commitment to such

is made to the management board member. In deviation from German commercial law, it is
immaterial to what extent the management board member has already provided the
services being remunerated.

The term ‘benefits received’ defines the extent to which the management board member
has already received payments. In this regard, the relevant aspect is the time at which the

amount being paid is sufficiently certain and not the actual time of the payment. We also
take this approach in presenting the payments made under the 2016 - 2020 SPP.

This distinction described above can be illustrated with the example of the bonus: the
contractually agreed and promised budgeted bonus for the fiscal year in question is
considered ‘granted’. Conversely, the benefits received table shows the bonus level which
will actually be paid with a high degree of probability. In this regard, it is irrelevant that the
payment will not be made until the following year. The payment date is deemed to have
been reached when the indicators needed to determine target achievement (and therefore
the bonus) are known with sufficient certainty. It is assumed that this is already the case at
the end of the year. As a result, the Executive Board bonuses are stated in the reporting year in
the benefits received table.


--- Page 73 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements

Remuneration report

Benefits granted Rolf Martin Schmitz Markus Krebber Michael Miller Zvezdana Seeger

Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer Member of the Executive Board Chief HR Officer / Labour Director

since 15 October 2016 since 15 October 2016 since 1 November 2020 since 1 November 2020

2020 2020 2020 2019 2020 2020 2020 2019 2020 2020 2020 2019 2020 2020 2020 2019
€'000 (Min) (Max) Actual Actual (Min) = (Max) Actual. “Actual = (Min) ~— (Max) Actual. Actual. «= (Min) = (Max) =~ Actual Actual
Fixed remuneration 1160 1,160 1160 1160 800 800 9800 763 108 108 + # 4108 - 108 108 108 -
Pension instalment - - = - 300 300 300 300 43 43 43 - 43 43 43 -
Fringe benefits 21 21 21 23 45 45 45 22 5 5 5 - 3 3 3 -
Total fixed remuneration 1,181 1,181 1,181 1,183 41,145 1,145 1,145 1085 156 156 156 - 154 154 154 -
One-year variable remuneration (bonus) © 1,980 1,100 1,100* 0 1,359 755 723% o 195 108 - o 195 108 -
Multi-year variable remuneration (SPP) © 3,000 1,500 1,250 © 2,200 1,100 1,100 Oo 333 167 - Oo 333 167 -
2019 tranche (term: 2019-2022) - - - 1,250 - - - 1,100 - - = - - - = -
2020 tranche (term: 2020-2023) 0 3,000 1,500 - 0 2,200 1,100 - Oo 333 167 - Oo 333 167 -
Total variable remuneration © 4,980 2,600 2,350 © 3,559 1,855 1,823 Oo 528 275 - 0 528 275 -
Total variable and fixed remuneration 1,181 6,161 3,781 3,533 1,145 4,704 3,000 2,908 156 684 431 - 154 682 429 -
Service cost 595 595 595 554 - - - - - - - - - - - -

Total remuneration 1,776 6,756 4,376 4,087 1,145 4,704 3,000 2,908 156 684 431 - 154 682 429 -

1 Figures restated due to the change in the method used to state the bonus.

94


--- Page 74 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2020
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements

Remuneration report

Benefits received Rolf Martin Schmitz Markus Krebber Michael Muller Zvezdana Seeger
Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer Member of the Executive Board Chief HR Officer /Labour Director
since 15 October 2016 since 15 October 2016 since 1 November 2020 since 1 November 2020
€'000 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
Fixed remuneration 1,160 1,160 800 763 108 - 108 -
Pension instalment = - 300 300 43 - 43 -
Fringe benefits 21 23 45 22 5 - 3 -
Total fixed remuneration 1,181 1,183 1,145 1,085 156 - 154 -
One-year variable remuneration (bonus) 1,584 1,782 1,087 1,171 130 - 130 -
Multi-year variable remuneration (SPP) 2,500 1,538 1,975 494 - - - -
Payment from the 2016 tranche = 1,538 = 494 - - - -
Payment from the 2017 tranche 2,500 - AS) - = - = -
Total variable remuneration 4,084 3,320 3,062 1,665 130 - 130 -
Total variable and fixed remuneration 5,265 4,503 4,207 2,750 286 - 284 -
Service cost 595 554 = - = - = -
Total remuneration 5,860 5,057 4,207 2,750 286 - 284 -

95


--- Page 75 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Remuneration report

New Executive Board remuneration system as of 2021

As set out earlier, we refined our Executive Board remuneration system in order to bring it in
line with the current statutory requirements and the expectations of our stakeholders. The
new rules have been in force since 1 January 2021. We maintained the basic structure of
the remuneration system. This means that Executive Board compensation still consists of
fixed remuneration, the pension instalment, the performance-based bonus and the
share-based payment. A detailed presentation of the new remuneration system can be
found in the invitation to this year’s Annual General Meeting, to which we will submit the
system for approval. The invitation has been published at www.rwe.com/agm.

The following is a brief overview of some major new rules:

+ Inthe future, share-based payments will orientate to two additional success factors: the
carbon footprint of our generation portfolio and the relative total shareholder return,
which puts the total return of the RWE share in relation to that of other European utility
stocks. These two indicators and the development of net income of relevance to
remuneration will determine how many of the conditionally granted performance shares
are finally granted at the end of the performance period. This period, which in the past
only comprised the fiscal year in question, will be extended to three years in the new
remuneration system. Once it ends, all three criteria will be given equal weight in
calculating the final grant. Thereafter, the performance shares must be held for a further
year. Therefore, the vesting period will still be four years.

96

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2020

+ Anew element included in the remuneration system is the Shareholder Ownership
Guidelines (SOGs) which serve to further align the interests of the Executive Board and the
shareholders. The SOGs obligate the members of the Executive Board to have a minimum
personal investment in RWE shares and to hold the shares during and two years after
their tenure on the Executive Board. The personal investment quota is 100% of annual
gross fixed remuneration for ordinary Executive Board members and 200 % for the
Chairman. Every year, at least 25 % of variable gross remuneration paid must be invested
in RWE shares until the target amount is reached.

+ Another major new feature is a clawback mechanism, which supplements the existing
demerit rule. As set out in more detail on page 86, in the event of misconduct, an
Executive Board member may be requested to return the variable remuneration already
paid. The old malus rule did not go that far: it simply allowed SPP tranches that had not
been paid yet to be reduced or withheld.

Since 2021, the employment contracts of Michael Miller and Zvezdana Seeger have
reflected all the amendments to the remuneration system. This also applies to Markus
Krebber as of 1 May 2021 when he becomes CEO. It was decided not to amend the
conditions of the contract of Rolf Martin Schmitz, who will resign from the Executive Board
at the end of April.
