

--- Page 1 ---

Combined Management Report > A.1 Organization of the Siemens Group and basis of presentation

Ad

Organization of the Siemens Group

and basis of presentation

Siemens is a technology company that is active in nearly all
countries of the world, focusing on the areas of automation
and digitalization in the process and manufacturing indus-
tries, intelligent infrastructure for buildings and distributed
energy systems, smart mobility solutions for rail and road
and medical technology and digital healthcare services.

Siemens comprises Siemens Aktiengesellschaft
(Siemens AG), a stock corporation under the Federal laws
of Germany, as the parent company and its subsidiaries.
Our Company is incorporated in Germany, with our cor-
porate headquarters situated in Munich. As of Septem-
ber 30, 2020, Siemens had around 293,000 employees.

As of September 30, 2020, Siemens has the following re-
portable segments: Digital Industries, Smart Infrastruc-
ture, Mobility and Siemens Healthineers, which together
form our “Industrial Businesses” and Siemens Financial
Services (SFS), which supports the activities of our indus-
trial businesses and also conducts its own business with
external customers. Furthermore, we report results for
Portfolio Companies, which comprises businesses that
are managed separately to improve their performance.
During fiscal 2020, the energy business, consisting of
the former reportable segment Gas and Power and the
approximately 67% stake held by Siemens in Siemens
Gamesa Renewable Energy, S.A. (SGRE) — also a former
reportable segment — was classified as held for disposal
and discontinued operations. Siemens transferred the
energy business into a new company, Siemens Energy AG,
and in September 2020 listed it on the stock market via a
spin-off. Siemens allocated 55.0% of its ownership inter-
est in Siemens Energy AG to its shareholders and a further
9.9% were transferred to Siemens Pension-Trust e.V. The
remaining 35.1% of shares in Siemens Energy AG are held
by Siemens and reported within Reconciliation to Consol-
idated Financial Statements as Siemens Energy Invest-
ment. For further information, see 7 notes 3 and4in 78.6

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Also part of

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 2

Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements is
Siemens Advanta, formerly Siemens loT Services, a stra-
tegic advisor and implementation partner in digital trans-
formation and industrial internet of things (IloT).

Our reportable segments and Portfolio Companies may
do business with each other, leading to corresponding
orders and revenue. Such orders and revenue are elimi-

nated on the Group level.

NON-FINANCIAL MATTERS

OF THE GROUP AND SIEMENS AG

Siemens has policies for environmental, employee and
social matters, for the respect of human rights, and anti-
corruption and bribery matters, among others. Our busi-
ness model is described in chapters 7 a.1 and 2 a.3 of this
Combined Management Report. Reportable information
that is necessary for an understanding of the develop-
ment, performance, position and the impact of our ac-
tivities on these matters is included in this Combined
Management Report, in particular in chapters 7 a.3
through a a.7. Forward-looking information, including risk
disclosures, is presented in chapter 2 a.s. Chapter 7 a.9
includes additional information that is required to be
reported in the Combined Management Report related to
the parent company Siemens AG. As supplementary infor-
mation, amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial
Statements and the Annual Financial Statements of
Siemens AG related to such non-financial matters, and ad-
ditional explanations thereto, are included in  B.6 NoTEs To
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, NOTES 17, 18, 22, 26 and 27,
and in the ” NoTEs To THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF
SIEMENS AG FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2020, NOTES
16, 17, 20, 21 and 2s. In order to inform the users of the finan-
cial reports in a focused manner, these disclosures are not
subject to a specific non-financial framework —in contrast to
the disclosures in our separate “Sustainability Information
2020” document, which are based on the standards devel-
oped by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).


--- Page 2 ---

Combined Management Report > A.2 Financial performance system

A.2

Financial performance system

A.2.1 Overview

The Siemens Financial Framework includes targets that

we aim to achieve over the cycle of the business activities.

A.2.2 Revenue growth

In the Siemens Financial Framework we aim to achieve a
revenue growth range of 4% to 5% per year on a compa-
rable basis. Our primary measure for managing and con-
trolling our revenue growth is comparable growth, be-
cause it shows the development in our business net of
currency translation effects, which arise from the exter-
nal environment outside of our control, and portfolio
effects, which involve business activities which are either

new to or no longer a part of the respective business.

Currency translation effects are the difference between
revenue for the current period calculated using the ex-
change rates of the current period and revenue for the
current period calculated using the exchange rates of
the comparison period. For calculating the percentage
change year-over-year, this absolute difference is divided
by revenue for the comparison period. A portfolio effect
arises in the case of an acquisition or a disposition and is
calculated as the change year-over-year in revenue result-
ing specifically from the transaction. For calculating the
percentage change, this absolute change is divided by
revenue for the comparison period. For orders, we apply
the same calculations for currency translation and port-

folio effects as described above.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 3

A.2.3 Profitability
and capital efficiency

Within the Siemens Financial Framework, we aim to
achieve margins that are comparable to those of our rel-
evant competitors. Therefore, we have defined profit
margin ranges for our industrial businesses which are
based on the profit margins of their respective relevant
competitors. Profit margin is defined as profit of the re-
spective business divided by its revenue. For our industrial
businesses, profit represents EBITA adjusted for operating
financial income (expenses), net, and amortization of
intangible assets not acquired in business combinations
(Adjusted EBITA).

We have set the following margin ranges in our Siemens

Financial Framework:

Margin ranges

Margin range
Digital Industries 17-23%
Smart Infrastructure 10-15%
Mobility 9-12%
Siemens Healthineers 17-21%

Industrial Businesses 11-15%
Siemens Financial Services (ROE after tax) 17-22%

The margin range for Siemens Healthineers reflects our
expectation as a majority shareholder.


--- Page 3 ---

Combined Management Report > A.2 Financial performance system

In line with common practice in the financial services
business, our financial indicator for measuring capital
efficiency at Siemens Financial Services is return on
equity after tax, or ROE after tax. ROE is defined as
Siemens Financial Services’ profit after tax, divided by its

average allocated equity.

For purposes of managing and controlling profitability at
the Group level, we use net income as our primary mea-
sure. This measure is the main driver of basic earnings
per share (EPS) from net income, which we used in com-

munication to the capital markets in fiscal 2020.

We seek to work profitably and as efficiently as possible
with the capital provided by our shareholders and lend-
ers. For purposes of managing and controlling our capital
efficiency, we use return on capital employed, or ROCE,
as our primary measure in our Siemens Financial Frame-
work. Our long-term goal is to achieve ROCE within a
range of 15% to 20%.

A.2.4 Capital structure

Sustainable revenue and profit development is supported
by a healthy capital structure. Accordingly, a key consid-
eration within the Siemens Financial Framework is to
maintain ready access to the capital markets through
various debt products and preserve our ability to repay
and service our debt obligations over time. Our primary
measure for managing and controlling our capital struc-
ture is the ratio of Industrial net debt to EBITDA (continu-
ing operations). This financial measure indicates the ap-
proximate amount of time in years that would be needed
to cover Industrial net debt through income from con-
tinuing operations, without taking into account interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization. We aim to achieve
a ratio of up to 1.0.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 4

A.2.5 Liquidity and dividend

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to
our shareholders. Under the Siemens Financial Frame-
work, our intention is to propose a dividend whose distri-
bution volume is within a dividend payout range of 40%
to 60% of Net income attributable to shareholders of
Siemens AG, which we may adjust for this purpose to
exclude selected exceptional non-cash effects. As in the
past, we intend to fund the dividend payout from Free
cash flow. To provide an assessment of our ability to gen-
erate cash, and ultimately to pay dividends, we use the
cash conversion rate of Industrial Businesses, defined as
the ratio of Free cash flow from Industrial Businesses to
Adjusted EBITA Industrial Businesses. Because growth re-
quires investments, we aim to achieve a cash conversion
rate of 1 minus the annual comparable revenue growth

rate of Industrial Businesses.

At the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, the Managing
Board, in agreement with the Supervisory Board, will
submit the following proposal to allocate the unappro-
priated net income of Siemens AG for fiscal 2020: to
distribute a dividend of €3.50 on each share of no par
value entitled to the dividend for fiscal 2020 existing at
the date of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting; the re-
maining amountis to be carried forward. The dividend of
€3.50 consists of €3.00 at the upper end of our targeted
dividend payout ratio, supplemented by an additional
€0.50. Payment of the proposed dividend is contingent
upon approval by Siemens shareholders at the Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting on February 3, 2021. The prior-
year dividend was €3.90 per share.

The proposed dividend of €3.50 per share for fiscal
2020 represents a total payout of €2.8 billion based on
the estimated number of shares entitled to dividend at
the date of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Based on
Net income attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG
of €4.0 billion for fiscal 2020, the dividend payout

percentage is 70%.


--- Page 4 ---

Combined Management Report > A.2 Financial performance system

A.2.6 Calculation of return

on capital employed

Calculation of ROCE

For purposes of calculating ROCE in interim periods, in-
come before interest after tax is annualized. Average
capital employed is determined using the average of the
respective balances as of the quarterly reporting dates for
the periods under review.

Fiscal year
(in millions of € 2020 2019 Calculation of capital employed
Net income 4,200 5,648
A - Total equit
Less: Other interest expenses/income, net? (691) (562) quity
7 " Plus: Long-term debt
Plus: SFS Other interest expenses/income 806 763
7 Plus: Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt
Plus: Net interest expenses related
to provisions for pensions and similar Less: Cash and cash equivalents
obligations 66 108 Less: Current interest-bearing debt securities
Less: Interest adjustments Plus: Provisions for pensions and similar obligations
(discontinued operations) 100 73 : p 9
Less: Taxes on interest adjustments Less: SFS debt
(tax rate (flat) 30%) (84) (115) Less: Fair value hedge accounting adjustment
(I) Income before interest after tax 4,397 5,916 Plus: Adjustments from assets classified as held for disposal and liabilities
associated with assets classified as held for disposal
(il) Average capital employed 56,190 53,459 Less: Adjustment for deferred taxes on net accumulated actuarial gains/losses
(D/C) ROCE 7.8% 11.1% on provisions for pensions and similar obligations

1 Item Other interest expenseslincome, net primarily consists of interest

relating to corporate debt, and related hedging activities, as well as

interest income on corporate assets.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 5

Capital employed (continuing and discontinued operations)



--- Page 5 ---

Combined Management Report -> A.3 Segment information

A.3

Segment information

A.3.1 Overall economic conditions

The macroeconomic development in fiscal 2020 was
dominated by the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) and
subsequent recession, which was the deepest since the
Second World War. Global gross domestic product (GDP)
is expected to contract by 4.5% in calendar 2020, after it
grew by 2.6% in calendar 2019.

Global economic activity was already decelerating in the
first quarter of fiscal 2020 as the trade conflict between
the U.S. and China increasingly took its toll. Shortly after
economic sentiment indicators improved in response to
calming of the conflict (due to the “phase one deal”), the
novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) emerged and started to
spread globally. Voluntary and mandated social distanc-
ing measures to contain the outbreak massively restricted
economic activity, first in China, then in other Asian
countries, the Middle East and Europe, and finally in the
Americas and Africa. Sectors with high intensity of per-
sonal contact had to substantially curtail or stop their
operations. Many other industries were directly affected
by supply chain problems or indirectly by insufficient
demand and also stopped production.

Globally, governments and central banks responded with
unprecedented fiscal and monetary policy measures,
first, to ensure short-term liquidity of firms and house-
holds, later to stimulate their economies after the deep
slump. According to the International Monetary Fund
(IMF), these measures resulted in fiscal policy responses
totaling US$12 trillion and balance sheet expansion of
nearly US$7.5 trillion on the part of central banks in the
G10. As a result, and after initial lockdown measures
were lifted while the virus outbreak slowed, the global
economy experienced a strong rebound in the sum-
mer months of 2020. But a full recovery could not be
achieved, due to renewed virus outbreaks and restric-
tions on contact-intensive industries ("90% economy”).
The only notable exception was the Chinese economy
where the recovery has been much faster than expected

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 6

and positive GDP growth (+1.9%) is expected for calendar
2020. All other major economies are expected to record
reductions in GDP in calendar 2020: European Union (EU)
(7.7) %, U.S. (3.5)%, Japan (5.6)%, India (10.8)%. For
advanced countries in aggregate, calendar 2020 GDP is
expected to decline by 5.5%. For emerging countries, the
decline in 2020 GDP is estimated at 3.1%.

The partly estimated figures presented here for GDP are
based on an IHS Markit report dated October 15, 2020.

These economic developments also influenced Siemens’
business performance in fiscal 2020, in particularly with
regard to effects related to COVID-19. These effects varied
between Siemens’ businesses, customer markets and
geographic regions. While some of our key customer in-
dustries such as automotive and machine building were
heavily impacted by the steep drop in global GDP begin-
ning in the second calendar quarter of 2020, other cus-
tomer industries, such as semiconductors, electronics
and data centers, accelerated in order to serve rapid
global growth in online activity for work, leisure and
retail consumption. While the pandemic significantly
slowed our sales and service activities because of re-
stricted access to customer sites, this also resulted in cost
reductions such as lower travel and marketing expenses.
Furthermore, we were able to keep our production
largely stable due to the use of our own technology in
our factories and our diversified value chain. On a geo-
graphic basis, China was both the first country signifi-
cantly affected by COVID-19 and the first major national
economy to see a return to growth, which occurred to-
wards the end of our fiscal year. In contrast, large parts of
Europe and the Americas continue to be strongly im-
pacted by COVID-19, following temporary relief during
the summer months from the pandemic’s first waves in
the spring. All these market dynamics noticeably affected
volume and income of Siemens’ businesses in fiscal 2020

as described below.


--- Page 6 ---

Combined Management Report -> A.3 Segment information

A.3.2 Digital Industries

Digital Industries offers a comprehensive product port-
folio and system solutions for automation used in dis-
crete and process industries; these offerings include
automation systems and software for factories, numeri-
cal control systems, motors, drives and inverters and
integrated automation systems for machine tools and
production machines. Digital Industries also provides
process control systems, machine-to-machine commu-
nication products, sensors (for measuring pressure, tem-
perature, level, flow rate, distance or shape) and radio
frequency identification systems. Furthermore, Digital
Industries offers production and product lifecycle man-
agement software, and software for simulation and
testing of mechatronic systems. These leading software
offerings are integrated with the electronic design auto-
mation (EDA) software portfolio of Mentor Graphics
(Mentor) and the open, cloud-based industrial internet of
things (IloT) operating system MindSphere, which con-
nects machines and physical infrastructure to the digital
world. These offerings are complemented by Mendix’
cloud-native low-code application development plat-
form, which allows customers to significantly reduce app
development times through visual representation of un-
derlying code. Digital Industries also provides customers
with lifecycle and data-driven services. Taken together,
Digital Industries’ offerings enable customers to optimize
entire value chains from product design and develop-
ment through production and post-sale services. With its
advanced software solutions in particular, Digital Indus-
tries supports customers in the discrete manufacturing,
hybrid and process industries in their evolution towards
the “Digital Enterprise,” resulting in increased flexibility
and efficiency of production processes and reduced time
to market for new products. The most important markets
include the automotive industry, the machine building
industry, the pharmaceutical and chemicals industry, the
food and beverage industry and the electronics and semi-
conductor industry. Digital Industries serves its custom-
ers through a common regional sales organization
spanning all its businesses, using various sales chan-
nels depending on the type of customer and industry.
Changes in customer demand, especially for standard
products, are driven strongly by macroeconomic cycles,
and can lead to significant short-term fluctuation in

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 7

Digital Industries’ profitability. Volume from large con-
tracts in the software business, particularly for Mentor,
may also result in strong fluctuations in quarterly volume
and profitability. Competition for Digital Industries’ busi-
ness activities comes primarily from multinational corpo-
rations that offer a relatively broad portfolio and from
smaller companies active only in certain geographic or
product markets.

Digital Industries sees three trends influencing its busi-
ness and providing long-term growth opportunities. Pro-
ducers of investment goods in today’s increasingly digital
environment must modernize their production capacity,
particularly to increase production flexibility and reduce
time to market. This environment also spurs producers to
complement their core products with vertical solutions
and service offerings, which their customers either need
or want in order to take full advantage of the investment
goods. Finally, there is a trend from globalization to re-
gionalization, to support local economic development or
to better adapt solutions to local needs.

Research &Development (R&D) activities at Digital
Industries are aimed at integrating technologies such as
artificial intelligence (Al), edge computing, cloud tech-
nologies, additive manufacturing and industrial 5G wire-
less technology into Digital Industries’ extensive portfolio
for industrial automation and digitalization. Beyond its
own R&D activities, Digital Industries collaborates closely
with partners and customers. An example is PlantSight,
jointly developed by Digital Industries and Bentley Sys-
tems, Inc. (Bentley), which utilizes real-time analytics and
Al to generate new insights and enable real-time collab-
oration between engineering, operations and mainte-
nance functions. With its new NX Sketch software tool for
computer-aided design (CAD), Digital Industries has ad-
vanced CAD sketching by using Al to infer relationships
on the fly so that users can move away from a paper hand
sketch and truly create conceptual designs in the NX en-
vironment. In the field of Al-based services, Digital Indus-
tries launched “Predictive Services for Foundry,” which
enables users to increase overall plant efficiency in the
automotive sector. In fiscal 2020, Digital Industries also
launched “Siemens Industrial Edge,” which brings edge
computing and intelligent analytics to manufacturing
automation devices and introduced new software as


--- Page 7 ---

Combined Management Report -> A.3 Segment information

a service (SaaS) offerings such as Teamcenter X, Team-
center Share or Simcenter on the Cloud that do not re-
quire the IT investments typically needed for on-premise
deployments. In addition to this, Digital Industries
launched the SIMATIC 1OT2050 gateway, which links
cloud computing with in-company IT and production.
Digital Industries further expanded its portfolio and part-
nerships for industrialized additive manufacturing. With
NX AM Path Optimizer, a new technology integrated in
NX software, Digital Industries demonstrated how to lo-
cally adapt and optimize the printing process during pro-
duction planning. Together with Qualcomm Technolo-
gies, Inc., Digital Industries implemented the first private
5G standalone network in a real-world industrial environ-
ment using the 3.7-3.8GHz band. By launching Xcelera-
tor, Digital Industries is now offering an integrated port-
folio of software, services and application development
capabilities that can be adapted to fit customer and in-
dustry-specific needs and thereby help companies of all
sizes become digital enterprises. Major investments of
Digital Industries in fiscal 2020 relate to its own factory
automation, motion control and process automation
businesses, to further automate and digitalize these
facilities particularly in Germany, China and the Czech

Republic.
Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2020 2019 Actual Comp.
Orders 15,896 15,944 0% 0%
Revenue 14,997 16,087 (7)% (6)%
therein: software business 4,144 4,039 3% 2%
Adjusted EBITA 3,252 2,880 13%
Adjusted EBITA margin 21.7% 17.9%

Global markets for Digital Industries’ businesses showed
a mix of influences from customer industry shifts and
factors related to COVID-19. While the software business
achieved significant order growth, including a number
of large contract wins, most notably in its EDA software
business, orders in the automation businesses declined
due to lower demand from some of their most import-
ant customer segments, particularly the automotive and
the machine building industries. This latter development
was a significant factor in lower orders for the region
comprising Europe, Commonwealth of Independent
States (C.I.S.), Africa, Middle East, including a double-

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 8

digit decrease in Germany. In contrast, orders rose in the
Americas and Asia, Australia regions, including signifi-
cant growth in the U.S. and China. Revenue was similarly
affected by declines in the automation businesses, par-
ticularly in the short-cycle motion control and factory
automation businesses. The software business achieved
moderate revenue growth. On a geographic basis, the
region Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East posted a sig-
nificant revenue decline while Asia, Australia and the
Americas delivered revenue close to the prior-year levels.
Adjusted EBITA rose due mainly to a €767 million posi-
tive effect related to Digital Industries’ stake in Bentley
Systems, Inc. (Bentley), which was mostly from revalua-
tion following that company’s public listing in Septem-
ber 2020 and included €48 million in dividend payments
for the full year. Adjusted EBITA rose substantially in the
software business. A year earlier, the software business
benefited from a €50 million gain from the sale of an
equity investment. Adjusted EBITA and profitability de-
creased in the automation businesses, due largely to
revenue declines associated with COVID-19; this develop-
ment was only partially offset by cost savings from pan-
demic restrictions such as lower travel and marketing
expenses. Severance charges, primarily related to cost
structure improvements, were €210 million in fiscal 2020,
up from severance charges of €92 million a year earlier.
Digital Industries’ order backlog was €5 billion at the end
of the fiscal year, of which €4 billion are expected to be
converted into revenue in fiscal 2021.

Digital Industries achieved its results in a market environ-
ment which, beginning with the second quarter of fis-
cal 2020, was strongly impacted by effects related to
COVID-19, resulting in considerably lower demand for
investment goods. The magnitude and duration of pan-
demic impacts varied across regions and market seg-
ments. Market volume in fiscal 2020 declined clearly in
the region comprising Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East
and to a lesser extent in the Americas. In contrast, market
volume in Asia, Australia slightly grew year-over-year.
Within that region, China, which was hit first by the
pandemic, was among the first countries that saw a re-
covery towards the end of the fiscal year. Within the most
important industries served by Digital Industries, the
automotive industry, which already was in a downturn
a year earlier, severely cut production in response to the


--- Page 8 ---

Combined Management Report -> A.3 Segment information

pandemic while continuing to address historic techno-
logical changes driven by CO emission reduction. The
production cuts in the automotive industry were also a
main factor for a massive decline in demand in the ma-
chine building industry. The food and beverage markets
declined moderately due to weak demand for beverages.
The chemicals and pharmaceuticals industry was less
impacted by the pandemic, due mainly to stable produc-
tion levels in the pharmaceuticals industry. The global
electronics and semiconductor markets kept growing
during fiscal 2020. While the forecast for fiscal 2021 indi-
cates a slight recovery of the markets served by Digital
Industries, including moderate expansion in manufactur-
ing investments, pre-pandemic market volume is not

expected to be reached in the next fiscal year.

In October 2020, the stake in Bentley was transferred to
Corporate items, reported within the Reconciliation to
Consolidated Financial Statements. In November 2020,
to further strengthen Siemens’ pension assets and safe-
guards the post-employment benefits of employees,
Siemens transferred the stake in Bentley from Corporate
items to Siemens Pension-Trust e.V.

A.3.3 Smart Infrastructure

Smart Infrastructure supplies and intelligently connects
energy systems and building technologies, to signifi-
cantly improve efficiency and sustainability of public and
private infrastructures, while supporting its customers in
addressing major technology shifts. Smart Infrastructure
delivers these benefits with a range of products and sys-
tems for intelligent grid control, low- and medium volt-
age electrification and control products, building auto-
mation, fire safety and security and energy efficiency in
buildings. At the grid edge — the interface between en-
ergy grids and buildings and energy consumers — Smart
Infrastructure serves high-growth markets in distributed
energy systems, electric vehicle infrastructure, microg-
rids and energy trading. Beginning with fiscal 2020, the
distribution transformer business was transferred to the
former segment Gas and Power. Smart Infrastructure
serves its customers through a broad range of channels,
including its global product and systems sales organi-
zation, distributors, panel builders, original equipment

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 9

manufacturers (OEM) and value added resellers and in-
stallers, all complemented by direct sales through the
branch offices of its regional solutions and services units
worldwide. Smart Infrastructure’s customer base is di-
verse. It encompasses infrastructure developers, con-
struction companies and contractors; owners, operators
and tenants of both public and commercial buildings in-
cluding hospitals, campuses, airports and data centers;
utilities and power distribution network operators; com-
panies in heavy industries such as oil and gas, mining and
chemicals; and companies in discrete manufacturing in-
dustries such as automotive and machine building. Smart
Infrastructure’s principal competitors consist mainly of
large multinational companies and smaller manufactur-
ers in emerging countries. Its solutions and services busi-
ness also competes with local players such as system
integrators and facility management firms. Smart Infra-
structure’s businesses are impacted by changes in the
overall economic environment to varying degrees, de-
pending on customer segment. While customer demand
in discrete manufacturing industries changes quickly
and strongly with macroeconomic cycles, it reacts more
slowly in infrastructure, construction, heavy industries
and the utilities sector. Particularly in its solutions and
service business, Smart Infrastructure is affected by
changes in the non-residential building construction
markets with a time lag of two to four quarters. Overall,
Smart Infrastructure has developed a balanced and resil-
ient business mix with its diversified regional and vertical
markets; its range of products, systems, solutions and
services; and its participation in both long- and short-
cycle markets.

The markets served are experiencing shifts that present
opportunities where building technologies and electri-
fication meet. Key trends include climate change, rising
population and urbanization which increase the need for
safe, secure and sustainable environments that provide
interactive, comfortable spaces and affordable costs for
energy, operation and maintenance. These trends lead to
cross-sector coupling of previously separate technolo-
gies, such as electrification of heat and transportation to
optimize energy efficiency. Decarbonization is changing
the energy generation mix towards renewable energy
sources, which fluctuate with time of day and weather
conditions. As a result, the energy system is becoming


--- Page 9 ---

Combined Management Report -> A.3 Segment information

increasingly decentralized, more strongly influenced
by prosumers, and more dependent on integration of
intermittent/distributed energy sources including wind,
photovoltaic and biomass. Both smarter buildings and
the integration of more distributed energy sources into
conventional power networks result in increasing tech-
nological and management complexity, including rising
volumes of data, bi-directional energy and information
flows. These can be reliably managed only through
digitalization of buildings, transportation and energy
systems.

Smart Infrastructure’s R&D activities focus on the one
hand on addressing the trends of decentralization, decar-
bonization and digitalization of energy markets. On the
other hand, R&D expenses strengthen Smart Infrastruc-
ture’s capabilities to create comfortable, safe and energy-
efficient buildings and infrastructures that support in-
creased efficiency of occupants, equipment and the use
of building space. Smart Infrastructure is expanding its
digital offerings in its existing businesses while integrat-
ing recent acquisitions in such critical areas as power
control systems, power electronics and building loT. Fur-
thermore, it develops technologies for environmentally
friendly and increasingly renewable energy systems,
ranging from photovoltaic inverter technology to battery
storage and charging solutions for e-mobility. In this re-
gard, data from field devices is the basis to intelligently
deliver grid flexibility and continuously match energy
supply and demand while protecting grid assets. For elec-
trical distribution systems and industrial plants, Smart
Infrastructure continuously drives digitalization of its
switching and control products with built-in intelligence,
connectivity to the cloud, and increasingly remote diag-
nostics and edge computing capability. Its digital twins
of products, building systems or grids deliver customer
value with online configuration tools, maintenance and
service management. Smart Infrastructure also develops
data-driven applications and digital services. To a large
extent, its capital expenditures relate to the products
businesses. Main investment areas are replacement of
fixed assets and further digitalization of factories and
technical equipment, with a strong focus on innovation.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 10

Fiscal year % Change

(in millions of €) 2020 2019 Actual Comp
Orders 14,734 15,590 (5)% (5)%
Revenue 14,323 14,597 (2)% (2)%

therein: products

business 5,224 5,515 (5)% (5)%
Adjusted EBITA 1,302 1,465 (11)%
Adjusted EBITA
margin 9.1% 10.0%

The decline in orders at Smart Infrastructure primarily
involves the solutions and services business, which took
in a sharply higher volume from large orders a year
earlier. Orders in the products business decreased only
moderately year-over-year, despite an adverse market
environment for the short-cycle activities at the be-
ginning of fiscal 2020 that rapidly became significantly
worse due to COVID-19. The systems and software busi-
ness was able to keep orders close to the prior-year level.
Weakness in short-cycle markets also strongly impacted
revenue development in the products business. Revenue
for the solutions and services business and for the sys-
tems and software business remained close to the prior-
year levels. On a geographic basis, the decline in orders
and revenue was due to the regions Europe, C.1.S., Africa,
Middle East and Asia, Australia, while volume in the
Americas remained largely stable. Adjusted EBITA de-
clined across the businesses and was impacted by sever-
ance charges of €195 million associated with the execu-
tion of Smart Infrastructure’s competitiveness program,
up from severance charges of €46 million a year earlier.
Impacts on Adjusted EBITA and profitability related to
COVID-19 were partly offset by expense reductions result-
ing from pandemic restrictions. Adjusted EBITA in fiscal
2020 benefited from a €159 million gain from the sale of
a business while the prior fiscal year included negative
effects related to grid control projects. Smart Infrastruc-
ture’s order backlog was €10 billion at the end of the fis-
cal year, of which €7 billion are expected to be converted
into revenue in fiscal 2021.

Demand in the markets served by Smart Infrastructure
declined moderately in fiscal 2020 due primarily to ef-
fects related to COVID-19, which impacted most key cus-
tomer industries and all reporting regions. The strongest
declines in market volume came from the automotive, oil


--- Page 10 ---

Combined Management Report -> A.3 Segment information

and gas and machine-building industries. In the chemi-
cals industry, demand declined moderately. Grid markets
remained relatively stable, as utilities continued to prior-
itize investment in making legacy networks more auto-
mated, intelligent, flexible and reliable. Despite a moder-
ate decline in demand in the construction market overall,
the important segment of that market for Smart Infra-
structure — energy performance services — continued to
grow, benefiting from persistent demand for energy effi-
ciency and digital services. The data center market grew
clearly, supported by higher demand for remote working
and cloud services. On a geographic basis, European
markets were most strongly impacted by effects related
to COVID-19, followed by the markets in the Asia, Austra-
lia region, while impacts on the U.S. markets were less
severe. In fiscal 2021, utilities markets are expected to
grow moderately and industry markets are forecast to
recover slightly. However, market development overall
is expected to be impacted by lower demand from the
building construction sector, leading to an overall slight
decline in volume of markets served by Smart Infrastruc-
ture year-over-year. On a geographic basis, markets in
Asia, Australia are expected to return to their growth path
with some of the region’s countries already reaching
pre-pandemic market volume. Markets in Europe overall
are expected to remain on the reduced level and within
the Americas, market volume in the U.S. is forecast to
decline in fiscal 2021.

A.3.4 Mobility

Mobility combines all Siemens businesses in the area of
passenger and freight transportation, including rail vehi-
cles, rail automation systems, rail electrification systems,
road traffic technology, digital solutions and related ser-
vices. It also provides its customers with consulting, plan-
ning, financing, construction, service and operation of
turnkey mobility systems. Moreover, Mobility offers inte-
grated mobility solutions for networking of different
types of traffic systems. It sells its products, systems and
solutions through its worldwide network of sales units.
The principal customers of Mobility are public and state-
owned companies in the transportation and logistics sec-
tors, so its markets are driven primarily by public spend-
ing. Customers usually have multi-year planning and

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 11

implementation horizons, and their contract tenders
therefore tend to be independent of short-term eco-
nomic trends. Mobility’s principal competitors are multi-
national companies. Consolidation among Mobility’s
competitors is continuing: In May 2020, CRRC Zhuzhou
Locomotives Co., Ltd., China (CRRC) finalized the acqui-
sition of Vossloh Locomotives GmbH, Germany to gain a
foothold in Europe, in line with CRRC’s ambitious growth
and internationalization strategy. In September 2020,
Alstom SA of France (Alstom) signed the sale and pur-
chase agreement for the acquisition of Bombardier Trans-
portation. Already in July 2020, the European Commis-
sion decided to grant conditional clearance of the
proposed acquisition. The closing of the transaction is
expected for the first quarter of calendar 2021, subject to
regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.
While CRRC retains its place as the largest rolling stock
manufacturer in the world in terms of revenue, the
planned acquisition of Bombardier Transportation by
Alstom will create the second-largest rolling stock manu-
facturer worldwide. Market consolidation may lead to in-
creased competitive pressure within the rail supply indus-
try and also to fewer sourcing options for rail customers.

The main trends driving Mobility’s markets are urbaniza-
tion and the need to reduce emissions. Increasing popu-
lations in urban centers need daily mobility that is sim-
pler, faster, and more flexible, reliable and affordable. At
the same time, cities and national economies face the
challenge of cutting CO2 and noise emissions and reduc-
ing space requirements and costs of transportation. The
pressure on mobility providers to meet all these needs is
expected to rise continuously.

Mobility’s R&D strategy is focused on making trains and
infrastructures more intelligent, thereby increasing its
customers’ return on investment, improving passenger
experience, and guaranteeing availability. Decarboniza-
tion and seamlessly connected (e-)mobility are key fac-
tors for the future of transportation. Mobility’s major
R&D areas include the development of efficient vehicle
platforms with optimized lifecycle cost and maximum
customization flexibility; eco-friendly, alternative power
supplies for trains (batteries, fuel cells, dual mode) and
trucks (eHighway); digital services for railways via its
Railigent application suite; “signaling in the cloud,” a


--- Page 11 ---

Combined Management Report -> A.3 Segment information

new system architecture for rail infrastructure and loT/
cloud-based concepts; solutions for more automated
and autonomous driving for rail and road; and digital
technologies and loT solutions including cyber security,
connectivity, simulation and digital twin, data analytics
and Al, additive manufacturing or intermodal apps and
platforms and connected e-mobility. Mobility’s invest-
ments focus mainly on maintaining or enhancing its pro-
duction facilities for example in its Sacramento facility in
the U.S. or its new site in Goole in the U.K., on meeting
project demands and enhancing its depot services.

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2020 2019 Actual Comp.
Orders 9,169 12,894  (29)%  — (29)%
Revenue 9,052 8,916 2% 2%
Adjusted EBITA 822 983 (16)%
Adjusted EBITA margin 9.1% 11.0%

Although Mobility won a number of important orders in
fiscal 2020, orders overall still declined compared to the
prior year, which included a sharply higher volume from
large orders. Those important orders in fiscal 2020 in-
cluded a €1.1 billion contract for high-speed trains; orders
for the commuter rail platform Mireo, such as a first order
for battery-powered trains including a long-term service
agreement; a first order of 100 dual-power locomotives
out of a framework agreement comprising up to 400 ve-
hicles, all in Germany; and an order for signaling infra-
structure in Singapore. Revenue rose on clear growth in
the rolling stock business, which executed strongly on its
large order backlog, and in the customer services busi-
ness. These increases were partly offset by lower revenue
in the rail infrastructure business. Volume development
in the rail infrastructure and the customer services busi-
nesses was impacted by effects related to COVID-19, in-
cluding restricted access to customer sites and lower
operating mileage on public transport. On a geographic
basis, revenue rose in Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East,
due particularly to a significant growth contribution from
Germany, and in the Americas. This growth was partly
offset by a double-digit decline in revenue in Asia, Aus-
tralia. Adjusted EBITA and profitability declined due toa
less favorable revenue mix year-over-year, including a
lower share from the higher-margin rail infrastructure
business and expenses related to COVID-19 for internal

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 12

measures to safeguard employee health in manufactur-
ing facilities. Severance charges were €20 million in both
fiscal years under review. Mobility’s order backlog was
€32 billion at the end of the fiscal year, of which €8 billion
are expected to be converted into revenue in fiscal 2021.

While the long-term demand for efficient and environ-
mentally friendly public transport continues to be a
growth driver for the markets served by Mobility, order
development in fiscal 2020 partly reflected the postpone-
ment of large rail and infrastructure projects due to
COVID-19, which led to a temporary decline in market
volume, particularly in Europe. Despite these postpone-
ments, market development in Europe continued to be
characterized by awards of mid-size to large orders, par-
ticularly in Germany, France and in the U.K. Demand in
the Middle East and Africa was held back by ongoing
uncertainties related to budget constraints and political
climates. In the Americas region, investment activities
were driven by demand for urban and mainline trans-
port, especially in the U.S. and Canada. Within the Asia,
Australia region, Chinese markets saw ongoing invest-
ments in high-speed trains, urban transport, freight
logistics and rail infrastructure, while India continues to
invest in modernizing the country’s transportation infra-
structure. We expect these main regional investment
trends to continue in fiscal 2021. Furthermore, we expect
market volume in fiscal 2021 to exceed the pre-pandemic
level due in part to fiscal stimulus that benefits rail and
public transport operators across various countries. Over-
all, rail transport and intermodal mobility solutions are
expected to remain a focus as urbanization continues to
progress around the world. In emerging countries, rising
incomes are expected to result in greater demand for
public transport solutions.


--- Page 12 ---

Combined Management Report -> A.3 Segment information

A.3.5 Siemens Healthineers

Siemens as majority shareholder holds about 79% of the
shares of the publicly listed Siemens Healthineers AG,
Germany (Siemens Healthineers). Siemens Healthineers
is a global provider of healthcare solutions and services.
It develops, manufactures, and sells a diverse range of
innovative imaging, diagnostic and advanced therapies
products and services to healthcare providers. In addi-
tion, it also provides clinical consulting services, comple-
mented by an extensive range of training and service
offerings. This comprehensive portfolio supports cus-
tomers all along the care continuum, from prevention
and early detection to diagnosis, treatment, and follow-
up care. The customer spectrum ranges from public and
private healthcare providers, including hospitals and hos-
pital systems, public and private clinics and laboratories,
universities, physicians/physician groups, public health
agencies, state-run and private health insurers, to phar-
maceutical companies and clinical research institutes. In
its imaging business, the most important products are
equipment for magnetic resonance, computed tomogra-
phy, X-ray systems, molecular imaging, and ultrasound.
Its diagnostics business offers in-vitro diagnostic prod-
ucts and services to healthcare providers in laboratory,
molecular and point-of-care diagnostics. The products in
its advanced therapies business facilitate image-guided
minimally invasive treatments, in areas such as cardiol-
ogy, interventional radiology, surgery and radiation on-
cology. In October 2019, Siemens Healthineers acquired
Corindus Vascular Robotics, Inc., USA, (Corindus) for
US$1.1 billion (€1.0 billion) in cash. Corindus develops and
provides a robotic-assisted platform for endo-vascular
coronary and peripheral vascular interventions and was
integrated in the advanced therapies business. In Sep-
tember 2020, Siemens Healthineers AG placed 75 million
new shares to institutional investors. Siemens did not
participate in the placement, thus, Siemens’ stake in
Siemens Healthineers decreased from 85% to 79%. Com-
petition in the imaging and advanced therapies busi-
nesses consists mainly of a small number of large multi-
national companies, while the diagnostics market is
fragmented with a variety of global players that compete
with each other across market segments and also with
several regional players and specialized companies in
niche technologies. The business activities of Siemens

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 13

Healthineers are to a certain extent resilient to short-
term economic trends because large portions of its reve-
nue stem from recurring business. They are, however,
directly and indirectly dependent on trends in healthcare
markets and on developments in health policy, and geo-

political developments around the world.

The addressable markets of Siemens Healthineers are
shaped by four major trends. The first is demographic, in
particular the growing and aging global population. This
trend poses major challenges for global healthcare sys-
tems and, at the same time, offers opportunities as the
demand for cost-efficient healthcare solutions continues
to intensify. The second trend is economic development
in emerging countries, which opens up improved access
to healthcare for many people. As the middle class con-
tinues to grow, significant investment in the expansion
of private and public healthcare systems will persist, driv-
ing overall demand for healthcare products and services
and hence market growth. The third trend is the increase
in chronic diseases as a consequence of an aging popula-
tion and environmental and lifestyle-related changes.
This development creates additional pressure on health
systems and leads to increased costs to address it. The
fourth global trend, the transformation of healthcare pro-
viders, results from a combination of societal and market
forces that are driving healthcare providers to operate
and organize their businesses differently. Increasing cost
pressure on the healthcare sector is prompting the intro-
duction of new remuneration models for healthcare ser-
vices, such as value-based rather than treatment-based
reimbursement. Digitalization and artificial intelligence
are likely to be key enablers for healthcare providers as
they increasingly focus on enhancing the overall patient
experience, with better outcomes and overall reduction
in cost of care. This development is driven partly by soci-
ety’s increasing resistance to healthcare costs, payers’
increasing professionalization, burdens from chronic dis-
ease and rapid scientific progress. As a result, healthcare
providers are consolidating into networked structures,
resulting in larger clinic and laboratory chains, often op-
erating internationally, which act increasingly like large
corporations. Applying this industrial logic to the health-
care market can lead to systematic improvements in qual-
ity, while at the same time reducing costs. Driven by the
need of healthcare systems worldwide to deliver better


--- Page 13 ---

Combined Management Report -> A.3 Segment information

outcomes at lower costs, regulatory schemes around the
world increasingly seek to introduce new remuneration
models for healthcare services, leading to a shift of
healthcare reimbursement systems away from a pay-per-
procedure model towards an outcome-based model.
Most developed countries are currently considering reg-
ulatory changes within their healthcare systems.

R&D activities at Siemens Healthineers are ultimately
geared towards delivering innovative, sustainable solu-
tions to its customers while safeguarding and improving
its competitiveness. Particularly in the field of artificial
intelligence, it has further expanded its activities and has
more than 65 products and applications on the market
that further improve its customers’ productivity, while
enabling clinical decisions to be more precise and tai-
lored to the individual patient. Artificial intelligence-
based technology will, starting in fiscal 2021, also be
used in sample handling and classification in its Atellica
Solution laboratory system. Furthermore, Siemens
Healthineers is continuously expanding its portfolio of
digital services to support customers in their transition to
value-based care. The teamplay digital health platform
brings together data, applications and services to make
better decisions for patients in an efficient way. In addi-
tion to continually updating its portfolio, Siemens
Healthineers also improves existing products and solu-
tions. Siemens Healthineers focuses its investments
mainly on enhancing competitiveness and innovation.
The main capital expenditures were for spending for fac-
tories to expand manufacturing and technical capabili-
ties, in particular in China and the U.S., and for additions
to intangible assets, including capitalized development
expenses within the Atellica Solution and Blood Gas

product lines.

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2020 2019 Actual Comp.
Orders 16,163 15,853 2% 3%
Revenue 14,460 = 14,517 0% 0%
Adjusted EBITA 2,184 2,461 (11)%
Adjusted EBITA margin 15.1% 17.0%

In fiscal 2020, orders grew slightly on increases in the
diagnostics and imaging business, partly offset by a de-
cline in the advanced therapies business. On a regional

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 14

basis, orders were up in the Americas and in Europe,
C.1.S., Africa, Middle East, while order intake in the Asia,
Australia region was near the prior-year level. For reve-
nue, slight increases in the imaging and advanced thera-
pies businesses were offset by a moderate decline in
the diagnostics business. On a regional basis, moderate
growth in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East was offset
by slight decreases in the Americas and Asia, Australia.
Adjusted EBITA was down year-over-year, mainly due
to the diagnostics business where COVID-19 led to lower
volume from testing for routine care and higher costs,
and where costs rose also related to Atellica Solution.
Adjusted EBITA was down slightly in the advanced thera-
pies business. In contrast, the imaging business again
posted strong results, which were higher than in the prior
year. Severance charges were €65 million in fiscal 2020
and €57 million in fiscal 2019. The order backlog for
Siemens Healthineers was €18 billion at the end of the
fiscal year, of which €6 billion are expected to be con-
verted into revenue in fiscal 2021.

In fiscal 2020, the markets of Siemens Healthineers were
impacted by COVID-19. Overall, the long-term market
trends remained intact, however the pandemic rein-
forced some of them. For example, the already increasing
cost pressure for health systems and customers rose to
unprecedented levels. For the markets addressed by the
imaging business, Siemens Healthineers saw a slight
market decrease. Significant market declines in major
modalities such as magnetic resonance systems were
balanced out by an increased interest in equipment and
solutions used to diagnose and treat COVID-19, leading to
moderate to significant growth of these markets.
Siemens Healthineers expects that a recovery will not be
achieved before the end of fiscal 2021. For the diagnos-
tics business, markets increased for point-of-care tests to
monitor patients and lab tests to detect SARS-CoV-2 and
identify antibodies, while at the same time the demand
for certain diagnostic reagents, particularly tests for
routine care, was reduced as patient volume decreased.
The development of the diagnostics market depends on
a number of factors related to COVID-19, including de-
velopment of a vaccine, additional waves of infection,
and potential pent-up demand for routine testing. SARS-
CoV-2 tests are expected to drive a market growth surge
in fiscal 2021. The market for the advanced therapies


--- Page 14 ---

Combined Management Report -> A.3 Segment information

business was negatively affected, resulting in clear
market declines in fiscal 2020. Given that hospitals had
to free up capacities and resources for potential COVID-19
emergencies, the number of routine and elective proce-
dures severely decreased. It is expected to fully recover
only after the end of fiscal 2021. On a regional basis, pub-
lic investment programs in selected countries as well as
increased demand related to COVID-19 in several major
countries drove market growth for the imaging and
advanced therapies businesses in Europe, C.I.S., Africa,
Middle East. This counterbalanced negative effects due
to country lockdowns, resulting in clear to significant
overall market growth in fiscal 2020 in those markets.
Clear market growth for the diagnostics business in that
region was driven by test programs for SARS-CoV-2. For
the U.S. market, project postponements or cessation and
limited access to healthcare providers due to COVID-19
pandemic and related lockdowns resulted in significant
market declines across all imaging and advanced
therapies markets. The continued rise in COVID-19 cases
increased the U.S. diagnostics market growth on clear
levels, as demand for molecular and point-of-care
COVID-19 tests further increased. In China, the most
important market for Siemens Healthineers in the Asia,
Australia region, lockdowns and postponed or cancelled
elective procedures led to clear declines in the market for
the advanced therapies business. In contrast, public
investments in selected provinces with a high number of
COVID-19 cases drove significant market growth in the
imaging business. The growing private market segment
was more burdened by the COVID-19 crisis, leading to a
slower recovery and potential consolidation within that
segment. Although diagnostic tests were widely applied
to identify SARS-CoV-2, including large scale testing
of whole populations of certain regions, this additional
demand could not counterbalance the downturn of
routine testing, resulting in an overall significant
decrease in the diagnostics market.

The planned acquisition of Varian Medical Systems, Inc.,
U.S. (Varian), announced in August 2020, will add an
additional business within Siemens Healthineers. It ad-
dresses the field of cancer care and provides innovative

solutions in radiation oncology and related software.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 15

A.3.6 Siemens Financial Services

Siemens Financial Services (SFS) supports its custom-
ers’ investments with leasing solutions and equipment,
project and structured financing in the form of debt and
equity investments. Based on its comprehensive financ-
ing know-how and specialist technology expertise in the
areas of Siemens businesses, SFS provides financial solu-

tions for Siemens customers as well as other companies.

Fiscal year

(in millions of €) 2020 2019
Earnings before taxes (EBT) 345 632
ROE (after taxes) 11.7% 19.1%
Sep 30,

(in millions of €) 2020 2019
Total assets 28,946 29,901

Earnings before taxes decreased sharply compared to
fiscal 2019. From the beginning of calendar 2020, SFS
addressed continuing high uncertainty in its markets, in-
cluding effects related to COVID-19, resulting in a sharp
increase of credit risk provisions in the debt business
compared to fiscal 2019. Results in the equity business
came in significantly lower compared to fiscal 2019, the
main factor being a loss of €98 million from an impair-
ment of an equity investment in the U.S. The decrease in
total assets since the end of fiscal 2019 is due mainly to

negative currency translation effects.

Net cash from operations (defined as the sum of cash
flows from operating and investing activities) amounted
to €(284) million compared to €(782) million in fiscal
2019. In fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, net cash from opera-
tions comprised a Free cash flow of €611 million and
€621 million, respectively, and remaining cash flows from
investing activities, including from change in receivables
from financing activities, of €(895) million and €(1,403)

million, respectively.

SFS is particularly geared to Siemens’ industrial businesses
and its markets. As such, SFS is influenced by the busi-
ness development of the markets served by our industrial
businesses, among other factors. SFS will continue to
focus its business scope on areas of intense domain
know-how.


--- Page 15 ---

Combined Management Report -> A.3 Segment information

A.3.7 Portfolio Companies

Portfolio Companies comprise businesses which include
a broad range of customized and application-specific
products, software, solutions, systems and services for
different industries including oil and gas, marine, min-
ing, cement, water, fiber, wind, logistics and energy.
Unrealized potential within these businesses requires
adjustment in their approach using defined measures
including internal re-organization, digitalization, cost im-
provements, and optimizing procurement, production
and service activities. After achieving certain threshold
performance targets, businesses may be transferred to
one of Siemens industrial businesses, combined with an
external business from the same industry, spun off via
public listing, or placed into an external private equity
partnership.

Beginning with fiscal 2020, the equity investments
Ethos Energy Group Limited and Voith Hydro Holding
GmbH &Co. KG, the subsea business, and the majority of
the process solutions business were transferred to the
former Gas and Power segment and during the second
quarter of fiscal 2020 Siemens’ stake in Primetals Tech-

nologies Limited was sold.

After these changes Portfolio Companies included at the
end of fiscal 2020 mainly the following fully consolidated
units, which are managed separately: gear units and
couplings (Mechanical Drives) and generators for wind
turbines (Wind Energy Generation), which were com-
bined at the end of fiscal 2020 within the company
Flender; electric motors, converters and generators
(Large Drives Applications); sorting technology and solu-
tions for mail, parcel, baggage and cargo handling
(Siemens Logistics); and certain regional remaining busi-
ness activities of the former Gas and Power segment
(Siemens Energy Assets), which were not carved out

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 16

to Siemens Energy due to country-specific regulatory re-
strictions or economic considerations. Siemens Energy
Assets were classified to Portfolio Companies during the
second quarter of fiscal 2020. Portfolio Companies also
holds an at-equity investment in Valeo Siemens eAuto-

motive GmbH.

With certain notable exceptions, demand within the in-
dustries served by Portfolio Companies generally shows
a delayed response to changes in the overall economic
environment. The results of fully consolidated units are
strongly dependent, however, on customer investment
cycles in their key industries. In commodity-based indus-
tries such as oil and gas or mining, these cycles are driven
mainly by commodity price fluctuations rather than
changes in produced volumes. The broad range of fully
consolidated units and their aggregate, heterogonous
industrial customer base is reflected in its sales and mar-
keting channels. For example, the large drives applica-
tions business leverages the shared regional sales orga-
nization employed by Siemens industrial businesses,
while other businesses require a dedicated sales ap-
proach based on in-depth understanding of specific in-
dustries and customer requirements.

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2020 2019 Actual Comp
Orders 5,258 5,562 (5)% (4)%
Revenue 5,393 5,455 (1)% 0%
Adjusted EBITA (504) 2 nla
Adjusted EBITA
margin (9.3)% 0.0%

Volume development was held back by impacts related
to COVID-19 and the development of the oil-price. Lower
orders were due mainly to Siemens Logistics and Large
Drives Applications. Lower revenue was due mainly to
Siemens Energy Assets primarily related to mandated


--- Page 16 ---

Combined Management Report -> A.3 Segment information

factory closures, which more than offset increases in
other fully consolidated units, primarily Flender’s busi-
nesses. Although the fully consolidated units made good
progress and delivered an improved earnings per-
formance, Adjusted EBITA for fully consolidated units
decreased substantially compared to fiscal 2019 due to a
goodwill impairment of €99 million related to Siemens
Energy Assets, mainly to the activities in Asia. In addition,
sharply higher negative results from equity investments
due mainly to an impairment of €453 million on the
Valeo Siemens eAutomotive investment. Results from
investments accounted for using the equity method are
expected to remain volatile in coming quarters. Portfolio
Companies’ order backlog was €4 billion at the end of
fiscal 2020, of which €3 billion was expected to be con-
verted into revenue in fiscal 2021.

Although the broad range of businesses are operating in
diverse markets, overall, the main markets served by
Portfolio Companies are generally impacted by rising un-
certainties regarding geopolitical and economic develop-
ments, including developments mentioned above, which
are expected to weaken investment sentiment also in the
coming year.

During fiscal 2020 Flender’s businesses recorded in-
creases in revenue from €2,021 million in fiscal 2019 to
€2,185 million and in Adjusted EBITA from €129 million
to €169 million. At the end of October 2020, Siemens
agreed to sell Flender GmbH, Germany, for a price of
€2.0 billion to Carlyle Group Inc., U.S. The transaction,
which is subject to foreign-investment and antitrust ap-
provals, is expected to close in the first half of calendar
2021. The criteria for the classification of Flender’s busi-
nesses as held for disposal and discontinued operations
will be met in the first quarter of fiscal 2021.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 17

A.3.8 Reconciliation

to Consolidated Financial

Statements
Profit

Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2020 2019
Siemens Energy Investment (24) -
Siemens Real Estate 325 135
Corporate items (892) (472)
Centrally carried pension expense (211) (210)
Amortization of intangible assets
acquired in business combinations (691) (634)
Eliminations, Corporate Treasury
and other reconciling items (236) (310)
Reconciliation to Consolidated
Financial Statements (1,730) = (1,491)

Siemens Energy Investment comprised the results re-
lated to our investment in Siemens Energy for the period
between September 25, 2020 (spin-off day) and the fiscal

year-end.

Higher profit at Siemens Real Estate was driven by gains
related to disposals mainly due to transfers to Siemens
Pension-Trust e.V. in Germany to fund pension plans, in-
cluding a gain of €219 million from the transfer of an in-

vestment in the first quarter of fiscal 2020.

The change in Corporate items involved a mix of factors.
The main factor of the change was a positive effect in
the prior year resulting from the measurement of a major
asset retirement obligation. Severance charges within
Corporate items were €68 million (€99 million in fiscal
2019).

Eliminations, Corporate Treasury and other reconciling
items included lower interest expenses on debt.


--- Page 17 ---

Combined Management Report > A.4 Results of operations

AA

Results of operations

A.4.1 Orders and revenue
by region

Currency translation effects took one percentage point
each from order and revenue development; portfolio
transactions added one percentage point to order devel-
opment but had only minimal effects on revenue devel-
opment year-over-year. The resulting ratio of orders to
revenue (book-to-bill) for Siemens in fiscal 2020 was
1.05. The order backlog was €70 billion as of Septem-
ber 30, 2020.

Orders (location of customer)

Fiscal year % Change

(in millions of €) 2020 2019 Actual Comp.
Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East 28,571 32,164 (11)% (11)%
therein: Germany 10,927 10,088 8% 8%
Americas 17,045 18,469 (8)% (9)%
therein: U.S. 14,458 14,675 (1)% (5)%
Asia, Australia 14,361 = 14,049 2% 3%
therein: China 7,840 7,065 11% 12%
Siemens (continuing operations) 59,977 64,682 (7)% (7)%
therein: emerging markets’ 16,120 18,111 (11)% (8)%

1. As defined by the International Monetary Fund

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 18

In a challenging environment resulting from COVID-19,
orders related to external customers were clearly down
year-over-year, due mainly to a substantial decline in
Mobility which in the prior year recorded a higher volume
from large orders. While Siemens Healthineers posted
slight growth, order intake in Digital Industries was close
to the prior-year level and down clearly in Smart Infra-
structure. The decrease in emerging markets was due
mainly to lower order intake in Russia, which in the prior
year had included a €1.2 billion contract for high-speed
trains including maintenance at Mobility.

In the Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East region, order
intake was down significantly year-over-year due mainly
to a lower volume from large orders in Mobility, which
won several large contracts in the prior year, and clear
declines in Smart Infrastructure and Digital Industries
that were only partly offset by a moderate increase in
Siemens Healthineers. In contrast to the region overall,
orders were up clearly in Germany, driven by sharp
growth in Mobility which won several large contracts in
the year under review, among them a €1.1 billion order
for high-speed trains and a €0.3 billion order for regional
trains. Siemens Healthineers posted clear growth in
Germany year-over-year, while order intake declined in

Smart Infrastructure and Digital Industries.


--- Page 18 ---

Combined Management Report > A.4 Results of operations

Order intake in the Americas was also influenced strongly
by a lower volume from large orders for Mobility which in
the prior year included large contract wins in the U.S. and
Canada. This decline was only partly offset by clear
growth in Digital Industries and a moderate increase in
Siemens Healthineers. Order intake for Smart Infrastruc-
ture was slightly below the prior-year level. The pattern
of order development in the U.S. was largely the same as

for the Americas region.

In the Asia, Australia region, orders overall rose slightly
due to clear growth in Digital Industries, partly offset by
a decrease in Smart Infrastructure. Order growth for
Digital Industries was particularly strong in China.
Siemens Healthineers also posted an increase in that
country, while the other two industrial businesses posted
declines.

Revenue (location of customer)

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2020 2019 Actual Comp.
Europe, C.I.S.,
Africa, Middle East 28,062 28,821 (3)% (2)%
therein: Germany 9,726 9,882 (2)% (2)%
Americas 15,464 15,597 (1)% (1)%
therein: U.S. 12,981 = 12,937 0% (1)%
Asia, Australia 13,613 14,065 (3)% (2)%
therein: China 7,254 6,947 4% 6%
Siemens
(continuing
operations) 57,139 58,483 (2)% (2)%
therein: emerging
markets’ 16,168 16,773 (4)% (1)%

1. As defined by the International Monetary Fund

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 19

Revenue related to external customers went down only
slightly year-over-year due mainly to a clear decrease in
Digital Industries driven by a decline in demand in its
short-cycle automation businesses. Smart Infrastructure
posted a slight decline, also involving short-cycle busi-
nesses, while revenue in Siemens Healthineers came in
close to the prior-year level. In contrast, Mobility posted
slight revenue growth due mainly to increases in its
rolling stock business. The revenue decline in emerging
markets was due mainly to lower revenue in countries
that were strongly affected by the pandemic, in particu-

lar India.

Revenue in Europe, C.|.S., Africa, Middle East decreased
moderately as a significant decline in Digital Industries
and a slight decrease in Smart Infrastructure were only
partly offset by moderate growth in Mobility and Siemens
Healthineers. In Germany, revenue was down only slightly
with a decline in Digital Industries to a large degree offset
by growth in Mobility.

In the Americas, revenue came in close to the prior-year
level, as Mobility recorded clear growth that was offset by
decreases in Siemens Healthineers and Digital Industries.
In the U.S., year-over-year changes in revenue were small
for all industrial businesses.

Revenue in Asia, Australia declined moderately year-
over-year on decreases in all four industrial businesses
due mainly to the above-mentioned pandemic effect in
India. In contrast, revenue in China was up moderately
on growth in all industrial businesses except for Mobility.


--- Page 19 ---

Combined Management Report > A.4 Results of operations

A4.2 Income

Fiscal year
(in millions of €, earnings per share in €) 2020 2019 % Change
Digital Industries 3,252 2,880 13%
Smart Infrastructure 1,302 1,465 (11)%
Mobility 822 983 (16)%
Siemens Healthineers 2,184 2,461 (11)%
Industrial Businesses 7,560 7,789 (3)%

Adjusted EBITA margin Industrial Businesses 14.3% 14.4%
Siemens Financial Services 345 632 (45) %
Portfolio Companies (504) 2 nla
Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements (1,730) (1,491) (16)%
Income from continuing operations before income taxes 5,672 6,933 (18)%
Income tax expenses (1,382) (1,775) 22%
Income from continuing operations 4,290 5,158 (17)%
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes (90) 490 nla
Net income 4,200 5,648 (26)%
Basic earnings per share 5.00 6.41 (22)%

ROCE 7.8% 11.1%

Asa result of the developments described above, Income
from continuing operations before income taxes de-
clined 18%. Severance charges for continuing operations
were €591 million, of which €490 million were in Indus-
trial Businesses. Adjusted EBITA margin Industrial Busi-
nesses excluding severance charges was 15.2% in fiscal
2020. In fiscal 2019, severance charges for continuing
operations were €340 million, of which €215 million

were in Industrial Businesses.

The tax rate of 24% for fiscal 2020 was below the tax rate
of 26% for the prior year, benefiting from largely tax-free
gains associated with the revaluation of the Bentley
investment and with the transfer of investments to
Siemens Pension-Trust e.V., and from a positive effect
related to a retroactive statutory tax rate reduction; these
factors were partly offset by impairment losses, which
were not tax-deductible. As a result, the decline in
Income from continuing operations was 17%.

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of
income taxes in both years predominantly included
income related to Siemens Energy.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 20

In May 2019, Siemens announced its intention to trans-
fer the energy business into a new company, Siemens
Energy AG, and list it on the stock market via a spin-off.
Siemens Energy, or the distribution group, includes the
former reportable segment Gas and Power and Siemens’
67% stake in SGRE., 8.1% of which was purchased in Feb-
ruary 2020 from Iberdrola S.A. for a purchase price of
€1.1 billion. The criteria for classification of the distribu-
tion group as held for disposal and discontinued opera-
tions were met at the end of the second quarter of fiscal
2020. In the Consolidated Statements of Income and in
the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, results and
cash flows of the distribution group are reported as
discontinued operations on a comparable basis for all
periods presented. Effective with Siemens classifying the
distribution group as held for disposal, depreciation and
amortization of assets within the distribution group
ceased. The spin-off was completed on September 25,
2020. After the spin-off, Siemens Energy was deconsoli-
dated; the remaining minority stake that Siemens holds in
Siemens Energy is accounted for using the equity method.


--- Page 20 ---

Combined Management Report > A.4 Results of operations

The negative swing year-over-year was due primarily to
losses at Gas and Power and SGRE, both of which had
recorded positive earnings in the prior year, and income
tax expenses of €298 million mainly related to the carve-
out of the distribution group, partly offset by a pretax
gain of €946 million, net of related expenses, from the
spin-off.

The decline in basic earnings per share reflects the
decrease of Net income attributable to Shareholders of
Siemens AG, which was €4,030 million in fiscal 2020
compared to €5,174 million in fiscal 2019, partially off-
set by a lower number of weighted average shares out-
standing.

As expected, ROCE at 7.8% was below the target range
set in our Siemens Financial Framework. The decline year-
over-year was due both to lower income before interest
after tax and to higher average capital employed, which
increased due mainly to effects from the adoption of
IFRS 16, Leases, and acquisitions during the fiscal year,

including Corindus at Siemens Healthineers.

A4.3 Research and development

In fiscal 2020, we reported research and development
(R&D) expenses of €4.6 billion, compared to €4.7 billion
in fiscal 2019. The resulting R&D intensity, defined as the
ratio of R&D expenses and revenue, was 8.1% (fiscal
2019: 8.0%). Additions to capitalized development ex-
penses amounted to €0.4 billion as in prior year. As of
September 30, 2020 and 2019, Siemens held approxi-
mately 42,900 and 42,400 respectively, granted patents
worldwide in its continuing operations. On average, we
had 40,800 R&D employees in fiscal 2020.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 21

Our research and development activities are ultimately
geared to developing innovative, sustainable solutions
for our customers — and the Siemens businesses — while
also strengthening our own competitiveness. Joint imple-
mentation by the operating units and Corporate Technol-
ogy, our central R&D department, ensures that research
activities and business strategies are closely aligned with
one another, and that all units benefit equally and quickly
from technological developments. As in fiscal 2019 the
following technologies were the focus in fiscal 2020:
additive manufacturing, autonomous robotics, block-
chain applications, connected (e-)mobility, connectivity
and edge devices, cyber security, data analytics and arti-
ficial intelligence, distributed energy systems, energy
storage, future of automation, materials, power electron-
ics, simulation and digital twins, and software systems
and processes.

We further develop technologies through our “open inno-
vation” concept. We are working closely with scholars
from leading universities and research institutions, not
only under bilateral cooperation agreements but also in
publicly funded collective projects. Our focus here is on
our strategic research partners, and especially the eight
Centers of Knowledge Interchange that we maintain at
leading universities worldwide.

Siemens’ global venture capital unit, Next47, provides
capital to help start-ups expand and scale. It serves as the
creator of next-generation businesses for Siemens by
building, buying and partnering with innovative compa-
nies at any stage. Next47 is focused on anticipating how
emerging technologies will influence our end markets.
This foreknowledge enables Siemens and our customers
to grow and thrive in the age of digitalization.


--- Page 21 ---

Combined Management Report — A.5 Net assets position

A5

Net assets position

Sep 30,

(in millions of €) 2020 2019 % Change
Cash and cash equivalents 14,041 12,391 13%
Trade and other receivables 14,074 18,894 (26)%
Other current financial assets 8,382 10,669 (21)%
Contract assets 5,545 10,309 (46)%
Inventories 7,795 14,806 (47) %
Current income tax assets 1,523 1,103 38%
Other current assets 1,271 1,960 (35)%
Assets classified as held for disposal 338 238 42%

Total current assets 52,968 70,370 (25)%
Goodwill 20,449 30,160 (32)%
Other intangible assets 4,838 9,800 (51)%
Property, plant and equipment 10,250 12,183 (16)%
Investments accounted for using the equity method 7,862 2,244 >200%
Other financial assets 22,771 19,843 15%
Deferred tax assets 2,988 3,174 (6)%
Other assets 1,769 2,475 (29)%

Total non-current assets 70,928 79,878 (11)%

Total assets 123,897 150,248 (18)%

Our total assets at the end of fiscal 2020 were influenced
by negative currency translation effects of €7.5 billion,
primarily involving the U.S. dollar.

In fiscal 2020, the spin-off of Siemens Energy was the
major factor related to the decrease of Siemens’ assets,
mainly trade and other receivables, contract assets,
inventories, goodwill and other intangible assets. This
was partly offset by goodwill and other intangible assets
resulting from Siemens Healthineers’ acquisitions of
Corindus and ECG Management Consultants, U.S. (ECG).
For further information see 7 noTe3 in 78.6 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. While the spin-off also
reduced property, plant and equipment, this was partly
offset by assets recognized in connection with the
adoption of IFRS 16, Leases. For further information see

7 NOTE 2 iN 7 B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 22

The remaining minority stake that Siemens holds in
Siemens Energy AG after the spin-off increased invest-
ments accounted for using the equity method by
€6.6 billion.

The major factor for the decrease in other current finan-
cial assets was a reassessment of the expected repay-
ment dates of loans receivable at SFS. This decrease was
partly offset by receivables related to customer contracts
in connection with the Siemens Energy activities legally
remaining at Siemens. The reassessment of the expected
repayment dates of loans receivable mentioned above
was also the main factor for the increase in other
financial assets, along with revaluation of Siemens’
stake in Bentley.


--- Page 22 ---

Combined Management Report > A.6 Financial position

A6

Financial position

A.6.1 Capital structure

Sep 30,

(in millions of €) 2020 2019 % Change
Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt 6,562 6,034 9%
Trade payables 7,873 11,409 (31)%
Other current financial liabilities 1,958 1,743 12%
Contract liabilities 7,524 16,452 (54)%
Current provisions 1,674 3,682 (55)%
Current income tax liabilities 2,281 2,378 (4)%
Other current liabilities 6,209 9,023 (31)%
Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal 35 2 >200%

Total current liabilities 34,117 50,723 (33)%
Long-term debt 38,005 30,414 25%
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 6,360 9,896 (36)%
Deferred tax liabilities 664 1,305 (49)%
Provisions 2,352 3,714 (37)%
Other financial liabilities 769 986 (22)%
Other liabilities 1,808 2,226 (19) %

Total non-current liabi 49,957 48,541 3%

84,074 99,265 (15)%
Debt ratio 68% 66%

Total equity attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG 36,390 48,125 (24)%
Equity ratio 32% 34%

Non-controlling interests 3,433 2,858 20%

Total liabilities and equity 123,897 150,248 (18)%

The spin-off of Siemens Energy was the main factor for
the decreases in trade payables, contract liabilities,
current provisions, other current liabilities and pro-
visions. While the spin-off resulted also in decreased
provisions for pensions and similar obligations, the
major impact there resulted from extraordinary fundings
in Germany, including the transfer of a 9.9% interest
in Siemens Energy AG to Siemens Pension Trust e.V.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 23

The increase in short-term debt and current maturities
of long-term debt was due mainly to reclassifications of
long-term euro instruments totaling €3.5 billion from
long-term debt, the issuance of a commercial paper
program of €1.3 billion and increased lease liabilities due
to the adoption of IFRS16. Set against these factors
were decreases resulting from €4.0 billion repayment of
euro and U.S. dollar instruments and from derecognition
of loans from banks in connection with the spin-off of

Siemens Energy.


--- Page 23 ---

Combined Management Report > A.6 Financial position

Long-term debt increased due primarily to the issuance
of euro and British pound instruments totaling €10.3 bil-
lion and increased lease liabilities due to the above-men-
tioned adoption of IFRS 16. Set against these factors were
decreases from the above-mentioned reclassifications of
euro instruments, currency translation effects for bonds
issued in the U.S. dollar and British pound, and the
Siemens Energy spin-off.

The main factors for the decrease in total equity attrib-
utable to shareholders of Siemens AG were changes
in equity resulting from major portfolio transactions to-
taling €9.6 billion, including the transfer of 55% of
Siemens’ ownership interest in Siemens Energy to its
shareholders; dividend payments of €3.2 billion (for
fiscal 2019); negative other comprehensive income, net
of income taxes, of €2.8 billion, resulting mainly from
negative currency translation effects; and the repurchase
of 19,071,746 treasury shares at an average cost per
share of €79.24, totaling €1.5 billion (including incidental
transaction charges). This decrease was partly offset
by €4.0 billion in net income attributable to shareholders
of Siemens AG.

CAPITAL STRUCTURE RATIO

Our capital structure ratio as of September 30, 2020 in-
creased to 1.3 from 0.6 a year earlier. The change was
due primarily to the above-mentioned increases in long-
term debt.

DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES

As of September 30, 2020, we recorded, in total, €38.3 bil-
lion in notes and bonds, €1.4 billion in loans from banks,
€2.1 billion in other financial indebtedness and €2.8 bil-
lion in lease liabilities. Notes and bonds were issued
mainly in the U.S. dollar and euro, and to a lower extent

in the British pound.

We have credit facilities totaling €23.0 billion, thereof
€23.0 billion unused as of September 30, 2020. This
includes a syndicated bridge facility in an amount of
nearly €12.5 billion to secure Siemens Healthineers AG's
financing of the acquisition of Varian. For further infor-
mation about this acquisition see 7 Note 3 in 7 B.6 NOTES

TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 24

For further information about our debt see 7 note 16 in
7 B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. FOr fur-
ther information about the functions and objectives of
our financial risk management see 7 note 25 in 7 B.6 NOTES

TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

OFF-BALANCE-SHEET COMMITMENTS

As of September 30, 2020, the undiscounted amount of
maximum potential future payments related primarily
to credit and performance guarantees amounted to
€28.5 billion. This includes Siemens’ obligations from
performance and credit guarantees in connection with
the Siemens Energy business, for which Siemens has
reimbursement rights for the full amount.

In addition to these commitments, we issued other guar-
antees. To the extent future claims are not considered
remote, maximum future payments from these commit-
ments amounted to €0.4 billion.

Irrevocable loan commitments amounted to €3.8 billion.
A considerable portion of these commitments resulted
from asset-based lending transactions, meaning that the
respective loans can be drawn only after the borrower

has provided sufficient collateral.

For further information about our commitments and
contingencies see 7 NoTE 21 iN 7 B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

SHARE BUYBACK

Out of the above-mentioned treasury shares repurchased
in fiscal 2020, 18,219,708 treasury shares were repur-
chased under the share buyback announced in Novem-
ber 2018 of up to €3.0 billion in volume until Novem-
ber 15, 2021 at the latest. Furthermore, the Company
repurchased the number of treasury shares that were
necessary to keep the stock of treasury shares stable on
a certain level until the spin-off of Siemens Energy be-
came legally effective. In pursuit of this goal, a total of

852,038 treasury shares were repurchased.


--- Page 24 ---

Combined Management Report > A.6 Financial position

A.6.2 Cash flows

Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2020
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income 4,200
Change in operating net working capital (336)
Other reconciling items to cash flows from operating activities - continuing operations 4,314
Cash flows from operating activities - continuing operations 8,178
Cash flows from operating activities — discontinued operations 684
Cash flows from operating activities — continuing and discontinued operations 8,862
Cash flows from investing activities
Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (1,554)
Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired (1,727)
Purchase of investments and financial assets for investment purposes (1,269)
Change in receivables from financing activities of SFS (994)
Other disposals of assets 1,440
Cash flows from investing activities — continuing operations (4,105)
Cash flows from investing activities — discontinued operations (1,080)
Cash flows from investing activities — continuing and discontinued operations (5,184)
Cash flows from financing activities
Purchase of treasury shares (1,517)
Re-issuance of treasury shares and other transactions with owners 2,624
Issuance of long-term debt 10,255
Repayment of long-term debt (including current maturities of long-term debt) (4,472)
Change in short-term debt and other financing activities 1,588
Interest paid (833)
Dividends paid to shareholders of Siemens AG (3,174)
Dividends attributable to non-controlling interests (208)
Cash flows from financing activities — continuing operations 4,263
Cash flows from financing activities — discontinued operations (1,091)
Cash flows from financing activities — continuing and discontinued operations 3,172

All industrial businesses converted their Adjusted EBITA
in significant amounts to Cash flows from operating
activities, with the highest contribution from Digital
Industries. Cash outflows associated with changes in
operating net working included a build-up in inventories
at Siemens Healthineers. At Mobility, higher cash out-
flows from contract assets were nearly offset by higher
cash inflows from contract liabilities, both related to its

project business.

Cash outflows from acquisitions of businesses, net of
cash acquired, mainly involved acquisitions by Siemens

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 25

Healthineers including €1.0 billion for Corindus and
€0.3 billion for ECG.

Cash outflows for purchase of investments and finan-
cial assets for investment purposes primarily included
additions of assets eligible as central bank collateral and
payments related to investments such as debt or equity
investments related to certain projects.

Cash outflows from change in receivables from financ-
ing activities of SFS related mainly to SFS’ debt business.


--- Page 25 ---

Combined Management Report > A.6 Financial position

Cash inflows from other disposals of assets mainly in-
cluded disposals of above-mentioned eligible collateral

and from equity investments.

Cash inflows from the re-issuance of treasury shares and
other transactions with owners mainly included pro-
ceeds of €2.7 billion related to Siemens Healthineers AG's
issuance of 75 million new shares to institutional investors.

Cash flows from discontinued operations related mainly
to the former energy business, which included cash
outflows from investing activities from additions to
intangible assets and property, plant and equipment of
€0.9 billion and cash outflows from financing activities
of €1.1 billion relating to the purchase of the 8.1% stake
in Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy.

We report Free cash flow as a supplemental liquidity

Cash inflows from the change in short-term debt and measure:
other financing activities mainly included net cash in-
flows related to commercial paper.
Free cash flow
Fiscal year 2020

Continuing Discontinued Continuing and
(in millions of €) operations operations —_ discontinued operations
Cash flows from operating activities 8,178 684 8,862
Additions to intangible assets and property, plant
and equipment (1,554) (905) (2,458)
Free cash flow 6,625 (220) 6,404

The Free cash flow for the Industrial Businesses amounted
to €7,142 million, resulting in a cash conversation rate
of 0.94.

With our ability to generate positive operating cash
flows from continuing and discontinuing operations of
€8.9 billion in fiscal 2020, our total liquidity (defined as
cash and cash equivalents plus current interest-bearing
debt securities) of €15.3 billion, our unused lines of credit,
and our credit ratings at year-end, we believe that we
have sufficient flexibility to fund our capital require-
ments. Also in our opinion, our operating net working
capital is sufficient for our present requirements.

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and
equipment from continuing operations totaled €1.6 bil-
lion in fiscal 2020. Within the industrial businesses, on-
going investments related mainly to technological inno-
vations; maintaining and extending our capacities for
designing, manufacturing and marketing new solutions;
improving productivity; and replacements of fixed assets.
These investments amounted to €1.1 billion in fiscal 2020.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 26

The remaining portion related mainly to Siemens Real
Estate, including significant amounts for projects such
as new office buildings in Germany. Siemens Real Estate
is responsible for uniform and comprehensive manage-
ment of Company real estate worldwide and supports
the industrial businesses and corporate activities with
customer-specific real estate solutions; excluded are

Siemens Healthineers and Mobility.

With regard to capital expenditures for continuing oper-
ations, we expect a significant increase in fiscal 2021. In
the coming years, up to €0.6 billion are to be invested in
“Siemensstadt 2.0”. This project initiated in fiscal 2019
aims to transform Siemens’ existing industrial area in
Berlin into a modern urban district supporting a diverse
range of purposes, including strengthening key tech-
nologies. Further investments are planned in relation
to Siemens Campus Erlangen. In addition, we plan to in-
vest significant amounts in coming years in attractive
innovation fields through Siemens’ global venture capital
unit Next47.


--- Page 26 ---

Combined Management Report -> A.7 Overall assessment of the economic position

A7

Overall assessment of the economic position

For Siemens, fiscal 2020 was to a large extent determined
by two factors, one external — COVID-19 — and one inter-
nal —the spin-off and public listing of our energy business.

The worldwide spread of COVID-19 led to the biggest
health crisis and the deepest recession since the Second
World War and affected many of our key customer indus-
tries. Siemens managed this challenge well. The health
and security of our employees and business partners
was — and continues to be — our highest priority. Our
other key priorities during the crisis have been ensuring
business continuity wherever possible in a responsible
manner and safeguarding Siemens’ strong financial
position. While the pandemic has affected our markets in
various ways and with different prospects for recovery,
Siemens has remained a reliable partner for customers
and suppliers. The pandemic has increased activity in the
digital economy and underscored the need for digitaliza-
tion and the development of the industrial internet of
things. These are core competencies of Siemens, and
common to each of our industrial businesses Digital
Industries, Smart Infrastructure, Mobility and Siemens

Healthineers.

During fiscal 2020, we created an independent player in
the energy market with the spin-off and public listing of
our energy business under the name Siemens Energy.
Following approval by our shareholders, we completed
this transaction in September 2020 as planned. We allo-
cated 55.0% of our ownership interest in Siemens Energy
to our shareholders, transferred a further 9.9% to Siemens
Pension-Trust e.V., and hold the remaining share of 35.1%.
This gives Siemens Energy more entrepreneurial freedom
in its rapidly changing market environment. The three
Siemens companies — Siemens, Siemens Healthineers
and Siemens Energy — are now a family of companies
specialized in their respective fields and tied together
by the strong Siemens brand.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 27

At the beginning of fiscal 2020, we already faced macro-
economic headwinds, particularly at our short-cycle busi-
nesses. In addition, effects related to COVID-19 began to
burden volume, the Adjusted EBITA and the Adjusted
EBITA margin of our industrial businesses from the sec-
ond quarter of fiscal 2020 onwards. As a consequence,
we were no longer able to confirm the original outlook
for fiscal 2020 given in our Annual Report 2019. In our
Half-year Financial Report 2020 we revised our outlook
for revenue growth and refrained from giving guidance
for basic EPS from net income for fiscal 2020. While we
continued to deliver solid results in our industrial busi-
nesses and in Siemens Financial Services, particularly
given the adverse economic environment, we missed the
targets for our primary measures set in our Annual Report
2019, but achieved our revised target for revenue devel-
opment. On a comparable basis, revenue declined 2%,
we delivered basic EPS from net income of €5.00, return
on capital employed (ROCE) was 7.8%, and our capital

structure came in at 1.3.

Orders were €60.0 billion, down 7% year-over-year on
both a nominal and a comparable basis. The decline came
mainly from Mobility, due to sharply lower volume from
large orders year-over-year, partly caused by the post-
ponement of tenders for large rail and infrastructure
projects as a consequence of COVID-19. Lower volume
from large orders was also a main reason for a clear de-
cline in orders at Smart Infrastructure. Digital Industries
kept orders on the prior-year level with rapid growth in its
software business, while orders in its automation busi-
nesses declined due to lower demand from some of their
most important customer segments, particularly the
automotive and machine building industries. Orders at
Siemens Healthineers rose slightly on increases in its
diagnostics and imaging businesses. The book-to-bill-ratio
for Siemens was 1.05, thus fulfilling our expectation of
a ratio above 1.


--- Page 27 ---

Combined Management Report -> A.7 Overall assessment of the economic position

Revenue declined 2% on both a nominal and a compa-
rable basis, to €57.1 billion. This was due mainly to a clear
decrease at Digital Industries’ automation businesses,
and a more modest decline at Smart Infrastructure.
Siemens Healthineers kept revenue on the prior-year
level, while revenue at Mobility rose slightly driven
primarily by the rolling stock business. In our Annual
Report 2019, we had forecast moderate comparable
revenue growth for fiscal 2020. In our Half-year Financial
Report, we revised our expectation to a moderate decline
in comparable revenue in fiscal 2020.

Adjusted EBITA Industrial Businesses declined 3% to
€7.6 billion on lower Adjusted EBITA at Siemens
Healthineers, at Smart Infrastructure including declines
across its businesses, and at Mobility due in part to a less
favorable revenue mix. These decreases were only partly
offset by higher Adjusted EBITA at Digital Industries,
which included a strong contribution from the software
business and benefited from a €0.8 billion positive effect
related mainly to a revaluation of its stake in Bentley.
Overall, Adjusted EBITA Industrial Businesses was bur-
dened by severance charges of €0.5 billion, sharply
higher than a year earlier. The vast majority of these
severance charges were booked at Digital Industries and
Smart Infrastructure, which are executing cost structure
improvement and competitiveness programs.

The Adjusted EBITA margin of our Industrial Businesses
was 14.3%, nearly on the prior-year level of 14.4%. With
Adjusted EBITA margins of 21.7% and 9.1%, respectively,
Digital Industries and Mobility were within their long-
term margin ranges; Digital Industries was within its
range even without the above-mentioned effect related
to Bentley, which added 5.1 percentage points to the
Adjusted EBITA margin. With Adjusted EBITA margins of
15.1% and 9.1%, respectively, Siemens Healthineers and
Smart Infrastructure were below their long-term margin

ranges.

The loss outside the Industrial Businesses came in sub-
stantially larger year-over-year. The change was due
mainly to an impairment of €0.5 billion on our equity
investment stake in Valeo Siemens eAutomotive in fiscal
2020. In addition, Siemens Financial Services reported a
sharp decline in earnings before taxes on higher credit

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 28

risk provisions and lower equity investment results year-
over-year, and a return on equity after tax of 11.7%, below
its margin range. Prior-year results outside the Industrial
Businesses benefited from a significant positive effect
related to the measurement of a major asset retirement

obligation.

Net income was €4.2 billion, down from €5.6 billion year-
over-year. This was due mainly to the aforementioned
lower results, particularly outside the Industrial Busi-
nesses. In addition, discontinued operations, largely re-
lated to our former energy business, reported a loss of
€0.1 billion in fiscal 2020 compared to income from
discontinued operations of €0.5 billion a year earlier. As
a result, basic EPS from net income declined to €5.00,
compared to €6.41 in fiscal 2019. In our Annual Report
2019, we forecast basic EPS from net income in the range
from €6.30 to €7.00.

ROCE for fiscal 2020 was 7.8%, down from 11.1% in fiscal
2019. This decline was due to a combination of lower net
income and an increase in average capital employed. Our
forecast for ROCE given in our Annual Report 2019 was to
achieve a double-digit result but to come in below the

lower end of our long-term goal of 15% to 20%.

We evaluate our capital structure using the ratio of indus-
trial net debt to EBITDA. Due primarily to an increase in
long-term debt year-over-year, this ratio rose to 1.3, com-
pared to 0.6 in fiscal 2019. Our forecast given in our

Annual Report 2019 was to achieve a ratio of up to 1.0.

Free cash flow from continuing and discontinued opera-
tions for fiscal 2020 increased 10% year-over-year to
€6.4 billion, reaching its highest level since fiscal 2010.

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to
shareholders. After the successful spin-off of Siemens
Energy, the Siemens Managing Board, in agreement with
the Supervisory Board, proposes a dividend of €3.50 per
share, consisting of €3.00, which is at the upper end of
our targeted dividend payout ratio, supplemented by an
additional €0.50. A year earlier the dividend paid per
share was €3.90.


--- Page 28 ---

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

A8

Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

A.8.1 Report on expected
developments

A.8.1.1 Worldwide economy

In fiscal 2021, the world economy is expected to recover
from the recession caused by COVID-19 in fiscal 2020.
Global GDP is projected to expand by 4.4% in calendar
2021. The risks and uncertainties surrounding this base-
line forecast are unusually large. The further develop-
ment of the virus outbreak (e.g. waves of new infections,
lockdowns, and possible mutations), advances in medical
treatment, availability and acceptance of vaccines, possi-
ble spillover effects from weak demand (especially in
contact-intensive service sectors) or from financial mar-
ket tensions (increasing insolvencies) are very hard to
predict at the start of fiscal 2021. In Europe, it is expected
that the new wave of infection in October and Novem-
ber 2020, with varying degrees of lockdowns in different
countries, will interrupt the recovery and lead to a de-
cline in economic activity in the first quarter of fiscal
2021. However, the impact is expected to be much less
severe compared to spring 2020, as the recovery is so far
intact globally (especially in Asia and the U.S.) and no
significant disruptions in global supply chains have been
observed. High uncertainty also applies to significant
political developments, such as the U.S.-China trade re-
lationship and the U.K.’s exit from the EU, as well as to
the longer-term outcome of the 2020 U.S. election cycle.

In our baseline forecast, we assume that vaccines will be
generally available during the first half of calendar 2021
and immunization of large parts of the population will
occur during 2021. Until then, contact-intensive industries
will still be subject to severe restraints. Based on these
assumptions, the EU economy is expected to expand by
4.1% in calendar 2021, U.S. 3.7%, China 7.3%, Japan 2.2%
and India 9.2%. Given the steep decline in economic
activity in calendar 2020, this is only a moderate rebound
with still a high level of under-utilized resources, which

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 29

will weigh on overall investment activity. Accordingly,
global fixed investments are expected to expand by only
3.7% in calendar 2021, after a decline of 4.9% in calendar
2020. In addition, important customer industries for
Siemens are suffering from effects related to both
COVID-19 and structural problems, e.g. machine-building
(weak capacity utilization), oil and gas (decarbonization),
automotive (accelerated structural change). Therefore,
fiscal 2021 is expected to bring many headwinds for
Siemens’ market environment. On the positive side, op-
portunities could arise from large government stimulus
programs, which may be set in place in the next years.

The forecasts presented here for GDP and fixed invest-
ments are based on a report from IHS Markit dated Octo-
ber 15, 2020.

A.8.1.2 Siemens Group

We are basing our outlook for fiscal 2021 for the Siemens
Group and its reportable segments on the above-men-
tioned expectations and assumptions regarding the over-
all economic situation as well as the specific market con-
ditions we expect for our respective industrial businesses,
as described in 7 a.3 SEGMENT INFoRmaTION. For our outlook
for fiscal 2021, we assume that the COVID-19 pandemic
will not have a long-lasting impact on the world econ-
omy. Given this condition, we expect a fairly robust
return to global GDP growth. While we anticipate that
important customer industries for Siemens will continue
to face challenges related to the pandemic and industry-
specific structural changes, and that this will cause
growth in global fixed investments to lag behind GDP
growth, we expect improved conditions particularly for
our high-margin short-cycle businesses in the second
half of fiscal 2021.

Excluded from this outlook are burdens from legal and
regulatory issues and effects in connection with Siemens
Healthineers’ planned acquisition of Varian, which is


--- Page 29 ---

expected to close in the first half of calendar 2021 and to
benefit nominal volume growth and burden net income
for fiscal 2021.

We are exposed to currency translation effects, mainly
involving the U.S. dollar, the British pound and currencies
of emerging markets, particularly the Chinese yuan.
While we expect volatility in global currency markets to
continue in fiscal 2021, we have improved our natural
hedge on a global basis through geographic distribution
of our production facilities in the past. Nevertheless,
Siemens is still a net exporter from the Eurozone to the
rest of the world, so a weak euro is principally favorable
for our business and a strong euro is principally unfavor-
able. In addition to the natural hedging strategy just
mentioned, we also hedge currency risk in our export
business using derivative financial instruments. We ex-
pect these steps to help us limit effects on income related
to currency in fiscal 2021. Nevertheless, based on cur-
rency exchange rates as of the beginning of Novem-
ber 2020, we anticipate that negative currency effects
will strongly burden both nominal growth rates in vol-
ume and Adjusted EBITA for our businesses in fiscal 2021.

Based on these assumptions and exclusions, our outlook
is as follows:

SEGMENTS

Digital Industries expects fiscal 2021 comparable revenue
to grow modestly year-over-year. Adjusted EBITA margin
is expected at 17% to 18%.

Smart Infrastructure expects to achieve moderate com-
parable revenue growth in fiscal 2021. Adjusted EBITA
margin is expected at 10% to 11%.

Due mainly to executing its large order backlog, Mobility
anticipates mid-single-digit comparable revenue growth
in fiscal 2021. Adjusted EBITA margin is expected to be
9.5% to 10.5%.

Siemens Healthineers expects to achieve comparable rev-
enue growth in the range of 5% to 8% in fiscal 2021. Ad-
justed EBITA margin is expected to improve considerably
and to come in slightly below our target margin range for
this segment of 17% to 21%.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 30

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

Siemens Financial Services is expected to achieve signif-
icant improvements year-over-year and to approach the
target range for return on equity (ROE) (after tax) of 17%
to 22% in fiscal 2021.

REVENUE GROWTH

For comparable revenue, net of currency translation and
portfolio effects, we expect the Siemens Group to
achieve moderate growth. Furthermore, we anticipate
that orders in fiscal 2021 will exceed revenue for a book-

to-bill ratio above 1.

As of September 30, 2020, our order backlog totaled
€70 billion, and we expect conversion from the backlog
to strongly support revenue growth in fiscal 2021 with
approximately €28 billion of past orders converted to cur-
rent revenue. For expected conversion of order backlog
to revenue for our respective segments, see 7 A.3 SEGMENT

INFORMATION.

PROFITABILITY

In addition to the above-mentioned expectations for our
segments, we expect our fully consolidated units within
Portfolio Companies to be profitable while equity invest-
ments therein are expected to be volatile and to continue
to generate losses. Results related to our investment in
Siemens Energy include our participation in its profit af-
ter tax and amortization of assets resulting from pur-
chase price allocation due to the initial recognition of the
investment at fair value. We anticipate this amortization,
which is expected to be approximately €0.3 billion after
tax in fiscal 2021, to result in a substantial loss related to
Siemens Energy Investment. We anticipate that Siemens
Real Estate will continue with real estate disposals de-
pending on market conditions, at a lower level compared
to fiscal 2020. Corporate items and Centrally carried pen-
sion expenses, which were a negative €1.1 billion are ex-
pected on a similar level in fiscal 2021, including impacts
of approximately €0.2 billion to €0.3 billion related to
Siemens Energy. Amortization of intangible assets ac-
quired in business combinations, which was €0.7 billion
in fiscal 2020, is expected at €0.6 billion, and Elimina-
tions, Corporate Treasury and other reconciling items,
which were a negative €0.2 billion in fiscal 2020, are ex-
pected to be slightly more negative in fiscal 2021.


--- Page 30 ---

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

We anticipate our tax rate for fiscal 2021 to be in the
range of 27% to 31%, up from 24% in fiscal 2020. We ex-
pect income from discontinued operations at a positive
mid-triple-digit level, due primarily to a gain from the
announced divestment of Flender, which is expected to
close in the first half of calendar 2021.

For our net income guidance, we assume that the gain
related to the announced divestment of Flender will be
largely offset by burdens related to Siemens Energy and
expected additional expenses remaining from the spin-

off transaction.

Assuming the expectations described above are fulfilled
during fiscal 2021, we anticipate net income to increase
moderately from €4.2 billion in fiscal 2020 despite the
strong currency headwinds.

Our forecast for net income takes into account a number
of additional factors. We expect solid project execution to
continue in fiscal 2021. We plan to keep the ratio of R&D
expenses to revenue above 8% with a strong focus on
software and digital technologies and to keep selling and
general administrative expenses as a percent of revenue
close to the fiscal 2020 level of 18.9%. Severance charges,
which were €0.6 billion in fiscal 2020, are expected to be
somewhat lower in fiscal 2021.

CAPITAL EFFICIENCY

Our long-term goal is to achieve a ROCE in the range of
15% to 20%. Due mainly to factors currently influencing
net income and average capital employed, particularly
recent acquisitions at Siemens Healthineers, we expect
ROCE to increase compared to 7.8% in fiscal 2020 but to
remain in the single-digit range in fiscal 2021. Addition-
ally we expect the planned acquisition of Varian by
Siemens Healthineers, which is excluded from this out-

look, to constitute a significant burden on ROCE.

CAPITAL STRUCTURE

We aim in general for a capital structure, defined as the
ratio of industrial net debt to EBITDA (continuing opera-
tions), of up to 1.0. Due mainly to an increase in long-
term debt year-over-year, this ratio came in at 1.3 in fiscal
2020 and is expected to remain above 1 fiscal 2021. The
planned acquisition of Varian by Siemens Healthineers

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 31

mentioned above, which is excluded from this outlook,
will also significantly influence our capital structure.

A.8.1.3 Overall assessment

For our outlook for fiscal 2021 we assume that the
COVID-19 pandemic will not have a long-lasting impact on
the world economy. Given this condition, we expect a
fairly robust return to global GDP growth. While we an-
ticipate that important customer industries for Siemens
will continue to face challenges related to the pandemic
and industry-specific structural changes, and that this will
cause growth in global fixed investments to lag behind
GDP growth, we expect improved conditions particularly
for our high-margin short-cycle businesses in the second
half of fiscal 2021.

We further anticipate that negative currency effects will
strongly burden both nominal growth rates in volume and
Adjusted EBITA for our industrial businesses in fiscal 2021.

For comparable revenue, net of currency translation and
portfolio effects, we expect the Siemens Group to achieve
moderate growth and a book-to-bill ratio above 1.

Assuming the expectations described above are fulfilled
during fiscal 2021, we anticipate net income to increase
moderately from €4.2 billion in fiscal 2020 despite the

strong currency headwinds.

For our net income guidance, we assume that the gain
related to the announced divestment of Flender will be
largely offset by burdens related to Siemens Energy.
Within our equity investment in Siemens Energy, we ex-
pect an €0.3 billion impact from amortization of assets in
addition to our participation in its profit after tax. We also
expect expenses remaining from the spin-off transaction.

Excluded from this outlook are burdens from legal and
regulatory issues and effects in connection with Siemens
Healthineers’ planned acquisition of Varian, which is

expected to close in the first half of calendar 2021.

Overall, the actual development for Siemens and its
segments may vary, positively or negatively, from our
outlook due to the risks and opportunities described
below or if our expectations and assumptions do not

materialize.


--- Page 31 ---

A.8.2 Risk management

A.8.2.1 Basic principles

of risk management

Our risk management policy stems from a philosophy
of pursuing sustainable growth and creating economic
value while managing appropriate risks and opportuni-
ties and avoiding inappropriate risks. As risk manage-
ment is an integral part of how we plan and execute our
business strategies, our risk management policy is set by
the Managing Board. Our organizational and account-
ability structure requires each of the respective manage-
ments of our organizational units to implement risk man-
agement programs that are tailored to their specific
industries and responsibilities, while being consistent
with the overall policy.

A.8.2.2 Enterprise risk

management process

We have implemented and coordinated a set of risk
management and control systems which support us in
the early recognition of developments that could jeopar-
dize the continuity of our business. The most important
of these systems include our enterprise-wide processes
for strategic planning and management reporting. Stra-
tegic planning is intended to support us in considering
potential risks well in advance of major business decisions,
while management reporting is intended to enable us
to monitor such risks more closely as our business pro-
gresses. Our internal auditors regularly review the ade-
quacy and effectiveness of our risk management. Ac-
cordingly, if deficits are detected, it is possible to adopt
appropriate measures for their elimination. This coordi-
nation of processes and procedures is intended to help
ensure that the Managing Board and the Supervisory
Board are fully informed about significant risks in a timely

manner.

Risk management at Siemens builds on a comprehensive,
interactive and management-oriented Enterprise Risk
Management (ERM) approach that is integrated into the
organization and that addresses both risks and oppor-
tunities. Our ERM approach is based on the globally ac-
cepted COSO Standard (Committee of Sponsoring Orga-
nizations of the Treadway Commission) “Enterprise Risk
Management — Integrating with Strategy and Perfor-

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 32

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

mance” (2017) and the ISO (International Organization
for Standardization) Standard 31000 (2018) and is adapted
to Siemens requirements. The frameworks connect the
ERM process with our financial reporting process and our
internal control system. They consider a company’s strat-
egy, the efficiency and effectiveness of its business oper-
ations, the reliability of its financial reporting and compli-
ance with relevant laws and regulations to be equally

important.

Our ERM process aims for early identification and evalu-
ation of, and response regarding, risks and opportunities
that could materially affect the achievement of our stra-
tegic, operational, financial and compliance objectives.
The time horizon is typically three years, and we take a
net risk approach, addressing risks and opportunities re-
maining after the execution of existing control measures.
If risks have already been considered in plans, budgets,
forecasts or the consolidated financial statements (e.g.
as a provision or risk contingency), they are supposed to
be incorporated with their financial impact in the entity’s
business objectives. As a consequence, only additional
risks arising from the same subject (e.g. deviations from
business objectives, different impact perspectives) should
be considered. In order to provide a comprehensive view
of our business activities, risks and opportunities are
identified in a structured way combining elements of
both top-down and bottom-up approaches. Reporting
generally follows a quarterly cycle; we complement this
periodic reporting with an ad-hoc reporting process that
aims to escalate critical issues in a timely manner. Rele-
vant risks and opportunities are prioritized in terms of
impact and likelihood, considering different impact per-
spectives, including business objectives, reputation and
regulatory requirements. The bottom-up identification
and prioritization process is supplemented by workshops
with the respective managements of our organizational
units. The top-down element ensures that potential new
risks and opportunities are discussed at different man-
agement levels and are included in the subsequent re-
porting process, if found to be relevant. Reported risks
and opportunities are analyzed regarding potential cu-
mulative effects and are aggregated within and for each

of the organizations mentioned above.


--- Page 32 ---

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

Responsibilities are assigned for all relevant risks and op-
portunities, with the hierarchical level of responsibility
depending on the significance of the respective risk or
opportunity. In a first step, assuming responsibility for a
specific risk or opportunity involves choosing one of our
general response strategies. Our general response strat-
egies with respect to risks are avoidance, transfer, reduc-
tion or acceptance of the relevant risk. Our general re-
sponse strategy with respect to opportunities is to “seize”
the relevant opportunity. In a second step, responsibility
for a risk or opportunity also involves the development,
initiation and monitoring of appropriate response mea-
sures corresponding to the chosen response strategy.
These response measures have to be specifically tailored
to allow for effective risk management. Accordingly, we
have developed a variety of response measures with dif-
ferent characteristics. For example, we mitigate the risk
of fluctuations in currency and interest rates by engaging
in hedging activities. Regarding our projects, systematic
and comprehensive project management with standard-
ized project milestones, including provisional accep-
tances during project execution and complemented by
clearly defined approval processes, assists us in identify-
ing and responding to project risks at an early stage, even
before the bidding phase. Furthermore, we maintain ap-
propriate insurance levels for potential cases of damage
and liability risks in order to reduce our exposure to such
risks and to avoid or minimize potential losses. Among
others, we address the risk of fluctuation in economic
activity and customer demand by closely monitoring
macroeconomic conditions and developments in relevant
industries, and by adjusting capacity and implementing
cost-reduction measures in a timely and consistent man-
ner if they are deemed necessary. Worldwide there are
risks from the transmission of infectious agents from
animals to humans, from humans to humans and in other
ways. Epidemic, pandemic or other spread patterns such
as bioterrorism threaten to cause high disease rates in
different countries, regions or continents. We constantly
check information from the World Health Organization
(WHO), the American and European Centers of Disease
Control and Prevention, the German Robert Koch Institute
and other institutions in order to be able to identify early
epidemic or pandemic risks and determine and initiate
related mitigation actions as early as possible.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 33

A.8.2.3 Risk management
organization and responsi

To oversee the ERM process and to further drive the inte-

es

gration and harmonization of existing control activities
to align with legal and operational requirements, the
Managing Board established a Risk Management and
Internal Control Organization, led by the Head of Assur-
ance. In order to allow for a meaningful discussion of risk
at the Siemens Group level, this organization aggregates
individual risks and opportunities of similar cause-and-
effect nature into broader risk and opportunity themes.
This aggregation naturally results in a mixture of risks,
including those with a primarily qualitative assessment
and those with a primarily quantitative risk assessment.
Accordingly, we do not adopt a purely quantitative as-
sessment of risk themes. Thematic risk and opportunity
assessments then form the basis for the evaluation of the
company-wide risk and opportunity situation. The Head
of Assurance reports quarterly to the Managing Board on
matters relating to the implementation, operation and
oversight of the risk and internal control system and
assists the Managing Board, for example in reporting to
the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board.

A.8.3 Risks

Below we describe the risks that could have a material
adverse effect on our business situation, financial condi-
tion (including effects on assets, liabilities and cash
flows), results of operations and reputation. The order in
which the risks are presented in each of the four catego-
ries reflects the currently estimated relative exposure for
Siemens associated with these risks and thus provides an
indication of the risks’ current importance to us. Addi-
tional risks not known to us or that we currently consider
immaterial may also negatively impact our business ob-
jectives and operations. Unless otherwise stated, the risks
described below relate to all our organizational units.


--- Page 33 ---

A.8.3.1 Strategic risks

COVID-19 pandemic (COVID-19): COVID-19 has come to
a head again in autumn 2020 with the number of new
infections rising rapidly in many countries. Current im-
pacts from the pandemic vary considerably between re-
gions and customer industries. Governments and other
local authorities are striving to contain the spread of
the disease by implementing various countermeasures
ranging from recommending social distancing and new
hygiene standards to imposing large-scale lockdowns
and restrictions on opening conditions in certain sectors
of the economy. Governments are expected to ease eco-
nomic restrictions to relieve associated suffering depend-
ing on epidemiological trends and political pressure. As a
result, the extent and duration of the individual effects
on our business are extremely difficult to predict. For ex-
ample, if containment measures are initiated on short
notice or last unforeseeably long, this might significantly
impact our business in a way that exceeds current expec-
tations and might go beyond already initiated mitigation
measures. We could be facing unexpected shutdowns of
locations, factories or office buildings of our suppliers,
customers or our own operations, thus impairing our
ability to produce or deliver our products, solutions and
services. Key uncertainties of the COVID-19 crisis are its
duration, including for example potential additional
waves of infections or mutations of the virus, and the
economic cost of the lockdowns. Since the second quar-
ter of fiscal 2020, we gradually started to see the effects
in our businesses, short-cycle as well as project busi-
nesses, as for example customers have been cancelling
orders or delaying investments, we have been exposed to
an increased risk of default and our supply chain has
been experiencing difficulties in certain areas. Potential
consequences include an unsustainable burden of public
and private debt that hampers the post-pandemic recov-
ery, severe disruptions in the financial system and bank-
ruptcies among Siemens customers and suppliers. In the
long term, a roll-back of globalization could reduce the
potential for future growth. Various task forces and crisis
teams have been set up across all functions of Siemens
to diligently monitor and mitigate the diverse effects
related to COVID-19 including an enduring on securing

the health and safety of our employees and business

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 34

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

continuity. On Group level a senior management task
force prepares overarching decisions and coordinates the
flow of information through the various levels of the
organization while empowering the responsible manage-
ment in the businesses and countries to take actions

appropriate to their respective contexts.

Economic, political and geopolitical conditions (macro-
economic deterioration): We see significant uncertain-
ties regarding the global economic outlook. Especially
the renewed severe escalation of the COVID-19 pandemic
with a sustained long globally synchronized shutdown
would stall the recovery already underway and lead toa
new deep recession. Because the fiscal and monetary
policy scope for action appears already largely exhausted,
the economic impact could be much greater than in fiscal
2020. There is also great uncertainty about the long-term
consequences of the pandemic for important Siemens
customer industries, such as aerospace and non-residen-
tial construction. Moreover, during the COVID-19 pan-
demic essential trouble spots have not been defused and
in some cases they even have intensified. A further esca-
lation of the trade conflict between the U.S. and China
into a full-fledged global trade war or even geopolitical
conflict would significantly worsen global growth pros-
pects. Adverse effects to confidence and investment
activity would severely hit Siemens business. Increasing
trade barriers would negatively impact production costs
and productivity along our many value chains, as well as
our sales markets. In addition, the probability of the U.K.
exiting the European Single Market without a trade
agreement has increased significantly. A “No deal”-Brexit
could trigger a deep recession in the U.K, thereby signifi-
cantly reducing investment activity and posing a risk to
the financial markets. A further and massive loss of eco-
nomic confidence and a longer period of restraint in
investment decisions and the awarding of new orders
would have a negative impact on our business. We con-
tinuously monitor the exit process and coordinate our
local and global risk mitigation measures. Uncertainties
in the context of U.S. election results could potentially
burden the global economy, including a stand-still in
U.S. economic policy, with significant effects on invest-

ment decisions as well as on financial markets. Other


--- Page 34 ---

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

significant risks arise from geopolitical tensions (particu-
larly in the Near and Middle East, Hong Kong and
Taiwan), the European Union's relations with Russia, the
economic vulnerability of several emerging markets
(including Argentina, Turkey, Venezuela) and political
upheavals. We are dependent on the economic develop-
ment of certain industries, especially on continued weak-
ness in the automotive markets we serve, caused by
both, cyclical and structural forces. Further business risk
would result from an abrupt weakening of Chinese
economic growth. A terrorist mega-attack or a significant
cybercrime incident, or a series of such attacks or
incidents in major economies, could depress economic
activity globally and undermine consumer and business
confidence. Additionally, the highly interconnected
global economy remains vulnerable to natural disasters
or further pandemics.

In general, due to long-cycle businesses in our organiza-
tional units and the importance of long-term contracts for
Siemens, there is usually a time lag between changes in
macroeconomic conditions and their impact on our finan-
cial results. In contrast, short-cycle business activities of
Digital Industries and Smart Infrastructure react quickly to
volatility in market demand. If the moderate growth of
certain markets stalls again and if we are not successful in
adapting our production and cost structure to subsequent
changes in conditions in the markets in which we operate,
there can be no assurance that we will not experience
adverse effects. For example, our customers may modify,
delay or cancel plans to purchase our products, solutions
and services, or fail to follow through on purchases or
contracts already executed. Furthermore, the prices for
our products, solutions and services may decline to a
greater extent than we currently anticipate. In addition,
it may become more difficult for our customers to obtain
financing. Contracted payment terms, especially regard-
ing the level of advance payments by our customers re-
lating to long-term projects, may become less favorable,
which could negatively impact our financial condition.
Siemens’ global setup with operations in almost all rele-
vant economies, our wide range of offerings with varied
exposures to business cycles, and our balanced mix of

business models (e.g. equipment, components, systems,

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 35

software, services and solutions) help us to absorb im-
pacts from adverse developments in any single market.

Portfolio measures, at-equity investments, other invest-
ments and strategic alliances: Our strategy includes
divesting our activities in some business areas and
strengthening others through portfolio measures, includ-
ing mergers and acquisitions. With respect to divest-
ments, we may not be able to divest some of our activi-
ties as planned, and the divestitures we do carry out
could have a negative impact on our business situation,
financial condition, results of operations and reputation.
Mergers and acquisitions are inherently risky because of
difficulties that may arise when integrating people, oper-
ations, technologies and products. There can be no assur-
ance that any of the businesses we acquire can be inte-
grated successfully and in a timely manner as originally
planned, or that they will perform as anticipated once
integrated. In addition, we may incur significant acquisi-
tion, administrative, tax and other expenditures in con-
nection with these transactions, including costs related
to integration of acquired businesses. Furthermore, port-
folio measures may result in additional financing needs
and adversely affect our capital structure. Acquisitions
can lead to substantial additions to intangible assets, in-
cluding goodwill, in our statements of financial position.
If we were to encounter continuing adverse business
developments or if we were otherwise to perform worse
than expected at acquisition activities, then these in-
tangible assets, including goodwill, might have to be im-
paired, which could adversely affect our business situa-
tion, financial condition and results of operations. Our
investment portfolio includes investments held for pur-
poses other than trading and other investments. Any fac-
tors negatively influencing the financial condition and
results of operations of our at-equity investments and
other investments could have an adverse effect on our
equity pick-up related to these investments or may result
in a related write-off. In addition, our business situation,
financial condition and results of operations could also
be adversely affected in connection with loans, guaran-
tees or non-compliance with financial covenants related
to these investments. Furthermore, such investments are

inherently risky as we may not be able to sufficiently


--- Page 35 ---

influence corporate governance processes or business
decisions taken by our at-equity investments, other in-
vestments and strategic alliances, which may have a neg-
ative effect on our business and especially on our reputa-
tion. In addition, joint ventures bear the risk of difficulties
that may arise when integrating people, operations, tech-
nologies and products. Strategic alliances may also pose
risks for us because we compete in some business areas
with companies with which we have strategic alliances.
Besides other measures, we handle these risks with stan-
dardized processes as well as dedicated roles and respon-
sibilities in the areas of mergers, acquisitions, divestments
and carve-outs. This includes the systematic treatment of
all contractual obligations and post-closing claims.

Disruptive technologies: The markets in which our busi-
nesses operate experience rapid and significant changes
due to the introduction of innovative and disruptive tech-
nologies. In the fields of digitalization (e.g. loT, artificial
intelligence, cloud computing, Industry 4.0), there are
risks associated with new competitors, substitutions of
existing products/solutions/services, new business mod-
els (e.g. in terms of pricing, financing, extended scopes
for project business or subscription models in the soft-
ware business) and finally the risk that our competitors
may have more advanced time-to-market strategies and
introduce their disruptive products and solutions faster
than Siemens. Our operating results depend to a signifi-
cant extent on our technological leadership, our ability
to anticipate and adapt to changes in our markets and
to optimize our cost base accordingly. Introducing new
products and technologies requires a significant commit-
ment to research and development, which in return re-
quires expenditure of considerable financial resources
that may not always result in success. Our results of
operations may suffer if we invest in technologies that do
not operate or may not be integrated as expected, or that
are not accepted in the marketplace as anticipated, or if
our products, solutions or systems are not introduced to
the market in a timely manner, particularly compared
to our competitors, or even become obsolete. We con-
stantly apply for new patents and actively manage our
intellectual property portfolio to secure our technological

position. However, our patents and other intellectual

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 36

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

property may not prevent competitors from independently
developing or selling products and services that are simi-

lar to ours.

Competitive environment: The worldwide markets for
our products, solutions and services are highly competi-
tive in terms of pricing, product and service quality, prod-
uct development and introduction time, customer ser-
vice, financing terms and shifts in market demands. We
face strong established competitors and rising competi-
tors from emerging markets and new industries, which
may have a better cost structure. Some industries in which
we operate are undergoing consolidation, which may
result in stronger competition, a change in our relative
market position, increase in inventory of finished or work-
in-progress goods or unexpected price erosion. Further-
more, there is a risk that critical suppliers are taken over
by competitors and a risk that competitors are increas-
ingly offering services to our installed base. We address
these risks with various measures, for example bench-
marking, strategic initiatives, sales push initiatives, exe-
cuting productivity measures and target cost projects,
rightsizing of our footprint, outsourcings, mergers and
joint ventures and optimizing our product and service
portfolio. We continuously monitor and analyze compet-
itive, market and industry information in order to be able
to anticipate unfavorable changes in the competitive en-

vironment rather than merely reacting to such changes.

Increasing sustainability focus: The increasing environ-
mental, social and governance requirements from gov-
ernments and customers as well as financing restrictions
from governments, customer demands and financing
restrictions for greenhouse gas emitting technologies
could result in additional costs. Additionally, business
involvement in sensitive environmental, social or gover-
nance activities might be negatively perceived and
trigger adverse media attention. This could lead to repu-
tational damage and have an impact on achieving our
business goals. We are implementing an environmental,
social and governance due diligence tool during fiscal
2021, which is mandatory for all Siemens units.


--- Page 36 ---

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

Footprint and Restructuring: We see risks that we may
not be flexible enough in adjusting our organizational
and manufacturing footprint in order to quickly respond
to changing markets. The necessary restructuring might
not be executed to the extent or in the timeframe planned
(e.g. due to local co-determination regulations), limiting
our improvements of our cost position with negative
profit impacts and the loss of key personnel. Strikes and
disputes with unions and workers councils might result
in negative media coverage and delivery problems. Addi-
tionally, public criticism related to restructuring might
negatively impact Siemens’ reputation. We mitigate these
risks by closely monitoring the implementation of the
planned measures, maintaining strict cost management,
and conducting ongoing discussions with all concerned
interest groups.

A.8.3.2 Operational risks

Cyber/Information security: Digital technologies are
deeply integrated into our business portfolio. We observe
a global increase of cyber security threats and higher
levels of professionalism in computer crime, which pose
a risk to the security of products, systems and networks
and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of data.
According to the various external data sources, this ten-
dency has accelerated during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Especially the number of phishing attacks as well as the
number of malicious websites have increased signifi-
cantly. Moreover, the information technology market is
concentrated around a small number of information
technology and software vendors, which could lead to
dependence on a single provider. There can be no assur-
ance that the measures aimed at protecting our Intellec-
tual Property and portfolio will address these threats
under all circumstances. There is a risk that confidential
information may be stolen or that the integrity of our
portfolio may be compromised, e.g. by attacks on our
networks, social engineering, data manipulations in crit-
ical applications and a loss of critical resources, resulting
in financial damages. Cyber security covers the IT of our
entire enterprise including office IT, systems and applica-
tions, special purpose networks, and our operating envi-
ronments such as manufacturing and research and devel-

opment (R&D). Like other large multinational companies

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 37

we face active cyber threats from sophisticated adversar-
ies that are supported by organized crime and nation-
states engaged in economic espionage or even sabotage.
We attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a num-
ber of measures, including employee training, consider-
ing new models of flexible working environments, and
comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems
through Cyber Defense with an artificial intelligence
solution to identify attacks faster and prevent damage to
society and especially to critical infrastructures, our cus-
tomers, our partners and Siemens overall. We initiated
the industrial “Charter of Trust”, signed by a growing
group of global companies, which sets out principles for
building trust in digital technologies and creating a more
secure digital world. Nonetheless, our systems, products,
solutions and services, as well as those of our service pro-
viders, remain potentially vulnerable to attacks. Such at-
tacks could potentially lead to the publication, manipula-
tion or leakage of information such as through industrial
espionage. They could also result in deliberate improper
use of our systems, vulnerable products, production
downtimes and supply shortages, with potential adverse
effects on our reputation, our competitiveness and re-
sults of operations. For increased protection of Siemens
and reduction of a potential financial impact caused by
cyber incidents, we have assessed in detail the possibility
of transferring risk. As a result of an international insur-
ance tender, out currently insurable cybersecurity risks
have been to a partial extent transferred to a consortium
of insurance companies.

Internal programs and initiatives: We are in a continu-

ous process of operational optimization and constantly
engage in cost-reduction initiatives, including ongoing
capacity adjustment measures and structural initiatives.
Consolidation of business activities and manufacturing
facilities, outsourcings, joint ventures and the stream-
lining of product portfolios are all part of these cost-
reduction efforts. These measures may not be imple-
mented as planned, may turn out to be less effective than
anticipated, may become effective later than estimated
or may not become effective at all. Any future contribu-
tion of these measures to our profitability will be influ-

enced by the actual savings achieved and by our ability to


--- Page 37 ---

sustain them. In case of restructuring and outsourcing
activities, there could be delays in product deliveries or
we might even experience delivery failures. Furthermore,
delays in critical R&D projects could lead to negative
impacts in running projects. We constantly control and
monitor the progress of these projects and initiatives
using standardized controlling and milestone tracking
approaches.

Project-related risks: A number of our segments conduct
activities, under long-term contracts that are awarded
on a competitive bidding basis. Such contracts typically
arise at Mobility and in various activities of Smart Infra-
structure. Some of these contracts are inherently risky
because we may assume substantially all of the risks
associated with completing a project and meeting post-
completion warranty obligations. For example, we may
face the risk that we must satisfy technical requirements
of a project even though we have not gained experience
with those requirements before winning the project. The
profit margins realized on fixed-priced contracts may
vary from original estimates as a result of changes in
costs and productivity over the contract's term. We some-
times bear the risk of unanticipated project modifica-
tions, shortage of key personnel, quality problems, fi-
nancial difficulties of our customers and/or significant
partners, cost overruns or contractual penalties caused
by unexpected technological problems, unforeseen de-
velopments at the project sites, unforeseen changes or
difficulties in the regulatory or political environment,
performance problems with our suppliers, subcontrac-
tors and consortium partners or other logistical difficul-
ties. Some of our multi-year contracts also contain de-
manding installation and maintenance requirements in
addition to other performance criteria relating to timing,
unit cost and compliance with government regulations,
which, if not satisfied, could subject us to substantial
contractual penalties, damages, non-payment and con-
tract termination. There can be no assurance that con-
tracts and projects, in particular those with long-term
duration and fixed-priced calculation, can be completed
profitably. To tackle those risks, we established a global
project management organization to systematically im-

prove the technical and commercial capabilities of our

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 38

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

project management personnel. For very complex proj-
ects we conduct dedicated risk assessments in very early
stages of the sales phase before we decide to hand over
a binding offer to our customers.

Supply chain management: The financial performance
of our operating units depends on reliable and effective
supply chain management for components, sub-assem-
blies and materials. Capacity constraints and supply
shortages resulting from ineffective supply chain man-
agement may lead to production bottlenecks, delivery
delays, quality issues and additional costs. We also rely
on third parties to supply us with parts, components and
services. Using third parties to manufacture, assemble
and test our products may reduce our control over man-
ufacturing yields, quality assurance, product delivery
schedules and costs. Although we work closely with our
suppliers to avoid supply-related problems, there can be
no assurance that we will not encounter supply problems
in the future, especially if we use single-source suppliers
for critical components. Shortages and delays could ma-
terially harm our businesses. Unanticipated increases in
the price of components or raw materials due to market
shortages or other reasons could also adversely affect
performance. Furthermore, we may be exposed to the
risk of delays and interruptions in the supply chain as
a consequence of catastrophic events (including pan-
demics), cyber incidents or suppliers’ financial difficul-
ties, particularly if we are unable to identify alternative
sources of supply or means of transportation in a timely
manner or at all. Besides other measures, we mitigate
price fluctuation in global raw material markets with
various hedging instruments.

Shortage of skilled personnel: Competition for diverse
and highly qualified personnel (e.g. specialists, experts,
digital talent) remains intense in the industries and re-
gions in which our businesses operate. We have ongoing
demand for highly skilled employees and a need to en-
hance diversity, inclusion and sense of belonging in our
workforce. Our future success depends in part on our
continued ability to identify, assess and hire engineers,
digital talent and other qualified personnel. We must also

integrate, develop and retain them after they join us,


--- Page 38 ---

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

which appears especially relevant in times of a new, in-
creasingly virtual working environment. We address these
topics for example by strengthening the capabilities and
skills of our Talent Acquisition teams and a strategy of
proactive search for people with the required capabilities
in our respective industries and markets. Technology and
digitalization help us to be more effective in attracting
and selecting diverse talent. Furthermore, we have a

focus on diversity and structured succession planning.

A.8.3.3 Financial risks

Market price risks: We are exposed to fluctuations in
exchange rates, especially between the U.S. dollar and
the euro, because a high percentage of our business vol-
ume is conducted as exports from Europe to areas using
the U.S. dollar. In addition, we are exposed to effects in-
volving the currencies of emerging markets, in particular
the Chinese yuan. Appreciable changes in euro exchange
rates could materially change our competitive position.
We are also exposed to fluctuations in interest rates. Even
hedging activities to mitigate such risks may result in a
reverse effect. Fluctuations in exchange or interest rates,
negative developments in the financial markets and
changes in central bank policies could therefore nega-

tively impact our financial results.

Liquidity and financing risks: Our treasury and financing
activities could face adverse deposit and/or financing
conditions from negative developments related to finan-
cial markets, such as limited availability of funds and
hedging instruments, an updated evaluation of our sol-
vency, particularly from rating agencies, negative inter-
est rates, and impacts arising from more restrictive regu-
lation of the financial sector, central bank policy, or the
usage of financial instruments. Widening credit spreads
due to uncertainty and risk aversion in the financial mar-
kets might lead to adverse changes in the market values
of our financial assets, in particular our derivative finan-
cial instruments.

Credit risks: We provide our customers with various
forms of direct and indirect financing of orders and proj-
ects, including guarantees. Siemens Financial Services in

particular bears credit risks due to such financing activi-

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 39

ties if, for example, customers do not, only partially or
late meet obligations arising from these financing ar-

rangements.

Risks from pension obligations: The provisions for pen-
sions and similar obligations may be affected by changes
in actuarial assumptions, including the discount rate, as
well as by movements in financial markets or a change in
the mix of assets in our investment portfolio. Addition-
ally, they are subject to legal risks with regard to plan
design among other factors. A significant increase in the
underfunding may have a negative effect on our capital
structure and rating, and thus may tighten refinancing
options and increase costs. In order to comply with local
pension regulations in selected foreign countries, we
may face an economic risk of increasing cash outflows
due to change in funding level according to local regula-
tions of our pension plans in these countries and the
change of the regulations themselves.

For further information on post-employment benefits,
derivative financial instruments, hedging activities, finan-
cial risk management and related measures, see 7 NoTES
17, 24 and 2s in A B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS.

Audits by tax authorities and changes in tax regula-
tions: We operate in nearly all countries of the world and
therefore are subject to many different tax regulations.
Changes in tax laws in any of these jurisdictions could
result in higher tax expenses and increased tax payments.
Furthermore, legislative changes could impact our tax
receivables and liabilities as well as deferred tax assets
and deferred tax liabilities. In addition, the uncertain legal
environment in some regions could limit our ability to en-
force our rights. As a globally operating organization, we
conduct business in countries subject to complex tax
rules, which may be interpreted in different ways. Future
interpretations or developments of tax regimes may
affect our business situation, financial condition and
results of operations. We are regularly audited by tax
authorities in various jurisdictions and we continuously
identify and assess relevant risks.


--- Page 39 ---

A.8.3.4 Compliance risks

Current and future investigations regarding allega-
tions of corruption, of antitrust violations and of other
violations of law: Proceedings against us or our business
partners regarding allegations of corruption, of antitrust
violations and of other violations of law may lead to fines
as well as penalties, sanctions, injunctions against future
conduct, profit disgorgements, disqualifications from
directly and indirectly engaging in certain types of busi-
ness, the loss of business licenses or permits, other re-
strictions and legal consequences as well as negative
public media coverage. Accordingly, we may, among
other things, be required to comply with potential obliga-
tions and liabilities arising in connection with such inves-
tigations and proceedings, including potential tax penal-
ties. Moreover, any findings related to public corruption
that are not covered by the 2008 and 2009 corruption
charge settlements, which we concluded with U.S. and
German authorities, may endanger our business with
government agencies and intergovernmental and supra-
national organizations. Monitors could again be ap-
pointed to review future business practices and we may
otherwise be required to further modify our business
practices and our compliance program.

Siemens conducts a large share of its business with gov-
ernments and government-owned enterprises. We also
participate in a number of projects funded by govern-
ment agencies and intergovernmental and supranational
organizations, such as multilateral development banks.
Ongoing or potential future investigations into allega-
tions of corruption, antitrust violations or other violations
of law could as well impair relationships with such parties
or could result in our exclusion from public contracts.
Such investigations may also adversely affect existing
private business relationships and our ability to pursue
potentially important strategic projects and transactions,
such as strategic alliances, joint ventures or other busi-
ness alliances, or could result in the cancellation of certain
of our existing contracts. Moreover, third parties, includ-

ing our competitors, could initiate significant litigation.

In addition, future developments in ongoing and poten-

tial future investigations, such as responding to the

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 40

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

requests of governmental authorities and cooperating
with them, could divert management's attention and
resources from other issues facing our business. Further-
more, we might be exposed to compliance risks in con-
nection with recently acquired operations that are in the

ongoing process of integration.

Along with other measures, Siemens has established a
global compliance organization that conducts among
others compliance risk mitigation processes such as Com-
pliance Risk Assessments or initiates internal audit activ-

ities performed by the internal assurance department.

Changes of regulations, laws and policies: As a diversi-
fied company with global businesses we are exposed to
various product- and country-related regulations, laws
and policies influencing our business activities and pro-
cesses. We monitor the political and regulatory landscape
in all our key markets to anticipate potential problem
areas, with the aim of quickly adjusting our business ac-
tivities and processes to changed conditions. However,
any changes in regulations, laws and policies could ad-
versely affect our business activities and processes as
well as our financial condition and results of operations.

Protectionism (including tariffs/trade war): Protection-
ist trade policies and changes in the political and regula-
tory environment in the markets in which we operate,
such as import and export controls, tariffs and other
trade barriers including debarment from certain markets
and price or exchange controls, could affect our business
in national markets and could impact our business situa-
tion, financial position and results of operations; and
may expose us to penalties, other sanctions and reputa-
tional damage. In addition, the uncertainty of the legal
environment in some regions could limit our ability to
enforce our rights and subject us to increasing costs re-
lated to appropriate compliance programs.

Geopolitical uncertainties including sanctions and
export control: As a globally operating organization, we
conduct business with customers in countries which are
subject to export control regulations, embargoes, eco-

nomic sanctions, debarment policies or other forms of


--- Page 40 ---

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

trade restrictions (hereafter referred to as “sanctions”)
imposed by the U.S., the EU or other countries or organi-
zations. New or expanded sanctions in countries in which
we do business may result in a curtailment of our existing
business in such countries or indirectly in other countries.
We are also aware of policies of national authorities and
institutional investors, such as pension funds or insur-
ance companies, requiring divestment of interests in and
prohibiting investment in and transactions with entities
doing business with countries identified by the U.S.
Department of State as state sponsors of terrorism. There-
fore, it is possible that such policies may result in our
being unable to gain or retain certain investors or cus-
tomers. In addition, the termination of our activities in
sanctioned countries may expose us to customer claims
and other actions. Our reputation could also suffer due
to our activities with counterparties in or affiliated with

these countries.

Environmental, health &safety and other governmen-
tal regulations: Some of the industries in which we
operate are highly regulated. Current and future en-
vironmental, health and safety and other governmental
regulations or changes thereto may require us to change
the way we run our operations and could result in signif-
icant increases in our operating or production costs. Fur-
thermore, we see the risk of potential environmental and
health and safety incidents as well as potential non-
compliance with environmental and health and safety
regulations affecting Siemens and our contractors or
sub-suppliers, resulting for example in serious injuries,
penalties, loss of reputation and internal or external
investigations.

In addition, while we have procedures in place to ensure
compliance with applicable governmental regulations in
the conduct of our business operations, it cannot be ex-
cluded that violations of applicable governmental regu-
lations may be caused either by us or by third parties that
we contract with, including suppliers or service providers
whose activities may be attributed to us. Any such viola-
tions particularly expose us to the risk of liability, penal-
ties, fines, reputational damage or loss of licenses or

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 41

permits that are important to our business operations. In
particular, we could also face liability for damage or re-
mediation for environmental contamination at the facil-
ities we design or operate. With regard to certain en-
vironmental risks, we maintain liability insurance at
levels that our management believes are appropriate and
consistent with industry practice. We may incur environ-
mental losses beyond the limits, or outside the coverage,
of such insurance, and such losses may have an adverse
effect on our business situation, financial condition and

results of operations.

Current or future litigation and legal and regulatory
proceedings: Siemens is and potentially will be involved
in numerous legal disputes and proceedings in various
jurisdictions. These legal disputes and proceedings could
result, in particular, in Siemens being subject to payment
of damages and punitive damages, equitable remedies
or sanctions, fines or disgorgement of profit. In individual
cases this may also lead to formal or informal exclusion
from tenders or the revocation or loss of business licenses
or permits. Asserted claims are generally subject to inter-
est rates. Some of these legal disputes and proceedings
could result in adverse decisions for Siemens or deci-
sions, assessments or requirements of regulatory author-
ities could deviate from our expectations, which may
have material effects on our business activities as well
as our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows. Siemens maintains liability insurance for certain
legal risks at levels our management believes are appro-
priate and consistent with industry practice. The insur-
ance policy, however, does not protect Siemens against
reputational damage. Moreover, Siemens may incur
losses relating to legal proceedings beyond the limits, or
outside the coverage, of such insurance or exceeding any
provisions made for losses related to legal proceedings.
Finally, there can be no assurance that Siemens will be
able to maintain adequate insurance coverage on com-
mercially reasonable terms in the future.

For additional information with respect to specific pro-
ceedings, see 7 NoTE22 iN 78.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.


--- Page 41 ---

A.8.3.5 Assessment of the

overall risk situation

The most significant challenges have been mentioned
first in each of the four risk categories — strategic, opera-
tional, financial and compliance.

While our assessments of individual risks have changed
during fiscal 2020 due to developments in the external
environment, changes in our business portfolio, effects
of our own mitigation measures and the revision of
our risk assessment, the overall risk situation for Siemens
did not change significantly as compared to the prior
year with the exception of the COVID-19 pandemic. We
currently see this strategic risk as the most significant
challenge for us followed by the operational risk arising
from cyber/information security.

At present, no risks have been identified that either indi-
vidually or in combination could endanger our ability to
continue as a going concern.

A.8.4 Opportunities

Within our ERM we regularly identify, evaluate and re-
spond to opportunities that present themselves in our
various fields of activity. Below we describe our most sig-
nificant opportunities. Unless otherwise stated, the op-
portunities described relate to all organizational units.
The order in which the opportunities are presented re-
flects the currently estimated relative exposure for
Siemens associated with these opportunities and thus
provides an indication of the opportunities’ current im-
portance to us. The described opportunities are not nec-
essarily the only ones we encounter. In addition, our as-
sessment of opportunities is subject to change because
the Company, our markets and technologies are con-
stantly advancing. It is also possible that opportunities
we see today will never materialize.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 42

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

Value creation through innovation: We drive innova-
tion by investing significantly in R&D in order to develop
sustainable solutions for our customers while also
strengthening our own competitiveness. Being an inno-
vative company and constantly inventing new technolo-
gies that we expect will meet future demands arising
from the megatrends of demographic change, urbaniza-
tion, climate change and globalization is one of our core
purposes. We are granted thousands of new patents
every year and continuously develop new concepts and
convincing new digital and data-driven business models.
This helps us create the next generation of ground-break-
ing innovations in such fields as digitalization, artificial
intelligence, autonomous machines and edge comput-
ing. Across our operating units, we are profiting from
our strength in the “Digital Enterprise.” Foremost, our
cloud-based MindSphere platform enhances the avail-
ability of our customers’ digital products and systems and
improves their productivity and efficiency. We offer edge
computing apps along with Mindsphere in individual
facilities, so that customers can connect all their facilities
to create an integrated data network. We see also signif-
icant opportunities to generate additional volume and
profit from innovative digital products, services and solu-
tions, including cyber security and applications for opti-
mized energy consumption. We see growth opportuni-
ties in opening up access to new markets and customers
through new marketing and sales strategies, which we
implement in our operating units. Our position along the
value chains of automation and digitalization allows us
to further increase market penetration. Along these value
chains, we have identified several concrete growth fields
in which we see our greatest long-term potential. Hence,
we are combining and developing our resources and
capabilities for these growth fields.


--- Page 42 ---

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

Leveraging market potential: Through sales initiatives
and masterplans in our operating units, we continuously
strive to grow and extend our businesses in established
markets, open up new markets for existing portfolio
elements and strengthen our installed base in order to
gain a higher market share and increased profits. Further-
more, we aim to increase our sales via improved account
management and new distribution channels.

Turning COVID-19 challenges into opportunities: The
participation in governmental COVID-19 recovery pro-

grams such as the European Union's “Next Generation
EU" recovery plan is an opportunity for Siemens. There is
also the chance to strengthen our customer relationship
through additional market offerings that specifically
address use cases related directly to the COVID-19 pan-
demic. Potential growth areas might arise through the

optimization program “new normal” with, for example,

more working flexibility for our employees.

Mergers, acquisitions, equity investments, partner-
ships, divestments and streamlining our portfolio: We
constantly monitor our current and potential markets to
identify opportunities for strategic mergers, acquisitions,
equity investments and partnerships, which may comple-
ment our organic growth. Such activities may help us
to strengthen our position in our existing markets, pro-
vide access to new or underserved markets, or comple-
ment our technological portfolio in strategic areas. Op-
portunities might also arise when portfolio optimization
measures generate gains, which enable us to further
pursue our other strategies for growth and profitability.

Favorable political and regulatory environment (in-
cluding sustainability): We see opportunities from po-
tential improvement in the geopolitical policy environ-
ment, which could quickly restore a more positive
industrial investment sentiment that supports the growth
of our markets. In addition, government initiatives and

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 43

subsidies (including tax reforms among others) may lead
to more government spending (e.g. infrastructure or dig-
italization investments) and ultimately result in an oppor-
tunity for us to participate in ways that increase our rev-
enue and profit. By enabling our customers to lower their
GHG (Greenhouse Gas) emissions across our portfolio and
by reducing CO2 emission in our own operation, Siemens
strives to support the trend towards a low-carbon econ-
omy. Recent legislative and governmental accelerate to
mitigate climate change worldwide, especially in Europe
through e.g. the Green Deal or Sustainable Finance Initia-

tive represent an opportunity for Siemens.

Optimization of organization and processes: On the
one hand, we leverage ideas to drive further improve-
ments in our processes and cost structure, such as com-
mon computing architecture for image processing or
optimizing factory capacities for shorter lead times. On
the other hand, we see an opportunity of further pene-
trating markets by ramping up local business excellence
(e.g. engineering) and increasing local sourcing and local

manufacturing.

Assessment of the overall opportunities situation: The
most significant opportunity for Siemens continues to be
value creation through innovation as described above.

While our assessments of individual opportunities have
changed during fiscal 2020 due to developments in the
external environment, changes in our business portfolio,
our endeavors to profit from them and revision of our
strategic plans, the overall opportunity situation for
Siemens did not change significantly as compared to

the prior year.


--- Page 43 ---

A.8.5 Significant characteristics
of the accounting-related
internal control and risk manage-
ment system

The overarching objective of our accounting-related in-
ternal control and risk management system is to ensure
that financial reporting is conducted in a proper manner,
such that the Consolidated Financial Statements and the
Combined Management Report of Siemens Group as
well as the Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG
as the parent company are prepared in accordance with
all relevant regulations.

Our ERM approach is based on the globally accepted
COSO Standard (Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission) “Enterprise Risk Manage-
ment — Integrating with Strategy and Performance”
(2017) and the ISO (International Organization for Stan-
dardization) Standard 31000 (2018) and is adapted to
Siemens requirements. The frameworks connect the ERM
process with our financial reporting process and our in-
ternal control system. They consider a company’s strat-
egy, the efficiency and effectiveness of its business oper-
ations, the reliability of its financial reporting and
compliance with relevant laws and regulations to be
equally important. Our accounting-related internal con-
trol system is based on the internationally recognized
“Internal Control — Integrated Framework” (2013) also
developed by COSO. The two systems are comple-
mentary.

At the end of each fiscal year, our management performs
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the implemented
control system, both in design and operating effective-
ness. We have a standardized procedure under which
necessary controls are defined, documented in accor-
dance with uniform standards, and tested regularly for
their effectiveness. Nevertheless, there are inherent lim-
itations on the effectiveness of any control system, and
no system, including one determined to be effective,
may prevent or detect all misstatements.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 44

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared on
the basis of a centrally issued conceptual framework
which primarily consists of uniform Financial Reporting
Guidelines and a chart of accounts. For Siemens AG and
other companies within the Siemens Group required to
prepare financial statements in accordance with German
Commercial Code, this conceptual framework is comple-
mented by mandatory regulations specific to the German
Commercial Code. The need for adjustments in the con-
ceptual framework due to regulatory changes is analyzed
on an ongoing basis. Accounting departments are in-
formed quarterly about current topics and deadlines
from an accounting and closing process perspective.

The base data used in preparing our financial statements
consists of the closing data reported by the operations of
Siemens AG and its subsidiaries. The preparation of the
closing data of most of our entities is supported by an
internal shared services organization. Furthermore, other
accounting activities, such as governance and monitor-
ing activities, are usually bundled on a regional level. In
particular cases, such as valuations relating to post-
employment benefits, we use external experts. The re-
ported closing data is used to prepare the financial state-
ments in the consolidation system. The steps necessary
to prepare the financial statements are subject to both
manual and automated controls.

Qualification of employees involved in the accounting pro-
cess is ensured through appropriate selection processes
and training. As a fundamental principle, based on mate-
riality considerations, the “four eyes” principle applies,
and specific procedures must be adhered to for data
authorization. Additional control mechanisms include
target-performance comparisons and analyses of the
composition of and changes in individual line items, both
in the closing data submitted by reporting units and in
the Consolidated Financial Statements. In line with our
information security requirements, accounting-related IT
systems contain defined access rules protecting them
from unauthorized access. The manual and system-based
control mechanisms referred to above generally also ap-
ply when reconciling the International Financial Report-


--- Page 44 ---

Combined Management Report > A.8 Report on expected developments and associated material opportunities and risks

ing Standards (IFRS) closing data to the Annual Financial
Statements of Siemens AG.

On a quarterly basis, we execute an internal certification
process. Management at different levels of our organiza-
tion, supported by confirmations by managements of
entities under their responsibility, confirms the accuracy
of the financial data that has been reported to Siemens’
corporate headquarters and reports on the effectiveness
of the related control systems.

Siemens Healthineers is subject to our Group-wide prin-
ciples for the accounting-related internal control and risk
management system and is responsible for adhering to
those principles. The management of Siemens Healthi-
neers provides periodic sign-offs to the Managing Board
of Siemens AG, certifying the effectiveness of its ac-
counting-related internal control system as well as the
completeness, accuracy, and reliability of the financial
data reported to us.

Our internal audit function systematically evaluates our
financial reporting integrity, the effectiveness of the con-
trol system and the risk management system, and adher-
ence to our compliance policies. Siemens Healthineers
has its own internal audit department and annual audit
plan. Topics from the annual audit plan of Siemens
Healthineers that are also relevant for our Managing
Board and Audit Committee first have to be mandated by
Siemens Healthineers’ Managing Board and Audit Com-
mittee and subsequently be mandated by our Managing
Board and Audit Committee. The audit procedures for
these topics will be generally executed in joint teams of
our and Siemens Healthineers’ internal audit functions;
thus reflecting the interest of both Siemens AG and
Siemens Healthineers. In addition, the Audit Committee
is integrated into our control system. In particular, it over-
sees the accounting and accounting process and the
effectiveness of the internal control system, the risk man-
agement system and the internal audit system. More-

over, we have rules for accounting-related complaints.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 45


--- Page 45 ---

Combined Management Report —> A.9 Siemens AG

AQ

Siemens AG

The Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG have
been prepared in accordance with the regulations set
forth in the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetz-
buch) and the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktien-
gesetz).

Effective as of January 1, 2020, the business activities
“Gas and Power” were transferred to Siemens Energy
Global GmbH & Co. KG (formerly Siemens Gas and Power
GmbH &Co. KG) by means of singular succession. Fur-
thermore, domestic and foreign investments attributable
to the Siemens Energy business were transferred to
Siemens Energy Global GmbH & Co. KG, indirectly or di-
rectly. These transfers resulted in an increase in shares
in affiliated companies, and a decrease in transferred
assets and liabilities, particularly including property,
plant and equipment, securities, inventories, receiv-
ables and other assets, advance payments received,
provisions for pensions and other provisions. In addi-
tion, the transfers resulted in a corresponding year-over-
year decline in income and expenses, particular including
revenue, cost of sales, gross profit, research and devel-
opment expenses as well as selling expenses.

With regard to the spin-off, on September 25, 2020 (spin-
off day), Siemens AG contributed, in a first step, indi-
rectly or directly, its interests in Siemens Energy Global
GmbH & Co. KG and also in its general partner to Siemens
Energy AG in return for the issuance of shares. In a
second step, Siemens AG transferred its remaining inter-
ests in Siemens Energy Global GmbH & Co. KG and in its
general partner to Siemens Energy AG in a spin-off in
accordance with the German Transformation Act
(Umwandlungsgesetz). This step followed the approval
by the extraordinary shareholder’s meeting on July 9,
2020 in return for the issuance of shares in Siemens
Energy AG to the shareholders of Siemens AG. The inter-
ests transferred represented the equivalent of 55% of

the subscribed capital of Siemens Energy AG.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 46

As of the end of fiscal 2020, results for Siemens AG arise
mainly from the business activities of Digital Industries,
Smart Infrastructure and Portfolio Companies and are
influenced significantly by the results of subsidiaries and
investments we own either directly or indirectly. The
business development of Siemens AG is fundamen-
tally subject to the same risks and opportunities as the
Siemens Group. Therefore, the foregoing explanations
for the Siemens Group apply also for Siemens AG. We
expect that income from investments or profit transfer
agreements with affiliated companies and a substantial
gain related to an agreement to sell Flender GmbH,
Germany, for a price of €2.0 billion will significantly
influence the profit of Siemens AG.

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to
shareholders. Therefore, we intend to propose a dividend
whose distribution volume is within a dividend payout
range of 40% to 60% of net income of the Siemens Group
attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG, which we
may adjust for this purpose to exclude selected excep-
tional non-cash effects. For fiscal 2021, we expect that
net income of Siemens AG will be sufficient to fund the

distribution of a corresponding dividend.

As of September 30, 2020, the number of employees
was 50,400.


--- Page 46 ---

Combined Management Report —> A.9 Siemens AG

A9.1 Results of operations

Statement of Income of Siemens AG in accordance
with German Commercial Code (condensed)

Fiscal year

(in millions of €) 2020 2019 % Change
Revenue 16,389 22,104 (26)%
Cost of sales (12,032) (15,825) 24%
Gross profit 4,357 6,279 (31)%

as percentage of revenue 27% 28%
Research and development
expenses (1,677) (2,362) 29%
Selling and general
administrative expenses (3,490) (3,979) 12%
Other operating income
(expenses), net (555) 9,469 nla
Financial income, net

thereof Income from

investments, net 8,078

(prior year 3,754) 6,557 3,188 106%
Income from business activity 5,192 12,596 (59)%
Income taxes 78 (1,377) nla
Net income 5,270 11,219 (53)%
Profit carried forward 141 170 (17)%
Allocation to other retained
earnings (2,436) (6,005) (59)%
Unappropriated net
income 2,975 5,384 (45)%

On a geographical basis, 77% of revenue was generated
in the Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East region, 16% in
the Asia, Australia region and 7% in the Americas region.
Exports from Germany accounted for 53% of overall rev-
enue. In fiscal 2020, orders for Siemens AG amounted to
€14.7 billion.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 47

The R&D intensity (R&D as a percentage of revenue) was
10%, nearly on the same level as fiscal 2019. The research
and development activities of Siemens AG are funda-
mentally the same as for its corresponding business ac-
tivities within the Siemens Group. On an average basis,
we employed 7,300 people in R&D in fiscal 2020.

The change in other operating income (expenses), net,
was mainly due to a gain of €9.5 billion related to
Siemens AG's transfer of the trademark “Siemens” to the
affiliated company Siemens Trademark GmbH & Co. KG,
Germany, in fiscal 2019. In fiscal 2020 other operating
expenses included primarily expenses in connection with
the valuation of an investment as well as expenses re-

lated to the carve-out of the Siemens Energy business.

The increase in financial income, net was primarily at-
tributable to higher income from investments, net. In
fiscal 2020 we recorded a number of major changes com-
pared to fiscal 2019, including income of €1.3 billion from
the profit transfer agreement with Siemens Beteiligungen
Inland GmbH, Germany; income of €1.4 billion from the
investment in Siemens Holdings plc, Ltd., United Kingdom;
and a gain of €2.1 billion from the disposal of Siemens
Limited, India. These factors were partly offset by an
impairment of €1.3 billion on the shares in Siemens
Energy AG. Financial income, net, also included an
impairment of a loan receivable of €0.5 billion related to
an investment.

The change in income taxes was primarily due to the
recognition of deferred tax liabilities related to the
transfer of the trademark “Siemens” in fiscal 2019.


--- Page 47 ---

Combined Management Report —> A.9 Siemens AG

A.9.2 Net assets and financial

position

Statement of Financial Position of Siemens AG in accordance with German Commercial Code (condensed)

Sep 30,
(in millions of €) 2020 2019 % Change
ASSETS.
Non-current assets
Intangible and tangible assets 1,122 1,884 (40)%
Financial assets 74,877 73,158 2%
75,999 75,043 1%
Current assets
Inventories, receivables and other assets 16,937 19,752 (14)%
Cash and cash equivalents, other securities 8,786 4,489 96%
25,724 24,241 6%
Prepaid expenses 133 147 (10)%
Deferred tax assets 1,034 829 25%
Active difference resulting from offsetting 85 68 26%
Total assets 102,975 100,328 3%
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Equity 18,917 30,428 (38)%
Special reserve with an equity portion 619 668 (7)%
Provisions
Provisions for pensions and similar commitments. 11,700 12,343 (5)%
Provisions for taxes and other provisions 4,323 5,616 (23)%
16,023 17,959 (11)%
Liabilities
Liabilities to banks 98 27 >200%
Advance payments received - 1,841 (100)%
Trade payables, liabilities to affiliated companies
and other liabilities 67,047 49,079 37%
67,145 50,947 32%
Deferred income 271 326 (17)%
Total lial ‘ies and equity 102,975 100,328 3%

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 48


--- Page 48 ---

Combined Management Report —> A.9 Siemens AG

The changes in financial assets included in particular the
contributions of the line of business “Gas and Power,”
cash, interests in domestic and foreign investments of the
Siemens Energy business, including shares in Siemens
Gamesa Renewable Energy, S.A., Spain, to Siemens
Energy Global GmbH & Co. KG in return for the issuance
of shares. These shares issued amounted in total to
€20.3 billion. As the following steps, it also included the
contribution of interests in Siemens Energy Global
GmbH &Co. KG of €7.6 billion to Siemens Energy AG, in
return for the issuance of shares. Interests in Siemens
Energy Global GmbH & Co. KG of €12.7 billion were con-
tributed in the context of a spin-off in return for the issu-
ance of shares in Siemens Energy AG to the shareholder

of Siemens AG.

Cash and cash equivalents, other securities was signifi-
cantly affected by the spin-off of Siemens Energy and
the liquidity management of the Corporate Treasury of
Siemens AG, which was focused not solely on business
activities of Siemens AG. The liquidity management is
based on the financing policy of the Siemens Group,
which is aimed towards a balanced financing portfolio,
a diversified maturity profile and a comfortable liquid-

ity cushion.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 49

The decrease in equity was attributable to a decrease in
retained earnings of €12.7 billion due to the spin-off of
Siemens Energy, dividends paid in fiscal 2020 (for fiscal
2019) of €3.2 billion, and share buybacks during the year
amounting to €1.5 billion. These factors were partly off-
set by net income for the year of €5.3 billion, and the
transfer of treasury shares to employees in connection
with our share-based payments programs amounting
to €0.6 billion. The equity ratio as of September 30,
2020 and 2019 was 18% and 30%, respectively. For the
disclosures in accordance with Section 160 para. 1 no.2
of the German Stock Corporation Act about treasury
shares, refer to 2 NoTE15 Of OUF 7 ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATE-
MENTS OF SIEMENS AG for the fiscal year ended Septem-
ber 30, 2020.

The increase in trade payables, liabilities to affiliated
companies and other liabilities was due to higher liabil-
ities to affiliated companies mainly relating to intra-group
financing activities, including funding activities in con-
nection with the spin-off of Siemens Energy.

A9.3 Corporate Governance
statement

The Corporate Governance statement pursuant to Sec-
tions 289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code is
an integral part of the Combined Management Report
and is presented in a c.4.2 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT
PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 289F AND 315D OF THE GERMAN COMMER-

CIAL CODE.


--- Page 49 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

A.10

Compensation Report

This report describes the compensation system and the
compensation of the members of the Managing Board
and the Supervisory Board of Siemens AG for fiscal 2020.
It provides detailed and individualized explanations of
the structure and amount of the individual components

of Managing and Supervisory Board compensation.

The report is based on the requirements of the German
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch, HGB), the German
Accounting Standards (Deutsche Rechnungslegungs-
standards, DRS) and the International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS). It also includes previously selected volun-
tary disclosures in accordance with the substantive require-
ments of the German Act on the Implementation of the
Second Shareholder Rights Directive (Gesetz zur Umsetzung
der zweiten Aktiondrsrechterichtlinie, ARUG II) of Decem-
ber 12, 2019, such as detailed information on the applica-
tion of performance criteria in variable compensation.

A.10.1. Compensation of
Managing Board members

A.10.1.1 Compensation system
RESPONSIBILITY FOR ESTABLISHING

MANAGING BOARD COMPENSATION

The compensation system for Siemens’ Managing Board
members is established by the Supervisory Board. The
Compensation Committee of the Supervisory Board de-
velops corresponding recommendations and prepares, in
particular, the proposals for decisions by the Supervisory
Board’s plenary meetings. The Supervisory Board may
consult external advisors when necessary. The system
approved by the Supervisory Board is then presented to

the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting for endorsement.

The current compensation system for the members of
the Managing Board of Siemens AG has been in place
since fiscal 2020 and was endorsed at the Annual Share-
holders’ Meeting on February 5, 2020 by a majority of
94.51%.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 50

BASIC PRINCIPLES OF THE MANAGING BOARD
COMPENSATION SYSTEM

The Managing Board compensation system contributes
to the execution of the Company’s strategy: The com-
pensation system is designed to motivate Managing
Board members to achieve the strategic goals defined in
“Vision 2020+.” The system promotes innovation and
fosters incentives for the Company’s value-creating and
long-term development while avoiding excessive risks.

The Supervisory Board makes decisions regarding the de-
sign of the compensation system and the structure and
amount of the Managing Board members’ compensation
with due consideration of the following principles:

Compensation > Extraordinary performance should

linked to be appropriately rewarded, and

performance failure to achieve targets should
lead to an appreciable reduction of
compensation.

Consideration + Compensation takes into account

of the collective the individual performance of

and individual Managing Board members in their

performance of
Managing Board

respective areas of responsibility.
Overall responsibility for the

members Company's long-term development
is represented by targets set at
the Group level. These targets
apply equally to all Managing
Board members.

Compatibility + The compensation system for

of compensation Managing Board members also

systems extends to the other management

levels in the Group.

Appropriateness
of compensation

> The compensation of Managing
Board members should conform
to market conditions and be appro-
priate for the Company's size,
complexity and economic situation.



--- Page 50 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

COMPONENTS AND STRUCTURE OF MANAGING
BOARD COMPENSATION

The compensation of the members of the Managing
Board of Siemens AG comprises fixed and variable com-
ponents. Fixed, non-performance-based compensation
comprises base salary, fringe benefits and a pension
commitment. Short-term variable compensation (Bonus)
and long-term variable compensation (Stock Awards) are
granted as performance-based compensation and are
thus variable.

In addition, the Share Ownership Guidelines are a further
key component of the compensation system. They obli-
gate Managing Board members to permanently hold
Siemens shares worth a defined multiple of their base
salary and to purchase additional shares in the event that

the value of their shares falls below the defined multiple.

The Managing Board compensation system is also sup-
plemented by appropriate and market-based commit-
ments granted in connection with the commencement
and termination of appointments to the Managing Board

as well as any change in the regular place of work.

Components comprising the Managing Board compensation system

Total target compensation

Fixed components

Variable components

Share Ownership
Guidelines

Base salary Fringe benefits Short-term

variable compensation

(Bonus)
Pension commitment

Long-term
variable compensation
(Stock Awards)

The Supervisory Board determines, in accordance with
the compensation system, the amount of each Managing
Board member’s total target compensation for the up-
coming fiscal year. This determination is based on an
appropriate consideration of the Managing Board
member's tasks and performance and the Company’s
economic situation, performance and future prospects.

The Supervisory Board ensures that total target compen-
sation conforms to market conditions. For assessing the
market conformance of total compensation, compensa-
tion data for companies included in the DAX, the German
blue-chip stock index, and for comparable non-listed
companies (insofar as these are available) are consid-
ered. In view of Siemens’ international footprint,
compensation data for companies included in the

STOXX Europe 50 index are also considered. In this

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 51

horizontal market comparison, the Supervisory Board
considers Siemens’ market position, industry affiliation,
size and global presence. In addition, the Supervisory
Board considers the development of Managing Board
compensation in relation to the compensation of the
employees of Siemens in Germany. In this vertical com-
parison, it conducts a market comparison of the ratio of
Managing Board compensation to the compensation of
upper management and the wider workforce with the
corresponding ratios at companies included in the DAX.
For this purpose, the Supervisory Board has defined
upper management as the executive employees in the
Senior Management and Top Management contract
groups. The wider workforce is divided into employees
who are covered by collective bargaining agreements
and those who are not.


--- Page 51 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

The compensation system enables the Supervisory Board
to define total target compensation according to the
function of each Managing Board member and thus to
consider the different requirements for each function
when defining both the absolute amount and the struc-
ture of compensation. In doing so, the Supervisory Board
ensures that the proportions of total target compensa-
tion represented by each of the individual compensation

components are within the following percentage ranges:

> fixed compensation: minimum 36% to maximum
43% of total target compensation

— short-term variable compensation (Bonus): minimum
20% to maximum 28% of total target compensation

> long-term variable compensation (Stock Awards):
minimum 30% to maximum 42% of total target com-
pensation.

FIXED COMPENSATION COMPONENTS
Fixed, non-performance-based compensation comprises
the base salary, fringe benefits and the pension commit-

ment.

Base salary
Each Managing Board member receives a base salary,
which is paid in 12 monthly installments.

Fringe benefits

Amaximum value of fringe benefits for the upcoming fiscal
year is established for each Managing Board member. For
this purpose, the Supervisory Board determines an amount
relative to base salary. This amount covers expenses in-
curred to the benefit of the Managing Board member, for
example, in-kind compensation and fringe benefits granted
by the Company, including the provision of a company car,
insurance allowances and medical check-ups.

Pension commitment

Like the employees of Siemens AG, the members of the
Managing Board are included for the most part in the
Siemens Defined Contribution Pension Plan (BSAV). Under
the BSAV, Managing Board members receive contribu-
tions that are credited to their pension accounts. Newly
appointed members of the Managing Board can be
granted, instead of a BSAV contribution, a fixed cash
amount that he or she can freely dispose of.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 52

If a member of the Managing Board earned a pension
entitlement from the Company before the BSAV was in-
troduced, a portion of his or her contributions will go
toward financing this legacy entitlement.

Other essential characteristics of the BSAV for Managing
Board members are summarized in the following table:

Entitlement > Upon request, on or after reaching the
age of 62 for pension commitments
made on or after January 1, 2012
+ Upon request, on or after reaching
the age of 60 for pension commit-
ments made before January 1, 2012

Vested status > In accordance with the provisions of
the German Company Pensions Act
(Betriebsrentengesetz)

Disbursement > Asa rule, in 12 yearly installments;

other payment options, on request,
are: ten or 11 installments, a lump sum
payment and an annuitization with

or without survivors’ benefits as well
as a combination of these options

Guaranteed + Annual guaranteed interest credited
interest to the pension account until benefits
are first drawn (currently: 0.9%)

Disability/death — The risk that benefits may have to
be drawn before the age of 60 due
to disability or death is mitigated by
crediting contributions from the age
at the time benefits are first drawn
until the covered individual reaches
or would have reached the age of 60.

Like other eligible employees of Siemens AG, Managing
Board members who were employed by the Company
before September 30, 1983 are entitled to transition pay-
ments equal to the difference between the last base
salary and the pension entitlement under the Company
pension plan in the first six months after retirement.

VARIABLE COMPENSATION COMPONENTS

The variable, performance-based compensation of Man-
aging Board members is tied to performance and aligned
with the Company’s short- and long-term development.
It consists of a short-term component (Bonus) and a long-
term component (Stock Awards).


--- Page 52 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

The final payout amount from both components depends
on the fulfillment of financial and non-financial perfor-
mance criteria. Performance criteria are derived from the

Company's strategic goals and operational steering. In

line with Siemens’ social responsibility, sustainability is
also included in the performance criteria. Ultimately, the
performance criteria measure successful value creation
in all its different forms, as strategically envisioned.

Performance criteria for variable compensation

Bonus

Profit Profitability/ Growth Liquidity Execution Sustainability Long-term
capital efficiency of Company value creation
strategy
Stock Awards
lm financial ME non-financial

The Supervisory Board ensures that targets are demanding
and ambitious. If they are not met, variable compensation
can be reduced to as little as zero. If the targets are sub-
stantially exceeded, target attainment is limited to 200%.

In addition, there are malus and clawback regulations
that allow the Supervisory Board to withhold or reclaim
both short-term and long-term variable compensation in

certain cases.

Short-term variable compensation (Bonus)
Short-term variable compensation (Bonus) rewards the
contribution in a fiscal year to the operational execution
of the Company’s strategy and therefore also to the
Company’s long-term performance. The Bonus system is
based on three equally weighted target dimensions,
which take account of the overall responsibility of the
Managing Board as well as the Managing Board mem-
bers’ respective business responsibilities and their indi-
vidual challenges:

> “Siemens Group”
The dimension “Siemens Group” reflects the Managing
Board's overall responsibility and measures the per-
formance of the Siemens Group in its entirety, as the
sum of the contributions of each individual part of the
Company.

— “Managing Board portfolio”
The dimension “Managing Board portfolio” focuses on
the business activities for which each Managing Board

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 53

member is responsible and measures his or her perfor-
mance based on the predefined portfolio strategy. In
the case of mainly functional responsibility (for exam-
ple, the President and CEO and the Chief Financial
Officer), the performance of the Siemens Group is
considered.

“Individual targets”

A minimum of two and a maximum of four individual
targets allow for further differentiation depending on
the specific strategic and operational challenges of
each Managing Board member.

Performance criteria are assigned to each of the three
target dimensions based on Company priorities and the
responsibilities of each Managing Board member. The fo-
cus is on short-term measures that execute the Company’s
strategy, such as strengthening earnings and ensuring

profitability/capital efficiency and liquidity.

One financial performance criterion is assigned to the
“Siemens Group” dimension and another to the “Manag-
ing Board portfolio” dimension. The fulfillment of these
criteria is measured on the basis of key performance indi-
cators. These key performance indicators are predomi-
nantly operational steering parameters derived from the
Company's strategic direction. They are based on the
Siemens Financial Framework and are also, as a rule, part
of the Company’s external financial reporting. See chap-

ter 7 A.2 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE SYSTEM.


--- Page 53 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

Growth and liquidity can both be employed as financial
performance criteria in the “Individual targets” dimen-
sion, as can additional non-financial performance cri-
teria. In the case of non-financial performance criteria,
the Supervisory Board considers the degree to which a
Managing Board member has fulfilled so-called focus
topics, which comprise both operational aspects of the
execution of the Company’s strategy — such as business
performance, the execution of large-scale projects, opti-
mization and efficiency enhancement — as well as sus-
tainability aspects — such as diversity, ownership culture,

customer satisfaction, employee satisfaction and succes-

sion planning.

After the end of the fiscal year, target attainment for the
key performance indicators for the target dimensions
“Siemens Group” and “Managing Board portfolio” and the
attainment for the individual targets are determined and
aggregated to form a weighted average. The percentage
of weighted target attainment multiplied by the individ-
ual target amount yields the Bonus payout amount for
the past fiscal year. The payable Bonus is limited to two

times the target amount and is disbursed entirely in cash.

Bonus design and calculation of payout amount

Short-term 33.34% Siemens Group Weighted Target Bonus payout
variable average target amount amount
compensation attainment

(Bonus) 33.33% Managing Board portfolio (0-200%) x =

33.33% Individual targets

Long-term variable compensation (Stock Awards)

The Managing Board is required to commit itself to the
Company’s long-term success, promote sustainable
growth and achieve long-lasting value creation. In accor-
dance with these principles, a significant part of total
compensation is tied to the long-term performance of
the Siemens share. Siemens grants long-term variable
compensation in the form of Stock Awards. A Stock
Award is the claim to one share — conditional on target
attainment — after the expiration of a defined vesting

period.

Granting of Stock Awards

At the beginning of a fiscal year, the Supervisory Board
defines a target amount in euros based on 100% target
attainment for each Managing Board member. This
target amount is multiplied using target attainment of
200% (“maximum grant amount”). Stock Awards for
this maximum grant amount are then granted to the
beneficiary. The number of Stock Awards is calculated by

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 54

dividing the maximum grant amount by the price of the
Siemens share on the grant date, less the estimated
discounted dividends (“grant price”). An approximately
four-year vesting period begins with the granting of
Stock Awards, after the expiration of which Siemens
shares are transferred. Beneficiaries are not entitled to
dividends during the vesting period.

Performance criteria

Since fiscal 2020, the number of Siemens shares that are
actually transferred depends 80% on the financial per-
formance criterion “long-term value creation,” measured
on the basis of total shareholder return (TSR), and 20% on
the non-financial performance criterion “sustainability.”
For measuring the sustainability criterion, Siemens AG's
performance in the area of Environmental, Social & Gover-
nance (ESG) is assessed on the basis of a Siemens internal
ESG/Sustainability index, the composition of which is

determined annually by the Supervisory Board.


--- Page 54 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

Total shareholder return — TSR is indicative of the perfor-
mance of a share over a period of time — in the case of
Siemens, during the approximately four-year vesting
period. It includes the dividends paid and any changes
in the share price during this period. To reflect the
Company’s international footprint, the TSR of Siemens AG
is compared at the end of the vesting period with the
TSR of an international sector index, the MSCI World

Industrials or a comparable successor index.

Target attainment for TSR is specifically determined by
first calculating a TSR reference value for Siemens AG and
a TSR reference value for the sector index. The TSR refer-

ence value is equal to the average of the end-of-month

values over the first 12 months of the vesting period
(reference period).

In order to determine at the end of the vesting period
how well the TSR of Siemens AG has performed in com-
parison to the sector index, the TSR performance value is
calculated over the subsequent 36 months (performance
period). The TSR performance value is the average of the

end-of-month values during the performance period.

At the end of the vesting period, the change in Siemens’
TSR as well as that of the sector index is determined by
comparing the TSR values for the reference period with
those for the performance period.

Calculation of TSR reference values and TSR performance values for Stock Awards

vay

FYn1

FYns3
>

>
Nov oct Nov

SPHSHHSHHOOOSD

oct

SPHSSHHSHSHSSHSHSHSHSHSHHHSHHHHHHHHHOHOOOD

e 2 c
12 months 36 months
TSR reference values for

> MSCI World Industrials
> Siemens AG

TSR performance values for
> MSCI World Industrials
+ Siemens AG

The following applies for the determination of target at-
tainment:

— If the change in the TSR of Siemens AG is at least
20 percentage points above that of the sector index,
target attainment is 200%.

— If the change in the TSR of Siemens AG is equal to that
of the sector index, target attainment is 100%.

> If the change in the TSR of Siemens AG is at least
20 percentage points below that of the sector index,

target attainment is 0%.

If the change in the TSR of Siemens AG is between
20 percentage points above and 20 percentage points
below that of the sector index, target attainment is
calculated using linear interpolation.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 55

Environmental, Social & Governance — The Siemens
internal ESG/Sustainability index consists of three equally
weighted, structured and verifiable ESG key performance
indicators. At the beginning of each tranche, the Super-
visory Board sets ambitious target values for each of the
ESG key performance indicators. Targets are measured
based on pre-defined interim targets for each fiscal year.
Target attainment for the Siemens internal ESG/Sustain-
ability index is finally determined at the end of the
approximately four-year vesting period based on
the weighted average of the target attainment values
calculated for each of the key performance indicators.


--- Page 55 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

Determination of total target attainment

At the end of the approximately four-year vesting period,
the Supervisory Board determines the degree of target
attainment. The target attainment range for TSR and the
Siemens internal ESG/Sustainability index is between 0%
and 200%. If target attainment is less than 200%, a num-
ber of Siemens Stock Awards equivalent to the shortfall
are forfeited without refund or replacement and an ac-

The value of the Siemens shares transferred after the ex-
piration of the vesting period is further limited to a max-
imum of 300% of the target amount. If this ceiling is
exceeded, a corresponding number of Stock Awards will
be forfeited without refund or replacement.

The remaining Stock Awards are settled by the transfer
of Siemens shares to the relevant Managing Board

cordingly reduced number of shares will be transferred. | member.
Calculation of the number of Siemens shares
FYn FY net FYns2 FYne3

Number Target attainment:
of Stock 0-200%
Awards

Total Shareholder
X Return (TSR)
80%

Payout cap:
300% of target value

Final number
of shares

Environmental,
Social & Governance (ESG) =
20%

Further provisions for Stock Awards

In the event of exceptional, unforeseen events that have
an influence on the performance criteria, the Supervisory
Board may decide that the number of granted Stock
Awards will be reduced after the fact, that only a cash
settlement of a limited amount to be determined will
take place instead of a transfer of Siemens shares or that
the transfer of Siemens shares for vested Stock Awards
will be suspended until the event ceases to influence the
performance criteria.

If the employment contract of a Managing Board mem-
ber begins during a fiscal year, an equivalent number of
forfeitable virtual Stock Awards (Phantom Stock Awards)
will be granted instead of Stock Awards. Unlike Stock
Awards, Phantom Stock Awards will not be settled by a
transfer of shares, but by a cash payment after the expi-
ration of the vesting period. The remaining provisions

applicable to the Stock Awards apply analogously.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 56

With regard to the further terms of the Stock Awards,
the same principles apply in general to the Managing
Board and to executive employees. These principles are
explained in 7 NoTE26iN 7 B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINAN-

CIAL STATMENTS.

MAXIMUM COMPENSATION LIMITS

Maximum compensation is determined annually by the
Supervisory Board for each Managing Board member in
accordance with Section 87a para.1 sent. 2 No.1 of the
German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz, AktG).
Maximum compensation is equal to the sum of the max-
imum amounts that can be paid out to each Managing
Board member for all compensation components for the
given fiscal year and is calculated by adding base salary,
maximum fringe benefits, BSAV contribution (or cash
amount at the member's free disposal) as well as two
times the Bonus target amount and three times the Stock

Awards target amount.


--- Page 56 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

SHARE OWNERSHIP GUIDELINES

Under the Siemens Share Ownership Guidelines, Manag-
ing Board members are obligated to permanently hold
Siemens shares of an amount equal to a multiple of their
base salary — 300% for the President and CEO and 200%
for the other members of the Managing Board — during
their terms of office on the Managing Board, following an
initial four-year build-up phase. The average base salary
received by each member of the Managing Board in the
four years before the applicable verification date is rele-
vant for this purpose.

Fulfillment of this obligation must be verified for the first
time after the four-year build-up phase and annually
thereafter. If share price fluctuations cause the value of
the accumulated shareholding to fall below the respec-
tive amounts to be verified, the Managing Board member

will be obligated to purchase additional shares.

DEDUCTION OF COMPENSATION FOR MANAGING
BOARD MEMBERS’ SECONDARY ACTIVITIES

The acceptance of public offices, seats on supervisory
boards (including any committee memberships), boards
of directors, advisory boards and comparable bodies and
of appointments to scientific bodies are subject to prior
approval by the Chairman’s Committee of the Super-
visory Board. As a rule, approval is not granted for more
than two supervisory board positions or comparable
functions at listed companies outside the Group. If a Man-
aging Board member holds a supervisory board position
within the Group, the compensation received for such a
position will be deducted from his or her Managing Board
compensation. If supervisory board positions outside the
Group are accepted, the Supervisory Board will decide at
its duty-bound discretion on a case-by-case basis whether
and to what extent the compensation for such positions
is to be deducted. In this context, particular consideration
will be given to the extent to which the activity is in the
interest of the Company or the Managing Board member.

Memberships on supervisory boards whose establish-
ment is required by law or on comparable domestic or
foreign controlling bodies of business enterprises are
listed in chapter 7 c.4.1 MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL STRUCTURE

in 7 c.4 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 57

COMMITMENTS GRANTED IN CONNECTION

WITH THE COMMENCEMENT OF MANAGING BOARD
APPOINTMENTS OR A CHANGE IN THE REGULAR
PLACE OF WORK

Upon the commencement of Managing Board member-
ship or if the regular place of work is changed at the re-
quest of the Company, the Supervisory Board will decide
on the basis of a proposal by the Compensation Commit-
tee whether and to what extent, in addition to the regu-
lar fringe benefits, the following compensation and/or
benefits will be granted under the Managing Board

member's individual employment contract:

+ Compensation for the loss of benefits from the
previous employer
Depending on whether the compensation and/or
benefits granted by a previous employer (for exam-
ple, long-term variable compensation grants or pen-
sion commitments) are lost by reason of moving to
Siemens AG, the Supervisory Board may grant com-
pensation in the form of (usually Phantom) Stock
Awards, special contributions within the scope of the
BSAV or cash payments.

— Moving expenses
If the appointment as a member of the Managing
Board or a change of the regular place of work at the
request of the Company requires the Managing Board
member to move to a new residence, moving ex-
penses will be reimbursed up to an appropriate maxi-
mum amount to be specified in the individual employ-

ment contract.

COMMITMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH

THE TERMINATION OF MANAGING BOARD
APPOINTMENTS

The compensation system also governs the amount of
compensation a Managing Board member receives if his
or her Managing Board appointment is terminated early.
Depending on the reason for the termination, the follow-
ing provisions apply to compensation guaranteed upon

departure from office:

Termination due to regular expiration of term

of office

No severance payments or special pension contributions
are made.


--- Page 57 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

Termination by mutual agreement

In the event of an early termination of membership on
the Managing Board by mutual agreement and without
serious cause, Managing Board members’ employment
contracts provide for a severance payment:

Basis for > Base salary plus actual short-term variable compen-

calculation sation received in the last fiscal year before termi-
nation and granted long-term variable compensation

Limit + Not more than two years’ annual compensation and

(severance cap)

not more than the member would receive for the
remaining term of his or her employment contract

Payment >

In the month of departure

Special pension >
contribution;
one-time

>

Based on the contribution that the Managing Board
member received in the prior year and on the
remaining term of his or her appointment

Limited to not more than the contributions for two
years (cap)

Increase/ >
discount

Severance payment will be reduced by 5% as a lump
sum allowance for discounting and for earnings
obtained elsewhere if the remaining term of office

is more than six months.

Reduction refers only to that portion of the severance
payment that was determined without consideration
of the first six months of the remaining term of
office.

In-kind benefits are compensated for by a payment
of 5% of the severance amount.

Deduction >

In the event of a post-contractual non-compete
agreement, the severance payment and special
pension contribution shall be taken into account
in the calculation of any compensation payments.

Early termination at the request of the Managing

Board member or termination for cause by the

Company

No severance payments or special pension contributions

are made.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 58

Change of control

For newly concluded Managing Board employment con-
tracts (first-time appointments) or the extension of these
contracts, there are no special provisions for the event
that a change of control occurs, that is, neither special

rights to terminate the contract nor severance payments.

The following is applicable for existing Managing Board

employment contracts:

If a change of control occurs, as a consequence of which
the role of a Managing Board member significantly
changes, the Managing Board member is entitled to
terminate his or her employment contract. If this right
of termination is exercised, the Managing Board member
is entitled to a severance payment for the remainder of
his or her term of office.

Basis for calculation -> Base salary plus the target amount
for the Bonus and the target amount
for Stock Awards, each based on the
values for the last fiscal year before

contract termination

Limit + Two years’ annual compensation
(severance cap)

Increase/discount > Severance payment will be reduced

by 10% as a lump-sum allowance

for discounting and for earnings

obtained elsewhere.

> The reduction shall apply to the
portion of the severance payment
calculated for the period following
the first six months of the remaining
contract term.

> In-kind benefits will be covered by
a payment of 5% of the severance
payment as a lump sum.

Stock Awards + Stock-based compensation compo-
nents granted by the Company

in the past remain unaffected

There is no entitlement to severance payment if the Man-
aging Board member receives payments from third parties
on the occasion of, or in connection with, a change of
control. Furthermore, there is no right of termination if
the change of control takes place within 12 months before
the Managing Board member reaches retirement age.


--- Page 58 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

THE COMPENSATION SYSTEM AT A GLANCE
The following chart provides an overview of all compo-

nents of the compensation system:

Overview of the compensation system for Managing Board members

Compensation Design of compensation Maximum payout Maximum Other design
components components (in % of target amount) compensation characteristics
B/ 4
z/ Ss Fixed Base salary Fringe benefits 100%" Sum of Share Ownership
= compensation maximum Guidelines
payout
Pension commitment from each
compensation
2 component
2 Short-term 33.34% 33.33% 33.33% 200% for the Extra- Malus
3 variable Siemens Group Managing Board —_ Individual relevant ordinary
3 compensation portfolio targets fiscal year develop- —_Claw-
(Bonus) ments back
5 Long-term 80% 300%
2 variable Total shareholder return (TSR) Environmental,
s compensation compared to Social & Governance (ESG)
& (Gielen) MSCI World Industrials

Severance cap

1. Fringe benefits are reimbursed up to a maximum amount set by the Supervisory Board.

A.10.1.2. Compensation of the members
of the Managing Board for fiscal 2020

This section describes the concrete application of the
compensation system for the members of the Managing
Board of Siemens AG in fiscal 2020. It provides detailed
information and background regarding total Managing
Board compensation, target setting and target attainment
for variable compensation as well as individualized dis-
closures regarding the compensation of each Managing
Board member for fiscal 2020.

TOTAL COMPENSATION

In accordance with the applicable accounting princi-
ples, the total compensation of all Managing Board
members for fiscal 2020 totaled €26.53 million (2019:
€33.04 million). This amount corresponds to a decrease
of 19.7%. Of total compensation, €15.28 million (2019:
€21.97 million) was attributable to cash compensation
and €11.25 million (2019: €11.07 million) was attributable

to stock-based compensation (Stock Awards).
In fiscal 2020, total compensation, excluding fringe ben-

efits, underwent a regular, upward adjustment of 3.0%
to the benefit of the target amount for long-term variable

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 59

compensation (Stock Awards). This increase was based,
among other things, on adjustments to the compensa-
tion of other employee groups within the Siemens Group.

In addition, the Supervisory Board exercised its option to
differentiate the compensation of three members of the
Managing Board in fiscal 2020. As in previous years, all
components of Joe Kaeser’s compensation were differ-
entiated due to his function as President and CEO. The
target amount of Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas’s Stock Awards
was differentiated due to his particular responsibility as
CFO. Dr. Roland Busch’s base salary and the target amount
of his Stock Awards were differentiated due to his ap-
pointment as Deputy CEO. Compared to the previous
year, this differentiation resulted in an adjustment of
Dr. Roland Busch’s total compensation, excluding fringe
benefits, by 15% upwards, effective October 1, 2019. Due
to his assumption, among other things, of the overarching
coordination of Digital Industries, Smart Infrastructure
and Mobility, Dr. Busch’s total compensation, excluding
fringe benefits, was adjusted upwards by a further
12% to the benefit of his base salary and the target
amount of his Bonus, effective April 1, 2020.


--- Page 59 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

The internal review of the appropriateness of the com-
pensation of the Managing Board for fiscal 2020 estab-
lished that the Managing Board compensation resulting
from target attainment for fiscal 2020 is appropriate.

BASE SALARY

Base salary in fiscal 2020 was as follows:

— for the President and CEO, Joe Kaeser: €2,205,000

~ for the Deputy CEO, Dr. Roland Busch: €1,352,300

> for the other members of the Managing Board:
€1,101,600.

FRINGE BENEFITS

In fiscal 2020, Managing Board members were entitled
to fringe benefits equal to a maximum of 7.5% of their
base salary (maximum fringe benefits). As an exception,
Lisa Davis was entitled to fringe benefits equal to a
maximum of 100% of her base salary in fiscal 2020 on the
basis of existing contractual commitments (in particular,
a currency adjustment).

PENSION BENEFIT COMMITMENT

For fiscal 2020, Managing Board members were granted
contributions under the Siemens Defined Contribution
Pension Plan (BSAV) totaling €4.5 million (2019: €5.6 mil-
lion) on the basis of a decision by the Supervisory Board
on September 18, 2019. Of this amount, €0.02 million
(2019: €0.02 million) related to the funding of pension
commitments earned prior to the transfer to the BSAV.

The expense recognized in fiscal 2020 as a service cost
under IFRS for Managing Board members’ entitlements
under the BSAV in fiscal 2020 totaled €5.5 million (2019:
€5.4 million).

Contributions under the BSAV are added to the individual
pension accounts in the January following each fiscal
year. Until pension payments begin, members’ pension
accounts are credited with an annual interest payment
(guaranteed interest) on January 1 of each year. The in-
terest rate is currently 0.90%.

The following table shows the individualized contribu-
tions (allocations) under the BSAV for fiscal 2020 and the
defined benefit obligations for pension commitments:

Defined benefit obligation

Total contri- for all pension commitments

butions for excluding deferred compensation’
(Amounts in €) 2020 2019 2020 2019
Managing Board members
in office as of September 30, 2020
Joe Kaeser 1,234,800 1,234,800 15,592,209 14,299,267
Dr. Roland Busch 616,896 616,896 6,566,101 6,071,233
Klaus Helmrich 616,896 616,896 7,026,562 6,473,904
Cedrik Neike 616,896 616,896 2,938,080 2,349,895
Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 616,896 616,896 6,702,858 6,184,498
Total 3,702,384 3,702,384 38,825,810 35,378,797
Former members of the Managing Board
Lisa Davis? 257,040 616,896 6,444,855 5,701,811
Janina Kugel 205,632 616,896 2,829,621 2,674,432
Michael Sen 308,448 616,896 2,432,671 1,862,660
Total 771,120 1,850,688 11,707,147 10,238,903

1 Deferred compensation totals €3,911,848 (2019: €4,125,612), including €3,512,020 for Joe Kaeser (2019: €3,703,123),
€342,276 for Klaus Helmrich (2019: €361,494) and €57,552 for Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas (2019: €60,995).

IN

In accordance with the provisions of the BSAV, benefits to be paid to Lisa Davis are not in any way secured or financed

through the trust associated with the Company's BSAV plan or with any other trust. They represent only an unsecured,
unfunded legal obligation on the part of the Company to pay such benefits in the future under certain conditions, and

the payout will only be made from the Company's general assets

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 60


--- Page 60 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

In fiscal 2020, former members of the Managing Board
and their surviving dependents received emoluments
within the meaning of Section 314 para. 1 No. 6b of the
German Commercial Code (HGB) totaling €15.96 million
(2019: €21.09 million).

The defined benefit obligation (DBO) of all pension com-
mitments to former members of the Managing Board and
their surviving dependents as of September 30, 2020 —
including to those members of the Managing Board who
left in fiscal 2020 — amounted to €176.5 million (2019:
€175.7 million). This figure is included in 7 note17 in

77 B.6 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

SHORT-TERM VARIABLE COMPENSATION (BONUS)
The Bonus target amounts for fiscal 2020 were as follows:

> for the President and CEO, Joe Kaeser: €2,205,000

+ for the Deputy CEO, Dr. Roland Busch: €1,277,300

> for the other members of the Managing Board:
€1,101,600.

“Siemens Group” target dimension

For the “Siemens Group” target dimension in fiscal 2020,
the Supervisory Board of Siemens AG approved the per-
formance criterion “profit,” measured in terms of basic
earnings per share (EPS). For both target setting and
target attainment, the average EPS of three consecutive
fiscal years is used. The averaged values take account
of the Company’s long-term performance and provide

incentives for a sustainable increase in profit.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 61

“Managing Board portfolio” target dimension

For the “Managing Board portfolio” target dimension in
fiscal 2020, the Supervisory Board of Siemens AG ap-
proved the performance criterion “profitability/capital
efficiency,” measured in terms of

> return on capital employed (ROCE) for Managing Board
members with primarily functional responsibility or

> the adjusted EBITA margin of the relevant business for
Managing Board members with business responsibility.

“Individual targets” target dimension

In addition to the aforementioned financial targets, the
Supervisory Board of Siemens AG established four equally
weighted “individual targets” for each Managing Board
member for fiscal 2020. These targets are related to the
Managing Board members’ specific areas of responsibility.

The individual targets “successful spin-off of Siemens
Energy” and “achievement of the “Vision 2020+” goals”
were established for all Managing Board members. The
performance criterion “liquidity” measured in terms of
the cash conversion rate was also established as an indi-
vidual target. For the Managing Board members with
functional responsibility, the cash conversion rate at the
Industrial Businesses is relevant. For the Managing Board
members with business responsibility, the cash conver-
sion rate at their respective businesses is relevant. For
Klaus Helmrich (Digital Industries) and Cedrik Neike
(Smart Infrastructure), a further individual target was
the performance criterion “growth” in the particular
business for which they are responsible. The other
individual targets for Managing Board members were
defined on the basis of the following focus topics:
succession planning, innovation performance, business
development, employee satisfaction, optimization/effi-
ciency enhancement and the implementation of other
strategic measures.


--- Page 61 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

Determination of target attainment
The targets and target attainment for the Bonus for

fiscal 2020 are summarized in the following table:

Target setting and target attainment for short-term variable compensation (Bonus)

Target dimension

"Siemens Group”
(Weighting 33.34%)

Managing Board members
in office as of

Target Performance range Actual Target
September 30, 2020 KPI amount?? (flooricap) value? attainment
Joe Kaeser
Dr. Roland Busch
Klaus Helmrich Earnings per share €6.99 €5.49 — €8.49 €6.18 46.00%

(EPS),’ basic
Cedrik Neike
Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas
Former members of
the Managing Board>
Janina Kugel .
Earnings per share €6.99 €5.49 — €8.49 €6.18 46.00%

. (EPS)," basic
Michael Sené
1 Continuing and discontinued operations.
2 Based on 100% target attainment.
3 The target value equals the average of EPS values in fiscal 2017, 2018 and 2019. The actual value results from the average EPS values

for fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020.

wis

granted in accordance with her severance agreement.

lo

The adjusted EBITA margin of Digital Industries was adjusted for portfolio effects, which reduced the calculated target attainment.
Excluding Lisa Davis, who left the Company as of February 29, 2020, and to whom a pro-rated Bonus of €476,962 for fiscal 2020 was

In accordance with his severance agreement, Michael Sens’ entitlement to a Bonus for the first six months of fiscal 2020

(October 1, 2019, to March 31, 2020), will be settled in accordance with the terms of his employment contract and the actual
degree of target attainment, subject to the provision that Michael Sen will receive 50% (pro rata temporis) of the actual bonus
achieved. For the second six months of fiscal 2020 (April 1, 2020, to September 30, 2020), his Bonus is set at 100% of the

pro-rated target amount - that is, at a gross amount of €550,800.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 62


--- Page 62 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

“Managing Board portfolio” _—“Individual targets” Total target
(Weighting 33.33%) (Weighting 33.33%) attainment
Target Performance range Actual Target Target Total target
KPI amount? (flooricap) value attainment attainment attainment
Return on capital
employed (ROCE)* 9.63% 6.63% — 12.63% 7.82% 39.67% 135.50% 73.72%
Return on capital
employed (ROCE)* 9.63% 6.63% — 12.63% 7.82% 39.67% 125.50% 70.39%
Adjusted EBITA margin
Digital Industries* 17.38% 15.38% — 19.38% 17.02% 82.00% 130.00% 86.00%
Adjusted EBITA margin
Smart Infrastructure 9.97% 7.97% — 11.97% 9.09% 56.00% 137.50% 79.83%
Return on capital
employed (ROCE)* 9.63% 6.63% — 12.63% 7.82% 39.67% 135.50% 73.72%
Return on capital
employed (ROCE)* 9.63% 6.63% — 12.63% 7.82% 39.67% 105.50% 63.72%
Adjusted EBITA margin
Gas and Power 3.50% 0.50% — 6.50% 0.97% 15.67% 102.50% 54.72%

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 63


--- Page 63 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

LONG-TERM VARIABLE COMPENSATION
(STOCK AWARDS)

Information on the granting of the 2020 tranche
The Supervisory Board approved the following perfor-

mance criteria for the 2020 Stock Awards tranche:

> “Long-term value creation,” measured in terms of the
development of the total shareholder return (TSR) of
Siemens AG relative to the international sector index
MSCI World Industrials and

> “Sustainability,” measured in terms of a Siemens inter-
nal ESG/Sustainability index,’ which is based on the
following three equally weighted key performance
indicators: CO2 emissions (environmental), learning
hours per employee (social), and Net Promoter Score

(governance).

The time sequence for the 2020 Stock Awards tranche is

set out in the following chart:

Time sequence for the 2020 Stock Awards tranche

Grant and four-year vesting period
.

Transfer

Process sequence

ocr'19 Nov19 oct ‘20

Nov'20
+

2021 2022 SEP'23 OCT’23 Nov'23
+ + +

Performance
measurement

e rs
TSR reference period

.
TSR performance period

ESG performance measurement based on interim targets for each fiscal year

The grant price applicable for the 2020 tranche was
€95.80. The Supervisory Board set the grant date at
November 8, 2019. The target amounts, the maximum
grant values and the maximum number of Stock Awards

granted to each Managing Board member were as follows:

1 ESG stands for “Environmental, Social & Governance.”

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 64


--- Page 64 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

Information on the grant of the 2020 Stock Awards tranche

Target amount
(based on 100% target attainment)

(based on 200% target attainment)

Maximum number of Stock Awards
(based on 200% target attainment)

Maximum grant value

Managing Board members
in office as of

Total shareholder
return

ESG/Sustainability
index

September 30, 2020 (Weighting 80%) (Weighting 20%)
Joe Kaeser €2,516,000 €5,032,000 42,021 10,505
Dr. Roland Busch €1,594,000 €3,188,000 26,622 6,656
Klaus Helmrich €1,259,000 €2,518,000 21,027 5,257
Cedrik Neike €1,259,000 €2,518,000 21,027 5,257
Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas €1,544,000 €3,088,000 25,787 6,447
Former members of

the Managing Board

Lisa Davis* €524,583 €1,049,167 8,761 2,190
Janina Kugel? €419,667 €839,333 7,009 1,752
Michael Sen? €629,500 €1,259,000 10,514 2,628
1 Pro-rated target amount for the period from October 1, 2019, to February 29, 2020.

2. Pro-rated target amount for the period from October 1, 2019, to January 31, 2020.

3 Pro-rated target amount for the period from October 1, 2019, to March 31, 2020.

Concrete target setting and the degree of target attain-
ment for total shareholder return and the Siemens inter-
nal ESG/Sustainability index for the 2020 Stock Awards
tranche will be published in the Compensation Report

after the expiration of the vesting period.

Determination of target attainment for

the 2016 tranche

The 2016 Stock Awards tranche depended on the per-
formance of the Siemens share compared to the share
performance of relevant competitors during the roughly
four-year vesting period from November 2015 through
October 2019.

Target attainment for the 2016 Stock Awards tranche

Performance of the Siemens share compared to the share performance of relevant competitors

Reference Performance Reference price vs.
price price performance price
ABB CHF19.17  CHF21.99 14.68%
GE $29.21 $16.44 (43.73) %
MHI/ Toshiba’ ¥4,555.58 ¥4,308.66 (4.50) %
Rockwell $111.60 $168.61 51.08%
Schneider €53.86 €69.38 28.81%
Competitors (average) MN 9.27% A= 6.10
percentage

Siemens AG €95.53  €110.21 MN 15.37% points

Target attainment: 131%

1. The reported relative deviation of (4.50)% also takes into account Toshiba's performance, which is factored into the reported deviation

on a weighted basis for seven months. Toshiba's reference price was ¥2,682.26,

and its performance price was ¥2,663.83, yielding a

relative deviation of (0.69)%. MH\'s relative deviation was (5.42)%, with a weighting of 29 months.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 65


--- Page 65 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

The following table provides a summary of the key para-
meters of the 2016 Stock Awards tranche:

Overview of the 2016 Stock Awards tranche

Target amount Grant price Number of Target Number of Value at the day
(based on Stock Awards attainment Stock Awards? of transfer?
100% target. November granted share price calculated November
attainment) 13, 2015 performance 11,2019
Managing Board
members in office as
of September 30, 2020
Joe Kaeser €2,120,000 / €75.60 28,043 x 131% = 36,737 ) €4,105,778.12
Dr. Roland Busch €1,080,000 / €75.60 14,286 x 131% = 18,715 > €2,091,614.38
Klaus Helmrich €1,080,000 / €75.60 14,286 x 131% = 18,715 > €2,091,614.38
Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas €1,080,000 / €75.60 14,286 x 131% = 18,715 ) €2,091,614.38
Former members of
the Managing Board
Lisa Davis €1,080,000 / €75.60 14,286 x 131% = 18,715 > €2,091,614.38
Janina Kugel €1,040,000 / €75.60 13,757 x 131% = 18,022 ) €2,014,163.74
1. In accordance with plan requirements, the 2016 Stock Awards tranche was settled by the transfer of Siemens shares up to
a target attainment of 100%. For the portion of target attainment above 100%, Managing Board members received a cash
payment in accordance with plan requirements.
2. The Stock Awards settled by share transfer were valued at the German low price of the Siemens share on November 11, 2019,
of €111.52; Stock Awards settled by cash payment were valued at the Xetra closing price on November 11, 2019, of €112.54.
Provisional target attainment for the
2017 to 2020 tranches
As of October 2020, provisional target attainment for the
2017 to 2020 tranches of the Stock Awards was as fol-
lows:
Provisional target attainment for the 2017 to 2020 Stock Awards tranches (as of October 2020)
Target
attainment
Tranche? Vesting period Performance criteria Reference period Performance period —_ (provisional)
2017 Nov. 2016 — Nov. 2020 Nov. 2016 — Oct. 2017 Nov. 2017 — Oct. 2020 89%
2018 Nov. 2017 = Nov.2021 Share price performance “"\5) 5977—Oct.2018 _ Nov.2018 ~ Oct. 2021 89%
compared to competitors
2019 Nov. 2018 — Nov. 2022 Nov. 2018 — Oct. 2019 Nov. 2019 — Oct. 2022 115%
2020 Nov. 2019 — Nov. 2023 TSR compared to
MSCI World Industrials Nov. 2019 — Oct. 2020 Nov. 2020 — Oct. 2023 -
ESG? - Oct. 2019 — Sep. 2023 92%

of relevant competitors during the roughly four-year vesting period.

IN

to the international sector index MSCI World Industrials and 20% on the Siemens internal ESG/Sustainability index.

Iw

The 2017 to 2019 tranches of the Stock Awards depend on the performance of the Siemens share compared to the share performance
The 2020 Stock Awards tranche depends 80% on the development of the total shareholder return (TSR) of Siemens AG compared

In fiscal 2020, the three ESG key performance indicators were strongly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, it was

decided not to measure the interim targets for fiscal 2020. The provisional target attainment shown is based on estimated target
attainments for the three ESG key performance indicators up to the end of the vesting period.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 66


--- Page 66 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

Review of the maximum amount

of total compensation

In the course of transferring the 2016 Stock Awards
tranche, compliance with the maximum amounts of total
compensation for fiscal 2016 was also reviewed. The
applicable maximum amount was not exceeded in the
case of any active or former Managing Board member.

Share Ownership Guidelines
The deadlines by which the individual Managing Board
members must first verify compliance with the Share

Ownership Guidelines vary from member to member,
depending on when they were appointed to the Manag-
ing Board. For Managing Board members in office as of
September 30, 2020, the following table shows the num-
ber of Siemens shares each held as of the March 2020
deadline for verifying compliance with the Share Owner-
ship Guidelines. It also shows the number of shares to
be held throughout their terms of office with a view to

future deadlines.

Obligations under the Share Ownership Guidelines

Required Verified
Percentage of Value* Number Percentage of Value? Number
base salary" in€ of shares? base salary" in€ of shares?
Managing Board members
in office as of September 30,
2020, and required to verify
compliance as of March 13, 2020
Joe Kaeser 300% 6,451,313 58,900 324% 6,971,804 63,652
Dr. Roland Busch 200% 2,188,200 19,978 239% 2,616,015 23,884
Klaus Helmrich 200% 2,156,950 19,693 259% 2,792,686 25,497
Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 200% 2,156,950 19,693 312% 3,367,500 30,745
Total 12,953,413 118,264 15,748,004 143,778

1. The amount of the obligation is based on the average base salary for the four years prior to the respective dates of verification.
2. Based on the average Xetra opening price of €109.53 for the fourth quarter of 2019 (October ~ December).
3

As of March 13, 2020 (date of verification).

BENEFITS IN CONNECTION WITH THE TERMINATION
OF MANAGING BOARD APPOINTMENTS

Janina Kugel’s appointment as a member of the Manag-
ing Board of Siemens AG ended regularly on January 31,
2020. In accordance with the provisions of her employ-
ment contract, no severance payment or special pension
contribution was made.

As part of the termination by mutual agreement of the
Managing Board appointment of Lisa Davis, it was agreed
that her appointment and employment contract would
end as of February 29, 2020, prior to the end of her con-
tractual term of office. All contractually committed ben-
efits continued to be granted until the termination date
of February 29, 2020. To settle her claims for the period
from the termination date of February 29, 2020, to the

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 67

regular end of her appointment and employment con-
tract on October 31, 2020, a severance payment in the
gross amount of €2,369,353, which was due and payable
on the termination date of February 29, 2020, was
agreed with Lisa Davis. In addition, Lisa Davis will receive
aspecial contribution to the BSAV of €411,264, which will
be credited to her pension account in January 2021.
Lisa Davis will receive the contractually agreed tax adjust-
ment and the currency adjustment for both the regular
payments until the termination date of February 29,
2020, and the severance payment on the basis of the
base salary included in the severance payment and the
pro-rated Bonus. In addition, she will receive the unad-
justed lump-sum payment for tax advisory services for
the calendar year 2020 in the gross amount of €15,000,
which was due and payable at the termination date of


--- Page 67 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

February 29, 2020. In accordance with her employment
contract, the 2017 to 2020 tranches of the Stock Awards
that were granted in the past and are still within the vest-
ing period will not be forfeited and will remain unaf-
fected; they are still governed by the terms and condi-
tions of the applicable Siemens Stock Awards Guideline.
The Stock Awards will become due and will be settled
upon the expiration of the regular vesting period of each

tranche.

Michael Sen’s appointment as a member of the Manag-
ing Board of Siemens AG was terminated by mutual
agreement as of March 31, 2020, prior to the end of his
contractual term of office. His employment relationship
will remain unaffected until the end of the day on
March 31, 2021. All contractually committed benefits
will continue to be granted until the termination date of
March 31, 2021. To settle his claims for the period from
the termination date of March 31, 2021, until the regular
end of his appointment and employment contract on
March 31, 2022, a severance payment in the gross
amount of €3,544,427, which will be due and payable on
the termination date of March 31, 2021, was agreed with
Michael Sen. In addition, Michael Sen will receive a spe-
cial contribution to the BSAV in the amount of €616,896,
which will be credited to his pension account in Janu-
ary 2022. In accordance with his employment contract,
the 2017 to 2020 tranches of the Stock Awards that were
granted in the past and are still within the vesting period
will not be forfeited and will remain unaffected; they are
still governed by the terms and conditions of the applica-
ble Siemens Stock Awards Guideline. The Stock Awards
will become due and will be settled upon the expiration

of the regular vesting period for each tranche.

OTHER
No loans or advances from the Company are provided to
members of the Managing Board.

BENEFITS GRANTED AND PAYMENTS MADE

IN FISCAL 2020

The following tables, which are based on the model
tables of the German Corporate Governance Code (the

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 68

“Code") in its version of February 7, 2017, show individ-
ually for each Managing Board member the benefits
granted in fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019. The actual amounts
paid out are reported under “Benefits received.”

The amounts of base salary, the Bonus and fringe bene-
fits relate to fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019.

The respective target amounts for short-term variable
compensation (Bonus), including floors and caps, are re-
ported under “Benefits granted.” The amounts for long-
term variable compensation (Stock Awards) granted in
fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 reflect the fair values on the
grant date. The figures for individual maximums for
short-term variable compensation (Bonus) and long-term
variable compensation (Stock Awards) reflect the possi-
ble maximum values in accordance with the maximum
amounts defined in the compensation system — that is,
200% and 300% of the applicable target amounts. Maxi-
mum compensation, which is reported in column “2020
(Max)” under “Total compensation (Code),” represents
the contractually agreed upon maximum amount of total
compensation for fiscal 2020 in accordance with Sec-
tion 87a para.1 sent.2 No.1 of the German Stock Corpo-
ration Act (AktG). For each Managing Board member,
maximum compensation equals the sum of the maxi-
mum amount of all compensation components for fiscal
2020 and is calculated by adding the base salary, maxi-
mum fringe benefits, BSAV contribution, twice the Bonus
target amount and three times the Stock Awards target

amount.

Total compensation in accordance with the applicable
accounting standards is also reported under “Benefits
granted.” According to these accounting standards, this
figure includes the amount of short-term variable com-
pensation (Bonus) actually paid, instead of the target
amount, and excludes the pension service cost.

The payments made in 2020 and 2019 are reported under
“Benefits received.” The payouts for stock-based compen-
sation refer to the grants for the fiscal years 2016, 2015
and 2014, respectively.


--- Page 68 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

Joe Kaeser

Appointed: May 2006; President and CEO since August 2013

Benefits granted

Benefits received

2020 2020
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2020 (Min) (Max) 2019 2020 2019
Non-performance- Base salary 2,205 2,205 2,205 2,205 2,205 = 2,205
based compensation Fi ge benefits 1500«0115.—~S—«165—Ss«i2185 1500115
Total 2,320 2,320 2,370 2,320 2,320 2,320
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus 2,205 0 4,410 2,205 1,626 = 2,502
Long-term variable compensation
Stock Awards 2020 (Vesting period: 2019-23) 2,904 0 7,548 - - -
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) - - - 2,330 - -
Stock Awards 2016 (Vesting period: 2015-19) - - - - 4,106 -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - 4,647
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - 2,580
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) - - - - - 931
Other - - - - - -
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 7,429 2,320 14,328 6,854 8,051 12,978
Pension service cost? 1,220 1,220 1,235 (1,271 1,220 = 1,271
Total compensation (Code) 8,649 3,540 15,563 8,125 9,271 14,249
Compensation according to applicable accounting standards
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus (Payout amount) 1,626 2,502
Total compensation (HGB) 6,850 7,151

1 Maximum compensation includes the contribution to the Siemens Defined Contribution
Pension Plan (BSAV) instead of the pension service cost, see column "2020 (Max).”

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 69


--- Page 69 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

Dr. Roland Busch

Appointed: April 2011; Deputy CEO since October 2019

Benefits granted Benefits received
2020 2020
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2020 (Min) (Max) 2019 2020 2019
Non-performance- Base salary 1,352 1,352 = 1,352 1,102 1,352 = 1,102
based compensation Ge benefits 98 98-101 57 98 57
Total 1,450 1,450 1,454 1,159 1,450 1,159
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus 1,277 O 2,555 1,102 899 = =1,176
Long-term variable compensation
Stock Awards 2020 (Vesting period: 2019-23) 1,840 O 4,782 - - -
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) - - - 1,166 - -
Stock Awards 2016 (Vesting period: 2015-19) - - - - 2,092 -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - 2,478
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - 1,358
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) - - - - - 559
Other - - - - - -
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 4,567 1,450 8,790 3,426 4,441 6,730
Pension service cost" 608 608 617 566 608 566
Total compensation (Code)? 5,175 2,058 8,948 3,992 5,049 7,296
Compensation according to applicable accounting standards
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus (payout amount) 899 1,176
Total compensation (HGB) 4,189 3,501

4. Maximum compensation includes the contribution to the Siemens Defined Contribution Pension Plan (BSAV) instead of the pension
service cost, see column “2020 (Max).”

2. The maximum compensation of Dr. Roland Busch was not adjusted in the course of his intra-year salary increase as of April 1, 2020.
Consequently, his maximum compensation does not correspond to the sum of the individual compensation components, see
column “2020 (Max).”

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 70


--- Page 70 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

Lisa Davis‘?

Appointed: August 2014; Left: February 2020
Benefits granted

Benefits received

2020 2020
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2020 (Min) (Max) 2019 2020 2019
Non-performance- Base salary 459 459 459 = 1,102 459 1,102
based compensation Fi ge benefits? 459 459 459° 751 481 729
Total 918 918 918 1,835 940 1,830
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus* 477 477 477 1,102 477 1,140
Long-term variable compensation
Stock Awards 2020 (Vesting period: 2019-23) 606 i) 1,574 - - -
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) - - - 1,166 - -
Stock Awards 2016 (Vesting period: 2015-19) - - - - 2,092 -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - 2,478
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18)> - - - - - 2,463
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) - - - - - 58
Other - - - - - -
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 2,000 1,395 2,969 4,120 3,509 7,969
Pension service cost§ 601 601 257 611 601 611
Total compensation (Code) 2,601 1,996 3,667 4,731 4,110 8,580
Compensation according to applicable accounting standards
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus (payout amount) 477 1,140
Total compensation (HGB) 2,000 4,158

1. Pro-rated compensation for the period from October 1, 2019, to February 29, 2020, due to early termination of appointment and employment
contract. To settle her claims for the period from the termination date of February 29, 2020, to the regular end of her appointment and
employment contract on October 31, 2020, a severance payment in the gross amount of €2,369,353, which was due and payable on the
termination date of February 29, 2020, was agreed with Lisa Davis. In addition, Lisa Davis will receive a special contribution to the BSAV

of €411,264, which will be credited to her pension account in January 2021. Additional pension service costs of €395,141 were recognized
accordingly in fiscal 2020. Fringe benefits granted to Lisa Davis for the period from March 1, 2020, to October 31, 2020, for payments in
connection with the early termination of her appointment and employment contract amounted to €684,245, including contractually
agreed tax and currency adjustment.

Lisa Davis's compensation was paid out in Germany in euros. It has been agreed that any tax liability that arises due to tax rates that are
higher in Germany than in the U. S. will be reimbursed. In addition, a currency adjustment payment was granted for base salary in calendar
years 2018 and 2019 as well as for the Bonus for fiscal years 2018 and 2019. Furthermore, Lisa Davis was granted a currency adjustment
payment for base salary in calendar year 2020 as well as for the Bonus for fiscal year 2020 up to the termination date of February 29, 2020.
The fringe benefits reported under "Benefits received” (fiscal 2020) include fringe benefits of €22,288 received in October 2019

that were, however, granted already in September 2019 (fiscal 2019).

In the termination agreement, Lisa Davis was granted an amount of €476,962 for the period from October 1, 2019, until the termination
date on February 29, 2020, as compensation for her entitlement to a pro-rata Bonus for fiscal 2020. Accordingly, the floor and cap applicable
to the Bonus did not apply. The amount of €476,962 is therefore reported in the section “Benefits granted” in column "2020" and also in
columns “2020 (Min)" and "2020 (Max).”

The amount reported under “Benefits received” includes €2,236,573 from the settlement of Siemens Stock Awards that were

granted to Lisa Davis in fiscal 2014 as compensation for the forfeiture of entitlements granted by her previous employer.

Maximum compensation includes the contribution to the Siemens Defined Contribution Pension Plan (BSAV) instead

of the pension service cost, see column "2020 (Max).”

IN

Iw

rs

In

lo

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 71


--- Page 71 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

Klaus Helmrich

Appointed: April 2011

Benefits granted Benefits received
2020 2020
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2020 (Min) (Max) 2019 2020 2019
Non-performance- Base salary 1,102 1,102 = 1,102 1,102 1,102 = 1,102
based compensation Ge benefits 45 45 83 45 45 45
Total 1,147 1,147 1,184 1,147 1,147 1,147
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus 1,102 QO 2,203 1,102 947 1,213
Long-term variable compensation
Stock Awards 2020 (Vesting period: 2019-23) 1,453 QO 3,777 - - -
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) - - - 1,166 - -
Stock Awards 2016 (Vesting period: 2015-19) - - - - 2,092 -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - 2,478
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - 1,358
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) - - - - - 483
Other - - - - - -
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 3,702 1,147 7,164 3,415 4,186 6,679
Pension service cost" 611 611 617 618 611 618
Total compensation (Code) 4,313 1,758 7,781 4,033 4,797 7,297
Compensation according to applicable accounting standards
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus (payout amount) 947 1,213
Total compensation (HGB) 3,548 3,526

1. Maximum compensation includes the contribution to the Siemens Defined Contribution

Pension Plan (BSAV) instead of the pension service cost, see column "2020 (Max).”

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 72


--- Page 72 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

Janina Kugel

Appointed: February 2015; Left: January 2020

Benefits granted

Benefits received

2020 2020
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2020 (Min) (Max) 2019 2020 2019
Non-performance- Base salary 367 367 367 ~=—1,102 367 = «1,102
based compensation Fi ge benefits 16 16 28 a1 16 a1
Total 383 383 395 1,142 383 1,142
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus 367 0 734 1,102 234 1,140
Long-term variable compensation
Stock Awards 2020 (Vesting period: 2019-23) 484 0 1,259 - - -
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) - - - 1,166 - -
Stock Awards 2016 (Vesting period: 2015-19) - - - - 2,014 -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18)" - - - - - 1,652
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - -
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) - - - - - -
Other" - - - - - 258
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 1,235 383 2,388 = 3,410 2,631 4,192
Pension service cost? 603 603 206 584 603 584
Total compensation (Code) 1,838 986 2,594 3,994 3,235 4,777
Compensation according to applicable accounting standards
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus (payout amount) 234 1,140
Total compensation (HGB) 1,102 3,448

1. Janina Kugel was appointed to the Managing Board, effective February 1, 2015. The value of Siemens Phantom Stock Awards granted
to Janina Kugel upon her appointment for fiscal 2015 on a pro-rata basis and settled in November 2018 following the expiration of
the four-year vesting period is reported under "Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period 2014-18).” Furthermore, Janina Kugel was entitled
to Siemens Stock Awards from the 2014 and 2015 tranches acquired when she was an employee of Siemens AG, before she became

a member of the Managing Board. These Stock Awards were also settled in November 2018, and their value is reported under

“Other” (see "Benefits received,” fiscal 2019).

IN

service cost, see column "2020 (Max).”

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 73

Maximum compensation includes the contribution to the Siemens Defined Contribution Pension Plan (BSAV) instead of the pension


--- Page 73 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

Cedrik Neike*

Appointed: April 2017

Benefits granted

Benefits received

2020 2020
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2020 (Min) (Max) 2019 2020 2019
Non-performance- Base salary 1,102 1,102 = 1,102 1,102 1,102 = 1,102
based compensation Ge benefits 36 36 83 17 36 17
Total 1,138 1,138 1,184 1,118 1,138 1,118
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus 1,102 QO 2,203 1,102 879 = 1,213
Long-term variable compensation
Stock Awards 2020 (Vesting period: 2019-23) 1,453 i) 3,777 - - -
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) - - - 1,166 - -
Stock Awards 2016 (Vesting period: 2015-19) - - - - - -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - -
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - -
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) - - - - - -
Other - - - - - -
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 3,693 1,138 7,164 3,386 2,017 = 2,331
Pension service cost? 621 621 617 568 621 568
Total compensation (Code) 4,314 1,759 7,781 3,954 2,638 2,899
Compensation according to applicable accounting standards
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus (payout amount) 879 1,213
Total compensation (HGB) 3,471 3,497

1 In addition to his role as a member of the Managing Board of Siemens AG, Cedrik Neike served as Executive Chairman of the Board

of Directors of Siemens Ltd. China until March 31, 2019. Of the fixed compensation and payout amount for short-term variable compen-

sation reported in section “Benefits received” (fiscal 2019), an amount of €262,260 was granted and paid by Siemens Ltd. China and

deducted from the compensation for his Managing Board activities at Siemens AG. Of the long-term variable compensation and fringe

benefits reported in section "Benefits granted’ (fiscal 2019), amounts of €131,359 and €10,842, respectively, were granted and paid

by Siemens Ltd. China.

IN

service cost, see column "2020 (Max).”

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 74

Maximum compensation includes the contribution to the Siemens Defined Contribution Pension Plan (BSAV) instead of the pension


--- Page 74 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

Michael Sen’

Appointed: April 2017; Left: March 2020

Benefits granted

Benefits received

2020 2020
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2020 (Min) (Max) 2019 2020 2019
Non-performance- Base salary 551 551 551 1,102 551 1,102
based compensation Fi ge benefits 16 16 a1 170 16 (170
Total 567 567 592 1,272 567 1,272
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus 551 0 1,102 1,102 301 1,176
Long-term variable compensation
Stock Awards 2020 (Vesting period: 2019-23) 727 0 1,889 - - -
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) - - - 1,457 - -
Stock Awards 2016 (Vesting period: 2015-19) - - - - - -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - -
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - -
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) - - - - - -
Other - - - - - -
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 1,844 567 3,582 3,831 868 2,448
Pension service cost? 618 618 308 562 618 562
Total compensation (Code) 2,463 1,185 3,891 4,393 1,487 3,010
Compensation according to applicable accounting standards
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus (payout amount) 301 1,176
Total compensation (HGB) 1,595 3,906

IN

Pro-rated compensation for the period from October 1, 2019, to March 31, 2020, due to early termination of appointment. His employment
relationship will remain unaffected until the end of the day on March 31, 2021. In addition to the compensation as a Managing Board
member reported in the table above, Michael Sen received the following compensation for the period from April 1, 2020, until September 30,
2020 (fiscal 2020): base salary of €550,800, fringe benefits of €20,750, BSAV contribution of €308,448, Bonus of €550,800 and Stock
Awards of €629,500. Furthermore, Michael Sen has been granted the following compensation for the period from October 1, 2020, until the
early termination of his employment contract on March 31, 2021 (fiscal 2021): base salary of €550,800, fringe benefits in the maximum
amount of €24,357.50, BSAV contribution of €308,448, Bonus of €550,800 and Stock Awards of €629,500. In accordance with the terms of
his contract, the Bonus for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021 will be paid out entirely in cash. In accordance with the terms of his contract and the
guidelines for the 2020 and 2021 tranche, the Stock Awards will be settled and transferred after the expiration of the vesting period in
November 2023 and November 2024, respectively, on the basis of the actual degree of target attainment. To settle his claims for the period
from the termination date of March 31, 2021, until the regular end of his appointment and employment contract on March 31, 2022, a sever-
ance payment in the gross amount of €3,544,427, which will be due and payable on the termination date of March 31, 2021, was agreed
with Michael Sen. In addition, Michael Sen will receive a special contribution to the BSAV in the amount of €616,896, which will be credited
to his pension account in January 2022.

Maximum compensation includes the contribution to the Siemens Defined Contribution Pension Plan (BSAV) instead of the pension service
cost, see column "2020 (Max).”

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 75


--- Page 75 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas

Appointed: September 2013

Benefits granted Benefits received
2020 2020
(Amounts in thousands of €) 2020 (Min) (Max) 2019 2020 2019
Non-performance- Base salary 1,102 1,102 = 1,102 1,102 1,102 = 1,102
based compensation Ge benefits 81 81 83 69 81 69
Total 1,183 1,183 1,184 1,171 1,183 1,171
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus 1,102 QO 2,203 1,102 812 = 1,250
Long-term variable compensation
Stock Awards 2020 (Vesting period: 2019-23) 1,782 0 4,632 - - -
Stock Awards 2019 (Vesting period: 2018-22) - - - 1,457 - -
Stock Awards 2016 (Vesting period: 2015-19) - - - - 2,092 -
Stock Awards 2015 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - 2,478
Stock Awards 2014 (Vesting period: 2014-18) - - - - - 1,358
Bonus Awards 2014 (Waiting period: 2014-18) - - - - - 483
Other - - - - - -
Total non-performance/performance-based compensation 4,067 1,183 8,019 3,730 4,087 6,740
Pension service cost" 601 601 617 586 601 586
Total compensation (Code) 4,668 1,784 8,636 4,315 4,688 7,325
Compensation according to applicable accounting standards
Performance-based Short-term variable compensation
compensation Bonus (payout amount) 812 1,250
Total compensation (HGB) 3,777 3,878

1 Maximum compensation includes the contribution to the Siemens Defined Contribution
Pension Plan (BSAV) instead of the pension service cost, see column "2020 (Max).”

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 76


--- Page 76 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

A.10.1.3 Additional disclosures on stock-
based compensation instruments in
fiscal 2020

The following table shows changes in the balance of
the Stock Awards held by Managing Board members in

fiscal 2020. The table also includes the expenses for each
individual Managing Board member arising from stock-
based compensation recognized in accordance with IFRS
in fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019.

Vested Balance Expenses for
Balance at andsettled Forfeited —_at the end stock-based
beginning of Granted during during during of fiscal compensation
fiscal 2020 fiscal year! fiscal year _fiscal year 2020? (in®
Forfeitable — Forfeitable
Forfeitable Stock Stock Forfeitable
Stock ‘Awards Awards Stock Stock Stock
‘Awards grants grants ‘Awards ‘Awards ‘Awards
(Amounts in number of units) grants (TSR) (ESG) grants grants grants Fiscal 2020 _ Fiscal 2019
Managing Board
members in office
as of September 30, 2020
Joe Kaeser 128,045 42,021 10,505 28,043 O 152,528 4,196,318 1,231,410
Dr. Roland Busch 64,316 26,622 6,656 14,286 i) 83,308 1,180,201 606,684
Klaus Helmrich 64,316 21,027 5,257 14,286 i) 76,314 1,099,367 606,940
Cedrik Neike? 44,007 21,027 5,257 0 i) 70,291 1,255,741 557,575
Prof. Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 71,019 25,787 6,447 14,286 i) 88,967 1,247,806 679,797
Total 371,703 136,484 34,122 70,901 0 471,408 8,979,433 3,682,407
Former members
of the Managing Board
Lisa Davis 64,316 8,761 2,190 14,286 i) 60,981 2,109,885 605,764
Janina Kugel 63,294 7,009 1,752 13,757 0 58,298 2,006,764 578,552
Michael Sen* 55,912 10,514 2,628 0 i) 69,054 4,641,135 716,334
Total 183,522 26,284 6,570 28,043 0 188,333 8,757,785 1,900,651

The resulting fair value at grant date in fiscal 2020 per granted Stock Award
ment — €44.42 and per granted Stock Award (ESG) €98.80.

(TSR) was ~ on the basis of 200% target attain-

IN

The figures take into account the Stock Awards granted in November 2019 for fiscal 2020. The provisional target attainment
for the portion of the 2020 Stock Awards tranche that is dependent on the Siemens internal ESG/ Sustainability index
(weighting 20%) is 92%. According to IFRS, this target attainment results in a reduction of the number of Stock Awards,
which has been accounted for in the recognition of expenses. As the provisional target attainment does not provide for any
information about the final target attainment or the number of Stock Awards to be transferred after the expiration of the
vesting period, the reduction is not reported in the table above. Rather, emphasis is placed on the transparent reporting of
the stock-based commitments for the individual members of the Managing Board. At the end of the vesting period,

a final number of shares to be transferred is determined based on actual target attainment, taking into account the maxi-
mum amount for the Stock Awards.

The reported figures include the Stock Awards granted to Cedrik Neike for his position as Executive Chairman of the Board
of Directors of Siemens Ltd. China.

The number of Stock Awards granted to Michael Sen during fiscal 2020 includes only the portion of Stock Awards attribut-
able to his membership on the Managing Board. The value reported under “Expenses for stock-based compensation (in €)
fiscal 2020” includes, however, the full expenses recognized for Michael Sen in the past fiscal year.

Iw

rs

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 77


--- Page 77 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

The spin-off of Siemens Energy in fiscal 2020 led to
adjustments in the stock-based compensation grants
agreed upon until then (2017 to 2020 tranches of the
Stock Awards). To counteract an expected dilution from
the spin-off, Managing Board members — like all other
entitled employees — will receive an additional cash
payment based on the spin-off ratio of 2:1 and the price
of the Siemens Energy share on the date when their
stock-based compensation grants become due. A total
expense of €775,882, which is already included in the
expense for stock-based compensation (see the pre-
ceding table), was recognized for these stock grants in
the past fiscal year.

In fiscal 2020, a gain from stock-based compensation
for former Managing Board member Prof. Dr. Siegfried
Russwurm amounting to €54,084 was recognized in
accordance with IFRS. The gain was due to the reversal of
accrued provisions, which were recognized as income.
These provisions exceeded the payout for the 2016 Stock
Awards tranche received in fiscal 2020 and exceeded the
provisions required for the portion of the 2017 tranche to
be settled in cash. Beyond this, a gain of €1,630 was rec-
ognized for the additional cash payment for the 2017
tranche due to the spin-off of Siemens Energy. The settle-
ment of Stock Awards for former Managing Board mem-
bers via the transfer of Siemens shares takes place, as a

rule, after the expiration of the relevant vesting period.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 78

A.10.1.4 Outlook for target-setting

in fiscal 2021

On September 23, 2020, the Supervisory Board of

Siemens AG approved the following performance cri-

teria for the short-term variable compensation (Bonus)

for fiscal 2021:

> for”Siemens Group,” the performance criterion “profit,”
measured in terms of basic earnings per share (EPS)

> for “Managing Board portfolio,” the performance cri-
terion “profitability/capital efficiency,” measured in

terms of return on capital employed (ROCE).

In addition, the Supervisory Board has set from two
to four individual targets for each member of the
Managing Board.

The Supervisory Board also approved the following per-
formance criteria for the 2021 Stock Awards tranche (vest-
ing period: November 2020 through November 2024):

> “long-term value creation,” measured in terms of total
shareholder return (TSR) relative to the MSCI World
Industrials index and

> “sustainability,” measured in terms of the Siemens
ESG/Sustainability index and taking into account the
following three equally weighted key performance
indicators: COz emissions (environmental), digital
learning hours per employee (social) and Net Pro-
moter Score (governance).


--- Page 78 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

A.10.2_ Compensation of
Supervisory Board members

The current compensation policies for the Supervisory
Board were authorized at the Annual Shareholders’ Meet-
ing on January 28, 2014, and have been in effect since
fiscal 2014. Details are set out in Section 17 of the Articles
of Association of Siemens AG. Supervisory Board com-
pensation consists entirely of fixed compensation; it re-
flects the responsibilities and scope of the work of the
Supervisory Board members. The Chairman and Deputy

Chairs of the Supervisory Board as well as the chairs and
members of the Audit Committee, the Chairman’s Com-
mittee, the Compensation Committee, the Compliance
Committee and the Innovation and Finance Committee

receive additional compensation.

Under the current rules, the members of the Supervisory
Board receive an annual base compensation, and the
members of the Supervisory Board committees receive
additional compensation for their committee work.

Compensation of members of the Supervisory Board and its committees

Base compensation of Supervisory Board

Chairman

Deputy Chair
€280,000 €220,000

Member

0, €140,000

Additional compensation for committee work.

Audit Committee Chairman's Committee

Compensation

Panga bonand) Compliance Committee

Committee Finance Committee

Chair Chair Chair Chair Chair
€160,000 €120,000 €100,000 €80,000 €80,000
Member Member Member Member Member
€80,000 €80,000 €60,000 €40,000 €40,000

Compensation for work on the Chairman’s Committee
counts toward compensation for work on the Compensa-
tion Committee. No additional compensation is paid for
work on the Compliance Committee if a member of that
committee is already entitled to compensation for work
on the Audit Committee.

If a Supervisory Board member is absent from any Super-
visory Board meetings, one-third of the aggregate com-
pensation due to that member is reduced by the percent-
age of Supervisory Board meetings he or she does not
attend in relation to the total number of Supervisory
Board meetings held during the fiscal year. In the event

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 79

of changes in the composition of the Supervisory Board
or its committees, compensation is paid on a pro-rata
basis, rounding up to the next full month.

In addition, the members of the Supervisory Board are
entitled to receive a fee of €1,500 for each meeting of the
Supervisory Board and/or its committees they attend.

The members of the Supervisory Board are reimbursed
for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
their duties and for any value-added taxes to be paid on
their compensation. For the performance of his duties,
the Chairman of the Supervisory Board is also entitled to


--- Page 79 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

an office with secretarial support and the use of a car
service. No loans or advances from the Company are pro-

vided to members of the Supervisory Board.

Under Section 113 (3) of the German Stock Corporation
Act (AktG) in the version amended by the German Act
Implementing the Second Shareholders’ Rights Directive
(ARUG II), the annual shareholders’ meeting of a listed
company must resolve on compensation for the mem-
bers of the supervisory board at least every four years.
Such a resolution is planned for the Annual Shareholders’
Meeting on February 3, 2021. The current provisions
in Section 17 of Siemens’ Articles of Association are to be

amended effective October1, 2021, and replaced by
simplified compensation arrangements.

In addition, at its meeting on September 23, 2020, the
Supervisory Board decided to reintegrate the Compliance
Committee into the Audit Committee. Effective Octo-
ber 1, 2020, the duties that had been transferred to the
Compliance Committee were assumed again by the Audit
Committee, and the Compliance Committee was thereby
dissolved.

The compensation shown in the following table was
determined for each Supervisory Board member for

fiscal 2020 (individualized disclosure).

2020 2019
Additional Additional
compensation Meeting compensation Meeting
Base forcommittee _ attendance Base forcommittee _ attendance

(Amounts in €) ‘compensation work fee Total compensation work fee Total
Supervisory Board
members in office
as of September 30, 2020
Jim Hagemann Snabe 280,000 280,000 72,000 632,000 280,000 280,000 52,500 612,500
Birgit Steinborn* 220,000 200,000 61,500 481,500 220,000 200,000 51,000 471,000
Werner Wenning 220,000 140,000 51,000 411,000 220,000 140,000 37,500 397,500
Dr. Werner Brandt 140,000 160,000 36,000 336,000 140,000 160,000 24,000 324,000
Michael Diekmann 140,000 60,000 22,500 222,500 140,000 60,000 15,000 215,000
Dr. Andrea Fehrmann* 140,000 - 18,000 158,000 140,000 - 9,000 149,000
Bettina Haller? 140,000 80,000 36,000 256,000 140,000 80,000 24,000 244,000
Harald Kern* 140,000 80,000 27,000 247,000 140,000 80,000 19,500 239,500
Jiirgen Kerner’ 140,000 200,000 61,500 401,500 140,000 200,000 51,000 391,000
Dr. Nicola Leibinger-Kammiiller 131,515 75,152 34,500 241,167 140,000 80,000 25,500 245,500
Benoit Potier 135,758 - 21,000 156,758 132,222 - 9,000 141,222
Hagen Reimer? 140,000 - 18,000 158,000 105,000 - 4,500 109,500
Dr.-Ing. Dr.-Ing. E.h. Norbert Reithofer 135,758 38,788 19,500 194,045 132,222 37,778 12,000 182,000
Baroness Nemat Shafik (DBE, DPhil) 140,000 - 18,000 158,000 132,222 = 7,500 139,722
Dr. Nathalie von Siemens 140,000 40,000 21,000 201,000 140,000 40,000 13,500 193,500
Michael Sigmund 140,000 - 18,000 158,000 140,000 = 9,000 149,000
Dorothea Simon* 140,000 - 18,000 158,000 140,000 - 9,000 149,000
Matthias Zachert 140,000 80,000 36,000 256,000 140,000 80,000 24,000 244,000
Gunnar Zukunft" 140,000 - 18,000 158,000 140,000 - 9,000 149,000
Former members
of the Supervisory Board
Robert Kensbock*? 140,000 180,000 39,000 359,000 140,000 180,000 28,500 348,500
Total? 3,083,031 1,613,940 646,500 5,343,470 3,041,666 1,617,778 435,000 5,094,444

These employee representatives on the Supervisory Board and the representatives of the trade unions on the Supervisory Board have declared

their willingness to transfer their compensation to the Hans Boeckler Foundation, in accordance with the guidelines of the Confederation of

German Trade Unions.

win

for former Supervisory Board member Reinhard Hahn

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 80

Robert Kensbock left the Supervisory Board on September 25, 2020, the effective date of the spin-off of Siemens’ energy business
Compared to the amounts reported in the 2019 Compensation Report, this amount does not include compensation totaling €51,167


--- Page 80 ---

Combined Management Report > A.10 Compensation Report

A.10.3 Other

The Company provides a group insurance policy for
Supervisory and Managing Board members and certain
other employees of the Siemens Group. The policy is
taken out for one year at a time or renewed annually. It
covers the personal liability of the insured individuals in
cases of financial loss associated with their activities
on behalf of the Company. The insurance policy for
fiscal 2019 includes a deductible for the members of
the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board that
complies with the requirements of the German Stock
Corporation Act and the Code in its version dated
February 7, 2017. Due to the amended recommendations
of the Code in its version dated December 16, 2019, the
policy for fiscal 2021 no longer includes a deductible
for the members of the Supervisory Board.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 81


--- Page 81 ---

Combined Management Report — A.11 Takeover-relevant information

A.11

Takeover-relevant information
(pursuant to Sections 289a and 315a
of the German Commercial Code)
and explanatory report

A.11.1 Composition
of common stock

As of September 30, 2020, the Company’s common stock
totaled €2.550 billion. The capital stock is divided into
850 million registered shares of no par value (Siemens
shares). The shares are fully paid in. All shares confer the
same rights and obligations. The shareholders’ rights and
obligations are governed in detail by the provisions of the
German Stock Corporation Act, in particular by Sections 12,
53a et seq., 118 et seq. and 186 of the German Stock Cor-

poration Act.

A.11.2 Restrictions on voting
rights or transfer of shares

At the Shareholders’ Meeting, each share of stock has one
vote and accounts for the shareholder’s proportionate
share in the Company’s net income. An exception to this
rule applies with regard to treasury shares held by the
Company, which do not entitle the Company to any rights.
Under Section 136 of the German Stock Corporation Act
the voting right of the affected shares is excluded by law.

Siemens shares issued to employees worldwide under
the employee share programs implemented since the be-
ginning of fiscal 2009, in particular the Share Matching
Plan, are freely transferable unless applicable local laws
provide otherwise. Under the rules of the Share Matching
Plan, however, in order to receive one matching share
free of charge for each three shares purchased, partici-
pants are required to hold the shares purchased by them
for a vesting period of several years, during which
the participants must be continuously employed by
Siemens AG or any of its affiliated companies. The right

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 82

to receive matching shares is forfeited if the purchased
shares are sold, transferred, hedged on, pledged or hy-
pothecated in any way during the relevant vesting period.

The von Siemens-Vermégensverwaltung GmbH (vSV)
has, on a sustained basis, powers of attorney allowing it
to exercise the voting rights for 10,599,284 shares (as of
September 30, 2020) on behalf of members of the
Siemens family. These shares are part of the total number
of shares held by the family’s members. The powers of
attorney are based on an agreement between the vSV
and, among others, members of the Siemens family. The
shares are voted together by vSV, taking into account
the suggestions of a family partnership established by
the family’s members or of one of this partnership's gov-
erning bodies.

A.11.3 Legislation and provisions
of the Articles of Association
applicable to the appointment
and removal of members of the
Managing Board and governing
amendment to the Articles of
Association

The appointment and removal of members of the Man-
aging Board are subject to the provisions of Sections 84
and 85 of the German Stock Corporation Act and Sec-
tion 31 of the German Codetermination Act (Mitbestim-
mungsgesetz). According to Section 8 para. 1 of the Arti-
cles of Association, the Managing Board is comprised of
several members, the number of which is determined by
the Supervisory Board.


--- Page 82 ---

Combined Management Report — A.11 Takeover-relevant information

According to Section 179 of the German Stock Corpora-
tion Act, any amendment to the Articles of Association
requires a resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting. The
authority to adopt purely formal amendments to the
Articles of Association was transferred to the Supervisory
Board under Section 13 para. 2 of the Articles of Associ-
ation. In addition, by resolutions adopted during past
Shareholders’ Meetings, the Supervisory Board has been
authorized to amend Section 4 of the Articles of Associ-
ation in accordance with the utilization of the Authorized
and Conditional Capitals, and after expiration of the

then-applicable authorization and utilization period.

Resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meeting require a sim-
ple majority vote, unless a greater majority is required by
law (Section 23 para.2 of the Articles of Association).
Pursuant to Section 179 para. 2 of the German Stock Cor-
poration Act, amendments to the Articles of Association
require a majority of at least three-quarters of the capital
stock represented at the time of the casting of the votes,
unless another capital majority is prescribed by the Arti-

cles of Association.

A.11.4 Powers of the Managing
Board to issue and repurchase
shares

The Managing Board is authorized to increase, with the
approval of the Supervisory Board, the capital stock until
January 25, 2021 by up to €90 million through the issu-
ance of up to 30 million Siemens shares against contribu-
tions in cash (Authorized Capital 2016). Subscription
rights of existing shareholders are excluded. The new
shares shall be issued under the condition that they are
offered exclusively to employees of the Company and
any of its affiliated companies. To the extent permitted
by law, such employee shares may also be issued in such
a manner that the contribution to be paid on such shares
is covered by that part of the annual net income which
the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board may allo-
cate to other retained earnings under Section 58 para. 2
of the German Stock Corporation Act.

Furthermore, the Managing Board is authorized to in-
crease, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, the

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 83

capital stock until January 29, 2024 by up to €510 million
through the issuance of up to 170 million Siemens shares
against cash contributions and/or contributions in kind
(Authorized Capital 2019).

As of September 30, 2020, the total unissued authorized
capital of Siemens AG therefore consisted of €600 mil-
lion nominal that may be used, in installments with
varying terms, by issuance of up to 200 million Siemens
shares.

By resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meetings on Janu-
ary 30, 2019 and February 5, 2020, the Managing Board
is authorized to issue bonds with conversion, exchange
or option rights or with warrants attached, or a combina-
tion of these instruments, entitling the holders to sub-
scribe to up to 80 million and up to 60 million Siemens
shares, respectively. Based on these two authorizations,
the Company or its affiliated companies may issue bonds
until January 29, 2024 and February 4, 2025, respec-
tively, each in an aggregate principal amount of up to
€15 billion. In order to grant shares of stock to holders/
creditors of such convertible bonds or warrant bonds, the
capital stock was conditionally increased by resolutions
of the Shareholders’ Meetings in 2019 and 2020, by up to
80 million and up to 60 million Siemens shares, respec-
tively (Conditional Capitals 2019 and 2020), i.e. in total
by up to €420 million through the issuance of up to
140 million Siemens shares.

The new shares under Authorized Capital 2019 and the
aforementioned bonds are to be issued against cash or
non-cash contributions. They are, as a matter of princi-
ple, to be offered to shareholders for subscription. The
Managing Board is authorized to exclude, with the ap-
proval of the Supervisory Board, subscription rights of
shareholders in the event of capital increases against
contributions in kind. In the event of capital increases
against contributions in cash, the Managing Board is
authorized to exclude shareholders’ subscription rights
with the approval of the Supervisory Board in the follow-
ing cases:

> The issue price of the new shares/bonds is not signifi-
cantly lower than the stock market price of the Siemens
shares already listed or the theoretical market price of


--- Page 83 ---

Combined Management Report — A.11 Takeover-relevant information

the bonds computed in accordance with generally ac-
cepted actuarial methods (exclusion of subscription
rights, limited to 10% of the capital stock, in accordance
with or by mutatis mutandis application of Section 186
para. 3 sentence 4 German Stock Corporation Act).

> The exclusion is necessary with regard to fractional
amounts resulting from the subscription ratio.

> The exclusion is used to grant holders of conversion
or option rights or conversion or option obligations
on Siemens shares a compensation for the effects of
dilution.

The new shares issued or to be issued in exchange for
contributions in cash and in kind and with shareholders’
subscription rights excluded, may in certain cases be sub-
ject to further restrictions. The details of those restric-
tions are described in the relevant authorization. In addi-
tion, the Managing Board has issued the commitment
not to increase the capital stock from the Authorized
Capital 2019 and the Conditional Capitals 2019 and 2020
by a total of more than 10% of the capital stock existing
at the time of the Shareholders’ Meeting on February 5,
2020, to the extent that capital increases with share-
holders’ subscription rights excluded are made from the
Authorized Capital 2019 against contributions in cash or
in kind or to service convertible bonds and/or warrant
bonds issued under the authorizations approved on Jan-
uary 30, 2019 or February 5, 2020 with shareholders’ sub-
scription rights excluded. This commitment ends no later
than February 4, 2025.

The Company may not repurchase its own shares unless
so authorized by a resolution duly adopted by the share-
holders at a general meeting or in other very limited cir-
cumstances set forth in the German Stock Corporation
Act. On February 5, 2020, the Shareholders’ Meeting
authorized the Company to acquire until February 4,
2025 up to 10% of its capital stock existing at the date of
adopting the resolution or — if this value is lower — as of
the date on which the authorization is exercised. The
aggregate of shares of stock of Siemens AG repurchased
under this authorization and any other Siemens shares
previously acquired and still held in treasury by the Com-
pany or attributable to the Company pursuant to Sec-
tions 71d and 71e of the German Stock Corporation Act
may at no time exceed 10% of the then existing capital

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 84

stock. Any repurchase of Siemens shares shall be accom-
plished at the discretion of the Managing Board either
(1) by acquisition over the stock exchange, (2) through
a public share repurchase offer or (3) through a public
offer to swap Siemens shares for shares in a listed com-
pany within the meaning of Section 3 para. 2 German
Stock Corporation Act. The Managing Board is addition-
ally authorized to complete the repurchase of Siemens
shares in accordance with the authorization described
above by using certain derivatives (put and call options,
forward purchases and any combination of these deriva-
tives). In exercising this authorization, all stock repur-
chases based on the derivatives are limited to a maxi-
mum volume of 5% of Siemens’ capital stock existing at
the date of adopting the resolution at the Shareholders’
Meeting. A derivative’s term of maturity may not, in any
case, exceed 18 months and must be chosen in such
a way that the repurchase of Siemens shares upon
exercise of the derivative will take place no later than
February 4, 2025.

In addition to selling them over the stock exchange
or through a public sales offer to all shareholders, the
Managing Board is authorized by resolution of the Share-
holders’ Meeting on February 5, 2020 to also use Siemens
shares repurchased on the basis of this or any previously
given authorization for every permissible purpose, in par-

ticular as follows: Such Siemens shares may be

> retired;

> used in connection with share-based compensation
programs and/or employee share programs of the
Company or any of its affiliated companies and issued
to individuals currently or formerly employed by the
Company or any of its affiliated companies as well as
to board members of any of the Company’s affiliated
companies;

> offered and transferred, with the approval of the
Supervisory Board, to third parties against non-cash
contributions;

> sold by the Managing Board, with the approval of the
Supervisory Board, against payment in cash if the
price at which such Siemens shares are sold is not sig-
nificantly lower than the market price of Siemens
stock (exclusion of subscription rights, limited to 10%
of the capital stock, by mutatis mutandis application


--- Page 84 ---

Combined Management Report — A.11 Takeover-relevant information

of Section 186 para. 3 sentence 4 German Stock Cor-
poration Act); or

> used to service or secure obligations or rights to ac-
quire Siemens shares arising particularly from or in
connection with convertible bonds or warrant bonds
of the Company or its affiliated companies (exclusion
of subscription rights, limited to 10% of the capital
stock, by mutatis mutandis application of Section 186
para. 3 sentence 4 German Stock Corporation Act).
Moreover, the Managing Board is authorized to ex-
clude subscription rights in order to grant holders/
creditors of conversion or option rights or respective
conversion or option obligations on Siemens shares
subscription rights as compensation against effects of
dilution to the extent to which they would be entitled
after exercise of such rights or fulfillment of such ob-
ligations, and to use Siemens shares to service such

subscription rights.

Furthermore, the Supervisory Board is authorized to use
shares acquired on the basis of this or any previously
given authorization to meet obligations or rights to ac-
quire Siemens shares that were or will be agreed with
members of the Managing Board within the framework

of rules governing Managing Board compensation.

In November 2018, the Company announced that it would
carry out a share buyback of up to €3 billion in volume
until November 15, 2021 at the latest. The buyback com-
menced on December 3, 2018. Using the authorizations
given by the Annual Shareholders’ Meetings on Janu-
ary 27, 2015 and February 5, 2020, Siemens repurchased
28.4 million shares by September 30, 2020 under this
share buyback. The total consideration paid for these
Siemens shares amounted to about €2.404 billion (ex-
cluding incidental transaction charges). This buyback has
the exclusive purposes of retirement, of issuing shares to
employees, board members of affiliated companies and
members of the Managing Board of Siemens AG, and of
servicing/securing the obligations or rights to acquire
Siemens shares arising particularly from or in connection
with convertible bonds and warrant bonds. The current
buyback was suspended as of May 7, 2020 because of the
spin-off of Siemens Energy. From May 8, 2020, until the
completion of the spin-off, Siemens AG conducted a
technical share buyback to keep the number of Siemens

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 85

treasury shares constant and, in connection with share-
based compensation and employee stock programs of
the Company or any of its affiliated companies, to com-
pensate for current transfers of Siemens shares to per-
sons who are or were in an employment relationship
with the Company or any of its affiliates, as well as to
members of the boards of the Company or any of its
affiliated companies.

As of September 30, 2020, the Company held 50,690,288
shares of stock in treasury.

For details on the authorizations referred to above, espe-
cially with the restrictions to exclude subscription rights
and the terms to include shares when calculating such
restrictions, please refer to the relevant resolution and to
Section 4 of the Articles of Association.

A115 Significant agreements
which take effect, alter or
terminate upon a change
of control of the Company
following a takeover bid

As of September 30, 2020, Siemens AG maintained lines
of credit in the total amount of €10 billion.

In connection with the planned acquisition of the shares
in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. by Siemens Healthi-
neers AG, a consolidated subsidiary of Siemens AG as
borrower maintains an undrawn bridge facility in an
amount of nearly €12.5 billion guaranteed by Siemens AG
as of September 30, 2020.

In addition, in March 2020 and in June 2019 respectively,
a consolidated subsidiary as borrower and Siemens AG
as guarantor entered into a bilateral loan agreement,
each of which has been drawn in the full amount of
US$500 million.

The lines of credit, the bridge facility and the loan
agreements mentioned above provide their respective
lenders with a right of termination in the event that
(1) Siemens AG becomes a subsidiary of another company


--- Page 85 ---

Combined Management Report — A.11 Takeover-relevant information

or (2) a person or a group of persons acting in concert
acquires effective control over Siemens AG by being able
to exercise decisive influence over its activities (Art. 3(2)
of Council Regulation (EC) 139/2004).

Framework agreements concluded by Siemens AG under
International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. doc-
umentation (ISDA Agreements) grant each counterparty
a right of termination, including in certain cases of (i)
a transformation (for example mergers and changes of
form), (ii) an asset transfer or (iii) acquisition of owner-
ship interests that enables the acquirer to exercise con-
trol over Siemens AG or its controlling bodies. Partially
this right of termination exists only, if (1) the resulting
entity fails to simultaneously assume Siemens AG's ob-
ligations under the ISDA Agreements or (2) the result-
ing entity’s creditworthiness is materially weaker than
Siemens AG's immediately prior to such event. Generally,
ISDA Agreements are designed such that upon termina-
tion all outstanding payment claims documented under
them are to be netted.

A.11.6 Compensation agreements
with members of the Managing
Board or employees in the event
of a takeover bid

The contracts with the members of the Managing Board
previously contained the right of the member to termi-
nate his or her contract with the Company for good cause
in the event of a change of control that results in a
substantial change in the position of a Managing Board
member (for example, due to a change in corporate strat-
egy ora change in the Managing Board member's duties
and responsibilities). A change of control exists if one or
several shareholders acting jointly or in concert acquire a
majority of the voting rights in Siemens AG and exercise
a controlling influence, or if Siemens AG becomes a de-
pendent enterprise as a result of entering into an inter-
company agreement within the meaning of Section 291
of the German Stock Corporation Act, or if Siemens AG is
to be merged into an existing corporation or other entity.
If this right of termination is exercised, the Managing
Board member is entitled to a severance payment in the

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 86

amount of no more than two years’ compensation. The
calculation of the annual compensation includes not only
the base compensation and the target amount for the
bonus, but also the target amount for the stock awards,
in each case based on the most recent completed fiscal
year prior to termination of the contract. The stock-based
compensation components for which a firm commitment
already exists will remain unaffected. Additionally, the
severance payments cover non-monetary benefits by in-
cluding an amount of 5% of the total severance amount.
Severance payments will be reduced by 10% as a lump-
sum allowance for discounted values and for income
earned elsewhere. However, this reduction will apply
only to the portion of the severance payment that was
calculated without taking account of the first six months
of the remaining term of the Managing Board member’s
contract. There is no entitlement to a severance payment
if the Managing Board member receives benefits from
third parties in connection with a change of control.
A right to terminate the contract does not exist if
the change of control occurs within a period of twelve

months prior to a Managing Board member's retirement.

On September 18, 2019, the Supervisory Board of
Siemens AG resolved that the contracts with members
of the Managing Board should not contain such right of
termination in the future. This has already been taken
into account in the case of a contract extension and in
the case of new contracts with the newly appointed
members of the Managing Board as of October 1, 2020.

A.11.7 Other takeover-relevant
information

We are not aware of, nor have we during the last fiscal
year been notified of, any shareholder directly or indi-
rectly holding 10% or more of the voting rights. There are
no Siemens shares with special rights conferring powers
of control. Shares of stock issued by Siemens AG to em-
ployees under its employee share program and/or as
share-based compensation are transferred to the employ-
ees. The beneficiary employees who hold shares of em-
ployee stock may exercise their control rights in the same
way as any other shareholder in accordance with applica-
ble laws and the Articles of Association.
