

--- Page 1 ---

Corporate Profile

Corporate Profile
Business Model

E.ON is an investor-owned energy company with approximately
78,000 employees led by Corporate Functions in Essen. The Group
has two operating segments: Energy Networks and Customer
Solutions. Non-strategic operations are reported under Non-Core
Business. In the prior year the Group also had a Renewables
segment (see commentary below).

Corporate Functions

Corporate Functions’ main task is to lead the E.ON Group. This
involves charting E.ON's strategic course and managing and
funding its existing business portfolio. Corporate Functions’ tasks
include optimizing E.ON's overall business across countries and
markets from a financial, strategic, and risk perspective and
conducting stakeholder management.

Energy Networks

This segment consists of E.ON's power and gas distribution
networks and related activities. It is subdivided into three regional
markets: Germany, Sweden, and East-Central Europe/Turkey
(which consists of the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, Poland,
Croatia, Slovakia, and the stake in Enerjisa Enerji in Turkey, which
is accounted for using the equity method). This segment's main
tasks include operating its power and gas networks safely and
reliably, carrying out all necessary maintenance and repairs, and
expanding its power and gas networks, which frequently involves
adding customer connections and the connection of renewable
energy generation assets.

Customer Solutions

This segment serves as the platform for working with E.ON's
customers to actively shape Europe's energy transition. This
includes supplying customers in Europe (excluding Turkey) with
power, gas, and heat as well as with products and services that
enhance their energy efficiency and autonomy and provide
other benefits. E.ON's activities are tailored to the individual
needs of customers across all categories: residential, small and
medium-sized enterprises, large commercial and industrial,
sales partners, and public entities. E.ON's main presence in this
business is in Germany, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands,
Belgium, Sweden, Italy, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania,
and Poland. Businesses that provide innovative solutions (like
E.ON Business Solutions and the eMobility business) are also
part of this segment.

Renewables

Substantially all of the operations in this segment were classified
as discontinued operations effective June 30, 2018, and decon-

solidated effective September 18, 2019. Certain business oper-
ations were not transferred to RWE and were reassigned to other
segments (see “Special Events in the Reporting Period” below).

This refers in particular to e.disnatur operations in Germany and
Poland as well as a 20-percent stake in Rampion offshore wind

farm in the United Kingdom (on Rampion, see Notes 5 and 37 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements). This segment consisted
of onshore wind, offshore wind, and solar farms. E.ON planned,
built, operated, and managed renewable generation assets.

Non-Core Business

This segment consists of the E.ON Group's non-strategic activities.
This applies to the operation and dismantling of nuclear power
stations in Germany (which is managed by the PreussenElektra
unit) and the generation business in Turkey.

Special Events in the Reporting Period

Resolution Adopted for Personnel Changes in the E.ON SE
Management Board Effective April 1, 2021

In December 2020, the E.ON SE Supervisory Board resolved to
appoint Leonhard Birnbaum as Chairman of the Company's
Management Board and CEO effective April 1, 2021. Birnbaum
will succeed Johannes Teyssen. Teyssen joined the Group in 1989,
has been a member of the Management Board since 2004, and
has led E.ON for more than ten years.

As part of the succession plan for the Group's top leadership,
the Supervisory Board also announced that Victoria Ossadnik,
currently CEO of E.ON Energie Deutschland GmbH, will be
appointed to the EON SE Management Board effective April 1,
2021. Ossadnik, who joined the E.ON Group in April 2018,
previously spent seven years at Microsoft Corporation, where
she most recently led its global Enterprise Service Data and
Artificial Intelligence organization. In the future, she will be
responsible for the E.ON Group's digitization.


--- Page 2 ---

Changes in Segment Reporting

The innogy takeover successfully closed in 2019. Effective
January 1, 2020, innogy's operations are no longer managed
and disclosed as a separate segment but rather integrated into
Energy Networks, Customer Solutions, and Corporate Functions/
Other. innogy's network businesses were assigned to Energy
Networks. Its power and gas sales along with new customer
solutions (such as eMobility services) are reported at Customer
Solutions. Corporate Functions/Other includes innogy's corporate
functions and internal services. After substantially all of the
Renewables segment was transferred to RWE, its remaining
businesses are reported at Energy Networks in Germany,
Customer Solutions in the United Kingdom, and Corporate
Functions/Other.

Customer Solutions’ Germany unit now includes the heating
business formerly disclosed at its Other unit. In addition, three
E.ON Business Solutions companies were transferred from
Customer Solutions’ Other unit to its United Kingdom unit. Where
necessary, the prior-year figures were adjusted accordingly.

Merger Squeeze-out of innogy’s Remaining Minority
Shareholders Concluded

On March 4, 2020, the Extraordinary General Meeting of
innogy SE adopted a resolution to transfer the remaining minority
shareholders’ innogy stock. The merger squeeze-out adopted at
the meeting took effect when the transfer resolution and merger
were entered into the Commercial Register on June 2, 2020. In
early June 2020 cash compensation totaling €2.4 billion was paid
to minority shareholders. The resulting reduction in Group equity
mainly affected the retained earnings of E.ON SE shareholders.

At the conclusion of the squeeze-out, the €5 billion in acquisition
financing E.ON originally arranged, which had been reduced to
€1.75 billion in August 2018, was cancelled.

Accounting of innogy Acquisition Finalized

The accounting of the innogy acquisition was finalized in the third
quarter of 2020. New insights gained by September 18, 2020,
into the amount of acquisition costs and acquired assets,
including goodwill and liabilities, led to retrospective adjustments,
including resulting changes to the Consolidated Balance Sheets
at December 31, 2019. Goodwill increased by €197 million
relative to the figure recorded at year-end 2019, mainly because
of changes in the valuation of certain assets acquired in the
takeover.

Transfer of innogy Bonds to E.ON Concluded

On August 13, 2020, E.ON launched transactions to harmonize
the new E.ON Group's funding structure. These transactions
involve E.ON offering innogy bondholders the option to change
the debtor of roughly €11.5 billion in bonds to E.ON. The offer
gave innogy bondholders the option to hold bonds that have the
same status as current E.ON bonds. It will also ensure that all
debt investors are treated equally. The transaction was completely
concluded in November 2020. 99.95 percent of outstanding
innogy bonds were successfully transferred.

European Commission's Conditions for innogy Takeover Fulfilled
With regard to the innogy takeover, the European Commission,
among other things, imposed conditions requiring the disposal
of certain E.ON and innogy businesses in Eastern Europe.

To fulfill one of these conditions, on July 10, 2020, E.ON and
MVM Group signed an agreement regarding the sale of innogy
Ceska republika a.s. and thus innogy SE's entire electricity and
gas retail business in the Czech Republic. Pursuant to IFRS 5,
E.ON had already reclassified these innogy operations in the
Czech Republic as discontinued operations effective Septem-
ber 30, 2019. The transaction was cleared by the European
Commission at the end of October and subsequently closed on
October 30, 2020.


--- Page 3 ---

Corporate Profile

Another of the European Commission's conditions was the sale
of E.ON Energie Deutschland's heating electricity business in
Germany. The portfolio of contracts consists of all special con-
tracts with customers supplied with heating electricity and, if
such customers also procure household electricity for which there
is a separate meter at the same premises, the corresponding
household electricity contract. In preparation for the sale, the
portfolio of contracts was separated into two newly founded
companies, E.ON Heizstrom Nord GmbH (“EHN") and E.ON
Heizstrom Stid GmbH ("EHS"). Pursuant to IFRS 5, due to the
obligation to sell these operations, E.ON had reclassified the
heating electricity business as a disposal group effective Septem-
ber 30, 2019. The sale of EHN and EHS closed on April 28, 2020.

In addition, on September 23, 2020, E.ON sold its subsidiary
E.ON Energiakereskedelmi Kft. ("EKER"), which operates its
non-regulated retail electricity business for commercial cus-
tomers in Hungary, to Audax Renovables. Pursuant to IFRS 5,
E.ON had already reclassified EKER's business as a disposal
group effective September 30, 2019, owing to its obligation to
dispose of these operations.

Previously E.ON had withdrawn from the operation of a number
of electric-vehicle charging stations located along motorways
in Germany. By closing these transactions E.ON completely ful-
filled the antitrust conditions in conjunction with the innogy
takeover.

Acquisition of Stake in VSE Holding Successfully Completed

In August 2020 E.ON completed the acquisition of 49 percent
of the shares in VSE Holding (VSEH") from RWE. Extensive
decision-making powers over VSEH's business operations give
E.ON a controlling influence pursuant to IFRS. VSEH is there-
fore fully consolidated and accounted for using the acquisition
method in accordance with IFRS 3 (see Note 5 to the Consoli-
dated Financial Statements). The purchase price to be paid to
RWE was not cash-effective in the 2020 financial year. It was
offset against an open receivable in conjunction with the acqui-
sition of RWE's innogy stake, which closed on September 18,
2019. The transaction therefore had no material impact on cash
flow in the 2020 financial year.

Operations during the Covid-19 Pandemic

E.ON's top priorities during the Covid-19 pandemic are a secure
energy supply and the safety of employees and customers. E.ON's
power, gas, and heat networks, which secure the energy supply
in large parts of Europe, continue to run stably, even under
these difficult conditions. E.ON was able to draw on previously
prepared pandemic and crisis plans, which it implemented
accordingly. This included updating risk assessments, adjusting
rules in line with government regulations, and conducting
timely communications to promote transparency and aware-
ness regarding the Covid-19 pandemic and E.ON’s response
measures. This made it possible to maintain all key functions.
The most important measures included strict adherence to
hygiene and social-distancing rules as well as the isolation of
particularly sensitive work areas, such as network control cen-
ters. In addition, technicians who do field work on the network
have special equipment to minimize the risk of infection.

In addition, EON SE Management Board members used various
information channels on Connect, E.ON's intranet platform, to
share their views on the pandemic and explain its impact on every-
day working life as well as on the Company. The purpose was
to inform employees swiftly and comprehensively. Connect not
only provided information about the measures taken to contain
the Covid-19 pandemic. It also created interactive opportunities
for employees to ask questions and to discuss them in town hall
meetings. Furthermore, helping employees deal with the impact
of the pandemic was and remains one of E.ON's priorities. Where
possible, the Company therefore made use of all forms of flexible
working arrangements (such as home office and variable work-
ing hours) in order to accommodate employees’ personal circum-
stances and needs. Covid-19 also made it necessary to adjust
meeting formats. Most meetings were held virtually and still are.
In addition, managers have paid even more attention than usual
to their employees’ well-being and, when needed, have pointed
them toward company assistance and support services, such as
a confidential social counseling service. This was ensured in
several ways, including additional communications and individual
coordination at the management level.


--- Page 4 ---

As many European countries relaxed the restrictions on public
life and the economy in the summer of 2020, E.ON too took steps
to enable many of its employees to return to their jobs respon-
sibly. The third quarter of 2020 saw a renewed rise in Covid-19
infections across Europe that continued into the fourth quarter
and, in many cases, exceeded the peaks that had been recorded
during the lockdown in the spring of 2020. This resulted in
many cities and regions being classified as high-risk areas,
which in such cases led to additional restrictions on daily life.
E.ON is continuously analyzing the risk situation resulting from
the Covid-19 pandemic and, if necessary, will take additional
measures to contain the pandemic’s impact.

During the Covid-19 pandemic, E.ON temporarily shortened
work schedules, particularly in the United Kingdom, and availed
itself of related government support, which for the E.ON Group
is, on balance, negligible. Nevertheless, the employment situa-
tion at E.ON has remained very stable over the course of the
Covid-19 crisis. In this regard, there have been no noteworthy
longer-term effects on employment in the E.ON Group.

Other impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic on E.ON's business
are described in the Business Report, the Forecast Report, and
the Risks and Chances Report.

Corporate Bonds Issued

In 2020 E.ON issued various corporate bonds totaling €5 billion.
The high level of investor demand enabled E.ON to secure
favorable interest terms across all maturities (month of issuance
in parenthesis):

« €750 million bond maturing in December 2023
with a coupon of 0 percent per year (January)

¢ €1 billion green bond maturing in September 2027
with a coupon of 0.375 percent per year (January)

« €500 million bond maturing in December 2030
with a coupon of 0.75 percent per year (January)

¢ €750 million bond maturing in October 2025
with a coupon of 1 percent per year (April)

¢ €1 billion bond maturing in April 2023
with a coupon of 0.375 percent per year (May)

¢ €500 million bond maturing in February 2028
with a coupon of 0.75 percent per year (May)

« €500 million green bond maturing in August 2031
with a coupon of 0.875 percent per year (May).

Nord Stream Stake Transferred to Contractual Trust
Arrangement ("CTA")

E.ON Beteiligungen GmbH held all of the shares of PEG Infra-
struktur AG ("PEGI") and thus an indirect, 15.5-percent stake in
Nord Stream AG. Nord Stream AG, a project company founded
in 2005, owns and operates two offshore gas pipelines, each
with a length of 1,224 kilometers, that transport natural gas from
Russia to Germany. In a contract dated December 18, 2019,
E.ON Beteiligungen GmbH sold all of its PEGI shares and thus
its indirect stake in Nord Stream AG to E.ON Pension Trust e.V.
("EPT") with effect and for the account of the trust assets of
MEON Pensions GmbH & Co. KG ("MEON"). The shares were
transferred at the end of 2019. The purchase price of €1.1 billion
was paid at the start of 2020.

Agreement on Strategic Partnership with Kraken Technologies
In March 2020 E.ON reached a contractual agreement ona
strategic partnership with Kraken Technologies, a subsidiary of
Octopus Energy. The strategic partnership, E.ONyex, uses
Kraken Technologies’ technology platform and will transform
E.ON UK's business with residential and small and medium
enterprise customers.

E.ON and Kraken Technologies will further improve the platform
in order to offer outstanding customer service founded on the
principles of customer orientation, simplicity, transparency, and
cost-efficiency. In the first phase, npower's customers are cur-
rently being migrated to the new platform; E.ON UK's customers
will be migrated in the second phase. By the end of December
2020, nearly 70 percent of npower's residential customer con-
tracts had been transferred to E.ONnox-

Sale of Real Estate Assets

Fully consolidated E.ON Group companies E.ON NA Capital, Inc.
and E.ON RE Investments LLC transferred real estate assets in
the amount of roughly US$288 million to other entities in 2020;
US$265 million was transferred to the trust assets of E.ON
Pension Trust e.V., which is not fully consolidated. The payments
of the purchase price were made primarily in 2020.


--- Page 5 ---

Corporate Profile

Acquisition of Residual Power Output Rights

In 2020 a total of 19 TWh of residual power output rights were
acquired from the company that operates Kriimmel nuclear
power plant ("NPP") and transferred to Grohnde (3 TWh in
October 2020), Isar II (6 TWh in February 2020), and Brokdorf
(5 TWh each in February and December 2020), NPPs managed
by PreussenElektra. The legal framework ensures the supply of
all NPPs operated by E.ON with additional amounts of residual
power output (for more information, see pages 61 and 62 of
the Risk and Chances Report as well as Notes 29 and 37 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements).

Reorganization of E.ON's Business in Hungary

In early October 2019 E.ON acquired EnBW's 27-percent
stake in ELMU Nyrt. (“ELMU") and EMASZ Nyrt. ("EMASZ").
Subsequently, E.ON, MVM Magyar Villamos Miivek Zrt.
("MVM," a shareholder of ELMU and EMASZ), and Opus Global
Nyrt. ("Opus") signed a framework agreement. This agreement
enables E.ON to give itself a balanced and optimized portfolio
in Hungary that will also make it possible to swiftly integrate
innogy's operations there.

The agreement is expected to be fully implemented in 2021
after clearance by the relevant agencies. This will give MVM
100 percent of distribution operator EMASZ, EMASZ Halézati
Kft. ("EMASZ DSO"), and a 25-percent stake in EON Hungaria
Zrt. (including the innogy holding companies, ELMU Zrt. and
EMASZ Zrt.). In addition, Opus is to acquire current E.ON sub-
sidiary E.ON Tiszantuli Aramhalozati Zrt. ("E.ON ETI"). Pursuant
to IFRS 5, EMASZ DSO as well as E.ON ETI were reclassified as
a disposal group effective December 31, 2020. E.ON ETI assets
and liabilities had already been reclassified as a disposal group
in 2019.

New Central Commodity Procurement Entity, E.ON Energy
Markets, Founded

On October 1, 2020, newly founded E.ON Energy Markets GmbH
("EEM'") began operating as the Group's commodity procurement
entity. EEM gives affiliated Group companies access to outside
trading markets (which have previously been conducted decen-
trally) and bundles the resulting risks. Alongside innogy Commod-
ities GmbH, EEM provides market access for E.ON's portfolio in
Germany. In the future, EEM will handle power and gas procure-
ment for other E.ON companies in Germany and elsewhere.

Management System

E.ON's corporate strategy aims to deliver sustainable growth in
shareholder value. E.ON has in place a Group-wide planning and
controlling system to assist its in planning and managing the
Group as a whole and its individual businesses with an eye to
increasing their value. This system ensures that E.ON's financial
resources are allocated efficiently. E.ON strives to enhance its
sustainability performance efficiently and effectively as well.

It embeds these expectations progressively more deeply into
its organization—across all organizational entities and all pro-
cesses—by means of binding Group-wide policies (for more
information, see the Separate Combined Non-Financial Report
on pages 100 to 115).

Key Performance Indicators

In the 2020 financial year, E.ON's most important key perfor-
mance indicators ("KPIs") for managing its operating business
were adjusted EBIT and cash-effective investments. Other KPls
for managing the E.ON Group are cash-conversion rate, adjusted
net income, earnings per share (based on adjusted net income),
and debt factor. In the prior year, the Combined Group Manage-
ment Report's presentation of sales and the KPIs relevant for
management control also included the results of discontinued
operations in the Renewables segment that were deconsolidated
effective September 18, 2019. Pages 34 to 36 of the Combined
Group Management Report and Note 35 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements contain reconciliations of these indicators
to the disclosures in the E.ON SE and Subsidiaries Consolidated
Statements of Income, Consolidated Balance Sheets, and Con-
solidated Statements of Cash Flows.

Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes (“adjusted EBIT") is
E.ON's most important KPI for purposes of internal management
control and as an indicator of its businesses’ long-term earnings
power. The E.ON Management Board is convinced that adjusted
EBIT is the most suitable KPI for assessing operating performance
because it presents a business's operating earnings independently
of non-operating factors, interest, and taxes. The adjustments
include net book gains, certain restructuring expenses, impair-
ment charges and reversals, the marking to market of derivatives,
and other non-operating earnings (see the explanatory infor-
mation on pages 34 to 36 of the Combined Group Management
Report and in Note 35 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).


--- Page 6 ---

In addition, the effects of the subsequent valuation of hidden
reserves and liabilities that were identified as part of the pur-
chase-price calculation and allocation for the innogy transaction
are disclosed separately.

Cash-effective investments are equal to the investment expen-
ditures shown in the E.ON Group's Consolidated Statements

of Cash Flows. In the prior year, these included the investments
of discontinued operations in the Renewables segment until they
were deconsolidated effective September 18, 2019.

Cash-conversion rate is equal to operating cash flow before inter-
est and taxes divided by adjusted EBITDA. It indicates whether
E.ON's operating earnings are generating enough liquidity. The
expenditures for the dismantling of nuclear power stations that
are included in operating cash flow before interest and taxes are
not factored into cash-conversion rate. To balance out fluctuations
that result primarily from payments around the balance-sheet
date, E.ON will manage its cash-conversion rate by means of a
target figure over the three years of the medium-term plan.

Adjusted net income is an earnings figure after interest income,
income taxes, and non-controlling interests that has likewise
been adjusted to exclude non-operating effects (see the explan-
atory information on page 36 of the Combined Group Manage-
ment Report).

E.ON manages its capital structure by means of its debt factor
(see the section entitled Finance Strategy on page 37). Debt
factor is equal to economic net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA
and is therefore a dynamic debt metric. Economic net debt
includes net financial debt as well as pension and asset-retire-
ment obligations.

Other KPIs

Alongside E.ON's most important financial management KPIs,
the Combined Group Management Report includes other financial
and non-financial KPls to present the performance of E.ON's
operating business and as part of E.ON’s responsibility for all its
stakeholders: employees, customers, shareholders, bond inves-
tors, and the countries in which the Group operates. Operating
cash flow, power and gas passthrough and sales volume, and
selected employee information are examples of other KPls.

In addition, some KPIs are important for E.ON as a customer-
focused company. For example, E.ON's ability to acquire new
customers and retain existing ones is crucial to the Company's
success. Net promoter score ("NPS") measures customers’ will-
ingness to recommend E.ON to a friend or colleague. Our The
Sustainability Report and the Separate Combined Non-Financial
Report describe how NPS fits into the Company's management
approach.

However, these other KPIs are not the focus of the ongoing
management of E.ON's businesses.

Innovation

Innovations are an important element of E.ON's business oper-
ations. The transition of today's energy system toward a distrib-
uted, digital, and sustainable energy world goes hand in hand
with the use of new technologies and the development of new,
innovative business models. E.ON's focus is on its core busi-
nesses: energy networks, regulated and market-based energy
infrastructure, and customer solutions for its commercial and
residential customers. Innovations in these businesses make a
significant contribution to E.ON's future and competitiveness
and the implementation of the energy transition in Europe.

In a distributed energy system, E.ON will be even more of an
energy service provider for its business partners and customers.
In a world in which every household and every company can
be an energy producer, roles established over many years will
change. Tomorrow's customers will be partners who may be
energy producers and traders as well as energy consumers. At
the same time, more and more renewable power will be fed into
the grid. These parallel trends—more market participants and
more renewables feed-in—pose significant technical and organi-
zational challenges for grid management. Increasingly, managing
distributed feed-in requires new technologies like artificial intel-
ligence. In addition, E.ON’s innovation activities are focusing
increasingly on the Internet of Things (“lol”) and corresponding
data processing systems. The purpose is to give E.ON the
capability in the future to manage a much more complex energy
system that can no longer be controlled by humans alone.


--- Page 7 ---

Corporate Profile

In 2020 Group Innovation adopted a new 360-degree innovation
approach. It combines E.ON's own innovation activities and
outside collaborations in a single entity. This strengthens E.ON's
partnerships with other innovative and global companies, start-
ups, universities, other institutions, and thought leaders. The
new 360-degree innovation approach has the following core
elements:

Forging Strategic Partnership with Startups, Blue Chips, and
Technology Companies

Together with innovative partners, E.ON is exploring which
technologies, applications, platforms, and services will become
relevant in the future and can provide the best and most sus-
tainable solution for customers. Partnering with startups, tech-
nology groups, and other innovative companies in the years
ahead will enable E.ON to differentiate itself from competitors
much more by means of innovation than productivity gains.
E.ON already uses cross-industry knowledge sharing as a catalyst
for progress and to accelerate the energy transition. In 2020,
E.ON business units concluded commercial agreements totaling
€12 million with 24 start-ups from E.ON’s investment platform
to test new technologies and their customer acceptance in its
operating business. If test results are successful, these solutions
can be deployed at other E.ON business units, enabling E.ON to
tap new growth areas for future business. E.ON focuses on
areas like sustainability, customer centricity, eMobility, and loT
services for the digitization of its network and sales businesses.

Partnering with Universities and Other Scientific Institutions
Together with the E.ON Energy Research Center at RWTH
Aachen University, E.ON is pursuing a wide range of research
and development activities to identify technology trends at
an early stage and assess their economic potential for the Com-
pany’s future business. E.ON and the E.ON Energy Research
Center launched 12 new joint projects and 14 studies in 2020.
The knowledge gained from them can be integrated more quickly
into E.ON's ongoing innovation projects at its business units.
The annual budget for the partnership with RWTH amounts to
approximately €2 million. E.ON is also in contact with other

10

leading scientific institutions and universities in Germany in
order to help shape the implementation of the country's energy
transition. In addition, E.ON contributes its expertise to state-
ments of the German science academies on policy, technological,
and regulatory issues. In this way, E.ON and its partners also
support the implementation of the European Green Deal, whose
purpose is to make the European Union's economy climate-
neutral by 2050.

Expanding and Integrating In-house Innovations into E.ON's
Existing Business

E.ON is one of Europe's largest distribution system operators and
energy suppliers. It is therefore well placed to play a key role

in shaping the energy transition. Sector integration is expanding
the energy supply business beyond its traditional boundaries.
This is already enabling E.ON to establish new businesses in
industry, transport, buildings, and infrastructure. E.ON’s innova-
tive solutions are already helping a variety of industries embrace
green growth and develop individually tailored solutions for
industrial and residential customers. As part of this effort, Group
Innovation conducts projects in four main areas: industrial
automation and electrification, energy grids and city solutions,
connected mobility, and connected lifestyle.

[Electrix is a pilot project for innovative energy concepts in the
distributed and digital energy system of the future. It is part of
European Horizon 2020, the European Union's largest research
and innovation initiative. E.ON is responsible for the technical
management of Electrix, which will run for three and a half years.
In lElectrix, E.ON is testing mobile storage systems for distribu-
tion grids in Germany and demonstrating their advantages in

a real-world setting. E.ON's lElectrix project partners—E.ON
Hungaria in Hungary, Stadtwerke Giissing in Austria, and Tata
Power in India—are conducting real-word demonstrations in
their countries. The purpose of all these demonstration projects
is to yield test results, by 2022, on the possibilities for making


--- Page 8 ---

greater use of renewable electricity in the immediate vicinity
of its production. After successful piloting of the technologies,
all major elements of energy control can be brought together:
energy storage, locally generated renewable energy, smart grid
control, flexibility services, and new commercial marketing
models. IElectrix's objective is to demonstrate that storage
systems can give distribution grids greater flexibility, thereby
enhancing grid stability and supply security. IElectrix is one of
the ways E.ON is making a significant contribution to developing
technical solutions for a more environmentally friendly and
resilient energy supply in all regions of Europe: for cities and
districts as well as remote, rural areas.

The future of mobility is another key innovation area for E.ON.

In order for eMobility to become established in the marketplace,
E.ON considers improvements in charging infrastructure and
the use of new storage options to be key challenges. E.ON's
innovation team is testing new technologies to increase the
quality of charging processes. The technologies include artificial
intelligence, robotics, and new approaches to distributed energy
management. One result is OMNe, an innovative digital tool
that provides E.ON's business customers with comprehensive
advice on enlarging their charging infrastructure for electric
vehicles ("EVs"). With the percentage of EVs in fleets growing
continually, E.ON's digital advice tool meets the demand for
swiftly adding significant charging infrastructure. However,
installing EV charging stations changes a facility's power con-
sumption and load profile. Finding the most cost-effective solu-
tion requires a comprehensive view that takes into account all
variables: the number of vehicles, parking duration, load profile,
grid connection, and a company's energy consumption targets.
OMNe enables any company to plan the installation or expansion
of charging infrastructure in just a few minutes.

Group-wide Transparency on Innovation Activities

In order to continually leverage innovations to generate growth
businesses for E.ON, Group Innovation initiates cross-divisional
innovation and competence networks, which ensure that new
innovative business activities are undertaken throughout the
E.ON Group. In 2020 E.ON developed a new reporting system
for this purpose, the Innovation Dashboard, which provides
comprehensive transparency on all central innovation activities
and product developments and displays information on their
current status quo and expected monetization. It yields real-time
insights for monitoring innovation performance and thus serves
as an improved database for decision-making.

11

Inventions and Patents

Partnerships and research and pilot projects of today become
E.ON's innovations of tomorrow. These ideas also lead to a large
number of inventions that result in patent applications. To protect
intellectual property, E.ON has made patenting an integral part
of its innovation strategy.

E.ON's Equity Investment and Partnership Platform

To help shape tomorrow's decarbonized, distributed, and digital
energy system, it is important to have access to the latest tech-
nologies and business models as well as entrepreneurs and
startups in the world's leading innovation hubs. In 2020 E.ON
founded Future Energy Ventures, a new equity investment and
partnership platform that secures E.ON's access to outside
innovation and combines E.ON and innogy’s co-investment port-
folios. Future Energy Ventures has offices in Palo Alto (USA),
Tel Aviv (Israel), and Berlin and Essen (Germany). It invests in
digital and digitally enabled technologies and business models
that have the potential to fundamentally change and shape the
energy system of the future.

Toward a Global Innovation Network

E.ON supports its development of new business models by
establishing networks. In 2020 the Company further expanded
its international partnerships with leaders from other industries
as well as leading universities, institutions, and startups. In
October 2020, for the first time more than 5,000 participants
from 63 nations took part in E.ON’s virtual Energy Innovation
Days conference. The conference focused on the challenges
facing the energy industry and the use of innovation to shape

a sustainable energy world.


--- Page 9 ---

Business Report

Business Report
Macroeconomic and Industry Environment

Macroeconomic Environment

After growing moderately in 2019, the global economy slumped
significantly in 2020, contrary to the original growth forecasts
from 2019. The global Covid-19 pandemic was mainly respon-
sible. The large number of possible scenarios for the pandemic’s
spread makes it difficult to forecast global economic development
in 2021 as well. Amid a global recession, the unemployment rate
in OECD countries rose sharply. The closure of national borders
intended to slow the spread of Covid-19 restricted freedom

of movement, which had an adverse impact on global economic
development. Industry, commerce, and trade had to reduce pro-
duction worldwide in 2020. The degree of reduction depended
on the pandemic’s spread and the restrictions on employees
and consumers, which varied by country and region. As a result,
energy consumption declined worldwide. For example, the
European Network of Transmission System Operators for Elec-
tricity ("ENTSO-E") reported that Germany's total electricity
demand fell by 3 percent relative to 2019, Britain's by 6 percent,
Spain and France's by 5 percent, and Italy's by fully 8 percent.

GDP Growth in Real Terms in 2020

Annual change in percent

Germany

United
Kingdom

Netherlands
Sweden
Euro zone
OECD

World

-12 -10 -8 -6 -4 -2 0

Source: OECD, 2020.

12

Alongside the pandemic, the Brexit negotiations were a key fac-
tor in 2020. The Brexit transition period, which was supposed
to provide time to work out exit arrangements, concluded at the
end of December 2020. Effective the beginning 2021, the United
Kingdom is no longer part of the EU single market. Shortly before
this, the European Union and the United Kingdom concluded

a trade and cooperation agreement that, among other things,
avoids tariffs.

Energy Policy and Regulatory Environment

Global

The United States’ withdrawal from the Paris Climate Agree-
ment initiated by the President Donald Trump became official
on November 4, 2020. One of the world’s largest industrialized
nations and carbon emitters was therefore no longer part of the
global climate dialogue. However, shortly after the new President,
Joseph Biden, took office in January 2021, the United States
rejoined the Paris Climate Agreement. Biden had indicated prior
to his inauguration his intention of continuing the fight against
climate change.

The pandemic necessitated the postponement of the United
Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, 26th Confer-
ence of the Parties ("COP 26") in Glasgow, which was originally
scheduled for November 2020. COP 26 is now scheduled to
begin on November 1, 2021. In addition, EU representatives and
Chinese delegates had been planning to hold talks in Glasgow
with the aim of bringing the People’s Republic of China closer
to the Paris Climate Agreement. In September 2020 President
Xi Jinping made a surprise announcement that China—one of the
world's largest emitters of greenhouse gases ("GHGs")—would
strive for carbon neutrality by 2060. This announcement itself
is a sign of progress in international climate-protection efforts.

Europe

In March 2020 the European Commission proposed a draft
European Climate Law as part of the European Green Deal. The
draft initially foresaw a 40-percent reduction in GHG emissions
by 2030 and climate neutrality by 2050. Following an evaluation
of the GHG reduction target in September, the Commission
proposed a higher target of at least 55 percent by 2030. The
European Commission is currently developing strategies and
proposals as a basis for implementing the measures necessary
to reach this target. These include a European structural and
investment fund, a hydrogen strategy, and the 2030 climate
target plan.


--- Page 10 ---

Germany held the EU Council Presidency in the second half of
2020. Work focused on the fight against the Covid-19 pandemic
and its impact, the crafting of a multiannual financial framework,
future relations with the United Kingdom, climate protection,
digitization, and Europe's global role.

In December 2020 the European Parliament and EU Council
finally agreed on the €1.82 trillion financial framework for 2021
to 2027 and the €750 billion EU economic stimulus package. The
latter's purpose is to help member states’ economies recover from
the repercussions of the Covid-19 pandemic. The Green Deal,
which was unveiled at the end of 2019 and aims to reduce the
European Union's net GHG emissions to zero, is the centerpiece
of the EU's Covid-19 recovery package. The EU heads of state
and government also endorsed the 55-percent reduction target.

Germany

The German government took a number of steps during 2020 to
mitigate the economic slump resulting from the Covid-19 pan-
demic. For example, in March the Bundestag passed legislation
that applied to ongoing obligations, such as electricity and gas
supply contracts. The legislation allows residential customers
and small businesses to suspend payments for electricity and
gas for three months if they can demonstrate that they face eco-
nomic hardship as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic. In early
June 2020 the German government adopted a €130 billion
economic stimulus package for 2020 and 2021. It reduced the
value-added tax in the second half of 2020 and allocates funds
to energy, climate protection, and green mobility. Beginning in
2021, €11 billion alone will be used to stabilize the renewables
surcharge. The federal rebate for the purchase of an electric
vehicle was doubled, and an additional €2.5 billion is earmarked
to support the expansion of charging infrastructure. Other aid
measures for trade and industry were enacted amid the restric-
tions on public life imposed in November and December 2020.

The climate action program adopted by the German federal
government at the end of 2019, which included the pricing of
carbon emissions in the building and transport sectors, was
amended in November 2020. The Fuel Emissions Trading Act
(German abbreviation: “BEHG") steepened the rate of increase
for carbon allowances in particular. The starting price will be
€25 per metric ton of carbon dioxide in 2021. This will gradually
increase to €55 per metric ton in 2025. Proceeds from the BEHG
will be used primarily to reduce the renewables surcharge.

13

Through the use of BEHG proceeds and general budget funds,
the renewables surcharge is to be capped at 6.5 cents per kWh
in 2021 and 6 cents per kWh in 2022.

In June 2020 the German federal government announced its
national hydrogen strategy, which aims to develop a market
for hydrogen produced, in particular, from renewable sources.
Its purposes are to help Germany achieve its climate targets
and to incentivize investment in technologies suitable for export.
It provides roughly €7 billion in funding, which will go toward,
among other things, installing up to 5 GW of electrolysis capacity
by 2030. Another €2 billion is to be made available for interna-
tional partnerships.

The Coal Exit Act (German abbreviation: “KAusG") adopted in
August 2020 provides for the phaseout of coal-fired power
generation in Germany by 2038. It includes a coal-replacement
bonus, which is intended to promote the conversion of newer
power plants in particular to gas (combined heat and power).
E.ON plans to shut down its few remaining coal-fired power
plants as early as year-end 2030.

The Renewable Energy Sources Act (German abbreviation: "EEG"),
which was amended at the end 2020, provides details on the
expansion and promotion of renewables. Among other things, it
includes growth trajectories for the construction of renewables
facilities. The amendment also contains regulations for the con-
tinued operation of renewables facilities whose subsidies would
have expired on January 1, 2021.

On September 29, 2020, the Federal Constitutional Court issued
aruling: the judges of the First Senate called on lawmakers to
make the compensation mechanism for the nuclear phaseout
clear and legally robust and at the same time to regulate the
handling of prorated residual power output rights. This could
affect E.ON’s business.

United Kingdom

The United Kingdom exited the European Union effective Feb-
ruary 1, 2020. Effective the close of December 31, 2020, it is
no longer part of the EU's single market. This will not have a
significant impact on E.ON’s business in the United Kingdom.
The Brexit debate dominated Britain's political agenda, as did
the Covid-19 pandemic, which resulted in the U.K. economy
contracting by around 11 percent in 2020.


--- Page 11 ---

Business Report

Nevertheless, combating climate change remains a high priority
for the British government. In March 2020, for example, it
announced subsidies for low-carbon heating systems and for the
decarbonization of district heating networks. Up to €3 billion in
investments are planned for 2020 and 2021 under green stim-
ulus plans called the Green Homes Grant and the Public Sector
Decarbonization Program. In November 2020 the Prime Minister
published a Ten-Point Plan for a Green Industrial Revolution,
which includes the installation of 600,000 heat pumps per year
from 2028 onward and a ban on the sale of new gasoline and
diesel cars from 2030 onward. The United Kingdom also adopted
an ambitious 68 percent emissions reduction target for 2030.
The retail price cap introduced by the U.K. government is expected
to be reviewed by Ofgem, the U.K. energy regulator, in the second
half of 2021. The final decision on the price cap rests with the
government.

Netherlands/Belgium

Numerous government support measures, including tax breaks
and loan guarantees for companies, limited the Covid-19 pan-
demic's impact on the Dutch economy. The Netherlands’ main
energy policy issue of 2020 was the implementation of the cli-
mate agreement (Dutch: “Klimaatakkoord") adopted in 2019.
The agreement consists of a set of measures to make the Nether-
lands more sustainable by 2030 (target: a 49-percent reduction
in carbon emissions). It encompasses the expansion of renew-
ables, the phaseout of fossil energy production, and a more sus-
tainable approach to the environment. The measures include
building insulation and the use of gases made from renewable
sources. The Energy Act and the Heat Act, which are to establish
the rules for the country’s future energy supply, were still being
drafted at the time of this report's preparation and are not
expected to be completed before the election of members of
the second chamber, which is planned for the second half of
March 2021.

Italy

The Italian central government responded to the outbreak of
the Covid-19 pandemic by issuing numerous decrees aimed
at mitigating financial repercussions (such as from business
closures) for companies and households. The measures included
a temporary disconnection ban for insolvent electricity customers
with low consumption.

14

The "Milleproroghe" decree of December 30, 2019, which was
adopted as Law No. 8 on February 28, 2020, transposed into
national law the provisions of the EU Renewable Energy Direc-
tive II aimed at promoting the use of renewable energy. The
degree also postponed the liberalization of Italy's energy market.

Sweden

The contact restrictions imposed by Sweden at the start of the
Covid-19 pandemic were less strict than those of other countries.
One result of this was a smaller reduction in energy demand.

The government, which was formed at the start of 2019, created
the Swedish Climate Policy Council, consisting of eight ministers
and chaired by the prime minister. The council's purpose is to
ensure that Sweden becomes the first country to stop using fossil
fuels. The Ministry of the Environment and Energy is currently
working on an electrification strategy. The Ministry of Infrastruc-
ture established an electrification committee for the transport
sector, which will be active until the end of 2022. In April 2020
a waste-incineration tax took effect; its purpose is to increase
revenues from environmental taxes. In addition, the formation
of a parliamentary majority continues with regard to certain
aspects of electricity grid regulation.

East-Central Europe

The Covid-19 pandemic considerably weakened the Czech
economy. The introduction of a new energy law was announced
but is not expected to take effect until January 2023. The gov-
erning party's goal remains to support the completion of a
nuclear power plant that will secure the country's energy supply
over the long term.

Hungary's government and parliament adopted and reaffirmed
climate and energy strategies and plans with targets for 2030 and
2050. These include phasing out coal production by 2030 and
achieving climate neutrality in 2050. The start of the regulatory
period for energy networks, originally scheduled for January 1,
2021, was postponed until March 31, 2021. The government
continues to foresee the introduction of smart meters and a
plan for the mandatory implementation of energy-saving and
energy-efficiency measures.


--- Page 12 ---

In view of the Covid-19 countermeasures, Poland postponed the
imposition of consumer fees, which were to be part of the estab-
lishment of a capacity market, from October 2020 to January
2021. During 2020 Poland's government adopted a number of
what it called Covid-19 safeguards, including tax exemptions
and the granting of microcredit and loans to businesses. In Sep-
tember the government and miners’ unions reached a tentative
agreement to close the country’s coal mines by 2049.

Croatia is expected to amend legislation relating to energy effi-
ciency and renewable energy in 2021. Important developments
in the energy sector relate to the gas market: an LNG terminal
became operational on January 1, 2021, and in April 2021 the
residential gas market is supposed to be opened to competition.

In March 2020 a new government was formed in Slovenia under
Prime Minister Janez JanSa after the previous prime minister
and government resigned in January 2020. In October the gov-
ernment presented a draft for a new Electricity Supply Act to
transpose the EU electricity market directives into national law.
This was followed in November by draft legislation to promote
renewable energy. Neither draft was enacted by the end of 2020,
and the consultations had not been completed at the time of
this report's preparation.

Romania's economy too was adversely affected by the Covid-19
pandemic. The government and state agencies responded, for
example, by awarding subsidies to small and medium-sized enter-
prises. In 2020 Romania's parliament passed two amendments
to the Energy Law that have implications for the activities of
distribution system operators. These include the obligation to
connect customers and to speed up the grid-connection process.
The gas market was liberalized effective July 1, 2020 (which
affects wholesale and retail prices). This was followed by the
liberalization of the electricity market effective January 2021.
The government unveiled a new energy strategy in November
2020 but had not yet adopted it by the time of this report's
preparation.

15

Business Performance

The 2020 financial year was shaped by the Covid-19 pandemic.
Factoring in countermeasures, the impact of the Covid-19 pan-
demic adversely affected the Group's 2020 earnings by a figure
in the low to mid three-digit million euro range. These effects
occurred mainly at the U.K. sales business and the network
business in Germany. They consist primarily of lower sales and
an increase in other operating expenses. Despite these challenges,
E.ON's operating business delivered a solid performance.

Sales of €60.9 billion were €19.7 billion above the prior-year
figure. The increase resulted largely from the inclusion of the
innogy Group for the entire year.

Adjusted EBIT for the E.ON Group of about €3.8 billion was
about €0.6 billion above the prior-year level and thus below the
forecast range of €3.9 to €4.1 billion. Adjusted net income of
€1.6 billion was slightly above the prior-year level and thus like-
wise below the forecast range of €1.7 to €1.9 billion. Earnings
per share, which are based on adjusted net income, amounted to
€0.63 in the reporting period (prior year: €0.67). These results
are principally attributable to the Covid-19 pandemic’s economic
repercussions. Adjusted EBIT and adjusted net income are both
within the forecast ranges that were adjusted in August 2020.

In addition, E.ON recorded a cash-conversion rate of 91 percent
in the 2020 financial year. Cash-conversion rate is equal to
operating cash flow before interest and taxes (€5.9 billion)
divided by adjusted EBITDA (€6.9 billion), without factoring
in payments for the dismantling of nuclear power stations
(roughly -€0.4 billion). E.ON continues to expect to achieve an
average cash-conversion rate of 95 percent for the 2020 to
2022 financial years.


--- Page 13 ---

Business Report

Cash-effective investments of €4.2 billion were significantly
below the prior-year figure of €5.5 billion and the €4.5 billion
forecast for 2020 in the E.ON 2019 Annual Report. This deviation
from the original forecast is attributable to subsequent purchase-
price reductions in conjunction with the innogy acquisition. These
payments for E.ON's account reduce cash-effective investments.
Including this effect, cash-effective investments were within the
forecast range that was adjusted in August 2020.

Cash provided by operating activities of continuing and discon-
tinued operations of €5.3 billion was considerably above the
prior-year level (€3 billion). The inclusion of the innogy Group
for the entire year was the principal reason.

Acquisitions, Disposals, and Discontinued Operations in 2020
In 2020 E.ON executed the following significant transactions and
made the following reclassifications pursuant to IFRS 5. Note 5
to the Consolidated Financial Statements contains detailed infor-
mation about them:

¢ Accounting of innogy acquisition concluded

¢ Acquisition of a 49-percent stake in VSE Holding

¢ Disposal of innogy's sales business in the Czech Republic

¢ Disposal of the heating electricity business in Germany

¢ Disposal of E.ON's non-regulated commercial electricity
end-customer business in Hungary

¢ Disclosure of the 20-percent stake in Rampion offshore
wind farm as an asset held for sale

* Disclosure of both E.ON ETI and EMASZ DSO as a disposal
group

¢ Disposal of real estate assets.

Cash provided by investing activities of continuing operations
included cash-effective disposal proceeds totaling €2.8 billion
in 2020 (prior year: €0.3 billion).

16

Earnings Situation

Sales
E.ON's sales in 2020 increased by €19.7 billion year on year to
€60.9 billion.

Energy Networks' sales of €18.3 billion surpassed the prior-year
figure by €6.2 billion. This is principally attributable to the inclu-
sion of innogy operations, primarily in Germany (+€5.4 billion).

Customer Solutions’ sales rose by €16.5 billion to €48.3 billion.
This increase likewise resulted mainly from the inclusion of

innogy, in particular in Germany (+€9.6 billion), the United King-
dom (+€4.5 billion), and the Netherlands/Belgium (+€2 billion).

Substantially all of the Renewables segment was transferred to
RWE in September 2019. Its operations that remain at E.ON
are disclosed in other segments (see page 21). Effective 2020
the Renewables segment therefore no longer exists.

Sales at Non-Core Business increased significantly year on year,
in particular because PreussenElektra benefitted from higher
sales prices. This was partially offset by a decline in sales
resulting from the transfer of stakes in power stations to RWE
in September 2019.

Sales recorded at Corporate Functions/Other of €2.7 billion
were €1.9 billion above the prior-year figure. The increase is
mainly attributable to in-house services performed for innogy
companies and to E.ON Energy Markets and innogy Commod-
ities GmbH (see page 24), the Company's entities for energy
procurement, which are reported at this segment.

Sales*?

Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2020 2019 +1-% 2020 2019 +/-%
Energy Networks 5,252 4,970 +6 18,284 12,098 +51
Customer Solutions 13,996 14,845 -6 48,342 31,794 +52
Renewables - - - - 948 -
Non-Core Business 360 308 +17 1,388 1,174 +18
Corporate Functions/Other 1,749 300 +483 2,702 784 +245
Consolidation -3,727 2,537 - -9,772 -5,514 -
E.ON Group 17,630 17,886 -1 60,944 41,284 +48

Includes the discontinued operations in the Renewables segment until September 18, 2019. Sales from continuing operations amounted to €40.8 billion in 2019.
2Adjustment of prior-year figures in the context of “failed-own-use"-accounting with no impact on earnings.


--- Page 14 ---

Other Line Items from the Consolidated Statements of Income
Own work capitalized of €680 million was 40 percent above
the prior-year figure of €487 million. The increase is mainly
attributable to the inclusion of innogy for the entire year for the
first time. Own work capitalized consisted predominantly of
ongoing and completed IT projects as well as network invest-
ments.

Other operating income totaled €8,907 million in 2020 (prior
year: €5,367 million). Income from currency-translation effects
of €1,064 million and income from derivative financial instru-
ments of €5,906 million were considerably above the prior-year
figures (€327 million and €3,378 million, respectively). Corre-
sponding amounts resulting from currency-translation effects
and derivative financial instruments are recorded under other
operating expenses. The sale of equity interests and securities
resulted in income of €411 million (prior year: €525 million).

Costs of materials of €47,147 million were substantially above
the prior-year level of €31,434 million. Personnel costs rose by
€1,765 million, from €4,101 million to €5,866 million. These
developments resulted mainly from the inclusion, for the first
time, of the innogy Group for the entire year in 2020.

Depreciation charges rose from €2,489 million in 2019 to
€4,166 million in 2020. This change mainly reflects the inclusion
of innogy for part of 2019 and all of 2020. Planned depreciation
charges in 2020 were recorded primarily at Energy Networks in
Germany; impairment charges, principally in connection with
the restructuring of the network business in Hungary, which is
recorded at Energy Networks’ East-Central Europe unit.

Other operating expenses increased by 44 percent, from
€7,570 million to €10,919 million, chiefly because expenditures
relating to derivative financial instruments (including changes
in currency rates) rose by €1,488 million to €5,787 million.
Expenditures relating to currency-translation effects were also
higher, increasing by €216 million to €641 million.

Income from companies accounted for under the equity method
of €408 million was slightly below the prior-year figure of
€421 million. Higher earnings from innogy subsidiaries resulting
from their inclusion, for the first time, for the entire year were
more than offset by the absence of equity income from the stake
in Nord Stream, which was transferred to the CTA at the end of
2019 (see page 23), and by the low earnings contributions from
the shareholdings in Turkey.

17

Adjusted EBIT

For the purpose of internal management control and as the most
important indicator of businesses’ long-term earnings power,
E.ON uses earnings before interest and taxes that have been
adjusted to exclude non-operating effects (“adjusted EBIT").
The prior-year figure includes the operating earnings of the dis-
continued operations in the Renewables segment prior to their
deconsolidation on September 18, 2019.

The core business's adjusted EBIT in 2020 rose significantly
—by €509 million—year on year. Energy Networks’ adjusted
EBIT was €752 million above the prior-year level. The inclusion
of innogy's operations in Germany was the principal reason.

A lower regulated return in Sweden was the primary counter-
vailing factor. In addition, earnings in Germany declined owing
to milder weather and Covid-19 pandemic’s repercussions.
However, these effects will be largely offset in subsequent years.

Adjusted EBIT at Customer Solutions rose by €104 million year
on year. The inclusion of innogy businesses, particularly in Ger-
many and the Netherlands/Belgium, contributed to the increase.
Adjusted EBIT also rose primarily because of significant cost
savings in the previous E.ON business in the United Kingdom.
These items were partially offset primarily by the negative
earnings of innogy’s U.K. operations and weather-related effects
at the previous E.ON sales business in Germany and the United
Kingdom. In addition, the repercussions of Covid-19 had an
adverse impact on earnings, primarily in Germany and the United
Kingdom.

Substantially all of the Renewables segment was transferred to
RWE in September 2019. Its operations that remain at E.ON
are disclosed in other segments (see page 21). Effective 2020
the Renewables segment therefore no longer exists.

Corporate Functions/Other's adjusted EBIT declined by

€47 million year on year to -€350 million, especially because
of the inclusion of innogy's corporate functions for the entire
reporting period. Another adverse factor was that the prior-year
figure included earnings on the stake in Nord Stream AG, which
was transferred to the CTA at the end of 2019.

The E.ON Group's adjusted EBIT was €556 million above the
prior-year figure. The increase resulted primarily from the afore-
mentioned items in the core business and at Non-Core Business.
PreussenElektra's adjusted EBIT was slightly higher, in particular
because of higher sales prices, which were partially offset by
higher expenditures for residual power output rights and a decline
in earnings resulting from the transfer of stakes in power plants
to RWE. By contrast, equity earnings from Enerjisa Uretim in
Turkey declined significantly.


--- Page 15 ---

Business Report

18

Adjusted EBIT

Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2020 2019° +1-% 2020 2019" +/-%
Energy Networks 922 907 +2 3,253 2,501 +30
Customer Solutions 76 290 -74 454 350 +30
Renewables - - - - 301 -
Corporate Functions/Other -32 -222 +86, -350 -303 -16
Consolidation 7 -3 - 6 5 -
Adjusted EBIT from core business 973 972 - 3,363 2,854 +18
Non-Core Business 115 40 +188 413 366 +13
E.ON Group adjusted EBIT 1,088 1,012 +8 3,776 3,220 +17

AIncludes the effects of retrospective changes in connection with the adjustment of the provisional recognition of the innogy acquisition until September 18, 2020; the previous year was adjusted

accordingly.

E.ON generates a large portion of its adjusted EBIT in very stable
businesses. Regulated, quasi-regulated, and long-term con-
tracted businesses accounted for the overwhelming proportion
of E.ON's adjusted EBIT in 2020.

E.ON's regulated business consists of operations in which reve-
nues are largely set by law and based on costs. The earnings on
these revenues are therefore extremely stable and predictable.

E.ON's quasi-regulated and long-term contracted business
consists of operations in which earnings have a high degree of
predictability because key determinants (price and/or volume)
are largely set for the medium to long term. Examples include
the operation of industrial customer solutions with long-term
supply agreements and the operation of heating networks.

Merchant activities are all those that cannot be subsumed
under either of the other two categories.

Reconciliation to Adjusted Earnings Metrics

Like net income, EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) is
affected by non-operating items, such as the marking to market
of derivatives. Adjusted EBIT has been adjusted to exclude
non-operating effects. The adjustments include net book gains,
certain restructuring expenses, impairment charges and reversals,
the marking to market of derivatives, the subsequent valuation
of hidden reserves and liabilities identified as part of the purchase-
price calculation and allocation for the innogy transaction, and
other non-operating earnings.

Derived from adjusted EBIT, adjusted net income is an earnings
figure after interest income, income taxes, and non-controlling
interests that likewise has been adjusted to exclude non-oper-
ating effects. The adjustments include the aforementioned items
as wellas interest expense/income not affecting net income
(in each case after taxes and non-controlling interests). Non-
operating interest expense/income also includes effects from
the resolution of the difference between the nominal and fair
value of innogy bonds.

The disclosures in the Consolidated Statements of Income are
reconciled to the adjusted earnings metrics below.

Reconciliation to Adjusted EBIT

E.ON recorded net income attributable to shareholders of EON SE
of €1 billion and corresponding earnings per share of €0.39. In
the prior year E.ON recorded net income of about €1.6 billion
and earnings per share of €0.68.

Pursuant to IFRS 5, income/loss from discontinued operations,
net, is reported separately in the Consolidated Statements of
Income. In the 2020 financial year, this item includes negative
effects from the subsequent adjustment of certain components
of the purchase price in conjunction with the innogy acquisition
and positive earnings from innogy’s sales business in the Czech
Republic (including deconsolidation results). The prior-year
figure primarily includes the earnings from the discontinued
operations at Renewables. Alongside the operating earnings
of discontinued operations, this figure contains items resulting
from the deconsolidation. In this context, items previously recog-
nized in equity were recorded in income. This figure also includes
the earnings from the transitional consolidation of Rampion
wind farm following the reduction in E.ON's stake to 20 percent.


--- Page 16 ---

E.ON's tax expense on continuing operations rose from €43 mil-
lion to €871 million. The tax rate on net income from continuing
operations increased from 6 percent to 40 percent. The main
reason for the high tax rate in the period under review was a
one-off item related to the revaluation of deferred tax assets in
the first half of 2020, which was partially offset by taxes for
prior years. Tax-relief effects on non-operating earnings and the
release of tax provisions and liabilities for prior years led to a
lower tax rate in 2019.

Financial results of -€0.7 billion were significantly below the prior-
year level. The inclusion of innogy and the marking to market

of securities held for trading purposes, which is disclosed in non-
operating earnings, had an adverse effect. This could not be fully
offset by a reduction in adverse items relating to the valuation
of non-current provisions and income for prior years. Financial
results also include a positive effect of €328 million resulting
from the resolution of the difference between the nominal and
fair value of innogy bonds (see also page 37).

19

Net book gains were significantly lower than in the prior year. In
2020 they consist primarily of deconsolidation gains in conjunc-
tion with the fulfilment of EU conditions relating to the innogy
transaction (see pages 21 and 22). The prior-year figure princi-
pally reflects the deconsolidation of the Company's stake in PEGI,
the parent company of Nord Stream. Income from the sale of
securities was lower than in the prior year as well.

Restructuring expenses were significantly lower than in 2019
and, as in the prior year, consisted primarily of expenditures in
conjunction with the integration of innogy. The 2020 figure also
includes restructuring expenditures for the U.K. retail business.

The marking to market of derivatives in the 2020 financial
year resulted in a positive effect of €1,128 million (prior year:
-€630 million). Positive items in 2020 resulted primarily from
hedging against price fluctuations, in particular at Customer
Solutions and at Corporate Functions/Other due to the central
energy procurement entities, which are reported at the latter
(see page 23).

Reconciliation to Adjusted EBIT
Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2020 2019" 2020 2019"
Net income/loss. 60 -513 1,270 1,792
Attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE 15 -551 1,017 1,550
Attributable to non-controlling interests 45 38 253 242
Income/Loss from discontinued operations, net 2 696 40 -1,063
Income/Loss from continuing oper 62 183 1,310 729
Income taxes 159 -311 871 43
Financial results 206 65 702 587
Income/Loss from continuing operations before financial results and income taxes 427 ~63 2,883 1,359
Income/Loss from equity investments -21 3 18 58
EBIT 406 ~66 2,901 1,417
Non-operating adjustments 682 1,078 875 1,503
Net book gains (-)/losses (+) -40 -398 -258 -366
Restructuring expenses 266 640 656 819
Effects from derivative financial instruments -798 556 -1,128 630
Impairments (+)/Reversals (-) 473 260 557 260
Carryforward of hidden reserves (+) and liabilities (-) from the innogy transaction 328 162 802 317
Other non-operating earnings 453 -142 246 -157
Reclassified businesses of Renewables? (adjusted EBIT) - - - 300
Adjusted EBIT 1,088 1,012 3,776 3,220
Impairments (+)/Reversals (-) 21 65 27 67
Scheduled depreciation and amortization 830 745 3,102 2,006

Reclassified businesses of Renewables?
(scheduled depreciation and amortization, impairment charges and reversals) = - = 271
Adjusted EBITDA 1,939 1,822 6,905 5,564

AIncludes the effects of retrospective changes in connection with the adjustment of the provisional recognition of the innogy acquisition until September 18, 2020; the previous year was adjusted

accordingly.
*Deconsolidated effective September 18, 2019.


--- Page 17 ---

Business Report

In the 2020 financial year, E.ON recorded impairment charges
principally at Energy Networks in Hungary (owing mainly to the
current restructuring of the business there; see page 23), at
Customer Solutions in the United Kingdom (mainly for software
in conjunction with ongoing restructuring measures), and the
Netherlands/Belgium (in particular as part of the planned dis-
posal of the sales business in Belgium). In the prior-year E.ON
recorded impairment charges primarily at Customer Solutions
in the United Kingdom (in particular because of the decision
made at that time to restructure E.ON and innogy’s U.K. sales
business).

Items resulting from the subsequent valuation of hidden reserves
and liabilities as part of the preliminary purchase-price allocation
until September 18, 2020, and newly recorded items resulting
from the valuation of innogy’s financial assets are disclosed sep-
arately. The latter were fully balanced out by year-end 2020.

The decline in other operating earnings is partially attributable to
valuation effects for repurchase obligations pursuant to IAS 32,
non-current provisions, and realized earnings from hedging
transactions for certain currency risks.

20

Reconciliation to Adjusted Net Income

Adjusted net income of €1,638 million was 7 percent above the
prior-year figure of €1,526 million. Besides the above-described
effects in the reconciliation to adjusted EBIT, this reconciliation

includes following items:

Interest income/expenses includes non-operating items. These
rose by €0.3 billion year on year. The prior-year figure primarily
reflects items from the valuation of non-current provisions. The
current-year figure includes, in particular, amounts from the
resolution of the difference between the nominal and fair value
of innogy bonds as well as income for prior years. This was par-
tially offset by valuation effects on securities held for trading
purposes.

The tax rate on continuing operations was 24 percent (prior year:
26 percent).

Non-controlling interests’ share of operating earnings rose sig-
nificantly year on year, principally because of the innogy takeover.

Reconciliation to Adjusted Net Income

Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2020 20197 2020 2019?
Income/Loss from continuing operations before financial results and income taxes 427 ~63 2,883 1,359
Income/Loss from equity investments -21 3 18 58
EBIT 406 ~66 2,901 1,417
Non-operating adjustments 682 1,078 875 1,503
Reclassified businesses of Renewables? (adjusted EBIT) - - - 300
Adjusted EBIT 1,088 1,012 3,776 3,220
Net interest income/loss -185 -62 -720 -645,
Non-operating interest expense (+)/income (-) -57 -231 -358 -33
Reclassified businesses of Renewables? (operating interest expense) = - = -123
Operating earnings before taxes 846 719 2,698 2,419
Taxes on operating earnings -190 -199 -653 -580
Operating earnings attributable to non-controlling interests -107 -171 -407 -317
Reclassified businesses of Renewables? (taxes and minority interests on operating earnings) = - = 4
Adjusted net income 549 349 1,638 1,526

AIncludes the effects of retrospective changes in connection with the adjustment of the provisional recognition of the innogy acquisition until September 18, 2020; the previous year was adjusted

accordingly.
*Deconsolidated as of September 18, 2019.


--- Page 18 ---

Financial Situation

Finance Strategy

E.ON's finance strategy focuses on capital structure. At the
forefront of this strategy is ensuring that E.ON always has
access to capital markets commensurate with its debt level.

With its target capital structure E.ON aims to sustainably secure
a strong BBB/Baa rating.

E.ON manages its capital structure using debt factor, which

is equal to economic net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA; it is
therefore a dynamic debt metric. Economic net debt includes
not only financial liabilities but also provisions for pensions and
asset-retirement obligations.

The low interest-rate environment continued. In some cases this
led to negative real interest rates on asset-retirement obligations.
As in prior years, provisions therefore exceeded the actual amount
of asset-retirement obligations at year-end 2020 without fac-
toring in discounting and cost-escalation effects. This limits the
relevance of economic net debt as a key figure. E.ON wants eco-
nomic net debt to serve as a useful key figure that aptly depicts
E.ON's debt situation. In the case of material provisions affected
by negative real interest rates, E.ON has therefore used the
aforementioned actual amount of the obligations instead of the
balance-sheet figure to calculate economic net debt since year-
end 2016.

Pursuant to IFRS valuation standards, innogy's financial liabili-
ties at the time of initial consolidation were recorded at their
fair value. This fair value is significantly higher than the original
nominal value because interest-rate levels have declined since
innogy's bonds were issued. The purchase-price allocation
yielded a difference between the nominal value and the fair
value, which results in additional liabilities of €2.1 billion at
year-end 2020. This amount will be recorded in financial earn-
ings as a reduction in expenditures and spread out over the
maturity period of the respective bonds. These balance-sheet
and earnings effects do not alter the interest and principal pay-
ments. To manage economic net debt, E.ON continues to use
the nominal amount of financial liabilities, which deviates from
the figure shown in its balance sheets.

E.ON aims to reduce its debt factor to around 5 over the medium
term. As anticipated, the debt factor of 5.9 at year-end 2020
was above this medium-term target. E.ON expects to achieve a
debt factor of around 5 over the medium term, in particular by
earnings increases in its core business and the leveraging of
synergies identified in conjunction with the innogy transaction.

21

Economic Net Debt
Compared with the year-end 2019 figure of €38.9 billion, eco-
nomic net debt rose by €1.8 billion to €40.7 billion.

The increase in financial liabilities to €30.7 billion relative to
year-end 2019 is mainly attributable to E.ON SE's issuance of
€5 billion in bonds (see page 23). The issuance proceeds were
used in part to finance the squeeze-out of innogy SE's minority
shareholders and to repay, on schedule, bonds that had matured
(innogy SE: €750 million; E.ON International Finance B.V.:

€1.4 billion).

E.ON's net financial position increased by -€1.1 billion relative
to year-end 2019 to roughly -€24 billion. E.ON SE's dividend
payout, investment expenditures, and cash compensation for
innogy SE's minority shareholders as part of the squeeze-out
(see page 21) were largely offset by items that included operating
cash flow, the sales proceeds from the transfer of the (indirect)
stake in Nord Stream AG to the CTA (see page 23), and the sales
required under the antitrust clearance, in particular of innogy's
sales business in the Czech Republic (see page 21).

Despite an increase in plan assets, provisions for pensions were
higher, due mainly to a significant reduction in actuarial interest
rates, which led to an increase in defined benefit obligations.

Economic Net Debt

December 31
€ in millions 2020 2019°
Liquid funds 4,795 3,602
Non-current securities 1,887 2,354
Financial liabilities? -30,720 -28,947
FX hedging adjustment 82 166
Net financial position -23,956 -22,825
Provisions for pensions -8,088 -7,201
Asset-retirement obligations? -8,692 -8,869
Economic net debt 40,736 -38,895

Certain adjust ments to the preliminary accounting of the innogy acquisition, which was
provisional until September 18, 2020, must be presented retroactively to the acquisition date.
The prior-year figures were adjusted accordingly.

2Bonds issued by innogy are recorded at their nominal value. The figure shown in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets is €2.1 billion higher (year-end 2019: €2.5 billion higher).

®This figure is not the same as the asset-retirernent obligations shown in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets (€10,194 million at December 31, 2020; €10,571 million at December 31,
2019). This is because economic net debt is calculated in part based on the actual amount
of E.ON's obligations.


--- Page 19 ---

Business Report

Funding Policy and Initiatives

The key objective of E.ON's funding policy is for the Company to
have access to a variety of financing sources at all times. E.ON
achieves this objective by using different markets and debt
instruments to maximize the diversity of its investor base. E.ON
issues bonds with tenors that give its debt portfolio a balanced
maturity profile. Moreover, large-volume benchmark issues
may in some cases be combined with smaller issues, private
placements, and/or promissory notes. Furthermore, from 2019
onward E.ON has issued green bonds and has since established
them in its financing mix. In the future, E.ON intends to cover
more than 50 percent of its annual financing requirements with
green bonds.

At the beginning of March 2021, E.ON presented a new green
bond framework. In addition to compliance with the ICMA Green
Bond Principles, which until now set the standard for green
bonds on the capital market, the new E.ON framework is one
of the first in Europe to meet the criteria of the EU Taxonomy
Regulation on sustainable economic activities. The EU Taxonomy
Regulation defines which economic activity is to be classified

as ecologically sustainable and thus sets a Europewide standard
for sustainable investments. E.ON's green bond framework is
geared toward sustainable projects in both Energy Networks and
Customer Solutions.

External funding is generally carried out by E.ON SE, and the
funds are subsequently on-lent in the Group. In the past, external
funding was also carried out by the Company's Dutch finance
subsidiary, E.ON International Finance B.V. (“EIF"), under guar-
antee of E.ON SE, and by innogy SE and innogy Finance B.V.
under guarantee of innogy SE. As part of the process of inte-
grating the innogy Group, E.ON harmonized the E.ON Group's
funding structure. It offered innogy bondholders the option to
change the debtor of their bonds to E.ON by means of consent
solicitations or conversion offers. This offer was accepted for
99.95 percent of the bond volume. All bonds transferred now
have E.ON SE as debtor or guarantor (with EIF as issuer). In 2020
E.ON paid back in full maturities of €2.2 billion. E.ON issued
new debt totaling €5 billion (see page 23).

22

Financial Liabilities

December 31
€in billions 2020 2019
Bonds* 26.9 24.6
EUR 18.4 15.6
GBP 7.2 7.6
usD 08 0.9
JPY 0.3 0.3
Other currencies 0.2 0.2
Promissory notes 0.0 0.0
Commercial paper 0.0 01
Other liabilities 38 48
Total 30.7 29.5

AIncludes private placements.

With the exception of a U.S.-dollar-denominated bond issued in
2008, all of E.ON SE and EIF's currently outstanding bonds were
issued under a Debt Issuance Program ("DIP"). Similarly, innogy
and innogy Finance B.V. bonds were formerly issued under the
former innogy Group's DIP. A DIP simplifies a company's ability
to issue debt to investors in public and private placements in
flexible time frames. E.ON SE's DIP was last updated in March
2020 with a total volume of €35 billion, of which about €16 bil-
lion was utilized at year-end 2020. E.ON SE intends to renew
the DIP in 2021.

In addition to its DIP, E.ON has a €10 billion Commercial Paper

("CP") program and a US$10 billion CP program, under which it
can issue short-term notes. At year-end 2020 E.ON had no CP

outstanding (prior year: €50 million).

E.ON also has access to a five-year, €3.5 billion syndicated
credit facility, which was concluded on October 24, 2019, and
which includes two options to extend the facility, in each case
for one year. The first option to extend the facility for another
year was exercised in October 2020. The credit margin is linked,
among other things, to the development of certain ESG ratings,
which gives E.ON financial incentives to pursue a sustainable
corporate strategy. The ESG ratings are set by three renowned
agencies: ISS ESG, MSCI ESG Research, and Sustainalytics.
The facility serves as a reliable, ongoing general liquidity reserve
for the E.ON Group and can be drawn on as needed. The credit
facility is made available by 21 banks which constitute E.ON's
core group of banks.


--- Page 20 ---

23

Maturity Profile of Bonds Issued by E.ON SE, E.ON International Finance B.V., and innogy Finance B.V.

€ in billions

12.0

10.0

8.0

6.0

40

2.0

At December 31, 2020

2021 2022 2023 2024

In conjunction with the acquisition of innogy SE, on April 6, 2018,
E.ON originally secured a €5 billion acquisition facility, that it
partially cancelled down to €1.75 billion in August 2018. At the
conclusion of the squeeze-out, the facility was cancelled in
June 2020; the facility was undrawn.

Alongside financial liabilities, EON has, in the course of its busi-
ness operations, entered into contingencies and other financial
obligations. These include, in particular, guarantees, obligations
from legal disputes and damage claims, as well as current and
non-current contractual, legal, and other obligations. Notes 27,
28, and 32 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contain
more information about E.ON's bonds as wellas liabilities, con-
tingencies, and other commitments.

E.ON's creditworthiness has been assessed by Standard & Poor's
("S&P") and Moody's with long-term ratings of BBB and Baa2,
respectively. The outlook for both ratings is stable. In both cases
the ratings were based on the expectation that, over the near
to medium term, E.ON will be able to maintain a debt ratio
commensurate with these ratings. S&P’s and Moody's short-
term ratings are unchanged at A-2 and P-2, respectively.

2025 2026 2027 2028

E.ON SE Ratings
Longterm Short term Outlook
Moody's SCD Stable
Stable

Standard & Poor's BBB A-2

2029+

E.ON will continue to take into account the trust of rating
agencies, investors, and banks by means of a clear strategy and
transparent communications and therefore holds events that
include an annual informational meeting for its core group of
banks.

Investments

The E.ON Group's cash-effective investments in 2020 were
below the prior-year level. Factoring out the reporting-year and
prior-year payments in conjunction with the innogy transaction
(see commentary under Corporate Functions/Other on page 40),
there would have been a significant increase in investments in
the core business. The E.ON Group invested about €4.4 billion
in property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets (prior
year: €3.8 billion). Share investments totaled -€0.2 billion versus
€1.7 billion in the prior year.

Investments

€ in millions 2020 2019 +/-%
Energy Networks 3,386 2,384 +42
Customer Solutions 790 1,008 -22
Renewables - 563 -
Corporate Functions/Other -278 1,329 -
Consolidation -2 1 -
Investments in core business 3,896 5,285 -26
Non-Core Business 275 207 +33
E.ON Group investments 4171 5,492 -24



--- Page 21 ---

Business Report

Energy Networks’ investments increased by 42 percent year on
year, from €2.4 billion to €3.4 billion. Investments in Germany
rose significantly, primarily because of the inclusion of innogy
operations. In addition, the increase reflected in particular new
connections. Investments in new connections and maintenance
were made in Sweden as well. Investments in East-Central
Europe/Turkey were also above the prior-year level. The inclusion
of innogy's operations in Hungary and Poland as well as VSE
Holding was one of the factors.

Customer Solutions invested €0.2 billion less than in the prior
year. Investments in Sweden declined significantly year on year
owing to the completion of the Hégbytorp project. In addition,
the prior-year figure included payments to acquire Coromatic,
a leading provider of critical building infrastructure in Scandina-
via. Investments in the United Kingdom were significantly lower
as well, primarily because of postponed investments for smart
meters. By contrast, the inclusion of innogy's operations in
Germany and Poland resulted in higher investments. In addition,
E.ON Business Solutions invested in significantly more distrib-
uted-generation projects than in the prior year.

After the transfer of substantially all of the Renewables segment
to RWE in September 2019 and its remaining operations to
other E.ON segments, effective 2020 the Renewables segment
therefore no longer exists.

Subsequent purchase-price reductions in conjunction with the
innogy acquisition had a positive impact on investments recorded
at Corporate Functions/Other in 2020. Because these payments
are for E.ON's account, they reduce investments. The prior-year
figure primarily reflects payments in conjunction with the public
takeover offer and for the acquisition of additional innogy stock
on-market.

Investments at Non-Core Business were €68 million above the
prior-year level. The prior-year figure reflects, in particular, pay-
ments in conjunction with the innogy transaction recorded at
PreussenElektra. By contrast, PreussenElektra’s investments to
acquire residual power output rights were higher than in the
prior year.

Cash Flow

Cash provided by operating activities of continuing and discon-
tinued operations before interest and taxes of €5.9 billion was
significantly above the prior-year level (€4.4 billion). Energy Net-
works recorded an increase of €1.9 billion year on year thanks
to positive working capital effects at the previous E.ON network
business and the inclusion, for the first time, of innogy’s network
operations for the entire year.

24

Customer Solutions’ cash flow of €0.4 billion was below the
prior-year level, mainly due to the inclusion of innogy’s operations
in the United Kingdom and to the changes in segment reporting,
which, for comparative purposes, were also made to the prior
year (see page 21). The absence of Renewables’ €0.2 billion con-
tribution relative to the prior year was another factor.

Cash provided by operating activities of continuing and dis-
continued operations also rose because of lower tax payments
(+€0.8 billion), whereas higher interest payments on innogy's
debt had a negative impact (-€0.1 billion).

Cash provided by investing activities of continuing and discon-
tinued operations totaled -€1.9 billion versus -€5.8 billion in
2019. Expenditures were recorded in the prior year for the acqui-
sition of innogy stock, whereas in the 2020 financial year cash
provided by investing activities benefited from a subsequent
purchase-price payment from RWE. In addition, the payment
received in the first quarter of 2020 for the indirect stake in
Nord Stream AG that was transferred to the CTA in 2019, the
sale of innogy’s sales business in the Czech Republic, an advance
payment in connection with the agreed-on sale of the stake in
Rampion, and the sale of substantial parts of the heating electricity
business in Germany had a positive impact on cash provided by
investing activities.

Cash Flow*

€in millions 2020 2019
Operating cash flow 5,313 2,965
Operating cash flow before interest and taxes? 5,948 4,407
Cash provided by (used for) investing

activities -1,864 -5,820
Cash provided by (used for) financing

activities -2,624 792

From continuing and discontinued operations.
2Excluding the innogy business in the Czech Republic reclassified in accordance with IFRS 5
and deconsolidated on October 30, 2020.

Cash provided by financing activities of continuing and discon-
tinued operations of -€2.6 billion was €3.4 billion below the
prior-year figure of +€0.8 billion, principally because of payments
in conjunction with the compensation of innogy SE's remaining
minority shareholders and E.ON SE's higher dividend payout
relative to the prior year.


--- Page 22 ---

Asset Situation

Total assets and liabilities of roughly €95.4 billion were

€2.7 billion, or 3 percent, below the figure at year-end 2019.
Non-current assets declined by €0.3 billion year on year to
€75.5 billion. This is mainly attributable to an increase in assets
and preliminary goodwill from the acquisition of VSE Holding.
Areduction in financial assets, particularly companies accounted
for using the equity method and non-current securities, had a
countervailing effect.

Current assets declined by €2.4 billion, or 11 percent, from
€22.3 billion to roughly €19.9 billion. This resulted mainly from
a decline in other operating assets and the deconsolidation of
assets that had been reclassified as assets held for sale pursuant
to IFRS 5: innogy's business in the Czech Republic, the heating
electricity business in Germany, and a business in Hungary. This
was partially offset by an increase in liquid funds.

The equity ratio (including non-controlling interests) at year-

end 2020 was 9 percent, which is 5 percentage points lower
than at year-end 2019. The reduction in the equity ratio mainly

Consolidated Assets, Liabilities, and Equity

25

reflects the merger squeeze-out of innogy SE's remaining minority
shareholders (see page 21). Equity was also reduced by the
dividend payout totaling €1.6 billion, the remeasurement of
pension obligations, and other items not affecting net income
recorded under other comprehensive income. By contrast, net
income for the 2020 financial year served to increase equity.

Non-current debt rose by €2.8 billion, or 5 percent, chiefly
because of the development of non-current bonds and an
increase in pension obligations.

Current debt of €24.7 billion was 5 percent below the figure

at year-end 2019. The reason was the deconsolidation of debt
that had previously been reclassified pursuant to IFRS 5 at
innogy's business in the Czech Republic, the heating electricity
business in Germany, and a business in Hungary. The repayment
of financial liabilities was another factor.

Dec. 31, Dec. 31,
€ in millions 2020 % 2019 %
Non-current assets 75,484 79 75,786 77
Current assets 19,901 21 22,294 23
Total assets 95,385 100 98,080 100
Equity 9,055 9 13,248 14
Non-current liabilities 61,761 65 58,982 60
Current liabilities 24,569 26 25,850 26

95,385 100 98,080 100

Additional information about E.ON's asset situation is contained
in Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


--- Page 23 ---

Business Report

Business Segments

Energy Networks

Power and Gas Passthrough

Power and gas passthrough in Germany in 2020 rose significantly
owing to the inclusion of innogy operations. Gas passthrough of
the previous E.ON network business was at the prior-year level,

26

whereas its power passthrough declined, in part because of the
Covid-19 pandemic.

Power passthrough in Sweden was almost unchanged from the
prior year.

Energy Passthrough
East-Central Europe/

Germany Sweden Turkey Total
Billion kWh 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
Fourth quarter
Power 64.4 62.4 9.5 98 178 16.5 91.7 88.7
Line loss, station use, etc. 2.0 19 0.3 0.3 09 1.0 3.2 3.2
Gas 60.6 54.3 - - 16.1 14.4 76.7 68.7
Full year
Power 226.9 144.2 34.7 35.5 64.1 46.0 325.7 225.7
Line loss, station use, etc. 71 48 11 11 3.9 29 12.1 8.8
Gas 170.6 118.5 - - 46.2 44.5 216.8 163.0

The inclusion of innogy's network business in Hungary and Poland
and the acquisition of VSE Holding Slovakia led to a significant
structural increase in East-Central Europe/Turkey's power pass-
through. Gas passthrough rose slightly owing to the inclusion of
the innogy business in Croatia. Power and gas passthrough at
the previous E.ON network business was at the prior-year level.

System Length and Network Customers

E.ON's power system in Germany was about 705,000 kilometers
long, roughly the same as in 2019. As in the prior year, at year-
end it had about 15.1 million connection points for power in its
service territory. E.ON's gas system was around 104,000 kilo-
meters long and had 1.8 million connection points, likewise
essentially unchanged from 2019.

The length of E.ON's power system in Sweden was roughly
139,000 kilometers (prior year: 138,000 kilometers). The
number of customers in the power distribution system was
about 1.1 million (prior year: about 1 million).

E.ON operates electricity networks in East-Central Europe/
Turkey with a total system length of 322,000 kilometers and
supplies about 9.7 million network customers. System length
and the number of network customers are thus significantly
higher than the prior-year figures of 296,000 kilometers and

9 million. The increase is principally attributable to the acquisition
of VSE Holding. Gas networks operated by E.ON are roughly
48,000 kilometers long (prior year: roughly 46,000 kilometers).
This increase is primarily attributable to the acquisition of two
distribution system operators in Croatia, which are not material
for the Group as a whole. The number of gas network customers
was unchanged at around 2.6 million.


--- Page 24 ---

Sales and Adjusted EBIT

Energy Networks’ sales and adjusted EBIT in 2020 were
significantly above the prior-year level, in particular due to
the inclusion of innogy operations.

Sales and adjusted EBIT in Germany were €14.6 billion and
€2.2 billion, respectively. As described above, the year-on-year
increase is principally attributable to the inclusion of innogy
operations. Sales at the previous E.ON network business were
at the prior-year level. A decline in power passthrough was
offset by non-recurring regulatory items. By contrast, adjusted
EBIT of the previous E.ON network business declined slightly
owing in part to mild weather and Covid-19. However, these
effects will be largely offset in subsequent years.

27

In Sweden sales and adjusted EBIT in 2020 were significantly
below the prior-year level. Lower network fees in conjunction with
the start of the new regulatory period constituted the primary
reason for the decline in sales and earnings.

Sales and adjusted EBIT in East-Central Europe/Turkey rose sig-
nificantly, likewise because of the innogy takeover. The previous
E.ON operations’ sales and earnings were slightly higher.

Energy Networks
East-Central Europe/

Germany Sweden Turkey Total
€ in millions 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
Fourth quarter
Sales 4,102 4,031 240 276 910 663 5,252 4,970
Adjusted EBITDA? 1,028 958 137 183 296 262 1,461 1,403
Adjusted EBIT* 626 592 96 145 200 170 922 907
Full year
Sales 14,563 9,161 889 1,024 2,832 1,913 18,284 12,098
Adjusted EBITDA? 3,628 2,313 529 692 1,042 789 5,199 3,794
Adjusted EBIT* 2,182 1,455 371 539 700 507 3,253 2,501

AIncludes effects of retrospective changes in connection with the adjustment of the provisional recognition of the innogy acquisition until September 18, 2020; the previous year was adjusted

accordingly.


--- Page 25 ---

Business Report 2 8

Customer Solutions

Power and Gas Sales Volume

This segment's power sales in 2020 increased by 154.9 billion kWh
to 369 billion kWh. Its gas sales rose by 124.3 billion kWh to
381.6 billion kWh. The inclusion of innogy operations for the first
time for the entire year was the main reason.

Power Sales
Netherlands/

Germany United Kingdom? Belgium Other? Total
Billion kWh 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
Fourth quarter
Residential and SME 77 9.6 6.3 65 2.3 2.1 8.1 8.2 24.4 26.4
1&C 6.7 9.5 8.1 91 17 2.1 71 8.4 23.6 29.1
Sales partners 20.2 36.3 06 06 - - 2.2 0.2 23.0 37.1
Customer groups 34.6 55.4 15.0 16.2 4.0 42 174 16.8 71.0 92.6
Wholesale market 20.3 3.3 3.9 5.0 2.2 49 3.5 23 29.9 15.5
Total 54.9 58.7 18.9 21.2 6.2 9.1 20.9 19.1 100.9 108.1
Fulyer
Residential and SME 31.5 21.0 22.4 18.1 76 24 30.6 25.3 92.1 66.8
1&C 30.9 20.3 31.5 18.9 6.2 2.3 29.4 28.3 98.0 69.8
Sales partners 72.5 40.8 2.2 06 - - 3.8 0.7 78.5 42.1
Customer groups 134.9 82.1 56.1 37.6 13.8 47 63.8 54.3 268.6 178.7
Wholesale market 61.4 12.7 20.5 87 6.5 49 12.0 9.1 100.4 35.4
Total 196.3 94.8 76.6 46.3 20.3 9.6 75.8 63.4 369.0 214.1
‘The line item "wholesale market” includes changes made retroactively
2Excludes E.ON Business Solutions
Gas Sales

Netherlands/

Germany United Kingdom? Belgium Other? Total
Billion kWh 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
Fourth quarter
Residential and SME 145 15.1 16.5 18.3 5.4 9.4 10.6 9.2 47.0 52.0
1&C 79 8.6 2.7 3.8 76 5.2 6.2 6.9 24.4 24.5
Sales partners 14.6 36.3 2.3 25 - - 0.5 0.6 17.4 39.4
Customer groups 37.0 60.0 21.5 24.6 13.0 14.6 17.3 16.7 88.8 115.9
Wholesale market 13.6 48 11.3 13.2 9.1 24.1 1.0 2.2 35.0 44.3
Total 50.6 64.8 32.8 37.8 22.1 38.7 18.3 18.9 123.8 160.2
Full year
Residential and SME 40.7 27.3 49.1 39.5 21.6 9.7 29.6 27.7 141.0 104.2
1&C 25.2 18.2 10.3 10.1 26.6 5.9 21.2 23.3 83.3 57.5
Sales partners 45.3 37.5 6.8 25 - - 14 1.6 53.5 41.6
Customer groups 111.2 83.0 66.2 52.1 48.2 15.6 52.2 52.6 2778 203.3
Wholesale market 44.5 11.7 27.7 13.2 25.8 24.1 5.8 5.0 103.8 54.0
Total 155.7 94.7 93.9 65.3 74.0 39.7 58.0 57.6 381.6 257.3

The line item "wholesale market” includes changes made retroactively.
2Excludes E.ON Business Solutions.


--- Page 26 ---

The sales business in Germany increased its power sales to
196.3 billion kWh relative to 2019 owing primarily to the inclu-
sion of innogy operations. On balance, the previous E.ON sales
business in Germany sold more power as well. Power sales to
residential and small and medium enterprise ("SME") customers
were below the prior-year level due to the sale of the heating
electricity business. Power sales to industrial and commercial
("I&C") customers declined year on year, primarily because of
changes in the customer portfolio and the repercussions of
Covid-19. Power sales to the wholesale market were significantly
above the prior-year level, mainly owing to reselling related to
Covid-19 and to the optimization of the procurement portfolio.
Gas sales of 155.7 billion kWh were 61 billion kWh above the
prior-year level, principally because of the inclusion of innogy
operations. The previous E.ON business's gas sales to residential
and SME customers and to I1&C customers decreased owing
to weather factors. Gas sales to 1&C customers also declined
because of changes in the customer portfolio. The optimization
of the procurement portfolio led to a significant increase in gas
sales to the wholesale market.

Power sales in the United Kingdom increased to 76.6 billion kWh
in 2020, owing in particular to the inclusion of innogy operations.
The previous E.ON business's sales to residential and SME
customers and I&C customers declined, mainly because of the
Covid-19 pandemic. Gas sales in the United Kingdom rose sig-
nificantly as well (+44 percent), primarily because of innogy
operations. Covid-19's repercussions led to lower gas sales at
the previous E.ON U.K. business. In addition, warmer weather
in 2020 had an adverse impact on gas sales to residential and
SME customers.

The Netherlands/Belgium unit, which consists exclusively

of originally innogy business operations, sold 20.3 billion kWh
of power and 74 billion kWh of gas in 2020 (prior year: 9.6 bil-
lion kWh and 39.7 billion kWh, respectively).

Power sales at the Other unit rose by 12.4 billion kWh, primarily
owing to the inclusion of innogy operations in Hungary and
Poland. Power sales in the other previous E.ON regions declined.
Power sales to residential and SME customers were below the
prior-year level, particularly in Italy. The impact of Covid-19 in
the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Italy along with lower customer

29

numbers in Romania were the principal reasons for the decline
in power sales to 1&C customers. Power sales to 1&C customers
in Sweden were higher thanks to new sales contracts. Power
sales to sales partners increased significantly as well, mainly
because of a new customer relationship at the previous E.ON
sales business in Hungary. Power sales to the wholesale market
rose, primarily because of an increase in reselling in the Czech
Republic and Italy. This was partially offset by a decline in whole-
sale market sales in Sweden.

Other's gas sales were 0.4 billion kWh higher. The inclusion of
innogy operations in Hungary and Poland had a positive impact,
whereas gas sales in nearly all other previous E.ON regions
declined. Gas sales to residential and SME customers were
slightly above the prior-year level. Slightly higher customer
numbers and cold weather in Romania were the primary reasons.
Gas sales to 1&C customers decreased, principally because of

a decline in customer numbers in Romania, the sale of the LPG
business in Sweden in the second quarter of 2019, and deterio-
rated market conditions in Italy and the Czech Republic due to
Covid-19. Gas sales to the wholesale market were at the prior-
year level. Higher reselling in Italy was offset by lower sales
volume in Sweden.

Customer Numbers

This segment's fully consolidated companies had about 40.7 mil-
lion customers at year-end 2020, nearly at the prior-year level
of 41.1 million. The sale of the heating electricity reduced the
number of customers in Germany to 13.9 million (prior year:
14.2 million). Customer numbers in the United Kingdom declined
from 10.9 to 10.3 million amid the ongoing restructuring of the
sales business. There were losses among power as well as gas
customers. By contrast, the customer base grew in the Nether-
lands/Belgium, mainly through new acquisitions; this unit had
4.6 million customers at year-end 2020 (prior year: roughly
4.3 million). The total number of customers in the other countries
where this segment operates rose from 11.8 to 11.9 million,
principally because of the successful acquisition of residential
and SME customers in Romania.


--- Page 27 ---

Business Report

Customer Solutions

30

Netherlands/

Germany United Kingdom Belgium Other Total

€ in millions 2020 2019 +2020 +=2019 «= «2020S 2019S «2020» 2019» 2020S 2019
Fourth quarter

Sales? 6669 7,033 3,917 4,299 940 933 2470 2,580 13,996 14,845

Adjusted EBITDA? 154 436 96 -113 51 50 114 96 223 469

Adjusted EBIT? 116 377 -127.— -162 35 36 52 39 76 290

22,550 12,906 13,993 9,645 2,959 991 8840 8,252 48,342 31,794

Adjusted EBITDA2 546 427 1 32 152 54 307 276 1,006 789

Adjusted EBIT? 412 308-129-106 80 37 91 111 454 350

Adjustment of prior-year figures in the context of “failed-own-use"-accounting with no impact on earnings.
2Includes the effects of retrospective changes in connection with the adjustment of the provisional recognition of the innogy acquisition until September 18, 2020; the previous year was adjusted

accordingly.

Sales and Adjusted EBIT

Customer Solutions’ sales of €48.3 billion in 2020 were about
52 percent more than in the prior year. Adjusted EBIT rose by
€104 million.

The increase in sales in Germany is primarily attributable to the
inclusion of innogy operations and to higher sales volume on the
wholesale market and the passthrough of cost components at
the previous E.ON business. The sale of the heating electricity
business in Germany had an adverse impact. Adjusted EBIT was
significantly higher due to the inclusion of innogy operations.
The decline in the previous E.ON business's adjusted EBIT was
mainly caused by Covid-19 and weather factors.

Sales in the United Kingdom were likewise significantly above
the prior-year level due to the inclusion of innogy operations.
Sales declined at the previous E.ON business, primarily owing to
weather factors and lower consumption resulting from Covid-19.
Adjusted EBIT was significantly lower than in the prior year.
This is attributable to the aforementioned decline in sales at the
previous E.ON business and the inclusion of innogy operations.
By contrast, cost savings had a positive impact.

Sales and adjusted EBIT in the Netherlands/Belgium were

€3 billion and €80 million, respectively (prior year: €1 billion
and €37 million, respectively). The year-on-year increase is
principally attributable to the inclusion of this unit for the first
time for the entire year.

Other's sales rose by €588 million, principally because of the
inclusion of innogy operations. By contrast, sales in the previous
E.ON regions declined. Lower prices in Italy and Hungary were
the primary reasons. Adjusted EBIT decreased by €20 million
to €91 million, mainly because of effects resulting from the
Covid-19 pandemic in the Czech Republic and Hungary as well as
the inclusion of innogy’s business with new customer solutions.
This was partially offset by items that included the contribution
from innogy operations in Poland.

Non-Core Business

Fully Consolidated and Attributable Generating Capacity
As in the prior-year, PreussenElektra's fully consolidated and
attributable generating capacity at year-end 2020 totaled
3,828 MW and 3,319 MW, respectively.

PreussenElektra's Power Generation

Power procured (owned generation and purchases) in the 2020
financial year was 2.8 billion kWh below the prior-year level.
The year-on-year decline is primarily attributable to the transfer
of minority stakes in Gundremmingen and Emsland nuclear
power stations to RWE.


--- Page 28 ---

Power Generation

31

PreussenElektra

Billion kWh 2020 2019
Fourth quarter
Owned generation 74 17
Purchases 04 0.2
Jointly owned power plants - -
Third parties 0.4 0.2
Total 78 79
Station use, line loss, etc. - -
Power sales 78 79
Full year
Owned generation 28.4 30.1
Purchases 14 25
Jointly owned power plants - 0.9
Third parties 14 16
Total 29.8 32.6
Station use, line loss, etc. -0.1 -0.1
Power sales 29.7 32.5

Sales and Adjusted EBIT

Sales at Non-Core Business of €1,388 mi
above the prior-year figure. Adjusted EBIT increased by
€47 million to €413 million.

ion were €214 million

PreussenElektra’s sales rose year on year, mainly because of
higher sales prices. The absence of sales from Gundremmingen
and Emsland was a countervailing factor.

Non-Core Business

Adjusted EBIT was significantly above the prior-year level.
Higher sales prices were the principal factor in the significant
increase in PreussenElektra's adjusted EBIT. They were partially
offset by the absence of earnings from stakes in nuclear power
stations that had been transferred and by higher expenditures
for residual power output rights. By contrast, equity earnings on
E.ON's stake in Enerjisa Uretim declined significantly. Operating
improvements were more than offset by currency-translation
effects resulting from the weakening of the Turkish lira and by
impairment charges on certain legacy projects.

PreussenElektra Generation Turkey Total

€ in millions 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019

Fourth quarter

Sales 360 308 - - 360 308

Adjusted EBITDA 253 120 3 4 256 124

Adjusted EBIT 112 36 3 4 115 40

Full year

Sales 1,388 1,174 - - 1,388 1,174

Adjusted EBITDA 895 543 30 74 925 617
292 30 74 413 366

Adjusted EBIT 383


--- Page 29 ---

Business Report

E.ON SE's Earnings, Financial, and Asset
Situation

E.ON SE prepares its Financial Statements in accordance with
the German Commercial Code, the SE Ordinance (in conjunction
with the German Stock Corporation Act), and the Electricity and
Gas Supply Act (Energy Industry Act).

Balance Sheet of E.ON SE (Summary)

32

The change in financial assets is mainly attributable to an
increase in loans to affiliated companies. The increase in receiv-
ables from affiliated companies and liabilities to affiliated
companies resulted from the assumption of innogy SE's cash
and cash equivalents accounts.

The change in equity mainly reflects the fact that net income
was higher in 2020 than in the prior year. The decline in other
liabilities resulted from the transfer of innogy SE's renewables
business, its gas-storage business, and its stake in Austrian
energy utility KELAG Karntner Elektrizitats-Aktiengesellschaft to

December 31
Ein millions won 019 RWE in 2020, which fulfilled the obligation to RWE disclosed
> Os ___ inthe prior year. Deferred income includes premiums from the
Intangible assets 46 — transfer of non-current innogy SE bonds to E.ON SE.
Property, plant, and equipment 15 10
Financial assets CES 45,067 The issuance of bonds with a total nominal value of €5,000 mil-
Non-current assets 45,749 45,077 lion and the €1,186 million increase in liquid funds were the
Receivables from affiliated companies 10,798 5,934 main items affecting the Company's financial situation.
Other receivables and assets 648 1,522
Liquid funds 2,646 1,460 Information on treasury shares can be found in Note 20 to the
Current assets 14,092 8,916 Consolidated Financial Statements.
Accrued expenses 66 35
Asset surplus after offsetting of benefit
obligations 4 3 Income Statement of E.ON SE (Summary)
Total assets 59,911 54,031 € in millions 2020 2019
Equity 10,643 9,728 Income from equity interests 2,405 1,620
Provisions 1,236 1,061 Interest income/loss 24 -127
Bonds 11,621 6,000 Other expenditures and income -624 -763
Liabilities to affiliated companies 35,683 31,040 Taxes 309 59
Other liabilities 467 6,195 Net income 2,114 789
Deferred income 261 7 Profit carryforward from the prior year 10 121
Total equity and liabilities 59,911 54,031 Net income transferred to retained earnings - 300

Net incom le for distribution 2,124 1,210

As in the prior year, E.ON's earnings, financial, and asset situa-
tion in the 2020 financial year was influenced primarily by the
agreement reached between E.ON and RWE on March 12, 2018,
to transfer business operations and the integration of innogy.



--- Page 30 ---

E.ON SE is the parent company of the E.ON Group. As such, its
earnings situation is affected by income from equity interests.
The increase in income from equity interests reflects, in partic-
ular, profit transfers of €3,384 million from E.ON Beteiligungen
GmbH and €267 million from E.ON Finanzanlagen GmbH. The
profit transfer from E.ON Beteiligungen GmbH includes the
gain of €2,821 million from the merger of innogy SE into E.ON
Verwaltungs SE (which now does business as innogy SE). How-
ever, this gain was almost entirely offset by impairment charges
on equity interests recorded at innogy SE. Income from equity
interests was adversely affected primarily by expenditures from
loss transfers of €1,282 million. These were mainly attributable
to a subsidiary that recorded significant impairment charges on
equity interests in affiliated companies.

The improvement in net interest income mainly reflects tax-
related interest income. The negative balance of other income
and expenses in 2020 resulted from €209 million in expenses
for purchased third-party services, €153 million in personnel-
related expenses, €131 million in consulting services and

€128 million in net expenses from currency hedging. The final
settlement of the overall transaction with RWE resulted in a total
expense of €97 million at E.ON SE after internal passthrough.

In the year under review, on balance the Company's income taxes
yielded tax income of €309 million, which encompasses the
year under review as well as prior years. Applying the minimum
tax rate resulted in corporate taxes and solidarity surcharges
totaling about €2 million in 2020. The Company did not record
expenditures for trade taxes. For previous years the Company
recorded tax income of €311 million.

At the Annual Shareholders Meeting in 2021, the Management
Board will propose that net income available for distribution
be used to pay a dividend of €0.47 per ordinary share and the
remaining amount of €899 million to be brought forward as
retained earnings. Management's proposal for the use of net
income available for distribution is based on the number of ordi-
nary shares on March 15, 2021, the date the Financial State-
ments of E.ON SE were prepared.

The E.ON SE Management Board has decided on a dividend
policy that foresees annual growth in the dividend per share of
up to 5 percent through the dividend for the 2023 financial
year. E.ON will aim for an annual increase in dividend per share
after this as well.

33

The complete Financial Statements of E.ON SE, with an unqual-
ified opinion issued by the auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers
GmbH, Wirtschaftspriifungsgesellschaft, Diisseldorf, will be
announced in the Bundesanzeiger. The Financial Statements of
E.ON SE are available on the internet at www.eon.com.

Other Financial and Non-financial Performance
Indicators

ROCE
ROCE is a pretax total return on capital and is defined as the
ratio of adjusted EBIT to annual average capital employed.

Annual average capital employed represents the interest-bearing
capital invested in E.ON's operating business. It is calculated

by subtracting non-interest-bearing available capital from non-
current and current operating assets. Depreciable non-current
assets are included at their book value. Goodwill from acquisitions
is included at acquisition cost, as long as this reflects its fair
value. In order to better depict intraperiod fluctuations in average
capital employed, annual average capital employed is calculated
as the arithmetic average of the amounts at the beginning of the
year and the end of the year.

Significant changes to E.ON's portfolio during the course of the
year were factored into average capital employed. Consequently,
the innogy Group's assets and debt relevant for capital employed
were included effective the end of September 2019. The com-
ponents of capital employed attributable to the discontinued
operations at Renewables transferred to RWE were included
until the end of September 2019 (footnote 4 of the ROCE table
below contains more information).

Annual average capital employed does not include the marking
to market of other share investments and derivatives. The
purpose of excluding these items is to provide us with a more
consistent picture of E.ON's ROCE performance.


--- Page 31 ---

Business Report

ROCE Performance in 2020

ROCE decreased from 8.3 percent in 2019, to 6.2 percent in
2020 owing mainly to the increase in average capital employed.
The primary reasons are the inclusion of the innogy Group's
assets for the first time for the entire year (including goodwill
from the purchase-price allocation) and the innogy Group's debt.

34

innogy operations are fully included in capital employed, whereas
the synergies associated with the transaction will only emerge
over time. E.ON therefore assumes that ROCE will increase in
the future.

The table below shows the E.ON Group's ROCE and its derivation.

ROCE

€ in millions 2020 2019¢
Property, plant, and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets, and goodwill? 61,148 59,950
Shares in affiliated and associated companies and other share investments 6,266 6,963
Non-current assets 67,414 66,913
Inventories 1,131 1,252
Other non-interest-bearing assets/liabilities, including deferred income and deferred tax assets? -5,818 -2,187
Current assets -4,687 935
Non-interest-bearing provisions? -3,408 -3,557
Capital employed in continuing and discontinued operations‘ 59,319 62,421
Annual average capital employed in continuing and discontinued operations* 60,870 38,678
Adjusted EBIT® 3,776 3,220
ROCE® 6.2% 8.3%

{Depreciable non-current assets are included at their book value. Goodwill from acquisitions is included at acquisition cost, as long as this reflects its fair value.

2Examples of other non-interest-bearing assets/liabilities include income tax receivables and liabilities.

®Non-interest-bearing provisions include current provisions, such as those relating to sales and procurement market obligations. In particular, they do not include provisions for pensions or

nuclear-waste management.

Asa rule, weighted capital employed is the arithmetical average of capital employed at the beginning and the end of the year. To adequately portray the innogy takeover in September 2019, capital
employed in 2019 was weighted on the basis of a number of month-end figures. This calculation reflected the following parameters:
a) Capital employed of continuing operations at December 31, 2018: €29.4 billion (includes the discontinued operations at Renewables).
) Capital employed of continuing operations at June 30, 2019, projected to September 30, 2019, on the basis of net investments and depreciation charges: €32.4 billion (includes the discontinued

operations at Renewables)

©) Capital employed of continuing operations at October 1, 2019: €61.7 billion (includes innogy and excludes the discontinued operations at Renewables).
4) Capital employed of continuing operations at December 31, 2019: €62.4 billion (includes innogy and excludes the businesses transferred to RWE). Due to retroactive changes in innogy's

purchase-price allocation, this value was adjusted retrospectively.

75 percent of the average of parameters a) and b) is factored into average capital employed, as is 25 percent of the mean of parameters ¢) and d).
Adjusted for non-operating effects; for purposes of internal management control, adjusted EBIT includes the adjusted EBIT from the operations at Renewables classified as discontinued operations

and deconsolidated in September 2019.
“ROCE = adjusted EBIT divided by average capital employed.

Employees

Integration of innogy

Following the legal integration of the innogy Group, a major
focus in 2020 was on the transfer of innogy employees to their
respective E.ON target companies. These transfers were imple-
mented on schedule at the predefined transition dates and were
thus almost completed in 2020.

To implement these transfers, E.ON concluded numerous
agreements with trade unions and employee representatives at
the collective-bargaining and company level. The negotiations
were conducted under challenging conditions owing to the
Covid-19 pandemic. However, E.ON's proven social partnership

made it possible to hold constructive discussions and to find
suitable solutions that address the interests of employees who
will be affected by the upcoming change process. The afore-
mentioned cooperation between the Company and employee
representatives also made it possible to find socially responsible
solutions for the redundancies resulting from the innogy inte-
gration. Numerous employees made use of the jointly defined
mechanisms for voluntarily departing the Group.

E.ON has a long tradition of maintaining a constructive, mutually
trusting partnership with employee representatives. This rela-
tionship lays the foundation for a successful social partnership,
particularly in a continually changing business environment.


--- Page 32 ---

People Strategy

In 2020 E.ON also focused on the development of its new Group
People Strategy ("GPS"), which will serve as the compass to
guide the Company's ongoing transformation and promote its
lasting success amid a rapidly changing world. The development
process reflected, in particular, the innogy integration, which
necessitated a review and modification of E.ON and innogy's
previous people strategies. The new GPS sets four people prior-
ities for the entire Group: Future of Work, Diversity and Inclusion,
Sustainability, and Leadership. These priorities will guide E.ON's
human resources activities for the next three years. The new GPS
will be brought to life by Group-wide and unit-level people activ-
ities, especially by means of existing Group-wide initiatives, such
as Grow@E.ON, a competency model for the professional and
personal development of the Company's employees and man-
agers. GPS's implementation is flexible and modular to accom-
modate the differences between business units.

Diversity

Going forward, diversity will remain a key element of E.ON's com-
petitiveness. Diversity and a mutually appreciative corporate
culture promote creativity and innovation. Diversity is also a core
E.ON value. E.ON brings together a diverse team of people who
differ by nationality, age, gender, religion, sexual orientation and
identity, and/or ethnic origin and social background. E.ON specifi-
cally fosters and utilizes diversity and creates an inclusive work
environment. This is an important factor in business success:
only a company that embraces diversity and knows how to ben-
efit from it will be able to remain an attractive employer.

In addition, a diverse workforce enables E.ON to do an even
better job of meeting customers’ specific needs and requirements.
As far back as 2006 E.ON issued a Group Policy on Equal Oppor-
tunity and Diversity. In late 2016 E.ON along with the SE Works
Council of E.ON SE renewed this commitment to diversity. In
April 2018 the E.ON Management Board, the German Group
Works Council, and the Group representation for severely disabled
persons signed the Shared Understanding of Implementing
Inclusion at E.ON, creating an important foundation for integrating
people with disabilities into the organization.

35

In 2008 E.ON publicly affirmed its commitment to fairness and
respect by signing the German Diversity Charter, which now has
about 3,500 signatories. E.ON therefore belongs to a large net-
work of companies committed to diversity, tolerance, fairness,
and respect. E.ON assumed innogy's membership in the German
Diversity Charter and has thus been an active member since 2020.

E.ON's approach to promoting diversity is holistic, encompassing
all dimensions of diversity. In 2020 the Company again imple-
mented numerous measures to promote diversity at E.ON.
Fostering female managers’ career development remains an
important dimension. E.ON set an ambitious target to increase
the proportion of women in management positions. Over the
long term, E.ON wants the proportion of women in management
positions Group-wide to be roughly the same as the proportion
of women in its overall workforce. At year-end 2020, 32 percent
of E.ON employees were women. E.ON will increase the propor-
tion of women in its talent pool accordingly.

Support mechanisms that address employees’ differing needs
have for years been firmly established at the E.ON Group.
Examples include mentorship programs for next-generation
managers, coaching, training to prevent unconscious bias,
support for childcare, and flexible work schedules.

Also, E.ON is continuing innogy's membership in Initiative
Women into Leadership (“IWiL"), a non-profit initiative based
in Germany. innogy was one of IWiL's founding members. The
initiative's purpose is to recruit outstanding personalities from
various social spheres—including business, culture, the media,
and science—to serve as mentors to support highly qualified and
successful women on their way to the top.

More information about E.ON's compliance with Germany's Law
for the Equal Participation of Women and Men in Leadership
Positions in the Private Sector and the Public Sector can be found
in the Corporate Governance Declaration on pages 70 to 79.


--- Page 33 ---

Business Report

Workforce Figures

At year-end 2020 the E.ON Group had 78,126 employees world-
wide, almost unchanged (-1 percent) from year-end 2019.
E.ON also had 2,494 apprentices and 231 board members and
managing directors worldwide.

Employees?
December 31

Headcount 2020 2019 +1-%
Energy Networks 40,764 38,814 +5
Customer Solutions 31,463 33,038 -5
Corporate Functions/Other 4,029 5,218 -23
Core business 76,256 77,070 a
Non-Core Business 1,870 1,878 -
E.ON Group 78,126 78,948 a

*Does not include board members, managing directors, or apprentices.

The increase in Energy Networks’ headcount is chiefly attributable
to the acquisition of VSEH in Slovakia. The filling of vacancies to
expand the business and to meet regulatory requirements (in

Germany, predominantly with apprentices who had successfully

36

completed their training), the reintegration of certain IT functions,
and other structural effects also contributed to the increase.
The transfer of employees to Customer Solutions was a counter-
vailing factor.

The decline in the number of employees at Customer Solutions
mainly reflects restructuring projects, principally in the United
Kingdom. This was partially offset by acquisitions in the Nether-
lands and elsewhere as well as the transfer of employees from
Corporate Functions/Other and Energy Networks.

The number of employees at Corporate Functions/Other declined
significantly owing primarily to structural effects, such as the
transfer of employees to other segments, in part because of the
separation of innogy SE into subcompanies and their transfer
to the operating segments, as well as the restructuring of IT
functions. The sale of a company in Poland was another factor.

Geographic Profile

At year-end, 40,328 employees, or 52 percent of all employees,
were working outside Germany, almost unchanged from year-
end 2019 (51 percent).

Employees by Country*
Headcount FTE?
Dec. 31, Dec. 31, Dec. 31, Dec. 31,
2020 2019 2020 2019
Germany 37,798 38,336 36,090 36,510
United Kingdom 12,216 14,368 11,682 13,737
Hungary 7,943 8,129 7,918 8,104
Romania 6,710 6,579 6,559 6,410
Netherlands 3,288 2,888 2,840 2,628
Czech Republic 2,952 2,930 2,937 2,913
Sweden 2,355 2,286 2,331 2,263
Poland 1,816 2,018 1,802 2,003
Other? 3,048 1,414 3,009 1,385
Total 78,126 78,948 75,168 75,953

Figures do not include board members, managing directors, or apprentices.
2Includes Slovakia, Italy, Philippines, USA, Denmark, and other countries.
Full-time equivalent.


--- Page 34 ---

Gender and Age Profile, Part-time Staff
At the end of 2020, 32 percent of the Company's workforce
were women, roughly at the prior-year level (33 percent).

Proportion of Female Employees

Percentages 2020 2019

Energy Networks 22 22
Customer Solutions 44 44
Corporate Functions/Other 49 49
Core business 33 33
Non-Core Business 14 13
E.ON Group 32 33

At year-end 2020 the average member of the E.ON Group
workforce was about 42 years old and had worked for the
Company for 14 years.

Apprentices in Germany

37

Employees by Age

Percentages at year-end 2020 2019
30 and younger 20 20
31 to 50 50 50
51 and older 30 30

A total of 9,530 employees, or 12 percent of the E.ON Group
workforce, were on a part-time schedule. Of these, 6,439, or
68 percent, were women.

The turnover rate resulting from voluntary terminations averaged
3.5 percent across the organization, slightly lower than in the
prior year (4.6 percent).

Apprenticeships

E.ON continues to place great emphasis on vocational training
for young people. The E.ON Group had 2,395 apprentices and
work-study students in Germany at year-end 2020. As in the
prior year, this represented 6 percent of E.ON's total workforce
in Germany.

Headcount Percentage of workforce
Atyear-end 2020 2019 2020 2019
Energy Networks 2,098 2,149 76 8.0
Customer Solutions 59 61 08 08
Corporate Functions/Other 199 206 5.4 44
Core business 2,356 2,416 6.2 6.2
Non-Core Business 39 40 2.0 21
E.ON Group 2,395 2,456 6.0 6.0

E.ON provides vocational training in 28 careers and also offers
training and practically oriented work-study programs in 35 degree
areas in order to meet its own needs for skilled workers and to
take targeted action to address the consequences of demographic
change. In addition, E.ON offers young people the opportunity
to receive training to qualify for an apprenticeship.


--- Page 35 ---

Forecast Report

Forecast Report
Business Environment

Macroeconomic Situation

Despite the availability of vaccines and countries’ various vacci-
nation strategies, the Covid-19 pandemic seems unlikely to end
in the near future. For the time being, therefore, the current
phase of economic weakness can be expected to continue. This
applies to the energy industry as well. For example, electricity
consumption declined in 2020. Compared with other industries,
however, the economic repercussions in the energy sector were
marginal.

The pandemic's barely predictable course makes precise eco-
nomic forecasts almost impossible. In addition, forecasts must
be assessed in temporal relation to the pandemic's course.
For example, in September 2020 (when infection rates were
relatively low) the ifo institute predicted that Germany would
achieve GDP growth of 5.1 percent in 2021. In December, amid
a renewed lockdown, it revised its growth forecast for 2021 to
4.2 percent.

The German Council of Economic Experts’ annual report,
published in December 2020, forecasts tepid economic growth
of around 0.5 percent in the first months of 2021. For the
remainder of the year, it expects Germany's economy to grow
by 3.7 percent. Germany's GDP for 2021 would thus be just
below the pre-crisis level of 2019 (GDP 2019: €3.44 trillion).

38

The European Commission's autumn economic forecast
published in November 2020 predicted that the EU's GDP will
shrink by 7.4 percent in 2020. In February 2021 the Commission
forecast euro zone GDP growth of 3.8 percent for both 2021
and 2022. Furthermore, the EU as a whole is expected to grow by
3.7 percent in 2021 and 3.9 percent in 2022. The EU economy
is expected to reach its pre-crisis level from 2019 (EU28 GDP:
€13.94 trillion) by mid-2022, resulting mainly from increased
growth in the second half of 2021 and in 2022. The International
Monetary Fund expects global GDP growth of 5.5 percent in
2021.

General Statement of E.ON's Future
Development

The integration of innogy successfully completed the E.ON
Group's restructuring. Nevertheless, the next few years will
reflect the new E.ON's ongoing efforts to build on this foundation
to propel Europe's energy transition in the digital age. From
April 2021 onward, Leonhard Birnbaum will become E.ON's new
CEO and oversee the continuation of its strategy. The smooth
transition at the top of the Company sets the stage for a seam-
less implementation of operating tasks. The focus will be on
expanding E.ON's business segments in order to generate addi-
tional growth. Europe's economic stimulus packages give E.ON
additional support. Around €60 billion of funding is earmarked
for climate projects across E.ON's markets. These projects will
promote decarbonization and thus the achievement of the EU's
climate targets.


--- Page 36 ---

Another focus following the innogy takeover will be on con-
tinuing to leverage synergies of around €740 million annually
from the end of 2022 onward. E.ON will also further articulate
its sustainability strategy. Combining all of E.ON’s U.K. sales
businesses in a new company, E.ONwex, will continue in 2021
as well. The new company will have state-of-the-art processes
and an agile IT platform. The transfer of energy customers in
Germany to a new digital platform will continue throughout 2021.
This segment remains committed to its IT and digital agenda.
This agenda's special significance was underscored by the
appointment of Victoria Ossadnik to the EON Management Board
effective April 1, 2021. She will be responsible for the Group's
digitalization. The focus will be on developing advanced, power-
ful support systems and continually safeguarding of E.ON's IT
systems against cyberattacks. Energy Networks will make
significant IT investments in 2021 to meet customers’ different
demands and to continually make E.ON’s networks—the back-
bone of the energy transition across Europe—more advanced
and smarter.

E.ON needs to achieve these objectives and implement these
measures in a challenging economic environment. Low interest
rates and keen competition for networks and customers are
part of E.ON's daily business. Uncertainty remains regarding the
future course of the Covid-19 pandemic and its economic impact.
Although the energy industry and E.ON have proven resilient,
there may be additional financial consequences depending on
how the pandemic progresses. For example, the demand for
electricity and gas could affect sales volume and prices, while
there could be implications from customers and enterprise
partners’ reduced ability to pay.

39

Anticipated Earnings Situation

Forecast Earnings Performance

Despite the ongoing pandemic, E.ON expects the Group's 2021
adjusted EBIT to be between €3.8 and €4 billion and its 2021
adjusted net income to be between €1.7 and €1.9 billion, or
€0.65 to €0.73 per share (based on 2,607 million shares out-
standing). In addition, the plan calls for the E.ON Group to
achieve a cash-conversion rate of roughly 100 percent on aver-
age for the 2021 to 2023 financial years (without factoring in
the expenditures for the decommissioning of nuclear power
stations). This metric will benefit significantly over the planning
period from the Company's initiative to further optimize work-
ing capital.

Forecast by segment:

Adjusted EBIT*

€ in billions 2021 (forecast)
Energy Networks 2.9t03.1
Customer Solutions 0.8 to 1.0
Corporate Functions/Other about -0.3
Non-Core Business 0.2 to 0.4
E.ON Group 3.8t0 4.0

2Adjusted for non-operating effects.


--- Page 37 ---

Forecast Report

E.ON expects Energy Networks’ earnings to be temporarily lower
in 2021, mainly because of temporarily higher expenditures at
the networks in Germany. Declining earnings in Hungary due
to planned business disposals will continue to have an adverse
impact. Also, new regulatory periods start in the Czech Republic,
Hungary, and Turkey. The low interest-rate environment affects
regulatory rates of return, but this will largely be offset by changes
in the respective regulatory schemes and good operating results.
The business in Slovakia acquired from RWE at year-end 2020
will make a positive, full-year contribution. In addition, the net-
work business will continue to benefit from additional investments
in its regulated asset base.

Customer Solutions’ earnings will be significantly above the
prior-year level. The Company expects a positive performance in
all of this segment's markets, especially through the leveraging
of synergies. In particular, the ongoing restructuring in the
United Kingdom will serve to increase earnings. In addition, EON
assumes that the earnings decline in 2020 as a result of the
Covid-19 pandemic—in particular due to resales and lower sales
volumes, especially to industrial customers—will largely dis-
appear in the 2021 financial year. The underlying operating
business will perform according to plan as well. The anticipated
improvement in customer numbers and margins in the cus-
tomer solutions business in Germany is particularly noteworthy.

The plan calls for earnings at Corporate Functions/Other to be
above the prior-year figure. The implementation of planned
synergies will have a positive impact.

Non-Core Business’s earnings will be below the prior-year level.
Higher costs to procure for residual power output rights and
slightly lower sales prices will reduce earnings.

Anticipated Financial Situation

Planned Funding Measures

In addition to planned investments for 2021 and the dividend
for 2020, in 2021 E.ON will make payments for bonds that
have matured. Over the course of the year, these payments will
be funded with available liquid funds and the issuance of debt.

40

Dividend

The E.ON SE Management Board decided to continue the current
dividend policy, which foresees annual growth in the dividend
per share of up to 5 percent through the dividend for the 2023
financial year. E.ON will aim for an annual increase in dividend
per share after this as well.

Planned Investments

E.ON plans to make cash-effective investments of about
€4.9 billion in 2021. E.ON will continue its strategy aimed at
delivering sustainable growth. Capital allocation will of course
continue to be selective and disciplined.

Cash-Effective Investments: 2021 Plan

€inbillions Percentages
Energy Networks 3.3 67
Customer Solutions 1.0 21
Corporate Functions/Other 0.2 4
Non-Core Business 04 8
Total 49 100

Energy Networks’ investments will consist in particular of
numerous individual investments to maintain and, above all,
to expand networks, switching equipment, and metering and
control technology in order to continue to ensure the reliable
and uninterrupted transmission and distribution of electricity.

Customer Solutions’ investments will mainly go toward the heat
business and solutions for industrial and commercial customers
in Sweden, Germany, and the United Kingdom. E.ON will also
invest in IT, metering and upgrade projects, and integrated
energy solutions.

Non-Core Business's investments will include investments to
acquire residual power output rights. Those at Corporate Func-
tions/Other will encompass investments in Group-wide IT infra-
structure and a planned payment from the innogy acquisition.


--- Page 38 ---

Risk and Chances Report

Risks and Chances Report

Enterprise Risk Management System in the
Narrow Sense

Objective

E.ON’'s Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") provides the
management of all units as well as the E.ON Group with a fair
and realistic view of the risks and chances resulting from their
planned business activities. It provides:

* meaningful information about risks and chances to the busi-
ness, thereby enabling the business to derive individual
risks/chances as well as aggregate risk profiles within the
time horizon of the medium-term plan (three years)

* transparency on risk exposures in compliance with legal
requirements including KonTraG, BilMoG, and BilReG.

41

Govern
and
Consolidate

Identify,
Evaluate

and
Manage

E.ON's ERM is based on a centralized governance approach
which defines standardized processes and tools covering the
identification, evaluation, countermeasures, monitoring, and
reporting of risks and chances. Overall governance is provided
by Group Risk Management on behalf of the E.ON SE Risk
Committee.

Allrisks and chances have an accountable member of the Man-
agement Board, have a designated risk owner who remains
operationally responsible for managing that risk/chance, and
are identified in a dedicated bottom-up process.

The innogy business operations acquired by E.ON are now fully
integrated into E.ON's adequate, effective, and audited compre-
hensive framework for managing chances and risks.


--- Page 39 ---

Risk and Chances Report

Scope

E.ON's risk management system in the broader sense has a
total of four components:

* aninternal monitoring system

* amanagement information system

* preventive measures

* the ERM, which is a risk management system in the narrow
sense.

The purpose of the internal monitoring system is to ensure the
proper functioning of business processes. It consists of organi-
zational preventive measures (such as policies and work
instructions) and internal controls and audits (particularly by
Internal Audit).

The E.ON internal management information system identifies
risks early so that steps can be taken to actively address them.
Reporting by the Controlling, Finance, and Accounting depart-
ments as well as Internal Audit reports are of particular impor-
tance in early risk detection.

General Measures to Limit Risks

E.ON takes the following general preventive measures to limit
risks.

Managing Legal and Regulatory Risks

E.ON engages in intensive and constructive dialog with govern-
ment agencies and policymakers in order to manage the risks
resulting from the E.ON Group's policy, legal, and regulatory
environment. Furthermore, the Company strives to conduct
proper project management so as to identify early and minimize
the risks attending new-build projects.

E.ON attempts to minimize the operational risks of legal
proceedings and ongoing planning processes by managing
them appropriately and by designing appropriate contracts
beforehand.

42

Managing Operational and IT Risks

To limit operational and IT risks, E.ON continually improves

its network management and the optimal asset dispatch of its
assets. At the same time, E.ON implements operational and
infrastructure improvements that will enhance the reliability of
its generation assets and distribution networks, even under
extraordinarily adverse conditions. In addition, E.ON has factored
the operational and financial effects of environmental risks into
its emergency plan. They are part of a catalog of crisis and sys-
tem-failure scenarios prepared for the Group by the Incident and
Crisis Management team.

E.ON IT systems are maintained and optimized by qualified EON
Group experts, outside experts, and a wide range of technologi-
cal security measures. In addition, the E.ON Group has in place
a range of technological and organizational measures to counter
the risk of unauthorized access to data, the misuse of data, and
data loss.

Managing Health, Safety, and Environmental ("HSE"), Human
Resources ("HR"), and Other Risks

The following are among the comprehensive measures E.ON
takes to address such risks (also in conjunction with operational
and IT risks):

* systematic employee training, advanced training, and quali-
fication programs for employees

¢ further refinement of production procedures, processes,
and technologies

¢ regular facility and network maintenance and inspection

* company guidelines as well as work and process instructions

¢ quality management, control, and assurance

* project, environmental, and deterioration management

* crisis-prevention measures and emergency planning.

Should an accident occur despite the measures taken, E.ON has
a reasonable level of insurance coverage.


--- Page 40 ---

Managing Market Risks
E.ON uses a comprehensive sales-management system and
intensive customer management to manage margin risks.

In order to limit exposure to commodity price risks, E.ON con-
ducts systematic risk management. The key elements of the
Company's risk management are, in addition to binding Group-
wide policies and a Group-wide reporting system, the use of
quantitative key figures, the limitation of risks, and the strict
separation of functions between departments. Furthermore,
E.ON utilizes derivative financial instruments that are commonly
used in the marketplace. These instruments are transacted with
financial institutions, brokers, power exchanges, and third parties
whose creditworthiness is monitored on an ongoing basis. EON
local sales units and the remaining generation operations have
set up local risk management under central governance standards
to monitor these underlying commodity risks and to minimize
them through hedging.

Managing Strategic Risks

E.ON has comprehensive preventive measures in place to
manage potential risks relating to acquisitions and investments.
These measures include, in addition to the relevant company
guidelines and manuals, comprehensive due diligence, legally
binding contracts, a multi-stage approvals process, and share-
holding and project controlling. Comprehensive post-acquisition
projects also contribute to successful integration.

Managing Finance and Treasury Risks

This category encompasses credit, interest-rate, currency, tax,
and asset-management risks and chances. E.ON uses system-
atic risk management to monitor and control its interest-rate
and currency risks and manage these risks using derivative and
non-derivative financial instruments. Here, E.ON SE plays a
central role by aggregating risk positions through intragroup
transactions and hedging these risks in the market. Due to
E.ON SE's intermediary role, its risk position is largely closed.

In the context of Group-wide credit risk management E.ON
systematically assesses and monitors the creditworthiness

of its business partners on the basis of Group-wide minimum
standards. E.ON manages credit risk by taking appropriate
measures, which include obtaining collateral and setting limits.
The E.ON Group's Risk Committee is regularly informed about
credit risks. A further component of E.ON's risk management
is a conservative investment strategy for financial funds and a
broadly diversified portfolio.

43

Note 31 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contains
detailed information about the use of derivative financial instru-
ments and hedging transactions. Note 32 describes the general
principles of E.ON's risk management and applicable risk metrics
for quantifying risks relating to commodities, credit, liquidity,
interest rates, and currency translation.

Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM")

E.ON's ERM, which is the basis for the risks and chances
described in the next section, encompasses:

* systematic risk and chance identification
¢ risk and chance analysis and evaluation

* management and monitoring of risks and chances by
analyzing and evaluating countermeasures and preventive
systems

¢ documentation and reporting.

As required by law, E.ON's ERM's effectiveness is reviewed
regularly by Corporate Audit. In compliance with the provisions
of Section 91, Paragraph 2, of the German Stock Corporation
Act relating to the establishment of a risk-monitoring and early
warning system, E.ON has a Risk Committee for the E.ON Group
and for each of its business units. The Risk Committee's mission
is to achieve a comprehensive view of E.ON's risk exposure at
the Group and unit level and to actively manage risk exposure in
line with E.ON's risk strategy.

The ERM applies to all fully consolidated E.ON Group companies
and all companies valued at equity whose book value is greater
than €50 million. E.ON takes an inventory of its risks and chances
at each quarterly balance-sheet date.

To promote uniform financial reporting Group-wide, E.ON has
in place a central, standardized system that enables effective
and automated risk reporting. Company data are systematically
collected, transparently processed, and made available for
analysis both centrally and decentrally at the units.


--- Page 41 ---

Risk and Chances Report

Risks and Chances
Methodology

E.ON's IT-based system for reporting risks and chances has the
following risk categories:

Risk Category

a4,

Risk Category Examples

Legal and regulatory risks

Policy and legal risks and chances, regulatory risks, risks from public consent processes

Operational and IT risks

IT and process risks and chances, risks and chances relating to the operation of generation

assets, networks, and other facilities, new-build risks

HSE, HR, and other

Health, safety, and environmental risks and chances

Market risks

Risks and chances from the development of commodity prices and margins and from changes
in market liquidity

Strategic risks

Risks and chances from investments and disposals

Finance and treasury risks Credit, interes

E.ON uses a multistep process to identify, evaluate, simulate,
and classify risks and chances. Risks and chances are generally
reported on the basis of objective evaluations. If this is not
possible, estimates by in-house experts are used. The evaluation
measures a risk/chance's financial impact on the current earnings
plan while factoring in risk-reducing countermeasures. The
evaluation therefore reflects the net risk.

For quantifiable risks and chances, E.ON then evaluates the
likelihood of occurrence and the potential loss or damage. In
the commodity business, for example, commodity prices can
rise or fall. This type of risk is modeled with a normal distribution.
Modeling is supported by a Group-wide IT-based system.
Extremely unlikely events—those whose likelihood of occurrence
is 5 percent or less—are classified as tail events. Tail events are
not included in the simulation described below.

This statistical distribution makes it possible for E.ON's internal
risk management system to conduct a Monte Carlo simulation
of these risks. This yields an aggregated risk distribution that is
quantified as the deviation from the Company's current earnings
plan for adjusted EBIT.

ate, foreign-currency, tax, and asse

anagement risks and chances

E.ON uses the 5th and 95th percentiles of this aggregated

risk distribution as the worst case and best case, respectively.
Statistically, this means that with this risk distribution there is

a 90-percent likelihood that the deviation from the Company's
current earnings plan for adjusted EBIT will remain within these
extremes.

The last step is to assign, in accordance with the 5th and
95th percentiles, the aggregated risk distribution to impact
classes—low, moderate, medium, major, and high—according to
their quantitative impact on planned adjusted EBIT. The impact
classes are shown in the table below.

Impact Classes

Low x< €10 million
Moderate €10 million < x < €50 million
Medium €50 million < x < €200 million
Major €200 million < x < €1 billion
High x2 €1 billion


--- Page 42 ---

General Risk Situation

The table below shows the average annual aggregated risk posi-
tion (aggregated risk distribution) across the time horizon of the
medium-term plan for all quantifiable risks and chances (excluding
tail events) for each risk category based on E.ON's most import-
ant financial key performance indicator, adjusted EBIT.

45

Risk Category

Risk category Worst case (5th percentile) Best case (95th percentile)
Legal and regulatory risks Major Major

Operational and IT risks Medium Low

HSE, HR, and other Low Low

Market risks Major Medium

Strategic risks Medium Moderate

Finance and treasury risks Medium Medium

The E.ON Group has major risk positions in the following cate-
gories: legal and regulatory risks as well as market risks. As a
result, the aggregate risk position of E.ON SE as a Group is major.
In other words, the E.ON Group's average annual adjusted EBIT
risk ought not to exceed -€200 million to -€1 billion in 95 percent
of all cases.

The E.ON Group's overall risk situation at the end of 2020 was
influenced primarily by the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic. The
main Covid-19 risk factors in the sales business are volume and
price effects as well as credit losses. In addition, the customer
solutions business could encounter delays in planned projects,
while residential and business customers’ demand for various
products is declining amid economic uncertainty.

The network business could also experience a decline in sales
volume and credit losses which result in lower earnings. The
difference with the network business is that volume-driven
declines in sales will largely be recovered in subsequent years.
In addition, PreussenElektra's business could be adversely
affected by the introduction of a ban or a limitation of work
contracts due to Covid-19.

Risks and Chances by Segment

PreussenElektra

PreussenElektra's business is substantially influenced by regu-
lation. In general, regulation can result in risks for its remaining
operating and dismantling activities. One example is the
Fukushima nuclear accident. Policy measures taken in response
to such events could have a direct impact on the further opera-
tion of a nuclear power plant ("NPP") or trigger liabilities and
significant payment obligations stemming from the solidarity
obligation agreed on among German NPP operators. Further-
more, new regulatory requirements, such as additional manda-
tory safety measures or delays in dismantling, could lead to
production outages and higher costs. In addition, there may
be lawsuits that fundamentally challenge the operation of
NPPs. Regulation can also require an increase in provisions for
dismantling. These factors could pose major risks for E.ON.

On December 6, 2016, Germany's Federal Constitutional Court
in Karlsruhe ruled that the thirteenth amended version of the
Atomic Energy Act (“the Act") is fundamentally constitutional.
The Act's only unconstitutional elements are that certain NPP


--- Page 43 ---

Risk and Chances Report

operators will be unable to produce their electricity allotment
from 2002 and that it contains no mechanism for compensating
operators for investments to extend NPP operating lifetimes.
Lawmakers established a compensation mechanism in the six-
teenth amended version of the Act. This version did not become
law owing to a ruling by the Federal Constitutional Court on
September 29, 2020. Lawmakers thus remain obliged to intro-
duce a new mechanism. In addition, NPPs need to acquire
residual power output rights in order to operate until their closure
dates prescribed by law. In accordance with the agreement
published at the beginning of March 2021 between the respon-
sible federal ministries and the four NPP operators, it is also
provided in particular that the residual power output rights
corresponding to the ownership stake in the joint power plants
with Vattenfall are to be transferred free of charge to Preussen-
Elektra and can be used for generation in the Group's own
power plants. The effectiveness of this agreement is still sub-
ject to legal implementation. The additional quantities required
to operate the NPPs until the final date stipulated by the Act
have to be purchased. These matters could yield major chances
and major risks.

Customer Solutions

The E.ON Group's operations subject it to certain risks relating to
legal proceedings, ongoing planning processes, and regulatory
changes. But these risks also relate, in particular, to legal actions
and proceedings concerning contract and price adjustments to
reflect market dislocations or (including as a consequence of the
energy transition) an altered business climate in the power and
gas business, alleged price-rigging, and anticompetitive practices.
This could pose a major risk.

Energy Networks

The operation of energy networks is subject to a large degree
of government regulation. New laws and regulatory periods
cause uncertainty for this business. In addition, matters related
to Germany's Renewable Energy Sources Act, such as issues
regarding solar energy, can cause temporary fluctuations in cash
flow and adjusted EBIT. This could create major chances as well
as pose a major risk. The rapid growth of renewables is also
creating new risks for the network business. For example, insol-
vencies among renewables operators or feed-in tariffs unduly
paid by grid operators lead to court or regulatory proceedings.

Risks and Chances by Category

E.ON's major risks and chances by risk category are described
below. Also described are major risks and chances stemming
from tail events as well as qualitative risks that would impact
adjusted EBIT by more than €200 million. Risks and chances
that would affect planned net income and/or cash flow by more
than €200 million are included as well.

46

Legal and Regulatory Risks

The political, legal, and regulatory environment in which the
E.ON Group does business is a source of risks, such as the
continued uncertainty that Brexit poses for the collaboration
between certain E.ON business units. This could confront E.ON
with direct and indirect consequences that could lead to possible
financial disadvantages. New risks—but also opportunities—arise
from energy-policy decisions at the European and national level.
Foremost among them are the European Commission's Green
Deal, which was presented in 2019 and revised and expanded
in late 2020, and the German federal government's decision

to phase out conventional, hard-coal- and lignite-fired power
generation (the Coal Phaseout Law of August 2020). The achieve-
ment of these objectives will require legal and regulatory
implementation measures that themselves would pose new
risks for certain E.ON Group business operations.

In the wake of the economic and financial crisis in many EU mem-
ber states, interventionist policies and regulations have been
adopted in recent years, such as additional taxes and additional
reporting requirements (for example, EMIR, MAR, REMIT,
MiFID2). The relevant agencies monitor compliance with these
regulations closely. This leads to attendant risks for E.ON's
operations. The same applies to price moratoriums, regulated
price reductions, and changes to support schemes for renew-
ables, which could pose risks to, as well as create opportunities
for, E.ON's operations in the respective countries.

There may also be final risks from obligations arising from
regulatory requirements following the Uniper split. This risk
category also includes major risks arising from possible litigation,
fines, and claims, governance and compliance issues, as well
as risks and chances related to contracts and permits. Changes
to this environment can lead to considerable uncertainty with
regard to planning and, under certain circumstances, to impair-
ment charges but can also create chances. This results in a
major risk and chance position.


--- Page 44 ---

Operational and IT Risks

The operational and strategic management of the E.ON Group
relies heavily on complex information technology and complex
operation technology ("OT"). This includes risks and chances in
conjunction with information security and the security of oper-
ating processes in E.ON's business segments.

Cybersecurity and the continuous protection of IT and OT systems
against cyberattacks is a focus area of E.ON's risk management.
Examples include the analysis of attacks on the systems of the
network business (which could affect the operation of E.ON's
critical infrastructure), on the sales business (which could result
in the loss of customer data), and on internal systems (which
E.ON uses to control commercial processes in all its business
segments). It is important that the operating units and the Cyber-
security and Enterprise Risk Management divisions jointly and
proactively evaluate and manage risks for E.ON.

Technologically complex production facilities are used in the
production and distribution of energy, resulting in major risks
from procurement and logistics, construction, operations and
maintenance of assets as well as general project risks. In the
case of PreussenElektra, this also includes dismantling activities.
E.ON's operations in and outside Germany face major risks of

a power failure, power-plant shutdown, and higher costs and
additional investments resulting from unanticipated operational
disruption or other problems. Operational failures or extended
production stoppages of facilities or components of facilities as
well as environmental damage could negatively impact earnings,
affect the cost situation, and/or result in the imposition of fines.
In unlikely cases, this could lead to a high risk. Overall, it results

in a medium risk position and a low chance position in this cate-
gory. General project risks can include a delay in projects and
increased capital requirements.

E.ON could also be subject to environmental liabilities associated
with its power generation operations that could materially

and adversely affect its business. In addition, new or amended
environmental laws and regulations may result in cost increases
for E.ON.

HSE, HR, and Other Risks

Health and occupational safety are important aspects of E.ON's
day-to-day business. The Company's operating activities can
therefore pose risks in these areas and create social and environ-
mental risks and chances. In addition, E.ON's operating business
potentially faces risks resulting from human error and employee
turnover. It is important that E.ON act responsibly along its
entire value chain and that we communicate consistently,
enhance the dialog, and maintain good relationships with key
stakeholders. E.ON actively considers environmental, social,
and corporate-governance issues. These efforts support the

47

Company's business decisions and public relations. E.ON's
objective is to minimize reputational risks and garner public
support so that the Company can continue to operate its busi-
ness successfully. These matters do not result in a major risk or
chance position.

In the past, predecessor entities of EON SE conducted mining
operations, resulting in obligations in North Rhine-Westphalia
and Bavaria. E.ON SE can be held responsible for damage. This
could lead to major individual risks that E.ON currently only
evaluates qualitatively.

Market Risks

E.ON's units operate in an international market environment that
is characterized by general risks relating to the business cycle.
In addition, the entry of new suppliers into the marketplace along
with more aggressive tactics by existing market participants
and reputational risks have created a keener competitive environ-
ment for the Company's sales business in and outside Germany,
which could reduce margins. However, market developments
could also have a positive impact on E.ON's business. Such fac-
tors include wholesale and retail price developments, customer
churn rates, and temporary volume effects in the network busi-
ness. This results in a major risk position and a medium chance
position in this category.

The demand for electric power and natural gas is seasonal, with
E.ON's operations generally experiencing higher demand during
the cold-weather months of October through March and lower
demand during the warm-weather months of April through
September. As a result of these seasonal patterns, E.ON's sales
and results of operations are higher in the first and fourth quar-
ters and lower in the second and third quarters. Sales and results
of operations for all of E.ON's energy operations can be negatively
affected by periods of unseasonably warm weather during the
autumn and winter months. E.ON expects seasonal and weath-
er-related fluctuations in sales and results of operations to con-
tinue. Periods of exceptionally cold weather—very low average
temperatures or extreme daily lows—in the fall and winter months
can have a positive impact owing to higher demand for electricity
and natural gas.

E.ON's portfolio of physical assets, long-term contracts, and
end-customer sales is exposed to uncertainty resulting from
fluctuations in commodity prices. After the Uniper spinoff, E.ON
established its own procurement organization for its sales busi-
ness and ensured market access for the output of its remaining
energy production in order to manage the remaining commodity
risks accordingly.


--- Page 45 ---

Risk and Chances Report

Strategic Risks

E.ON's business strategy involves acquisitions and investments
in its core business as well as disposals. This strategy depends in
part on the ability to successfully identify, acquire, and integrate
companies that enhance, on acceptable terms, the Company's
energy business. In order to obtain the necessary approvals for
acquisitions, E.ON may be required to divest other parts of its
business or to make concessions or undertakings that affect its
business. In addition, there can be no assurance that E.ON will
be able to achieve the returns expected from any acquisition or
investment. It is also possible that E.ON will not be able to realize
its strategic ambition of enlarging its investment pipeline and
that significant amounts of capital could be used for other oppor-
tunities. Furthermore, investments and acquisitions in new
geographic areas or lines of business require E.ON to become
familiar with new sales markets and competitors and to address
the attending business risks.

In the case of planned disposals, E.ON faces the risk of disposals
not taking place or being delayed and the risk that E.ON receives
lower-than-anticipated disposal proceeds. In addition, after
transactions close E.ON could face major liability risks resulting
from contractual obligations.

The overall risk and chance position in this category was not
major at the balance-sheet date.

Finance and Treasury Risks

E.ON is exposed to credit risk in its operating activities and
through the use of financial instruments. Credit risk results from
non-delivery or partial delivery by a counterparty of the agreed
consideration for services rendered, from total or partial failure
to make payments owed on existing accounts receivable, and
from replacement risks in open transactions. For example, E.ON's
historical connection with Uniper and RWE continues to pose
a major, albeit unlikely, risk. In addition, in unlikely cases joint
and several liability for jointly operated power plants could lead
to a major risk.

E.ON's international business operations expose it to risks from
currency fluctuation. One form of this risk is transaction risk,
which arises when payments are made in a currency other than
E.ON's functional currency. Another form of risk is translation
risk, which arises when currency fluctuations lead to accounting
effects when assets/liabilities and income/expenses of E.ON

48

companies outside the euro zone are translated into euros and
entered into E.ON’s Consolidated Financial Statements. Positive
developments in foreign-currency rates can also create chances
for E.ON's operating business.

E.ON faces earnings risks from financial liabilities and interest-
rate derivatives that are based on variable interest rates and
from asset-retirement obligations.

Refinancing terms on debt capital markets depend in part on
rating agencies’ credit ratings. Rating agencies Moody's and S&P
have given E.ON a strong investment-grade rating. EON has
contracts that would trigger additional collateral requirements
if certain rating levels were not met. Consequently, significant
rating downgrades could lead to additional liquidity requirements.
On the other hand, positive business performance or further
debt reduction could have a positive impact on E.ON’s rating.

In addition, the price changes and other uncertainty relating to
the current and non-current investments E.ON makes to cover
its non-current obligations (particularly pension and asset-
retirement obligations) could, in individual cases, be major.

Declining or rising discount rates could lead to increased or
reduced provisions for pensions and asset-retirement obligations,
including non-current liabilities. This can create a high balance-
sheet risk for E.ON.

In principle, E.ON could also encounter tax risks and chances.
This category's overall risk and chance position is not major.

Management Board's Evaluation of the Risk
and Chances Situation

The overall risk and chances situation of the E.ON Group's oper-
ating business at year-end 2020 improved relative to year-end
2019 owing to legal and regulatory risks and opportunities from
a possible agreement on the transfer of residual power output
rights. Although the average annual risk for the E.ON Group's
adjusted EBIT is classified as major and despite the expansion of
its risk and chance position through the innogy transaction, from
today's perspective E.ON does not perceive any risk profile that
could threaten the existence of E.ON SE, the E.ON Group or
individual segments.


--- Page 46 ---

Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

Disclosures Pursuant to Section 289,
Paragraph 4, and Section 315, Paragraph 4 of
the German Commercial Code on the Internal
Control System for the Accounting Process

General Principles

E.ON applies Section 315e, Paragraph 1, of the German Commer-
cial Code and prepares its Consolidated Financial Statements

in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
("IFRS") and the interpretations of the IFRS Interpretations
Committee that were adopted by the European Commission for
use in the EU as of the end of the fiscal year and whose appli-
cation was mandatory as of the balance-sheet date (see Note 1
to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Energy Networks
(Germany, Sweden, and East-Central Europe/Turkey), Customer
Solutions (Germany, United Kingdom, Netherlands/Belgium,
Other), Non-Core Business, and Corporate Functions/Other are
the Company's IFRS-reportable segments.

E.ON SE prepares its Financial Statements in accordance with
the German Commercial Code, the SE Ordinance (in conjunction
with the German Stock Corporation Act), and the German
Energy Act.

E.ON prepares a Combined Group Management Report which
applies to both the E.ON Group and E.ON SE.

Accounting Process

All companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements
must comply with E.ON's uniform Accounting and Reporting
Guidelines for the Annual Consolidated Financial Statements and
the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. These guidelines
describe applicable IFRS accounting and valuation principles.
They also explain accounting principles typical in the E.ON Group,
such as those for provisions for nuclear-waste management,
the treatment of financial instruments, and the treatment of
regulatory obligations. E.ON continually analyzes amendments
to laws, new or amended accounting standards, and other import-
ant pronouncements for their relevance to, and consequences
for, the Consolidated Financial Statements and, if necessary,
update its guidelines and systems accordingly.

Corporate Functions defines and oversees the roles and respon-
sibilities of various Group entities in the preparation of E.ON SE's
Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements.
These roles and responsibilities are described in a Group Policy
document.

E.ON Group companies are responsible for preparing their
financial statements in a proper and timely manner. They
receive substantial support from Business Service Centers in

49

Regensburg, Germany; Cluj, Romania; and Krakow, Poland.
E.ON SE combines the financial statements of subsidiaries
belonging to its scope of consolidation into its Consolidated
Financial Statements using standard consolidation software.
Group Accounting is responsible for conducting the consolidation
and for monitoring adherence to the guidelines for scheduling,
processes, and contents. Monitoring by means of system-based
automated controls is supplemented by manual checks.

In conjunction with the year-end closing process, additional
qualitative and quantitative information relevant for accounting
is compiled. Furthermore, dedicated quality-control processes
are in place for all relevant departments to discuss and ensure
the completeness of important information on a regular basis.

E.ON SE's Financial Statements are prepared with SAP software.
The accounting and preparation processes are divided into
discrete functional steps. Bookkeeping processes have largely
been outsourced to E.ON's Business Service Centers. Cluj has
the primary responsibility for processes relating to subsidiary
ledgers and several bank activities. Regensburg has the principal
responsibility for processes relating to the general ledgers. Auto-
mated or manual controls are integrated into each step. Defined
procedures ensure that all transactions and the preparation of
E.ON SE's Financial Statements are recorded, processed, assigned
onan accrual basis, and documented in a complete, timely, and
accurate manner. Relevant data from E.ON SE's Financial State-
ments are, if necessary, adjusted to conform with IFRS and then
transferred to the consolidation software system using SAP-
supported transfer technology.

The following explanations about E.ON's internal control
system ("ICS") and its general IT controls apply equally to the
Consolidated Financial Statements and to E.ON SE's Financial
Statements. Page 67 contains information about the innogy
Group's internal control system, which has not yet been adapted
to E.ON's internal control system.

Internal Control System

The management of each unit in the E.ON Group is legally
responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate and
effective internal control system ("ICS"). The ICS department

at Corporate Audit is responsible for the oversight and coordina-
tion of the overall ICS process in order to ensure an effective
ICS in the E.ON Group. For this purpose, the ICS department at
Corporate Audit provides the ICS framework and the necessary
tools. An ICS Business Partner ("ICS BP") is assigned to each unit
which is of particular importance to the E.ON Group and there-
fore in the ICS documentation scope. The ICS BP is responsible


--- Page 47 ---

Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

for coordinating and monitoring the unit's ICS activities and
advises and supports management in implementing an effective
internal control system. The unit's management remains respon-
sible for the appropriateness and effectiveness of the imple-
mented ICS. The ICS BP concept ensures a uniform approach as
well as consistent and efficient collaboration and fosters con-
tinuous improvement through extensive information-sharing in
the Group.

E.ON's ICS Framework

E.ON's ICS is based on the globally recognized COSO framework
from May 2013 (COSO: The Committee of Sponsoring Organi-
zations of the Treadway Commission).

The ICS Principles, which define the minimum requirements for
an effective internal control system, are a key component of
E.ON's ICS. They contain overarching principles such as autho-
rization, segregation of duties, and master data management as
well as specific requirements for managing potential risks in
various areas and processes, such as supplier monitoring, project
management, invoice verification, and payments. All fully con-
solidated companies and majority-owned units are subject to
the ICS Principles.

In addition to the ICS Principles, certain units of special impor-
tance to the E.ON Group must fulfill several additional ICS
requirements for selected processes. These requirements relate
to the documentation and assessment of the relevant processes
and controls—the ICS model—as well as reporting to Corporate
Audit. The ICS model, which incorporates company- and indus-
try-specific aspects, defines potential risks for accounting
(financial reporting) at the operating units, serves as a checklist,
and provides guidance for the establishment of internal controls
as well as their documentation and implementation, and is thus
an integral part of the accounting processes.

A functionally managed digital organization and third-party
service providers provide IT and digital services for the EON
Group. IT systems used for accounting are subject to the internal
control system framework, which includes IT general controls,
such as access controls, segregation of duties, processing con-
trols, measures to prevent the intentional and unintentional falsi-
fication of the programs, data, and documents as well as controls
related to supplier monitoring. The documentation of the IT
general controls is stored in E.ON's documentation system.

50

Each year, qualitative criteria and quantitative materiality aspects
are used to determine which financial-reporting processes and
controls must be documented and assessed by which E.ON units.

E.ON units in the ICS documentation scope use a central docu-
mentation system (SAP-GRC) for this purpose. The system
contains the scope, detailed documentation requirements, the
assessment requirements for process owners, and the final
Sign-Off process.

Management Self-Assessment and Control Tests

After E.ON units have documented their processes and controls,
the individual process owners conduct an annual assessment
of the design and the operational effectiveness of the controls
embedded in these processes. This is known as a management
self-assessment.

In addition, the effectiveness of the internal controls is audited
by Internal Audit. These audits are conducted based on a risk-

oriented audit plan. Any identified deficiencies are reported to

the relevant companies.

Furthermore, the general IT controls, the controls of the Business
Service Centers in Regensburg and Cluj, the controls of the
Human Resources Service Center in Germany (E.ON Country
Hub Germany Gmbh), and the controls of the Pension Service
Company in Germany (Energie Pensions-Management GmbH)
were audited as part of the audit of the Group's Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Sign-Off Process

Based on the self-assessment result and internal and external
audit findings, the respective management of the unit conducts
the final Sign-Off. The final step of the internal evaluation pro-
cess is the submission of a formal written declaration confirming
the ICS's effectiveness (ICS Sign-Off). The Sign-Off process is
conducted at all levels of the Group companies before E.ON SE,
as the final step, conducts it for the Group as a whole. The Chair-
man of the E.ON SE Management Board and the Chief Financial
Officer perform the final Sign-Off for the E.ON Group.


--- Page 48 ---

Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

The purpose of the ICS framework and the annual ICS process
is to provide sufficient assurance to prevent error or fraud from
resulting in material misrepresentations in the Financial State-
ments, the Combined Group Management Report, the Half-Year
Financial Report, and the Quarterly Statements.

Corporate Audit regularly informs the E.ON SE Supervisory
Board's Audit & Risk Committee about the ICS over financial
reporting and about any significant deficiencies identified in
the E.ON Group's various processes.

innogy's Internal Control System and its
Integration into E.ON's ICS Framework

innogy's ICS Framework

A dedicated unit within the Accounting & Reporting division,
Corporate Internal Controls (“CIC”), was responsible for designing
and monitoring the ICS of the previous innogy Group. CIC was
supported in the implementation, design, and monitoring by
ICS coordinators and the employees responsible for ICS at the
respective units.

In 2020, the testing of the effectiveness of the implemented
controls for accounting was performed as part of the annual

ICS process, which is part of innogy companies’ established ICS.
In addition to the ICS Coordinators, ICS testers were appointed
and/or responsible for testing the appropriateness and effective-
ness of the internal control system of the respective units in the
ICS scope. Essentially, ICS testers are employees from Account-
ing, Internal Audit, and/or are requested from external auditing
firms. Once the centrally performed risk assessment was done
taking the external audit scope in account, an overview about
the controls in scope of the testing is provided to the respective
ICS tester. The testing process and assessment of the controls
is conducted technically in SAP-GRC.

Unlike for the accounting process, for Finance, HR, procurement,
IT, Tax, Retail Billing, and Grid Billing only the ICS quality standards
were reviewed by the persons responsible for the ICS as part

of the management self-assessment. Likewise, analogous to the
above-described EON ICS principles, innogy's ICS quality stan-
dards generally reflect the minimum ICS standards.

The results of the management self-assessment are included
in the ICS year-end report concerning the effectiveness of the
entire E.ON Group's internal control system and are reported to
E.ON's Management Board.

51

Integration of innogy Companies into the E.ON ICS Framework
As part of innogy's integration into the E.ON Group, CIC started
to report to E.ON Corporate Audit from July 1, 2020, onward.
Effective November 1, 2020, CIC's tasks relating to the design
and monitoring of innogy companies’ ICS were taken over by
E.ON Corporate Audit's ICS department.

For the 2020 financial year, the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO")
and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") of the former innogy affiliates
who directly reported to innogy SE or E.ON SE were, in the con-
text of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements, for the first
time responsible for formally acknowledging their responsibility
as well as the effectiveness of the ICS for their respective units.
This formal Sign-Off process was performed in the same way as
the E.ON Sign-Off ICS process was performed and included only
innogy companies in the ICS scope. However, the innogy ICS
framework including the design and monitoring function was still
applicable in 2020. Furthermore, a comprehensive ICS integra-
tion program was initiated to integrate innogy companies in the
ICS documentation scope into E. ON's risk catalog (ICS model).
From the beginning of 2021, E.ON's ICS framework is applicable
to all innogy companies in the ICS scope without exception.

Disclosures Pursuant to Section 289a,
Paragraph 1, and Section 315a, Paragraph 1,
of the German Commercial Code and Explana-
tory Report

Composition of Share Capital

The share capital totals €2,641,318,800 and consists of
2,641,318,800 registered shares without nominal value. Each
share of stock grants the same rights and one vote at a Share-
holders Meeting.

Restrictions on Voting Rights or the Transfer of
Shares

Shares acquired by an employee under the Company-sponsored
employee stock purchase program are subject to a blackout
period that begins the day ownership of such shares is trans-
ferred to the employee and that ends on December 31 of the
next calendar year plus one. As a rule, an employee may not sell
such shares until the blackout period has expired. The employee
stock purchase program was not offered in 2020.

Pursuant to Section 71b of the German Stock Corporation Act
(known by its German abbreviation, “AktG"), the Company's
treasury shares give it no rights, including no voting rights.


--- Page 49 ---

Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

Legal Provisions and Rules of the Company's
Articles of Association Regarding the Appoint-
ment and Dismissal of Management Board
Members and Amendments to the Articles of
Association

Pursuant to the Company's Articles of Association, the Manage-
ment Board consists of at least two members. The Supervisory
Board decides on the number of members as well as on their
appointment and dismissal.

The Supervisory Board appoints members to the Management
Board for a term not exceeding five years; reappointment is per-
missible. If several persons are appointed as members of the
Management Board, the Supervisory Board may appoint one of
the members as Chairperson of the Management Board. If there
is a vacancy on the Management Board for a required member,
the court makes the necessary appointment upon petition by

a concerned party in the event of an urgent matter. The Super-
visory Board may revoke the appointment of a member of the
Management Board and of the Chairperson of the Management
Board for serious cause (for further details, see Sections 84
and 85 of the AktG).

Resolutions of the Shareholders Meeting require a majority of
the valid votes cast unless mandatory law or the Articles of
Association explicitly prescribe otherwise. An amendment to
the Articles of Association requires a two-thirds majority of the
votes cast or, in cases where at least half of the share capital is
represented, a simple majority of the votes cast unless manda-
tory law explicitly prescribes another type of majority.

The Supervisory Board is authorized to decide by resolution on
amendments to the Articles of Association that affect only their
wording (Section 10, Paragraph 7, of the Articles of Association).
Furthermore, the Supervisory Board is authorized to revise the
wording of Section 3 of the Articles of Association upon utiliza-
tion of authorized or conditional capital.

Management Board's Power to Issue or Buy
Back Shares

Pursuant to a resolution of the Shareholders Meeting of May 28,
2020, the Management Board is authorized, until May 27, 2025,
to have the Company acquire treasury shares. The shares acquired
and other treasury shares that are in possession of or to be
attributed to the Company pursuant to Sections 71a et seq. of
the AktG must altogether at no point account for more than

10 percent of the Company's share capital.

52

At the Management Board's discretion, the acquisition may be
conducted:

¢ through a stock exchange

¢ by means of a public offer directed at all shareholders or a
public solicitation to submit offers

¢ by means of a public offer or a public solicitation to submit
offers for the exchange of liquid shares that are admitted to
trading on an organized market, within the meaning of the
German Securities Purchase and Takeover Law, for Company
shares

¢ bythe use of derivatives (put or call options or a combination
of both).

These authorizations may be utilized on one or several occasions,
in whole or in partial amounts, in pursuit of one or more objec-
tives by the Company and also by its affiliated companies or by
third parties for the Company's account or one of its affiliates’
account.

With regard to treasury shares that will be, or have been, acquired
based on the aforementioned authorization and/or prior autho-
rizations by the Shareholders Meeting, the Management Board
is authorized, subject to the Supervisory Board's consent and
excluding shareholder subscription rights, to use these shares
—in addition to a disposal through a stock exchange or an offer
granting a subscription right to all shareholders—as follows:

* tobe sold and transferred against cash consideration
* to be sold and transferred against contributions in kind

¢ to be used in order to satisfy the rights of creditors of bonds
with conversion or option rights or, respectively, conversion
obligations issued by the Company or its Group companies

¢ to be offered, with or without consideration, for purchase
and transferred to individuals who are or were employed by
the Company or one of its affiliates as well as to board mem-
bers of affiliates of the Company

¢ to be used for the purpose of a scrip dividend where share-
holders may choose to contribute their dividend entitlement
to the Company in the form of a contribution in kind in
exchange for new shares.


--- Page 50 ---

In addition, the Management Board is authorized to cancel trea-
sury shares, without such cancellation or its implementation
requiring an additional resolution by the Shareholders Meeting.

These authorizations may be utilized on one or several occa-
sions, in whole or in partial amounts, separately or collectively,
including with respect to treasury shares acquired by affiliated
companies or companies majority-owned by the Company or by
third parties for their account or the Company's account.

In each case, the Management Board will inform the Share-
holders Meeting about the utilization of the aforementioned
authorization, in particular about the reasons for and the purpose
of the acquisition of treasury shares, the number of treasury
shares acquired, the amount of the registered share capital
attributable to them, the portion of the registered share capital
represented by them, and their equivalent value.

By shareholder resolution adopted at the Annual Shareholders
Meeting of May 28, 2020, the Management Board was autho-
rized, subject to the Supervisory Board's approval, to increase,
until May 27, 2025, the Company's share capital by a total of
up to €528 million through one or more issuances of new regis-
tered no-par-value shares against contributions in cash and/or
in kind (authorized capital pursuant to Sections 202 et seq. of the
AktG; “Authorized Capital 2020"). Subject to the Supervisory
Board's approval, the Management Board is authorized to exclude
shareholders’ subscription rights.

At the Annual Shareholders Meeting of May 28, 2020, share-
holders approved a conditional increase of the Company's share
capital (with the option to exclude shareholders’ subscription
rights) up to the amount of €264 million (“Conditional Capital
2020"). Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements con-
tains more information about Conditional Capital 2020.

Significant Agreements to Which the Company
Is a Party That Take Effect on a Change of Control
of the Company Following a Takeover Bid

The underlying contracts of debt issued since 2007 contain
change-of-control clauses that give the creditor the right of
cancellation. This applies, inter alia, to bonds issued by E.ON SE
and E.ON International Finance B.V. and guaranteed by E.ON SE,
promissory notes issued by E.ON SE, and other instruments
such as credit contracts. Granting change-of-control rights to
creditors is considered good corporate governance and has

53

become standard market practice. More information about
financial liabilities is contained in the section of the Combined
Group Management Report entitled Financial Situation and in
Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Settlement Agreements between the Company
and Management Board Members or Employees
in the Case of a Change-of-Control Event

In the event of a premature loss of a Management Board posi-
tion due to a change-of-control event, the service agreements
of Management Board members entitle them to severance and
settlement payments (see the detailed presentation in the
Compensation Report).

To the extent that the Company has agreed to settlement pay-
ments for Management Board members in the case of a change
of control, the purpose of such agreements is to preserve the
independence of Management Board members.

Achange-of-control event would also result in the early payout
of virtual shares under the E.ON Share Matching Plan and the

E.ON Performance Plan. The vesting period of the last tranche of
the E.ON Share Matching Plan ends in March 2021. Afterward,
therefore there can only be early payouts under the E.ON Perfor-
mance Plan, but no longer under the E.ON Share Matching Plan.

Other Disclosure Relevant to Takeovers

The Company has been notified about the following direct or
indirect interests in its share capital that exceed 10 percent of
the voting rights:

* notification on December 10, 2020, by RWE Aktiengesell-
schaft for 15 percent of the voting rights

Stock with special rights granting power of control has not
been issued. In the case of stock given by the Company to
employees, employees exercise their rights of control directly
and in accordance with legal provisions and the provisions of
the Articles of Association, just like other shareholders.
