

--- Page 1 ---

Combined Management Report

Financial Year 2020 in Review

Bertelsmann successfully countered the economic effects of the coronavirus pandemic in the financial year
2020, as it benefited from the quality of its business portfolio and the high proportion of revenues from
digital business models. Group revenues fell by 4.1 percent to €17.3 billion (previous year: €18.0 billion),
and organic revenue decreased by 1.7 percent. This revenue decline, primarily in the advertising and print
businesses, was largely attributable to the pandemic, but was substantially compensated by organic growth
in the book publishing and service businesses. Operating EBITDA of €3,143 million was well above the
previous year’s high amount of €2,887 million, a new record. Growth in earnings was posted in particular
by Penguin Random House and Arvato. Disposal proceeds from real estate transactions also boosted
operating earnings. The EBITDA margin rose to 18.2 percent (previous year: 16.0 percent). In view of this
positive operating business performance, Group profit increased noticeably to €1,459 million (previous
year: €1,091 million). Despite the remaining uncertainties, Bertelsmann expects those businesses most
strongly affected by the pandemic to continue to recover in 2021.

Revenues in € billions Operating EBITDA in€ millions? Group profit in € millions
17.7 18.0 17.3 1,459
1.600
a me 000) a 1.200 --—- —
10 | —— 2.000 ——- |) B00 —
oo —— 1,000 ——- 400 —— —
0 0 0
2018 2019 2020 2018 2019 2020 2018 2019 2020
¢ Decline in revenues by 4.1 ¢ — Increase in operating EBITDA to ¢ Increase in Group profitto
percent; organic growth at €3,143 million, attributable to €1,459 million .
Penguin Random House, increased earnings at Penguin ° trom opecial iloms eepecialy
BMG, Arvato and Relias Random House and Arvato as from disposal of investments
¢ Coronavirus-related well as to disposal proceeds
declines in advertising- from real estate transactions
financed and print e EBITDA margin of 18.2 percent,
businesses partially offset compared to 16.0 percent during
by quality of business the same period last year

portfolio and high
proportion of revenues
from digital business
models

1) Asof January 1, 2019, the new financial reporting standard IFRS 16 Leases was applied for the first time.

56


--- Page 2 ---

Fundamental Information about the Group

In this Management Report, the Group is using the option to combine the Group Management Report and the Management Report of
Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA. This Combined Management Report outlines the business performance, including the business result and
the position of the Bertelsmann Group and Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA. Information about Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA in accordance
with the German Commercial Code (HGB) will be detailed in a separate section. The Combined Management Report will be published
instead of the Group Management Report within the Bertelsmann Annual Report.

Corporate Profile

Bertelsmann operates in the core business fields of media, services andeducationin around 50 countries worldwide. The geographic core
markets are Western Europe-—in particular, Germany, France and the United Kingdom — and the United States. In addition, Bertelsmann
is strengtheningits involvementin growth markets such as Brazil, Indiaand China. The Bertelsmann divisions are RTL Group (television),
Penguin Random House (books), Gruner + Jahr (magazines), BMG (music), Arvato (services), Bertelsmann Printing Group (printing),
Bertelsmann Education Group (education) and Bertelsmann Investments (funds).

BertelsmannSE & Co. KGaA is a capital market-oriented but unlisted company limited by shares. As a group holding company, it exercises
key corporate functions such as the definition and further development of group strategy, capital allocation, financing and management.
Internal corporate management and reporting follow the Group's organizational structure, which consists of the operating divisions and
Corporate.

RTL Group is one ofthe leading European television groupsin the broadcasting, content and digital business, with interests in67 television
channels, 10 streaming platforms, 38 radio stations, global content production companies as well as digital video networks. The television
portfolio of this European broadcasting company includes RTL Television in Germany, M6 in France and the RTL channels in the
Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, Croatia and Hungary, as well as a stake in Atresmedia in Spain. RTL Group’s content business,
Fremantle, is one of the largest international creators, producers and distributors of scripted and unscripted content in the world.
RTL Group is active in the area of online video with the streaming services of its broadcasters (including TV Now, 6play, Salto and
Videoland); the digital video network Divimove; and Fremantle’s more than 360 YouTube channels. RTL Group also owns the ad-tech
companies Smartclip and Yospace, as well as the streaming tech company Bedrock. RTL AdConnectis RTL Group’s international sales
house. RTL Group is a listed company and a member of the SDAX.

Penguin Random House is, basedon revenue, the world’s largest trade book publisher, with more than 300 imprints across six continents.
Its well-known book brands include Doubleday, Riverhead, Viking and Alfred A. Knopf (United States); Ebury, Hamish Hamilton and
Jonathan Cape (United Kingdom); Goldmann and Heyne (Germany); Plaza & Janés and Alfaguara (Spain); Sudamericana (Argentina);
and the internationalimprint DK. Each year Penguin Random House publishes about 15,000 new titles and sells around 600 million print
books, e-books and audiobooks.

Gruner + Jahris a premium magazine publisher whose portfolio includes establishedbrands such as “Stern,” “Brigitte” and “Geo”; young
brands like “Barbara,” “Guido” and “Wohllebens Welt”; and digital products in all publishing segments. It also markets products andlicenses
such as the “Schéner Wohnen’ collection. In digital marketing, G+J operates the international AppLike Group andhasa stake in the global
leader of native advertising, Outbrain. The G+J portfolio includes Territory, one of the leading communication agencies in Germany. In
addition, G+J holds the majority stake in DDV Mediengruppe in Saxony, and a stake in Spiegel-Gruppe.

BMG is an international music company with 20 offices in 12 core music markets, now representing more than three million songs and

recordings, including the catalogs of Alberts Music, Broken Bow Music Group, Bug, Cherry Lane, Chrysalis, Mute, Primary Wave,
Sanctuary and Trojan, as well as thousands of famous artists andsongwriters.

57


--- Page 3 ---

Arvato is an international service provider that develops and implements custom-made solutions for all kinds of business processes, for
customers in a wide range of sectors in more than 40 countries. These comprise Supply Chain Solutions (SCS), Financial Solutions and
IT Services. The services business also includes the CRM company Majorel, in which Bertelsmann owns 50 percent of shares.

Bertelsmann Printing Group unites Bertelsmann’s printing activities. They include all the Group’sgravure and offset printing companiesin
Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States. In addition, various digital marketing services are offered, with a focus on data-
driven multichannel marketing, campaign management andcustomer loyalty. Bertelsmann Printing Group also includes the storage media
producer Sonopress, the specialty printer Topac and the multipartner program DeutschlandCard.

Bertelsmann Education Group comprises Bertelsmann’s education activities. The digital education and service offerings are primarily in
the healthcare and technology sectors, as well as in the university education area. The education activities include the online education
provider Relias, a stake in Udacity, the US university Alliant and venture fund investments.

Bertelsmann Investments comprises Bertelsmann’sglobal start-up investments. The activities are focused onthe strategic growth markets
of Brazil, China, India and the United States. Investments are largely made through the funds Bertelsmann Brazil Investments (BB)),
Bertelsmann Asia Investments (BAI), Bertelsmann India Investments (BIl) and Bertelsmann Digital Media Investments (BDMI).

Regulatory Environment

Bertelsmann has television and radio operations in several European countries that are subject to regulation. In Germany, for example,
the mediais subject to oversight by the Commission on Concentration inthe Media. Bertelsmann Group companiesoccupy leading market
positions in many lines of business, and may therefore have limited potential for growth through acquisition due to antitrust legislation.
Moreover, some education activities are subject to regulatory provisions of government authorities and accreditation bodies. Some of the
financial services activities are subject to banking supervision regulations.

Because its profit participation certificates andbonds are publicly listed, Bertelsmannis required to comply with capital market regulations
applicableto publicly traded companies.

Shareholder Structure

BertelsmannSE & Co. KGaA is an unlisted partnership limited by shares. Three foundations (Bertelsmann Stiftung, Reinhard Mohn
Stiftung and BVG-Stiftung) indirectly hold 80.9 percent of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA shares, with the remaining 19.1 percent held
indirectly by the Mohn family. Bertelsmann Verwaltungsgesellschaft (BVG) controls all voting rights at the General Meeting of
Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA and Bertelsmann Management SE (general partner).

Strategy

Bertelsmann’s strategic focus is on a fast-growing and high-earning digital, international and diversified Group portfolio. Businesses in
which Bertelsmann invests should have long-term stable growth, global reach, sustainable business models, high market-entry barriers
and scalability. The education business is being developed into the third earnings pillar alongside the media and service businesses.
During the financial year 2020, the Group strategy was further developed and focused on five strategic growth priorities. Under the motto
“Bertelsmann_next,” the focus in the future will be placed on creating national cross-media champions, expanding global content and
service businesses, as well as expanding online education business and investments. Overall, Bertelsmann was able to minimize the
economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic, thanks to the successful implementation of the previously used four strategic directions —
strengthening the core businesses, digital transformation, expanding growth platforms, and expanding into growth regions. The Group
benefited from the quality of its business portfolio and the high proportion of revenues from digital business models. In the financial year
2020, additional substantial strategic progress was made in the individual divisions.

58


--- Page 4 ---

Broadcasters and platforms of RTL Group, for example, posted gains in audiences and market share, thanks to theircomprehensive news
reporting andentertainment offerings. Fremantle continuedto expand production of fiction series. The RTL streaming services TV Now in
Germany and Videoland in the Netherlands also recorded a substantial increase in paying subscribers. In addition, TV Now’s streaming
service was integrated into some of Telekom's rate plans. Furthermore, a partnership between Mediengruppe RTL and Telekom provides
the foundation for developing collaborationin the areas of advertising technology, advertising sales and content. In France, Salto marked
the start of a joint French pay streaming service involving Groupe TF1 , France Télévisions and Groupe M6.

Acquiring full ownership of Penguin Random House marked a key milestone for Bertelsmann. The world’s largest trade book publisher
accordingly became a wholly owned group subsidiary of the Group in April 2020. Another step toward strengthening the global content
business was the announcement at year-end that Bertelsmann planned to acquire US publisher Simon & Schuster. In November 2020,
Penguin Random House published the first volume of Barack Obama's presidential memoirs, the widely acclaimed “A Promised Land.”
Furthermore, Penguin Random House profited during the lockdown from the digital availability of many ofits books through digital formats
and digital book distribution.

Numerous Gruner + Jahr brands launched newproducts and initiatives, including the “#stayathomeandcook’ joint campaign by “Essen &
Trinken” and “Chefkoch.” Digital products were further expanded for “Stern,” “Gala” and “Capital.” In addition, Gruner + Jahr continued its
podcast campaign with the Capital podcast “Meine Erste Million” (“My First Million”) and the “Stem” podcast “Die Boss — Machtist weiblich”
(The “Lady Boss’ — Power Is Feminine”) and “Vater. Tochter. Weltgeschehen” (“Father. Daughter. World Events”). At the end of 2020,
Gruner + Jahr and the French media company Vivendi signeda put option regarding the sale of Prisma Media.

BMG further expanded its cooperation with The Rolling Stones, among other things, and produced successful releases in the recording
and publishing areas. BMG madea strategic move into the live entertainment business segmentin Germany through the acquisition of a
majority stake in the concert promoter Undercover. In addition, BMG secured access to an iconic music catalog by acquiring contractual
rights in Mick Fleetwood's artist shares.

Arvato grew its global network of locations in the area of Supply Chain Solutions by opening new distribution centers and expanding
existing centers, for example in the United States, the Netherlands, Russia and Turkey. In October 2020, Arvato Financial Solutions
launched an innovative platform for consumer-oriented receivables management in the German-speaking area under the umbrella brand
Paigo. The international information service provider Experian acquired a majority stake in Arvato Financial Solutions’ risk-management
business in order to strengthen their joint market position.

Bertelsmann Printing Group responded to the challenging printing market situation, which became more acute in view of the pandemic,
with its new “Modernization at Mohn Media” strategy project and other initiatives for improving competitiveness. In early November
Bertelsmann Printing Group acquired two book production sites in the United States from a competitor, thereby securing long-term
productiondemandof large publishing customers in the United States.

Bertelsmann Education Group responded to high demand for online education and training due to the coronavirus pandemic and the
lockdowns. As of March, Relias began providing its prevention and hygiene courses free of chargeas its contribution to the fight against
the pandemic. Atthe same time, Bertelsmann invested in newproducts andtechnologies. Together with Udacity, Bertelsmann continued
its successful three-year campaign #50000Chancen. More than 60,000 people from 188 countries applied for 15,000 scholarships in the
second roundof the “Udacity Technology Scholarship Program”.

In addition, Bertelsmann reinforced its presence in the growth regions through Bertelsmann Investments, which now holds some
260 investments in companies and other funds, mainly through its four international funds. The investment fund Bertelsmann Asia
Investments (BAI) made follow-on investments in 11 companies in the reporting period. After an attractive partial exit, Bertelsmann India
Investments (BIl) still holds a stake in the successful Indian education company Eruditus. Bertelsmann Brazil Investments (BBI) benefited
from a successful partial exitfrom an indirectinvestmentin Brazil-based education provider Afya. Bertelsmann Digital Media Investments
(BDMI) acquireda stake in the British start-up Zephr.

59


--- Page 5 ---

Within the Bertelsmann Content Alliance, Bertelsmann’s content business developed additional cross-divisional formats, projects and
campaigns, such as the sustainability weeks or media support for the MOSAIC Arctic expedition. In addition, the international scope of
Bertelsmann Content Alliance was further broadened with its launch in the UK. Fremantle, Penguin Random House UK, DK and BMG
launcheda joint podcast product within Bertelsmann Content Alliance UK.

Bertelsmannis continually developing its strategy. Compliance with and achievement of the strategic development priorities are examined
by the Executive Board andatthe divisional level, through regular meetings of the Strategy and Business Committees and as part of the
annual Strategic Planning Dialogue between the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board. In addition, relevant markets and the
competitive environmentare analyzed on anongoing basisin order to draw conclusions concerning the further development of the Group's
strategy. The Executive Board is also supported by the Group Management Committee (GMC) on issues of corporate strategy and
development. This Committee is composed of executives representing key businesses, countries and regions, and select Group-wide
functions.

The Group’s content-based and entrepreneurial creativity is also very important for the implementation of its strategy. Bertelsmann will
therefore continue to investin the creative core of its businesses. Simultaneously, innovation competence is very important for Bertelsmann
andisa key strategic component (see the section “Innovations’).

Value-Oriented Management System

Bertelsmann’s primary objective is continuous growth of the company’s value, through a sustained increase in profitability with efficient
capital investmentat the same time. To manage the Group, Bertelsmann has been using a value-oriented management system for many
years, which focuses on revenues, operating earnings and optimal capital investment. For formalreasons, Bertelsmann makes a distinction
between strictly defined and broadly defined operational performance indicators.

Strictly defined operational performance indicators, including revenues, operating EBITDA and Bertelsmann Value Added (BVA), are used
to directly assess current business performance and are correspondingly used in the outlook. BVA is used primarily for management at
the Group level, whereas revenues and operating EBITDA, above all, are more meaningful performance indicators for the divisions. As
distinguished from strictly defined performance indicators, broader performance indicators are also used andare partially derived from the
above-mentioned indicators or are strongly influenced by them. These include the EBITDA margin and the cash conversion rate. The
financial management system, with defined intemal financing targets, is also part of the broadly defined value-oriented management
system. Details of the expected development of performance indicators used in the broader sense are provided at best as additional
informationand are notincluded in the outlook.

To explain the business performance, and to control and manage the Group, Bertelsmann uses additional alternative performance
measures thatare notdefined in accordancewith IFRS (more details are givenin the section “Alternative Performance Measures’).

Strictly Defined Operational Performance Indicators

To control and manage the Group, Bertelsmann uses revenues, operating EBITDA and BVA as performance indicators.
Revenue is used asa growthindicator of businesses. Group revenues fellin the financial year 2020 by 4.1 percentto €1 7.3 billion (previous
year: €18.0 billion). The organic decline was 1.7 percent after organic growth of 1.2 percentin the same period of the previous year.

A key performance indicator for measuring the profitability of the Bertelsmann Group and the divisions is operating EBITDA. Operating
EBITDA rose during the reporting period by 8.9 percentto €3,143 million (previous year: €2,887 million).

Bertelsmannuses BVA for assessing the profitability of operations andreturn oninvested capital. BVA measures the profit realized above

and beyondthe appropriate return on invested capital. At€355 million, BVA inthe financial year 2020 was below the previous year’s figure
of €89 million.

60


--- Page 6 ---

Broadly Defined Performance Indicators

To assess business development, other performance indicators are used that are partially derived from revenues and operating EBITDA
or are strongly influenced by these figures.

The cash conversion rate serves as a measure of cash generated from business activities, which should be between 90 percent and
100 percentas along-term average. In the financial year 2020, the cash conversion rate was 1 18 percent (previous year: 97 percent).

The EBITDA marginis used as an additional criterion for assessing business performance. In the financial year 2020, the EBITDA margin
of 18.2 percentwas above the previous year’s level of 16.0 percent.

Bertelsmann’s financial management system is defined by the internal financial targets outlined in the section “Net Assets and Financial
Position.” These financing principles are pursuedin the management of the Group andare included in the broadly defined value-oriented
managementsystem.

The non-financial performance indicators (employees, corporate responsibility and similar topics) are not included in the broadly defined
value-oriented management system. As they can still only be measuredto a limited extent, itis not possibleto make any clear quantifiable
statements concerning interrelated effects and value increases. For this reason, the non-financial performance indicators have not yet
been used for the management of the Group butare gainingin relevance for Bertelsmann’s businesses.

Non-Financial Performance Indicators

The following section refers to the non-financial performance indicators at Bertelsmann. For more information about the organization,
management and key topics of corporate responsibility, including additional information on employee concems, please refer to the section
“Combined Non-Financial Statement.”

Employees

At the end of the financial year 2020, the Group had 132,842 employees worldwide. In 2020, there were 1,137 people serving in trainee
positions in Bertelsmann companies in Germany.

Due to the coronavirus pandemic, the focus in 2020 was on immediately protecting the health of all employees all over the globe. This
involved setting up centralized and local crisis teams as well as helping employees work from home wherever this was compatible with
operational considerations.

Also in response to the pandemic, talent management processes took place exclusively using digital tools. In addition, the training
curriculum of Bertelsmann University was further digitalized and competency training was continued in the fields of digital working and
tech and data. At the end of 2020, over 68,000 employees in 46 countries were able to access training courses on the Group-wide digital
“peoplenet’ HRIT platform.

Innovations

Businesses investin the research and development of new products in order to ensure their long-term competitiveness. The mediasector
hasa similar imperative to create innovative media content and media-related products and services in a rapidly changing environment.
Instead of conventional research and development activities, Bertelsmann views the company’s own innovative power as particularly
important for business development. The long-term success of the Group depends heavily on product innovations, investing in growth
markets and integrating new technologies. Furthermore, innovative expertise is very important for strategy implementation.

61


--- Page 7 ---

Bertelsmann relies on innovation and growth in core operations and new business fields. The key success factors of Bertelsmann’s
innovation managementinclude continuously following cross-industry trends and observing new markets. Atthe Group level, Bertelsmann
works with the divisions to continuously identify and implement innovative business strategies. Alongside market-oriented activites,
supportis given to Group-wide initiatives that actively promote knowledge transfer and collaboration. Furthermore, cooperation is being
expanded among the divisions. For example, the marketers IP Deutschland, G+J eMS andother partnershave combined their capabilites
into the Ad Alliance Deutschland, and provide them to advertising clients and media agencies. In the reporting period, Bertelsmann also
continued the process of intemationalizing Bertelsmann Content Alliance, a cooperation between all content businesses in the Group for
developingand marketing mutual formats across divisions.

The innovations at RTL Group focus on three core topics: continuously developing new, high-quality TV formats; using all digital distribution
channels; and better monetization of the Group’s customer reach by addressing target groups, personalization and recommendations.
RTL Group established, for example, the Format Creation Group (FC Group) that meets the high demand for exclusive content by
developing innovative format ideas and intellectual property fully owned and controlled by RTL Group. Salto, the joint subscripton
streaming service of Groupe TF1 , France Télévisions and Groupe M6, was launched commercially in October 2020. Bedrock, a technology
company belonging to RTL Group, provides Salto’s technical platform with state-of-the-art content recommendation and personalization
elements. The tech platform is also used by RTL streaming services in Belgium, Hungary and Croatia and is open to other European
broadcasters. Addressable TV advertising combines the broadreach of linear TV with targeted digital advertising. RTL Group is working
on creating an openad-tech platform thatis basedon the technology developed by its subsidiary Smartclip and is tailoredto the needs of
European broadcasters and streaming services. RTL Group is currently in discussions with several European broadcasters on possible
ad-tech partnerships with Smartclip.

At Penguin Random House, the coronavirus pandemic and the subsequent lockdowns led to a number of innovative initiatives aimed at
creating and maintaining the connections between authors, readers and retailers. In all of the markets, the publishing group worked
together with authors and retailers to develop innovative campaigns to best reach readers online. In the United States, the Consumer
Marketing Team launcheda project that uses trend data to identify titles and authors to targetin virtualevents. Atthe same time, a popular
training course was developedfor virtual events aimed at partners in the sector— such as bookstores — containing recommendations for
holding successful events. Furthermore, investments were stepped upin programs on diversity, equality andinclusionin allglobal regions.
One example is the Penguin Random House UK campaign titled “Litin Colour” to promote greater ethnic diversity in literature taught at
British schools.

Innovations at Gruner + Jahr included, in particular, developing digital journalistic pay models, in the growing podcast market, as well as
promoting sustainable alliances, mostimportantly, the Bertelsmann Content Alliance. Digital products in the German magazine markets
continued to grow, especially the paid-content products “Stern Plus” and “Stern Crime Plus”, as well as the self-care apps “Balloon” and
“Hirschhausen Diet.” The new paid-content sleep app “7Schlafer” (“7Sleeps”) was added to the portfolio. Gruner + Jahr launched new
formats on the growing podcast market, including the Stern podcast “Die Boss— Machtistweiblich” (“The ‘Lady Boss’ — Power Is Feminine)
and jointly with the Audio Alliance, “Die Stunde Null — Deutschlands Weg ausder Krise” (“Zero Hour — Germany's Way out of the Crisis’).
“Geolino Spezial” (“Geolino Special”) boasts one of the widest audiences of any children’s podcast in Germany. The digital subsidiary
AppLike was expanded into a group of companies. Mobile device game producer Sunday landed an international gaming success with
“Cat Escape,” which placed among the Top 10 in the United States in the iOS and Android charts for hyper-casual games.

Innovation at BMG is based on the company’s strategic pillars: focusing on growth segments, extending and diversifying its repertoire,
expanding global presence, and delivering on its core values while retaining its cost leadershipin the sector. Major innovations were the
new services added to the BMG portfolio: the strategic move into the live entertainment business segment in Germany through the
acquisition of a majority stake in the concert promoter Undercover, and the launch of a boutique neighboring rights service. Among the
artists who chose BMG’s new service were The Rolling Stones and Roger Daltrey of the rock band The Who. Other innovations included
the opening up of the widely acclaimed myBMG app to non-BMG artists, allowing them to pitch for songs from BMG songwriters;
establishing the intemational music brand The Iconic Song, focused on legendary songs from the BMG catalog; the launch of the label
OM Records in cooperation with the French Ligue 1 soccer club Olympique de Marseille; and the migration of a significant proportion of
its processes andtechnology to the cloud.

62


--- Page 8 ---

Innovation was achieved in all divisions of Arvato. The three solutions groups at Arvato as well as the CRM company Majorel are using
their innovative activities to pursue their main goal of enhancing and digitalizing existing solutions and designing andcreating new services.
Arvato Supply Chain Solutions pursued its cloud strategy by investing extensively in 2020in automating and digitalizing its processes as
well asin expanding the digital competence of its employees. Arvato Financial Solutions launched an innovative platform for consumer-
oriented receivables management under the umbrella brand Paigo. Extensive digitalization of processes and flows in the debt collection
process is atthe heartof the new product. The IT services provider Arvato Systems further expanded not only its competency in the field
of cloud applications but also its cooperation with the three major hyperscalers, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform
(GCP) and Microsoft Azure. Majorel further intensified its focus on digital transformation, for example by acquiring Isilis, a digital solutions
provider for the banking andfinancial services sector.

Innovations at Bertelsmann Printing Group involved, in particular, developing and optimizing existing processes with new technologies,
and designing innovative products and services. On the basis of an innovative partnership model with a renowned printer manufacturer,
Bertelsmann Printing Group invested in two new state-of-the-art, sheet-fed printing presses that were putinto operation in 2020 at Mohn
Media and Vogeldruck. As part of the VIME project, an augmented reality appwas addedito the digitalizationservices providedto a large
British mail-order customer andthe PreMedia department at Mohn Mediadeveloped a database solution for publishers and editors based
on artificialintelligence. In addition, Bertelsmann Printing Group's multipartner program DeutschlandCardcontinuedits work on the digital
transformation of participant communication, expanding the program app and bringing a digital customer card to market.

The innovations at Bertelsmann Education Group mainly consisted of developing digital andcustomized education offerings. For example,
in the healthcare sector Reliasemploys health experts (including doctors, nurses and therapists) to continue developing teaching content
and platforms for training skills specific to clinic and nursing home personnel. Data analyses are used more and more frequently to be
able to offer users personalized content and thereby ensure training success. In the technology segment, Udacity was able to expand its
products, among other things, in the areas of data science, cloud architecture and artificial intelligence. For example, employees leam
aboutnew technologies in Nanodegree programs and help their companies discover newuses for digitalization and automation.

Report on Economic Position

Corporate Environment
Overall Economic Developments

The global economy was severely impacted in 2020 by the coronavirus pandemic and the heightened measures putin place to prevent
infections. After a historic decline in the economy in the spring, the global economy recovered significantly in the summer, yet started to
lose dynamic toward the end of the year. Europe and North America especially suffered a new wave of infectionin the winter, ending the
upswing in the economy. Overall, global economic activity shrank by 3.5 percentin 2020 compared to growth of 3.0 percentin 2019.

The second wave of infection affected most European countries in autumn 2020, but with varying degrees of severity. After the strong
recovery recorded in the summer, economic activity was down again in the final quarter. In the euro area, real GDP fell by 6.8 percent,
compared to an increase of 1.2 percentin the previous year.

The recovery thathad begunin Germany mid-year was also interrupted by a secondwave of infection. Real GDP declinedby 4.9 percent
compared to an increase of 0.6 percent in the previous year. However, the pandemic put an even stronger strain on the economy in
France. Real GDP declined by 8.3 percent in 2020 compared to 1.2 percent growth in the previous year. The economy in the United
Kingdom also saw a sharp downturn. Real GDP declined by 9.9 percent, compared to growth of 1.4 percentin the previous year.

In the United States real GDP declined by 3.5 percent comparedto growth of 2.3 percentin the previous year.

The macroeconomic developments described here had a markedly negative impact on business performance at Bertelsmann in the
financial year 2020 and puta burden on business, especially the advertising-financed and print businesses.

63


--- Page 9 ---

Developments in Relevant Markets
The following analysis focuses on markets andregions that are of a sufficient size and are strategically important from a Group perspective.

The European TV advertising markets declined strongly in 2020, whereas the streaming markets in Germany andthe Netherlands showed
strong growth.

The markets forprinted bookssaw a positive development overallin 2020. Revenue from printed booksgrew strongly in the United States
and increased significantly in the United Kingdom, whereas the German market saw a slight decline andthe Spanishtanguage market a
significant decline. Publisher sales of e-books and digital audiobooks climbed strongly in boththe United States and the United Kingdom.

The magazine markets in Germany and France in 2020 were characterized by strongly declining print advertising business and significantly
declining circulation business in Germany, as well as a strong decline in France. The digital advertising marketin Germany also posted
significant declines, while France remained stable.

The relevant music markets in 2020 reported moderate declines in the publishing segment, whereas the recording market segment grew
significantly.

The key service markets for Arvato, namely Customer Relationship Management, Supply Chain Solutions and Financial Solutions, saw
moderate growth, whereas the marketfor IT services declined significantly.

The European offset and gravure printing markets reported a strongly negative trend in 2020. The North American book printing market
remainedstable.

In 2020, the education markets in the United States exhibited moderate to strong growth in the market segments where Bertelsmann is
involved — namely, trainingin healthcare, e-leaming in the technology area, and university education.

Significant Events in the Financial Year

In view of the global outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic, Bertelsmann convened a meeting of the Group’s crisis committee, its first, in
late January 2020. During the course of the year, the committee created extensive protective and preventive measures for Bertelsmann’s
divisionsandcompanies. The Bertelsmann Executive Boardimplementeda number of measures early on, focusingon employees’ health,
continuity of business, cost-cutting measures and temporary investment restraint. To secure and improve the company’s liquidity,
additional capital was raised. By mid-year, the Group's liquidity had been significantly increased with a variety of capital market instruments
(see the section “Financing Activities’). In addition, the Executive Board issued a Group-wide travel ban on business trips in the spring
and requested that most employees begin working from home in mid-March. At the same time, manufacturing companies and service
units were assisted with protective masks and guidelines on distancing regulations and hygiene measures.

Groupe M6, which belongs to RTL Group, sold the French cashback company iGraal to the German Global Savings Group (GSG) in
March 2020. The transaction was conducted in partthrough a share swap. As a result, Groupe M6 became a shareholder in GSG.

As of April 1,2020, Bertelsmann completedits acquisition of the remaining 25 percent of the shares in Penguin Random House from co-
shareholder Pearson after receiving allof the requiredregulatory approvals.

Henrik Poulsen, former chair of the Executive Board of the Danish energy company Orsted, was newly appointed to the Bertelsmann
Supervisory Boardin June 2020.

64


--- Page 10 ---

In late June 2020, the international information services provider Experian acquired a majority shareholding in Arvato Financial Solutions
risk management division. This is intended to strengthen the joint market position andto create an innovative platform to the benefit of the
customers of the formerly separate companies.

In late October 2020, RTL Group completedthe sale of its stake in the Canadian digital video network BroadbandTV.

Atits meeting on November 5, 2020, the Supervisory Board appointed Rolf Hellermannas the new Chief Financial Officer of Bertelsmann.
On January 1, 2021, he replaced Bernd Hirsch as CFO and became a member of the Management Board.

In November 2020, Bertelsmann announced the acquisition of the publishing group Simon & Schuster from the media company
Viacom CBS for US$2.175 billion. The acquisition will strengthen Bertelsmann’spositionin the global book publishing business, especially
in the United States. This transaction is subjectto regulatory approval. Bertelsmann will pay the purchase price with available cash and
cash equivalents. The transaction is expectedto close in 2021.

In December 2020, RTL Group completed the acquisition of all of the remaining outstanding shares in the TV and radio businesses of
RTL Belgium. The acquisition was paid from cash funds as wellas with treasury shares of RTL Group.

In December 2020, Gruner + Jahr initiated exclusive negotiations with the French mediacompany Vivendiregarding the sale of the French
G+J subsidiary Prisma Media. At year-end, both companies signed a put option. The planned sale is subject to notifying employee
representatives at Prisma Media and holding a hearing, approval from antitrust authorities, and preparing all legal documents. The
transaction is expected to close in the firsthalf of 2021.

Furthermore, a number of real estate transactions were carried out during the reporting period. These included the purchase and resale
of a commercial property in Munich, as wellas the sale of commercial properties in London and Hamburg. All properties have been leased
back with varying terms.

Results of Operations
Revenue Development

Revenues by Division

in € millions 2020 2019

Other Other

RTL Group 1,958 4,059 ,| 2,138 4,513

_Gruner + Jahr
BMG 46

Bertelsmann Printing Group

Bertelsmann Education Group

Total divisional revenues

per

Group revenues fell in the financial year 2020 by 4.1 percent to €17.3 billion (previous year: €18.0billion). Revenue drops due to the
coronavirus pandemic had a particularly negative impact on the advertising-financed and print businesses. However, the book publishing

65


--- Page 11 ---

business, music business, services businesses and some of the education businesses have proved to be particularly robust. Adjusted by
exchangerate, portfolio and other effects, the Group recordedan organic decline of 1.7 percent.

Revenues at RTL Group decreased 9.5 percent to €6,017 million (previous year: €6,651 million). The organic decrease was 7.2 percent
The decline in revenues is largely attributable to significantly lower TV advertising revenues in the second quarter of 2020 and production
delays at Fremantle dueto the coronavirus pandemic. In contrast, the number of paying subscribers to the streaming services TV Now in
Germany and Videoland in the Netherlands showed a positive trend. Revenues at Penguin Random House rose 4.6 percent to
€3,802 million (previousyear: €3,636 million). The organicgrowth was 6.7 percent. The growth inrevenueswasduein particular to positive
business performance in the US business. Gruner + Jahr reporteda decline in revenues of 16.2 percentto €1,135 million (previous year:
€1,355 million), due primarily to the coronavirus and to portfolio effects. The organic decline was 9.0 percent. Revenues at BMG were
stable at €602 million (previous year: €600 million). The organic growth was 1.9 percent. Pandemic-related restrictions in physical
distribution as well as postponed releases were offset by strong growth in music streaming. Revenues at Arvato rose 5.0 percent to
4,382 million (previous year: €4,175 million). The organic growth was 6.5 percent. In particular, the positive business performance atthe
CRM company Majorel contributed to revenue growth. Revenues at Bertelsmann Printing Group fell 13.2 percent to €1,362 million
(previous year: € 1,568 million). The organic decline was 13.4 percent. The coronavirus pandemic accelerated the market-driven deciine
in revenue of Bertelsmann Printing Group as it put pressure on important customer sectors and regions. Revenues at Bertelsmann
Education Group declined by 9.8 percentto €301 million (previous year: €333 million). The organic decline was 2.3 percent. The drop in
revenues was caused by the sale of a large share of the business operations of the US university services provider HotChalk, whereas
the demand for online education products continued to grow. The investments of Bertelsmann Investments are generally not consolidated,
so revenue is not usually reported for this division.

Revenue Breakdown
€18.0billion -1.0%

4% 1.7% €17.3 billion

Exchange Portfolio” Grganic
rates and growth
other

effects

i)
2019 Change 2020
Consolidated Revenues by Region in percent Consolidated Revenues by Category in percent
Other Rightsand licenses
countries6.6 16.5
Germany 309 Services37.1
United States,
24.8
Own productsand
Other merchandise 25.3
European ance 11.9
countries 19.3 mited
Kingdom65 Advertising 21.1

There were slightchanges in the geographical breakdown of revenues compared to the previous year. The share of revenues generated
in Germany was 30.9 percent compared to 32.2 percent in the previous year. The revenue share generated by France amounted to
11.9 percent (previous year: 12.3 percent). In the United Kingdom, the revenue share was 6.5 percent (previous year: 6.5 percent). The

66


--- Page 12 ---

share of total revenues generated by the other European countries amounted to 19.3 percent compared to 18.9 percentin the previous
year. The revenue share generated by the United States increased to 24.8 percent (previous year: 23.4 percent), and the other counties
achieved a revenue share of 6.6 percent (previous year: 6.7 percent). This means that the share of total revenues generated by foreign
business rose to 69.1 percent (previous year: 67.8 percent). Year on year, there also was a slight changein the ratio of the four revenue
sources (own products and merchandise, services, advertising, rights and licenses) to overall revenue.

Results Breakdown

in € millions 2020 2019

Operating EBITDAby division

RTL Group 1,097 1,417
__Gruner + Jahr 127 157 |

BMG 137 138

Bertelsmann Printing Group 55 68

Total operating EBITDA by division 2,848 2,973

_ Operating EBITDAtrom continuing operations
Amortization/dep reciation, impairments/reversals of impairmentlosses on intangible assets
and property, plant and equipmentnotincluded in special items (918) (908)

Financial result (339) (309)

Income tax expense (478) (426)

Earnings after taxes fromcontinuing operations 1,459 1,090

_Group profit

Operating EBITDA

Bertelsmann achieved operating EBITDA of €3,143 million in the financial year 2020 (previous year: €2,887 million). The increase of
8.9 percentis largely attributable to disposal proceeds from real estate transactions totaling €376 million. In addition, earnings growth was
posted in particular by Penguin Random House and Arvato. Despite effective cost-cutting measures, the sometimes sharp decline in
advertising-financed and print businesses is attributable to the negative impacts of the coronavirus pandemic on revenues. The EBITDA
margin roseto 18.2 percent (previous year: 16.0 percent).

Operating EBITDA at RTL Group fell 22.6 percent to €1,097 million (previous year: €1,417 million). Given the coronavirus pandemic,
RTL Group recorded a drop in advertising revenues and TV production delays. Operating EBITDA at Penguin Random House rose by
23.3 percentto €691 million (previous year: €561 million), thanks in particularto the growing US businessas well as a larger proportion of
digital products in the sales mix. Operating EBITDAat Gruner + Jahrdeclinedby 19.4 percentto € 127 million (previousyear: €157 million.
Pandemic-related revenue shortfalls were largely offset by comprehensive countermeasures. BMG generated a stable operating EBITDA
of €137 million (previous year: €138 million) and, despite a difficult market environment, benefited from rapid growth in music streaming.
Arvato achieved operating EBITDA of €662 million (previous year: €549 million). This was an increase of 20.5 percent, reflecting higher
earnings in particular at the CRM company Majorel as well as in the Supply Chain Solutions business area. Operating EBITDA at
Bertelsmann Printing Group declined by 19.8 percentto €55 million (previous year: €68 million). In addition to a continual dropin volumes

67


--- Page 13 ---

and persistent pricing pressure, earnings were also heavily affected by the coronavirus pandemic. Operating EBITDA at Bertelsmann
Education Group of €89 million (previous year: €84 million) represented an increase of 5.6 percent. The investments of Bertelsmann
Investments are generally not consolidated, so operating earnings are not usually reported for this division.

Special Items

Special items in the financial year 2020 totaled €51 million compared to €-154 million in the previous year. They consist of impairments
on goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives amounting to €-1 16 million (previous year: €-27 million), impairments on
investments accounted for using the equity method amounting to €-62 million (previousyear: €-51 million), impairments on other financial
assets at amortized cost amounting to €-26 million (previous year: €-9million), results from disposals of investments amounting to
€410 million (previous year: €90 million), fair value measurement of investments amounting to €59 million (previous year: €143 million),
as well as restructuring expenses and otherspecialitems totaling €-214 million (previous year: €-293 million). In the reporting period there
were no adjustments of the carrying amounts of assets held for sale (previous year: €-7 million). The increase in results from disposals of
investments is particularly due to the sale of a majority share of the risk management business of Arvato Financial Solutions.

EBIT

EBIT amounted to €2,276 million in the financial year 2020 (previous year: €1,825 million) after adjusting operating EBITDA for special
items totaling €51 million (previous year: €-154 million) and the amortization, depreciation, impairments and reversals of impairment losses
on intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets totaling €-918 million (previous year: €-908 million), which
were notincluded in the special items.

Group Profit

The financial result was €-339 million, compared with the previous year’s amount of €-309 million. The deviation is attributable to increased
interest expenses resulting from financing activities carried out to secure liquidity during the coronavirus pandemic. The income tax
expense increased to €-478 millioncompared to €-426 million in the previous year, due in particular to higher eamings before taxes from
continuing operations. This resulted in an increase in Group profit to €1,459 million (previous year: €1,091 million). The share of Group
profit attributable to non-controlling interests came to €307 million (previous year: €362 million). The share of Group profit attributable to
Bertelsmann shareholders was €1,152 million (previous year: €729 million). No dividends were paid in 2020 for the financial year 2019.
For the financial year 2020 a dividend payout of €180 million will be proposed at the Annual General Meeting of Bertelsmann SE &
Co. KGaA.

Net Assets and Financial Position
Financing Guidelines

The primary objective of Bertelsmann’s financial policy is to achieve a balance between finandal security, return on equity and growth.
For this, Bertelsmann bases its financing policy on the requirements of a “Baa1/BBB+’ credit rating and the associated qualitative and
quantitative criteria. Credit ratings and capital market transparency make a considerable contribution to the company’s financial security
and independence.

In accordancewith the Group structure, the capital allocationis made centrally by Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA, which provides the Group
companies with liquidity and manages the issuance of guarantees and letters of comfortfor them. The Group consists largely of a single
financial unit, thereby optimizing the raising of capital and investment opportunities.

Bertelsmannutilizes a financial management system employing quantitative financial targets concerning the Group’s economic debt and,
to a lesser extent, its capital structure. One of the financialtargets is a dynamic leverage factor limited to the definedmaximum of 2.5. As
of December 31, 2020, the leverage factor of Bertelsmannwas 1.9, significantly lower than the previous year’slevel (December 31, 2019:
2.6). Primarily due to a high operating cash flow, net financial debt decreased.

68


--- Page 14 ---

As of December 31, 2020, economic debt decreased to €5,207 million from €6,511 million in the previous year, due to a significant
decrease innet financial debt to €2,055 million (December 31, 2019: €3,364 million). As of December 31 , 2020, recognized lease liabilities
were €1,355 million (December 31, 2019: €1,392 million). Provisions for pensions and similar obligations rose to €2,009 million as of
December 31,2020 (December 31, 2019: €1,967 million).

Another financial targetis the (interest) coverage ratio. This is calculated as the ratio of operating EBITDA, used to determine the leverage
factor, to financial result, and should exceed four. In the reporting period, the coverage ratio was 8.3 (previous year: 8.5). The Group's
equity ratio was 36.1 percent (December 31, 2019: 38.2 percent), which remains significantly above the self-imposed minimum of
25 percent.

Financial Targets

Leverage Factor: Economic debi/Operating EBITDA”

Operating EBITDA/Financial resutt”

ratio: Equity asa ratio to total assets (in percent)

1) After modifications
Financing Activities

Under a Debt Issuance Program with a volume of up to €5 billion launched in March 2020, Bertelsmann issued a €750 million bond with
a coupon of 2.0 percent and a term of eight years in April 2020, and a €750 million bond with a coupon of 1.5 percent and a term of
10 years in May 2020. Private placements totaling €350 million were also issued under this program. In addition, Bertelsmann issued
promissory notes with a total volume of €250 million in the reporting period. One of the private placements in the amount of €250 million
was already repaid before the end of the year by exercising a termination option. In addition, a €100 million promissory note due in
December 2020 and the variable portion of a promissory note of €50 million due in 2027 were repaid.

To cover short-term funding requirements related to the acquisition of the remaining shares of Penguin Random House, a loan in the
amount of €675 million with a term of up to 18 months was agreed upon in the reporting periodand utilizedin March 2020. Furthermore,
Bertelsmann carried out various financing measures to secure liquidity. This includes in particular drawing down the revolving syndicated
credit facility in the amount of €1.2 billion and drawing down a bilateral, dual-currency creditfacility in the amount of US$215 million, both
in March 2020, as well as taking outa loan of US$300 millionin April 2020 with a term of up to oneyear. All of the credit facilities that were
drawn down during the reporting period were completely repaid in the course of the financial year 2020.

Rating

Bertelsmann has beenratedby the rating agencies Moody's and Standard & Poor’s(S&P) since 2002. The issuer ratings facilitate access
to the international capital markets and are therefore a key elementof Bertelsmann’s financial security. Bertelsmannis rated by Moody's
as “Baa2” (outlook: stable) and by S&P as “BBB” (outlook: stable). Both credit ratings are in the investment-grade category. Bertelsmann’s
short-term credit quality ratingis “P-2” from Moody's and “A-2” from S&P..

Credit Facilities

In addition to available liquidity, the Bertelsmann Group has access to a syndicated credit facility with 15 banks. This credit facility that
was unutilized as of December 31, 2020, forms the backbone of the strategic credit reserve; Bertelsmanncan utilize this with a term uniil
2025 to draw up to €1.2 billion of revolving funds in euros, US dollars andpounds sterling.

69


--- Page 15 ---

Maturity Structure of Financial Debt in€ millions

= Other financial debt

m Bonds and promissory notes

Cash Flow Statement

During the reporting period, cash flow from operating activities was generated in the amount of €2,994 million (previous year:
€2,060 million). The sustainable operating free cashflow, adjusted for special effects, was €2,571 million (previous year: € 1,883 million),
and the cash conversion rate was 118 percent (previous year: 97 percent); see the section “Broadly Defined Performance Indicators.”
Cash flow from investing activities amounted to €-263 million (previous year: €-682 million). Of this, €-879 million (previous year:
€-923 million) was attributable to investments in intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, and financial assets. Purchase price
payments for consolidated investments (less acquired cash and cash equivalents) were €-41 million (previous year: €-317 million).
Payments from the sales of subsidiaries and other businessunits as well as of other non-current assets were €657 million (previous year:
€558 million). The cash flowfrom financing activities was €330 million (previous year: €-1 ,128 million). This difference is attributable to the
proceeds from issuing bonds and promissory notes andto the reduction or suspension of dividend payments to Bertelsmann shareholders
and non-controlling interests. Dividend payments to shareholders of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA were suspended for the financial year
2019 due to the coronavirus, following a dividend paymentin the previous year of €-180 million. Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
and other payments to shareholders amounted to €-10 million (previous year: €-263 million). As of December 31, 2020, Bertelsmann had
cash and cash equivalents of €4.6 billion (previous year: €1.6 billion). This significantincreaseis attributable to capital market measures
aimed at, amongother things, securing and increasing Bertelsmann’s liquidity.

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Summary)
in € millions 2020 2019
2, 060

Cash flow from operating activities

Change in cashand cash equivalents 3,061 250

Cash and cash equivalentson 1/1 1,643 1,405

Less cash and cash equivalents of disposal groups (72) @).

Cash and cash equivalentson 12/31 (according to the consolidated balance sheet) 4,571 1,636

Off-Balance-Sheet Liabilities

The off-balance-sheet liabilities include contingent liabilities and other financial commitments, almost all of which result from operating
activities conducted by the divisions. The off-balance-sheet liabilities decreased compared with the previous year. The off-balance-sheet
liabilities existing as of December 31, 2020, had no significant negative effects on the Group’s netassets, financial position or results of
operation for the pastor the following financial year.

Investments

Total investments, including acquired financial debt of €54 million (previous year: €6 million), amounted to €974 million in the financial
year 2020 (previous year: €1,246 million). Investments according to the cash flow statement amounted to €920 million (previous year:

70


--- Page 16 ---

€1,270 million). As in previous years, the majority of the €350 million investments in property, plant and equipment (previous year:
€323 million) stemmed from Arvato. Investments in intangible assets came to €313 million (previous year: €313 million) andwere primarily
attributable to RTL Group for investments in film rights and to BMG for the acquisition of music catalogs. The sum of €216 million was
invested in financial assets (previous year: €317 million). Thisincludesin particular the investments of Bertelsmann Investments. Purchase
price payments for consolidated investments (less acquired cash and cash equivalents) totaled €41 million (previous year: €317 million).

After taking into account acquired financial debt and purchase price payments for increasing shareholdings in subsidiaries, in particular
for the acquisition of full ownership of Penguin Random House, economic investments increased in the financial year 2020 to a total of
€1,717 million (previous year: €1,314 million). These payments for increasing shareholdings are classified as a change in equity in
accordance with IFRS and are reported under cash flowfrom financing activities. From the point of view of Bertelsmann, these payments
are economically comparable to purchase price payments for consolidated investments and are therefore considered to be investments.

Investments by Division

in € millions 2020 2019
_RTLGroup 210 451
Penguin Random House 75 124

BMG 92 80

Bertelsmann Education Group

_Total investments byd
_Cotporate/Consolidation

Balance Sheet

Total assets increased to €29.7 billion as of December 31, 2020 (previous year: €27.3 billion). Cash and cash equivalents increased
noticeably to €4.6 billion (previous year: €1.6 billion). Equity increased to €10.7 billion (previous year: €10.4 billion). This resulted in an
equity ratio of 36.1 percent (previous year: 38.2 percent). Equity attributable to Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA shareholderswas €9.0 billion
(previous year: €8.9 billion). Provisions for pensions and similar obligations increased to €2,009 million (previous year: € 1,967 million).
Gross financial debtincreased to €6,626 million compared to €5,000 millionas of December 31, 2019. Apartfrom that, the balance sheet
structure remained largely unchanged from the previous year.

Balance sheet Assets Liabilities

80%

60%

40%

20%

0%

2018 2019 2020 2020 2019 2018

m Intangible assets and financial assets = © Equity induding non-controlling interest
Property, plant and equipment and andright-of-useassets = = Financial debt and profit participation capital
= =Current assets and other assets = = Provisions for pensions and similar obligations
= = Cash and cash equivalents = Other provisions/other liabilities

val


--- Page 17 ---

Profit Participation Capital

Profit participation capital had a par value of €301 million as of December 31, 2020, which is unchanged from the previous year. If the
effective interest methodis applied, the carrying amount of profit participation capital was €413 millionas of December 31, 2020 (previous
year: €413 million). The 2001 profit participation certificates (ISIN DE0005229942) account for 94 percent of par value of profit participation
capital, while the 1992 profit participation certificates (ISIN DE0005229900) account for the remaining 6 percent.

The 2001 profit participation certificates are officially listed for trading on the Regulated Market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. Their
price is listed as a percentage of par value. The highest closing rate of the 2001 profit participation certificates was 360.60 percent in
January; their lowestin the 2020 financial year was 210.00 percentin March.

Under the terms andconditions of the 2001 profit participation certificates, the payout for each full financial year is 15 percent of par value,
subjectto the availability of sufficient Group profit and netincome atthe level of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA. These conditions were met
in the pastfinancial year. Accordingly, a payout of 15 percentof the par value of the 2001 profit participation certificates will also be made
for the financial year 2020.

The 1992 profit participation certificates, approved for trading on the Regulated Marketin Frankfurt, only have a limited liquid trading on
the stock exchange due to their low volume. Payouts on the 1992 profit participation certificates are basedon the Group’s returnon total
assets. Because the return on total assets for the financial year 2020 was 7.65 percent (previous year: 6.36 percent), the payouton the
1992 profit participation certificates for the financial year 2020 will be 8.65 percent of their par value (previous year: 7.36 percent).

The payout distribution date for both profit participation certificates is expected to be May 7, 2021. Under the terms and conditions of the
profit participation certificates, the auditors appointed by Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA are responsible for verifying whether amounts to
be distributed have been calculated correctly. The auditors of both profit participation certificates provide confirmation of this.

Performance of the Group Divisions
RTL Group

RTL Group saw a decrease in advertising bookings and postponements of productions in the financial year 2020 in the wake of the
coronavirus pandemic, leading to lower revenues and operating profit. After a strong decline in TV advertising revenues in the second
quarter, the situation stabilizedin the third quarter; in the important fourth quarter, RTL Group's TV advertising revenues increased again
year on year.

From mid-March on, RTL Group’smanagement actively countered the effects of the pandemicwith cost and cashflow measures, without
compromising the group's sustainable business success. More than half of the revenue losses were compensated in this way.

For the full year, RTL Group’s revenues decreased 9.5 percent to €6.0 billion (previous year: €6.7 billion), while operating EBITDA fell
22.6 percentto €1.1 billion (previous year: €1.4 billion). The EBITDAmarginwas 18.2 percent, compared with 21.3 percentin the previous
year. At €1.1 billion (previous year: €1.1 billion), 17.5 percent (previous year: 16.1 percent) of revenues were attributable to digital
businesses such as online advertising, streaming andadvertising technology.

The streaming services TV Now in Germany and Videoland in the Netherlands together had 2.2 million paying subscribers at the end of
the year, 52 percentmore than a year earlier. In France, Groupe M6 grewthe number of active users of its advertising-financed streaming
service 6play to 16.3 million (previous year: 11.1 million). In October, Salto, the joint pay streaming service of Groupe TF1, France
Télévisions and Groupe M6, wentlive. Upon launch, its offering comprised more than 10,000 hours of programming and accessto content
from the country’s main TV channels.

Information and entertainment offerings from Mediengruppe RTL Deutschland, Groupe M6 and RTL Nederlandwere metwith significanty

increased viewer interest during the coronavirus pandemic. The broadcasters outperformed their commercial competitors on audience
ratings. In Germany, the RTL family of TV channels increased its net TV advertising market share significantly year on year.

72


--- Page 18 ---

In November, Mediengruppe RTL Deutschland and Deutsche Telekom agreed on a strategic partnership to jointly develop the growth
markets of streaming and addressable TV advertising. Meanwhile, RTL Group continued to build an open ad-tech platform based on
technology developed by Smartclip andtailoredto the needs of European broadcasters and streaming services.

RTL Group’s content business, Fremantle, faced significant constraints in film and TV production during the coronavirus pandemicin 2020,
resulting in fewer show deliveries and the postponement of productions, particularly in the second quarter. Following the introduction of
protective measures, production resumed in most markets toward the middle of the year. Major creative successes included shows like
“American Idol,” reality formats like “Too Hot to Handle” for Netflix, and fiction series productions such as “Deutschland 89” for Amazon
Prime.

In October, RTL Group sold its majority stake in the digital video network BroadbandTV to BBTV Holdings Inc. for €102 million paid in
cash. This was followed in December by the acquisition of all outstanding shares in RTL Belgium's TV and radio business, with
consideration comprising cash andtreasury shares of RTL Group.

Revenue Breakdown

6 a
Exchange Portfolio Organic
rates and growth

4 other

effects

2019 Change 2020

Revenues by Region in percent (without intercompany revenues) Revenues by Category in percent

Other countries
2.6

Senices5.6
United a Germany 31.7 Rightsand
: licenses37.5
Other European Advertising 55.4
countries 24.1 N

Own produdsand
merchandise 1.5

D> /! fom France 20.9
3.3

Penguin Random House

Penguin Random House benefited from strong new publications and increased demand for books in all formats in the year of the
coronavirus pandemic. Despite bookstores being intermittently closed in many countries, the group grewits revenues and operating profit
significantly, especially in the US and UK markets.

A strategic milestone during the financial year was the acquisition of the remaining 25 percent of the shares in Penguin Random House.
The world’s largest trade publishing group has been wholly owned by Bertelsmann since April 1, 2020, atwhich time the German-language
publishing group Verlagsgruppe Random House was integrated and renamed Penguin Random House Verlagsgruppe. In November,
Bertelsmann announced the acquisition of the venerable US trade publisher Simon & Schuster. The transaction is expected to be
completed in the course of 2021, onceall of the necessary clearance has been obtainedfrom the antitrust authorities.

73


--- Page 19 ---

Penguin Random House’s revenue reached €3.8 billionin the 2020 financial year, up 4.6 percent from the previous year’s level of
€3.6 billion. Operating EBITDA increased by 23.3 percentto €691 million (previous year: €561 million). The EBITDA marginincreased to
18.2 percent (previous year: 15.4 percent).

The top-selling book of the year was “A Promised Land,” the first volume of Barack Obama's presidential memoirs. The bookwas published
in November in 20 languages almost simultaneously, and soldmore than 7.3 million copies wondwide across all formats through the end
of the year. Penguin Random House publishers expandedits online sales in numerous markets, and established multiple virtual platforms
for connecting authors, readers and booksellers. Audiobooks were againa growth driver in 2020, achieving double-digit percentage growth
in mostmarkets. Penguin Random House publishers placed numerous titles on the bestseller lists of the “New York Times’ in the United
States, the “Sunday Times’ in the United Kingdom and “Spiegel” magazine in Germany.

In the largest book market, the United States, the top bestseller, with more than three million copies sold, was “A Promised Land” by
Barack Obama. Titles such as “Untamed” by Glennon Doyle, “Becoming” by Michelle Obama, “Where the Crawdads Sing” by Delia Owens,
and “How to Be an Antiracist’ by lbram X. Kendi achievedhigh sales figures as well.

Penguin Random House UK also had a strong year with rising revenues. The year’s most successful books included “A Promised Land”
by Barack Obama, “The Boy, The Mole, The Fox and The Horse” by Charlie Mackesy, and “The Thursday Murder Club” by Richard
Osman, each selling more thanone million copies.

Penguin Random House Grupo Editorial sawhigher online sales in Spain, offsetting significant declines in Latin America. Top-selling titles
included “Las Tinieblas y el Alba” by Ken Follett, “Linea de Fuego” by Arturo Pérez Reverte and “Reina Roja” by Juan Gomez-Jurado.

In the German-speaking countries, Penguin Random House Verlagsgruppe maintained its marketplace leadership in a book market that
was in decline due to the pandemic. The top-selling titles were “Ein verheiBenes Land” (“A Promised Land’) by Barack Obama, “Ohne
Schuld” by Charlotte Link, and “Das Kindin dir muss Heimat finden” (“The Child In You Must Find a Home’) by Stefanie Stahl.

Numerous Penguin Random House authors won prestigious awards in 2020, among them Colson Whitehead, who won the Pulitzer Prize
for Fiction for “The Nickel Boys,” and Charles Yu, who won the US National Book Fiction Award for “Interior Chinatown.”

Revenue Breakdown
€3.6 billion — -2.4% 0.3% 6.7% — €3.8billion

ge 9)
rates and growth
2 other
~ INET conn
1
i)

2019 Change 2020

74


--- Page 20 ---

Revenues by Region in percent (without intercompany revenues) Revenues by Category in percent

Germany 7.3 Serices2.7 Rightsand
Other countries 13.9 France 0.3 licenses 1.3

United Kingdom 11.9
Other European
countries8.5

wn productsand
United States58.1 merchandise 96.0

Gruner + Jahr

Following sharp pandemic-related declines in the first half of 2020, Gruner + Jahr recorded a significantimprovementin advertising and
distribution revenues, particularly in the fourth quarter, and successfully continued its transformation. Operating EBITDA decreased to
€127 million (previous year: €157 million), and the EBITDA margin was 11.2 percent (previous year: 11.6 percent). Pandemic-related
revenue shortfalls were largely offset by comprehensive countermeasures. Full-year revenues declined 16.2 percent to €1.1 billion
(previous year: €1 .4 billion), primarily as a result of the coronavirus pandemic and portfolio effects (including the sale ofthe special-interest
publisher Motor Presse Stuttgart).

The revenue share attributable to the digital business in Germany and France increased once again to now 37 percent (previous year:
33 percent). The digital offerings of the magazine brands in Germany saw strong growth in revenues and earnings. In addition, the paid
digital offerings, such as “Capital” and “Stern,” were expanded.

Despite coronavirus-related declines in the print advertising market and the closure of individual distribution channels (e.g., train stations,
airports), G+J Germany’s earnings in its core business were only moderately lower year on year, thanks to active countermeasures. On
the other hand, the magazine distribution business sawa positive developmentin both supermarket sales and subscriptions. Brands such
as “Stern,” “Landlust’ and “Schéner Wohnen” posted growing earnings. Territory, one of the leading content communication providers in
Europe, also recorded mainly pandemic-related declines in sales and earnings.

G+J France posted a strong increase in earnings despite the negative impact of the coronavirus crisis on its advertising and circulation
business and the insolvency of a press wholesaler. In December, G+J and Vivendi entered into exclusive sales talks for the French
magazine business Prisma Media, and both companies have signed a put option. DDV Mediengruppe’s revenues and eamings were
down year on year due to the coronavirus pandemic.

G+J continued to play a large and active role in the collaboration of all Bertelsmann's content businesses in the Bertelsmann Content
Alliance. 2020 saw the development and marketing of numerousnew cross-divisional formats. For example, several Bertelsmann Content
Alliance media covered the publication of Barack Obama’s memoirs. And UFA Show & Factual, G+J, Penguin Random House
Verlagsgruppe and Audio Alliance accompanied the biggest Arctic expedition ever exclusively for the German-speaking public, achieving
excellentreach with their media offerings.

75


--- Page 21 ---

Revenue Breakdown
€1.4billion 0.1% 3% 9.0% — €1.1 billion

9 19)
rates and growth
other
08 effects
0
2019 Change 2020
Revenues by Region in percent (without intercompany revenues) Revenues by Category in percent

Other Europeanited States 1.5
countries6.0 _ Othercountries 1.5 Rightsand licenses

United Kingdom 2.6 Services23.4

France 21.7 Own productsand
merchandise 45.0

Germany 66.7 Advertising 30.2

BMG

Bertelsmann’s music division, BMG, kept both its revenues and its operating profit stable in the challenging financial year 2020. Thanks
to the company’s focus on digital business and strong growth in music streaming, BMG was able to offset declines due to the effective
shutdown ofrecord stores worldwide. At €602 million (previous year: €600 million), revenues were on a par with the previous year, as was
operating EBITDA at €137 million (previous year: € 138 million). The EBITDA margin was 22.7 percent (previous year: 23.0 percent). Digital
revenue sources increased their share of BMG’s total revenues to 60 percent (previous year: 56 percent).

In the recordings business, BMG releases induded successful newworks by Conkarah, Curtis Waters, KontraK, KSI, Kylie Minogue and
Run The Jewels. Conkarah’s hit single “Banana” scored more thanone billion streams worldwide by the end of the year. Kylie Minogue's
“Disco” was her thirdnumber-one album in the United Kingdom with BMG, and Kontra K’s “Vollmond” was his fourth consecutive number-
one album with BMG in Germany.

Highlights also included the reissue of “Ace of Spades” to mark the 40th anniversary of the legendary Mot6rhead album, and the release
of the firstin a new box setseries “The Iconic Song,” beginning with Scorpions’ “Windof Change.” New recording contracts were signed
with, among many others, production duo Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis, Pat Metheny, Julia Stone, Aloe Blacc, Sepulturaand Erika Ender.

BMG’s publishing business saw strong performances from the likes of singer-songwriter Lewis Capaldi, AC/DC with their international
number-one album “Power Up,” and The Rolling Stones, who presented their first new single in eight years with “Living in a Ghost Town.”
In April, Xiao Zhan’s hit “Made to Love,” written by BMG songwriters, became the fastest-selling digital track in Chinese music history,
generating 25.5 million downloads within 24 hours.

Diane Warren andNeilFinn, among others, have signed new publishing agreements with BMG. Mick Jagger and Keith Richards renewed
and extendedtheir existing contracts.

76


--- Page 22 ---

BMG made a strategic move into live entertainment by acquiring a majority stake in Undercover, an independent German concert promoter.
The company also launched a boutique neighboring rights service. BMG acquired Cheyenne Records, which includes songs by the
successful German girl band No Angels and other well-known artists. Italso acquired all of Fleetwood Mac co-founder Mick Fleetwood'’s
royalties in the band’s recording catalogs, including iconic hits such as “Dreams.”

Other defining events of the financial year include the agreement of global partnerships with the British ITV Studios, a strategic content
partnership with NetEase Cloud Music in China, and a cooperation agreed by BMG Production Music with the Al-based music-to-video
platform MatchTune. BMG also became the exclusive partner for all musical projects of the French Ligue 1 soccer team Olympique de
Marseille.

BMG further developed its fairness initiatives toward artists and songwriters. Amid the international discourse on racism, BMG launched
an industry-first investigation into whether it had acquired music catalogs whose contract terms discriminate against Black artists. Inital
findings and an action plan were presented atthe end of the year.

Revenue Breakdown
€600 6%
0 vans

600
400
Exchange Portfolio Organic
rates and growth
other
200 wns

effects"

2019 Change 2020

Revenues by Region in percent (without intercompany revenues) Revenues by Category in percent

Othercountries8.7_ Germany 7.5 Own produdsand

eS” 8.3 merchandise Fr |

. Kingdom 13.7
ightsand
ther European licenses92.8

countries 11.9

United States
49.9

Arvato

Despite the economic impact of the global coronaviruspandemic, the group’s services activities, pooled in the Arvato division, once again
delivered an encouraging business performance in 2020. Besidesthe CRM company Majorel, the maindrivers were all of Arvato’s Solution
Groups. Overall, the internationally operating services group increased both its revenues and operating profit. Revenues grew by
5.0 percentto €4.4 billion (previous year: €4.2 billion), while operating EBITDA increased by 20.5 percent to €662 million (previous year.
€549 million). Arvato’s EBITDA margin was 15.1 percent, compared with 13.2percentin the previous year.

Arvato Supply Chain Solutions’ logistics services businesses continued to develop positively in the period under review, especially in the

areas of e-commerce andhealthcare. The Solution Group was able to increase revenues organically and win new customers, with annual
revenues exceeding €100 million in key sectors. It enhanced its national and international footprint by opening new sites and expanding

77


--- Page 23 ---

existing ones in Germany, the Netherlands, Poland, Turkey, the United States, China and Russia. Atthe same time, Arvato Supply Chain
Solutions systematically and successfully advanced the automation of logistics processes as well as the individual companies’ cloud
strategy and digital transformation.

Arvato Financial Solutions’ revenues and earnings also developed positively in the period under review. This was primarily supported by
good business performance in the risk management and pay-after-delivery areas. The sale of 60 percent of the risk management business
to the information services provider Experian was successfully completed at the end of June. In October, Arvato Financial Solutions
launched an innovative platform for consumer-oriented collection management in the German-speaking countries under the Paigo
umbrella brand.

In the 2020 financial year, the IT service provider Arvato Systems was able to realize various new projects with existing customersas well
as win new customers in the retail, energy and mediasectors. The company also further developed its business withits own products and
platforms, broadened its service portfolio in the future-oriented field of artificial intelligence (Al) and significantly expanded its important
cloud business both by strengthening partnerships and by increasingits in-house cloud competencies, where it achieved very highgrowth
rates. Arvato System swonvariousbusiness awards in the period under review, underscoring both the company’s expertise andits market
perception/reputation as a partner in the transformation to digital.

The CRM business unit Majorel, which is jointly operated by Bertelsmann andthe Saham Group and is fully consolidated at Bertelsmann,
increasedits revenues andearnings in the 2020 financial year. Internationally, business with customers from the IT and high-tech sectors,
among others, was expanded and an innovative communications project for a customer from the automotive industry in Germany was
successfullyimplemented. Majorel also supported health authorities andpublic-sector institutions in Germany and Moroccoin dealing with
the coronavirus pandemic, established a new global consulting unit and acquired the French digital services provider Isilis.

Revenue Breakdown

Exchange Portfolio — Organic
rates and

2019 Change 2020

Revenues by Region in percent (without intercompany revenues) Revenues by Category in percent

Other countries Own productsand

merchandise 1.7

United States Germany 37.2 |

Other European!

countries30.2
/\ Services98.3
France 10.7

United Kingdom 5.4

78


--- Page 24 ---

Bertelsmann Printing Group

The internationally operating printing and marketing services provider Bertelsmann Printing Group (BPG) recorded a decline in revenues
and operating profitin the 2020 financial year. The reason for this development was the continued challenging situation in the European
printmarkets, which worsenedagainin the context of the coronaviruspandemic. The catalog and magazine segments, in particular, came
under considerable pressure during the year; numerous orders were canceled on short notice, and others were reduced in size. Group
revenues declined by 13.2 percent year on year to €1 .4 billion (previous year: €1 .6 billion). Operating EBITDA decreased by 19.8 percent
to €55 million (previous year: €68 million). The EBITDA marginwas 4.0 percent (previous year: 4.4 percent).

The group’s printing businesses in Germany, Switzerland and Austria also registered decines due to the pandemic in 2020. Europe's
leading offset printing company, Mohn Media, was only slightly down from the level of the prior-year period overall, as lower capacity
utilization, particularly in the catalog and magazine segments, was largely offset by the further expansion of the brochure business and
cost-cutting measures. Prinovis Germany once again experienced a significant decline in the period under review, mainly due to the
plannedcapacity reduction at the Nuremberg site, whichis to be closed, but also dueto the difficult situation in the magazine segment In
contrast, GGP Media, which focuses on print solutions for book publishers, was able to extend important production contracts with major
customers over the long term, gainmarket share and grow profitably in the financial year, bucking the market trend.

The direct marketing businesses in the German-speaking area recorded a slight decline in revenues. Dialog’s multichannel marketing
businesses and Campaign’s campaign management services came under pressure due to the fact that advertising companies cut their
marketing budgets, especially in the first few months of the pandemic. Meanwhile, the DeutschlandCard multipartner rewards program
was able to profitably expandits business and growfor the fifth year running. In addition, the contracts with its three largest partnerswere
extended long term.

The group’s printing activities in the United Kingdom were also hard hit by the economic consequences of the pandemic. Revenues and
earnings declined sharply as a result of volume reductions, particularly in periodic supplements. Comprehensive countermeasures to
adjust capacity made it possible to absorb part of these losses. The printing businesses in the United States stabilized after a weak first
half, but overall fell short of the previous year’s figures in revenues and operating profit. Atthe beginning of November, BPG USA acquired
two book production sites from a competitor, thereby securing the long-term production needs of its major publishing customers in the
United States. Atalmostthe sametime, long-term contracts were concluded with two other major publishing houses.

Revenues atthe storage mediamanufacturer Sonopressdecreased against the backdrop ofa market that continued in significant decline,
butyet performed better than expected. The Topac packaging printing company, whichis part of the Sonopress Group, further expanded
its business with sustainable packaging solutions for the food industry.

Revenue Breakdown

1,5
Exchange Portfolio Organic
rates and growth
Yo vn : other

effects

2019 Change 2020

79


--- Page 25 ---

Revenues by Region in percent (without intercompany revenues) Revenues by Category in percent

Other countries 6 4 4
i 0.8 wn productsan
United States 8.9 motchandes 16. Advertising 1.6

Other European !
countries 12.2
United Kingdom BS
10.1 Germany 63.9

France 4.1

Services96.8

Bertelsmann Education Group

The Group’s education businesses, which are pooled in the Bertelsmann Education Group, recorded an increase in revenues in the 2020
financial year, excluding businesses sold during the period under review. Operating income also increased. The coronavirus pandemic
accelerated the shift from classroom-basedto online learning, which benefited the e-learning provider Relias, the onlinelearning platform
Udacity and Alliant International University. The Bertelsmann Education Group stepped up its investments in new products and
technologies in 2020, laying the foundations for long-term growth.

The division generated total revenues of €301 million, down 9.8 percent from the previous year (€333 million). In 2019, a part of the
continuing education provider OnCourse, acquired earlier, was sold, followedin 2020 by the majority of the operating business of the US
university service provider HotChalk. The Bertelsmann Education Group's operating EBITDA came to €89 million, putting it 5.6 percent
above the previous year's result of €84 million. The EBITDA margin increased to 29.5 percent (previous year: 25.2 percent).

The online courses offered by Relias were in particularly high demand in 2020 and led to organic growth. Relias offered healthcare
professionals across the globe COVID-19 prevention courses free of charge, as its contribution to combating the coronavirus pandemic.
Relias also invested in cloud-based applications and a virtual classroom that makes it easier for the company's more than
11,000 institutional clients to conduct healthcare training online and in hybrid learning formats.

Udacity, the online learning platform in which Bertelsmann has a significant stake, launched newcourses, such as Nanodegree programs
in Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare, and training to become an AWS Cloud Architect or a Data Architect. Atthe same time, the platform
saw strong demand from corporate customers seeking to offer their workforces online training to prepare for the changes resulting from
digitization. In response to the coronavirus pandemic, Udacity launched an extensive scholarship program and in March offered free
courses to gain digital skills and to open up newopportunities for job seekers.

Alliant International University, which specializes in psychology and education, kept revenues stable and expanded its share of online
enrollments further. Alliant’s online segment now accounts for more than a third of total revenues.

As partof its three-year #50000Chances program to remedy the shortage of IT specialists, Bertelsmann again offered 15,000 scholarships

for Udacity courses in the areas of cloud, data and Al during the year under review. In response, more than 60,000 applications were
received from 188 countries.

80


--- Page 26 ---

Revenue Breakdown
€333 millon -1.8% 5.7% -2.3%  €301 million

“Exchange
rates and growth
other
100 effects
0
2019 Change 2020
Revenues by Region in percent (without intercompany revenues) Revenues by Category in percent

Other countries2.3

United Germany 0.7
Kingdom 0.3
United States
967 Services100

Bertelsmann Investments

In 2020, Bertelsmann Investments (Bl) expanded its network of start-ups and funds to around 260 active investments, with a total of
44 new and 24 follow-on investments, and realized several exits. Due to currency effects andpandemic-related devaluations inthe portfolio
held, EBIT was €1 million (previous year: €107 million).

Bertelsmann Asia Investments (BAI) remained the most active fund in the financial year 2020, making 24 new investments, including in
JOJO, an online provider of Al-assisted courses for children. This investmenthas strengthened BAI’s footprintin the fast-growing online
education sector. BAI also invested in PingCap, a next-generation open-source andcloud-native database.

In addition, the fund expanded its focus to the drug development market with investments in two Al-empowered pharmatech companies:
Galixir applies Alto increase the success rate of drug development, and NeoX is an Al-supported biopharmacompany focused on finding
new macromolecular therapeutics to treat cancer and other difficult-to-treat diseases.

BAI made follow-on investments in 11 companies, including Tomato Mart, an online and offline fresh food retailer, and Keep, an online
fitness and community app founded in 2014. BAI’s 2020 disposals included its entire stake in iClick, an online digital marketing tool, and
a partial exit from Chinese electronics manufacturer Xiaomi, which became the word's third-largest smartphone producer in Q3 2020.

Bertelsmann India Investments (BIl) focusedon strengthening its portfolio with follow-on investments in eight portfolio companies, among
them Shiprocket, which helps small businesses manage andtrack their end-to-end logisticsprocesses; the B2B logistics solutions provider
LetsTransport; and Licious, a D2C food platform fornon-vegetarian products. After a successful partial exit from Eruditus, Bll continues to
hold a stake in the successful executive education company.

81


--- Page 27 ---

Bertelsmann Brazil Investments (BBI) recorded further M&A activity at the indirect holding Afya, the largest university group in Brazil
focused on medical education. Afya now owns the SaaS company iClinic and MedPhone, an app that supports medical professionals in
making faster and more accurate decisions.

Bertelsmann Digital Media Investments (BDMI) made 14 new investments, including in the customer journey software Zephr and
subscription-based video platform Hellosaurus, as well as several follow-on investments. One of the highlights was the IPO of the online
advertising software PubMatic. BDMI recorded additional successful exits with the sale of the portfolio company Skimlinks to Connexity,
and the sale of its stakes in SensorTower and Radish.

Bertelsmann Investments also invested in six funds, including the fund of the Berlin-based venture capital fim Greenfield One and the
fund Vertex Ventures IV, which operates in Southeast Asia and India.

General Statement by Company Managementon the Economic Situation

In the financial year 2020, characterized by the effects of the coronavirus pandemic, Bertelsmann benefited from the quality of its business
portfolio and large share of revenues from digital business models. While the effects ofthe coronavirus pandemic were felt strongly in the
advertising-financed and print businesses, robust performance was recorded by the book publishing business, music business, services
businesses and some of the education businesses. Moreover, Bertelsmann achieved important milestones for its strategic development
and continued to strengthen its businesses.

The global outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic puta considerable strain on overall economic developmentin the economies relevant
to Bertelsmann. The assumptions on which the original forecast for2020 was based were therefore no longer applicable for the most part.
The outlook from the Annual Report 2019 was retracted in the announcement for the first quarter of 2020 and a new assessment of the
trend was announced in the Interim Report 2020. Group revenues in the reporting period declined moderately by 4.1 percent to
€17.3 billion from €18.0 billion the previous year, thereby corresponding to the adjusted estimates (outlook in the 2019 Annual Report:
moderate increase in revenues; adjusted outlook in the Interim Report 2020: moderately to significantly declining revenues). The organic
revenue decline was 1.7 percent. Operating EBITDA increased strongly by 8.9 percentto €3,143 million compared with €2,887 millionin
the previous year and was thereby better thanthe adjusted estimate at mid-year 2020 (outlook in the 2019 Annual Report: stable to slightly
lower operating EBITDA/ adjusted outlookin the Interim Report 2020: strong declinein operating EBITDA). At€355 million, the BVA used
for Group management was also well above the previous year’s figure of €89 million (outlook in the 2019 Annual Report: strongly declining
BVA / adjusted outlook in the Interim Report 2020: strongly declining BVA). The major reasons for these positive deviations from the
forecastare the increases in earnings at Penguin Random House and Arvato and the disposal proceeds from real estate transactions.

In the reporting period, Bertelsmann took effective measures against the pandemic all overthe world, early on andat every level, in order
to provide employees with the best protection possible. The Group developed good hygiene practices, canceled business trips and had
employees work from home as far as possible. All challenges notwithstanding, the financial year 2020 was atime of strategic progress.
Acquiring full ownership of Penguin Random House marked a key milestone. The world’s largest trade book publisher is now a wholly
owned group subsidiary of Bertelsmann. Another step toward strengthening the global content business was the announcementatyear-
end that Bertelsmann planned to acquire the US publisher Simon & Schuster. The RTL streaming services TV Now in Germany and
Videoland in the Netherlands recorded a substantial increase in paying subscribers. The information service provider Experian acquired
a majority stake in Arvato Financial Solutions’ risk-management business in order to strengthen its joint market position. The Group
strategy was further developed during the financial year 2020 and the focus was placed onfive strategic growth priorities. Under the motio
“Bertelsmann_next,” the future focus will be on creating national cross-media champions, expanding global content and service
businesses, and expanding online education businesses and investments.

Net assets and financial position remain extremely solid, thanks to proactive pandemic countermeasures. Bertelsmann’s liquidity was
secured early on, thanks in partto good accessto the capital market. To reduce the outflow of funds, cost savings measures were initiated
and investments reduced without impairing the substance of the businesses. At the sametime, the Annual General Meeting of Bertelsmann
resolved to suspend dividend payments in the financial year 2020. The leverage factor of Bertelsmann was 1.9, considerably lower than
the previous year’s level (December 31, 2019: 2.6). As of December 31,2020, the cash and cash equivalents, reported at €4.6 billion
(December 31, 2019: €1.6 billion), represent sufficient liquidity. The rating agencies Moody's and S&P currently rate Bertelsmann as

82


--- Page 28 ---

“Baa2” and “BBB,” respectively, with a stable outlook.

Alternative Performance Measures

In this Combined Management Report, the following Altemative Performance Measures, which are not definedin accordance with IFRS,
are used to explain the results of operations and/or net assets and financial position. These should notbe considered in isolation but as
complementary information for evaluating Bertelsmann’s business situation, and they are differentiated in terms of strictly defined and
broadly defined key performance indicators, in the same way as in the value-oriented management system.

Organic Revenue Growth
in percent

Organic revenue growth

Portfolio effects and other effects
Reported revenue growth

The organic growth is calculated by adjusting the reported revenue growth for the impact of exchange rate effects,
corporate acquisitions and disposals, as well as other effects. Whendetermining the exchange rate effects, the functional currency thatis
valid in the respective country is used. The other effects include changes in methods and presentation, for example.

Operating EBITDA
in € millions
EBIT (eami

“Special items

s before interest and taxes)

attributable t J
attributable to: BMG 6 12

Operating EBITDA is determined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortization, and impairment losses and reversals of
impaimentlosses, and is adjusted for specialitems. The adjustments for special items serve to determine a sustainable operating result
that could be repeatedunder normal economic circumstances andis not affected by special factors or structural distortions. These special
items primarily indude impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses, fair value measurements, restructuring expenses andor
results from disposals of investments. This means operating EBITDA is a meaningful performance indicator. Not included in the special
items are disposal effects of real estate transactions.

83


--- Page 29 ---

BVA

in € millions 2020 2019
_Operating EBITDA 3,143 2,887

Amortization/depreciation ,impairments/reversals of impairmentlosses on intangible assets, property, plantand

__equipment, and right-of-use assets not induded in special items (918) (08)
Operating EBIT 2,225 1,979
“Flat taxes (30 percent) (667) (653)
NOPAT (Net Operating Profit After Tax) 1,558 1,326
Average invested capital 16,131 16,434
“Cost of capital (8 percent) 1,290 1315
Correction Bertelsmann Investments 87 78
BVA 355, 89

BVA measures the profit realized above and beyond the appropriate return on invested capital. This form of value orientationis reflected
in strategic investment and portfolio planning and in the management of operations and, together with qualitative criteria, provides the
basis for measuring the variable portion of management remuneration. BVA is used for control essentially at the Group level. BVA is
calculated as the difference between net operating profit after tax (NOPAT) and the cost of capital. NOPAT is calculated on the basis of
operating EBITDA. The NOPAT figure usedto calculate BVA is determined by deducting depreciation and amortization, provided that they
are not included in special items, and a flat 30 percent tax (previous year: 33 percent). Cost of capital is the product of the weighted
average cost of capital (WACC) and the average level of capital invested. The uniform WACC after taxes is 8 percent. The average
invested capital is calculated quarterly on the basis of the Group’s operating assets less non-interest-bearing operating liabilities. BVA is
determined without taking into accountthe Bertelsmann Investments division, since business performance is represented primarily on the
basis of EBIT. Accordingly, the method does notinclude a NOPAT contribution from this division. To maintain consistency, the invested
capital will be adjusted for the Bertelsmann Investment division; hence, capital costs will be neutralized.

Cash Conversion Rate

in € millions

Cash flow from operating activities
Income taxes paid

Change in provisions for pensions and similar obligations
Investmentsin intangible assets and property, plantand equipment (less proceeds fromthe
sale of non-currentassets) (564) (682)

Further adjustments

Operating free cash flow 2,571

mortization/depreciation, impairments/reversals of impairmentlosses on intangible assets,
property, plantand equipment, and rightof-use assets not included in special items (918) (908)

"Operating EBIT 2,225 1,979
Cash Conversion Rate (in percent)
Operating free cash flow/operating EBIT

118 97

The cash conversionrate serves as a measure of cash generated from business activities andis calculated as the ratio of operating free
cash flow to operating EBIT. The operating free cash flowis determined on the basis of the cash flowfrom operating activities as reported
in the consolidated cash flow statement, whereby the impact of paid income taxes and the change in provisions for pensions and similar
obligations on cash flow from operating activities is offset. Operating free cash flow is also reduced by investments in intangible assets
and property, plant and equipment as well as lease payments, and increased by proceeds from the sale of non-current assets. Further
adjustments are made to ensure an allocation of capital flows to the relevant periods, and to offset the impact of payment flows resulting
from special items on the operating free cash flow in a way that is methodically consistentwith operating EBITDA. Operating EBITDA is

84


--- Page 30 ---

used to calculate operating EBIT by deducting amortization and depreciation, provided that these are notincluded in special items. The
Group aims to maintain a cash conversionrate of 90 percentto 100 percentas along-temm average.

Economic Debt
in € millions 2020 2019
Gross financial debt 6,626 5,000 |

Net financial debt

Less 50 percent ofthe par value of the hybrid
bonds (625) (625)_

Profit participation capital

Economic debt 5,207 6511

Net financial debt is calculated on the basis of gross financial debt, which comprises the balance sheet items current and non-current
financial debt, minus cashand cash equivalents. Economic debtis defined as net financial debtless the 50 percentpar value component
of the hybrid bonds plus provisions for pensions, profit participation capital and lease liabilities. In calculating economic debt, the hybrid
bonds are taken into account only at50 percent, as both bonds are classified by the rating agencies as 50 percent equity. Economic debt
is modified for the purposes of calculating the leverage factor.

Leverage Factor
in € millions 2020 2019

Economic debt
EBITDA

Leverage Factor:
Economic debt“"/Operating EBITDA

One of the financial targets is a dynamic leverage factor calculated as the ratio of economic debt to operating EBITDA; this factor should
not regularly exceed the defined maximum of 2.5. In determining the leverage factor, the economic debt and the operating EBITDA are
modified to enable financial management that corresponds to the Group’s structure. The modifications in regard to the economic debt
largely relate to cash and cash equivalents, which are tied up in the Group, while the modifications in regard to the operating EBITDA
address the Group’sstructure andits co-shareholder shares. The leverage factor determinedin this wayis thus always more conservative
than the figure that wouldbe obtained using only the items recognizedin the balance sheet.

Significant Events after the Balance Sheet Date

In February 2021, RTL Group sold the US ad-tech company SpotX by concluding a binding agreement with Magnite. The purchase price
comprises a cash componentin the amount of US$560 million (€468 million) and 14.0 million Magnite shares. The agreement accordingly
implies a valuation of SpotX (100 percent) amounting to a total of US$1.17 billion (€977 million), based on the closing price of Magnite
shares on February 4, 2021. SpotX was already recognized as “assets held for sale” in the Consolidated Financial Statements as of
December31 , 2020. The transactionis subject to regulatory approval. Itis expected thatthe sale will close in the second quarter of 2021.

85


--- Page 31 ---

Bertelsmannalso announced in February 2021 that Mediengruppe RTL Deutschland andGruner+ Jahr aim to explore the possibilities of
closer cooperationin the future. Both companies have planned workshops for objectively evaluating various options. The goal, in addition
to closer cooperation in various areas, is to develop a joint growth strategy.

Furthermore, atthe start of 2021, a €100 million variable interest promissory note due in April 2023 and a €500 million bond due in May
2021 were terminated prior to maturity.

At the beginning of March 2021, Mediengruppe RTL Deutschland announced that it had signed an agreement for the acquisition of the
remaining 50 percent of the shares in Super RTL from The Walt Disney Company (BVI Television Investments, Inc.).

Risks and Opportunities

Risk Management System

The purpose of the Bertelsmann risk management system (RMS) is the early identification and evaluation of, as well as response to,
internal and external risks. The internal control system (ICS), an integral component of the RMS, monitors the effectiveness of the risk
response measures that have been implemented. The aim of the RMS is to identify, atan early stage, material risks to the Group so that
risk response measures can be taken and controls implemented. Risks are possible future developments or events thatcould resultin a
negative deviation from the outlook or objectives for Bertelsmann. In addition, risks can negatively affect the achievement of the Group's
strategic, operational, reporting andcompliance-related objectives andits reputation.

The risk management process is basedon the internationally accepted frameworks of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission(COSO Enterprise Risk Management- Integrated Framework and Internal Control—Integrated Framework,
respectively) and is organized in the subprocesses of identification, assessment, response, control, communication and monitoring. A
major element of risk identification is a risk inventory that lists significant risks year by year, from the profit-center level upward. These
risks are aggregated step by step atthe division and Group levels. This ensures that risks are registeredwhere theirimpact would be felt.
There is also a Group-wide reassessment of critical risks every six months, and quarterly reportingin case the risk situation has changed.
Ad hoc reporting requirements ensure that significant changes inthe risk situation during the course of the year are broughtto the attention
of the Executive Board. The risks are compared to risk management and control measures to determine the net risk position. Both one-
and three-year risk assessment horizons are applied to enable the timely implementation of risk response measures. The basis for
determining the main Group risks is the three-year period, similar to medium-term corporate planning. Risk assessmentis the product of
the estimated negativeimpact on Group free cash flowshouldthe risk occur, and the estimated probability of occurrence. Risk monitoring
is conducted by Group management on an ongoing basis. The RMS, along with its component ICS, is constantly undergoing further
development and is integrated into ongoing reporting to the Bertelsmann Executive Board and Supervisory Board. Corporate Risk
Management Committee meetings are convenedat regular intervals to ensure compliance with statutory and intemal requirements.

The Group auditorsinspect the risk early-warning system for its capacity to identify developments early on that could threaten the existence
of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA according to section 91 (2) of Germany’s Stock Corporation Act (AktG), and then report their findings to
the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA. Corporate Audit conducts ongoing reviews of the adequacy and functional
capability ofthe RMS in alldivisions apart from RTL Group and Majorel. The RMS of RTL Groupand Majorel is evaluated by the respective
internal auditing department and by the external auditor. Any issues that are identified are promptly remedied through appropriate
measures. The Bertelsmann Executive Board defined the scope and focus of the RMS based on the specific circumstances of the
company. However, even an appropriately designed and functional RMS cannot guarantee with absolute certainty that risks will be
identified and controlled.

Accounting-Related Risk Management System and Internal Control System
The objectives of the accounting-related RMS and ICS are to ensure that external and internal accounting are proper and reliable in

accordance with applicable laws, and that information is made available without delay to the various recipients. Reporting should also
presenta true and fair view of Bertelsmann’s net assets, financial position and results of operation. The following statements pertain to

86


--- Page 32 ---

the Consolidated Financial Statements (including the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Combined Management
Report), interim reporting andinternal management reporting.

The ICS for the accounting process consists of the following areas. The Group’s internal rules for accounting and the preparation of
financial statements (e.g., IFRS manual, guidelines and circulars) are made available without delay to all employees involved in the
accounting process. The Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in a reporting system that is uniform throughout the Group.
Extensive automatic system controls ensure the consistency of the data in the financial statements. The system is subject to ongoing
development through a documented change process. Systematized processes for coordinating intercompany transactions serve to
prepare the corresponding consolidation steps. Circumstances that could lead to significant misinformation in the Consolidated Financial
Statements are monitored centrally by employees of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA and by RTL Group (for the preconsolidated subgroup),
and then verifiedby external experts as required. Central contact persons from Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA and the divisions are also in
continuous contact with local subsidiaries to ensure IFRS-compliant accounting as well as compliance with reporting deadlines and
obligations. These preventive measures are supplemented by specific controls in the form of automated and manual analyses by the
Corporate Financial Reporting department of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA and RTL Group (for the preconsolidated subgroup). The
purpose of such analyses is to identify any remaining inconsistencies. The controlling departments at the Group and division levels are
also integrated into the internal management reporting. Internal and external reporting are reconciled during the segment reconciliation
process. The further aim in introducing a globally binding control framework for the decentralized accounting processes is to achieve a
standardized ICS format at the level of the local accounting departments of all fully consolidated Group companies. The findings of the
external auditors, Corporate Audit and the internal auditing departments of RTL Group and Majorel are promptly discussed with the
affected companies, and solutionsare developed. An annual self-assessmentis conducted to establish reporting on the quality of the ICS.
in the key fully consolidated Group companies. The findings are discussed atthe divisional level. Like the RMS, each ICS cannot guarantee
with absolute certainty that significant misinformationin the accounting process can be preventedor identified.

Corporate Audit and the internal auditing departments of RTL Group and Majorel evaluate the accounting-related processes as part of
their auditing work. As part of the auditing process, the Group auditor also reports to the Audit and Finance Committee of the
Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA Supervisory Board about any significant vulnerabilities of the accounting-related ICS that were identified
during the audit, and the findings regarding the risk early-warning system.

Major Risks to the Group

Bertelsmannis exposed to a variety of risks. The major risks to Bertelsmann identified in the risk reporting are listed in order of priority in
the table below. Details on information security risks can be found ina separate chapter further below. In line with the level of possible
financial loss, the risks are classified as low, moderate, significant, considerable or endangering, for the purposes of risk tolerability. The
risk inventory carried outdid notidentify any risks that would be classified as considerable or endangering.

87


--- Page 33 ---

Overview of Major Risks to the Group

Risk Classification

Consider- — Endanger-
Priority Type of risk Low Moderate — Significant able. ing

Cyclical development of economy =
Changes in market environment | |
Legal and regulatory risks ;
Customer risks ;
Supplier risks “ : : “ a
Pricing and discounting ;
Audience and market share ;
Financial market risks : a
Employee-related risks

||
0 Technological challenges ;

SB POL@IWi MiMi R wWINis

Risk classification (potential financial loss in three-year period): low: < €50 million, moderate: < €100 million, significant: < €250 million,
considerable: < €500 million, endangering: > €500 million

Existing risks

Given the diversity of the businessesin which Bertelsmannis active, and the corresponding diversity of risksto which the various divisions
are exposed, the key strategic and operational risks to the Group that have been identified are specified below. Risks from acquisitions
and information security risks were identified as the primary risks, and are therefore described separately. This is followed by an outline
of legal and regulatory risks and financial market risks. These risks are largely managed atthe corporate level.

Strategic and Operational Risks

The global economy was severely impacted at the beginning of 2020 by the coronavirus pandemic and the heightened measures put in
place to preventinfections. After a historic decline in the spring, the global economy recovered significantly in the summer, yet started to
lose dynamic toward the end of the year. Overall, global economic activity shrank by 3.8 percent in 2020 compared to a growth of
3.0 percentin 2019. The future trend is subject to a particularly high degree of uncertainty. However, itis expected that the coronavirus
pandemic will not permanently impact the global economy. In view of this, it its projected that global business activities will significantly
recover next year. Bertelsmann’s business developmentis also subject to other macroeconomic risks. Even though the European Union
and the United Kingdom were able to finalize a trade and cooperation agreement just before the deadline, it is too early to assess the
long-term consequences of this Brexit agreement. Bertelsmann continues to observe and analyze the exit process and will take various
measures, depending on the business involved, to mitigate risk. In 2020, the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic led to an overall
economic downturn that had an impact on Bertelsmann’s businesses, especially the advertising-financed businesses of RTL Group and
Gruner + Jahr. In addition, the structural declinein the printing businesses has been accelerated even further. Even though itis expected
that GDP will recover in the countries most relevant for Bertelsmann, strong uncertainty still remains regarding the future course of the
pandemic and the related macroeconomic recovery. The coronavirus pandemic as well as any other pandemic or epidemic can have a
negative impact on Bertelsmann’s eamings performance andfinancial position as well as on cash flow. In addition to risks associated with
economic developments and changes in the market environment, significant Group risks in the short to medium term include legal and
regulatory risks, customer and supplier risks, pricing and margin risks, and a loss of audience and market share. How these risks develop
depends to a large extent on changes in customer behavior due to factors such as the continued digitization of media, the development
and implementation of products and services by competitors, bad debtlosses, and default and interference along the production chains
in individual sectors such as IT. These trends have accelerated in connection with the coronavirus pandemic. Financial market risks are
moderate for Bertelsmann, while risks related to employees and future technological challenges are classified as low in the three-year
period under review.

88


--- Page 34 ---

A substantial risk for RTL Group is the dependency of the advertising market on the economic situation. If the coronavirus pandemic
continues, itmay lead to an accelerated decline in the advertising market, with direct effects on RTL Group earnings. RTL Group responds
to such economic downturns with ongoing monitoring of market development, planning various scenarios and strict cost control.
Furthermore, RTL Group aims to widen its earning base by finding sources of income that are not dependenton advertising. Increasing
competition and constant change, particularly in the digital environment, are resultingin a stronger fragmentation of RTL Group’s markets
as audiences increasingly use non-linear TV products amid a growing number of streaming services due to lowering of market-enty
barriers. The possible risks of this for RTL Group are decreasing audience and advertising market shares of its advertising-financed
channelsand therefore, ultimately, lower revenues. To counter these risks, RTL Group is continuously revising anddeveloping the channel
and program strategies. By linking traditional, linear offerings with newdigitalbusiness models and by strengthening existing investments
in the online video market and in advertising technologies, RTL Group counters risks from digitization while actively influencing this
development. Increasing competition in the area of program acquisition and TV production, and the growing dependence on individual
production companies, coupled with the risk of potential costincreases, could alsoimpact RTL Group’s ability to generate revenues. This
risk is being reduced by expanding the share ofin-house productions in the program — in particular of local content. To reduce the risk of
customer losses, advertising packages with cooperation partners are offered, as well as pursuing the basic aim of establishing long-term
customer relationships.

The possibility of changing business models inthe audiobooksegment constitutes a risk for Penguin Random House. Due to the changing
retail landscape, another risk is declining sales volumes in brick-and-mortar book retail. Penguin Random Houseis addressing these risks
by introducing differentiated pricing, increasing online sales of physical books and audiobooks, and continuously examining alternative
selling and marketing options. Any risks of bad debt loss are being limited through debtor management, andin some cases through credit
insurance. Procurementrisks due to capacity shortfalls at printing companies carrying out orders are countered by continually prioritizing
and securing additional printing capacities. In addition to the risk of cost increases, Penguin Random House is finding itself exposed to
risks from economic uncertainty, which could lead to lower sales. The risks are addressed through careful management of supplier
relationships and innovative marketing activities, and by maintaining a flexible cost structure that allows for a quick response in the event
of an economic downturn.

For Gruner + Jahr, the possibility of a deterioration of the overall economic environmentin the context of the coronavirus pandemic and
the resulting declines in advertising and circulation revenues, as well as the continuously changing conditions in the digital business,
representsignificant risks. A changing market environment, marked by product innovations and increased consolidation of agencies and
marketers, is confronted with a widespread decrease in demand for print products, which as a result of pressure on prices and conditions
can lead to lower margins. Furthermore, there is the risk of losing key customers as advertising customers could switch to other media,
notably digital media, for example. Due to these developments, subsequent risks such as bad debt losses or service limitations are
possible, because service providers in the areas of distribution or manufacturing could restrict or discontinue their products. The risks are
being countered by cost and customer management; the development of new-— in particular, digital — forms of offerings; product, price
and quality improvements; and scenario analyses.

Risks that affect BMG concern the client portfolio, in particular the contract extension with artists and authors as well as contractual
relationships with business partners concerning the physical and digital distribution of film, TV, advertising and live concerts. There are
also risks in connection with corporate growth, especially for business integration and scaling of the technical platform and organization.
Marketrisks are addressed through high revenue diversification across clients and catalogs, segments and revenue sources, as well as
regions. Furthermore, measures for minimizing risk include contractual protection clauses to secure advance payments made and
receivables managementto realize prepayments received and minimum revenue guarantees.

Arvato sees itself as particularly exposed to risks from customer and supplier relationships. The risk of loss of key customers is being
countered through contracts offering comprehensive service packages with simultaneously flexible cost structures. On the supplier side,
there are risks associated with the availability of services. Countermeasures include an active exchange with existing suppliers and
entering into long-term framework agreements. New competitors entering the market could intensify the competitive pressure and lead to
lower margins. By developing the range of services, the aim is to improve the competitive position andincrease customer loyalty through
integrated solutions. Moreover, new legislation could have a negative impact on business models. This risk is mitigated by observing

89


--- Page 35 ---

legislative developments and adjusting business processes. A worsening of the economic environmentcouldresultin declining revenues
and thus lower margins, which would necessitate cost-cutting measures and capacity downsizing. Broad diversification across regions
and sectors helps to reduce this risk.

For Bertelsmann Printing Group, the mostsignificant risks are the possible need for further capacity adjustments, made necessary by a
deterioration in business development and existing or growing overcapacities in the print market. The loss of customers is also perceived
as an additional risk. In addition, price and margin pressures result from the market environment, which is characterized by overcapacity.
Furthermore, deteriorationin the economicenvironment may alsolead to declining circulations or even product discontinuation. There are
risks on the supplier side associated with rising raw material prices— particularly for paper, color and energy. Digital substitution
accelerated once again in 2020 due to the coronavirus pandemic, constituting another factor in the decline in circulations andthe number
of pages perissue, in particular in the magazine and catalog print segments. Risk minimization strategies are based, in particular, on the
expansion of innovative print and marketing services, ongoing initiatives to sign up large customers and constantly optimizing cost
structures and processes.

For Bertelsmann Education Group, increasing competition from other training providers, particularly in the US healthcare market, could
lead to growing price and margin pressure andnegatively impact the planned growth targets. These risks are being counteredin particular
through strategic partnerships, long-term customer agreements and marketing measures.

The key risks for Bertelsmann Investments consist of falling portfolio valuations and a lack of exit opportunities. These risks are being
addressed through a standardized investment process andthe continuous monitoring of investments.

The increasing pace of change in the markets, accelerated even more by the coronavirus pandemic, and in Bertelsmann’s business
segments means employees will need to be more willing and able to adaptin the future. There arealso continuing demographicrisks that
impactthe recruitment, development and retention of talentas a result of shifts in the age distribution of the workforce. To counteract this,
employees are being offered further individual education, comprehensive health programs, a competitive salary and flexible working
models. Bertelsmannis also enhancingits talent management by pushing forwardon digitizing the recruiting process and makingit easier
for employees to switch jobs withinthe Group by harmonizing processes and structures.

Acquisition-Related Risks

The Group strategy focuses on acquisitions of businessesand organic growth. The risk of potential mistakes when selecting investments
and allocating investment funds is limited by means of strict investment criteria and processes. Acquisitions present both opportunities
and risks. For example, integration into the Group requires one-time costs that are usually offset by increased benefits in the long term,
thanks to synergy effects. The risks here are that the integration costs may be higher than expected or the predicted level of synergies
may not materialize. The integration processes are therefore being monitored by managementon an ongoing basis.

Information Security Risks

For Bertelsmann, the ability to provide information in a timely, complete, error-free and confidential way, and to process it without
disruptions, is crucial to its success and is becoming increasingly important. Bertelsmann has addressed this tougher operating
environment at the management level by operating an Information Security Management System (ISMS, based on ISO 27001) for
structured management of cyber risks across the Group and to monitor compliance with minimum Group standards. In order to have
access to both modem cyber security technologies and specialist expertise in emergencies, Bertelsmann maintains a network of extemal
partners and is a member of the German Cyber Security Organization (Deutsche Cyber-Sicherheitsorganisation: DCSO). Furthermore,
Bertelsmann addresses the increased risk with specific measures that directly strengthen resilience in cyber security — for example, by
supporting the activities of Security Operations Centers and authentication technologies. An indicative assessment of risks to information
security was conducted in the financial year 2020 on the basis of the method used to assess operative Group risks. The results indicate
that information security risks are moderate, analogous to the categorization of major Group risks.

90


--- Page 36 ---

Legal and Regulatory Risks

Bertelsmann, with its worldwide operations, is exposed to a variety of legal and regulatory risks concerning, for example, litigation or
varying interpretations of tax assessment criteria. Bertelsmann has television and radio operations in several Europeancountries that are
subject to regulation. In Germany, for example, the media is subject to oversight by the Commission on Concentration in the Media.
Moreover, education activities are subject to regulatory provisions of government authorities and accreditation bodies. Some of the financial
services activities are subject to banking supervision regulations. Bertelsmann Group companies occupy leading market positions in many
lines of business, and may therefore have limited potential for growth through acquisition due to antitrust legislation. Other risks include
litigation relating to company acquisitions and disposals, as well as increased data protection regulations leading to growing challenges,
especially for data-based business models. These risks are being continuously monitored by the relevant divisions within the Group.

Several subsidiaries of RTL Group are being sued by the broadcaster RTL 2 Fernsehen GmbH & Co KG and its sales house El Cartel
Media GmbH & Co KG before the regional court in Dusseldorf, Germany, seeking disclosure of information to substantiate a possible
claim for damages. The proceedings follow the imposition of a fine in 2007 by the German Federal Cartel Office for abuse of market
dominance with regard to discount scheme agreements (share deals) granted by IP Deutschland GmbH and SevenOne Media GmbH to
media agencies. The German Federal Cartel Office argued that these discounts would foreclose small broadcasters from the advertsing
market. In 2014, the district court of Dusseldorf decided to order an expert report. The expert concluded in February 2018 thatthe likelihood
of damages cannotbe provenwith certainty. In July 2018, RTL 2 Fernsehen GmbH & Co KG filed a motion claiming that the expert was
notimpartial, with the aim of getting the courtto obtain a new expert opinion. IP Deutschland has rejected the motion of lack of impartiality
as unfounded. In May 2019, the court announcedit would give the expert the opportunity to commenton the motion of lack of impartiality.
Because the expertdiedin February 2020, an expert opinion was not submitted. The court stated thatit would appointa new expert. Itis
expected that the process of appointing a new expert and the preparation of the expert opinion will take two to three years. It could
ultimately take 15 to 20 years after filing (2008) for a final judgment to be handeddown. The courtcase will continue. Similar proceedings
from other small broadcasters, initiated in different courts, were unsuccessful or have been withdrawn.

In June 2016, the main competitors of Fun Radio alleged that a host of the morning show had influenced Fun Radio’s results by
encouraging his listeners to give favorable treatment to Fun Radio in the Médiamétrie surveys. In response to these allegations,
Médiamétrie decided to remove Fun Radio from its surveys. Following a legal procedure initiated by Fun Radio, Médiamétrie was required
to reinstate Fun Radio in the audience results surveys as of September 2016. Nevertheless, Médiamétrie decided to lower Fun Radio's
audience results in its published surveys, alleging the existence of a “halo effect.” Following a procedure initiated by Fun Radio, a judicial
expert was appointed in December 2017 to examine Médiamétrie’s assessment of the alleged halo effect. The judicial expert issued in
September 2019 his final report, which confirmed the halo effect but assessed that Fun Radio’s results were overcorrected. As of
September 2017, Médiamétrie has again published the full audience results for Fun Radio. In parallel to the above procedure, the main
competitors of Fun Radio also filed, in December 2016, a claim for damages, claiming unfair competition, but this procedure was
suspended until the end of the judicial expertise and will restartin the course of the first quarter of 2020. In the meantime, four of the six
claimants withdrew their claim from the proceedings. Negotiations on a settlement with the two remaining claimants failed in late July
2020. For this reason, the courtcase will continue.

On February 22, 2018, the Spanish Competition Authority (CNMC) communicated to Atresmedia the opening of a proceeding for sanctions
in relation to possible practices restricting competition prohibited by article 1 of the Spanish Competition Act. On February 6, 2019, the
CNMC notified the Statement of Objections in which it assumes proven that specificcommercial practices by Atresmedia are restrictive of
competition. On May 28, 2019, the department of the competition authority responsible for the investigation submitted a proposal for a
decision which included a proposed fine of €49.2 million. Atresmedia submitted its observations on the proposed decision on June 28,
2019. On November 12, 2019, the CNMC Board announced its decision and imposed a fine of €38.2 million. On January 10, 2020,
Atresm edia filed an application for judicial review against the decision with the competent court. On October 21,2020, the court entered
a judgment regarding the appeal filed by Atresmedia against the CNMC on November 12, 2019. The court accepted the appeal filed by
Atresm edia for temporary suspension of payment of fines, subject to security to be paid within two months. The courtdenied the petition
filed by Atresmedia requesting thatit be released from the obligation of complying with the CNMC order. The order requests discontinuation
of certain business practices. The court argued that compliance with the order wasin the public interest and served to restore competition

1


--- Page 37 ---

inthis sector. Atresmediais researching with extemal legal advisors whether it should appeal against the court's judgment on the CNMC.
order. The prospects of success are perceivedto be very slim. Furthermore, the Spanish association Forta is assessing whether it should
also file fordamagesdueto lost profitas a result of the salespractices of Atresmedia and Mediaset Espafa. Atresmedia remains convinced
thatthe decision made by the CNMCis notsufficiently justified and expects a positive outcome. The prospects of success are based, inter
alia, on the outdated definition of the advertising market used by the CNMC.

In November 2020, Penguin Random House announced the acquisition of the book publisher Simon & Schuster from the media company
ViacomCBS. The transaction is subject to the approval of various antitrust authorities. The transaction is expected to close during the
course of 2021. In the eventthatthe acquisition is completely prohibited, Penguin Random House has contractually agreed to payment of
a breakup fee.

Foreign directinvestments in the People’s Republic of Chinaare subject to regulatory restrictions. To satisfy local requirements, some of
Bertelsmann’sactivities in China are held by trustees. Bertelsmannhas agreements with these trustees for securing Bertelsmann’s rights.
These types of arrangements (called Variable Interest Entities (VIE) Structures) are standard market practice for investments in China.
However, these structures are rarely the subject of legal disputes in China, which means that there is a certain risk that it will not be
possible to safeguard VIE structures through the courts, particularly if the People’s Republic changes its policies or if courts and authorities
change their case law or administrative practice toward investments by foreigners (particularly in respectto VIE structures). On January
1, 2020, alaw regarding foreign investment (PRC Foreign Investment Law: FIL) entered into force. This FIL replaces existinglawson the
regulation of foreigninvestmentin China. This affects companies that are wholly owned by foreign companies, Chinese-foreign contractual
jointventures and Chinese foreign equity joint ventures. However, VIE structures are notaddressedin the FIL. Accordingly, itis expected
that this structure will retain its status quo, meaning it will continue to be unregulated. Furthermore, the FIL requires fair access to the
market and equal treatment of foreign investment companies, and stipulates that these companies’ corporate governance is subject to
Chinese company law, with a transition period of five years. There are currentlyno indications that VIE structures will be subjectto stricter
regulation in the future. S&P Global Ratings has accordingly adjusted its risk assessment for VIE structures in China, and expects the
probability of regulatory action against VIE structuresto have diminished. Furthermore, VIE structures may nowbe listed on the Shanghai
stock exchange. Bertelsmann lawyers and external legal counsel are working closely with the Group legal department to follow
developments related to the FIL to be able to anticipate legal and economic issues early on. This affects companies within BMG, Arvato
and Bertelsmann Education Group, as well as investments by Bertelsmann Asia Investments (BAI).

Aside from the matters outlined above, no further significant legal and regulatory risks to Bertelsmann are apparentatthis time.

Financial Market Risks

As an international corporation, Bertelsmann is exposed to various forms of financial market risk, especially interest rate and currency
risks. These risks are primarily monitoredcentrally by the Finance Departmenton the basis of guidelines setup by the Executive Board.
Derivative financial instruments are used solely for hedging purposes. Bertelsmann uses currency derivatives mainly to hedge existing
foreign currency risks from future obligations. Some firm commitments denominated in foreign currency are partially hedged when they
are made, with the hedged amount being adapted over time. A number of subsidiaries are based outside the eurozone. The resulting
translation risk to the leverage factor (ratio of economic debt to operating EBITDA) is managed by aligning the leverage factors for the
USD and GBP in the long term withthe maximum permitted for the Group. Foreign currency translation risks arising from netinvestments
in foreign entities are not hedged. The cash flow risk from interest rate changes is centrally monitored and controlled as part of interest
rate management. The aim is to achieve a balanced ratio of different fixed-interest rates through the selection of appropriate maturity
periods for the originated financial assets and liabilities affecting liquidity, and through the ongoing use of interest rate derivatives. The
liquidity risk is regularly monitored on the basis of the budget planning. The syndicated loan and appropriate liquidity provisions form a
sufficient risk buffer for unplanned payments. Counterparty risks existin the Group in respect to invested cash and cash equivalents, as
well as in case a counterparty to derivative transactions defaults. Transactions involving money market securities and other financial
instruments are exclusively conducted with a defined group of banks with high credit ratings. Within the guidelines, a risk limit specified by
the Executive Board has been issued for financial assets and derivatives for each counterparty. Compliance with this limit is regularly
monitored by the Finance Department. The guidelines concerning the investment of cash and cash equivalents are continuously monitored
and extended if necessary. Financial investments are made on a short-term basis, so that the investment volume can be reduced if the

92


--- Page 38 ---

credit rating changes. Compared with the situation at the end of 2019, the financial market risks have grown to a moderate level. The
setup of a strategicand anticipatory liquidity reserve in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic creates an increasedrisk related to investing
the liquidity.

General Statement on the Risk Situation

The risks identifiedin the financial year 2020 are not endangering. Neither are there any substantial discernible risks that could threaten
the existence of the Group.

The overall risk situation is above the previous year’s level. The pandemic has created significant challenges, in particular the risks in
connection with economic development anda changing market environment. In particular, legal and regulatory risks, customer and supplier
risks, pricing and marginrisks and possible loss of audience and market share at RTL Group still constitute the key challenges. However,
asa resultof the diversification of Group businesses, there are no concentration risks stemming from dependency on individual business
partners or products in either procurementor sales. The Group's financial positionis solid, with liquidity needs covered by existing liquidity
and available credit facilities.

Opportunity Management System

An efficient opportunity management system enables Bertelsmannto secure its corporate successin the long term, and to exploit potential
in an optimal way. Opportunities are possible future developments or events that could result in a positive deviation from the outlook or
objectives for Bertelsmann. The opportunity management system is, like the RMS, an integral component of business processes and
company decisions. During the strategy and planning process, significant opportunities are determined each year from the profit-center
level upward, and then aggregated step by step at the division and Group levels. By systematically recording them on several reporing
levels, opportunities that arise can be identified and exploited at an early stage. This also creates an interdivisional overview of
Bertelsmann’s current opportunities. A review of major changes in opportunities is conducted at the division level every six months. In
addition, the largely decentralized opportunity management system is coordinated by central departments in the Group in order to derive
synergies through targeted cooperationin the individual divisions. The interdivisional experience transferis reinforced by regular meetings
of the GMC.

Opportunities

While the above-mentioned opportunities associated with positive development may be accompanied by corresponding risks, certain risks
are entered into in order to be able to exploit potential opportunities. This link to the key Group risks offers strategic, operational, legal,
regulatory andfinancial opportunities for Bertelsmann.

Strategic opportunities can be derived primarily from the Group's further strategic development (see the section “Strategy’). In particular,
there are opportunities in some cases for exploiting synergies as a result of the strategic portfolio expansions. There are individual
operating opportunities in the individual divisions, in addition to the possibility of more favorable economic development.

For RTL Group, a better-than-expected development of the TV advertising markets, as well as higher audience and advertising market
shares, are major opportunities. Furthermore, the increasing digitization and fragmentation of the media landscape are opening up
opportunities. Professionally produced content can be distributed across multiple platforms nationally and intemationally. New revenue
streams could be generated by exploiting existing TV content across different platforms, and by creating native digital content. Also, the
increased presence in the digital sector provides opportunities for online video advertising sales onall devices and platforms, and growing
subscriber-based revenues in the on-demand business. Other opportunities can be found in target-group marketing of the Group’s own
inventory (addressable advertising) and advertising technology products for third parties. In addition, stepping up distribution of new
technologies such as UHD/4K could contribute to greater revenue growth in the platform business.

93


--- Page 39 ---

Penguin Random House is the world’s largest trade book publisher. Its position enables the publishing group to attract new authors and
book projects to potentially growits market share. The group is well positioned to investin new markets and diverse content worldwide to
take advantage of increasing interestin long-form reading, and to thereby offer its contentto the widest possible readership. In general,
the digital evolution transforming book markets offers the potential for new product development, and broaderand more efficient marketing
channels as well as better accessibility to the backlist. Digital audiobooks are experiencing growth worldwide, while new technologies
could make books more appealing andbring book content to wider audiences. New online tools and platforms are expanding opportunities
for author engagementwith readers.

For Gruner + Jahr, a better development of the advertising and sales markets represents significant opportunities. The transformation is
providing further opportunities due to the development of new businesses related to the published brands. There are opportunities for
growth, particularly in the development and expansion of digital activities andin cooperation with other publishers andmarketers. In terms
of marketing, G+J could gain newcustomers through new forms of advertising in the online, mobile, video and podcast channels.

BMGs focus is on organic growth through the signing of additional artists and songwriters. There may also be opportunities for selective
acquisitions of music catalogs. The growing international market penetration of subscription-based music streaming services offers
opportunities to expand the recorded-music and music-publishing markets.

At Arvato, interdivisional cooperation and major projects can provide additional opportunities for acquiring new customers. The global e-
commerce market will continue its dynamic growth over the next few years. Arvato could participate significantly in this growth through
new services, particularly those offered by the Supply Chain Solutions and Financial Solutions areas. Further growth opportunities from
ongoing digitization lie in the developmentof innovative IP-based andcloud-based IT services.

Bertelsmann Printing Group businesses may decline less steeply through additional volumes of existing and new customers. Furthermore,
increased consolidationin the market couldresultin an additional strengthening of Bertelsmann Printing Group’s own competitive position.

The education business is being developed as Bertelsmann’s third earnings pillar, alongside the media and service businesses. In
particular, a further shift away from traditional classroom-based delivery methods toward online and skill-based training offers further
growth opportunities for the education business. The growing online education market also offers organic growth opportunities for
Bertelsmann Education Group businesses. For example, Relias has the potential to grow more rapidly than expected through additional
learningcontent and platforms for hospitals.

For Bertelsmann Investments fund activities, there is the opportunity to realize higher-than-expected profits, thanks to increasing portfolio
valuations or through the disposal of investments.

The currentinnovation efforts detailedin the section “Innovations” offer further potential opportunities for the individual divisions.

Other opportunities could arise from changes to the legal andregulatory environment.

The financial opportunities are largely basedon a favorable development of interest and exchange rates from Bertelsmann’s point of view.
Outlook

Anticipated Overall Economic Development

Bertelsmann anticipates that economic conditions will develop as follows in 2021. After a historic decline in the economy, the global
economy should expand strongly again in the following year. The global economic recovery slowed down in the winter of 2020/2021 due
to another wave of infection, butthe long-term upward trend remains intact. As the rate of immunizationincreases and the measures for
fighting the pandemic arelifted, economicactivity will continue to pick up in the course of the year. In its outlook from December 2020, the

Kiel Institute for the World Economy (IfW) estimates that global productionwill increase by 6.1 percentin 2021, compared to a decline of
3.8 percentin 2020.

94


--- Page 40 ---

The economic recovery in the eurozone is expected to progress consistently. The IfW estimates real economic growth of 4.9 percent in
2021. The IfW expects GDP for Germany to grow by 3.1 percentin real terms. The growth rate in France is expected to be 6.3 percentin
real terms. Forthe United Kingdom, GDP is expectedto rise by 6.5 percentin realterms in 2021. In the United States, a return to positive
growth rates is also expected; the forecast for 2021 is real economic growth of 3.7 percent.

Anticipated Development in Relevant Markets

The worldwide media industry is primarily influenced by global economic developments and the resulting growth dynamic. The continued
trend toward digitization of content and distribution channels, changes in mediausage and the increasing influence of emerging economies
will continue to present risks and opportunities in the years to come. With its strategic focus, Bertelsmann expects to benefit to an
increasing extent from the resulting opportunities. Through its businesses, Bertelsmann operates in a variety of different markets and
regions whose developments are subject to a range of factors and that do notrespondin a linear fashion to overall economic tendencies.
The following takes into account only those markets and regionsthat are large enough to be relevant forforecasting purposes and whose
expected development can be appropriately aggregated and evaluated, or that are strategically important from a Group perspective.

In 2021, the TV advertising markets are projected to show slight growth in Germany; significant growth in France, the Netherlands and
Hungary; and strong growth in Belgium and Spain. The streaming markets in Germany and the Netherlands are expected to continue
growing strongly. The bookmarkets are expectedto remain stable overall. In 2021, in the magazine business in Germany, a strong decline
is expected in the print advertising markets, as well as a significant decline in the circulation markets, while continued strong growth is
expected in the digital segment. In the relevant music market, the publishing market segmentis expected to decline significantly, whereas
strong growth is projected for the recordings market segment. Service markets will likely show moderate growth in 2021, with the exception
of the financial services market. The gravure marketin Europe is expected to continue its strong decline in 2021, a significant decline is
expected for the offset marketin Europe, and a slight decline is expected in the book printing market in North America. Overall, sustained
moderate to strong growth is anticipated for the relevant US education markets.

Expected Business Development

The following assessments are subject to a particularly high degree of uncertainty. Itis only possible to assess the direction of the pandemic
and its economic consequences in the shortterm, therefore making ithard to sufficiently predict the future. This limited unpredictability is
currently a challenge when trying to assess the effects on the markets relevant to Bertelsmann and the anticipated overall economic
situation. In addition, geopolitical crises, national deficits, currency turbulence or the introduction of higher tariffs as a result of rising
protectionist tendencies could interfere with economic performance. The resulting developments could also adversely affect the overall
economic situation, which is a key factor influencing Bertelsmann’s business performance. Accordingly, the following expectations are
based on the assumption of a recovery in the overall economic situation, and an assumption that most of the forecasted market
developments and economic predictions of the research institutions will be realized.

For the financial year 2021, Bertelsmann anticipates that business development will be driven by a recovery of the European TV advertising
markets andby stable book markets, as well as by mostly growing service, music and online education markets. The growth stimulicreated
through strategic portfolio expansions will continue to have a positive impact on Bertelsmann’s growth profile.

In addition to the assumed market developments, the predicted economic developments in the geographic core markets of Westem
Europe and the United States are the basis of the expected businessdevelopment. With revenue andearnings share within the eurozone
currently expectedat around two-thirds, the range of growthis above all based on the forecasted real and nominal economicdevelopment
in this economic zone. The IfW therefore predicts that GDP in the eurozone willincrease by 4.9 percentinrealterms, while the International
Monetary Fund expects growth of 4.2 percent for 2021. In view of these economic expectations and under the assumption that infection
rates do not rise again, Bertelsmann expects revenues to show a moderate increase in the financial year 2021. Operating EBITDA in the
financial year 2021 is expected show a stable performance excluding the disposal proceeds from real estate transactions achieved in
2020 and in consideration of continued expenses for the streaming segment as well as investments in tech & data. However, taking into
account disposal proceeds from real estate transactions achieved in financial year 2020, operating EBITDA as well as BVA are expected

95


--- Page 41 ---

to decline strongly in the financial year 2021. These expectations are based onoperational planning for the financial year 2021 and on the
exchangerates as of November 2020.

The operating earnings of RTL Group will be strongly above the previous year’s figure as the European TV advertising markets are
expected to recover. Otherwise, the expected performance of any individual division of key significance for the Bertelsmann Group is not
expected to deviate significantly from that of the Group.

Depending on how the economy develops, Bertelsmann does not currently anticipate interest rate changes to have any material impact
on the average financing costs of medium- to long-term financing. The liquidity situation in the forecast periodis expected to be sufficient

These forecasts are based on Bertelsmann’s business strategy, as outlined in the section “Corporate Profile.” In general, the forecasts
reflect careful consideration of risks and opportunities. All statements concerning potential future economic and business developments
represent opinions advancedon the basis of the information thatis currently available. Should underlying assumptions fail to apply and/or
further risks arise, actual results may differ from those expected. Accordingly, no assurances can be provided concerning the accuracy of
such statements.

Notes to the Financial Statements of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA (in accordance with
HGB, German Commercial Code)

In addition to the Group reporting, the business development of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA is outlined below. Bertelsmann SE &
Co. KGaA is the parent company and group holding company of the Bertelsmann Group. As a group holding company, itexercises key
corporate functions suchas the definition andfurtherdevelopment of group strategy, capital allocation, financing and management. There
are also service functions for individual divisions within the Corporate Center. Furthermore, itis the controlling company of the tax group
for mostof the domestic subsidiaries. The position of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA is essentially determined by the business success of
the Bertelsmann Group.

The Annual Financial Statements of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA, in contrast to the Consolidated Financial Statements, have not been

preparedin accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), butin accordance with the regulations of the German
Commercial Code (HGB) andthe supplementary regulations of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG).

96


--- Page 42 ---

Results of Operations of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA

Income Statement of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA in accordance with HGB

in € millions 2020 2019

_Other operating income .
Cost of materials (29) (31)

Amortization, deprecation and write-downs (20) (23)

Interest income (70)

Taxes on income

Eamings after taxes 437 400

Othertaxes (2) (3)

Income brought forward

Net retained profits

The results of operations of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA are significantly affected by the amount ofincome from other participations, due
to BertelsmannSE & Co. KGaA’s role as the parent company of the Bertelsmann Group. The increase in net income to €435 million
(previous year: €397 million) is primarily attributable to the increase in other operating income andin income from participations. In contast
to this, the increase in taxes on incomeimpactedthe developmentin netincome.

The change in other operating income is attributable to the proceeds from the disposal of a plot of land anda building as well as the
increase in foreign currency gains. The increase of €33 million in other operating expenses is largely attributable to an increase in loss
allowances on receivables by €46 million, expenses in connection with financing of a subsidiary in the amount of €28 million and
restructuring expenses in the amountof €13 million. This was offset by the decline of €52 million in expenses from warranty contracts.

Income from other participations is primarily affected by the am ountof incomefrom a profit and losstransfer agreement with Bertelsmann
Capital Holding GmbH, Gitersloh. Mainly as a result of the effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the business activities of RTL Group
GmbH, Cologne, and its subsidiaries, the amount ofincome coming from the profit and loss transfer agreement with this company dropped
by €294 million. This decline was partially compensated for by the increase in income coming from the profit and losstransfer agreements
of other subsidiaries attributable to positive effects from a corporate transaction andsales of buildings.

Other interestincome and similar income as well as other income expenses and similar expenses included in the item “Interestincome”
increasedby €31 millionand €38 million, respectively. Due to an increase in financing extended to subsidiaries, other interestincome and
similarincome rose. The increase in other income expenses and similar expenses is largely attributable to the issue of bonds and
promissory notes.

Write-downs of long-term financial assets in the amount of €60 million mainly pertain to a write-down of shares in Gruner + Jahr GmbH,
Hamburg.

97


--- Page 43 ---

The taxes on income increased to €-212 million in the 2020 financial year (previous year: €-60 million) as a result of increased taxable
income ofthe tax group.

Net Assets and Financial Position of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA

Balance Sheet of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA in accordance with HGB (Summary)

in € millions 12/31/2020 12/31/2019
Assets

Fixed assets

18,030 17,293

Receivables and other assets

Securities, cashand cash equivalents 2,476 513

Prepaid expensesand deferred charges 20 20

Equity andliabilities

Provisions 736 570

Liabilities 14,488 11,944

The total assets of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA increased from €22,366 million inthe previous year to €25,513 million. Thisdevelopment
is largely attributable to financing measures and measures taken to secure liquidity. A high ratio of equity (40 percent) and long-term
financial assets (69 percent) to total assets continues to characterize net assets and financial position.

The change in long-term financial assets is attributable to the opposing trends in investments in affiliated companies (increase of
€1,014 million) andin securities held as fixed assets (increase of €209 million) on the one hand, and a decrease of €482 millionin loans
to affiliates on the other hand. Investments in affiliated companies increased due to the contributions to Bertelsmann, Inc., Wilmingtonin
the amount of €835 million, and to Bertelsmann Capital Holding GmbH, Gitersloh, in the amount of €216 million. Loans to affiliated
companies decreased as a result of repayment of loans. The increase in receivables and other assets is largely related to financing
extended to affiliated companies. The increasein cash and cash equivalents is mainly attributable to the issue of bonds and debentures.

Equity increased by €435 millionas a result of the netincome of the reporting year. Liabilitiesincreased to € 14,488 million (previous year:
€11,944 million), of which €1,700 million is attributable to bonds and debentures. Financing measures and measures taken to secure
liquidity induded the issue of four bonds and three debentures. The increase in liabilities to affiliated companies from €6,780 million to
€7,601 million is attributable to the increase in the amount of cash and cash equivalents that were deposited by subsidiaries with the
company.

Risks and Opportunities for Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA

As Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA is largely linked to the Bertelsmann Group companies, among other things through financing and
guarantee commitments, as well as through direct and indirect investments in the subsidiaries, the situation of Bertelsmann SE &

98


--- Page 44 ---

Co. KGaA in terms of risks and opportunities is primarily dependent on the risks and opportunities of the Bertelsmann Group. In this
respect, the statements made by corporate management concerning the overallassessmentof the risks andopportunities also constitute
a summary of the risks and opportunities of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA (see the section “Risks and Opportunities”).

Outlook for Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA

As the parent company of the Bertelsmann Group, Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA receives from its subsidiaries dividend distributions and
incomeor expenses from profit and loss transfer agreements, as wellas income from services provided to its subsidiaries. Consequently,
the performance of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA is primarily determined by the business performance of the Bertelsmann Group (see the
section “Outlook’).

Dependent Company Report (Statement in accordance with Section 312 of the German Stock Corporation Act
(AktG))

The Executive Board of Bertelsmann Management SE, as general partner of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA, has submitted a voluntary
report to the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA in accordance with sections 278 (3) and 312(1) of the German Stock
Corporation Act, in which it outlines its relationships with affiliated companies for the financial year 2020. The Executive Board hereby
declares that Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA received adequate consideration in return for each and every legal transaction under the
circumstances known atthe time the transactions were undertaken.

Combined Non-Financial Statement

The following information relates to Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA and the Bertelsmann Group (“Bertelsmann”) with its incorporated, fully
consolidated subsidiaries (“subsidiaries”) in accordance with sections 315b and 315c of the HGB, in conjunction with sections 289b to
289¢e of the HGB.

Bertelsmann operates in the core business fields of media, services and education in around 50 countries (see the section “Company
Profile”). Taking responsibility — for employees, society, the business environment and the natural environment— is firmly anchored in
Bertelsmann’s corporate culture. In its corporate responsibility management, Bertelsmann pursues the goal of reconciling commercial
interests with social and environmental concerns, within the Group andbeyond.

When preparing its combined non-financial statement, Bertelsmann follows the Standards (2016) of the Global Reporting Initiative (102
and 103). In addition, voluntary reporting basedon the GRI Standards (2016; in accordance: Core option) is published in the middle of the
financial year.

Company Principles and Guidelines

The prerequisites for a corporate culturein which employees, management and shareholders work together successfully, respectfully and
in a spirit of trust are common goals and shared values. These are set forth in the corporate constitution as well as in the Bertelsmann
Essentials “Creativity and Entrepreneurship.” Furthermore, the Bertelsmann Code of Conduct— as a binding guideline — defines minimum
standards for ethical and lawful conduct within the company andtoward business partners andthe public. The Bertelsmann Supplier Code
of Conductsets out the mandatory minimum requirements for its business partners in their relationship with Bertelsmann.

Bertelsmann’s actions are also determined by external guidelines. The company uses as guidance the recommendations of the German

Corporate Governance Code for good and responsible corporate governance and largely follows the OECD Guidelines for Multinational
Enterprises. Bertelsmann is committed to the principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Guiding

99


--- Page 45 ---

Principles on Business and Human Rights, andthe International Labor Organization core labor standards. A member of the United Nations
Global Compact, Bertelsmann supports the Agenda 2030 of the UN.

Corporate Responsibility Management
Organization

The advisory body for the strategic development of corporate responsibility (CR) at Bertelsmann is the CR Council. The CR Council is
made up of high-ranking managers from the corporate divisions and the Chief Human Resources Officer of Bertelsmann, who chairs the
advisory body. The CR Council focuses on Group-wide CR topics in line with the corporate strategy, anchoring CRmore strongly in the
corporate divisions andthe cross-divisional coordination of CR activities within the Group.

At the Group level, the Corporate Responsibility department coordinates and supports the work of the CR Council in close cooperation
with the other Group functions. Within the Bertelsmann corporate structure, the local management teamsare responsible for implementing
corporate responsibility through specific measures and projects. The corporate divisions and companies have their own structures and
processes in place for this, in accordance with local requirements.

Topics

To identify key CR topics, Bertelsmann carries out regular CRrelevance analyses. For each analysis, the company conducts a survey of
internal and extemal stakeholders; the external stakeholders estimate the impact of Bertelsmann’s business activity on the CR topics,
while the internal stakeholders assess their business relevance. This process serves to identify CR topics that are necessary for
understanding the business development, the business performance, the position of the Group and the impact of its activity on the non-
financial aspects, which include employee and social matters, respect for human rights, anti-corruption and bribery matters as well as
environmental matters. These topics are analyzed within the company boundaries, unless otherwise stated. In 2020, the Bertelsmann
Executive Boardconfimedthe validity of the current CRrelevance matrix.

CR topics, including non-financial performance indicators, areincreasingly important for Bertelsmann’sbusinesses, but have notyet been
incorporated into the value-oriented management system. Due to currently limited measurability, no directly quantifiable statements can
be made regarding relevant interdependencies and value increases for the Group. For this reason, the non-financial performance
indicators are not used for the management of the Group (see the section “Value-Oriented Management System’).

Risks

A number of risks associated with CR topics are relevant for Bertelsmann. These risks can arise from the company’s own business
activities or from its business relationships, and can affect the company or its environment and stakeholders.

For the non-financial matters defined inthe German Commercial Code — employee and social matters, anti-corruption and bribery matters,
respect for human rights and environmental matters — no significant risks were identifiable as part of the 2020 reporting. For more
information on the relevant risks, please see the section “Risks and Opportunities.”

Employee Matters

Motivated employees are key to creativity, innovation andcontinued businesssuccess. This corporate identity — anchoredin the corporate
constitution and Bertelsmann Essentials — is the basis for the Executive Board guidelines on HR work. Supplementary regulations are
specified in the Bertelsmann Code of Conduct. The Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) of Bertelsmann is primarily responsible for
dealing with employee matters within the company. The main focus of his work throughout the Group includes setting the strategic HR
agenda, aligning management development with the Group’s strategic priorities, Bertelsmann University, standardizing and providing IT
supportfor important HR processes, developing the corporate culture and implementing corporate responsibility in the Group.

100


--- Page 46 ---

The CHRO heads the HR Committee, which is the corporate committee responsible for international HR matters at Bertelsmann. Its
members are the heads of HRatthe corporate divisions who havea functional reporting line to the CHRO, as well as head managers of
the corporate HRdepartment.

Participation

Continual dialogue between employees and company managementat Bertelsmann is a key element of Bertelsmann’s corporate culture.
The goal of participationis to involve employees in the continued development of the company andto gain theirperspective on fundamental
decisions in regardto company policy.

Although Bertelsmann, as a media company, is free to determine its political directionas definedin the German Works Constitutions Act
(Tendenzschutz) and therefore is not subject to statutory co-determination in the Supervisory Board, the company nevertheless makes
four positions on the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA available to employees on a voluntary basis. Three of these are
leading works council members of German Group companies and one is a member of the Bertelsmann Management Representative
Committee, currently vacant. In addition, managers, general workforce, employees with disabilities and trainees all have platforms for
exchangingideas, advancing topics andvoicing theirconcerns. The Bertelsmann Group Dialogue Conference is anevent where the CEO,
CHRO and members of the Corporate Works Council from the Group divisions in Germany can exchange ideas. In 2020, this led to
intensive collaboration and cross-divisional communication beyond the scope of the committees required by law, for example to tackle
challenges posed by the coronaviruspandemic andto initiate projects suchas a Bertelsmann platform for cooperating on IT matters. The
same applies to representatives for employees with disabilities in the Group for implementing the Inclusion Action Planin the German
Bertelsmanncompanies. Employees are also involved in the development and improvement of working conditions through standardized
HR interview tools (Performance and Development Dialogue, Agreements on Objectives, Team Talk), as well as international employee
surveys. In 2020, numerous pulse surveys were conducted in the divisions and among top executives in response to the coronavirus
pandemic. In addition, the frequency of the intemational Employee Survey was shortened to two years.

Learning

Highly qualified employees are needed to address major changes such as the Group’s increasingly international focus, the digital
transformation of mediaand services, anddemographic change. Bertelsmann University aims to assist employees with their performance
by providing opportunities for lifelong learning, and thus contribute to their long-term employability. With four campuses — Strategy,
Leadership, Function and Individual —Bertelsmann University is the central learning organization Group-wide.

In response to the global coronavirus pandemic, Bertelsmann University suspended all in-person classes as of March 2020 and moved
online the international program in the areas of Strategy, Leadership and Transformation. In the process of developing digital courses
focused on technology competency, new course curricula were introduced in the areas of data, the cloud and artificial intelligence.
Furthermore, the three-year Udacity scholarship program was continued for a second year, providing 50,000 scholarships for which both
employees and external candidates are eligible to apply. Additional initiatives with an emphasis on strengthening the company’s leaming
culture and social learning induded the “Kollegen-Campus” (Campus of Colleagues), a digital and international initiative for peer-to-peer
learning. In Germany, the Bertelsmann training and studies courses were also adjusted to accommodate the changes caused by the
coronavirus pandemic by using adapted learning environments andan increasing number of digital work methods.

Diversity

The diversity and differences in the workforce are prerequisites for creativity, innovation and Bertelsmann’s long-term business success.
This is conveyed in the Bertelsmann Essentials. Furthermore, the Bertelsmann Executive Board emphasizes in its Diversity Statementits
aim of increasing diversity of staff at all levels and in every respect. The diversity strategy is implemented by the Corporate
Responsibility department, with supportfrom a Group-wide working group. The focus in 2020 was on the following dimensions: gender,
disabilities as well as sexual orientation and identity. Some divisions set their own additional priorities to reflect the local situation. The

101


--- Page 47 ---

Bertelsmann website provides an overview of the measures used for increasing diversity at Bertelsmann under the link
www.bertelsmann.com/diversity.

On December 31, 2020, the genders were almost evenly distributed across the entire staff, with 54 percent women (previous year: 53
percent) and 46 percent men (previous year: 47 percent). The Group Management Committee (GMC), which advises the Bertelsmann
Executive Board on important corporate strategy and development matters, as well as other issues that affect the Group as a whole,
comprised 18 members (previous year: 16), of which six were female (previous year: six) as of December 31, 2020. To enhancediversity
atthe management levels, Bertelsmann aims to achieve the goal of one-third of positionsin top andsenior management across all divisions
being occupied by women by the end of 2021. To fulfil this goal, the targeted proportion of womenin the talent pools was set at one-third
for the top and senior management pool and50 percentfor the career development pool. These targets were already metin 2019/2020.
The proportion of women in top management was increased.

Targeted proportion of women in top and senior management

Target for 2021 in percent 2020 2019
One-third of positions across all Top management "”! 27 22
divisions occupied by women Senior management 1!) 30 30

1) Top and senior management comprises those positions that are of particular importance because of their success-critical function and their strategic relevance for the
Group's continued transformation and the achievement of its strategic targets. Top management positions comprise GMC positions but not Executive Board positions.

2) Basis: permanent and fixed-term employees as of December 31; with gender indication 2020 (90 percent), with gender indication 2019 (90 percent), limited comparability

3) Basis: permanent and fixed-term employees as of December 31; with gender indication 2020 (93 percent), with gender indication 2019 (91 percent), limited comparability

The Bertelsmann Supervisory Board is notified annually of the progress in regardto these targets.

The Bertelsmann Inclusion Action Plan 2019-2024 aims to form processes and structures in the German companies to maximize
accessibility foremployees with disabilities so they may contribute their full potential to the company’s success. The first evaluation of the
measures implemented was carried out after one year as planned and is available at the Bertelsmann website under
www.bertelsmann.com/disability-and-inclusion. The be.queer LGBTIQ employee network, launched in 2017, continued its activities in
2020 and actively assisted in linking the LGBTIQ networks in the divisions. Furthermore, various measures were implemented in the
divisions again in 2020, especially as a response to the “Black Lives Matter” movement.

Health

With a view to designing a health-promoting work environment and preventing work-related risks of disease, Bertelsmann is continually
expanding the company health management system at German locations. Bertelsmann Health Management develops and takes
responsibility for the Bertelsmann health strategy in cooperation with a cross-functional strategy group. The head of HR Coordination and
Shared Services chairs this group and directs implementation of the health strategy. This individual is assisted by the cross-divisional
“Health Community,” which is comprised of employees in areas of health and human resources, works council members and
representatives for employees with disabilities and works on topics such as “Minimum Health Standards.” Health representatives in the
German companies assist in locally implementing Health Management in business operations. The internal Health Management
Consulting provides advising services and support.

Due to the coronavirus pandemic, the focus of managementin 2020 was on immediately protecting the health of all employees all over
the globe. This included setting up centralized and local crisis teams to develop and implement prevention and protection measures in
accordance with statutory regulations. The most important measure was helping employees Group-wide to work from home wherever this,
was compatible with operational considerations. Additional initiatives included organizing and supplying masks and disinfectants, creating
in-house (PCR) testing facilities and preparing and implementing plans for employees’ return to the workplace, including the necessary
organizational adjustments. All of these measures were accompanied by numerous support programs for maintaining mental and physical
health as well as extensive communication activities.

102


--- Page 48 ---

Furthermore, in 2020 the German companies were informed of the findings of the third status report on “Minimum Health Standards”
carried outin Germany as well as the healthrecommendations basedon the international employee survey (2019). Most of the companies
are actively implementing the minimum standards, thereby already establishing the basicfoundations for Health Management. In additon,
the companies were provided with a toolbox for assessing the risk of psychological stress to assist them in complying with statutory
requirements.

Fair Working Conditions

Strategy implementation and operational responsibility are for the most part delegated to the divisions and companies, in accordance with
the subsidiarity principle. This also includes ensuring fair working conditions as well as safety and health at the workplace, which are
integral elements of the corporate culture. It is Bertelsmann’s goal to implementthis. The Supplier Code of Conductcontains standards
for Bertelsmann’s business partners stipulating that they adhere to the statutory regulations on fair working conditions and allow their
employees to speak up freely andwithout fear of retaliation.

At Bertelsmann, remuneration issues are an essential part of fair working conditions. The design of the compensation system is intended
to ensure that remuneration is driven by market, function and performance considerations, taking into account business-specific
characteristics. Profit sharing at Bertelsmann and many of its subsidiaries in Germany is based on the same criteria as those used to
calculate variable remuneration components for Executive Board members and executives. A number of additional subsidiaries in
Germany and abroad have similar success and employee-profit-sharing models adapted to local requirements. In 2020, a total of
€100 million of the 2019 profit was distributed as part of such schemes. Other aspects of the topic “Fair Working Conditions,” such as
human rights, health, continuing education and anti-discrimination are discussed elsewhere in this non-financial statement. The
international Employee Survey, last conducted in 2019, also asks respondents for their sentiment on issues related to fair working
conditions.

Social Matters
Creative Independence

Creativity is one of the two company values at Bertelsmann. Free and critical thinking as well as exchange of varying opinions form the
basis of the company’s canon of values. Bertelsmann stands for editorial and journalistic independence in its content businesses, as well
as for freedom of the pressand artistic license. Bertelsmann publishes a wide variety of opinions andpositions. These basic principles for
business activities are also set forth in the Bertelsmann Code of Conduct. Bertelsmann aimsto ensure thisindependence intwo directions.
Inside the company, it means that our management does not attempt to influence the decisions of artists, authors, editors and program
managers, or to restrict their artistic or editorial freedom. To the outside, this means that both content managers and company managers
comply with existing laws regarding the separation of editorial content and commercial advertising and do not capitulate to political or
economic influence in their coverage. In accordance with the Bertelsmann “Editor-in-Chief Principle,” editorial decisions are the sole
responsibility of the content managers. 2020 saw a continuation of a variety of organizational measures to safeguard editorial and artistic
independence atthe editorial andcreative departments. Here the focus is primarily oncomplyingwith the “Editor-in-Chief Principle,” duties
of care, respectfor privacy, and dealing with the representation of violence andthe protection of minors.

Content Responsibility

Contentresponsibility at Bertelsmann means reflecting on the repercussions of the contentit produces and distributes, to protect the rights
and interests of media users, customers and third parties as far as possible. Overriding principles and guidelines of media ethics are set
by national and international laws governing the press, broadcasting and multimedia; by voluntary commitments to external guidelines
such as the ethics codes of national press councils; and within the company by the Bertelsmann Code of Conduct. In accordance with
these principles and guidelines, Bertelsmann’s editorial staff are committed to, among other things, “respecting privacy andthe responsible
treatm entof information, opinion andimages.” As a result, the company expects careful research, qualitative reporting and transparency
in case of errors. Thorough journalistic skills are more importantthan ever in the face of online disinformation. Furthermore, the issue of

103


--- Page 49 ---

content responsibility is anchored in various ways in the divisions, companies and editorial departments. In accordance with the “Editor-
in-Chief Principle,” the responsibility for media content lies solely with the managers in the editorial teams and creative departments.
Cross-division verification teams continuedin 2020 to provide their expertise in discerning between authentic and manipulated photos and
videos, or those taken outof context.

In the area of youth media protection, contentis monitored in accordance with different restrictions for each medium and region to see if
it could adversely affect the development of children or young people. If there are indications of such, various restrictions come into force,
such as broadcasting time restrictions or content and/or product labels. Through voluntary labeling systems, Bertelsmann divisions and
companies sometimes go beyond the existing EU and national regulations, particularly in the area of audiovisual media. In addition,
Bertelsmann companies are active in child and youth media protection organizations.

Customer Data Protection

Bertelsmann attaches great importance to protecting customer data. Thisincludes safeguarding the personal data of company customers,
as well as personal data provided to Bertelsmann by its business partners regarding their customers. The goal of customer data protection
is to protect an individual's right to determine who has what knowledge about the individual, and when. This also means that personal
information, or information that could identify a person, must be handled in accordance with the legal requirements and adequately
protected against unauthorized access and that the data subjects mustbe able to claim their statutory rights. There are various possibilites
for data subjects to contact Bertelsmann, including email addresses set up for this purpose. In addition to the Bertelsmann Code of
Conduct, customer data protection within the company is regulated by Executive Board guidelines on the topics of information security
and IT risk management.

The Executive Board Guideline on Data Protection reflects the basic legal dataprotection framework at Bertelsmann Group based on the
European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), andis designedto ensure consistent data protection management across
the Bertelsmann Group. A Group-wide data protection management system addresses in particular the implementation of the
documentation and accountability obligations under GDPR.

Responsibility for customer data protection rests with the management of the individual subsidiaries. To ensure compliance with data
protection laws, the subsidiaries in Germany have a data protection organization consisting of central data protection officers and local
data protection coordinators. The latter report to the localmanagement, as well as annually or on an event-driven basis to the central data
protection officers, who in turn report annually or on an event-driven basis to the Bertelsmann Executive Board. A similar organization
exists in subsidiaries outside Germany. An Information Security Management System (ISMS) based on industry-standard ISO 27001
creates the technical and organizational framework for confidential data processing. The ISMS features a regular and structured survey
of relevant processes and procedures, to ensure compliance with statutory information security requirements, a systematic recording of
risks and derivation, and control of related mitigation measures.

Protecting Intellectual Property

Bertelsmann’sbusinesses also develop, produce, finance, transfer, license and sell products and services that are protected as intellectual
property. For Bertelsmann, the protection of intellectual property rights is of particular importance for its analog and digital business. This
is also set forth in the Bertelsmann Code of Conduct: “We respect and protect all forms of intellectual property and protected content.” For
this reason, the company is committedto the highest possible level of global copyright protection worldwide, as wellas maintaining strong
exclusive rights and freedom of contract— and in the same measure, also to balanced legal conditions that allow for fair competition in the
digital market. The Taskforce Copyright, with representatives from the relevant German content businesses (Mediengruppe RTL
Deutschland, Penguin Random House Verlagsgruppe, G+J, BMG and UFA), monitor currentdevelopments and legislative processes in
EU and German copyright law and develop joint positions. The focus in 2020 was the transposition of the EU copyright directive in the
digital single marketinto Germanlaw.

104


--- Page 50 ---

Respect for Human Rights

Through its Code Conduct and its voluntary commitment to external guidelines, Bertelsmann is committed to respecting and protecting
human rights within the company and in its business relationships. The goal is to minimize the risk of human rights violations and
discrimination to the greatest possible extent. For this reason, the Bertelsmann Executive Board established an Integrity & Compliance
program and appointed a Corporate Compliance Committee (CCC). The CCC submits an annual Compliance Reportto the Bertelsmann
Executive Board and the Audit and Finance Committee. The CCC chair is the head of the Corporate Legal Department. The Integrity &
Compliance (I&C) departmentis responsible for implementing the topic, and is subordinated to the CCC in the organization. |&C supports
the CCC in fulfilling its tasks and makes suggestions for necessary improvements to the 1&C program. I&C ensures that employees
worldwide are made aware of the key legal provisions and internal company guidelines, including those concerning respect for human
rights. 1&C continued its Code of Conducttraining sessions in 2020 and took communication measures that included the topic “Respect
for Human Rights.”

Respect for human rights within the supplychainis also expressly stipulated by the Bertelsmann Code of Conduct and the Supplier Code
of Conduct. This includes a ban on child and coercive labor and a ban on discrimination and intimidation, and it reaffirms the right to
freedom of association andthe rightto engage in collective bargaining.

In addition, in 2020 individual subsidiaries and Bertelsmannitselfissued statements for 2019in accordance with the “UK Modem Slavery
Act” that condemn all forms of modern slavery, coercive and child labor, and exploitation and discrimination, and present measures to
prevent these human rights violations. These statements are revised each year (if required). Infringements of these principles can be
reported by Bertelsmann employees and third parties by using the existing compliance management systems.

In terms of anti-discrimination, contact persons for Germany's “General Equal Treatment Act” (AGG) have been appointed at German
locations. Employees can contact them in the event of suspected breaches of said act. The employees are informedof their rights under
the AGG and given corresponding training through a wide range of communication channels. The topic of anti-discrimination was
addressed Group-wide as part of Code of Conducttraining sessions to build employee awareness of the issue and advise them of their
rights. These and other international activities are being continually refined and expanded. Regarding business partners, the Supplier
Code of Conduct stipulates that they provide a workplace environment that does not allow for discrimination. The Supplier Code of Conduct
also stipulates that Bertelsmann’s business partners do not tolerate discrimination against employees or applicants for employment
because of any characteristic specified under applicable antidiscrimination law or company policy.

The findings of the Bertelsmann Compliance Risk Analysis of 2020 show thatthe risks of human rights violations and discrimination are
minimizedto the greatest extent possible in viewof the measures that have beentaken.

Anti-Corruption and Bribery Matters

Bertelsmann actively combats corruption. As a participant in the United Nations Global Compact, Bertelsmann is committed to taking a
stance againstall types of corruption, among other things. A key priority of the Bertelsmann Executive Board is to effectively counteract
corruptionwithin the company. The goal is to reduce the risk of corruption to a level at whichit does not endangerthe company’s success.
Both the Bertelsmann Code of Conduct and the Executive Board Guideline on anti-corruption and integrity expressly prohibit all forms of
corruption andbribery. This prohibition also applies to all third parties that work for, with or on behalf of Bertelsmann, as stipulated in the
Supplier Code of Conduct. Along with instructions for dealing with officials, and guidelines for the granting or accepting of gifts in the
context of business relations, the Anti-corruption and Integrity Guideline prescribes appropriate due diligence processes in dealing with
third parties. An appropriate due diligence review is carried out for each individual risk profile through a corresponding risk classification.
This Executive Board guideline also describes the channels for reporting suspected violations (especially with the help of an intemet-
based reporting system) and seeking advice, as well as other prevention and control measures. The Executive Board guideline fordealing
with allegedcompliance violations anchors an obligation to report suspected violations of the prohibition of corruption to the Bertelsmann
Corporate Center. The risk of corruption is addressed in the annual compliance report submitted to the Executive Board. Relevant

105


--- Page 51 ---

employees across the Group take part in the online course “Anticorruption & Integrity.” The I&C department, reporting to the Corporate
Compliance Committee (CCC: see the section on “Respect for Human Rights”), manages and develops corruption prevention measures
inthe Group. The mostimportant measures in 2020 include reviewing and voting on anew Code of Conductas well as designinga new
Code of Conducttraining program to be rolled outin 2021. The findings of the Bertelsmann Compliance Risk Analysis of 2020 show that
the risk of corruption is minimized to the greatest extent possible in view of the measures taken.

Fair Competition and Antitrust Law

Bertelsmannis committed to the principle of fair competition, and condemns antitrust violations and anticompetitive behavior. The goal is
to reduce the risk of antitrust violationsto a level at which they do not endangerthe company’s success. The Bertelsmann Executive Board
issued the “Group Guideline for Compliance with Antitrust Regulations” to anchor a reporting requirement for antitrust violations. With
regard to the supply chain, the Supplier Code Conduct obligates Bertelsmann’s business partners to observe the applicable antitrust and
competition law. Infringements of antitrust provisions can be reported by Bertelsmann employees and third parties by using the reporting
channelsof the existing compliance management system. The company acts against any contravention that becomes known, and consults
internal or external experts on antitrust and competition issues. The topic of competition and antitrust law is addressed in the annual
Compliance Report submitted to the Executive Board. The Corporate Legal Department provides an obligatory antitrust training program
to corporate divisions and the management and employees of these divisions who work in antitrust-related areas. This training program
moved to a virtual format in April 2020 due to the coronavirus pandemic. The findings of the Bertelsmann Compliance Risk Analysis of
2020 show thatthe risk of antitrust violations is minimized to the greatest extent possiblein view of the measures taken.

Environmental Matters

Bertelsmannaspires to become climate-neutral by 2030. By that time, the Group aimsto reduce the greenhouse gasemissions generated
at its sites, by the mobility of its employees and by the manufacture of its own products by 50 percent and thus 500,000 tons of CO,
compared to 2018. Remaining emissions will be offset by financing certified climate protection projects. The Group-wide climate protection
targetwas set by the Bertelsmann Executive Board in December 2019 and communicatedin February 2020.

The mostimportant measures for reaching the climate protection target include switching to certified green electricity, installing photovoltaic
systems, improving energy efficiency and designing new mobility programs. Furthermore, emissions from the print and digital products
supply chain are to be reduced in a joint effort with business partners. In 2020, the number of sites using green electricity increased by
11 sites compared with the previous year, to 81 sites. The number of sites using green electricity is to be increasedagain nextyear.

The climate protection target is aligned with Group-wide guidelines on environmental and climate protection as well as on energy and
paper procurement. The Group-wide environmental efforts include not only the company’s ownsites butalso relevant parts of the supply
chain — for example, paper suppliers, external printers and energy suppliers. Operational responsibility for energy and environmental
management, as well as for implementing measures, rests with the management of the individual companies. The international “be green”
working group with representatives from the Bertelsmann corporate divisions again provided a platform for cross-divisional exchange on
environmental topics in 2020. Cooperation in the current reporting year focusedon procuring electricity from renewable energy sources,
acquiring knowledge on methods for quantifying supply chain emissions, as well as continued development of the Group’s environmental
reporting.

As part of the annual environmental data survey conducted at the Group sites globally, key figures are collected regarding energy and

materials consumption as well as fuels and employee mobility, and greenhouse gas emissions are quantified. The Group-wide
environmental key figures are publishedin the second quarter on the Bertelsmann website at https:/www.bertelsmann.com/environmental.

106


--- Page 52 ---

Responsibility Statement

To the best of our knowledge, and in accordance with the applicable reporting principles, the annual financial
statements of the Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position
and profitor loss of the company, and the combined management report includes a fair review of the development
and performance of the business and the position of the Bertelsmann Group and Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA,
together with a description of the principal opportunities and risks associated with the expected developmentof the
Bertelsmann Group and Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA.

Gitersloh, March 17,2021

Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA

Representedby:

Bertelsmann Management SE, the personally liable partner
The Executive Board

(Thomas Rabe) (Markus Dohle)

(Rolf Hellermann) (Immanuel Hermreck)

107
