

--- Page 1 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

OVERALL ASSESSMENT FROM THE MANAGEMENT'S VIEW: OUR GROUP

020 was an exceptionally difficult year for the world. Despite the COVID-19 pandemic, how-

ever, we at ProSiebenSat.] laid important foundations for our future. We focused on pursuing

our strategy in all segments and making ProSiebenSat.] even more synergetic and cost-
efficient. At the same time, we are concentrating on profitable growth as well as the mid-term
improvement of our P7S1 ROCE (return on capital employed) to over 15%. We are also advancing
the restructuring of our Group with the launch of the umbrella brand Seven.One Entertainment
Group and the formation of our ParshipMeet Group. While the dating business is clearly helping
us to diversify, we are focusing on our core expertise in the entertainment industry. We bundle
our investment areas in the Commerce & Ventures segment, while using our media reach to build
up digital companies into leading consumer brands. Active, Group-wide portfolio management is
part of this, including value-creating acquisitions as well as the option of parting with companies

that no longer fit into our Group strategy.

ORGANIZATION AND
GROUP STRUCTURE

BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND SEGMENTS
Corporate Profile and Business Activities

ProSiebenSat.1 Group is one of the most diversified media
groups in Europe. With our 15 free and pay TV stations in Ger-
many, Austria, and Switzerland, we address various target
groups and reach over 60 million people a month in our core
market of Germany. We also have a wide-reaching and com-
plementary digital portfolio. Via the advertising-financed sta-
tion websites among others, we reach around 33 million unique
users a month in the German market.

Meanwhile, it is a long time since ProSiebenSat.1 was merely a
media company. We use our millions-strong reach and exper-
tise in the entertainment business, to establish leading brands
in other industries and to tap into digital revenue markets.

At the end of 2020, our business was based on four segments:
Seven.One Entertainment Group, our international program
production and sales subsidiary Red Arrow Studios, and a
large commerce portfolio under the umbrella of NuCom
Group. NuCom Group is active in the fields of consumer advice,
experiences, as well as beauty & lifestyle and is thus focused
on brands that especially benefit from video advertising. With
ParshipMeet Group we established another segment in 2020.
ParshipMeet Group is a leading global player in the dating

Group Management Report
Our Group: Basic Principles

market and underscores our position as a growth partner for
digital businesses.

ProSiebenSat.] has around 7,100 employees, who are driving the
diversification and digital transformation ofthe entire Group with
great commitment. ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE, headquartered
in Munich-Unterféhring, is a listed stock corporation.

Segments and Brand Portfolio

Seven.One Entertainment Group builds the base of our com-
pany. At the same time, in financial year 2020 ProSiebenSat.1
Group intensified the mutual exchange with ParshipMeet
Group, NuCom Group and Red Arrow Studios segments.
Strategy and Management System 4 Significant Events and Changes in
the Scope of Consolidation

Seven.One Entertainment Group. Seven.One Entertainment
Group includes our free TV stations and digital platforms as
well as their sales and distribution in Germany, Austria and
Switzerland. In Germany, the station family comprising SAT.1,
ProSieben, Kabel Eins, sixx, SAT.1 Gold, ProSieben MAXX, and
Kabel Eins Doku leads both the audience and the TV adver-
tising market. At the same time, the Group is boosting the
reach of its digital portfolio and is continuing to expand its
range of usage options — such as via the station websites or

75


--- Page 2 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

the streaming platform Joyn GmbH (“Joyn”). The aim is to
reach various audience groups and to supply people with
suitable video content regardless of time, location or device.
+ Strategy and Management System

The Group is also driving sales innovation. In this context,
ProSiebenSat.1 is investing in fields such as AdTech and data
in order to reach target groups more and more precisely. The
Group is continuously developing new forms of advertising and
designing campaigns that incorporate various platforms and
communication channels based on the leading medium, TV.
One example from 2020 is the hit show “The Masked Singer”.
Here, we implemented extensive 360-degree campaigns, from
the TV format to our digital offerings such as the ProSieben app
and to retail merchandising. 9 Research &Development 4 Opportunit

Report

ProSiebenSat.] benefits from this media mix in both the adver-
tising market and the audience market: Through a multimedia
approach, we offer our advertising customers a cross-media
marketing portfolio, ensure the relevance of TV content even
among young target groups, and boost viewer retention. With
its subsidiaries Seven.One Media GmbH (“Seven.One Media”)
and Seven.One AdFactory GmbH (“Seven.One AdFactory”),
the Group supports advertising customers and agencies from
finding ideas to conception and implementation.

ParshipMeet Group: In recent years, ProSiebenSat.] has estab-
lished Parship Group as a profitably growing platform opera-
tor in the online matchmaking sector, which alongside Parship
in the German-speaking countries and Benelux also operates
ElitePartner and is present in the US with eharmony. The Meet
Group has complemented this portfolio since September 2020,
providing synergy in terms of both content and geography.
The Meet Group owns US brands such as MeetMe and Tagged

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

and Lovoo in the German-speaking region. > Significant Events and
Changes in the Scope of Consolidation

The merger led to the creation of the ParshipMeet Group, a
leading international player that covers the whole spectrum of
dating, including social dating via video, social entertainment,
and online matchmaking on the basis of scientific processes.
This broad positioning distinguishes ParshipMeet Group from
its competitors. At the same time, the revenue model is very
diversified and comprises both long- and short-term subscrip-
tion models as well as additional monetization options such as
in-app purchases and advertising.

NuCom Group: In partnership with General Atlantic PD GmbH
(“General Atlantic”), ProSiebenSat.1 Group bundles its com-
merce business in NCG - NUCOM GROUP SE (“NuCom Group”).
NuCom Group's portfolio predominantly comprises digital com-
merce platforms that benefit from TV advertising and is divided
into three parts: Consumer advice (e.g. Verivox), experiences
(Jochen Schweizer mydays Group) and beauty & lifestyle (e.g.
Flaconi). NuCom Group makes an important contribution to
the expansion of digital revenue sources, benefits from the
synergies with the entertainment business and simultaneously
increases the Group's independence from the TV advertising
market. The Group thus acts as a growth investor for young
digital companies.

Red Arrow Studios: ProSiebenSat.1's international program pro-
duction and distribution business is pooled under the umbrella
brand Red Arrow Studios GmbH (“Red Arrow Studios”). This
consists of international production companies, including the
German Redseven Entertainment GmbH (“Redseven Enter-
tainment”), the global film and TV distribution companies Red
Arrow Studios International and Gravitas Ventures, and the digi-
tal studio Studio71. With Redseven Entertainment and Studio71,

PROSIEBENSAT.1 GROUP SEGMENTS IN FINANCIAL YEAR 2020

Gl Ba

ee

PARSHIPMEET GROUP

NUCOM GROUP

SEVEN.ONE RED ARROW STUDIOS
ENTERTAINMENT
GROUP
Seven.One Red Arrow Studios

Entertainment Group
comprises our free

TV stations, the digital
platforms and their
sales and distribution.

combines the inter-
national program pro-
duction and distribution
business with the local
production business
and our digital studio.

Our commerce
companies are bundled
within NuCom Group.
The portfolio concen-
trates on the three areas
of consumer advice,
experiences and beauty
& lifestyle.

ParshipMeet Group
unites all the brands of
our dating segment. From
online matchmaking to
social entertainment,
the pillar covers all areas
of dating.

Group Management Report
Our Group: Basic Principles

76


--- Page 3 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

Red Arrow is also increasingly focussing on the German pro-
duction business and is thus intensifying the mutual exchange
with the entertainment business. » Strategy and Management System

Red Arrow Studios’ programming ranges from entertain-
ment, reality and factual formats to TV series, TV movies and
digital content, thus covering all major genres. Formats such
as “The Taste”, “Married at First Sight” and “Germany's next
Topmodel” are produced in Germany by Redseven Enter-
tainment and make a key contribution to the ProSiebenSat.1
station family’s brand profiling.

Ci} From January 1, 2021 onwards, ProSiebenSat.1 Group’s
three reporting segments are Entertainment, Dating and
Commerce & Ventures, continuing the consistent structuring
of the Group according to synergies and value creation. In this
context, Red Arrow Studios’ production and distribution busi-
ness, as wellas the digital studio Studio71, is integrated into the

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

Entertainment segment (formerly: Seven.One Entertainment
Group). ProSiebenSat.1 thus recognizes the strategic affinity
of the two businesses, as Red Arrow Studios is focusing in par-
ticular on producing more content for the Group’s entertain-
ment platforms. Since the core competencies and the com-
plete value chain of the entertainment business are therefore
represented in the Entertainment segment, less enter-
tainment-related business models such as the investment
arm SevenVentures are now reported in the new Commerce &
Ventures segment. The companies of NuCom Group are also
contained in this newly formed segment. In this way, the
Group’s minority and majority investment areas, which
ProSiebenSat.1 establishes with media services and sup-
port and which thus contribute to the Group’s growth strat-
egy, are bundled here. At the same time, synergies between
the two segments and the resulting value creation can be
highlighted. The Dating segment (formerly: ParshipMeet
Group) is unchanged compared to the end of 2020.

RESEGMENTATION OF PROSIEBENSAT.1 GROUP AS OF JANUARY 1, 2021

W

seven.one
ENTERTAINMENT
GROUP

ParshipMeet
arshipMeet |

Ge

Red Arrow Studios NUGOM GROUP

Bo
eq
38
c-
=
=—™M
a
Bo
SE
ou
& 8
Po
na

SevenVentures Production
Marktguru Global sales
Wetter.com Studio71
r
ENTERTAINMENT COMMERCE & VENTURES DATING

-
°
1)
e N Se Oo
cn even.One 5
ce Entertainment Group NuCom Group ParshipMeet Group
eN
a-
o> + +

2
gs

s Production SevenVentures
De
8 8 Global sales — Li» Marktguru

Studio71 Wetter.com
Group Management Report 77

Our Group: Basic Principles


--- Page 4 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

CORPORATE STRUCTURE
AND INVESTMENTS

The economic development of ProSiebenSat.] Group is deter-
mined primarily by the subsidiaries, held both directly and indi-
rectly. ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE is the ultimate parent company
of the Group. In this function, its tasks include central financ-
ing, Group risk management and the ongoing development
of the corporate strategy. These Consolidated Financial State-
ments include ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE and all significant
subsidiaries — meaning entities in which ProSiebenSat.]1 Media SE
directly or indirectly holds a majority of voting rights, or whose
relevant activities it is otherwise able to control. % Notes, note 4
“Scope of consolidation”

The Group has an integrated portfolio that is also reflected in the
investment structure. For example, ProSiebenSat.1] Media SE
holds 100.0 % of the shares in Seven.One Entertainment Group
(formerly: ProSiebenSat.1 TV Deutschland GmbH). The free TV
stations of ProSiebenSat.1 Group and the pay TV channels
(“Seven.One Pay TV”) and digital offerings (e.g. Joyn) work
under its umbrella. ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE also indi-
rectly holds a 100.0% stake in the sales companies Seven.
One Media and Seven.One AdFactory. This results in
advantages with regard to the stations’ programming
and the sales of advertising time. The global film and TV
distribution companies and the international television
production companies both belong to Red Arrow Studios
as a wholly owned subsidiary of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE.
% Business ActivitiesandSegments 9 Strategyand Objectives Significant

Events and Changes in the Scope of Consolidation

Ci} A detailed overview of the shareholding structure in
ProSiebenSat.1 Group can be found in > Notes, note 40 “List of
subsidiaries and associated companies of ProSiebenSat.1 Group pursuant

to section 313 (2) of the German Commercial Code (HGB)",

Ci) The management declaration in accordance with sections
289f, 315d HGB is published in the Annual Report and on the
Company’s website.

Group Management Report
Our Group: Basic Principles

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

78


--- Page 5 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

STRATEGY AND MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

STRATEGY AND OBJECTIVES

Digitalization has as rapidly transformed the media sector: Tele-
vision content can be accessed regardless of time, location
or device, which means media use and media consumption
are also becoming increasingly digital. At the same time, TV
sales is benefiting from technologies such as “Hybrid Broad-
cast Broadband TV” (HbbTV), which make it possible to broad-
cast TV advertising to internet-connected devices in real time
and address target groups precisely. Furthermore, the digital
transformation is also accelerating in many consumer markets
in which ProSiebenSat.] Group operates and is pushing the use
of online offerings forward. In 2020, this trend was amplified
not least by the COVID-19 pandemic. This also applies to the use
of online videos in non-entertainment sectors, such as online
dating, which is growing in importance as a result of increas-
ing digitalization and opening additional networking potential
to us. 9 Organization and Group Structure

For ProSiebenSat.1 Group, various opportunities are arising from
changing market environments. We use these consistently in
all business areas in order to grow sustainably and to exploit
our high potential for synergy. With the launch of the umbrella
brand Seven.One Entertainment Group and the formation of
our ParshipMeet Group, we are driving the restructuring of the
Group forward. While the dating business clearly supports us
in diversification, we are focusing on our core competencies in
the entertainment business: We are driving local content and
digital innovations, expanding our reach and monetize it more.
In the Commerce & Ventures area, we combine our investment
areas and at the same time build digital companies into leading
consumer brands through our media reach. This Group-wide
active portfolio management, which includes value-creating
acquisitions as well as the option of the disposal of companies
that no longer contribute to our Group strategy. Overall, we are
focusing on achieving even greater synergies within the Group.
In doing so, the Group aims to achieve profitable growth witha
clear focus on earnings in all three segments and the mid-term
aim is to improve our P7S1 ROCE (return on capital employed)
target to over 15%. # Company Outlook

In order to accelerate our Company's profitability, diversification
and synergies, ProSiebenSat.1 has been set up into the three
segments Entertainment, Dating and Commerce & Ventures
since January 2021.

With the Seven.One Entertainment Group, the Entertainment
segment focuses on the core markets of Germany, Austria
and Switzerland. The platform-independent Entertainment
segment unites the Group's station brands with the content,
distribution and sales business. This allows us to focus even
more strongly on the production of local, relevant and live con-
tent as well as its digital distribution and monetization. For
the production of our content, the production business of Red
Arrow Studios and Studio71 is particularly important; both areas
are now also integrated into this segment. At the same time, the
digital expansion of our TV content plays a significant strategic

Group Management Report
Our Group: Basic Principles

role. Supported by the megatrend of advertising-financed vid-
e0-on-demand, additional distribution channels offer greater
total reach for our offerings and thus additional opportunities
for monetization. By that, we create a profitable entertainment
business and the foundation for growth in our other business
areas. In this way, we are promoting our diversification with
our own power, in particular. This means that we are using the
strength of our entertainment business and our high adver-
tising reach to establish and build on consumer-oriented digi-
tal platforms and to develop this portfolio in an active and val-
ue-creating manner with acquisitions and disposals. > Business
Activities and Segments Opportunity Report

This is also how ParshipMeet Group was created, which forms
the Dating segment. The establishment of a predominantly
German-speaking portfolio around the online matchmaking
business and the increase in brand awareness through the use
of TV advertising were followed by value-enhancing acquisi-
tions with a focus on the US. By that, we created a leading
global player in the dating segment, whose offerings range
from online matchmaking and dating to social entertainment.
ParshipMeet Group operates in an attractive market environ-
ment, has diversified revenues from subscription models and
advertising and addresses a broad target group over a large
geographical area. In addition, ProSiebenSat.1 not only expects
potential synergy within ParshipMeet Group but is also working
on mutual exchange with the entertainment business, partic-
ularly driven by the trend toward video offerings in the dating
business. Accordingly, the segment will provide significant sup-
port for the Group's future growth. ProSiebenSat.] will therefore
continue to hold a majority stake in the company in the partial
IPO of the ParshipMeet Group planned for 2022.

In our third segment, Commerce & Ventures, we bundle
ProSiebenSat.1 Group’s growing businesses, which we are build-
ing up and promoting with media services. In the beginning
of our value chain stands our investment arm SevenVentures,
to which ProSiebenSat.1 Accelerator also belongs. Through
this, we use our TV reach to help young companies to increase
their brand awareness in the shortest possible time through
media-for-revenue or media-for-equity deals. In addition to
the resulting minority investments, we also develop majority
investments in NuCom Group into leading digital companies in
consumer-oriented markets. Our maxim is as follows: as soon
as acompany has completed the first phases of growth and is
facing the next stages of development, we examine whether
ProSiebenSat.1is still the best owner. If a business no longer has
astrong affinity with TV advertising or growth prospects can be
better implemented with a different owner, we can sell these
well-developed commerce brands to a more suitable owner.
In the interests of a focused Group structure, ProSiebenSat.1
concentrates on investments that synergize strongly with the
entertainment business. In this strategy, it is crucial that every
part of the Group contributes to increasing the value of the
entire Group and that the businesses complement each other.


--- Page 6 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

PLANNING AND MANAGEMENT

ProSiebenSat.] Group's management system based on key
figures forms the basis for all of the Company's economic and
strategic decisions. Company-specific performance indicators
are derived from the Group's strategy and cover both financial
and non-financial aspects. They are planned and managed cen-
trally by the Executive Board of ProSiebenSat.] Media SE. The
planning and management process is complemented by the
monitoring of key figures on the basis of regularly updated data.
This also includes the assessment of developments as part of
opportunity and risk management. Risk and Opportunity Report

Intragroup Management System

The performance indicators specific to ProSiebenSat.] Group
are aligned to the interests of the capital providers and cover
financial planning as well as aspects of comprehensive reve-
nue and earnings management.

OVERVIEW OF MOST IMPORTANT PERFORMANCE
INDICATORS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2020

MOST IMPORTANT NON-FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

Seven.One Entertainment Group segment
— audience shares

MOST IMPORTANT FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
Group

— revenues

— adjusted EBITDA

— adjusted net income

— P7S1 ROCE

— leverage ratio

— free cash flow before M&A

Segments
— external revenues
— adjusted EBITDA

Most important non-financial performance indicators: The
development of audience shares is an important criterion in
programming and media planning in the advertising-financed
TV business. In addition, this data is used as a benchmark for
the calculation of advertising time prices: They indicate the
number of potential customers a broadcast is able to reach. In
this context, audience market shares in access and prime time
are increasingly coming into focus, as prime time from 8:15 p.m.
to 11 p.m. in particular represents the main advertising period.
+ Development of ProSiebenSat.1 Group's Relevant Market Environments

Group Management Report
Our Group: Basic Principles

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

In Germany, TV usage data is collected by GfK Fernsehforschung
on behalf of AGF Videoforschung GmbH (“AGF”). ProSiebenSat.1
Group analyses viewer ratings that have been empirically col-
lected by the institutions on a daily basis. In addition to this data
on linear TV consumption, we also analyze digital reach figures
and KPIs relating to our databased business models. One exam-
ple of this is the measured data from HbbTV. % Opportunity Report

Most important financial performance indicators: Revenues,
adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income and P7S1 ROCE (return
on capital employed) are the central key figures used to man-
age profitability. A primary objective is to increase the above
earnings figures through continuous revenue growth in all seg-
ments. The business units operate mainly as profit centers.
This means that they act with full responsibility for revenues
and earnings. At the same time, flexibility is an important ele-
ment for our success, as ProSiebenSat.1 Group operates in a
very dynamic industry environment. The organizational entities
- within a centrally adopted framework - therefore make their
operating decisions independently and based on the compet-
itive environment 3 Organization and Group Structure

The earnings figure adjusted EBITDA stands for adjusted earn-
ings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. Rec-
onciling items, such as M&A-related expenses, reorganizations
and legal claims, are not taken into account so that this figure
provides the Executive Board as the chief operating decision
maker with the appropriate performance measure to assess the
operating profitability of the Group and the segments. Adjusted
net income is the adjusted net income attributable to share-
holders of ProSiebenSat.] Media SE; it provides a suitable indica-
tor for calculating the dividend. In addition to the adjustments
from adjusted EBITDA, effects of purchase price allocations
and other reconciling items in particular are adjusted in the
calculation.

Reconciling items can influence or even overshadow operating
performance and can make a multi-year comparison difficult.
Therefore, adjusted earnings figures constitute suitable mea-
sures of performance for assessing the sustainable development
of the profitability of the Group and its segments. However,
the analysis of unadjusted key earnings’ figures provides a
holistic view of the expense and income structure. At Group
level —- in addition to revenues, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net
income and P7S1 ROCE as the most important financial per-
formance indicators — EBITDA is also relevant in this context
asa less significant financial performance indicator on Group.
level. As the effects of taxes and depreciation and amortization
and the financing structure are not taken into account, EBITDA
also enables an easier international comparison, especially with
competitors.

80


--- Page 7 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

Another of the most important financial performance indica-
tors used to manage profitability is P7S1 ROCE: The mid-term
aim is to generate a return on capital employed, i.e. P7S1 ROCE,
of at least 15%. Expansion and new investments will therefore
have to be amortized within three years and generate a return
of at least 18%. Strategic projects are usually expected to be
amortized within five years. From now on, the Group is there-
fore managing investments even more consistently and eval-
uating each project in the various segments according to the
same target parameters.

ProSiebenSat.] Group is investing in markets with long-term
growth opportunities and examining options to expand its
portfolio. Part of the investment strategy is the acquisition of
companies that complement our value chain synergistically.
A capital-efficient leverage ratio is a key performance indica-
tor for the Group's financial planning. The leverage ratio indi-
cates the level of net financial debt in relation to LTM adjusted
EBITDA ~ i.e. the adjusted EBITDA that ProSiebenSat.1 Group has
generated in the last twelve months (LTM = last twelve months).
The target is a factor of between 1.5 and 2.5 at the end of the
relevant year; the target range may be exceeded for a short
period of time as a result of fluctuations during the year if, for
example, important strategic investments are required. Free
cash flow before M&A is also one of the most important finan-
cial performance indicators in this context. To calculate this
key figure, free cash flow is adjusted for cash used and gen-
erated by M&A transactions related to majority acquisitions
(excl. transaction costs) that are carried out and planned, the
purchase and sale of investments accounted for using the
equity method and other investments with the exception of
media-for-equity investments. % Compensation Report Analysis
of Liquidity and Capital Expenditure 4 Financing Analysis

Financial and non-financial performance indicators are the
foundation for corporate management. It is therefore logical
to use them as a basis for determining target-oriented vari-
able compensation. The performance bonus is relevant for
employees at senior management levels as well as selected
sales functions. It is based on the company’s success and on
the most important financial performance indicators revenues,
adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow before M&A (holding company)
and the financial indicator adjusted operating free cash flow
(segments).

Adjusted net income, EBITDA, free cash flow before M&A and
relative total shareholder return served as a variable basis for
determining the Executive Board’s compensation in financial
year 2020. 4 Compensation Report

Group Management Report
Our Group: Basic Principles

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

OVERVIEW OF MOST IMPORTANT PERFORMANCE
INDICATORS AS OF JANUARY 1, 2021

MOST IMPORTANT NON-FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS.
Entertainment segment

— audience shares

MOST IMPORTANT FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
Group

— revenues

— adjusted EBITDA

— adjusted net income

— P7S1 ROCE

— leverage ratio

— adjusted operating free cash flow

To further focus on the segments’ operating cash flow man-
agement, the Group will introduce “adjusted operating
free cash flow” as a most important financial performance
indicator from financial year 2021 instead of the previous seg-
ment management. This is defined as operating free cash
flow before interest and taxes and is calculated as adjusted
EBITDA less investments (programming and other investments)
and changes in net working capital. Since 2021, adjusted oper-
ating free cash flow (adjusted OFCF) has replaced free cash
flow before M&A as the Group's relevant cash flow perfor-
mance indicator. For the reconciling items to be adjusted,
we kindly refer to the > Definition of selected non-IFRS measures
+ Company Outlook

DEFINITION OF SELECTED NON-IFRS FIGURES

ADJUSTED EBITDA

Adjusted EBITDA stands for adjusted earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. It
describes the operating result (earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization), adjusted for cer-
tain influencing factors (reconciling items). These recon-
ciling items include:

— M&A-related expenses include consulting expenses
and other expenses for ongoing, closed or canceled
M&A transactions as well as integration costs incurred

— Reorganization expenses include material and person-
nel expenses for reorganizations and restructurings.
They comprise expenses such as severance payments,
leave compensation, consulting costs, legal consul-
tancy fees and impairments.

81


--- Page 8 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

— Expenses for legal claims include charges, fines, pen-
alties and consulting costs in connection with si:
cant closed, ongoing or expected legal claims.

— Fair value adjustments of share based payments
include the portion of the changes in the fair value of
cash-settled share-based payment plans that affects
profit or loss.

— Results from changes in scope of consolidation include
income and expenses in the context of mergers,
demergers, acquisitions or disposals of Group entities.

— Results from other material one-time items include
transactions not connected to current operating per-
formance. In this context, ProSiebenSat.1 Group con-
siders transactions of at least EUR 0.5 million to be sig-
nificant.

— Valuation effects relating to strategic realignments of
business units comprise expenses incurred in the con-
text of changes in the underlying business objective or
strategy of the unit in question.

ADJUSTED NET INCOME

Adjusted net income is the net income attributable to
shareholders of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE, adjusted for
reconciling items shown under adjusted EBITDA, as
outlined above, and adjusted for additional reconciling
items. These additional reconciling items include:

ion, amortization and impairments from pur-
chase price allocations.

— Valuation effects included in other financial result,
impairments and valuation effects of investments, enti-
ties accounted for using the equity method and other
financial assets recognized in other financial result.
The Group can also acquire control over investees pre-
viously accounted for using the equity method through
multi-stage company acquisitions. Effects from the val-
uation of such original shares at fair value upon initial
consolidation also fall under this category.

— Valuation effects of put-options and earn-out liabi
ties include valuation, currency and interest effects of
put-options and earn-out liabili

— Valuation effects from hedging transactions include
ineffectiveness and de-designation effects of cash flow
hedges recognized in other comprehensive income and
effects from hedging transactions for which there is
no hedge accounting as defined by IAS 39.

— Results from other material one-time items include
transactions not connected to current operating per-
formance. In this context, ProSiebenSat.1 Group con-
siders transactions of at least EUR 0.5 million to be sig-
nificant.

ies.

Moreover, the tax effects resulting from such adjust-
ments and effects on the net result attributable to
non-controlling interests are also adjusted.

Group Management Report
Our Group: Basic Principles

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

REPORTING AND USE OF NON-IFRS FIGURES
information determined in
accordance with IFRS, this Annual Report also includes
non-IFRS figures. The reconciliation of these non-IFRS
figures with the corresponding IFRS figures is shown in
the > Group earnings,

For its financial, strategic and operating decisions,
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE uses primarily non-IFRS figures
as the basi: n-making. These also provide inves-
tors with additional information which also allow a multi-
year performance comparison, as they are adjusted for
specific factors. These figures are not determined on the
basis of IFRS and may therefore differ from other enti-
ties’ non-IFRS figures. Therefore, they do not replace the
IFRS figures and are not more important than the IFRS
figures, but they do provide supplementary informa‘
We are convinced that the non-IFRS figures are of partic-
ular interest to our investors for the following reasons:

— Reconciling items can influence or even overshadow
operating performance; figures adjusted for such
items therefore offer supplementary information for
the assessment of the Company’s operating perfor-
mance. Adjusted figures thus are more relevant for
managing the Company.

— Moreover, adjusted net income is an important factor
at ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE for the calculation of the
dividend payment, as we want to give the sharehold-
ers a share in the Company's operating profitability.

— The Group has implemented a holistic management
system. Non-IFRS figures are calculated consistently
for the past and the future; they form an important
foundation for internal controlling and the manage-
ment’s decision-making processes.

Operational and Strategic Planning

Management and planning are closely intertwined at
ProSiebenSat.] Group. Target figures are defined and deter-
mined for various periods within the context of planning, with
a focus on the performance indicators outlined above. The dif-
ferent levels in the planning process build on each other and are
closely linked to our risk management. The Supervisory Board is
also regularly informed by the Executive Board about all issues
relevant to the Company's strategy, planning, business perfor-
mance, risk situation, risk management, and compliance, both
at the Supervisory Board meetings and outside of meetings.

Corporate planning: Corporate planning comprises operating
planning (budget) and long-term corporate planning (multi-
year planning) and constitutes a detailed quantitative depiction
of strategic planning. It is on a monthly basis for the first year
and an annual basis for a further four years. The strategically

82


--- Page 9 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders 9 Group Management Report + Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

BUDGET PLANNING AND RISK MANAGEMENT AT PROSIEBENSAT.1 GROUP

Supervisory Board and Executive Board

i T

Budget planning Risk management

—~ —>—~

Monitoring Planning 1. Identification 2. Assessment
Strategy
/ Vv

Targets

Internal Audit
monitors
processes and
checks efficiency

Management 3. Management

Business Development

derived targets for the first planning year are specified for the
most important financial and non-financial performance indi-
cators in a top-down/bottom-up process and carried forward to
the multi-year planning. The financial figures from the income
statement, statement of financial position and cash flow state-
ment of individual subsidiaries are analyzed and aggregated at
segment and Group level.

Monthly reporting and trend projections: Trend projections
are an important tool in planning during the year. They allow
the Company's expected performance for the year to be cal-
culated on the basis of the targets achieved to date and to
be compared with the target figures that were originally bud-
geted. The aim is to identify potential discrepancies between
the target and actual figures immediately and to implement
the necessary countermeasures promptly. In 2020, the Exec-
utive Board and the Supervisory Board also discussed short-
term and long-term targets. In addition to monthly reporting,
potential risks are reported to the Group Risk Officer on a quar-
terly basis. In particular, any changes to the early warning risk
indicators during the year and over time are analyzed here. For
example, the development of audience shares is an important
early warning indicator. Additional opportunities and there-
fore potential positive deviations from projected targets are
analyzed in parallel with risk management; they are taken into
account in budget planning if their probability of occurrence
is more than 50%.

Group Management Report
Our Group: Basic Principles

83


--- Page 10 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders 9 Group Management Report 9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

OVERALL ASSESSMENT FROM THE MANAGEMENT’S VIEW:
IMPACT OF GENERAL CONDITIONS ON BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

e are pleased that we were able to bring a conciliatory ending to 2020, which was a

difficult year for everyone due to COVID-19 and we are very satisfied with our results in

the important fourth quarter. All segments were performing positively again at the end
of the year. As an early cycle company, we benefited from the economic recovery, especially fol-
lowing the difficult second quarter, and have also observed a clear upward trend in the advertising
market. It has also shown that our program investments have paid off: In a competitive environ-
ment we convinced with highly attractive entertainment and infotainment formats and thus also
strengthened our position in the TV advertising market. At the same time, our consistent cost and
cash management is taking effect. Our adjusted EBITDA has been growing again since the third
quarter, and our net financial debt decreased at the end of the year.

GROUP ENVIRONMENT

DEVELOPMENT OF ECONOMY AND
ADVERTISING MARKET

The year 2020 was decisively shaped by the global outbreak of
the coronavirus. The pandemic posed and continues to pose
huge challenges not only for healthcare systems and societies
but also the entire global economy. The latter, as estimated by
the International Monetary Fund, will contract by 3.5% in real
terms in 2020 as a result of the restrictions to public life and
retail. A decline of as much as 7.2% is expected in the eurozone.
The United States, one of the largest economies in the world,
is also expected to see a decline of 3.4% in 2020.

According to the latest forecasts by the Federal Statistical Office
(Destatis), the decline in real gross domestic product in Ger-
many was 5 percent. In Germany, the first cases of infection with
the new coronavirus emerged at the end of January 2020. From
mid-March to early May, the rapid rise in case numbers led to
a phase of nationwide lockdown measures with considerable
restrictions to public and private life. To cope with the impact
of COVID-19, the German government adopted an extensive
stimulus package, which included a temporary reduction of
the value-added tax (VAT) rate and interim assistance for small
and medium-sized enterprises. In addition, far-reaching short-
time work arrangements were put in place.

Against the background of these political measures, the first
phase of the COVID-19 pandemic was comparatively mild in
Germany, as well as in Austria and Switzerland, and thus in
ProSiebenSat.] Group's core markets. Nevertheless, the impact
was profound: Germany's gross domestic product fell by 2.0%

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

year-on-year in the first quarter of 2020, and even by 9.7% in
the second quarter. This is due firstly to the dependence on the
performance of the global economy, which has likewise been
heavily impacted by COVID-19. Secondly, the extensive restric-
tions hit private consumption, which has been a key pillar of
the German economy in previous years (Q1: -2.3%, Q2: -11.1%,
both vs. previous quarter).

With the end of the rigid lockdown regulations and stable or
falling case numbers in Germany, the surrounding countries as
well as in China, there was a rapid and unexpectedly significant
recovery in economic activity in Germany in the third quarter of
2020. Compared to the second quarter, gross domestic product
increased by 8.5% in real terms. Strong catch-up effects were
particularly apparent in private consumption (+10.8%), com-
panies’ equipment investments (+16.0%) and exports (+ 18.1%).

At the beginning of autumn, the recovery of the German econ-
omy initially seemed to continue at a more moderate pace.
In September and October, incoming orders, industrial pro-
duction and exports continued to trend upward, while the ifo
Business Climate Index stabilized above 90 points. Thanks to
higher e-commerce revenues from January to November, Ger-
man retail actually saw real growth of 4.2% compared to the
same period of the previous year. As temperatures fell, however,
a second wave of COVID-19 with a sharp rise in infection rates
spread throughout Europe. From December 16, the -German
government therefore imposed another strict lockdown. How-
ever, contrary to initial fears, the renewed COVID-19 protections
measures in the fourth quarter had a much smaller impact
than in spring. Exports of goods and less affected sectors

84


--- Page 11 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

of the economy, such as construction, continued to recover.
Compared to the previous quarter, gross domestic product is
likely to have stagnated in the final quarter. » Future Business and
Industry Environment

DEVELOPMENT OF GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT IN
GERMANY in %, change vs. previous quarter

0.1 8.5 -9.7 -2.0 0.0
I I I i i
10
: I
°
5
-10
Q42020e Q3 2020 Q22020 Q12020 Q4 2019

Adjusted for price, seasonal and calendar effects
Source: Destatis, ifo Economic Forecast Winter 2020, December 16, 2020
/@: estimate.

Economic uncertainty and restrictions in public and social life
as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic also shaped advertising
customers’ investment behavior, especially in the second quar-
ter of 2020. As restrictions were eased in line with a decline
in infection rates, the economy picked up again in the sum-
mer, with investment prospensity also improving. This is also
demonstrated by figures for the German TV and online adver-
tising market.

According to Nielsen Media Research, investments in TV adver-
tising investment declined by 1.8% to EUR 16.01 billion in 2020
(previous year: EUR 16.31 billion); the effects of the COVID-19
pandemic were particularly noticeable in the second quar-
ter (—18.1%). In response to the unexpectedly strong economic
recovery in the third quarter, gross TV advertising investment
rose by 6.7% in the final quarter to EUR 5.87 billion (previous
year: EUR 5.50 billion). ProSiebenSat.] Group is the market leader
in the German TV advertising market and generated, according

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

to Nielsen Media Research, gross TV advertising revenues of
EUR 6.09 billion in 2020 (previous year: EUR 6.36 billion). This
resulted in a market share of 38.0% (previous year: 39.0%). The
Group's TV advertising revenues in the key fourth quarter were
again higher than in the previous year at EUR 2.32 billion (pre-
vious year: EUR 2.17 billion).

By selling in-stream video ads, which are shown online before,
after or during a video stream, ProSiebenSat.1 Group gener-
ated gross revenues of EUR 262.6 million in the full-year (previ-
ous year: EUR 308.8 million). This corresponds to year-on-year
decline of 14.9%. The market volume for advertising budgets for
in-stream video ads in Germany fell by 4.1% to EUR 717.4 million
gross (previous year: EUR 748.2 million).

On a net revenue basis, the German Advertising Federation
(“Zentralverband der deutschen Werbewirtschaft — ZAW”)
reported declines in revenues of between 30% and 80% -
depending on the advertising medium and segment — for
March 2020. In April, advertising across all media declined by
at least 40% net compared to the equivalent month in the pre-
vious year. Forecasts for 2020 as a whole published by media
agencies Magna Global and ZenithOptimedia in June and July
expected total net adverting spending to decline by 10.5% and
12.3%, respectively. Investments in TV advertising were expected
to fall by 15.5% and 10.0%, respectively. These estimates were
revised upwards significantly following the market upturn in
the summer: In its December forecast, Magna Global antici-
pated a loss of 4.6% in the market overall and 11.0% in the TV
market. ZenithOptimedia expected a downturn of 3.1% and 9.0%
respectively.

ProSiebenSat.] Group confirms this trend: On a net basis, the
TV advertising market developed below the previous year's
level in 2020. From ProSiebenSat.1 Group’s perspective, how-
ever, the TV advertising market benefited in net terms from
the economic recovery in the summer, and starting in the third
quarter enjoyed an upwards trend in comparison to the previ-
ous quarter. The TV advertising market fared particularly badly
in the period from April to June 2020. The picture for the online
advertising market was similar. 9 Comparison of Actual and Projected
Business Performance for the Group

TV ADVERTISING MARKETS IN GERMANY, AUSTRIA AND SWITZERLAND ON A GROSS BASIS in %

Development of the TV advertising market in Q4 2020
(Change against previous year)

Development of the TV advertising market in 2020
(Change against previous year)

Germany +67 -18
Austria +24 -43
Switzerland -ms -133

Market shares Market shares Market shares Market shares
ProSiebenSat.l Group Q4 2020 ProSiebenSat.1 Group Q4 2019 ProSiebenSat. Group 2020 ProSiebenSat.1 Group 2019
Germany 395 395 38.0 390
Austria 413 442 424 448
Switzerland 25.2 27 268 276
Germany: January-December, gross, Nielsen Media.
Austria: January-December, gross, Media Focus.
Switzerland: January~December, the advertising market shares relate to the German-speaking part of Switzerland, gross, Media Focus.
Group Management Report 85

Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020


--- Page 12 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

Video advertising on TV inspires a greater emotional attach-
ment to a brand than any other medium. This is important for
brand loyalty and ultimately for product sales. In addition, TV
advertising is particularly effective thanks to its high reach. Sup-
porting research also shows that cross-media advertising cam-
paigns have more of an impact overall and that online advertis-
ing in combination with TV campaigns is particularly effective.

The effectiveness of TV advertising is quantified using the “ROI
Analyzer” (Return on Investment). Using a modeling approach,
data from the GfK Consumer Panel are merged with TV usage
data from AGF in order to measure the short- and long-term
sales impact of TV advertising. In the case of FMCGs (fast mov-
ing consumer goods), the figure shows that the sale of adver-
tised brands increases significantly. The average short-term ROI
after one year for the 71 analyzed campaigns was EUR 1.13 and
was as high as EUR 2.57 after five years. This means that every
euro invested in TV advertising returns an average of EUR 1.13
in the short term and EUR 2.57 over the long term. The ROI
Analyzer was developed by Seven.One Media and has been
managed under the aegis of the TV and video initiative Screen-
force since the start of 2015.

DEVELOPMENT OF PROSIEBENSAT.1
GROUP’S RELEVANT MARKET
ENVIRONMENTS

Entertainment

Media usage in Germany is shaped by two fundamental devel-
opments. Firstly, the variety of entertainment products, end
devices and ways to consume media is growing as a result of
digitalization, which also brings with it increasing fragmen-
tation. Secondly, this diversity is driving up media consump-
tion: people are spending more and more time with media.
TV has the greatest reach and is consumed for the longest
stretches of time. In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic also had a
major impact on media usage, resulting in a new record high.
According to AGF, daily TV usage among 14- to 69-year-old view-
ers increased to 211 minutes in the reporting period 2020 (pre-
vious year: 202 minutes).

Ci) Daily TV usage time in Germany is measured and reported
on behalf of AGF. In order to provide the market with general
data about the usage of video content, corresponding mea-
suring instruments are continuously developed to also record
the detailed use of video content on PCs, laptops, tablets, and
smartphones. The project is designed to model these video
offerings regardless of whether they come from a TV station
or a purely online provider. This therefore includes the use
of media libraries, offerings from Internet TV stations, and
video content on traditional websites.

ProSiebenSat.1 drives digital development in the entertain-
ment sector with the goal of providing content across all plat-
forms and - as well as traditional, linear television viewing —
taking advantage of all opportunities to reach viewers digitally.
This reach reflects total video view’ time as the total number
of minutes viewed across the Group’s linear and non-linear

1 Excl. HbTV.

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

platforms. In 2020, the Group counted total video view time of
1,083,629 million minutes for its linear and non-linear media ser-
vices (previous year: 1,075,542 million minutes), a 0.8% increase.

The audience share of free TV stations in individual markets
developed as follows: In Germany, the ProSiebenSat.] station
family achieved a combined market share of 27.2% among
viewers aged between 14 and 49 years in 2020 (previous year:
28.2%). The stations marketed by IP Deutschland (RTL, VOX, n-tv,
Super RTL, NITRO, RTLplus and VOXup) had a combined audi-
ence share of 25.3% (previous year: 25.7%). The development of
audience shares reflects the impact of the Germany-wide lock-
down in the spring and at the end of 2020 and the increased
provision of information that this entailed, especially on the
public stations.

AUDIENCE SHARES OF
PROSIEBENSAT.1 STATIONS IN GERMANY in %

Target group 14-49 years 242020 42019 2020 2019
ProSiebenSat.1 Group 26.4 279 272 28.2
SAT 77 79 77 78
ProSieben 91 93 91 96
Kabel Eins 44 50 50 52
sixx u 15 13 14
SAT. Gold 14 16 1s 16
ProSieben MAXX 7 WwW 16 Ww
Kabel Eins Doku 10 09 10 09
Relevant target groups’ 242020 42019 2020 2019
SAT 7 76 73 76
ProSieben m4 118 7 126
Kabel Eins 44 50 50 52
sixx 14 21 W7 18
SAT. Gold 28 30 29 30
ProSieben MAXX 31 33 27 28
Kabel Eins Doku 10 10 10 09

1 Relevant target groups: SAT1: adults aged 14-59/ProSieben: adults aged 14-39/
kabel Eins: adults aged 14-49/sixx: women aged 14-39/SAT.1 GOLD: women
aged 40-64/ProSieben MAXX: men aged 14-39/Kabel Eins Doku: men aged
40-64. Figures are based on 24 hours (Mon-Sun)

Source: AGF Videoforschung in cooperation with GfK; VIDEOSCOPE 1.4,
January 1, 2019-December 31, 2020, market standard: TV.

Asa systemically relevant media company, ProSiebenSat.] has
a great responsibility: the Group makes an important contri-
bution to the diversity of information and focuses increasingly
on local, relevant and live content in the programming strat-
egy. In-house productions such as “Joko & Klaas Live: A Short
Story of Moria” and the reportage series “ProSieben Spezial”,
which handles issues relevant to society in a manner appropri-
ate for the target group, are an important component of this.
In “ProSieben Spezial: Rechts. Deutsch. Radikal.”, for example,
the Group examined the right and the far-right scene in Ger-
many. The program achieved a market share of 20.4% among
young viewers aged 14 to 39 on TV, as well as a peak value
of 667,342 video views on the Group's digital channels up to
December 31, 2020.

86


--- Page 13 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

We increased our share of in-house productions on the major
stations aired during prime time alone by 11.6% in the report-
ing period, with the station family’s prime-time market share
as a whole growing by 0.6 percentage points compared to 2019
(viewers aged 14-49). ProSieben and SAT.1 were the only large
private broadcasters in Germany that were able to expand their
market share in comparison to the previous year. This under-
scores the success of our programming strategy of playing
in-house productions primarily in prime time. Prime time from
8:15 p.m. until 11:00 p.m. is particularly relevant for the adver-
tising industry due to its high reach and is therefore the key
advertising period.

AUDIENCE SHARES OF PROSIEBENSAT.1 STATIONS
IN PRIME TIME IN GERMANY in %

Target group 14-49 years 242020 242019 2020 2019
ProSiebenSat.1 Group 273 272 27.4 268
SATI 86 84 82 81
ProSieben 105 97 103 99
Kabel Eins 41 47 47 47
sixx 10 12 u u
SAT Gold 09 09 u 09
ProSieben MAXX 1s 16 13 14
Kabel Eins Doku o7 o7 07 06

Prime time refers to programs broadcast between 8:15 p.m. and 11:00 p.m.
Figures are based on 24 hours (Mon-Sun).

Source: AGF Videoforschung in cooperation with Gfk; VIDEOSCOPE 1.4,
January 1, 2019-December 31, 2020, market standard: TV.

The Austrian stations ATV, ATV2, PULS 4 and PULS 24 generated
acombined market share of 11.9% among viewers aged between
12 and 49 years in 2020 (previous year: 11.2%). ProSiebenSat.1
PULS 4 GmbH (“ProSiebenSat.] PULS 4”) is thus the leading
private TV provider in Austria by far. PULS 24, which is still
comparatively young, boosted its market share to 0.8%. Puls
24 went on air in September 2019 and focuses on news, busi-
ness, live events and Austrian content. Overall, the station fam-
ily in Austria increased its market share in prime time, which
is particularly important for advertising customers, by 1.0 per-
centage points compared to 2019 (viewers aged 12-49). In
Switzerland, the ProSiebenSat.] station’s audience share among
15- to 49-year-olds in the full-year was lower than in the previ-
ous year at 15.9%.

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

AUDIENCE SHARES OF
PROSIEBENSAT.1 STATIONS IN AUSTRIA in %

Target group 12-49 years 242020 42019 2020 2019
ProSiebenSat.1 PULS 4 28.5 293 28.4 285
SAT Osterreich 41 39 36 38
ProSieben Austria 62 66 63 66
Kabel Eins Austria 26 29 27 28
PULS 4 49 49 51 43
PULS 24 09 03 08 ol
sixx Austria 10 13 u 12
SAT. Gold Osterreich u 10 10 09
ProSieben MAXX Austria 09 12 10 u
Kabel Eins Doku Austria 07 09 08 09
ATV 47 49 45 48
ATV2 14 15 1s 14

E 12-49; SAT.1 Osterreich, ProSieben Austria, Kabel Eins Austria, PULS 4,

sixx Austria, ProSieben MAXX Austria, SAT.1 Gold Osterreich, Kabel Eins Doku
Osterreich, ATV + ATV 2, PULS 24 (since September 1, 2019)

Source: AGTT/GfK TELETEST/Evogenius Reporting/January 1, 2019-December 31
2020/weighted for number of people/including VOSDAL/time shift/standard

AUDIENCE SHARES OF
PROSIEBENSAT.1 STATIONS IN SWITZERLAND in %

Target group 15-49 years Q42020 42019 2020 2019
ProSiebenSat.1 Group 16.0 W2 15.9 127
SAT. Schweiz 52 53 46 52
ProSieben Schweiz 47 53 47 58
Kabel Eins Schweiz 22 21 24 25
sixx Schweiz 13 13 14 12
SAT Gold Schweiz 10 12 09 09
ProSieben MAXX Schweiz 09 12 09 u
Puls 8 09 09 10 10

Figures are based on 24 hours (Mon- Sun), all platforms, overnight +7. SAT.1
Schweiz, ProSieben Schweiz, Kabel Eins Schweiz, sixx Schweiz, SAT. Gold
Schweiz, ProSieben MAXX Schweiz, Puls 8; advertising-relevant target group:
15- to 49-year-olds; market shares relate to German-speaking Switzerland;
D-CH/total signal

Source: Mediapulse TV Data

The Group runs a total of 15 free and pay TV stations in the
German-speaking region (Germany, Austria and Switzerland).
These address different target groups and are supplemented
by digital services. The group is gradually expanding its port-
folio so that it can offer programs via as many distribution
channels as possible. In this strategic context, ProSiebenSat.1
Group founded the streaming platform Joyn as a joint venture
with Discovery Communications Europe Ltd. (“Discovery”) and
launched it in June 2019. The streaming service offers view-
ers livestreams of over 60 channels and an extensive on-de-
mand offering of local series, shows and previews, which are
produced in-house. The paid Joyn PLUS+ service with exclusive
content, originals, pay TV stations, and HD content was added
to the offering in November 2019. According to measurements
by AGOF (Arbeitsgemeinschaft Onlineforschung e. V.), the free
streaming service Joyn reached 3.84 million unique users in
Germany in December 2020 (previous year: 3.46 million).

87


--- Page 14 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

Advances in digitalization create new opportunities to reach
viewers. At the same time, they open up additional ways of
generating revenues beyond advertising financing. Exam-
ples include the distribution of programs in HD quality via
various transmission channels: Under this business model,
ProSiebenSat.] Group participates in the technical service fees
that end customers pay to the respective providers for pro-
grams in HD quality. In Germany, ProSiebenSat.1 Group’s HD sta-
tions had 10.6 million users in the reporting period, 6.2% more
than in the previous year. In addition, more shows were broad-
cast in the new ultra-high definition (UHD) standard.

The proportion of local programming on the Group’s own
stations has become a particular strategic focus: locally pro-
duced shows set ProSiebenSat.] apart from its competitors
and sharpen the stations’ brand profiles. For example, the Ger-
man production subsidiary Redseven produced local prime
time content for the stations SAT.1, ProSieben and Kabel Eins
in 2020. Similarly, Studio71 developed and produced more
new formats for the German market, such as the mini series
“Join me @ home” for the streaming platform Joyn. The dig-
ital studio Studio71 pools ProSiebenSat.] Group's digital only
content offerings and distributes them via digital platforms. In
2020, for example, Studio71 was played on around 1,400 chan-
nels, generating 10.9 billion video views a month (previous year:
9.9 billion video views).

Dating

Dating and, in particular, interactive live videos have become
global megatrends. The online dating and matchmaking mar-
kets in the US and Germany currently total of up to EUR 2.3 bil-
lion (figures for 2019), with around half of the market volume is
attributable to social dating. Total market volume looks set to
grow by between 7% and 8% each year (CAGR 2019-2022), with
social dating even climbing by 11% to 13% (CAGR 2019-2022).

Ci} Social dating refers to casual chatting and meeting up with
people nearby. Unlike matchmaking, where the aim is to form
permanent relationships, it allows users to meet and get to
know a range of different people in a relaxed environment
without any clear intentions.

With a rising number of single people - including more and
more digital natives — online dating is becoming an increas-
ingly accepted and normal way to find a partner. The sector
has also gained relevance during the COVID-19 pandemic and
the restrictions on social contact that this entailed. With Par-
shipMeet Group, ProSiebenSat.] has created a global player in
the dating segment that is geographically diverse and covers
the entire spectrum of dating.

ParshipMeet Group is enjoying highly dynamic growth and a
positive yearly trend in platform and communication activity.
The numbers of users meeting over video call has increased
strongly on all platforms. To help members find partners in

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

times of social distancing, online matchmaking portals Par-
ship, ElitePartner and eharmony all added a video date feature
to their range of services in mid-April. This makes it easy for
singles to see and get to know their match virtually in a secure
environment without exchanging any personal details. An aver-
age video date lasts 30 minutes, highlighting that customers
respond well to and use this type of exchange aimed at getting
to know potential partners better.

Commerce & Ventures

More and more purchasing decisions are now made online.
Online shopping is now an integral part of our everyday lives
and services such as consumer advice are increasingly offered
on the internet. However, the various consumer markets on
which ProSiebenSat.] Group operates with NuCom Group are
all developing at a different pace and have been affected by the
impact of the COVD-19 pandemic to varying degrees.

— Beauty & lifestyle: Even before the outbreak of the COVID-19
pandemic, global digital retailing was one of the growth mar-
kets. According to a study by the Institute of Retail Research
in Cologne, it likely grew by around 20% in 2020 in Germany
alone to reach a current market volume of EUR 84.0 billion.
As such, e-commerce is expected to account for 13.1% of the
total retail business (previous year:11.1%).

Total revenues from beauty and personal hygiene products
came to EUR 18.9 billion in 2020 (previous year: EUR 19.0 bil-
lion), as a study by Euromonitor for Germany and Austria
shows. The beauty market likely benefited considerably
from the shift in purchasing habits from offline to online
and gained momentum during lockdowns. In this context,
the share of the online market is likely to have risen to around
9 percent from ProSiebenSat.!’s perspective.

— Experiences: A study conducted by mydays and Statista
in 2020 found that shared experiences were a favored gift
under the Christmas tree. 26% said it is important to them
that a gift is a shared experience that allows time to be spent
together. This therefore offers significant market potential,
but the leisure industry has currently recorded a decline as
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting restric-
tions in public life. Risk Report

— Consumer advice: The German Federal Network Agency
expects the market volume of online comparison portals
in the fields of energy, telecommunications, car insurance
and consumer loans in Germany to come to approximately
EUR 870 million in 2020 (previous year: EUR 760 million).
Growth was likely driven chiefly by the energy sector. The
consumer advice area also includes the rental car portal bil-
liger-mietwagen.de, which has been particularly affected
by the pandemic. The travel industry as a whole contracted
by around 50% in 2020 on account of COVID-19 restrictions.
> Risk Report

88


--- Page 15 ---

9 Content

» To Our Shareholders

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

+ Group Management Report

ProSiebenSat.1 Group does not carry out research and
development (R&D) in the conventional sense of an indus-
trial company. Nonetheless, both fields do hold a position
of high importance at ProSiebenSat.1 Group.

ProSiebenSat.1 conducts intensive market research
in every area relevant to its business activities and in
every area in which the Company sees growth poten-
tial. In 2020, expenses for Group-wide market research
activities amounted to around EUR 7 million (previous
year: EUR 9 million). The various research units in the
Group prepare investigations and analyses on advertis-
ing impact, on trends in the advertising market and dig-
ital industries as well as on media use and also assess
economic and market projections. Those responsible in
the Group use the results of the market analyses for oper-
ational and strategic planning. At the same time, market
data and analyses are an important basis for success-
fully advising our advertising clients. With its studies, the
Company provides advertisers with valuable knowledge
for marketing and advertising planning, which consti-
tutes an important basis for investment decisions.

In the program development phase, program research
also plays a decisive role. An important task is the assess-
ment of international TV trends with regard to their
potential for the German television market. In addition,

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

the corresponding research team regularly provides
quantitative and qualitative studies and analyses of the
ProSiebenSat.1 stations’ programming. Among other
things, new formats are tested with the aid of survey
and audience screenings. Besides, this research team
also carries out ad hoc tests on shows that have already
been broadcast. Based on the results, we can adjust for-
mats in the development phase and optimize TV pro-
grams that have already been broadcast, thus increas-
ing success rates.

In the area of development, the Group is particularly
working on making its advertising products smarter. This
means developing offers to target TV and video adver
ing to specific target groups. This is for example based on
anonymous user data regarding age, gender, household
income or weather. In this context, ProSiebenSat.1 is also
relying on new technologies, and in 2019 it launched the
Addressable TV spot in the advertising market in addition
to its existing offerings in the area of targeted advertising.
This enables the Company’s own commercials to be over-
laid with addressable spots in all advertising blocks, thus
addressing viewers based on their interests. The offer is
based on an advertising technology that Seven.One Media
developed and has applied for a European patent. The next
step towards “smart reach” is the CrossDevice-Bridge-a
product that makes it possible to specifically target dif-
ferent end devices in one household. In ad ion, we are
continuously developing our own digital platforms, for
example in the commerce business. > Opportunity Report

89


--- Page 16 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

COMPARISON OF ACTUAL AND
PROJECTED BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
FOR THE GROUP

The Group achieved or even significantly exceeded key finan-
cial targets in 2020 — according to the outlook adjusted during
the year in November. In the full-year 2020, ProSiebenSat.] had
been aimed for Group revenues of between EUR 3.85 billion
and EUR 3.95 billion as well as for adjusted EBITDA of between
EUR 600 million and EUR 650 million, after the Group's busi-
ness was severely impacted by the restrictions due to COVID-
19 in the second quarter in particular. As of the end of the year,
Group revenues amounted to EUR 4,047 million with adjusted
EBITDA of EUR 706 million.

The noticeably better than expected business development
is due to a strong performance in the fourth quarter to which
all segments of ProSiebenSat.] Group contributed. Key driver
was especially the growth in the Group's advertising business
in the low-single-digit percentage range in the fourth quarter
compared to the previous year. This also reflects the Group's
continuous improvement in the advertising business over the
course of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020.

Against the backdrop of the global COVID-19 pandemic and the
related economic uncertainty — also with regard to the possi-
ble extent of the negative business impact - on April 22, 2020,
ProSiebenSat.1 Group withdrew its financial outlook regard-
ing all the most important key financial performance indica-
tors for financial year 2020, which had been published at the
beginning of March 2020. Already at this time, it was apparent
that the impacts of COVID-19 on ProSiebenSat.] Group’s busi-
ness would make it impossible to achieve any of the targets for
Group revenues, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, free
cash flow before M&A or the Group's leverage ratio stated in
this financial outlook. This expectation was confirmed in the
second quarter of 2020 for all targets relevant for the manage-
ment of the Group. Publishing its figures for the third quarter on
November 5, 2020, ProSiebenSat.] Group published new guid-
ance for 2020 and, on January 21, 2021, announced by way of
ad-hoc disclosure based on provisional, unaudited figures that
the Group had noticeably exceeded its outlook for revenues
and adjusted EBITDA.

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

ProSiebenSat.] is confirming its mid-term target for P7S1
ROCE (return on capital employed): The Group is increasingly
concentrating on continually growing value, which is to be
reflected in an improved P7S1 ROCE; for the Group as a whole,
this key figure is expected to exceed 15% in the mid-term. In
the short term, P7S1 ROCE could be below the target of 15%
— as it was the case in 2020, for example — due to increased
investment activity. Against the backdrop of the pandemic, this
figure was 10% as of the end of the year. At the same time,
ProSiebenSat.] Group has highlighted to further aim for a lever-
age ratio (ratio of net financial debt to LTM adjusted EBITDA) of
between 1.5x and 2.5x. In the financial year 2020, a year defined
by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group achieved a leverage ratio
of 2.8x as of the end of the year.

The following table provides an overview of the adjusted
outlook for 2020; the various performance indicators are also
evaluated and analyzed in the following sections.

However, it was not only with a view to the key financial fig-
ures that the Group achieved important targets in 2020;
ProSiebenSat.] Group also emphasized its strong competitive
position. For example, the Group maintained its leading posi-
tion in audience shares in the advertising-relevant target group
of 14- to 49-year-olds at a high level of 27.2% (previous year:
28.2%). The development of audience shares in Germany is the
most important non-financial performance indicator, with an
increased focus on access and prime time asa result of the high
reach for the advertising industry. In prime time, ProSiebenSat.1
recorded an increase of 0.6 percentage points in market shares
compared to 2019 (viewers aged 14-49, Germany).

90


--- Page 17 ---

9 Content

» To Our Shareholders

+ Group Management Report

9 Consol

COMPARISON OF ACTUAL AND PROJECTED BUSINESS PERFORMANCE FOR THE GROUP

jated Financial Statements

9 Information

Actual Ad-hoc Actual
figures FY 2020 Third quarter 2020 disclosure figures
2019 March 4,2020 | April 22,2020 Novernber 52020. _January21,2021 2020
Revenues 4135 Overall, the Group aims at further Forecast On the basis of constant Around 4,040 4,047
(in EUR m) growth in full-year 2020 - on the basis withdrawn exchange rates? and with
of constant exchange rates' and without no further portfolio changes,
portfolio changes ~ and at increasing Group the Group is aiming for iv}
revenues to EUR 4.2 billion to EUR 4.4 bil- Group revenues of between
lion. In the base case scenario, the Group EUR 3.85 billion and
expects year-on-year revenue growth to EUR 3.95 billion for the
around EUR 4.3 billion full-year 2020.
Adjusted EBITDA 872 On the basis of constant exchange rates Forecast On the basis of constant Around 700 706
{in EUR m) and with no further portfolio changes, withdrawn exchange rates? and with
the Group is aiming for adjusted EBITDA no further portfolio changes,
of between EUR 800 million and the Group is aiming for
EUR 900 million for full-year 2020. In adjusted EBITDA of between iv}
the base-case scenario, the Group is EUR 600 million and
anticipating that its adjusted EBITDA EUR 650 million for the
will be roughly stable year-on-year at full-year 2020.
around EUR 870 million.
Adjusted 387 On the one hand, in the full-year, the Forecast 22
net income Group's adjusted net income will reflect withdrawn
(in EUR m) the development of adjusted EBITDA.
On the other, as a result of higher
depreciation effects and potentially
slightly higher investments in Joyn,
the joint streaming platform with
Discovery, which are recognized at
equity, the Group's adjusted net
income may decline in the double-digit
million-euro range.
Leverage ratio 26x As of the end of 2020, depending on Forecast 28x
(net financial debt/ business performance and not including withdrawn
LTM adjusted EBITDA) any portfolio changes, the leverage
ratio could be slightly higher than the
upper end of the target corridor at
between 1.5x and 2.5x.
Free cash flow 339 Decline in at least a double-digit Forecast 235
before M&A million-euro range withdrawn
(in EUR m)

1 Other than the Euro, the main currency is the US Dollar (USD), which accounted for 13% of revenues and 16% of costs in the past year. These are essentially
translation effects. The EUR/USD exchange rate was around USD 1.1196 to the Euro in 2019.
2 The main currency besides the Euro remains the US Dollar. The average annual EUR/USD exchange rate is around USD 1.1349 to the Euro. This corresponds to
a USD exchange rate of 1.1660 USD/EUR in the fourth quarter.

Group Management Report

Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

a1


--- Page 18 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AND CHANGES IN
THE SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION

On March 5, 2020, ProSiebenSat.1 and General Atlantic, via
NuCom Group, signed an agreement for the full acquisition
of the US online dating and social entertainment enterprise
The Meet Group, Inc., New Hope, Pennsylvania, USA (“The Meet
Group"). The acquisition agreement stipulated a purchase price
of USD 6.30 per share in The Meet Group, which equates to an
enterprise value of around USD 500 million. The approval of all
necessary authorities was obtained on September 4, 2020, so
the acquisition of The Meet Group took effect economically at
the above conditions.

Ci} After Parship Group was carved out of NuCom Group follow-
ing the acquisition of The Meet Group, ProSiebenSat.1 Group
restructured its segment reporting. From the third quarter of
2020, its reporting segments were Seven.One Entertainment
Group, ParshipMeet Group, NuCom Group and Red Arrow
Studios. The holding is reported in the reconciliation column
(Holding & Other). Previous year figures have been adjusted
accordingly. Since January 1, 2021, ProSiebenSat.1 Group’s
three reporting segments have been Entertainment, Dating
and Commerce & Ventures, continuing the consistent struc-
turing of the Group according to synergy and value creation.
+ Group earnings Organization and Group Structure

The merging of Parship Group and The Meet Group forms
ParshipMeet Group, a leading global player in the dating market.
ParshipMeet Group offers a highly diversified suite of services,
from social dating and entertainment to online matchmak-
ing. ProSiebenSat.] Group holds a stake of 53% (plus preferred
equity of EUR 350 million) in the new group, and General
Atlantic's share amounts to 43%; the remainder is held by the
management. The shares held by the management are sub-
ject to a put option agreement and are accounted for using
the anticipated acquisition method. This means that 55% of
ParshipMeet Group’s net result for the period and net assets
is allocated to ProSiebenSat.1 Group - taking the preferred
equity owed to ProSiebenSat.] Group into account - and 45% to
General Atlantic. 9 Notes, note 5 “Acquisitions and disposals affecting the

scope of consolidation” + Notes, note 26 “Shareholders’ equity”

NuCom Group, in which General Atlantic holds a 28.4% stake
as minority investor, remains a synergistically important part
of the Group and our portfolio strategy. The aim is to use the
media services of our entertainment platforms to develop
consumer brands to generate value and to establish market
leaders in this area. As part of an active portfolio policy, we
also sell individual investments if ProSiebenSat.1 is not or is no
longer the right owner. An example of this is the disposal of
the OTC provider WSM Holding GmbH (“WindStar”). The enter-
prise value of WindStar increased by a multiple of 2.4 within
four years, demonstrating the added value that ProSiebenSat.1
generates particularly with media services. % Strategy and Objectives
» Opportunity Report

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

On September 30, 2020, ProSiebenSat.] Group sold its Virtual
Minds AG (“Virtual Minds”) subsidiary, myLoc managed IT AG
(“myLoc”), to the Italian cloud provider WIIT S.p.A., Milan, Italy
(“WIIT"). ProSiebenSat.1 is thus pursuing its strategy of focusing
on areas that synergize with the entertainment business. As a
result of the sale, the infrastructure provider myLoc was carved
out of the Virtual Minds technology holding company, which
will now focus even more strongly on its core AdTech expertise.
Virtual Minds offers advertisers a comprehensive technology
range for booking and playing advertising. The sales proceeds
amounted to EUR 51 million.

On October 22, 2020, NuCom Group sold its entire 92% stake
in WindStar to the financial investor Oakley Capital Limited,
London, United Kingdom (“Oakley Capital”). Oakley Capital
acquired the remaining 8% held by minority shareholders at the
same time. The transaction was based on an enterprise value of
EUR 280 million with expected 2020 revenues of EUR 127 million
and an adjusted EBITDA of EUR 21 million. This corresponds to
an adjusted EBITDA multiple of 13.6x. The approval of the rele-
vant antitrust authorities was obtained on December 1, 2020,
so the deconsolidation of WindStar also took effect economi-
cally in the fourth quarter.

At the beginning of the financial year, ProSiebenSat.1 Group
examined various options for the further alignment of Red
Arrow Studios’ international production business. The Group
concluded this strategic review in March 2020, deciding that
the international production business would remain part of the
Group. In the context of the COVID-19 crisis the options exam-
ined were no longer feasible.

Other significant events were personnel changes in the compo-
sition of the Supervisory Board and Executive Board: Dr. Anton-
ella Mei-Pochtler was appointed as a member of the Super-
visory Board of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE by court order with
effect from April 13, 2020. A clear majority of the shareholders
then elected her as a new Supervisory Board member at the
Annual General Meeting on June 10, 2020. She succeeds Ange-
lika Gifford, who had resigned on January 13, 2020. Dr. Antonella
Mei-Pochtler is an independent entrepreneur as well as senior
advisor at the Boston Consulting Group and special advisor to
the Austrian Chancellor. She has extensive expertise as well
as a global network in the areas of strategy, media and digital
transformation.

On March 13, 2020, the company announced that Conrad
Albert, Deputy CEO of ProSiebenSat.] Media SE, would resign
his Executive Board post by mutual agreement at the end of
April 30, 2020, and leave the company on this date. In addition,
the Supervisory Board of ProSiebenSat.] Media SE resolved on
March 26, 2020, that CFO Rainer Beaujean would also take on
the role of Chairman of the Executive Board and CEO Max Conze

92


--- Page 19 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

would leave the company with immediate effect. Additionally,
Wolfgang Link and Christine Scheffler were newly appointed
to the Executive Board. In the Executive Board team, Rainer
Beaujeanis responsible for Strategy & M&A, the Red Arrow Studios,
NuCom Group and the newly created ParshipMeet Group
as well as all financial functions and the holding di ons IT,
Communications, Investor Relations, Legal, Media Policy and
Group Security. Wolfgang Link is in charge of the entertainment
business, which comprises all areas from content and digital
to sales and the streaming business with the platform Joyn.
Christine Scheffler heads the Human Resources, Compliance,
Sustainability and Organizational Development & Operational
Excellence departments.

As part of this, ProSiebenSat.] Group is refocusing its entertain-
ment business more strongly on the German-speaking region
(Germany, Austria and Switzerland). At the same time, the con-
tent, digital and sales businesses are being brought even closer
together in order to offer viewers content across all platforms
and media. Since October 1, 2020, all of ProSiebenSat.] Media SE's
entertainment activities have therefore also been bundled
under the umbrella brand of the Seven.One Entertainment

Group GmbH (“Seven.One Entertainment Group”). 9 Organization
and Group Structure 4 Strategy and Objectives

In this strategic context, ProSiebenSat.] Group acquired broad-
casting rights for Bundesliga soccer starting with the 2021/22
season for its station SAT. in June 2020. The exclusive live free TV
package comprises nine live matches per season, including the
Supercup, the opening Bundesliga game, the matches before
and after the winter break, the opening game of Bundesliga 2,
and the Bundesliga and Bundesliga 2 play-offs. The rights pack-
age is valid for four seasons in total. The live matches will be
broadcast on SAT.1 and in parallel on the platforms ran.de and
satl.de, on the ran and SAT.1 apps, and in the SAT.1 live stream
on Joyn. ProSiebenSat.1 is thus expanding the Group's sports
offering, which also includes broadcasts of the European U21
Championship and the National Football League (NFL).

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

Because ProSiebenSat.] Group is increasingly focusing on
local, relevant and live content in its programming strategy,
the Group has also announced that it will further expand its
own production activities: From the start of 2023, the company
will produce cross-platform news for ProSieben, SAT.1 and Kabel
Eins itself. A central news team of around 60 people is therefore
being assembled and an ultra-modern, cross-media newsroom
with a state-of-the-art studio is being built. A capital city office
is also planned in Berlin.

Ci} The health and safety of employees are ProSiebenSat.1
Group’s top priority. Against the background of the COVID-
19 pandemic, most of the employees at the Unterféhring site
have been working remotely from home since mid-March,
also in order to protect the employees who are absolutely
necessary in order to continue broadcasting at the campus
in Unterféhring.

93


--- Page 20 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

GROUP EARNINGS

REVENUES

The Group generated revenues of EUR 4,047 million in 2020
(previous year: EUR 4,135 million) and was therefore only 2%
below the previous year despite the substantial impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic. After the Group’s business was impacted
by the pandemic-related restrictions, particulalry in the second
quarter, ProSiebenSat.1 ended the year with a strong fourth
quarter: Over this period, the Group's revenues increased by
11% to EUR 1,492 million (previous year: EUR 1,349 million) as all
segments again posted growth.

Adjusted for currency effects and changes in the portfolio, the

Group's revenues declined by 4% to EUR 3,930 million (previous
year: EUR 4,115 million).’ 9 Significant Events and Changes in the Scope

of Consolidation

The development in revenues in financial year 2020 reflects the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which affected advertising
business and international production business especially. Also,
the revenues of our online comparison platform for rental cars
and the offerings in the field of experiences were below the
previous year due to the restrictions on public and economic
life. In the second half of the year, both the advertising business
and the international production business showed an upward
trend, given positive economic signals, with the result that the
Group's revenues were higher year-on-year in the fourth quar-
ter. However, the negative effects resulting in particular from
the second quarter, could not be fully compensated for the full-
year. Against this background, and as a result of the growing
revenues of our commerce and dating business, the share of
non-advertising business to the Group revenues increased to
52% over the year (previous year: 47%).

EXTERNAL REVENUES BY SEGMENT?! in EURm

Absolute Change
2020 2019 change in%
Seven.One
Entertainment Group 2,286 2.518 231 -92
ParshipMeet Group 333 209 124 593
NuCom Group 807 756 51 68
Red Arrow Studios 620 652 32 -49
Revenues 4,047 4,135 -88 -21

1 The prior-year figures have been adjusted to the segment structure in place
since the third quarter of 2020.

External revenues in the Seven.One Entertainment Group
segment amounted to EUR 2,286 million (previous year:
EUR 2,518 million), and were thus 9% below the previous year's
figure. Adjusted for currency effects and portfolio changes, the
decline in segment revenues also amounted to 9%; the hosting
and infrastructure provider myLoc was sold in 2020.

After the first impacts of the pandemic on the advertising
market were already visible in mid-March, this development
intensified significantly in the second quarter. Following a
recovery supported by the economy in the third quarter, exter-
nal revenues rose by 2% compared to the previous year in the
fourth quarter, thanks in particular to the growth of 3% in adver-
tising business. However, the development described caused
advertising revenues to decline by 10% over the full-year. The
AdTech sector's advertising revenues with the programmatic
trading of advertising time developed positively in all quarters.
Other revenues recorded a slight decrease by 3% year-on-year,
and were also defined by the weak second quarter. Sports were
particularly affected, as no events could take place due to the
pandemic. By contrast, distribution revenues grew dynamically
in all quarters thanks to the further increase in the number of
HD users. 9 Group Environment

External revenues in the ParshipMeet Group segment rose
by 59% to EUR 333 million (previous year: EUR 209 million) in
financial year 2020 and were influenced in particular by the
acquisition of The Meet Group in September 2020. Adjusted
for currency effects and portfolio changes, revenues also rose
significantly by 11%. In particular, the performance of the com-
panies of the former Parship Group (Parship, Elite Partner and
eHarmony) was very positive. On the one hand, this highlights
the growing importance of the dating business even in a COVID-
19 affected environment. On the other, eHarmony experienced
strong organic growth following its full integration. Parship
Group was carved out of the NuCom Group segment following
the acquisition of The Meet Group and has been reported in
the new segment ParshipMeet Group since the third quarter.

In the NuCom Group segment, external revenues rose by 7%
to EUR 807 million in the reporting period 2020 (previous year:
EUR 756 million). Growth was influenced by the acquisition of be
Around in March 2019 and, countering this, the sale of WindStar
at the beginning of December. Adjusted for currency effects
and portfolio changes, the growth amounted to 6%. Despite the
COVID-19 restrictions, the online-beauty provider Flaconi GmbH

? The revenues of the US online dating and social entertainment company The Meet Group, which was acquired in September 2020, were not taken into account in
the current financial year. Similarly, be Around Holding GmbH ("be around’), the online broker for products and services that was acquired in March 2019, was also not
taken into account for January and February 2020. The contributions of myLoc, the hosting and infrastructure provider sold as of the end of September 2020, were not
included for the months from October to December 2019, and the contributions of the OTC provider WindStar, which was sold as of the start of December 2020, were
not included for the month of December 2019. Currency effects are determined by translating the previous year's revenues using the average rates applied in currency

translation in the current financial year.

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

94


--- Page 21 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

(“Flaconi”) in particular continued its revenue growth with con-
siderable gains. By contrast, the restrictions on public life since
March 2020 had a negative impact on the travel and transport
business as well as on the leisure industry. The declines there
slowed NuCom Group's growth accordingly.

External revenues in the Red Arrow Studios segment
decreased by 5% to EUR 620 million in financial year 2020
(previous year: EUR 652 million). Adjusted for currency effects,
revenues were down 3% on the previous year. The effects of
the COVID-19 pandemic also had a high impact here in the
second quarter in particular, with the international program
production business being particularly hard hit. After program
productions in the US in particular had to be largely stopped
or postponed in mid-March, there were still restrictions there
in the further course of the year. As the restrictions on public
life were eased, production business recovered slightly in the
third quarter and was above the level of the previous year in
the fourth quarter due to catch-up effects. The performance in
program distribution, our global sales business, was also clearly
positive over the full-year. However, this was unable to com-
pensate the decline in production business over the first nine
months of 2020. 9 Group Environment

REVENUE SHARE BY SEGMENT"

in %, 2019 figures in parentheses

— 15 (16)

— 20 (18)

56 (61) —
— 8 (5)

@ Seven.One Entertainment Group @ Nucom Group

@ ParshipMeet Group Red Arrow Studios

1 The prior-year figures have been adjusted to the segment structure in place
since the third quarter of 2020.

ADJUSTED EBITDA BY SEGMENT in EUR m

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

REVENUES BY REGION in EURm

2020 2019
DACH! 3349 3,516
USA 620 540
Other 77 78
Revenues 4,047 4,135

1 DACH = German-speaking region (Germany, Austria, Switzerland)

Ci} At 82.8%, ProSiebenSat.1 Group generates the majority of its
revenues in the DACH' region (previous year: 85.0%).

ADJUSTED EBITDA

Adjusted EBITDA declined by 19% or EUR166 million to
EUR 706 million in financial year 2020. The adjusted EBITDA
margin was 17.4% (previous year: 21.1%). The decline in high-
margin advertising business in particular had a negative impact
on the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's profitability. While the effects
of the pandemic were particularly evident in the second quar-
ter, earnings power improved significantly in line with reve-
nues from the third quarter. The Group's adjusted EBITDA grew
by 12% to EUR 377 million in the fourth quarter (previous year:
EUR 338 million). With the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic
various cost-cutting measures were implemented through-
out the entire Group. For example, the Group adopted short-
time work in areas affected by work shortages, IT expenses
were scaled back and other costs such as travel or consulting
expenses were reduced.

The implications of the COVID-19 pandemic are significantly
influencing the earnings and margin development of the
Seven.One Entertainment Group segment, in particular due
to the decline in advertising revenues: Despite active cost man-
agement, adjusted EBITDA was down by 28% or EUR 217 mil-
lion at EUR 571 million over the full-year, the adjusted EBITDA
margin declined to 24.0% (previous year: 30.2%). However,
adjusted EBITDA grew by 4% year-on-year in the fourth quar-
ter; the adjusted EBITDA margin was also slightly higher than in
the previous year at 34.9% in the fourth quarter of 2020 (34.2%)

Absolute Adjusted EBITDA margin Adjusted EBITDA margin

2020 2019 change __Changein% 2020 (in %)" 2019 (in %)"

Seven.One Entertainment Group snl 787 -217 -275 24.0 302
ParshipMeet Group 80 44 36 814 239 210
NuCom Group 32 54 -22 -409 39 70
Red Arrow Studios 42 48 -6 126 62 66
Reconciliation (Holding & other) -19 62 42 -691 - -
Total adjusted EBITDA 706 872 -166 -19.1 4 2a

1 Based on segment revenues

Group Management Report 95

Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020


--- Page 22 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

The ParshipMeet Group segment recorded significant growth
in adjusted EBITDA in 2020: the figure rose from EUR 44 mil-
lion to EUR 80 million. In addition to strong operational growth,
this is due to the acquisition of The Meet Group. The adjusted
EBITDA margin improved to 23.9% (previous year: 21.0%).
Significant Events and Changes in the Scope of Consolidation

The adjusted EBITDA of the NuCom Group segment amounted
to EUR 32 million, down 41% on the previous-year figure of
EUR 54 million. The adjusted EBITDA margin declined to 3.9%
(previous year: 7.0%). The change is due in particular to the
decline in the high-margin revenues in our travel and leisure
business in connection with COVID-19 related lower bookings.
Strict cost management was a key positive factor, and the con-
tributions to earnings at Flaconi and Verivox improved as well.
Earnings were impacted by the different margin structures of
the individual business models.

Adjusted EBITDA in the Red Arrow Studios segment decreased
by 13% to EUR 42 million (previous year: EUR 48 million). By
contrast, the adjusted EBITDA margin was virtually almost
stable at 6.2% (previous year: 6.6%). The decline in revenues in
production business was partially compensated by correspond-
ing cost-cutting measures and dynamic program distribution.

The following table shows the reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA
to net income:

RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED EBITDA TO NET INCOME

inEURM
Absolute Change
2020 2019 change in%
Adjusted EBITDA 706 872 -166 -191
Reconciling items 95 =34 129 ~
EBITDA 801 838 -37 -4.4
Depreciation, amortization’
and impairment 248 =260 u ~43
thereof from purchase
price allocations 52 -69 16 237
Operating result (EBIT) 553 578 -26 -45
Financial result =183 -6 -176 ~
Income taxes 18 -161 43 266
Net income 252 412 -159 -38.7

The reconciling items amounted to EUR 95 million in finan-
cial year 2020 compared to minus EUR 34 million in the pre-
vious year, and mostly arose in the fourth quarter of 2020 in
the financial year. The largest single item was income from
changes in the scope of consolidation at EUR 140 million (previ-
ous year: EUR O million). This includes income from the disposals
of WindStar (EUR 106 million) and myLoc (EUR 35 million). M&A
projects resulted in expenses of EUR 24 million (previous year:
EUR 12 million) in 2020, which essentially relate to the acqui-
sition of The Meet Group and the disposal of WindStar. The
expenses from other one-time items of EUR 7 million mainly
include expenses in connection with changes in the Executive
Board (previous year: EUR 5 million). » Significant Events and Changes
in the Scope of Consolidation

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

PRESENTATION OF RECONCILING ITEMS WITHIN
ADJUSTED EBITDA in eURm

2020 2019

Adjusted EBITDA 706 872
Income from changes in scope of consolidation 140 °
Income from other one-time items 1 0

Income adjustments 141 1
M&A related expenses =24 -2
Reorganization expenses -6 -45
Expenses for legal claims 3 0
Fair value adjustments of share-based payments -5 5
Expenses from other one-time items -7 <5
Valuation effects relating to strategic realignments
of business units -1 23

Expense adjustments -46 -35

Reconciling items 95 34

EBITDA 801 838

In total, depreciation, amortization and impairments
amounted to EUR 248 million in 2020 after EUR 260 million in
the previous year. Impairment losses decreased significantly
compared to the previous year and amounted to EUR 8 million
(previous year: EUR 31 million). The main reason for the high fig-
ure in the previous year was an impairment of EUR 19 million
on customer relationships in the Red Arrow Studios segment.
The amortization on intangible assets rose by EUR 11 million to
EUR 160 million (previous year: EUR 149 million). In particular,
this was due to higher internally generated intangible assets
and purchased other intangible assets in conjunction with the
acquisition of The Meet Group. Depreciation of property, plant
and equipment remained unchanged at EUR 80 million.

FINANCIAL RESULT

The financial result amounted to minus EUR 183 million in
financial year 2020 (previous year: EUR -6 million) and is due to
various, at times contradictory developments and previous-year
comparative effects:

The interest result amounted to minus EUR 73 million (pre-
vious year: EUR -56 million) and, among other things, reflects
higher borrowing costs. This was largely on account of higher
expenses than in the previous year in connection with the term
loan of EUR 6 million and the interest expenses of EUR 2 mil-
lion resulting from the utilization of the revolving credit facil-
ity (RCF) between April 2020 and November 2020. The previ-
ous-year figure is relatively low and was influenced in part bya
positive tax interest effect of EUR 4 million (2020: negative tax
interest effect of EUR 5 million) that essentially relates to the tax
deduction of one-time fees for the syndicated loan from 2007.

The result from investments accounted for using the equity
method, also recognized in the financial result, declined to
minus EUR 77 million (previous year: EUR-5SO million) and
essentially includes the Group’s 50% share of Joyn’s result. In
particular, Joyn’s result for financial year 2020 was reduced by
impairments on other intangible assets of EUR 26 million (pre-
vious year: EUR O million).

96


--- Page 23 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

The other financial result amounted to minus EUR 32 million
in 2020 (previous year: EUR 100 million). On the one hand, this
includes effects from the valuation of put-options and earn-out
liabilities of minus EUR 30 million (previous year: EUR 76 million),
which primarily related to the ParshipMeet Group segment.
The largest single items in 2019 were valuation effects relating
to Studio71 and the social advertising provider esome adver-
tising technologies GmbH (“esome”). On the other hand, the
other financial result includes the gains on the revaluation and
disposal of other financial instruments of EUR 5 million (previ-
ous year: EUR 41 million). The figure for 2019 reflects impacts
in connection with various transactions: These include the dis-
posal of the shares in the global video service Pluto Inc. (“Pluto”)
in the amount of EUR 22 million, the revaluation of the shares
accounted for using the equity method in Marketplace GmbH
(“Marketplace”) in conjunction with the higher shareholding
and the consolidation of the newly founded be Around in the
amount of EUR 26 million.

This was partly offset by currency translation results of minus
EUR 6 million (previousyear: EUR -9 million). In addition, financing
costs declined and amounted to minus EUR 7 million (previous
year: EUR -10 million).

INCOME TAXES

Income taxes amounted to EUR118 million in financial year
2020 (previous year: EUR 161 million). This development was
essentially due to the decline in the result before income taxes.

The tax rate rose from 28% to 32%. This increase was mainly due
to the valuation effects described in the other financial result
and the result of investments accounted for using the equity
method. Offsetting this, the tax rate was reduced by the largely
tax-free income from the disposals of WindStar and myLoc.

NET INCOME AND ADJUSTED NET INCOME

Net income declined by EUR 159 million to EUR 252 million in
financial year 2020; in addition to the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic, this is also essentially due to the negative devel-
opment described in the financial result, in particular due
to non-recurring valuation effects of put-options and earn-
out liabilities. Against this background, net income attribut-
able to shareholders of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE declined by
EUR 146 million to EUR 267 million.

Adjusted net income amounted to EUR 221 million in the past
financial year (previous year: EUR 387 million). The reconciling
items relevant in calculating adjusted net income are presented
in the statement of reconciliation below. In addition to the val-
uation effects reorganized in other financial result, these also
include effects from foreign currency effects relating to the
acquisition of The Meet Group. These are reported in the rec-
onciliation statement under other material one-time items.
Basic adjusted earnings per share amounted to EUR 0.98 in
the reporting period (previous year: EUR 1.71).

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED NET INCOME in EURm

Absolute Change
2020 2019 change in%
Net income 252 412 -159 -38.7
Reconciling items within
EBITDA -95 34 -129 ~
Depreciation, amortization
and impairments from
purchase price allocations 52 70 -18 251
Valuation effects in other
financial result -7 41 34 -829
Valuation effects
of put-options and
earn-out liabilities? 33 -70 103 ~
Valuation effects from
interest rate hedging
transactions 1 3 3 812
Other material
one-time items 2 10 2 206
Tax effects on adjustments =19 =24 6 -229
Subtotal 228 386 -159 -411
Net income attributable to
non-controlling interests 5 1 3 ~
Adjustments attributable to
non-controlling interests 21 -1 =20 ~
Net income attributable to
adjusted non-controlling
interests -6 ° -7 ~
Adjusted net income 221 387 -165 42.8
Adjusted earnings per
share (in EUR) 0.98 wn
1 Including impacts on associates consolidated using the equity method
in the amount of EUR 1 million
2 Including compounding and foreign currency effects of EUR 3 million
(previous year: EUR 6 million)
INCOME STATEMENT in EUR m
2020 2019
Revenues 4,047 4135
Cost of sales =2,468 -2,377
Selling expenses -646 -627
Administrative expenses 538 -576
Other operating income/expenses 187 24
Operating result (EBIT) 553 578
Financial result =183 -6
Income taxes -18 -161
Net income 252 412
Attributable to shareholders of
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE 267 413

Attributable to non-controlling interests

FUNCTIONAL COSTS

The cost of sales rose by 4% to EUR 2,468 million (previous year:
EUR 2,377 million). EUR 74 million of the rise in costs relates to
the acquisition of The Meet Group. Adjusted for this, the increase
in the cost of sales amounts to EUR 16 million or 1%. While reve-
nue-based costs at Flaconi increased by EUR 68 million, costs
in the Red Arrow Studios segment declined by EUR 47 million

97


--- Page 24 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

on account of stopped productions due to the pandemic. The
cost of sales was also reduced in travel and leisure business by
the decline in revenues due to COVID-19. Total programming
expenses amounted to EUR 1,023 million in financial year 2020
(previous year: EUR 1,007 million), and consisted in particular of
the consumption of programming assets of EUR 966 million
(previous year: EUR 958 million) taking into account the provi-
sions for onerous contracts recognized and expenses for pro-
ductions recognized immediately of EUR 57 million (previous
year: EUR 49 million). This item had included the reversal of pro-
visions for onerous contracts in the amount of EUR 23 million in
the previous year. Without this non-recurring impact, program-
ming expenses would have been slightly lower, by EUR 7 mil-
lion, in financial year 2020 than in the previous year. % Strategy
and Objectives

The Group's selling expenses rose by 3% year-on-year to
EUR 646 million (previous year: EUR 627 million). This devel-
opment is attributable on the one hand to a growth-driven
increase in marketing activities at eHarmony and Flaconi and
on the other to the acquisition of The Meet Group. Furthermore,
selling expenses were kept virtually stable thanks to systematic
cost management during the COVID-19 pandemic, in particu-
lar at a number of companies of the Seven.One Entertainment
Group and NuCom Group segments.

The strict cost management in all segments had a particu-
larly clear effect on administrative expenses. These declined
to EUR 538 million in financial year 2020 (previous year:
EUR 576 million). This shows the impact of the cost-cutting
measures due to COVID-19, such as savings in travel and con-
sulting expenses. Also, the figure for the previous year contains
expenses in connection with the repositioning and closer bun-
dling of business areas in the Seven.One Entertainment Group
segment.

Ci} The Group’s personnel expenses reported in the cost of sales,
selling expenses and administrative expenses amounted to
EUR 717 million in the past financial year. This corresponds
to a slight increase of 1% or EUR 10 million compared to the
previous year. In particular, the higher personnel expenses
result from the acquisition of The Meet Group at EUR 17 mil-
lion. In the period under review, personnel expenses also
include severance payments for former members of the Exec-
utive Board of EUR 7 million (previous year: EUR 5 million).
Not including these impacts, ProSiebenSat.1 Group was able
to reduce personnel expenses in particular on account of
the reorganization in the Seven.One Entertainment Group
segment and the use of short-time work especially in the
NuCom Group segment.

Other operating income and expenses increased significantly
from EUR 24 million in the previous year to EUR 157 million in
financial year 2020. This increase mainly relates to income rec-
ognized in the current period under review from the disposal
of WindStar (EUR 106 million) and myLoc (EUR 35 million).

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

ALLOCATION OF PROFITS

Since financial year 2018, ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE has pursued
a general dividend policy of distributing around 50% of adjusted
net income to the shareholders as a dividend. The Group uses
cash inflows exceeding the dividend distribution primarily for
investments in organic and inorganic growth and to reduce its
debt. In financial year 2020, in view of the COVID-19 situation,
the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board resolved to sus-
pend the dividend originally planned for financial year 2019 and
to be paid in 2020. However, the Executive Board confirmed
the overall dividend policy. Accordingly, the Executive Board
and the Supervisory Board will propose a dividend of 50% of
adjusted net income or EUR 0.49 per share to the Annual Gen-
eral Meeting for financial year 2020. This corresponds to a div-
idend yield of around 3.6% based on the closing price of the
ProSiebenSat.1 share at the end of 2020.

RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED (ROCE)

The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's return on capital employed
(ROCE) was 10% in financial year 2020 after 16% in financial
year 2019. The decline is mainly due to the decrease in reve-
nues from high-margin advertising business in conjunction
with the COVID-19 pandemic. The increase in capital employed
was caused in particular by the acquisition of The Meet Group.
2 Planning and Management

CALCULATION OF P7S1 ROCE in EuRm

2020 2019

Adjusted EBIT! 514 684
Plus pension expenses 2 2
Plus result from investments accounted

for using the equity method -77 -49
Return (ROCE) 439 637
Capital employed (average)? 4,189 3,945
P7S1 ROCE (in %) 10 16

1 Adjusted EBIT: Stands for adjusted earnings before interest and taxes. It
describes the operating result (earnings before interest and taxes) adjusted
for certain influencing factors (reconciling items). These factors include the
reconciling items that flow into adjusted EBITDA as well as depreciation,
amortization and impairments from purchase price allocations.

2 Capital employed is the difference between intangible assets (incl. goodwill
and purchase price allocation), property, plant and equipment, investments
accounted for using the equity method, media-for-equity investments,
program assets, inventories, account receivables and other current assets less
other provisions, account receivables and current other financial assets
(excluding derivatives) and other receivables and assets less other provisions,
accouns, receivables, liabilities to at equity investments and other liablities.
The figure relates to the average of the reporting dates of the last five quarters.

98


--- Page 25 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
OF THE GROUP

Total assets amounted to EUR 7,081 million as of Decem-

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN PROGRAMMING ASSETS

ber 31, 2020 (December 31, 2019: EUR 6,618 million), this is an in EURM
increase of 7%. The most important items in the statement of
financial position are described in more detail below: 2020 2018
Carrying amount 01/01 1,204 14n3
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE in €URm Additions’ 1027 1170
Disposals “7 “17
Absolute Absolute Consumption -999 -1,061
12/31/2020 12/31/2019 change in %
eee ee Other change = -2
Assets Carrying amount 12/31 1213 1,204
Goodwill 2077 2109 68 3
Programming assets ae 1057 1s 7 1 EUR 35 million of the additions in financial year 2020 have already been
E ; recognized in profit or loss through provisions for onerous contracts
Other intangible assets oes) 835 108 6 recognized in financial year 2018 (previous year: EUR 51 million)
Property, plant and
equipment 443 351 92 26
Other 341 43 72 8 Taking into account the provision for onerous contracts rec-
Non-current assets 4,975 4,764 2n 4 ognized, the consumption of programming assets increased
Programming assets 141 148 6 4 slightly in financial year 2020 to EUR 966 million (previous year:
Trade receivables 569 530 40 7 EUR 958 million). However, this development reflects in partic-
Other 172 226 54 24, ular the reversal of the provision for onerous contracts in the
‘Cash and cash equivalents 1224 ‘950 274 29 amount of EUR 23 million in 2019. Without this non-recurring
Current assets 2,106 1,853 253 4 effect, the consumption of programming assets would have
Total assets 7,081 6,618 464 7 been slightly lower, by EUR 15 million, in financial year 2020 than
the figure for the previous year (EUR 981 million).
Liabilities
Equity 1,687 1,288 399 3 EARNINGS EFFECTS OF PROGRAMMING ASSETS in EURm
Current financial debt 2,591 3190 -598 -19
2020 2019
Other 826 Ta 81 ——
Non-current liabilities 3,417 3,934 =517 13 Consumption 99° 1061
Change in provision for onerous contracts -33 =103"
Current financial debt 601 5 596 ~
oun — Ta00 7 7 Consumption incl. change in provision for
ther : = = onerous contracts 966 958
Current liabilities 1,977 1,395 582 42
Total equity and liabilities raat eats 764 7 Including EUR 23 million reversed from the provision for onerous contracts.

Current and non-current assets: As of December 31, 2020,
goodwill increased by EUR 68 million to EUR 2,177 million
(December 31, 2019: EUR 2,109 million); its share in total assets
was 31% (December 31, 2019: 32%). The increase in goodwill
mainly results from the acquisition of The Meet Group at the
start of September 2020 (EUR 239 million). This was countered
by the disposals of myLoc and WindStar (EUR 128 million) and
foreign currency effects.

Programming assets were almost stable year-on-year at
EUR 1,213 million (December 31, 2019: EUR 1,204 million). They
therefore accounted for 17% of total assets (December 31, 2019:
18%). Details of the development in programming assets are
shown below: 9 Notes, note 18 “Programming assets",

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

Other intangible assets increased by EUR 108 million or 13%
to EUR 943 million (December 31, 2019: EUR 835 million). This
increase is mainly due to the acquisition of The Meet Group
(EUR 193 million) and investments in other intangible assets
of EUR 136 million. This was countered by amortization and
impairments of EUR 168 million, the disposals of WindStar
(EUR 38 million) and currency effects of EUR 14 million. Prop-
erty, plant, and equipment increased by 26% to EUR 443 million
(December 31, 2019: EUR 351 million). This is mainly attributable
to rented office space in Germany and the US.

Other non-current assets decreased by 18% to EUR 341 million
(December 31, 2019: EUR 413 million). Their decline is essentially
due to the value performance of long-term foreign currency
hedges in US dollars. For this reason, other current assets also
recorded a decline, falling by a total of 24% to EUR 172 million
(December 31, 2019: EUR 226 million). By contrast, current trade
receivables rose by 7% to EUR 569 million as of the end of the
reporting period (December 31, 2019: EUR 530 million).

99


--- Page 26 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

Cash and cash equivalents increased to EUR 1,224 million. This
equates to an increase of 29% or EUR 274 million compared
to December 31, 2019, and reflects the positive development
of cash flows. Compared to the previous year, cash and cash
equivalents were positively influenced by the suspension of the
originally announced dividend payment of EUR 192 million. A
dividend of EUR 269 million was paid in 2019. 9 Analysis of Liquidity
and Capital Expenditure

Equity: Equity increased by 31% or EUR399 million to
EUR 1,687 million. The equity ratio was 23.8% (December 31, 2019:
19.5%). On the one hand, this development is due to the acqui-
sition of The Meet Group together with General Atlantic and
the increased shareholding in the newly formed ParshipMeet
Group as a result. On the other, equity received a significant
boost from the positive net income especially.

Current and non-current financial debt: Total current and
non-current financial debt amounted to EUR 3,192 million
(December 31, 2019: EUR 3,195 million). The notes that were due
to mature in April 2021 and repaid early on January 15, 2021 was
reported under current financial debt at a carrying amount of
EUR 600 million as of December 31, 2020.

NET WORKING CAPITAL

NET WORKING CAPITAL in EURm

12/31/2020 _ 12/31/2019

Inventories 44 48
Receivables 588 541
Trade payables 692 746
Net working capital -60 156

The net working capital of ProSiebenSat.] Group increased
to minus EUR 60 million as of December 31, 2020 (Decem-
ber 31, 2019: EUR -156 million). The ratio of average net work-
ing capital to revenues of the past twelve months was minus
1.5% as of December 31, 2020 (December 31, 2019: -3.8%).

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

9 Consolidated Financial Statements

100


--- Page 27 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

GROUP FINANCIAL POSITION
AND LIQUIDITY

BORROWINGS AND FINANCIAL STRUCTURE

ProSiebenSat.] Group uses various financing instruments and
practices active financial management. The Group's financing
instruments are not subject to financial covenants. As of Decem-
ber 31, 2020, debt accounted for 76% of total equity and liabili-
ties (December 31, 2019: 81%). Current and non-current financial
debt accounted for a majority (59%) of this at EUR 3,192 million
(December 31, 2019: EUR 3,195 million or 60%). % Financial Perfor-
mance of the Group

Most of the syndicated term loan of EUR 2.1 billion in total and the
syndicated revolving credit facility (RCF) of up to EUR 750 mil-
lion mature in April 2024. In addition, ProSiebenSat.1 Group
had issued notes with a maturity of seven years in April 2014
with a volume of EUR 600 million in the period under review.
Until the time of its early repayment on January 15, 2021, the
bond, which was originally to mature in April 2021, was listed
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg stock exchange
(ISIN DEOQOOANIQFA7); the coupon was 2.625% p.a. In December
2020, ProSiebenSat.] Group exercised its three-month early ter-
mination right under the terms and conditions of the notes and
repaid the notes at nominal value in January 2021. Since 2016,
the Group's portfolio has also included three syndicated prom-
issory notes totaling EUR 500 million with durations of seven
years (EUR 225 million at a fixed interest rate and EUR 50 mil-
lion at a variable interest rate) and ten years (EUR 225 million
at a fixed interest rate).

The Group continuously monitors and assesses develop-
ments on the money and capital markets. Accordingly, at the
beginning of April 2020, the Group drew down a portion of
EUR 350 million of its revolving credit facility of EUR 750 million
to ensure access to the company’s liquidity reserves at any time
in an environment characterized by COVID-19. In the course of
the positive developments in the fourth quarter, this was repaid
in November 2020.

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

DEBT FINANCING INSTRUMENTS AND DURATIONS AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2020 inEuRm

Promissory Promissory

Notes! RCF? Term Loan Notes RCF? TermLoan Notes
600 7% 151-275. 676.—s«*,949.-225

2,000

1,500

1,000

° - 2 i |
April April April Dec. April April Dec.
2021 2023 (2023 2023 (2024 2024 2026

1 In December 2020, ProSiebenSat.1 Group exercised its three-month early
termination right under the terms and conditions of the notes and repaid
the notes at nominal value in January 2021

2 Not drawn.

Interest payable on the syndicated term loan and the syndi-
cated revolving credit facility (RCF) is variable and based on
Euribor money market rates plus an additional credit margin,
whereby the contract provides for a floor of 0% for the base rate.
The Group uses derivative financial instruments in the form of
interest rate swaps and interest rate options to hedge against
market-related interest rate changes caused by the market.
As of December 31, 2020, the proportion of fixed interest was
approximately 95% of the entire long-term financing portfolio
(December 3], 2019: approx. 98%). As of December 31, 2020, the
average interest cap was 0% per annum for the period up to
2024. 9 Financial Performance of the Group

FINANCING ANALYSIS

The leverage ratio describes the ratio of net financial debt to
adjusted EBITDA over the past twelve months (LTM adjusted
EBITDA) and rose to a factor of 2.8x as of December 31, 2020
(December 31, 2019: 2.6x). This is due to the development in
adjusted EBITDA over the past twelve months, which declined
on account of the COVID-19 pandemic. By contrast, net finan-
cial debt improved but was only able to partially offset this
impact. The improvement in net financial debt to EUR 1,968 mil-
lion (December 31, 2019: EUR 2,245 million) reflects the Group's
cash flow management. > Analysis of Liquidity and Capital Expenditure

101


--- Page 28 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

NET FINANCIAL DEBT in EURm

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

INVESTMENTS BY SEGMENT BEFORE M&A ACTIVITIES

in %, 2019 figures in parentheses

12/31/2020 12/31/2019
Financial debt
Term loan 2,092 2,090 730)
Notes 600 599 — 3 (2)
Promissory notes 499 499 48
Other loans 1 8
Financial debt 3192 3195
Cash and cash equivalents 1,224 950
Net financial debt 1968 2,245 90 (93) —
LEVERAGE RATIO"
@ Seven.One Entertainment Group Reconciliation (Holding & other)
2.8 2.6 @ Nucom Group @ = ParshipMeet Group
@ Red Arrow Studios
2.8
24 The ProSiebenSat.1 Group is reporting a cash flow from invest-
14 ing activities of minus EUR 1,391 million for the 2020 period
under review; this is virtually the same as the previous year's
o7 level of minus EUR 1,396 million and is defined by cash flows
o in both directions. Among other things, a higher cash outflow
12/31/2020 12/31/2019 for additions to the scope of consolidation, in particular for the

1 The leverage ratio is derived by calculating the ratio of net financial debt to
LTM adjusted EBITDA.

fi) As of December 31, 2020, the definition of ProSiebenSat.1

Group’s net financial debt does not include lease lia

ies

according to IFRS 16 of EUR 228 million (December 31, 2019:
EUR 171 million) and real estate liabilities of EUR 71 million

(December 31, 2019: EUR 48 million).

ANALYSIS OF LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL

EXPENDITURE

CASH FLOW STATEMENT in EURm

2020 2019
Net income 252 42
Cash flow from operating act 1,511 1,603
Cash flow from investing activities =1391 -1,396
thereof acquisition of The Meet Group 368 =
thereof disposal of myLoc 48 =
thereof disposal of WindStar 257 =
Free cash flow 120 207
Cash flow from financing activities 205 -294
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on
cash and cash equivalents -50 6
Change in cash and cash equivalents 274 -81
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of
reporting period 950 1,031
Cash and cash equivalents at end of
reporting period 1,224 950

In financial year 2020, ProSiebenSat.1 Group generated a cash
flow from operating activities of EUR 1,511 million (previous year:
EUR 1,603 million). The decline results from lower operating net
income. This was offset by lower tax payments in particular.

Group Management Report

Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

Ci} Assets resulting from

acquisition of The Meet Group, virtually offset higher proceeds
from the disposals of WindStar and myLoc. Specifically, there
were the following cash flows:

— The cash outflow for the acquisition of programming assets
amounted to EUR 1,063 million in the past financial year (pre-
vious year: EUR 1,072 million). The programming investments
were made in the Seven.One Entertainment Group segment.

(i) Programming investments are a top priority in investing

activities. In addition to the purchasing of licensed formats

and commissioned productions, in-house formats secure the
Group’s programming stream. They are based on the devel-
opment and implementation of own ideas and, unlike com-

mi: ned productions, are produced primarily for broadcast-
ing in the near future. For this reason, they are recognized
immediately as an expense in cost of sales and are not con-
sidered as an investment.

— The cash outflow for additions to the scope of consolidation

amounted to EUR 397 million in financial year 2020 (previous
year: EUR 100 million). This primarily includes the acquisition
of The Meet Group in the amount of EUR 418 million less the
cash thus acquired of EUR 49 million. The cash outflow also
includes deferred purchase price payments for US produc-
tion companies.

‘ial consolidations are not reported
investments.

as segment-spe:

— After deducting the cash transferred, the proceeds from the

disposal of consolidated entities amounted to EUR 305 mil-
lion (previous year: EUR 5 million). The cash inflow results
from the disposal of all shares in WindStar and myLoc.

102


--- Page 29 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

— There were cash outflows of EUR 155 million for other intan-
gible assets in the period under review (previous year:
EUR 159 million). These primarily comprise development
costs, licenses for sales of digital offerings, software, and
industrial property rights. Investments in tangible assets
amounted to EUR 79 million (previous year: EUR 54 million).
Besides technical facilities and leasehold improvements,
they included the new campus building at the Unterfohring
site.

The developments described resulted in a free cash flow
of EUR120 million for financial year 2020 (previous year:
EUR 207 million).

The cash flow from financing activities amounted to
EUR 205 million in 2020 (previous year: EUR -294 million). The
development of the cash flow from financing activities was
defined by payments received from the non-controlling share-
holder General Atlantic relating to the acquisition of The Meet
Group of EUR 259 million in financial year 2020. In contrast, the
repayments of a bank loan from The Meet Group led to a cash
outflow of EUR 27 million. The portion of the Group's revolving
credit facility (RCF) utilized in April 2020 of EUR 350 million was
also repaid in November 2020. In the previous year, there was
cash outflow of EUR 269 million for the dividend payment for
financial year 2018; the dividend payment for financial year 2019
was suspended in the 2020 period under review to secure the

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

The cash flows described allowed cash and cash equivalents
to increase to EUR 1,224 million (December 31, 2019: EUR 950 mil-
lion). The Group thus has a comfortable level of liquidity. The
bond of EUR 600 million was therefore repaid early in Janu-
ary 2021.

M&A cash flow amounted to minus EUR 116 million after minus
EUR 133 million in the previous year. In addition to the essen-
tially equalizing impacts of company acquisitions and disposals,
this development is due to a year-on-year increase in proceeds
from the disposal of financial assets.

The free cash flow before M&A amounted to EUR 235 mil-
lion in financial year 2020 (previous year: EUR 339 million). The
change reflects the decrease in operating earnings as a result
of the impact of COVID-19 and, with the opposite effect, lower
tax payments.

Ci} Free cash flow represents the total cash and cash equivalents
generated in operating business less the balance of cash
used and generated in the context of investing activities.
Free cash flow before M&A is defined as free cash flow
adjusted for cash used and generated by M&A transactions
(excl. transaction costs) related to majority acquisitions that
are carried out and planned, the purchase and sale of invest-
ments accounted for using the equity method and other
material investments with the exception of media-for-equity

Grou p's liquidity. Notes, note 26 “Shareholders’ equity“ investments.
CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS in EUR m
1,511 -1,275
-116 7" “ 1,224
950 |
| I .
Cash flow from
Cash and Cash flow investing activities Changes due Cash and
cash equivalents from operating (not including Cash flow from to exchange cash equivalents
01/01/2020 activities M&A cash flow) M&A cash flow financing activities rate effects 12/31/2020

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

103


--- Page 30 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

RECONCILIATION OF FREE CASH FLOW BEFORE M&A MEASURES in EUR m

Cash flow before

Total cash flow MBA cash flow M&A
Cash flow from operating activities 1,501 = 1,501
Proceeds from disposal of non-current assets 58 58 1
Payments for the acquisition of other intangible assets and property, plant and equipment 234 = 234
Payments for investments including investments accounted for using the equity method and financial assets -81 -81 0
Proceeds from disposal of programming assets 20 = 20
Payments for the acquisition of programming assets 1,063 = 1,063
Proceeds from the repayment of loan receivables 1 = 1
Payments for obtaining control of subsidiaries or other businesses
(net of cash and cash equivalents acquired) - essentially The Meet Group -397 397 =
Proceeds from losing control of subsidiaries or other businesses
(net of cash and cash equivalents disposed of) - WindStar and myLoc 305 305 =
Cash flow from investing acti -1,391 -16 -1,275
Free cash flow 120 -116 235

PRINCIPLES AND OBJECTIVES OF FINANCIAL
MANAGEMENT

The Treasury department centrally controls financial
management throughout the Group and pursues the fol-
lowing objectives:

— to secure finan
maintain and optimize the Group’s funding ability,

— to ensure that the entire Group remains solvent

ity efficiently across the

organization,
— to manage financial risks by using derivative
financial instruments.

The Group's financial management covers the capital
structure management and Group-wide funding, cash
and liquidity management, and the management of mar-
ket price risks, counterparty risks and credit default risks.
This includes the following tasks:

— Capital structure management: For capital structure
management at ProSiebenSat.1 Group, managing the
leverage ratio is given particular priority. The Group
takes into account factors such as the level of mar-
ket receptivity, funding terms and conditions, flexibil-
ity or restrictions, diversification of the investor base
and maturity profiles in its choice of suitable financ-
ing instruments. The Group manages its funds ona
centralized basis.

Group Management Report
Report on Economic Position: The Financial Year 2020

— Cash and liquidity management: As part of its cash
and liquidity management, the Group optimizes and
centralizes cash flows and secures liquidity across the
Group. Cash pooling is an important tool here, which
centralizes a large part of the Group’s liquidity at
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE. Using a rolling, Group-wide
liquidity planning, ProSiebenSat.1 Group captures and
forecasts both operating cash flows and cash flows
from non-operating activities, thus deriving liquidity
surpluses or requirements. Liquidity requirements are
covered either by existing cash positions or the revolv-
ing credit facility (RCF).

— Management of market price risks: The management
of market price risks comprises centrally managed
interest rate and currency management. In addition to
cash instruments, derivatives in the form of conditional
and unconditional forward transactions are deployed.
These instruments are used for hedging purposes and
serve to limit the effects of interest and currency vol-
atility on net income and cash flow.

— Management of counterparty and credit default risks:
The management of counterparty and credit default
risks centers on trading relationships and creditor
exposure to financial institutions. When entering
into trading transactions, ProSiebenSat.1 Group pays
attention to ensuring that business is widely diversi-
fied involving counterparties of sufficiently high credit
quality. For this purpose, the Group draws on external
ratings supplied by international agencies. The Group’s
risk with respect to financial institutions arises primar-
ily from its investment of cash and cash equivalents
and from its use of derivatives as part of its interest
rate and currency management activities.

104


--- Page 31 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders 9 Group Management Report 9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

OVERALL ASSESSMENT FROM THE MANAGEMENT'S VIEW: RISK AND OPPORTUNITY SITUATION

he digital development opens up new growth markets for all of our segments. Media usage,

for example, is becoming more and more diverse, while video is being consumed increas-

ingly independently of time and place. In order to actively shape this transformation and
translate it into growth potential, we have bundled our entire entertainment portfolio into one
segment. We can thus work with even more synergy, offer programming across all platforms and
develop cross-media advertising concepts. At the same time, we want to differentiate ourselves
more clearly from the global streaming providers with a greater focus on local programs. The trend
toward digitalization will continue in the years to come and has gained momentum in many areas
in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. There are also risks here. Therefore, the identification and
management of potential opportunities is just as important for our Group as the recognition and
controlling of potential risks.

We have implemented a comprehensive risk management system that integrates all relevant
business units. We estimate that there are no risks that, individually or in combination with other
risks, could have a material or lasting adverse effect on the assets, liabilities, financial position and
profit or loss. Although the overall risk has increased compared to the previous year as a result of
the pandemic, the identified risks pose no threat to the Company as a going concern, even looking
into the future. The opportunity situation has not changed compared to the previous year, while
strategic decisions and especially the future development of general conditions could hold addi-
tional potential.

RISK REPORT

PROCESS MANAGEMENT

ProSiebenSat.1 Group has a comprehensive risk manage-
ment system, which covers all activities, products, processes,
departments, investments, and subsidiaries that could have
an adverse impact on our Company’s business performance.
The traditional risk management process is structured into four
phases:

1. Identification: The basis is to identify material risks by means
of a target-/actual comparison. The decentralized risk manag-
ers are responsible for this. They use early warning indicators
defined for relevant circumstances and key figures. For exam-
ple, the development of audience shares is an important early
warning indicator. 9 Intragroup Management System

2. Assessment: The relevant consolidated risks are assessed
on the basis of a matrix. On the one hand, the circumstances
are categorized on a five-level percentage scale in terms of the
likelihood of their occurrence. On the other hand, their level of
potential financial impact is estimated; the financial equiva-
lents are likewise broken down into five levels. Using the matrix

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

presentation, potential risks are classified as “high”, “medium”
or “low” depending on their relative significance. As well as
classification, risk assessment also includes analyzing causes
and interactions. Measures to counteract or minimize risks are
included in the assessment (net assessment). In order to obtain
the most precise view of the risk situation possible, however,
opportunities are not taken into account. » Opportunity Report

3. Management: Using appropriate measures, ProSiebenSat.1
Group can reduce the likelihood of occurrence of potential
losses and limit or reduce possible damage. In order to han-
dle risks safely, it is therefore very important to take adequate
countermeasures as soon as an indicator exceeds a certain tol-
erance limit.

4. Monitoring: Risk monitoring and risk reporting round off the
risk management process. The aim is to monitor changes and
review the effectiveness of the management measures taken.
Monitoring also includes documentation, which ensures that
all hierarchy levels relevant to decision-making have adequate
information on risks.

105


--- Page 32 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

Ci) Risk is defined in this report as a potential future develop-
ment or event that could si: antly influence our busi-
ness situation and result in a negative deviation from targets
or forecasts. The risk indicators that we have already taken
into account in our financial planning or in the Consolidated
Financial Statements as of December 31, 2020, therefore do
not come under this definition and are consequently not
explained in this Risk Report.

RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Supervisory Board

Executive Board

Risk
Management

Internal Control
System

Compliance
Management

Evaluate

Control
System

Implement
Measures

Set Targets Risks

Internal Audit

In addition to a structured process, the fundamental require-
ments for handling risks safely throughout the Group include
clear decision-making structures, standardized guidelines,
and a methodical approach by the responsible bodies. At the
same time, processes and organizational structures must
be flexible enough to allow ProSiebenSat.] Group to respond
appropriately to new situations at all times. For this reason
the regular classification of risks takes place on a decentral-
ized basis and thus directly in the different corporate units, as
described below:

RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

— Decentralized risk managers: The risk managers identify
the risks from their respective area of responsibility accord-
ing to the standard Group system described. They document
their results in an IT database every quarter.

— Group Risk Officer: The Group Risk Officer reports the risks
identified in the database to the Executive Board and Super-
visory Board ona quarterly basis. In addition, relevant risks aris-
ing at short notice are reported immediately. In this way, the
Executive Board and Supervisory Board receive all analyses
and data relevant for decision making regularly and at an
early stage so that they can respond appropriately.

— The Risk Office supports the various corporate units in
identifying risk at an early stage. It ensures the efficacy
and timeliness of the system by training the decentralized
risk managers and continually monitoring the scope of risk
consolidation. Moreover, the Internal Audit unit regularly
reviews the quality and compliance of the risk management
system. The results are reported directly to the Group CFO
and then discussed in the Executive Board and presented
to the Supervisory Board for its information.

The regular review of the risk management system by Internal
Audit as well as by external experts has generated a positive
result. The basis for the audit is the risk management handbook.
This handbook summarizes company-specific principles and
reflects the internationally recognized frameworks for enterprise
risk management and internal control systems of COSO (Commit-
tee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission).

DEVELOPMENT OF RISKS

The overall risk situation has been heightened by the COVID-
19 pandemic. However, we estimate that there are currently
no risks that, individually or in combination with other risks,
could have a material or lasting adverse effect on the earn-
ings, financial position and performance. The identified risks
pose no threat to the Company as a going concern, even look-
ing into the future.

1. Identification e >
+ Assessment of risk

potential by means

of target/actual

comparisons

Internal Audit

2. Assessment ee

+ Assessment of probability of
occurence and impact

+ Analysis of causes and consequences

monitors

uN

Y

4. Monitoring eee
+ Monitoring
+ Reporting

@ Decentralized risk manager @ Group Risk Officer

processes and
NG

3. Management ee
+ Develop and initiate measures

@ Executive Board/Supervisory Board

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

106


--- Page 33 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

Ci} To assess the overall risk situation, ProSiebenSat.1 Group
initially classifies all individual risks as part of the quarterly
assessment process, aggregates them and assigns them
to general risks. When assessing the overall risk situation,
ProSiebenSat.1 Group weights the risks according to their
assessment for the Group. The assessment of the overall risk
situation is thus the result of an aggregate analysis of the
main risk categories of the Group and its three segments
Entertainment, Dating and Commerce & Ventures.

In conjunction with the restructuring of its segments as of Jan-
uary 1, 2021, the Group also adapted its risk reporting and is thus
reporting its risks in line with the Entertainment, Dating and
Commerce & Ventures segment structure for the first time in
this Risk Report. The companies of the former Red Arrow Stu-
dios segment have been included in the Entertainment seg-
ment. In addition, in the Entertainment segment, the risks relat-
ing to reach development have been reported with general
sector risks. Given the close linkage of media usage behavior
and reach development, the two risks cannot be clearly sepa-
rated. We have therefore combined them in this report to pres-
ent a comprehensive and more meaningful overall picture.

ProSiebenSat.1 Group divides the risks at segment and Group
level into the categories of operating risks, finance risks,

OVERVIEW OF THE RELEVANT RISKS

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

compliance risks, strategic risks and non-financial risks. We
monitor all risks covered by the risk management process.
These are not necessarily the only risks that the Group faces.
However, we are not currently aware of any additional risks that
could impact our business activities, or we do not consider
them relevant in the context of this report. Risks with an over-
all risk assessment of low are not reported here; contingent
liabilities from possible compliance risks are presented under
4 Notes, note 31 “Contingent liabilities”

Ci} This Annual Report only presents relevant risks with a high
or very high potential impact; we do not report on risks with
a very low, low or medium potential impact here. However, if
a risk that currently has a very low, low or medium potential
impact changes into a risk with a high or very high poten-
tial impact, we will include this change in our future Risk
Reports. Conversely, ks which are currently rated as hav-
ing a high or very high impact are downgraded to a very low,
low or medium impact, such risks will not be described in

in this report except for the change compared to the
risk situation published in the Annual Report 2019 itself. The
evaluation of likelihood of occurrence and risk impact and
the general Group thresholds are unchanged compared to
the previous period.

Category Risk compared to essiere Probability Overall Risk
previous year
Group
Operating risks + General economic risks {>} Unchanged Very high Possible High
> Impairment risks @ increased Very high Unlikely Medium
Compliance risks + Compliance risks (>) Unchanged Very high Unlikely Medium
Segment Entertainment
Operating risks + General sector risks @ _ vecreasea Very high Unlikely Medium
» Sales risks Cv) Decreased Very high Possible High
» Risks of programming production @ increased Very high Unlikely Medium
Segment Dating
Operating risks + General sector risks New Very high Unlikely Medium
Segment Commerce & Ventures
Operating risks + General sector risks (7) Increased Very high Unlikely Medium
» Sales risks (1) Increased High Unlikely Medium
© unchanged @ creased @ decreased
Group Management Report 107

Risk and Opportunity Report


--- Page 34 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

OVERVIEW OF THE TOP RISKS

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

© Of

very high Ys)

3 :
20,000
. el]
«
g 10,000
a
#
£
* medium
8
8
E 4,000
low
1,000
very low
° 10 30 50 80 100
very unlikely possible likely very
unlikely likely
Likelihood in %

@ High Medium @ Low

Group

@ ceneral economic risks

(2) Impairment risks

oe Compliance risks

Segment Entertainment

© ceneral sector risks

@ sales risks

© Bisks of programming production (national and international):)

Segment Dating

@ ceneral sector risks

Segment Commerce & Ventures

© ceneral sector risks

© sales risks

Graphic is not to scale. This Annual Report only presents relevant risks with a high or very high potential impact; we do not report on risks with a very low, low or

medium potential impact here.

GROUP LEVEL
Operating Risks

General economic risks: The COVID-19 pandemic has triggered
severe economic crises in many regions of the world. Accord-
ing to the October forecast of the International Monetary Fund
(IMF), global gross domestic product will decline by 3.5% in real
terms in 2020. The German economy also suffered substan-
tially as a result of the unfavorable external conditions and the
many domestic restrictions. German GDP declined by 5% ona
full-year basis. Contrary to initial fears, the impact of COVID-
19 protection measures was much less in the fourth quarter
compared to the beginning of the year. GDP growth in the last
quarter is believed to have been virtually flat in comparison to
the previous quarter. Areas of the economy affected less, such
as construction and industries which are particularly crucial to
the economy, continued to recover. The retail industry also per-
formed well, thanks in part to strong e-commerce.

There are good prospects that the German economy will return
to growth in 2021. This is backed up by the recently surpris-
ingly robust domestic economy and the development of key

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

confidence indicators. At the same time, the anticipated recov-
ery of the global economy is expected to deliver a significant
growth stimulus. Given the measures taken to curb the pan-
demic and the comprehensive range of vaccines on offer, the
IMF is currently anticipating positive growth of 5.5% in real
terms. However, the greatest risk lies in how the pandemic will
progress: If the restrictions — both national and international -
are pro-longed or stepped up, renewed and possibly substan-
tial setbacks are to be expected.

In view of this, we consider the general economic risks to be
unchanged andstill rate their likelinood of occurrence as possible.
If they occur, we therefore cannot completely rule outa very high
financial impact. We therefore still rate this overall as a high risk.
+ Development of Economy and Advertising Market Future Business and

Industry Environment

Impairment risks: The risk of the potential impairment of intan-
gible assets is rising as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.
ProSiebenSat.] Group is responding to this by closely monitor-
ing future developments. Impairment risks are now rated over-
all as a medium risk with a potentially very high impact and
an unlikely likelihood of occurrence. + Notes, note 2 “Accounting
Principles”

108


--- Page 35 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

Finance Risks

The Group is exposed to various finance risks in its operating
and financing activities. These include financing risk, counter-
party risk, interest rate risk, currency risk and liquidity risk. The
assessment of counterparty risks has fallen over the course of
2020. We now rate them as low overall. They are therefore not
discussed in any further detail in this report. # Borrowings and
Financing Structure

The assessment and management of finance risks is coordinated
centrally. To this end, the Group Finance & Treasury department
analyzes the development in the markets, derives potential
opportunities and losses for ProSiebenSat.] Group on this basis,
and regularly assesses the risk situation. The measures required
are defined in close cooperation with the Group's Executive
Board. Principles, tasks, and responsibilities are defined on a
Group-wide basis and regulated via binding guidelines for all
subsidiaries of ProSiebenSat.] Group.

Compliance Risks

General compliance risks (including statutory reporting
requirements, antitrust law, legal proceedings): Digital devel-
opment is posing legislators with new challenges, and compa-
nies are facing increasingly dense regulation, particularly in the
areas of consumer and data protection. The resulting overall risk
assessment has not changed for us compared to the previous
year: We rate compliance risks as a medium risk with a poten-
tially very high impact and an unlikely likelihood of occurrence.
To prevent possible legal violations, we closely monitor develop-
ments in the law in order to respond to changes appropriately.
Together with policymakers and industry, the Group is aiming
to promote the opportunities of digitization to strengthen Ger-
many as a site for business and innovation in the long term. The
following issues are currently top priorities:

The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) came into
effect in May 2018 and is intended to create a uniform legal
framework for processing personal data. This is a key step
towards harmonizing data protection in Europe. However, the
resulting rights and obligations in the area of online advertis-
ing can still not yet be fully assessed. This applies in particular
to the requirements for data processing for online advertising
to specific target groups. The online advertising industry has
therefore founded a number of initiatives, such as the Trans-
parency & Consent Framework, now in version 2.0 (TCF 2.0),
to enable operators to request users’ consent as required by
data protection law. It is not yet clear whether the authorities
in charge will recognize the TCF mechanism. The TCF’s failure
could harm the ProSiebenSat.] Group's advertising-financed
business model, as it would make it much harder to obtain the
permissions required for advertising feeds. We are also antic-
ipating further legislative action on consent requirements for
cookies and other online identifiers in Germany; also, a draft
law on data protection in telecommunications and teleservices
could further restrict central user recognition for the online
advertising industry.

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

Various legislative initiatives are intended to give consumers
more rights. In particular, consumers are to be given more rights
in relation to guarantees for digital content/services and for
commerce. One example at European level is the “New Deal for
Consumers”, which became effective at the start of 2020. We
expect that the measures will be implemented at national level
by the end of 2021. Plans include changes to the right to cancel
contracts and new transparency regulations for online market-
places. If this EU Directive was not complied with, a provider
could face fines of up to 4% of its annual revenues. Among other
things, the Federal Ministry of Justice is also seeking stricter
regulation of contracts with longer terms with its bill for fair
consumer contracts.

Far-reaching changes are also planned in antitrust law. The
introduction of the Act against Restraints of Competition is to
subject digital enterprises that dominate the market to stricter
supervision as regards any abuses. A possible ex ante regula-
tion on digital platforms and the introduction of a potential
new competition instrument to tackle structural competition
problems are being discussed on European level. This would
be a key step towards creating a uniform competitive playing
field in Europe.

Finally, the planned reform of the copyright contract law is also
relevant. This relates in particular to the exchange of data and the
already practiced principle of appropriate and proportionate
remuneration. The impact on ProSiebenSat.] Group cannot be
foreseen at present, as the exact construct is unclear.

ENTERTAINMENT SEGMENT
Operating Risks

General sector risks (including consumer trends and reach
development): Television remains the most important mass
medium, in terms of both reach and media usage time. How-
ever, the rising use of the Internet has changed media usage
behavior. For a long time now, TV content for example has
been used not only linearly and on TV sets but also on mobile
devices such as laptops and smartphones. The digital trans-
formation is advancing ever more rapidly and the popularity
of Internet-based video content will continue to rise signifi-
cantly. Streaming platforms with own content, for instance,
are therefore gaining in importance. These forms of use are
very popular among younger viewers in particular. Today, 15%
of all TV use by 14- to 29-year-olds is not on a TV set but rather
on a smartphone, tablet or PC/laptop. We have designed our
strategy on this basis and are steadily expanding our portfolio.
One example in this strategic context was the launch of Joyn
as a cross-channel streaming platform that bundles the video
content of ProSiebenSat.] Group's and Discovery's free TV sta-
tions and other partners ona single platform.

109


--- Page 36 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

The Group serves additional media usage interests by dissem-
inating its content through as many channels as possible and
not being tied to any one platform. This way, ProSiebenSat.] is
expanding its digital reach and, at the same time, bolstering
the brand profile of its classic portfolio of broadcasters. At the
same time, our in-house productions primarily focus on the key
advertising period of prime time. In 2020, our broadcast family
increased its market share for this time slot by 0.6 percentage
points compared to 2019 (viewers aged 14 to 49). In light of this,
we feel that the risks of a change in video usage are lower and
therefore consider their likelinood of occurance to be unlikely.
However, in the event of a fundamental change, we cannot
completely rule out a very high financial impact. We rate this
as a medium risk overall. 9 Group Environment

Sales risks: Competition with global platform providers has
intensified. This entails the risk for ProSiebenSat.1 Group
that advertising customers could be less willing to invest
or prices for TV advertising could fall. We cannot rule out
avery high impact on our revenue development in the TV adver-
tising market, although we are pursuing a digital and cross-
platform entertainment strategy. This development has been
taken into account more stringently in our financial planning
than in the previous year of 2019, which has also changed
our risk assessment: The likelihood of occurrence of sales risks
is now considered possible, hence we have lowered our assess-
ment of sales risk compared to the previous year. We continue

to rate this as a high risk overall. # Future Business and Industry
Environment

Risks of programming production (national and inter-
national): The production market was hugely impacted by the
effects of the pandemic in 2020: On the one hand, it was only
possible to produce programming content in a reduced form
while, on the other, productions that were already underway
had to be halted in both Europe and the US. Many productions
were confronted with obstacles such as the shutdown of film-
ing locations, logistical challenges, extensive hygiene processes
and social distancing. While a certain improvement is expected
for 2021, there is still a great deal of uncertainty regarding how
COVID-19 will develop. The risks of programming production
have thus increased compared to the end of 2019: We now rate
this as a medium risk with a potentially very high impact. We
still consider the likelihood of occurrence to be unlikely.

DATING SEGMENT
Operating Risks

General sector risks: The market for dating and social enter-
tainment has achieved a high level of consumer acceptance
in just a few years and it is enjoying a dynamic development.
However, regulatory changes and intervention at national and
international level could lead to risks for the Dating segment’s
established business model. In particular, this could result in
restrictions on, for example, free product design and pricing,
which could negatively influence the development of revenues
and earnings on the grounds of liability risks in the medium to
long term. The competition is also fierce. As a result, there is a
risk that consumer demand will change very rapidly as a result
of new market players and technologies. The segment's digital

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

business model also entails the risk of a dependence on third-
party providers, e.g. for processing payments, providing video
services or compliance with the rules on personalized advertis-
ing on mobile devices. Changes in these relationships as well as
a rise in restrictive regulatory requirements for new and exist-
ing technologies could have a negative impact on revenues.

We are monitoring these developments regularly in order
to assess negative changes early on so that we can initiate
countermeasures. If signs of regulatory changes emerge, work
is done proactively on alternative services to counteract poten-
tially negative impacts if the risks occur. By constantly refining
the digital product offering, the Group is also aiming to secure a
long-term competitive edge on the market in order to counter-
act these risks. Against the backdrop of these measures, cou-
pled with the very positive development of the dating and social
entertainment market, we rate the general industry risks as a
medium risk overall with an unlikely likelihood of occurrence. If
critical changes were to occur, the impact would be very high.

COMMERCE & VENTURES SEGMENT
Operating Risks

General sector risks: The general sector risks for Commerce &
Ventures have increased overall compared to the end of 2019
on account of the COVID-19 pandemic. Firstly, the general eco-
nomic situation had a potentially negative impact on the eco-
nomic situation of our business and cooperation partners and,
secondly, there is the impact of the COVID-19 travel and exit
restrictions. The various sectors relevant to us are developing
differently, but we nonetheless consider the general sector risks
to be a medium risk overall with a potentially very high impact
and an unlikely likelinood of occurrence.

Sales risks: Increased competitor activity could cause selling
expenses in connection with customer acquisition in the Com-
merce & Ventures segment to rise. To contain these risks, Com-
merce & Ventures is working on even closer communication
with customers, and it is expanding its portfolio, for example
with apps or protected portals that offer value added for cus-
tomers such as personalized additional information. We now
rate the resulting sales risks as a medium risk with a potentially
high impact. We previously considered the risk potential to be
low with a medium impact; we continue to rate the likelihood
of occurrence as unlikely.

To


--- Page 37 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

WDISCLOSURES ON THE INTERNAL CONTROL AND
RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM IN RELATION TO

THE (CONSOLIDATED) REPORTING PROCESS WITH
EXPLANATORY NOTES

The internal control and risk management system in rela-
tion to the reporting process is intended to ensure that
transactions are appropriately reflected in the Consoli-
dated Financial Statements of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE
(in accordance with the International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRS”) effective at the end of the report-
ing period, as adopted by the European Union, and in
accordance with the ad. ional requirements of German
commercial law pursuant to Sec. 315e (1) of the German
Commercial Code (HGB)) and that assets and liabilities
are recognized, measured and presented appropriately.
This presupposes Group compliance with legal and com-
pany requirements. The scope and focus of the imple-
mented systems were defined by the Executive Board
to meet the specific needs of ProSiebenSat.1 Group.
They are regularly reviewed and updated as necessary.
Nevertheless, even appropriate and properly functioning
systems cannot offer any absolute assurance that all risks
will be identified and controlled. The company-specific
principles and procedures to ensure that the Group’s
single-entity and consolidated reporting is effective and
correct are described below.

GOALS OF THE RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM IN
REGARD TO FINANCIAL REPORTING PROCESSES
The Executive Board of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE views
the internal control system with regard to the financial
reporting process as a component of the Group-wide
risk management system. Controls are implemented in
order to provide an adequate assurance that despite of
the identified risks inherent in recognition, measure-
ment and presentation, the single-entity and Consoli-
dated Financial Statements will be in full compliance
with regulations. The principal goals of a risk manage-
ment system in regard to single-entity and consolidated
reporting processes:
— To identify risks that might jeopardize the goal
of providing Consolidated Financial Statements
and Group Management Report that comply with
regulations.
— To limit risks that are already known by identifying
and implementing appropriate countermeasures.
— To analyze known risks as to their potential influence
on the (Consolidated) Financial Statements, and to
take these risks duly into account.

In addition, our process descriptions and our risk control
matrices are subject to an annual review. This ensures
that the descriptions are up-to-date and thus also brings
about the establishment of continually effective control

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

mechanisms. By way of updates, the findings of these
reviews and the findings of regular control tests becomean
integral part of the internal control and risk management
system in relation to the (consolidated) reporting process.
On the basis of the test results there is an assessment
of whether the controls are appropriate and effective.
Any identified deficienci in the controls are eliminated,
taking into account their potential impact.

ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE

— The single-entity financial statements that are
incorporated into the Consolidated Financial
Statements are prepared using standardized
software.

— The input data are then consolidated to form the
Consolidated Financial Statements using stable
market-based standardized software.

— The financial statements of the individual entities
are prepared in compliance with local financial
reporting standards, the input data in compliance
with the accounting and reporting manual based
on IFRS, which is made available to all employees
involved in the reporting process. The individual
entities included in the Consolidated Financial
Statements provide their input data to the Group
Accounting & Reporting department in a specified
format.

— The financial systems employed are protected
with appropriate access authorizations and controls
(authorization concepts).

— For the purposes of the Consolidated Financial
Statements, there is a standardized chart of
accounts, which must be followed in recording
the various relevant transactions.

— Certain matters relevant to reporting (e.g. expert
opinions with regard to pension provisions) are
determined with the assistance of external experts.

— The principal functions of the reporting process
- accounting, taxes, controlling, and treasury —
are clearly separated. Areas of responsibility are
assigned without ambiguity.

— The departments and other units involved in the
reporting process are provided with adequate
resources in terms of both quantity and quality.
Regular professional training sessions are held to
ensure that financial statements are prepared
at a consistent and reliable level of quality.

— An appropriate system of guidelines (e.g. IFRS-based
accounting and reporting manual, intercompany
transfer pricing guideline, purchasing guideline,
travel expense guideline, etc.) has been set up
and is updated as necessary. The efficiency of the
internal control system in regard to processes
relevant to financial reporting is reviewed ona
sample basis by the Internal Audit unit, which is
independent of the process.

m


--- Page 38 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders 9 Group Management Report + Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

PROCESS ORGANIZATION

— For the planning, monitoring, and optimization of
the process of preparing the Consolidated Financial
Statements, the Company uses tools that include

milestones are assigned specific deadlines.
Compliance with reporting duties and deadlines
is monitored centrally by Group Accounting.

— In all accounting-related processes, controls are
implemented such as the separation of functions,
the dual-control principle, approval and release
procedures, and plausibility testing.

— Tasks for the preparation of the Consolidated
Financial Statements are clearly assigned (e.g.
reconciliation of intragroup balances, capital
consolidation, monitoring of reporting deadlines
and reporting quality with regard to the data
of consolidated companies, etc.). The Group
Accounting & Reporting department is the central
point of contact for specific technical questions
and complex accounting issues.

— All material information included in the Consolidated
Financial Statements is subjected to extensive
systematic validation to ensure the data is complete
and reliable.

— Risks that relate to the consolidated accounting pro-
cess are recorded and monitored continually as part
of the risk management process described in the
Risk Report.

Group Management Report 12
Risk and Opportunity Report


--- Page 39 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

OPPORTUNITY REPORT

OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT

Growth opportunities are identified as part of the Group's
opportunity management and are specified in the planning
process. Our opportunity management is part of the intra-
group management system. The aim is to identify and seize
opportunities as soon as possible using suitable measures. At
ProSiebenSat.] Group, the management of opportunities is
decentrally organized in the business units and is supported
and coordinated by the “Group Strategy & Corporate Develop-
ment” department. The department is in close contact with
the individual operational units. This allows the department
to gain detailed insights into the business situation. In addi-
tion, market and competition analyses and sharing experiences
with external experts are important sources to identify growth
opportunities for ProSiebenSat.] Group.

ProSiebenSat.]1 records the defined opportunities as part
of its strategic planning. Relevant growth opportunities are
prioritized, specific objectives are derived, and measures and
resources for operational target attainment are determined.
+ Strategy and Management System

EXPLANATORY NOTES ON KEY
OPPORTUNITIES

We have incorporated opportunities that we consider to be
likely in our forecast for 2021 and in our mid-term planning until
2025. We report on these growth opportunities in the Company
Outlook. In addition, there is potential that has not yet been or
not fully been budgeted for; we describe these possible positive

OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT

Input from internal
and operating units

Sharing experiences
with external experts

budget variances in the section below if they are material and
important for the planning period until 2025. # Company Outlook

Synergies from networking business areas. The connecting
of our segments and business areas gives rise to diverse and
mutual synergies. This is an important competitive advantage.
From Januar 1, 2021, ProSiebenSat.1 Group's three reporting seg-
ments are Entertainment, Dating and Commerce & Ventures,
continuing the consistent structuring of the Group according
to synergy and value creation. In this context, Red Arrow Stu-
dios’ production and distribution business, as well as the digital
studio Studio71, is integrated into the Entertainment segment.
ProSiebenSat.] thus recognizes the strategic proximity of the
two businesses, as Red Arrow Studios is focusing in particular
on producing more content for the Group’s entertainment plat-
forms. 9 Strategy and Objectives

The new Commerce & Ventures segment includes the invest-
ment arm SevenVentures and the companies of NuCom Group.
In this way, the Group's minority and majority investment areas,
which ProSiebenSat.] establishes with media services and sup-
port and which thus contribute to the Group's growth strategy,
are bundled here. At the same time, synergies between the
Entertainment and Commerce & Ventures segments and the
resulting value creation can thus arise and be strengthened
in a sustainable manner. For example, products and services
from consumer internet areas are particularly suitable for video
advertising on TV as well as our digital entertainment platforms.
At the same time, we can use our consumer-oriented platforms
to build up extensive knowledge about consumption data
and thus offer advertising customers added value. Business
Activities and Segments

Observation of the market
and the competition

[

Strategy Planning

nN

ay

Analyzing and Assessing and

identifying

ot ae

Defining measures
and resources to achieve
operating targets

1g
specific objects

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

13


--- Page 40 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

The core of our strategy is the best possible use of synergies.
This aim is also the basis for investment decisions: If interesting
companies add value to the existing portfolio, ProSiebenSat.1
can exploit potential beyond the merchantable cost and reve-
nue synergies. The acquisition of The Meet Group in 2020, which
expanded Parship Group's portfolio, took place in this context.
Hitherto Parship Group was present in the German-speaking
countries and Benelux with its brands Parship, ElitePartner and
eharmony and in the US via eharmony. The newly founded Par-
shipMeet Group, which is bundled in the Dating segment, now
covers the entire spectrum of this business, from social dating
via video to online matchmaking. The aim for the upcoming
months is to integrate The Meet Group's brands and to pro-
mote organic growth, e.g. through the exchange of marketing
and business know-how. At the same time, the Group has iden-
tified networking potential with the entertainment business:
For example, the companies will share their experiences in the
area of video. This could generate additional revenue opportu-
nities for the entire Group. % Strategy and Objectives

Entry into new, fast-growing business areas and portfolio
focusing. ProSiebenSat.] follows various M&A approaches and
frequently uses its vehicles - SevenVentures or NuCom Group
—to first acquire a minority interest or invests in companies via
media services (media-for-equity and/or media-for-revenue
participations). In accordance with the “reach meets business
idea” principle, ProSiebenSat.] can thus acquire knowledge of
new market and business models, establish brands and accel-
erate companies’ growth without high business risks. Raising
brand awareness quickly is a decisive competitive factor, espe-
cially for young companies in an early stage of development.
We therefore offer start-ups TV advertising as a special form
of start-up financing and can acquire companies at favorable
multiples. This is a key pillar of our M&A strategy and at the
same time a central competitive advantage, especially over
global platform providers.

Once a company has successfully passed through the initial
growth phases that can be followed by the next stages of devel-
opment, ProSiebenSat.1 Group also makes larger acquisitions.
One example of this is the acquisition of The Meet Group in the
past financial year. Its portfolio synergizes with Parship Group
and makes a significant contribution to the Group’s revenue
diversification. The initial investment in the areas of online
matchmaking was made via a media-for-revenue participa-
tion in Parship in 2012. In the subsequent years, ProSiebenSat.1
acquired a majority stake and other online dating brands.
An IPO for ParshipMeet Group, which was created via this
buy-and-build strategy, is under consideration for 2022,
whereby ProSiebenSat.] would continue to hold a majority
stake. ParshipMeet Group operates in a highly profitable and
rapidly growing market.

The Group regularly evaluates the synergy potential of its port-
folio. If certain businesses no longer have a sufficient affinity
with TV, we sell these well-developed commerce brands to a
more suitable owner. In this way, the Group is focusing its port-
folio, giving itself financial freedom for future value-creating
investments — such as in the consumer internet sector. Against
this background, ProSiebenSat.] sold WindStar in the second
half of 2020. WindStar belonged to ProSiebenSat.] since 2016
and significantly increased its brand awareness via advertising.

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

The enterprise value increased by a multiple of 2.4 in just four
years. The transaction is further proof of ProSiebenSat.1’s suc-
cessful strategy to establish market leaders by leveraging
media services and thus generate a significant return on pur-
chase prices.

Data-based business models and digitalization of TV adver-
tising. Global platform providers such as Google, Facebook
and Netflix also have great market power thanks to their data-
based business models. Because of their size, they can influ-
ence usage habits. This is particularly true with regard to young
people's media usage. ProSiebenSat.] Group began to expand
its offerings accordingly at an early stage and to evolve from a
traditional TV company into a digital group with a diversified
business portfolio. Today, we offer attractive content on all
platforms and the appropriate service for every form of use.
Once example is the joint venture Joyn, a free media library
among other things for shows from our TV stations. Television
can therefore be watched online regardless of time or place.
We will continue to press ahead with the digital transforma-
tion of ProSiebenSat.] Group. At the same time, it is increas-
ingly important to establish and build upon data-based busi-
ness models.

The European netID Foundation plays an important role here:
The industry initiative helps online providers to implement
the General Data Protection Regulation that came into force
in May 2018 with the aim of establishing netID as the stan-
dard login system in Europe and thus to offer a more secure
alternative to US providers. In addition to ProSiebenSat.1,
media and technology companies such as Axel Springer SE
(“Axel Springer”), Mediengruppe RTL Deutschland GmbH
(“Mediengruppe RTL Deutschland”) and United Internet AG
(“United Internet”) with the brands web.de and GMX are back-
ing this new market standard. From 2021, Deutsche Telekom
AG (“Deutsche Telekom’) is also a netID account provider. Users
can thus directly log in to all netID partner sites using their Tele-
kom accounts without having to register again. The aim on the
one hand is to quickly move away from third-party cookies in
online marketing and on the other hand to achieve emanci-
pation from the US players. Within the framework of the legal
possibilities, we will increasingly use data on our digital plat-
forms and online TV use in order to address target groupsina
more personalized way.

Digitalization also offers us new sales opportunities: In the
future, it will also be possible to broadcast TV advertising that
is more targeted, adapted to context or even personalized. For
instance, ProSiebenSat.] was the first TV group in Germany to
broadcast Addressable TV spots using the HbbTV as a techno-
logical standard. In 2020, over 1,000 Addressable TV campaigns
were booked in total, more than 200 of which were spot cam-
paigns. These advertisements combine the high reach of tra-
ditional television with the opportunities provided by digital
advertising, from target-group-oriented to the device-specific
insertion of ads. Data-based forms of advertising have high
potential for growth. Television advertising will thus take on
new dimensions, become more interesting to viewers and thus
even more valuable in comparison to other media.

14


--- Page 41 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

Another milestone in digital marketing is the CrossDevice-
Bridge, which augments conventional television advertising
with additional digital contacts and vice versa. Since Decem-
ber 2020, the CrossDevice-Bridge has for the first time enabled
our advertising customers to plan and adapt TV and digital
advertising campaigns across devices. From now on, customers
no longer book the medium via which they wish to broadcast
their advertisement, but the quantity and frequency of contacts
that they want to generate. This makes cross-media advertis-
ing planning significantly easier and faster. Seven.One Media
already addresses a total of 37 million households via the Cross-
Device-Bridge, covering most digital media use in Germany.

ADDITIONAL OPPORTUNITIES FROM THE
DEVELOPMENT OF THE ECONOMIC
CONDITIONS

The Group has based its full-year outlook for 2021 on the spe-
cific assumptions regarding future economic conditions. Pos-
itive deviations from these key planning assumptions could
additionally accelerate the growth of the entire Group. This is
particularly true of a more favorable development of the adver-
tising environment than described in the Company Outlook.
+ Company Outlook

Group Management Report
Risk and Opportunity Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements

115


--- Page 42 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders 9 Group Management Report 9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

OVERALL ASSESSMENT FROM THE MANAGEMENT'S VIEW: FORECAST FOR 2021

roSiebenSat.] Group is well positioned for the financial years ahead. We have a solid financial

basis underpinned by a clear corporate strategy reflecting the key trends of our various business

areas. We are focusing in particular on the increasing synergies between our business areas,
growth of our digital activities in our Entertainment and Commerce & Ventures business and
in particular the Dating area. In addition to organic growth, i.e. adjusted for consolidation and
currency effects, focused portfolio management after close examination of all opportunities and
risks also plays an important role here.

FUTURE BUSINESS AND
INDUSTRY ENVIRONMENT

The entire global economy was adversely affected by the spread
of the coronavirus in 2020. There is a considerable uncertainty
as to how the economy will develop in 2021, as this is highly
dependent on how the pandemic progresses. The availabil-
ity of a vaccine and the weather conditions give reasons to
expect a significant easing from spring and summer onwards.
However, it remains open at this point in time how fast such
easing will occur, how sustainable it may be and for how long
protective measures must be retained. This uncertainty is also
reflected in economic forecasts, with the International Mone-
tary Fund currently anticipating a 5.5% upturn in global eco-
nomic output in 2021. It expects 5.1% growth in the US. For the
eurozone, it forecasts a plus of 4.2%. Current forecasts for the
German economy in 2021 range from growth of 3.0% (Annual
Economic Report of the Federal Government) to 4.9% (Leibniz
Institute for Economic Research, RWI).

Experts agree that the economic recovery will be driven chiefly
by private consumption. Disposable household incomes in Ger-
many rose less in 2020 than in previous years, but still grew
(+ 0.8%) thanks to the relative stability of the labour market. At
the same time, restrictions on consumption boosted savings.
As a result, the savings rate has increased to a record level of
16.3% (2019: 10.9%). People are expected to make increased use
of their accumulated savings in 2021 once the current lockdown
restrictions are eased. Moreover, 2022 gives rise to hope, with
all major economic research institutes predicting that growth
will continue to accelerate.

Group Management Report
Outlook

The greatest risk to the economy remains an adverse devel-
opment of the pandemic in Germany and abroad. A higher
financial burden on account of the sharp rise in national debt,
more company insolvencies and a sustained shift in consumer
demand towards e-commerce also pose risks in the medium
term. On the flip side, consumption could pick up faster and
on a larger scale than currently expected if the pandemic sit-
uation develops well.

FORECAST FOR GDP IN COUNTRIES IMPORTANT FOR
PROSIEBENSAT.1 GROUP in %, real terms, change vs. previous year

4.2 45 3.0 5.1

| | I I

6.0

5.0

4.0

3.0

2.0

GER AT CH USA

2021 e (Estimate).

Sources: GER: ifo Economic Forecast, winter 2020 from December 16, 2020.
AT: WIFO, Economic Outlook, December 18, 2020.

CH: SECO, Economic Forecast, December 15, 2020.

USA: IMF, World Economic Outlook, January 2021

16


--- Page 43 ---

9 Content 4 To Our Shareholders

FORECAST FOR PRIVATE CONSUMPTION IN COUNTRIES
IMPORTANT FOR PROSIEBENSAT.1 GROUP

in %, real terms, change vs. previous year

+ Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

FORECAST FOR NET ADVERTISING MARKETS IN
COUNTRIES IMPORTANT FOR PROSIEBENSAT.1 GROUP

in %, real terms, change vs. previous year

4.5 5.9 41 2.8 7.9 2.5 4.9
6.0 8.0
5.0 7.0
4.0 6.0
3.0 5.0
2.0 4.0
1.0 3.0
° 2.0

GER AT cH USA

1.0

2021 e (Estimate). °
Sources: GER: ifo Economic Forecast, winter 2020 from December 16, 2020. GER AT cH

AT: WIFO, Economic Outlook, December 18, 2020.
CH: SECO, Economic Forecast, December 15, 2020.
USA: IMF, World Economic Outlook, October 2020.

PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH (“PricewaterhouseCoopers”)
expects the entertainment market to have a volume of around
EUR 38 billion overall in 2021, representing growth of around
6% in consumer spending. Spending on digital entertainment
services should then reach around EUR 17 billion (2020: around
EUR 16 billion), with the streaming sector enjoying particularly
dynamic growth. By 2024, the digital entertainment market
looks set to generate annual growth of 6%, while the traditional
entertainment market - including e.g. print, TV or concerts - will
likely see average annual growth of 2% in this period. Nonethe-
less, the COVID-19 pandemic means that there is still a consid-
erable degree of uncertainty when it comes to future consumer
spending on entertainment. This is also true of the advertising
industry as a whole.

Media agencies Magna Global and ZenithOptimedia expect
total net advertising spending to decline by 4.6% and 3.1%
respectively in 2020 as a result of COVID-19. Magna Global and
ZenithOptimedia estimate that the net decline in TV adver-
tising investment will come to 11.0% and 9.0% respectively.
Current forecasts for 2021 are far more positive. Both agency
groups anticipate growth in their December 2020 forecasts
— both for the advertising market as a whole (Magna Global:
+7.9%; ZenithOptimedia: +2.5%) and for the TV advertising mar-
ket (Magna Global: +5.0%; ZenithOptimedia: up 1.0%). In-stream
video advertising is likely to continue its dynamic development
and drive growth on the online advertising market. Despite this,
forecasting uncertainty is high, particularly as figures do not yet
account for the new national lockdown imposed in Germany
that was tightened at the start of 2021.

Group Management Report
Outlook

2021 e (Estimate)

Source: Magna Global, Global Advertising Forecast December 2020, figures
adjusted on a net basis, nonetheless methodological differences between
different countries and sources.

Despite the COVID-19 pandemic, retail in Germany can look
back on a surprisingly positive year, reaching a new record. By
2024, the German e-commerce market is likely to be amount to
EUR 120.4 billion. According to the Institute of Retail Research
in Cologne, average annual growth between 2020 and 2024 is
thus expected to come to 9.4%, with online retail’s share of retail
rising to 16.5% by 2024 (2020: 13.1%). The beauty and lifestyle
sector is also showing the same trends. Annual growth here is
expected to come to 3%, with the online market share increas-
ing from 9% to 14% by 2024 from ProSiebenSat.1's perspective.
Overview of relevant market environments for the Commerce
& Ventures segment:

EXPECTED DEVELOPMENT OF MARKET ENVIRONMENTS
FOR SECTORS RELEVANT TO PROSIEBENSAT.1

Sector Outlook

Beauty & lifestyle 3% pa. until 2024

Consumer advice 6% pa. until 2023

Experiences 6% pa. until 2024

Sources: Beauty & Lifestyle: Euromonitor 2019. Consumer Advice: Eurostat
Monitor 2019, German Federal Network Agency (Federal Cartel Office), VATM
Federal Motor Transport Authority and Schufa. Experiences: OC&C strategy
market model

The COVID-19 pandemic has expanded the use of online ser-
vices in many consumer markets. This can also be seen in the
dating market, where establishing contacts online correlates
with rising digital usage habits. Digital channels are now a com-
mon means of communication and help to establish or deepen
social interactions. Lockdowns in 2020 led to a particular rise
in the numbers of people meeting over video call. The entire
online dating and matchmaking market will experience growth
of up to 8% p.a. in the period up to 2022 (CAGR 2019-2022).
9 Group Environment

17


--- Page 44 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

COMPANY OUTLOOK

Forecast

ProSiebenSat.] Group pursues a clear strategy aiming at
sustainable and profitable growth. As the macroeconomic
development in ProSiebenSat.] Group's core markets remains
uncertain also in financial year 2021 due to the ongoing COVID-
19 pandemic, the Group has decided to provide ranges for its
revenue and adjusted EBITDA outlook that take this environ-
ment into account. In line with the government measures in
the core markets of Germany, Austria and Switzerland known
by the time the 2020 Annual Report was prepared on Febru-
ary 25, 2021, the Group has taken into account in its outlook
adverse effects on the business that are foreseeable as a result
of the COVID-19-related restrictions in place at the beginning
of 2021. Further restrictions which could additionally impact
the ProSiebenSat.] business are not reflected in this outlook.

For ProSiebenSat.] Group, the main currency apart from the
Euro remains the US Dollar, especially after the acquisition of The
Meet Group. The Group anticipates an US Dollar share in Group
revenues for 2021 of c. 20% and for adjusted EBITDA of c. 15%.
An average strengthening or weakening of the US Dollar in
relation to the Euro by 1 Cent over the entire financial year
impacts Group revenues by c. EUR7 million and adjusted
EBITDA by c. EUR IT million. For the outlook regarding all fol-
lowing figures, the Group uses a EUR/USD exchange range of
c. USD 1.22 to the Euro in financial year 2021.

On this basis, for the 2021 financial year the Group is targeting
-without further portfolio changes — revenues of EUR 4.150 bil-
lion as the lower end of the target range and revenues of
EUR 4.350 billion as the upper end of the target range after a
previous-year figure of EUR 4.055 billion (adjusted for currency
and portfolio effects).’ In financial year 2021, Group revenue
growth would thus be in a range between 2% and 7%. The range
of the target figures depends particularly on the development
of advertising revenues in the region of Germany, Austria and
Switzerland in the context of the further course of the COVID-
19 pandemic. For the lower end of the revenue target range,
the Group assumes a year-on-year decline of 2% in advertising
revenues in the region of Germany, Austria and Switzerland; a
year-on-year advertising revenue growth of 4% in the region of
Germany, Austria and Switzerland is the basis for the upper
end of the revenue target range. In all scenarios, the Group
assumes that particularly the first quarter will be impacted by
lockdown-related restrictions and a subsequent fast recovery
of the advertising market is to be expected.

Based on the revenue assumptions above, for the full-year of 2021
ProSiebenSat.1 anticipates a Group adjusted EBITDA — without

further portfolio changes — of EUR 720 million as the lower end
of the target range and EUR 780 million as the upper end of
the target range after a previous-year figure of EUR 708 million
(adjusted for currency and portfolio effects)?. For the full-year,
program costs are expected to amount to c. EUR 1 billion, with
over half of this relating to local content and with a possibility of
being varied in the amount of around EUR 50 million depend-
ing on the development of the advertising market.

The adjusted net income of the Group is mainly determined
by the development of the adjusted EBITDA. Furthermore, this
key figure is influenced by the financial result, which includes
among others the at-equity investment in the streaming plat-
form Joyn, and by income taxes. On this basis and without fur-
ther portfolio changes, the Group expects that the adjusted
net income for the full year 2021 should be above the previous
year's figure of EUR 221 million.

From 2021, the adjusted operating free cash flow replaces the
free cash flow before M&A as the relevant cash flow perfor-
mance indicator for the Group. The adjusted operating free
cash flow is based on the development of the adjusted EBITDA.
Reaching a midpoint of the adjusted EBITDA target range, the
Group assumes that the adjusted operating free cash flow for
the full-year, - for reasons of comparability corrected for the
change of IFRS 16 investments in relation to the construction
of the new campus at the premises in Unterféhring — should
develop in a mid-double-digit million euro range around the
previous year’s figure of EUR 424 million.

ProSiebenSat.] Group measures the mid-term financial success
of the company on the basis of P7S1 ROCE (return on capital
employed). The Group introduced this key financial indicator as
a key figure for the entire Group in 2020. In financial year 2021,
we target a P7S1 ROCE of more than 10% (previous year: 10%).
For the Group as a whole, this key figure is expected to exceed
15% in the mid-term. 9 Strategy and Management System

ProSiebenSat.] aims for a leverage ratio (the ratio of the Group’s
net financial debt to its LTM adjusted EBITDA) in a range
between 1.5x and 2.5x. At the end of 2021, the Group antici-
pates —- depending on business performance and not including
any portfolio changes - a leverage ratio slightly above or at the
upper end of the target corridor (previous year: 2.8x).

The development of audience shares is ProSiebenSat.1 Group's
most important non-financial performance indicator. For finan-
cial year 2021, the Group expects to maintain its leading posi-
tion with regard to audience shares in the advertising-relevant
target group of 14- to 49-year-olds at a high level.

1 Based on revenues in financial year 2020 translated at the exchange rates used for planning purposes in financial year 2021 less revenues of the companies deconsoli
dated in 2020 - WindStar Medical at EUR 114 million and myLoc at EUR 10 million - plus pro forma revenues for The Meet Group between January and August 2020 of
EUR 173 million, also translated at the exchange rate used for planning purposes in financial year 2021

2 Based on adjusted EBITDA in financial year 2020 translated at the exchange rates used for planning purposes in financial year 2021 less adjusted EBITDA of the compa
nies deconsolidated in 2020 ~ WindStar Medical at EUR 23 million and myLoc at EUR 3 million - plus the pro forma adjusted EBITDA contributions for The Meet Group
between January and August 2020 of EUR 33 million, also translated at the exchange rate used for planning purposes in financial year 2021

Group Management Report
Outlook

18


--- Page 45 ---

+ Content » To Our Shareholders + Group Management Report

Explanatory Notes on the Forecast

The information provided are based on the plans adopted by
the Executive Board and Supervisory Board. In line with the
government measures in the core markets of Germany, Austria
and Switzerland known by the time the 2020 Annual Report was
prepared on February 25, 2021, the Group has also additionally
taken into account in its outlook adverse effects on the business
that are foreseeable as a result of the COVID-19-related restric-
tions in place at the beginning of 2021. Our statements are also
based on current general economic and sector-specific data
at the time this report was prepared. > Strategy and Management
System Future Business and Industry Environment

Dividend Proposal

Since financial year 2018, ProSiebenSat.] Media SE has pursued
a general dividend policy of distributing around 50% of adjusted
net income to the shareholders as a dividend. The Group uses
cash inflows exceeding the dividend distribution primarily for
investments in organic and inorganic growth as well as for debt
reduction. In financial year 2020, in view of the COVID-19 situa-
tion, the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board resolved
to suspend the dividend originally planned for financial year
2019 and to be paid in 2020. However, the Executive Board con-
firmed the overall dividend policy. Accordingly, the Executive
Board and the Supervisory Board are proposing a dividend of
50% of adjusted net income or EUR 0.49 per share to the Annual
General Meeting for financial year 2020. This corresponds to a
dividend yield of around 3.6% based on the closing price of the
ProSiebenSat.] share at the end of 2020. 9 Financial Performance
of the Group

DIVIDEND PROPOSAL

Adjusted net income in EUR m 221

Number of shares outstanding 233,000,000
Number of treasury shares! 677,747
Number of eligible shares! 226,228,253
Proposed dividend in EUR 049
Distribution in EUR m m
Pay-out ratio in % 50

1 As of December 31, 2020.

Group Management Report
COMPANY OUTLOOK

9 Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Information

Predictive Statements

Forecasts are based on current assessments of future devel-
opments. In this context, we draw on our budget planning and
comprehensive market and competitive analyses. The fore-
casted values are calculated in accordance with the report-
ing principles used in the financial statements and are con-
sistent with the adjustments described in the Management
Report. However, forecasts naturally entail some uncertainties
that could lead to positive or negative deviations from plan-
ning. If imponderables occur or if the assumptions on which
the predictive statements are made no longer apply, actual
results may deviate materially from the statements made or
the results implicitly expressed. Developments that could neg-
atively impact this forecast include, for example, lower eco-
nomic momentum than expected at the time this report was
prepared. These and other factors are explained in detail in the
Risk and Opportunity Report. There we also report on additional
growth potential; opportunities that we have not yet or not fully
budgeted for could arise from corporate strategy decisions, for
example. Potential risks are accounted for regularly and sys-
tematically as part of the Group-wide risk management pro-
cess. Significant events after the end of the reporting period
are explained in the 9 Notes, note 39 “Events after the reporting period”,

no
