

--- Page 1 ---

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

O2

MANAGEMENT BOARD
MANAGEMENT REPORT

TO THE COMBINED GENERAL

MEETING OF 2 JUNE 2021

Ladies and Gentlemen,

In accordance with legal and regulatory provisions in force, the Management Board has convened you here in order to inform you on the
management of your company and its subsidiaries and to submit for your approval the financial statements for the year ended

31 December 2020.

Founded in France in 1969, and today operating in 58 countries, Somfy is the global leader in opening and closing automation for both
residential and commercial buildings. A pioneer in the connected home, the Group is constantly innovating to guarantee comfort,
well-being and security in the home and is fully committed to promoting sustainable development. For 50 years, Somfy has been using
automation to improve living environments and has been committed to creating reliable and sustainable solutions, which help promote

better living and well-being for all.

HIGHLIGHTS OF THE YEAR

COVID-19 HEALTH CRISIS

DEVELOPMENT OF THE CRISIS

The sudden emergence of the Covid-19 virus in China in late 2019
and the speed with which it spread throughout the world in early
2020 led to a suspension of operations at Somfy’s Chinese sites in
February 2020 and the temporary stoppage of operations at its
French, Italian and Tunisian production sites, as well as at its
Bonneville logistics site in France, between late March and late
April 2020.

Somfy rapidly introduced a safety protocol in accordance with local
regulations, with a certain number of protective measures
including remote working for all positions that allowed it, in order
to protect the health of its employees, safeguard jobs and ensure
continuity of service for its customers.

Operations resumed in a significant and sustained manner from
mid-May. Following disruption to supply, production and logistics,
the Group put into place a structure to best deal with the
successive waves of the pandemic.

The Group has only made very limited use of government support
in a few countries. It demonstrated its commitment to regional
organisations and communities by donating equipment and
supporting emergency projects against poor housing and social
exclusion. The General Meeting also decided to reduce the
dividend amount allocated in respect of the 2019 financial year.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020

IMPACTS FOR SOMFY

After several months of disruption, the Group has seen a
significant upturn in sales since mid-May, which was confirmed in
June and over the second half-year. For the 12 months to
31 December 2020, Group sales grew 6.1% on a like-for-like basis
in relation to the same period of 2019. It fell 7.2% on a like-for-like
basis over the first six months due to the impact of the pandemic,
before bouncing back strongly, recording an increase of 20.1%
over the second half-year, although it is difficult to distinguish the
undeniable catch-up effect from the effect of organic growth (the
Group’s average annual growth is in the region of 6%).

Current operating margin improved (20.7% of sales in 2020 against
17.1% in 2019) thanks to the combined effect of the upturn in
sales, a favourable product mix effect, and exceptional one-off cost
savings mainly implemented over the first half-year.

The non-recurring costs incurred to manage the crisis continued to
have no material impact at Group level. They mainly involved
expenses related to the introduction of protective measures,
exceptional shipping costs to ensure continuity of customer service
and certain penalties for delivery delays.

Net financial expense was impacted by the foreign exchange
impact related to fluctuations in currencies under great pressure
during the pandemic (BRL, TRY, USD, etc.).

Indicators of impairment (temporary shutdowns of factories and a
reduction in activity) emerged at 30 June 2020 following the crisis
and led the Group to carry out impairment tests which resulted in
the impairment of iHome residual goodwill (€0.7 million). The
impairment tests performed at 31 December 2020 did not result in
any additional impairment.

The Group’s financial structure has therefore remained quite
sound with an increase in the net financial surplus.


--- Page 2 ---

DETAILED OUTLOOK

2020 demonstrated the resilience of Somfy’s business model,
coupled with the pursuit of comfort in the home. Nevertheless, it
is not representative in terms of margin level since certain
non-structural savings will not be renewed in future years.

Over the 2021 financial year, sales should increase, with a
significant base effect that is favourable over the first six months
and is unfavourable over the second. Within a weakened economic
environment, the current operating margin rate should return to
its pre-crisis level.

The current environment is highly uncertain, and the above
assumptions represent the Group’s current scenario. They are
likely to change in line with the health and economic situation.

INFORMATION ON RISKS

The Covid-19 health crisis does not call into question the Group’s
business model or its fundamentals, but does compel it to adapt its
processes. The risk mapping has been updated and adjusted in line
with the feedback relating to the management of the crisis, in
particular, the introduction of rapid and appropriate measures to
protect its employees and production and supply chain protocols
to ensure the continued fulfilment of commitments to customers
when crises occur.

The Group is vigilant in its assessment of risks related to foreign
exchange and the supply of raw materials and electronic
components within a market environment that is challenging.
Currency and raw material hedging continue to be adapted in line
with forecasts and market trends. The assessment of liquidity and
credit risks remains unchanged. In addition to its cash of €588.9
million at the end of 2020, the Group has €174.0 million in
confirmed and undrawn credit facilities and is not in breach of any
covenants. It will be in a position to meet its maturities over the
next 12 months.

NEW ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE

The building industry is undergoing profound transformations with
accelerated digitalisation, the need for greater energy efficiency,
ever shorter innovation cycles and more. These are all challenges
Somfy has begun to tackle thanks to its Believe & Act strategic plan
first implemented in 2017 but now need to take a step further.

The current organisation, whose foundations date back to 2004,
has enabled the Group to expand its range of applications,
becoming a pioneer of smart home solutions and expanding its
geographical presence. After a decade of strong and profitable
growth and progress in its main market segments, Somfy aims to
accelerate in order to continue establishing its leadership in its
markets.

In order to meet these challenges, on 1 January 2020 the Group
has set up a new organisation guided by three major principles: a
function-based architecture to support the Group’s development;
a customer-centric organisation with reduced interfaces to
facilitate decision-making and optimise resource allocation; and
finally a strong focus on the digitalisation of its products,
customer relations and operations.

The first definitive act of this change is the appointment of a new
Executive Committee, along with the creation of a Strategy &
Insights Division, the reorganisation of the three activities that are
Home & Building, Access and Connected Solutions into three
Divisions: Products & Services, Engineering & Customer
Satisfaction, and Operations & Supply Chain. Finally, the sales
subsidiaries will be split into two new geographical areas, for
greater transversality.

21

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

In addition to the new organisation, the Executive Committee —
under the supervision of Jean Guillaume Despature, Chairman of
the Management Board — will work on defining and implementing
a new, three-year strategic plan, based on the achievements
brought by the Believe & Act plan.

The roll-out of this new organisation has not been delayed by the
health crisis.

CHANGES TO THE CONSOLIDATION SCOPE
There were no material changes to the consolidation scope during
the 2020 financial year.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Court of Appeal of Chambéry issued its ruling on 21 May 2019
on the dispute between Spirel employees and Somfy SA. The
claims of the employees in respect of the alleged deliberate
bankruptcy of Spirel and the non-material damage caused as a
result of anxiety, disappointment and vexation were judged
inadmissible, thereby confirming the April 2017 ruling of the High
Court of Albertville. The employees lodged an appeal before the
Cour de Cassation (highest appeal court) in August 2019.

It should be noted that their claims for damages totalled
€8.2 million. The liquidator of the company Spirel also sought to
have Somfy SA ordered to refund advances of €2.9 million paid by
the AGS (Guarantee Fund for the Payment of Salary Claims) in the
event the disposal was declared null and void.

Proceedings before the Labour Court — dismissed in 2016 and 2018
and involving the employees contesting the grounds for their
dismissal and claiming damages of a substantially similar amount
to that sought before the Court of Appeal — are still ongoing.

These factors do not alter the Group’s risk evaluation.
Consequently, it continues to qualify these risks as contingent
liabilities and no provision was thus recognised in relation to these
disputes at 31 December 2020.

On 5 January 2015, Somfy SA transferred its 46.1% direct and
indirect equity investment in the share capital of CIAT Group to
United Technologies Corporation. On 31 March 2016, United
Technologies Corporation filed a complaint against the sellers of
the CIAT shares under the liability guarantee for a total of
€28.6 million (Somfy’s share being €13.2 million). The Group
considers these requests to be unfounded, and _ insufficiently
detailed and justified. In mid-November 2017, UTC brought an
action against the sellers before the Paris Commercial Court for
the liability guarantee. Proceedings before the Commercial Court
and the Court of Appeal are ongoing.

As the proceedings and the documentation provided by UTC
currently stand, the Group continues to contest the entirety of
UTC’s claims and remains confident regarding the outcome of this
dispute. It has qualified the risk as a contingent liability and no
provision was therefore recognised at 31 December 2020.

At 31 December 2020, Somfy SA’s financial statements include a
receivable for deferred settlement in relation to the sale of the
CIAT shares for the sum of €9.7 million. In early July 2017, Somfy
SA and the other sellers brought an action against UTC before the
Paris Commercial Court seeking the fulfilment of the acquisition
contract and the settlement of the deferred payments falling due.
In this regard, at a hearing in February 2021, the judge hearing
applications for interim measures sentenced UTC to pay a
provision of €6.6 million. These proceedings are however still
ongoing. Somfy SA remains confident regarding the settlement of
these sums and therefore no writedown in relation to these
receivables was recognised at 31 December 2020.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 3 ---

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

PARENT COMPANY DATA

Over the year ended 31 December 2020, Somfy SA generated sales
of €3.9 million. Net financial income amounted to €107.7 million,
including €105.7 million in dividends paid by the subsidiaries in
respect of their net profit for the year to 31 December 2019.

Net profit was €101.0 million, after inclusion of a tax income of
€2.3 million.

CONSOLIDATED DATA

SALES

Group sales were €1,257.1 million for the financial year just ended,
an increase of 4.7% compared with the previous financial year (up
6.1% on a like-for-like basis). They fell 7.5% over the first six
months (down 7.2% on a like-for-like basis), due to the health crisis
stemming from the Covid-19 pandemic, and recorded an upturn of
17.6% in the second half-year (up 20.1% on a like-for-like basis).
Several regions ended the financial year on a clear positive trend,
as was the case for Eastern Europe and Central Europe, which
again performed very strongly, as well as Northern Europe and
North America, which both performed well.

SALES BY CUSTOMER LOCATION

The other territories were more adversely affected by the crisis,
due in particular to the unavoidable operational disruption and
interruption caused by the lockdown measures in the spring, but
showed good resilience over the year as a whole. This was the case
for France and the Africa & the Middle East region, as well as for
Southern Europe and Latin America.

All regions recovered over the second six months and several of
them succeeded in offsetting a large proportion of the fall
recorded between March and May. Their recovery is all the more
encouraging given that it is not based on a period of several weeks,
meaning it was merely a question of catching up, but on the entire
third and fourth quarters. It also provides evidence of a base trend
that was confirmed — even accentuated — by recent events, as a
result of the increasingly important role played by the home in
everyone’s lives, notably due to the increase in remote working
and the development of online services.

Sales for the equity-accounted Chinese subsidiary Dooya totalled
€201.1 million over the financial year, an increase of 7.3% in real
terms and 9.2% on a like-for-like basis. They fell in China, a country
severely impacted by the pandemic early in the year, but grew
strongly in the rest of the World.

31/12/20 31/12/19 Change N/N-1| Change N/N-1 ona
€ thousands like-for-like basis
Central Europe 261,044 231,716 12.7% 12.2%
of which Germany 212,185 186,538 13.7% 13.7%
Northern Europe 146,613 134,911 8.7% 9.5%
North America 107,127 102,972 4.0% 6.2%
Latin America 19,286 23,331 -17.3% -2.1%
NORTH & WEST 534,069 492,930 8.3% 9.5%
France 347,444 341,548 1.7% 1.7%
Southern Europe 119,880 121,910 -1.7% -1.8%
Africa & the Middle East 60,604 64,236 -5.7% 1.6%
Eastern Europe 127,187 107,099 18.8% 23.2%
Asia-Pacific 67,943 72,518 -6.3% -4.3%
SOUTH & EAST 723,059 707,312 2.2% 3.7%
TOTAL SALES 1,257,128 1,200,241 4.7% 6.1%

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020

22


--- Page 4 ---

RESULTS

Current operating result stood at €260.7 million for the financial
year just ended, up 27.3% (up 31.3% on a like-for-like basis), and
thus represented 20.7% of sales, compared with 17.1% the
previous year.

The combined effect of the recovery in sales recorded in the
second half-year, a favourable mix of products, and cost savings
stemming from the measures taken within the context of the
health crisis is behind this growth, which is partially non-structural
given the exceptional and provisional nature of these measures
(reduction in consulting, marketing and travel budgets).

The impact of the pandemic was particularly pronounced over the
first half of the year with, on the one hand, a substantial loss in
income due to the loss in revenues, and on the other, significant
production and supply chain disruption due to the temporary
shutdown of several manufacturing sites and disorganisation of
certain sources of supply.

Conversely, the protective measures have had a moderate impact
on the financial statements, even though the safety of employees
and compliance with guidelines from the administrative
authorities, as well as the safeguarding of jobs, have been the
priorities. The impact of external support also proved to be
marginal since the decision was taken to make minimal use of it
and only in certain countries.

SEGMENT REPORTING AT 31 DECEMBER 2020

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

Consolidated net profit totalled €213.0 million, an increase of
30.5%. It takes into account a positive contribution of €10.9 million
from associates, thanks to the improvement recorded at Dooya,
and €52.5 million in income tax.

The return on capital employed (ROCE) stood at 29.6%, compared
with 22.2% the previous year, testament to the quality of these
results.

FINANCIAL POSITION

Shareholders’ equity grew from €1,012.8 to €1,171.0 million over
the financial year just ended, and the net financial surplus
increased from €310.5 to €517.7 million.

The growth in net financial surplus was due to the increase in cash
flow, the decline in working capital requirements and the relative
stability of other cash flow items.

ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES

The change N/N-1 on a like-for-like basis, current operating
margin, ROCE and net financial debt are Alternative Performance
Measures (APMs), definitions and calculation details of which are
included in note 4.3 to the consolidated financial statements.

North & West South & East Intra-regional Consolidated
€ thousands eliminations
Segment sales 527,372 1,059,028 -329,272 1,257,128
Intra-segment sales -2,566 -326,706 329,272 -
Segment sales - Contribution to sales 524,806 732,322 - 1,257,128
Segment current operating result 67,725 192,953 - 260,678
Share of net profit/(loss) from associates - 10,858 - 10,858
Cash flow 49,635 224,858 - 274,493
ese in intangible assets and PPE (including 4,392 59,740 _ 64,133
Goodwill 2,619 91,771 - 94,390
Net intangible assets and PPE 36,517 297,554 - 334,071
Investments in associates and joint ventures - 145,471 - 145,471

STOCK MARKET PERFORMANCE

During the 2020 financial year, the Somfy SA share price increased by 58.4%. At 31 December 2019, the last trading day before the close of
the previous financial year, the share price was €87.50, compared with €138.60 at 31 December 2020. Over the same period the CAC 40
and CAC All-Tradable indices (formerly SBF 250) decreased by 7.1% and 6.4% respectively.

Based on this last share price and taking account of a gross dividend per share of €1.85, the Somfy SA share yielded 1.3%.

The market for the share recorded a monthly trading volume high of 189,316 and low of 43,225 per month, with a monthly average of

104,670 shares, compared with 70,970 shares the previous year.

POST-BALANCE SHEET EVENTS

PLAN TO CHANGE THE COMPANY’S ADMINISTRATION AND MANAGEMENT FORM

The Management Board proposes changing the form of governance of the company to that of a limited company with a Board of Directors.
After the General Meeting, and pending its approval, the Board will consider the separation of the functions of the Chairman of the Board
of Directors, which would be entrusted to Jean Guillaume Despature, and the Chief Executive Officer, which would be entrusted to Pierre
Ribeiro. The appointment of Valérie Dixmier as Deputy CEO in charge of People, Culture and Organisation will also be considered.

23 SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 5 ---

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

ACQUISITION OF REPAR’STORES

On 14 December 2020, Somfy completed the acquisition of a 60% majority stake in the share capital of Repar’stores, a specialist in roller
blind repair and upgrade services in France. This shareholding became effective at the start of January 2021 following the lifting of the usual
conditions precedent. Henceforth, Repar’stores will be fully consolidated in Somfy’s financial statements. The agreement is accompanied by
additional options allowing for the acquisition of Repar’stores’ remaining shares at the end of 2026.

The acquisition of Repar’stores is in line with Ambition 2030, the 10-year strategic plan Ambition 2030 — to consolidate its status as the
preferred partner in opening and closing automation for both residential and commercial buildings, while simultaneously securing the
necessary resources to capture new market opportunities in the services category and reinforce its commitment to end users. Beyond the
operational synergies brought about by this alliance, this combination allows Somfy to strengthen its commitment to sustainable
development by investing in the ability to repair roller blinds and in their sustainability.

Roller blind repairs and upgrades is a niche segment with high growth potential due to the size of the installed base (more than 65 million
roller blinds estimated in France, almost half of which are not motorised) and its continued growth (driven by both renovation and new
builds). To serve this fast-growing market, Repar’stores will be able to leverage Somfy’s strong global presence and its network of European
subsidiaries.

The closing date of Repar'stores' financial statements was 30 June and was changed to 31 December.
Repar’stores’ main indicators for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (6 months) are thus as follows:

€ thousands

31/12/20

Unaudited IFRS
consolidated
financial statements

30/06/20
Unaudited IFRS
consolidated
financial statements

Income statement

Sales 18,847 28,691
Current operating result 3,008 3,683
Net profit 2,151 2,554
31/12/20 30/06/20

Unaudited IFRS Unaudited IFRS

consolidated consolidated

€ thousands financial statements | financial statements

Balance sheet
Non-current assets
Current assets
Non-current liabilities
Current liabilities

Shareholders’ equity

3,095
11,354
580
9,531
4,338

3,396
12,508
825
11,143
3,936

Repar’stores employs nearly 100 staff and has approximately 200 franchisees.
Given an acquisition price of €34.7 million for 60% of the capital, the provisional goodwill is approximately €32.1 million, the allocation of
which will take place during the 2021 financial year.

HEALTH CRISIS

Within the current health crisis environment, the global situation remains uncertain and may change rapidly according to factors that are
hard to control. It is difficult to accurately assess and anticipate the repercussions on the economy in general and on the Group’s business
in particular in 2021.

OUTLOOK

The recent period has made it possible to gauge the strength of the residential and commercial digitalisation market, and as such to better
measure the impact of the digital revolution, demographic and society changes and the energy transition on the demand for automated
and connected solutions.

However, visibility remains limited over the short-term due to the ongoing uncertainty regarding the development of the current health
and economic crisis.

Nevertheless, growth in sales is expected over the current financial year. It should be all the stronger over the first six months given that the
base effect will play out favourably in major regions such as France, Southern Europe and North America.

Similarly, a return of the current operating margin to pre-crisis levels is envisioned as there will be no renewal of savings made last year in
the fields of consulting and marketing.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 24


--- Page 6 ---

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

The current financial year will also see the roll-out of the new strategic plan, Ambition 2030, with the aim of seeking increased efficiency in
processes and an optimised allocation of resources by harmonising practices and increasing synergies, as well as increased added value in
terms of the range, thanks to the digitalisation of products, the interoperability of solutions and the development of services.

Potential acquisitions will also continue to be assessed in parallel and implemented where appropriate, as can be seen in the recent
takeover of Repar’stores, the French specialist in the restoration of roller shutters.

The Group has not been adversely affected by Brexit to date and does not expect to be in the future. It may, however, be further impacted
by the health crisis if new restrictive measures are imposed in its main regions of operation (Europe, the United States and China).

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

PRESENTATION OF THE RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM

GOVERNANCE AND LEADING PLAYERS

The Group’s internal control and risk management system covers all the controlled companies that fall within the Group’s consolidation
scope, apart from equity-accounted companies, notably Dooya, which has its own system, in which the Group is involved in particular
through the creation of a dedicated Audit Committee, presence on the Dooya Board and support in line with needs.

At Group level, the system has been developed around the three lines of defence model, ensuring the effective division of roles and
responsibilities.

PERVISORY BOARD
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE/MANAGEMENT BO AUDIT COMMITTEE

Internal Audit

& Compliance

External
audit

”
€
o
i=
o
)
o
<
G
=
~
2
m4

Internal

Risk and control

ae Risk and control management Assessment of the
management activities pares z .
. activities carried out by the degree of operational
carried out by employees A
company’s support functions control

(day-to-day controls)

GROSS RISK NET RISK

25 SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 7 ---

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

The first line of defence, operational units

The Group’s operational units have been made aware of the need
for compliance with rules and procedures in order to establish an
effective first line of control.

Each Group entity must implement appropriate control activities at
operational level in relation to the processes that concern it, by
applying the rules and guidelines developed at Group level.

The second line of defence, Functional Departments

Functional Departments represent an essential link in the second
line of control. Each of these Departments sets out the procedures
to be applied and offers their support to the Group’s entities in
relation to the implementation of action plans aimed at reducing
the risks identified.

The second line of control also includes the Risk Management
& Compliance and Internal Control functions.

In 2020, the role of Chief Compliance Officer was created. Having
introduced governance and a dedicated organisation, this position
is responsible for leading an overall drive at Group level to ensure
that all risks related to non-compliance are properly addressed.
This approach feeds into the roadmaps and action plans of the
cross-company functions and complements the traditional
approach that has existed historically for the Group’s risk
management.

The third line of defence, Internal Audit Department

The Internal Audit Department oversees the overall monitoring of
the quality of risk management, the relevance and effectiveness of
the monitoring system as well as compliance with rules and codes
of conduct. It is responsible for assessing how well the internal
control system works and for proposing recommendations for
improvement if needed.

Internal audits of the Group are conducted under the supervision
of the Internal Audit Manager who relies on a team made up of
three auditors, with an average of 30 assignments per year.
Following each assignment, and based on the recommendations
issued by the auditors, action plans are prepared by the entities
concerned to correct the shortcomings highlighted by the audit
reports.

A summary of these recommendations is presented to General
Management and the Audit Committee at least twice a year.

GRC (Governance, Risk and Compliance) solution

In order to perform their coordination and management role, the

Internal Control, Risk and Compliance Department and the Internal

Audit Department all have a shared GRC solution, which

specifically allows them to:

— initiate a self-assessment campaign for subsidiaries each year,
based on a framework of key controls;

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020

26

— monitor all the assignments of Internal Audit, as well as the
related recommendations and the corresponding action plans;

— assess the Group’s risks at several levels in the organisation, to
consolidate the results at Group level and to link them with
action plans.

In addition, a digital accounting controls solution is currently being

purchased and will be rolled out from 2021 onwards.

Further work will also be carried out in 2021 on the integration

between the management by processes approach and the

management of risks and the associated controls, as part of an
ongoing drive to improve efficiency and performance assessment.

The use of all these resources is closely monitored by the Audit

Committee, which is regularly informed of the progress achieved

and the results obtained.

RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group’s risk management includes all the resources,
procedures and initiatives that aim to identify, assess and control
the Group’s risks in reference to the Group’s strategic objectives.
Group Management firmly believes that risk management and
control contribute to:
— creating and preserving the value, assets and reputation of the
Group;
— securing the Group’s decision-making and processes to facilitate
the achievement of targets;
— encouraging actions that are consistent with the Group’s values;
— raising employee awareness and bringing them together around
a shared vision concerning the risks inherent in their activity.
A Group risk framework has been established to be able to
formally set out and consolidate the assessments of each scope
and function.
The assessment stage involves examining the potential
consequences of the main risks identified (consequences that may
in particular be financial, human, legal or reputational) and to
assess their likelihood of occurring.
The Group has adopted standard methodology for assessing risks
enabling the assessment of inherent (gross) risks and residual (net)
risks based on a standard and consistent rating allowing the
impacts, likelihood of occurrence and level of control to be graded.
These assessments mean that the Group’s risks can be mapped
and updated every year by the Risk and Compliance Department.
This mapping is ratified by the Executive Committee which
undertakes to monitor the main risks identified. An owner is
appointed for each priority risk and is responsible for proposing
action plans for the handling of that risk. Monitoring these risks is
incorporated into the monthly review cycles of the Executive
Committee.
Mapping also helps with the development of the annual audit plan,
as the audit team is responsible for challenging the assessment of
certain risks and for proposing recommendations to reduce them.


--- Page 8 ---

INTERNAL CONTROL

Definition and objectives

The internal control system is implemented to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the achievement of objectives by contributing
to the effectiveness and efficiency of operations, to the reliability
of the financial reports and the compliance with applicable laws
and regulations.

The Group’s internal
framework.

control system draws on the COSO

Controls and assessments

A framework of key controls has been defined for each of the
business’s major processes and is used during an annual
self-assessment process by each entity Manager.

An annual review of this framework is conducted in order to
update it, facilitate its understanding by all subsidiaries and tailor it
to the level of internal control maturity acquired.

Certain controls are related to procedures that are also updated if
necessary.

Internal control monitoring

A GRC Committee meets at least once every two months to discuss
the risks identified, analyse incidents, identify deviations and
suggest adjustments to the overall system.

The Internal Control Department also conducts two types of

monitoring:

— an analysis of the results of the campaign for Year N and a
comparison with Year N-1;

— a quarterly dashboard monitoring the action plans for each of
the Group’s major functions, enabling their progress to be
measured.

These documents are notably sent to the Business Area Managers

and the Heads of Processes for observation of development,

deviations and delays.

Certain improvements are directly addressed by entities at a local

level, while others are looked into centrally by the Internal Control

Department and/or in collaboration with other cross-Group

functions.

INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM RELATING TO THE PROCESS FOR
PREPARING ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Control measures relating to the process for preparing accounting
and financial information are detailed below in response to the
objective of reliability of the financial reports.

Preparation of financial statements

The Group has defined a unique and common framework for the
recording of accounting and financial information. It resulted in the
definition and implementation within all subsidiaries of a Group
chart of accounts, as well as the definition and implementation of
the main management procedures (inventories, non-current
assets, trade receivables, etc.), which are formalised in the Group
Procedure Manual relayed through and updated on the Group’s
intranet.

27

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

The Group’s various ERPs thus include standard configuration
concerning in particular the accounting plan and analytical
monitoring, enabling the application of Group processes.
Furthermore, the proper application of the chart of accounts,
procedures and reporting reliability is monitored by visits to
subsidiaries, planned within the context of year-end and half-year
closing.

It is also verified during the budget preparation and monthly
reporting processes.

Particular care is taken with risk analysis, through a review of asset
provisions and provisions for liabilities and charges, as well as
off-balance sheet commitments.

Financial statements control

The Consolidation Department, after verifying the completeness of
financial information, the proper application of closing procedures
and restatements, performing the intragroup account
reconciliations and verifying the net equity justification, performs
financial statement consolidation using dedicated software.

The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance
with IFRS. In addition, accounting options selected are presented
to and approved by the Audit Committee.

Financial communication

Following their approval by the Management Board and their
review by the Supervisory Board, the half-year and full-year
financial statements are presented to the financial community
under the auspices of the SFAF (French financial analyst society)
and published in a report posted on the financial issuer’s website
(www.somfyfinance.com) as well as via a primary information
provider (www. info-financiere.fr).

The other regulated information referred to in Article 221-1 of the
AMPF’s general regulations is also available on both these sites.
Relevant information relating to the company’s business activities
is presented to the Audit Committee.

Treasury management

The Group Treasury Department reports to the Group Chief

Financial Officer, who is a member of the Management Board.

A Treasury Committee meeting is held each month. The role of this

Committee is twofold:

— strategic: to define the overall policy in terms of Group Cash
Management, financing, and interest rate, exchange rate and
investment risk management. They also include the follow-up of
Group subsidiaries’ equity balance sheet items;

— operational: to guarantee the regular monitoring of Group Cash
Management’s actions. These are detailed in a monthly
dashboard.

Lastly, a Group Treasury Charter defines best practices and list in a

single document the guidelines that ensure the secure, economical

and efficient management of financing and deposit operations,
and more generally of cash management and bank relations within
the Group.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 9 ---

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

RISK FACTORS

MAIN RISKS

The selection of the main risks presented in this section was made based on a review of the Group’s risk mapping, updated in 2020.

Only risks specific to the Group likely to significantly affect its activity, image or financial position are included. These are the risks with a
significant net impact or that are specific to Somfy. The net impact takes into account the gross impact and the risk mitigation measures

adopted by the Group.

The table below groups these risks by category. A pictogram highlights the risks in relation to which a CSR component has been identified.

Category Risk Description CSR Trend
component

Business & Technical Business interruptions resulting from technological

Interruption Risk malfunctions, equipment failures or other events would
have a negative impact on production and supply chain 7
operations.

Production Capacity Risk Insufficient production capacity may lead to an inability to
satisfy customer needs and demands; in addition, an
underused resource capacity would lead to higher 7
investment costs and lower margins.

Supply Availability/Critical | Limited availability or problems with a critical supplier

Vendor Risk would threaten Somfy’s ability to provide a high-quality 7
service at competitive prices.

Life Cycle Risk/Serial Life Non-optimal management of product lines and the
portfolio throughout the life cycle would create inefficiency —>
and additional costs.

Product Development Risk | Non-optimised development processes would stop us from
offering a range that meets the needs of the market (time —
to market and features in particular).

. Quality of Products & Defects related to the quality of products and services
Operational . , oe wee
Services would threaten the company’s ability to satisfy its

customers and increase its market share, and in general
terms would have a negative impact on its operations.

Social/Political Risk

Social, political and geopolitical action would threaten
Somfy’s resources by preventing commercial activities and
transactions from progressing normally.

Catastrophic Loss Risk

A major disaster would create significant disruption to
Somfy’s operations and services, representing substantial
additional costs (degraded mode and return to normal).

08 | of 08| 08 | «8

IT Urbanization

The lack of coherence between business needs and
available IT solutions/tools would generate inefficiency and
a drop in performance.

NE NOEN

Cyber Attack Risk

The ineffectiveness of technical and physical IT defences
would threaten the ongoing integrity, availability and
confidentiality of systems and data.

of

|

IT Quality Risk

The obsolescence or lack of ruggedness of IT systems would
generate a risk of downtime to the IT infrastructure and as
a result an interruption to our operations.

\

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020

28


--- Page 10 ---

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

Category Risk Description CSR Trend
component
Data Privacy Management | Flaws in our systems could lead to inappropriate access to
data or systems (loss or theft of critical information). This
risk also includes potential non-compliance with local >
regulations concerning the protection of personal data.
Talent and Competencies | Poor management of Somfy’s training, knowledge, skills,
Risk career opportunities or key staff would threaten the Sy \
achievement of the company’s objectives.
. Resource Allocation Risk Lack of appropriate resources could generate project
Operational delays and employee frustration or overwork and result in \
missed opportunities.
Management System Risk | The lack of understanding, use, training or meaning in
(SGMS) relation to the Somfy Management System (SGMS) would
impact the effectiveness of operations and coherence with \
the strategic objectives.
Fraud Risk (internal & Internal or external fraud would damage Somfy’s
external) reputation and expose it to financial losses. S —
Brand Equity Lack of strength or recognition of the Somfy brand would
prevent positive discrimination in relation to the —>
competition.
Competitor Risk Alternative solutions or new business models would
Business threaten the company’s competitive position. 7
Risk Management Risk The immaturity of risk management processes and the lack
of definition of responsibilities would prevent the
prioritising of measures and the achievement of the \
company’s strategic objectives.
Non compliance with Non-compliance with social obligations would expose
social laws and regulations | Somfy to sanctions, fines and penalties.
including safety and >
security
Non compliance with Non-compliance with applicable standards and regulations
standards and regulations | concerning products and services would expose Somfy to
Legal related to products and sanctions, fines and penalties and would threaten its Se —>
8 services reputation, commercial opportunities and expansion
potential.
Non compliance with laws | Non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations
and regulations related to | concerning the way in which business is conducted would
business and market expose Somfy to sanctions, fines and penalties and would Se —>
practices threaten its reputation, commercial opportunities and
expansion potential.

In 2020, the Group’s new organisation and the strategic cycles overhaul provided the opportunity for an in-depth review of the conditions
under which it conducts its business, and unleashed genuine momentum in relation to managing risks and the quality of the processes,
notably in order to assess and improve its resilience.

The Risk and Compliance Department contributed to this initiative, at the end of which the Group’s risk mapping was updated.

Out of the topics identified in 2020, certain issues came up more strongly due to the Covid-19 pandemic, such as Supply Chain in its
entirety, a consequence of the sudden drop in sales and the very rapid and unexpected recovery, as well as crisis management and business
continuity.

In addition, the Group has begun a phase of overhauling its IT infrastructure, with in particular the roll-out of a new ERP (SAP, So! One
project) which has led to an increase in its assessment of risks based on digitalisation and IT systems in general. Lastly, there has been a
significant shift in relation to the management of the product portfolio, as part of the new organisation which brings together all the
applications within the same Products and Services Department.

Roadmaps and consolidated monitoring of action plans related to issues identified as priority have been implemented and integrated into
the Executive Committee’s management cycles. Group Management firmly believes that the management and control of risks and the
ongoing improvement of processes contribute to the Group’s performance and to the achievement of its strategy.

29 SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 11 ---

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

OTHER NON-MATERIAL RISKS

These “non-material” risks are found at a controlled level or are
not necessarily specific to the Group.

Financial risks

A description of the financial risks (Foreign exchange risk, Interest
rate risk, Liquidity risk, Credit risk, Raw material risk, Customer
credit risk) and the policies applied to mitigate their occurrence
are covered by a detailed presentation in notes 4.5 and 7.3 of the
Consolidated financial statements chapter.

Equity risk

The Group is exposed to equity risk on treasury shares. Given the
share price, it was not necessary to record a provision for
writedown at 31 December 2020.

Legal risks

The Group’s operations are not subject to specific regulations. Its
activities do not require specific legal or regulatory authorisation.
The Group is involved in a number of disputes in respect of its
business. These should not have any significant negative impact on
the Group’s financial position. To the Group’s knowledge, there
were no exceptional events or litigation likely to have a significant
negative impact on the Group’s or its subsidiaries’ operations,
assets or results, other than those mentioned in the highlights.

Country risk

The country risk is analysed from two perspectives. The first
relates to the distribution activities most of which takes place in
safe regions such as Europe and the United States, as opposed to
regions that are the most exposed to economic, geopolitical and
monetary uncertainties like China, Latin America and the Middle
East which represent less than 10% of the Group’s sales. In
addition, the Group was not negatively affected by Brexit in 2020.
The second perspective relates to the production and procurement
activities which are more exposed than the distribution activities,
since Somfy has production sites in Tunisia and China, and a large
proportion of its suppliers of components have close connections
with Asia, and more specifically China. In relation to this second
perspective, given the level of risk, business continuity plans have
been developed in order to reduce and control this risk.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020

30

Non-financial risks

Certain CSR challenges are found in the Group’s main risks (CSR
pictogram). However, all the non-financial and financial risks
related to climate change are detailed on pages 47 and 48 as part
of the non-financial statement. The approach used for the
mapping of Group risks provides for the assessment of risks
according to their impact and their likelihood of occurrence taking
into account the control measures already in place. This is a net
risk measurement-based approach.

The approach is different when it concerns Corporate Social
Responsibility: the Group has decided to present the main
challenges in accordance with an assessment of the gross risks. For
that reason, the risks inherent in CSR are not detailed per se in this
chapter on risk factors.

INSURANCE AND RISK COVERAGE

As part of the risk management process, the Group has put in
place a policy based on prevention and the protection of sites and
people in order to limit the likelihood of occurrence of potential
accidents.

The Group covers the main risks with the following insurance

policies:

— “property damage”, covering buildings and their contents in all
locations (equipment, goods, IT equipment) as well as resulting
monetary and operational losses. The events insured are, as a
minimum, fire, explosions, lightning, smoke, emissions, steam,
impacts from airborne objects, vehicle collisions, electrical risks,
storms, hurricanes, cyclones, snow, hail, water damage, frost,
machine breakage, computer risks, malicious acts, acts of
vandalism, riots, popular movements and IT equipment theft,
natural disasters, except where local circumstances make this
impossible;

liability relating to monetary consequences of an
insured entity’s liability following physical injury, property
damage or moral prejudice caused to a third party during or in
relation to its operations”;

— “corporate officers’ civil liability”;

— “transported goods”.

In addition, credit insurance contracts, both in France and

internationally, mitigate the consequences of customer default.

Approximately 90% of sales are covered by such contracts.

Due to the Group’s international presence, other contracts are

taken out locally to take into account any specific features or

restrictions in the countries concerned.



--- Page 12 ---

NON-FINANCIAL STATEMENT

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

(ARTICLE L. 22-10-36 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

The non-financial statement is presented in chapter 3 of this Annual Financial Report for ease of reading. It forms an integral part of the

management report.

INFORMATION ON RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES
(ARTICLES L. 232-1 AND L. 233-26 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

In 2020, the Research and Development activities were generally
carried out in line with the established roadmap. Somfy has not
slowed its R&D investment efforts but has nevertheless adapted to
the pandemic context by reprioritising projects, within a
challenging supply chain environment.

At the end of the 2020 financial year, Somfy had 17 R&D centres
and 547 engineers (420 in France), 20% of whom were women.
The new organisation of the Group by function was rolled out to its
R&D centres in 2020, as it was across the entire company. The
Engineering function’s ambition is to continue to roll-out the R&D
efforts en masse and to improve the efficiency and speed with
which new ranges are developed.

The Group filed 27 patent applications with the patent office INPI
(Institut National de la Propriété Industrielle) which had published
44 of them in 2019. This fall in new applications is related to the
Covid-19 pandemic. At the end of 2020, Somfy had a portfolio of
2,210 registered patents.

Thanks to continuing eco-design efforts, 57% of Somfy products
sold worldwide in 2020 were Act for Green certified. Act for Green
certification is one of the levers of the Group’s environmental
programme aimed at reducing its carbon footprint. Somfy is
committed to reducing CO, emissions through its products and by
helping to develop carbon sinks. By accelerating the
implementation of its CSR strategy, Somfy is working to reduce its
carbon footprint and that of its customers.

71 new products and services marketed by the Group in 2020

Despite an environment disrupted by the health crisis, Somfy has

continued to develop and launch new products. The 2020 financial

year saw the following major innovations come to market:

— in line with its strategy of openness driven by the So Open
programme, and with the aim of improving the user experience
around the connected home, in December 2020 Somfy
announced the compatibility of its home automation box
TaHoma with Apple’s HomeKit, the result of two years’ work.
Either remotely or from home, users can now control by voice
their roller shutters, tilting sun screens, external vertical blinds
and automated patio awnings, using the Apple Home app or
from their car with Carplay;

— the Somfy air programme has taken shape with the marketing of
the first Somfy motor for sliding windows, Sliding air io. After
more than three years of work in collaboration with Liébot
Group, a major player in joinery in France, this new motor is
now available on the French market through its integration in
CAIB and K-Line windows, with Méo to follow shortly. This

31

solution facilitates simple and secure ventilation every day,
enabling Somfy to address the growing issue of air quality. As
part of this launch, the Somfy air programme received dual
recognition: it secured “Solar Impulse Efficient Solution”
certification (which recognises 1,000 effective and profitable
solutions for improving quality of life whilst simultaneously
protecting the environment), as well as the award for the FFB
(French Building Federation) Homes Division Challenge in the
industrial category (which recognises the most innovative
approaches to meeting the major challenges of housing and
living environments);

the development of the Interior Products range continued and
focused on three strategic priorities: a range of motors with
integrated batteries for the home sector, offering installers
easier implementation; silent products amongst the best on the
market across the entire range of blinds and curtains; and one
connected range that specifically enables users to manage their
Somfy products using voice control. The connected range of
Somfy Interior Products is available on the North American
market, with the Zigbee 3.0 protocol, which is backed by an
alliance of more than 400 manufacturers, including Amazon,
Apple, Google and IKEA, and in Europe with the interoperable
io-homecontrol® protocol;

the improved range of products enabling users to control Somfy
motors was the focus of specific efforts. Firstly in terms of
design, with the new range of Situo remote controls and the
new Inis wired switches, thereby accentuating Somfy’s brand
image. Secondly, in terms of technology, through the new
Zigbee control interfaces and the first bi-protocol remote
control (io/RTS). Lastly, Somfy has complemented its flagship
range, Smoove, by offering multichannel versions (2 & 4);

in 2020, alongside Apple, Google, Amazon, IKEA, Schneider
Electric and Signify (PhilipsHue), Somfy became one of the
sponsors of the Connected Home over IP project, in which more
than 200 businesses from all over the world took part. This
working group is developing and promoting the adoption of a
new royalty-free connectivity standard to increase compatibility
between products in the smart home. The aim of the Connected
Home over IP project is to simplify developments and improve
the consumer experience. The project is built around a shared
belief: that smart products must be secure, reliable and easy to
use. The Connected Home over IP project heralds a new
generation of products with even higher perceived value for all
stakeholders.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 13 ---

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

LIST OF EXISTING BRANCHES
(ARTICLE L. 232-1 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

Somfy had no such branches at 31 December 2020.

VALUE OF INTERCOMPANY LOANS GRANTED
(ARTICLE L. 511-6 3 BIS OF THE MONETARY AND FINANCIAL CODE)

Somfy SA had not granted any intercompany loans at 31 December 2020.

INFORMATION ON PAYMENT TERMS
(ARTICLE L. 441-6-1 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

Trade receivables specific to Somfy SA’s activity represent payment terms generally less than 45 days from the end of the month.

Article D. 441 |.-1°: Invoices received, unpaid Article D. 441 I.-2°: Invoices issued, unpaid
and overdue at year-end and overdue at year-end
Oday 1to 31to 61to| 91days| Total Oday 1to 31to 61to| 91days| Total
(for | 30 days | 60 days | 90 days or| (1 day (for | 30 days | 60 days | 90 days or| (1 day
informa- more or| informa- more or
tion only) more) | tion only) more)

(A) Late payment ranges

Number of
invoices 29 - - - - - 17 -
concerned

Total value of
invoices
concerned exc.
VAT

1,355,513 - - - - —| 754,315 - - - - -

Percentage of
total value of
purchases exc.| 14.11% - - - - -
VAT over the
financial year

Percentage of
revenue exc.
VAT over the
financial year

20.18% - - - - -

(B) Invoices excluded from (A) relating to contested or unrecorded trade payables and receivables

Number of
invoices
excluded

Total value of
invoices
excluded exc.
VAT

(C) Standard payment terms used (contractual or statutory period - Article L. 441-6 or Article L. 443-1 of the Commercial Code)

Payment terms Contractual terms:

Contractual terms

used for Within 10 days after the end of the month
calculating late
payments Statutory terms 0 Statutory terms 0

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 32


--- Page 14 ---

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

INFORMATION ON THE DISTRIBUTION OF SHARE CAPITAL AND HOLDINGS

DISTRIBUTION OF SHARE CAPITAL
(ARTICLE L. 233-13 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

To the best of the company’s knowledge, the distribution of share capital and voting rights is as follows:

Number of % share Theoretical | % theoretical | Voting rights % voting

shares capital voting rights | voting rights at General rights at

Meetings General

Shareholding structure at 31/12/20 Meetings
J.P.J.S. SCA* 19,480,340 52.65% 38,960,680 61.33% 38,960,680 63.96%
J.P.J.2 SA** 3,409,030 9.21% 6,669,055 10.50% 6,669,055 10.95%
Compagnie Financiére industrielle*** 1,653,875 4.47% 3,307,750 5.21% 3,307,750 5.43%
Despature family and others 1,565,268 4.23% 3,112,533 4.90% 3,112,533 5.11%
Manacor Dev Pte Ltd 560,000 1.51% 560,000 0.88% 560,000 0.92%
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AGREEMENT 26,668,513 72.08% 52,610,018 82.82% 52,610,018 86.37%
Treasury shares 2,616,125 7.07% 2,616,125 4.12% - -
Other holders of registered and bearer 7,715,362| 20.85% 8,300,899 13.07% 8,300,899 13.63%
TOTAL 37,000,000 100.00% 63,527,042 100.00% 60,910,917 100.00%

* Limited partnership with share capital (registered office: 160 boulevard de Fourmies, 59100 Roubaix) controlled by Paul Georges Despature and his
children Alexis Despature, Jean Guillaume Despature (Chairman of the Management Board of Somfy SA) and Marie Bavarel-Despature (member of
the Supervisory Board of Somfy SA).

** Limited company (registered office: 29 route de I’aéroport, 1215 Geneva 15, Switzerland) controlled by Paul Georges Despature and his children
Alexis Despature, Jean Guillaume Despature (Chairman of the Management Board of Somfy SA) and Marie Bavarel-Despature (member of the
Supervisory Board of Somfy SA).

***limited company incorporated in Luxembourg (registered office: 15, boulevard Roosevelt, L-2450 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg)
controlled by Patrick Despature.

In August 2020, Silchester International Investors, acting on behalf of funds under its management, declared that on 17 August 2020 it had
a holding of 2,218,315 shares representing 6.00% of the share capital of Somfy SA. Due to the lack of disclosure regarding the attainment of
upward or downward threshold crossings, this company is still presumed to hold between 5% and 10% of Somfy SA’s share capital.

To the best of the company’s knowledge and at the date of preparation of this document, no shareholder other than those mentioned
above holds, directly or indirectly, alone or in concert with others, more than 5% of the share capital or voting rights of the company.
Changes to this list during the 2020 financial year, if any, are described below in the section “Disclosure of shareholding threshold crossings
pursuant to Article L. 233-7 of the Commercial Code”.

RECIPROCAL HOLDINGS
(ARTICLES L. 233-29 ET R. 233-19 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

There were no reciprocal holdings as defined by current regulations at the date of preparation of this report.

EMPLOYEE SHAREHOLDING

(ARTICLE L. 225-102 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

At 31 December 2020, the shares held by employees via the Somfy FCPE (investment fund) or directly in registered form following a free
share allocation under Article L. 22-10-59 of the Commercial Code (authorised subsequent to 6 August 2015) totalled 300,796 Somfy shares,
representing 0.81% of the share capital.

33 SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 15 ---

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

ACTION IN CONCERT AND RETENTION AGREEMENTS

ACTION IN CONCERT

On 3 June 2013, the limited partnership with share capital J.P.J.S.,
the limited companies J.P.J.2 and Manacor and certain members of
the Despature family concluded a shareholders’ agreement
constituting an action in concert between them, in relation to the
company Somfy SA.

The main clauses of the agreement provide:

Action in concert: the parties confirm their wish to act in concert
within the meaning of Article L. 233-10 of the Commercial Code to
implement a common policy with regard to Somfy SA. To that end,
the parties undertake to make every effort and to consult one
another before every vote in the General Meeting of Somfy SA
shareholders on resolutions relating to the appointment of
members of the Supervisory Board or modification of the mode of
administration or management of the company and any
transaction in the capital of Somfy SA with a view to establishing a
common position.

Maintaining the equity holding: the parties undertake to maintain
their overall equity holding in Somfy SA at more than 50% of the
share capital and voting rights of this company.

Duration: these undertakings are made for a period of ten years
from the signature of the agreement, namely 3 June 2013. Any
decision to reduce the term of the agreement will be made by a %
majority of the Somfy SA shares held by the parties, it being
understood that in the case of separation of the shares, the voting
right will belong to the usufructuary.

COLLECTIVE RETENTION AGREEMENTS

A collective retention agreement relating to 64.93% of the share
capital of Somfy SA and more than 20% of the voting rights of
shares issued was signed on 31 December 2015 by several
shareholders, including Management Board members Jean
Guillaume Despature and Pierre Ribeiro, as well as Supervisory
Board members Victor Despature, Anthony Stahl and Michel
Rollier, in accordance with Article 8851 bis of the General Tax
Code, for a period of two years from 31December 2015,
automatically extended indefinitely after this two-year period.
Furthermore, the company is aware of:

six collective retention agreements relating to a total of
between 49.33% and 54.23% of Somfy SA’s share capital, signed
by several shareholders in accordance with Article 787 B of the
General Tax Code, for an indeterminate period from the date of
registration unless one of the signatories gives notice of
termination;

one collective retention agreement relating to 52.91% of Somfy
SA’s share capital, signed by several shareholders in accordance
with Article 787 B of the General Tax Code, for a period of two
years from the date of registration.

BYLAWS PROVISIONS RELATING

TO DOUBLE VOTING RIGHTS
(EXCERPT OF ARTICLE 29 OF THE BYLAWS)

“The voting right attached to shares is proportional to the capital
that they represent. All capital and dividend shares have the same
par value and entitle their owner to one vote.

A voting right that is double that conferred on other shares is
allocated to all fully paid shares that have been duly registered for
at least four years in the name of the same shareholder at the end
of the calendar year preceding that of each General Meeting.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020

34

In the case of a capital increase by the capitalisation of reserves,
profits or issue premiums, registered shares granted free of charge
to a shareholder in exchange for existing shares, which already
benefit from this right, will be entitled to the same double voting
right.

All shares converted into bearer shares or whose ownership has
been transferred shall lose their entitlement to a double voting
right, except in instances provided for by law.”

DISCLOSURE OF SHAREHOLDING THRESHOLD
CROSSINGS DURING THE 2020 FINANCIAL YEAR,
PURSUANT TO ARTICLE L. 233-7

OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE

As of 21 April 2020, the Deposit and Consignment Office, via CDC
Croissance, informed the company that it had exceeded the
statutory threshold of 1% of the voting rights in Somfy, this
threshold crossing resulting from the purchase of shares.

In August 2020, Silchester International Investors, acting on behalf
of funds under its management, declared that on 17 August 2020 it
had a holding of 2,218,315 shares representing 6.00% of the share
capital of Somfy SA.

INFORMATION ON THE BUYBACK
OF TREASURY SHARES
(ARTICLE L. 225-211 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

The company has implemented several successive share buyback
programmes. The most recent buyback programme was launched
in 2020; it was authorised by the Combined General Meeting of
24 June 2020 in its 15" resolution, sitting in ordinary session, and
had the following objectives:

— to stimulate the secondary market or ensure the liquidity of the
Somfy share, by way of an investment services provider within a
liquidity contract that complies with practices recognised by
regulations, it being specified that within this framework the
number of shares considered for the calculation of the limit
specified above corresponds to the number of shares purchased
less the number of shares resold;

— to retain the shares purchased and subsequently exchange them
or use them as payment within the framework of potential
acquisitions;

— to ensure the coverage of stock option plans and/or free share
allocation plans (or similar) granted to employees and/or
corporate officers of the Group, as well as all other shares
allocated under a company or group savings scheme (or similar),
in relation to employee profit-sharing and/or any other form of
allocation to employees and/or corporate officers of the Group;

— to cover marketable securities giving right to the allocation of
company shares, in accordance with applicable regulations;

— to proceed with the possible cancelation of shares acquired, in
accordance with the authorisation granted or to be granted by
the Extraordinary General Meeting.

Such share purchases could be effected by all means, including by

means of acquiring blocks of shares and at any times considered

appropriate by the Management Board.

The company reserved the right to use options or derivative

instruments, in accordance with applicable regulations.

The maximum purchase price was set at €170 per share, with the

maximum amount of the share buyback programme set at

€184,170,010, taking account of the 1,083,353 treasury shares

held at 31 December 2019.


--- Page 16 ---

During the financial year just ended, on the basis of the
authorisations given by the General Meetings of 2019 and 2020,
the company bought back 28,717 shares at an average price of
€103.28 and sold 29,239 shares at an average price of €91.27.
All of the 28,717 shares acquired were allocated to the liquidity

objective.

No trading fees were paid during the financial year.

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

The company held 2,616,125 of its own shares at 31 December
2020, representing 7.07% of the share capital; the value of the
purchase price of one share amounted to €37.59 for a par value of
€0.20 each, representing a total nominal value of €523,225.00
(€1,422.80 for the liquidity contract, €244,354 to be retained for
future acquisition transactions and €277,448.20 to cover share
purchase option plans and/or free share allocation plans).

INFORMATION ON INVESTMENTS AND CONTROLLED COMPANIES

INVESTMENTS IN FRENCH COMPANIES DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020
(ARTICLE L. 233-6 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

Direct control

Indirect control

Company name

Number of shares

% share capital

Number of shares

% share capital

NAMES OF COMPANIES DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY CONTROLLED AND THE PORTION OF SOMFY SA’S SHARE CAPITAL

HELD BY THEM

(ARTICLE L. 233-13 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

None of the companies controlled by Somfy SA held shares in Somfy SA at the date of preparation of this report.

INFORMATION ON TRANSACTIONS PERFORMED BY DIRECTORS
DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR
(ARTICLE 223-26 OF AMF GENERAL REGULATIONS)

The company is aware that the following transactions falling within the scope of Article L. 621-18-2 of the Monetary and Financial Code
have been carried out during the past financial year:

€

Purchases
Registrant and nature of transaction Amount
J.P.J.2, related to Jean Guillaume Despature, Chairman of the Management Board
and Marie Bavarel-Despature, member of the Supervisory Board
Total amount of acquisition 2,285,457
Average unit price 70.68
Number of shares 32,335
TOTAL PURCHASES 2,285,457

35

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 17 ---

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

APPROVAL OF THE PARENT COMPANY AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

(RESOLUTIONS 1 AND 2)

We would ask you to approve the parent company financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020, which show a net profit of
€100,960,384.65, and the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020, which show a net profit (Group share)

of €213,008,000.00, as submitted.

INFORMATION ON NON-DEDUCTIBLE CHARGES
(ARTICLES 39-4 AND 223 IV OF THE GENERAL TAX CODE)

The financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 do not include any non-allowable charges with regard to the
income tax base, as defined by Articles 39-4 and 223 IV of the General Tax Code.

ALLOCATION OF NET PROFIT

The Management Board proposes to allocate the net profit of €100,960,384.65 for the year ended 31 December 2020, increased by
retained earnings of €3,273,611.25, to a total of €104,233,995.90, as follows:

— allocation to shareholders of a gross dividend
of €1.85 per share, being €1.85 x

37,000,000 shares €68,450,000.00

— transfer to optional reserve €35,783,995.90

€104,233,995.90

A gross dividend of €1.85 will be distributed for each share with a
par value of €0.20.

When it is paid to individuals who are tax residents in France, the
dividend is subject to a single fixed-levy deduction at source on the
gross dividend at the flat rate of 12.8% (Article 200 A of the
General Tax Code), or at the express, irrevocable and
comprehensive wishes of the taxpayer, to income tax calculated
according to a sliding scale after notably an allowance of 40%
(Articles 200 A, 13, and 158 of the General Tax Code). The dividend
is also subject to social security contributions at the rate of 17.2%.
Shares held by the company on the ex-dividend date are not
entitled to dividends, with the corresponding amount of unpaid
dividends being transferred to retained earnings.

The dividend will be payable on 10 June 2021 and the ex-dividend
date will be 8 June 2021.

In accordance with legal provisions, it should be noted that the following dividends were paid during the last three financial years:

Revenues eligible for tax rebate Revenue not eligible
for tax rebate

Financial year Dividends Other distributed earnings
2017 €44,645,450.20* being €1.30** per share - -
2018 €48,094,109.00* being €1.40 per share - -
2019 €42,976,388.75* being €1.25*** per share - -

* Does not include unpaid dividends attributable to treasury shares and transferred to retained earnings.
** The share par value was divided by five on 24 May 2017. Since that date, share capital comprises 37,000,000 shares with a par value of €0.20 each.
***The 2019 dividend amount was revised downwards at the General Meeting of 24 June 2020.

COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF 2 JUNE 2021

ORDINARY SESSION

1. Approval of the parent company financial statements for the
year ended 31 December 2020.

2. Approval of the consolidated financial statements for the year
ended 31 December 2020.

3. Allocation of net profit for the financial year and setting of
dividend.

4. Special report of the Statutory Auditors on regulated
commitments - Noting the absence of new agreements.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020

5. Approval of the information referred to in paragraph | of
Article L. 22-10-9 of the Commercial Code.

6. Approval of the fixed, variable and exceptional items
comprising total remuneration and benefits of any kind paid or
allocated during the financial year just ended to Jean
Guillaume DESPATURE, Chairman of the Management Board.

7. Approval of the fixed, variable and exceptional items
comprising total remuneration and benefits of any kind paid or
allocated during the financial year just ended to Pierre
RIBEIRO, member of the Management Board and Chief
Financial Officer.


--- Page 18 ---

8. Approval of the fixed, variable and exceptional items
comprising total remuneration and benefits of any kind paid or
allocated during the financial year just ended to Michel
ROLLIER, Chairman of the Supervisory Board.

9. Approval of the remuneration policy for the Chairman of the

Management Board and the member(s) of the Management

Board.

Authorisation to be granted to the Management Board or the

Board of Directors, as applicable, for the buyback by the

company of its own shares pursuant to Article L. 22-10-62 of

the Commercial Code, duration of the authorisation,
objectives, terms and conditions, cap.

EXTRAORDINARY SESSION

10.

11. Change to the company’s administration and management
form by adopting the Board of Directors form.

Authorisation to be granted to the Management Board or the
Board of Directors, as applicable, to grant stock options to
salaried employees and/or certain corporate officers of the
company or related companies, duration of the authorisation,
cap, exercise price, maximum option term.

13. Powers to complete formalities.

RESOLUTIONS TO BE SUBMITTED FOR VOTING IN
THE EVENT OF APPROVAL OF THE 11™ RESOLUTION

EXTRAORDINARY SESSION

12.

14. Approval of the new wording of the company’s bylaws.
15. Transfer to the Board of Directors of the authorisations
granted to the Management Board by the General Meeting.

ORDINARY SESSION

16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.

Appointment of Jean Guillaume DESPATURE as Director.
Appointment of Florence NOBLOT as Director.

Appointment of Michel ROLLIER as Director.

Appointment of Sophie DESORMIERE as Director.

Appointment of Anthony STAHL as Director.

Appointment of Paule CELLARD as Director.

22. Appointment of Bertrand PARMENTIER as Director.

23. Appointment of Marie BAVAREL-DESPATURE as Director.

24. Fixed annual sum to be allocated to members of the Board of
Directors.

Approval of the remuneration policy for the Chairman of the
Board of Directors.

Approval of the remuneration policy for the Chief Executive
Officer.

Approval of the remuneration policy for the Deputy Chief
Executive Officer.

Approval of the remuneration policy for the Directors.

25.

26.

27.

28.

37

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

RESOLUTIONS TO BE SUBMITTED FOR VOTING IN
THE EVENT OF REJECTION OF THE 11™ RESOLUTION

ORDINARY SESSION

29. Renewal of the term of office of Florence NOBLOT as member
of the Supervisory Board.

30. Renewal of the term of office of Sophie DESORMIERE as
member of the Supervisory Board.

31. Renewal of the term of office of Paule CELLARD as member of
the Supervisory Board.

32. Non-replacement and non-renewal of the term of office of
Victor DESPATURE as member of the Supervisory Board.

33. Approval of the remuneration policy for members of the

Supervisory Board.

APPROVAL OF THE INFORMATION REFERRED TO IN
PARAGRAPH | OF ARTICLE L. 22-10-9 OF THE
COMMERCIAL CODE (resolution 5)

You will be asked to approve the information included in
paragraph | of Article L. 22-10-9 of the Commercial Code,
presented the paragraph “Information referred to in paragraph | of
Article L. 22-10-9 of the Commercial Code” of the report on
corporate governance included in the 2020 Annual Financial
Report.

APPROVAL OF THE FIXED, VARIABLE AND
EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS COMPRISING TOTAL
REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS OF ANY KIND PAID
OR ALLOCATED DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR JUST
ENDED TO JEAN GUILLAUME DESPATURE,
CHAIRMAN OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD
(resolution 6)

It will be proposed that you approve the fixed, variable and
exceptional items comprising total remuneration and benefits of
any kind paid or allocated during the financial year just ended to
Jean Guillaume DESPATURE, Chairman of the Management Board,
as presented in the report on corporate governance included in
the 2020 Annual Financial Report, paragraph “Fixed, variable and
exceptional items comprising total remuneration and benefits of
any kind paid or allocated during the financial year just ended to
the Chairman of the Management Board, members of the
Management Board and the Chairman of the Supervisory Board”.

APPROVAL OF THE FIXED, VARIABLE AND
EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS COMPRISING TOTAL
REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS OF ANY KIND PAID
OR ALLOCATED DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR JUST
ENDED TO PIERRE RIBEIRO, MEMBER OF THE
MANAGEMENT BOARD AND CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER (resolution 7)

It will be proposed that you approve the fixed, variable and
exceptional items comprising total remuneration and benefits of
any kind paid or allocated during the financial year just ended to
Pierre RIBEIRO, member of the Management Board and Chief
Financial Officer, as presented in the report on corporate
governance included in the 2020 Annual Financial Report,
paragraph “Fixed, variable and exceptional items comprising total
remuneration and benefits of any kind paid or allocated during the
financial year just ended to the Chairman of the Management
Board, members of the Management Board and the Chairman of
the Supervisory Board”.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 19 ---

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

APPROVAL OF THE FIXED, VARIABLE AND
EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS COMPRISING TOTAL
REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS OF ANY KIND PAID
OR ALLOCATED DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR JUST
ENDED TO MICHEL ROLLIER, CHAIRMAN OF THE
SUPERVISORY BOARD (resolution 8)

It will be proposed that you approve the fixed, variable and
exceptional items comprising total remuneration and benefits of
any kind paid or allocated during the financial year just ended to
Michel ROLLIER, Chairman of the Supervisory Board, as presented
in the report on corporate governance included in the 2020 Annual
Financial Report, paragraph “Fixed, variable and exceptional items
comprising total remuneration and benefits of any kind paid or
allocated during the financial year just ended to the Chairman of
the Management Board, members of the Management Board and
the Chairman of the Supervisory Board”.

APPROVAL OF THE REMUNERATION POLICY FOR THE
CHAIRMAN OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND THE
MEMBER(S) OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD
(resolution 9)

It will be proposed that you approve the remuneration policy for
the Chairman and member(s) of the Management Board as
presented in the report on corporate governance included in the
2020 Annual Financial Report (paragraph “Corporate officers’
remuneration policy”).

This policy will only apply to the period from 1 January 2021 until 1
June 2021 in the event of approval of the 11" resolution. For this
period, the qualitative criteria relating to the variable
remuneration for 2021 of the Chairman and members of the
Management Board has changed in relation to the policy approved
at the 2020 General Meeting, and for this reason it is necessary for
you to vote on this policy, even in the event of approval of the 11"
resolution.

AUTHORISATION TO BE GRANTED TO THE
MANAGEMENT BOARD OR THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS, AS APPLICABLE, FOR THE BUYBACK BY
THE COMPANY OF ITS OWN SHARES PURSUANT TO
ARTICLE L. 22-10-62 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE —
DURATION OF THE AUTHORISATION, OBJECTIVES,
TERMS AND CONDITIONS, CAP (resolution 10)

A share buyback plan for a period of 18 months will be submitted

for your approval. This plan would replace the current programme,

which would be terminated early. It would allow the Management

Board or the Board of Directors, as applicable, to purchase up to

10% of the shares of the company, if necessary restated for any

potential capital increase or decrease transactions that may be

carried out over the timeframe of the programme.

This authorisation would supersede the authorisation granted to

the Management Board by the 15" resolution to the General

Meeting of 24 June 2020, sitting in ordinary session.

The objectives of this programme would be:

— to stimulate the secondary market or ensure the liquidity of the
Somfy share, by way of an investment services provider within a
liquidity contract that complies with practices recognised by
regulations, it being specified that within this framework the
number of shares considered for the calculation of the limit
specified above corresponds to the number of shares purchased
less the number of shares resold;

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020

38

to retain the shares purchased and subsequently exchange them
or use them as payment within the framework of potential
acquisitions;

to ensure the coverage of stock option plans and/ or free share
allocation plans (or similar) granted to employees and/or
corporate officers of the Group, as well as all other shares
allocated under a company or group savings scheme (or similar),
in relation to employee profit-sharing and/or any other form of
allocation to employees and/or corporate officers of the Group;

to cover marketable securities giving right to the allocation of
company shares, in accordance with applicable regulations;

to proceed with the possible cancellation of shares acquired,
subject to the authorisation granted by the General Meeting of
shareholders of 24 June 2020 in its 16" resolution, sitting in
extraordinary session.

Such share purchases could be effected by all means, including by
means of acquiring blocks of shares and at any times considered
appropriate by the Management Board or the Board of Directors,
as applicable.

The company would reserve the right to use options or derivative
instruments, in accordance with applicable regulations.

We propose to set the maximum purchase price at €200 per share.
The maximum value of the transaction, taking account of the
1,083,875 treasury shares held at 31 December 2020, would
therefore be set at €216,775,000.

CHANGE TO THE COMPANY’S ADMINISTRATION
AND MANAGEMENT FORM BY ADOPTING THE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS FORM (resolution 11)

We propose changing the administration and management form of
our company to adopt the form with a Board of Directors,
replacing that with a Management Board and a Supervisory Board.
This change would help to strengthen the Group’s agility and
foundations, achieving a better balance between strategic vision
and operational excellence, at a time of many challenges and
significant opportunities, due in particular to the acceleration of
the digital and environmental transitions that have brought the
home back to the forefront of consumers’ attention.

We remind you that with this form of administration of Limited
Companies, the company is managed by a Board of Directors
comprising a minimum of three and a maximum of eighteen
members. The Board of Directors, acting collectively, is vested with
the most extensive powers to act in all circumstances in the name
of the company.

The Board of Directors shall elect from among its members a
Chairman who must be an individual.

General Management is carried out, under his/her responsibility,
either by the Chairman of the Board of Directors or by another
individual selected from amongst the members of the Board or
outside it, who bears the title of Chief Executive Officer.

The Board of Directors chooses between the two methods of
exercising General Management. It can modify its choice at any
time. In each case, it informs shareholders and third parties
accordingly pursuant to applicable regulations.

The Board of Directors’ mission is to determine the strategic
direction of the company’s operations and to oversee their
implementation, in accordance with its corporate purpose, taking
into consideration the social and environmental challenges of its
business. Subject to the powers expressly conferred to the
Shareholders’ General Meetings and within the limit of the
corporate purpose, it handles any matters pertaining to the proper
functioning of the company and settles matters concerning it
through its deliberations. In its relationships with third parties, the
company shall be bound even by the acts of the Board of Directors
that do not fall within the scope of the corporate purpose, unless it
can prove that the third party knew that the act went beyond this


--- Page 20 ---

purpose or that they could not have been unaware of it given the

circumstances. The Board of Directors carries out the checks and

verifications it deems appropriate.

As a result of the change to the company’s administration and

management form, you will also be asked to take note of the

continuation of the terms of the incumbent Principal Statutory

Auditors for the duration of their terms originally set, namely:

— the firm Ernst & Young et Autres until the end of the Ordinary
General Meeting to be held in 2022 and called to approve the
financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December
2021;

— the firm KPMG SA until the end of the Ordinary General Meeting
to be held in 2022 and called to approve the financial
statements for the financial year ending December 2021.

AUTHORISATION TO BE GRANTED TO THE
MANAGEMENT BOARD OR THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS, AS APPLICABLE, TO GRANT STOCK
OPTIONS TO SALARIED EMPLOYEES AND/OR
CERTAIN CORPORATE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY
OR RELATED COMPANIES — DURATION OF THE
AUTHORISATION — CAP — EXERCISE PRICE —
MAXIMUM OPTION TERM (resolution 12)

It will be proposed that you vote on the authorisation to be given
to the Management Board or the Board of Directors, as applicable,
for a period of 38 months, to grant stock options to employees, to
some of them or to certain categories of employees, and/or
corporate officers as defined by law, of the company or related
companies or affiliated economic interest groups under the
conditions of Article L. 225-180 of the Commercial Code.

The total number of options that may be granted by the
Management Board or the Board of Directors, as applicable, under
this authorisation may not entitle beneficiaries to purchase more
than 1.5% of the share capital outstanding on the date of this
Meeting, it being specified that this limit will count towards the
total number of shares that may be granted free of charge by the
Management Board or the Board of Directors, as applicable, under
the authorisation granted by the 12" resolution to the General
Meeting of 22 May 2019, sitting in extraordinary session, and
under any other similar subsequent authorisation granted by the
General Meeting.

The purchase price of the shares by the beneficiaries would be set
on the date options are granted by the Management Board or the
Board of Directors, as applicable, pursuant to regulations, and may
not be lower than the average closing price of the last 20 trading
days of the share on Euronext Paris preceding the date options are
allocated.

The term of the options set by the Management Board or the
Board of Directors, as applicable, may not exceed a period of six
years from their date of allocation.

As such, the Management Board or the Board of Directors, as
applicable, would have, within the limits set above, all necessary
powers to determine the other conditions and arrangements for
the allocation of the options and their exercise and notably to set
the conditions under which the options will be granted and to
approve the list or categories of beneficiaries as provided for
above, to set the period(s) during which the options thereby
granted may be exercised, provide for the capacity to temporarily
suspend the exercise of options for a maximum of three months in
the event of financial transactions involving the exercise of a right
attached to the shares, and generally do anything that may be
required in this regard.

39

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

RESOLUTIONS TO BE SUBMITTED FOR VOTING IN
THE EVENT OF APPROVAL OF THE 11™ RESOLUTION
OF THIS GENERAL MEETING

The following resolutions shall only be put to the vote in the event
of approval of the 11" resolution relating to the change to the
company’s administration and management form by adopting the
legal form of a Limited Company with a Board of Directors.

APPROVAL OF THE NEW WORDING OF THE COMPANY’S
BYLAWS (resolution 14)

As part of the plan to change the company’s administration and
management form, we will submit to you the draft bylaws that
would govern the company in its legal form of a Limited Company
with a Board of Directors, it being specified that other than the
amendments necessary for the adjustments required by this form
of governance, you will be asked to remove from the bylaws the
reference according to which “The Ordinary General Meeting has
sole authority to decide on or authorise the issue of ordinary
bonds”, so that the Board of Directors has the capacity to decide
on or authorise the issue of ordinary bonds, in accordance with the
provisions of Article L. 228-40 of the Commercial Code.

You will be asked, as a result of the adoption of the legal form of a
Limited Company with a Board of Directors, to adopt, article by
article, and then in its entirety, the new wording of the bylaws
(incorporating the changes inherent in the adoption of the
company’s new administration and management form as well as
the specific amendment detailed above), which will govern the
company if you approve it.

It is specified that the amendments to the bylaws make no
changes to the corporate contract likely to lead to the creation of a
new moral entity and that the overhaul of the bylaws, if you
approve it, will have an immediate effect.

TRANSFER TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE
AUTHORISATIONS GRANTED TO THE MANAGEMENT BOARD BY
THE GENERAL MEETING (resolution 15)

You will be asked, as a result of the change to the company’s
administration and management form covered by the 11”
resolution and subject to its approval, to acknowledge that the
authorisations previously granted by the General Meeting to the
Management Board pursuant to the resolutions covered below,
will now benefit the Board of Directors, for the remainder of their
term:

— the authorisation to cancel the shares bought back by the
company under the provisions of Article L. 225-209 of the
Commercial Code (recodified in Article L. 22-10-62 of the
Commercial Code with effect from 1 January 2021), granted by
the Combined General Meeting of 24 June 2020 as part of its
sixteenth ordinary resolution;

— the authorisation to allocate free of charge existing shares for
the benefit of salaried members of staff of the company or
companies related to it either directly or indirectly within the
meaning of Article L. 225-197-2 of the Commercial Code and/or
corporate officers who fulfil the criteria set by Article
L. 225-197-1 of the Commercial Code, granted by the Combined
General Meeting of 22 May 2019 as part of its twelfth
extraordinary resolution.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 21 ---

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

APPOINTMENT OF THE DIRECTORS (resolutions 16 to 23)

In the event of approval of the 11" resolution, the change to the
administration and management form will trigger the automatic
expiry of the terms of office of all members of the Supervisory and

Management Boards and you will then be asked to appoint, for

durations of terms of office of one, two, three and four years, as

appropriate, so as to ensure they are staggered pursuant to Article

14 of the recently amended bylaws, the following Directors:

— each for a period of four years, to expire at the end of the
General Meeting called in 2025 to approve the financial
statements for the year then ended:

e Jean Guillaume DESPATURE,
e Florence NOBLOT,

Sophie DESORMIERE,

@ Paule CELLARD;

— each for a period of three years, pursuant to the provisions of
Article 14 of the bylaws, to expire at the end of the General
Meeting called in 2024 to approve the financial statements for
the year then ended:

e Bertrand PARMENTIER,
@ Marie BAVAREL-DESPATURE;

— for a period of two years, pursuant to the provisions of Article
14 of the bylaws, to expire at the end of the General Meeting
called in 2023 to approve the financial statements for the year
then ended:

@ Anthony STAHL;

— fora period of one year, pursuant to the provisions of Article 14
of the bylaws, to expire at the end of the General Meeting called
in 2022 to approve the financial statements for the year then
ended:

@ Michel ROLLIER.

Independence and gender parity

It is specified that the Supervisory Board considers that Florence

NOBLOT, Sophie DESORMIERE, Paule CELLARD, Michel ROLLIER

and Bertrand PARMENTIER all qualify as independent members

under Middlenext Code criteria.

Should these appointments be approved, the Board of Directors

would be comprised of:

— 4 men and 4 women, in compliance with gender parity rules,
and

— 5 independent members, in accordance
recommendations of the Middlenext Code.

with the

Expertise, experience and skills

The information concerning the expertise and experience of the
proposed members of the Board of Directors is detailed in the
paragraph “Expertise and experience of members of the
Supervisory Board” of the report on corporate governance which is
included in the 2020 Annual Financial Report.

We inform you that, in accordance with the law, at its first session
held at the end of the General Meeting, the Board of Directors will
appoint its Chairman and will select the method of exercising
General Management.

For your information, we note that it is at this stage considered
that the functions of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and
the Chief Executive Office be separated, and that the role of
Chairman of the Board of Directors be entrusted to Jean Guillaume
DESPATURE and that of CEO be entrusted to Pierre RIBEIRO. The
appointment of Valérie DIXMIER as Deputy Chief Executive Officer
in charge of People, Culture and Organisation, is also being
considered.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020

40

FIXED ANNUAL SUM TO BE ALLOCATED TO MEMBERS OF THE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS (resolution 24)

In the event of approval of the 11" resolution, you will be asked to
set the annual fixed amount to be allocated to Directors at
€700,000 in respect of the current financial year and until a new
decision is made.

APPROVAL OF THE REMUNERATION POLICY FOR THE
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS (resolution 25)

In the event of approval of the 11" resolution, it will be proposed
that you approve the remuneration policy for the Chairman of the
Board of Directors, as presented in the report on corporate
governance included in the 2020 Annual Financial Report
(paragraph “Corporate officers’ remuneration policy”).

APPROVAL OF THE REMUNERATION POLICY FOR THE CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER (resolution 26)

In the event of approval of the 11" resolution, it will be proposed
that you approve the remuneration policy for the Chief Executive
Officer, as presented in the report on corporate governance
included in the 2020 Annual Financial Report (paragraph
“Corporate officers’ remuneration policy”).

APPROVAL OF THE REMUNERATION POLICY FOR THE DEPUTY
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (resolution 27)

In the event of approval of the 11" resolution, it will be proposed
that you approve the remuneration policy for the Deputy Chief
Executive Officer, as presented in the report on corporate
governance included in the 2020 Annual Financial Report
(paragraph “Corporate officers’ remuneration policy”).

APPROVAL OF THE REMUNERATION POLICY FOR THE
DIRECTORS (resolution 28)

In the event of approval of the 11" resolution, it will be proposed
that you approve the remuneration policy for the Directors, as
presented in the report on corporate governance included in the
2020 Annual Financial Report (paragraph “Corporate officers’
remuneration policy”).

RESOLUTIONS TO BE SUBMITTED FOR VOTING IN
THE EVENT OF REJECTION OF THE 11 RESOLUTION
OF THIS GENERAL MEETING

The following resolutions shall only be put to the vote in the event
of rejection of the 11" resolution relating to the change to the
company’s administration and management form by adopting the
legal form of a Limited Company with a Board of Directors.

RENEWAL OF THE TERM OF OFFICE OF FLORENCE NOBLOT AS
MEMBER OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD (resolution 29)

We hereby remind you that Florence NOBLOT’s term of office as a
member of the Supervisory Board expires at the end of the next
Annual General Meeting.

In the event of rejection of the 11" resolution, it will be proposed
that you renew the term of office of Florence NOBLOT as member
of the Supervisory Board for a period of four years, to expire at the
end of the General Meeting called in 2025 to approve the financial
statements for the year then ended.


--- Page 22 ---

RENEWAL OF THE TERM OF OFFICE OF SOPHIE DESORMIERE AS
MEMBER OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD (resolution 30)

We hereby remind you that Sophie DESORMIERE’s term of office
as a member of the Supervisory Board expires at the end of the
next Annual General Meeting.

In the event of rejection of the 11" resolution, it will be proposed
that you renew the term of office of Sophie DESORMIERE as
member of the Supervisory Board for a period of four years, to
expire at the end of the General Meeting called in 2025 to approve
the financial statements for the year then ended.

RENEWAL OF THE TERM OF OFFICE OF PAULE CELLARD AS
MEMBER OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD (resolution 31)

We hereby remind you that Paule CELLARD’s term of office as a
member of the Supervisory Board expires at the end of the next
Annual General Meeting.

In the event of rejection of the 11" resolution, it will be proposed
that you renew the term of office of Paule CELLARD as member of
the Supervisory Board for a period of four years, to expire at the
end of the General Meeting called in 2025 to approve the financial
statements for the year then ended.

NON-REPLACEMENT AND NON-RENEWAL OF THE TERM OF
OFFICE OF VICTOR DESPATURE AS MEMBER OF THE
SUPERVISORY BOARD (resolution 32)

We hereby remind you that Victor DESPATURE’s term of office as a
member of the Supervisory Board expires at the end of the next
Annual General Meeting.

In his capacity as a member of the Supervisory Board, Victor
DESPATURE indicated that he did not want his term of office to be
renewed.

In the event of rejection of the 11" resolution, it will be proposed
that you do not reappoint him or replace him, but that you
acknowledge the end of his term of office.

4

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

Independence and gender parity

It is specified that the Supervisory Board considers that, amongst
these proposed members, Florence NOBLOT, Sophie DESORMIERE
and Paule CELLARD are considered to be independent members by
the Supervisory Board based on the Middlenext Code criteria.
Subject to the approval of these reappointments, the Board would
comprise four women and three men, in accordance with parity
rules, and five independent members, in accordance with
Middlenext recommendations.

Expertise, experience and skills

The information concerning the expertise and experience of
Florence NOBLOT, Sophie DESORMIERE et Paule CELLARD are
detailed in the paragraph “Expertise and experience of members
of the Supervisory Board” of the report on corporate governance
which is included in the 2020 Annual Financial Report.

APPROVAL OF THE REMUNERATION POLICY FOR MEMBERS OF
THE SUPERVISORY BOARD (resolution 33)

In the event of rejection of the 11" resolution, it will be proposed
that you approve the remuneration policy for the members of the
Supervisory Board as presented in the report on corporate
governance included in the 2020 Annual Financial Report
(paragraph “Corporate officers’ remuneration policy”).

Your Management Board asks you to approve the above
resolutions submitted to your vote, it being specified that the 14"
to 28" resolutions will be put to the vote and postal votes cast in
relation to these resolutions will be counted only in the event the
11" resolution is approved, and that the 29" to 33” resolutions
will be put to the vote and postal votes cast in relation to these
resolutions will be counted only in the event the 11" resolution is
rejected.

The Management Board

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 23 ---

02 MANAGEMENT BOARD MANAGEMENT REPORT

APPENDIX: SOMFY SA FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS

€ thousands 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
1. Financial position at the balance sheet date

a) Share capital 7,400 7,400 7,400 7,400 7,400
b) Number of shares issued 7,400,000 | 37,000,000 ) 37,000,000 | 37,000,000} 37,000,000
c) Number of bonds convertible into shares - - - - -
2. Overall result of current operations

a) Net sales 2,919 3,234 3,412 3,705 3,862
b) oe rowton cha arn ation, depreciation 106,992 86,979 94,252} 116,910 97,790
c) Income tax 1,089 25,516 4,457 2,913 2,345
a) oe ravilon chameeeation, depreciation 119,375] 107,111] 98,241) + 114,988] 100,960
e) Distributed profit* 45,140 48,100 51,800 46,250** 68,450
3. Earnings per share

opis per sr asx ut efor amortisation si] ao] 267] az] a
b) ene ea nga tax, amortisation, depreciation 16.13 2.89 2.66 341 273
c) Dividend distributed per share 6.10 1.30 1.40 1.25** 1.85
4. Workforce

a) Number of employees at end of year 3 4 10 11 11
b) Total payroll paid 724 959 1,146 1,586 1,694
c) Amount paid in relation to employee benefits 207 326 222 305 371

(Social Security, charities, etc.)

* This amount corresponds to the proposed dividend for the last financial year ended before its approval by the General Meeting (which is held in
N+1). Consequently, it includes the amount of the dividend relating to treasury shares that will not be paid.
** The dividend amount was revised downwards at the General Meeting of 24 June 2020.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020

42
