

--- Page 1 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2020
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO

Empowering people in their daily lives

One year ago, as | sat down to write my opening message for last
year’s annual report, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic had
begun to take hold in society, with restrictions and uncertainty
impacting people and businesses alike. Schibsted’s response was
to swiftly shift its priorities and resources during the first quarter of
2020, to safeguard our employees and manage the significant
negative financial and operational effects of the measures imposed
on society to reduce the spread of the virus.

At the same time, we emphasized that Schibsted, through its
strong media positions in Norway and Sweden, would play a vital
role in this time of crisis. Delivering on that role has been our
highest priority. We were confident that, with our solid financials
and highly competent employees, Schibsted was well positioned
to navigate the turbulent times ahead and to find the extraordinary
value-creating opportunities that often arise during difficult times.

Now, twelve months later, there is no doubt that we did just that.
Over the last three quarters of 2020, we not only navigated a
turbulent situation and secured solid financial results; we also
found those extraordinary value-creating opportunities. Based on

long-term strategies and efforts, and as a major next step after the
spin-off in 2019, Adevinta announced in July a definitive agreement
to acquire eBay Classifieds Group, thereby creating the largest
online classifieds group in the world. Moreover - with the
acquisition of the Finnish marketplace Oikotie from Sanoma, and
the upcoming acquisition of Danish marketplaces DBA.dk and
Bilbasen.dk related to the Adevinta/eBay transaction - Schibsted
took important steps toward becoming the true Nordic
powerhouse we have aspired to be.

While we are proud of our financial results and of the positions we
gained in 2020, we are equally proud of how we have used those
results and positions to deliver on our mission of empowering
people in their daily lives. Whether it be through the efforts of our
news media to inform the public about the pandemic and the
restrictions imposed to combat it, through the ability of our
marketplaces to enable people to do business together safely,
reliably and efficiently, through the capability of our distribution
businesses to connect consumers and producers even during
lockdown, or through the digital services supplied by our growth
companies that enhance market transparency; the entire
Schibsted family of products and services has contributed to
fulfilling our mission.

We believe in the power of our societal role, because we believe
companies are more sustainable in every way - including
financially - when their purpose is about more than making a
profit. This has been a core belief in Schibsted for a long time.
Creating value at multiple levels and for all our stakeholders is not
a balancing act, but a positive spiral. Creating value for consumers
leads to increased use of services that benefit society, which in turn
attracts people we want to work with and increases the value of our
business for our owners and investors.

Each Schibsted business contributes in its own way and according
to its goals. As a family, we see the proof of this logic at work when
we see how value is created for each stakeholder group in unison.
And as a group, we see the proof of this logic when people find our
products and services valuable, and make them a part of their lives
in ways that change how they act, consume, and understand the
world. That’s where we can see Schibsted’s true impact on society.
That impact matters even more in challenging and turbulent times
like these.

bilo,

Kristin Skogen Lund
CEO of Schibsted

Schibsted


--- Page 2 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2020
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Board of Directors’ report

2020 proved to be an exceptional year, in which Schibsted and Adevinta reached important milestones
and our businesses proved increasingly relevant and resilient in a highly uncertain market environment.

In July, Adevinta announced an agreement to acquire eBay
Classifieds Group. The acquisition is expected to close during the
second quarter of 2021, creating the largest online classifieds
group in the world. We are confident that this will further
strengthen the company’s value creation potential for Schibsted
and the rest of Adevinta’s shareholders. As part of this transaction,
Schibsted will acquire eBay Classifieds’ leading online classifieds
businesses DBA.dk and Bilbasen.dk in Denmark. Together with the
acquisition of Oikotie in Finland, which was closed during the
summer, this will enhance Schibsted’s position as the true Nordic
online classifieds champion, well positioned for further growth.

In addition to these important structural milestones, our
businesses proved resilient and achieved solid financial results
with robust revenue development in a year characterized by high
uncertainty due to the COVID-19 pandemic. One year into the
pandemic, our businesses are in good - or even better - positions.
We are confident that our services will continue to be highly
relevant for our customers and society at large, which is an
important precondition for Schibsted’s continued growth and
value creation.

This brings us to the core of Schibsted’s strategy: we will continue
to drive digital growth by developing leading marketplaces in the
Nordics, world-class news operations and promising services like
Lendo and Prisjakt. In addition, we will focus on creating new
digital winners by leveraging Schibsted’s strong reach, access to
data, and common services, competencies, and market
knowledge. Value-creating consolidations and M&A activities will
continue to be an integrated part of this growth strategy. The
primary aim in terms of M&A is to further strengthen the positions
of our current business activities, particularly within Nordic
Marketplaces.

By providing independent high-quality news, operating and
developing our leading marketplaces, and helping consumers
make the best personal finance decisions, we will continue to
deliver on our mission of “Empowering people in their daily lives”
and create value for all stakeholders. In times of fragmentation of
news sources and fake news, society needs trustworthy and
independent news providers, and Schibsted will continue to meet
this need. Our marketplaces and financial services also play vital
roles for consumers and society at large. Fair and transparent
marketplaces and trustworthy financial intermediaries are
important for society. And Schibsted is particularly proud of the
significant positive effect our marketplaces have on the
environment through second-hand trading of goods.

Finally, it is the Board’s ambition that Schibsted continues to be an
active and supportive anchor investor in Adevinta, focusing on
long-term growth and value creation to the benefit of shareholders
both in Adevinta and in Schibsted. Schibsted operates some of the
most advanced online classified companies in the world, and has a

Schibsted

proven track record of shareholder value creation in the industry.
This makes us well placed to seek influence and contribute to
further shareholder value creation in Adevinta through the
shareholders’ meeting and board representation.

2020 has also been an exceptional year for our employees. For the
majority, COVID-19 has led to major changes in their work situation
and relationships with colleagues. Most of our employees have
worked from home since March 2020. The Board pays special
tribute to the company's employees for the impressive efforts they
have made to create both good results and develop the business
further under such special circumstances.

Further changes to the composition of the Group

In addition to the Oikotie acquisition in Finland, the DBA and
Bilbasen acquisitions in Denmark, and Adevinta’s eBay
transaction, Schibsted made other changes to the composition of
the Group in 2020.

In the first quarter, Schibsted closed the sale of its newspaper
operations in Agder to Polaris Media, and in the second quarter it
disposed of a former printing plant property in Stavanger.
Schibsted was also involved in other minor acquisitions and
disposals during the year, especially within ventures.

After signing the agreement to acquire eBay Classifieds Group,
Adevinta was classified as a disposal group held for sale, and as a
discontinued operation. The post-tax profits of discontinued
operations are presented as a separate line item in the income
statement, and comparative figures for 2019 are re-presented.

Following the acquisition by Adevinta, with expected closing
during the second quarter of 2021, Schibsted’s ownership interest
will be reduced to 33.1 percent of the capital and 39.5 percent of
the votes. The retained ownership interest in Adevinta will be
recognized as an associated company at its fair value and will be
accounted for using the equity method.

Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group

One year into the COVID-19 pandemic, Schibsted’s businesses are
in good positions. While some parts of our businesses were
negatively affected by the pandemic, others faced only a
temporary decline or used opportunities from changed consumer
behavior and trends to strengthen their positions and grow their
customer base.

Print advertising and casual sales in News Media, the job verticals
in Nordic Marketplaces and the travel vertical in Finn saw
significant declines in revenues due to the pandemic and the
severe measures taken by governments to reduce the spread of the
virus. The car and real estate verticals in Nordic Marketplaces and
digital advertising in News Media all managed to recover during the
year after the sharp decline following the outbreak of the pandemic


--- Page 3 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2020
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT

in the first quarter. The same applied to the job vertical in Norway
towards the end of the year.

Both our News Media and online classified sites managed strong
growth in traffic volumes, particularly in the early phase of the
pandemic. These levels remained high throughout the year,
underlining the importance of these digital positions for people in
their everyday lives. Our Distribution business, particularly
Helthjem and Prisjakt, achieved very strong growth during the
year, driven by the strong hike in e-commerce during the
pandemic.

To address the uncertain market environment and revenue decline
in parts of our business, Schibsted tightened cost control in the first
quarter of 2020 in parallel with executing the previously
announced cost reduction program in News Media. To maintain
financial flexibility in times of significant uncertainty, it was also
decided not to pay a dividend for 2019, and the company took
steps early in the second quarter to strengthen its liquidity position
by refinancing a NOK 1 billion bond.

Further comments on the Group’s results

Schibsted’s consolidated revenues in 2020 totaled
NOK 12,908 million (NOK 12,653 million)', up 2 percent compared
to last year. Despite the uncertainty and negative effects caused by
the pandemic, all operating segments achieved revenue growth
except for News Media. The Group’s gross operating profit
(EBITDA) amounted to NOK 2,126 million (NOK 1,977 million),
equivalent to a growth rate of 8 percent. The positive development
in EBITDA includes effects from the cost reduction program in News
Media.

Schibsted’s share of profit (loss) from joint ventures and associates
totaled NOK -44 million (NOK -58 million). This development is
mainly explained by improved results in Rocker and positive
results from our investment in Polaris Media, offset by increased
investments in long-term growth initiatives in entities included in
the Financial Services and Growth portfolios.

Impairment loss in 2020 was NOK -61 million (NOK -35 million).
Current year’s impairment consists mainly of write-down of
investments in associated companies in Growth, and certain
discontinued initiatives within product and technology.

In 2020 the Group’s other income and expenses amounted to
NOK -90 million (NOK -151 million). This is mainly transaction-
related costs in connection with the acquisition of Oikotie, DBA and
Bilbasen and restructuring costs related to headcount reductions
in News Media, offset by gains on the sale of the former printing
plant property in Stavanger and newspaper operations in Agder.

Operating profit in 2020 amounted to NOK 1,101 million
(NOK 920 million)'.

Profit (loss) after tax from discontinued operations (Adevinta
business) amounted to NOK -233 million (NOK 642 million)’. This
development reflects the negative impact of COVID-19 on EBITDA
in Adevinta’s main markets, but is mainly explained by losses on
derivative instruments entered into by Adevinta to hedge foreign
currency exposure related to the Grupo Zap acquisition not
qualifying for hedge accounting, and by acquisition and

integration costs related to the upcoming acquisition of eBay
Classifieds Group.

Profit in Adevinta was adjusted for the effect of not depreciating,
amortizing, and impairment of non-current assets and for
discontinuing the equity method for associated companies and
joint ventures. This affected profit (loss) from discontinued
operations positively by NOK 552 million after tax in 2020.

Financial position and cash flow

Net cash flow from operating activities excluding discontinuing
operations was NOK 1,292 million for the year, compared to
NOK 1,532 million in 2019. The reduced cash flow is due mainly to
timing differences in cash transfers from external trade receivables
debt collector, offset by the increased EBITDA in 2020. The
difference between operating profit and cash flow from operating
activities is due mainly to depreciation, amortization and sales
gains without cash effects and taxes paid during the year.

Net cash flow from investing activities excluding discontinuing
operations was NOK -2,654 million for the year, compared to
NOK -888 million in 2019. In 2020 investing activities were mainly
related to Nordic Marketplaces acquiring Oikotie and to product
and technology development across all operating segments, and
were to a lesser extent offset by proceeds from the sale of the
former printing plant property in Stavanger and of the newspaper
operations in Agder in News Media.

Net cash flow from financing activities excluding discontinuing
operations was NOK -498 million in 2020 compared to
NOK 1,219 million in 2019. Financing activities for 2020 were mainly
related to payment of lease liabilities, dividends to and purchases
of non-controlling interests, and buyback of own shares. In 2019,
financing activities were heavily affected by proceeds from the sale
of shares in Adevinta, offset by buyback of own shares.

In discontinued operations, net cash flow from operating activities,
investing activities and financing activities were NOK 1,110 million
(NOK 1,312 million)’, NOK -3,455 million (NOK -1,356 million)‘ and
NOK 3,122 million (NOK 210 million)! respectively. For further
details, see Adevinta’s annual report for 2020 published on
www.adevinta.com/ir.

The carrying amount of the Group’s assets increased by
NOK 15,700 million to NOK 48,478 million during 2020. The increase
was mainly related to Adevinta and included assets presented as
assets held for sale at the end of 2020. The Group’s net interest-
bearing debt increased by NOK 510 million to NOK 2,462 million.
The Group’s equity ratio was 33 percent at the end of 2020,
compared to 52 percent at the end of 2019.

Schibsted has a well diversified loan portfolio with loans from both
the Norwegian bond market and Nordic Investment Bank. In
addition, Schibsted has a revolving credit facility of EUR 300 million
and a bridge facility of EUR 350 million. None of these facilities was
drawn at the end of 2020.

Comments on the operating segments
Unless otherwise stated, all percentages in this section are based
on amounts in NOK.

Schibsted


--- Page 4 ---

Nordic Marketplaces

In 2020, Nordic Marketplaces showed operating revenue growth of
4 percent (and a decline of 4 percent when adjusted for both
foreign exchange and new acquisitions in 2020) and an EBITDA
margin of 42 percent. The revenue growth was driven by the
Oikotie acquisition and favorable foreign exchange rates, offset by
a COVID-19-related decline in the job and travel verticals combined
with a volatile advertising market. Nordic Marketplaces actively
reduced its variable costs as a measure to balance the negative
revenue effects of COVID-19, contributing positively to the EBITDA
margin performance.

Marketplaces Norway

The operating revenues for Marketplaces Norway declined by
4 percent in 2020. The effects of the pandemic led to both growth
and decline in Finn.no’s verticals. The car vertical grew, driven by
upsell products, while strong market conditions contributed to
growth in the real estate vertical. The pandemic had negative
effects on the job vertical, where new and upsell products reduced
the financial impact of the declining volumes, while the travel
vertical had the largest negative impact. Display advertising
revenues declined in 2020 due to a volatile market. Tight cost
control throughout the year contributed to an EBITDA decline of
only 2 percentage points, resulting in an EBITDA margin of
47 percent.

Marketplaces Sweden

Despite the pandemic, Marketplaces Sweden ended 2020 with a
flat (0 percent) operating revenue trend in local currency. Strong
development in the car vertical, driven by positive price effects and
upsell products at the beginning of the year, and by volume effects
combined with upsell products at the end of the year, offset the
decline in Blocket’s other verticals. Display advertising revenues
declined slightly in 2020 due to a volatile market. The EBITDA
margin in Marketplaces Sweden in local currency decreased by
2 percentage points compared to the previous year, resulting in an
EBITDA margin of 44 percent. The margin decline in EBITDA was
impacted by increased investments in mid-term growth initiatives,
partly offset by short-term cost reduction initiatives.

Marketplaces Finland

Marketplaces Finland had a revenue growth of 99 percent in local
currency, driven by the acquisition of Oikotie. The pandemic
affected the underlying operating revenue negatively in Finland.
Positive trends in real estate and the generalist marketplace were
offset by a decline in display advertising combined with negative
trends in the car and job verticals. The EBITDA margin in
Marketplaces Finland increased by 4 percentage points in local
currency compared to the previous year, resulting in an EBITDA
margin of 12 percent.

News Media

News Media operating revenues decreased by 1 percent in 2020
(-1 percent adjusting for both foreign exchange and assets sold to
Polaris Media in the first quarter of 2020). News Media revenues
were strongly affected by the pandemic at the beginning of the
year, but improved significantly in the second half when the

Schibsted

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2020
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT

decline in casual sales and print advertising was offset by a strong
21 percent growth in digital subscription revenues driven by both
volume and ARPU. The number of digital subscribers increased by
9 percent. Digital advertising also showed positive trends in the
second half of the year.

News Media managed strong traffic growth during 2020,
particularly for VG and Aftonbladet. These two brands
strengthened their positions as the primary news destinations in
Norway and Sweden respectively, driven by people’s need to stay
informed about the COVID-19 pandemic, politics and other
important events both nationally and internationally.

Despite a challenging year, News Media reached its targets for
several strategic priorities. The cost reduction program of
NOK 500 million by the end of 2021 progressed well. EBITDA grew
by 1 percentage point, resulting in an EBITDA margin of 10 percent
driven by savings from the cost program, reduced costs due to
remote work, and an improved revenue trend.

Financial Services

Financial Services achieved operating revenue growth of
4 percent in 2020, and an EBITDA increase of 2 percentage points
compared to the previous year, resulting in an EBITDA margin of
18 percent.

Lendo

Operating revenues in Lendo increased by 6 percent (-1 percent
foreign exchange neutral) and the year was marked by large growth
differences between markets. Denmark performed well and
Sweden contributed to growth despite banks becoming more
restrictive in their lending practices. Operating revenue declined in
Norway and Finland due to regulatory tightening in the consumer
credit sector and to lending constraints. EBITDA increased by
3 percentage points compared to the previous year, resulting in an
EBITDA margin of 20 percent due to improved marketing efficiency
and lower expansion investments (a result of the decisions to
discontinue operations in Poland and to significantly scale back
Austria).

Growth

Operating revenues in Growth grew by 21 percent (18 percent
foreign exchange neutral) in 2020. The EBITDA margin was
5 percent, which was the same level as the previous year.

Distribution

Operating revenues from Distribution grew by 26 percent, driven
by the huge shift to online shopping in 2020. “Distribution new
business” managed significantly increased levels of activity and
demand during 2020, and operating revenues grew by 135 percent.
This trend was driven by volume growth due to innovative new
services and an increase in the number of customers, attributable
in part to the pandemic.

Prisjakt

Prisjakt had revenue growth of 22 percent in 2020 (10 percent
foreign exchange neutral), driven partly by the impact of the
pandemic on e-commerce, and had an EBITDA margin of
31 percent.


--- Page 5 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2020
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Discontinued operations

Please refer to Adevinta's statement under “Comments on the
operating segments” in its annual report for 2020 published on
www.adevinta.com/ir.

Research and development

Schibsted has been at the heart of the digital transformation for
decades, and continues to invest substantially in improving and
developing the products offered to its users. All Group entities are
making continuous efforts to further develop existing products and
develop new products that will provide new revenue flows. In 2020
innovation efforts focused on enabling data collection and use
across the Group, machine learning, and on platforms and
components for Schibsted’s newspapers, marketplaces and
distribution technology.

Operational and financial risks

Schibsted is operating in an industry that is subject to constant
change, and is exposed to increased competition from disruptive
players, technology and new business models. Schibsted’s
commitment to technology and innovation, sustainability and
diversification of revenue streams from Marketplaces, News Media,
Financial Services and Growth companies are vital contributors to
bringing these risks to an appropriate level.

In general, Schibsted’s display advertising revenues, marketplace
revenues from the recruitment markets, and to some extent real
estate markets, are affected by macroeconomic cycles, i.e.
unemployment rates, real estate prices and GDP growth rates.

Revenues from print advertising and casual sales in News Media
and the travel vertical in Finn have particularly suffered due to the
pandemic, and while other revenue streams recovered during the
year, the long-term effects of the changes in demand for print
advertising and casual sales are uncertain. However, the digital
transformation has made Schibsted less dependent on these
revenue streams.

Schibsted uses data to provide relevant and competitive products
to our customers. We continuously work to meet legal
requirements and user expectations. We have close and ongoing
dialogue with regulators. External cyberattacks and threats against
Schibsted’s IT security may cause incidents such as loss of personal
data or sensitive business data, fraud, and inaccessible or
unreliable services. Prevention of such attacks has high priority
and is a vital part of Schibsted’s business.

Through its operations outside Norway, Schibsted is exposed to
fluctuations in the exchange rates of other currencies, mainly the
Euro and Swedish kronor. The Group makes use of loans in foreign
currencies and financial derivatives to mitigate its currency
exposure.

Schibsted’s credit risk is considered low as trade receivables are
diversified through a large number of customers, customer
categories and markets. Moreover, a major part of sales is done
through prepaid subscriptions or advertisements and credit card
payments on the purchase date. The COVID-19 pandemic
heightened uncertainty about the collectability of the Group’s
trade receivables, and the situation was monitored closely

throughout the year. Despite the COVID-19 pandemic, losses on
trade receivables did not increase significantly in 2020, which
supports the assessment of credit risk as low. Liquidity risk
associated with cash flow fluctuations is also considered low as
Schibsted has adequate equity and solid credit facilities. See
Note 24 Financial risk management in the consolidated financial
statements for more details on currency risk, credit risk and
liquidity risk.

Sustainability Report

For Schibsted, sustainability lies at the core of our business model.
Whether it be fostering democracy through quality journalism,
letting people make better choices by increasing market
transparency or making vast contributions to the circular economy
through our marketplaces, all our brands are committed to
sustainability and to our mission of empowering people in their
daily lives.

A report on sustainability has been prepared in accordance with
section 3-3c of the Norwegian Accounting Act. The report is
presented as a separate document in the annual report and
provides details on social responsibility and external environment,
as well as on equality and non-discrimination, working
environment, injuries, accidents and sickness absence. The report
is an integral part of the Board of Directors’ report.

Statement of Corporate Governance

Schibsted’s corporate governance principles are based on the
recommendations set out in the Norwegian Code of Practice for
Corporate Governance. In accordance with section 3-3b of the
Norwegian Accounting Act, a policy document describing
Schibsted’s corporate governance principles has been prepared
and is presented as a separate section in the annual report. The
policy document is an integral part of the Board of Directors’
report.

Schibsted ASA

Schibsted ASA is the parent company of the Group and is located in
Oslo, Norway. The company provides services for the Group’s other
companies. Schibsted ASA delivered a profit after tax of
NOK 2,051 million (NOK 3,405 million). Most of the profit stems
from group contributions and dividends from subsidiaries. As at
31 December 2020, Schibsted ASA had total assets of
NOK 26,783 million (NOK 23,272 million)’. The equity ratio was
53 percent (54 percent)'.

The Board proposes to allocate NOK 477 million, corresponding to
NOK 2.00 per share, to dividend payments for 2020.

The Board of Directors proposes the following allocation:
Proposed dividend ............0c:cccsseeseseeeees NOK 477 million
Transferred to other equity ..................2. NOK 1,574 million

As at 31 December 2020, Schibsted ASA had total equity of
NOK 14,151 million. The Board of Directors has determined that
Schibsted ASA had adequate equity and liquidity at year-end 2020.

Outlook
At the start of 2021, and one year into the pandemic, COVID-19 is
still having a profound impact on people's everyday lives and on

Schibsted


--- Page 6 ---

economic activity worldwide. COVID-19 vaccinations have started
but are progressing slower than initially hoped for. In addition, new
mutations of COVID-19 have raised concerns and led to tighter
restrictions in many countries. While this has increased uncertainty
in the short term, our businesses remain in good positions. Driven
by social distancing, consumers and businesses are seeking
convenient, reliable, and safe ways to buy and sell products and
services. As a result, digital transformation has accelerated across
many industries, creating new possibilities for our Nordic
Marketplaces and businesses such as Distribution and Prisjakt.
Another trend we have witnessed is the unprecedented level of
interest among consumers in our independent, high-quality
journalism in order to stay informed about the pandemic, politics,
and society at large.

While some verticals in Nordic Marketplaces will be affected by the
pandemic in the short term, we remain confident in the resilience
and growth potential of this business and adhere to our medium-
to long-term target to grow annual revenues by 8-12 percent for
this segment. We expect that the growth will be driven by three
factors: first, by leveraging our Nordic market positions driven by
the development of better products and value-added services for
our verticals; second, by the transformation to next generation
marketplaces; and finally, by expanding into new marketplace
concepts.

News Media experienced a significant decline in advertising and
casual sales revenues in the first half of 2020, driven by the
pandemic and related restrictions. However, one year into the
pandemic, our news destinations have strengthened their
positions; traffic is higher, digital advertising revenues have
returned to growth, and our subscription business has seen good,
continued growth. Looking ahead, the most important matter is
the continued transition to a future-oriented, digitally focused
news organization with an even stronger emphasis on our
subscription business. Already today, News Media has a strong and
loyal customer base in Norway and Sweden with around 1.2 million
subscriptions in total. We are currently pursuing opportunities to
further capitalize on these positions in order to secure News
Media’s long-term financial profitability and safeguard its
relevance for society. To accelerate this transition, we announced

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2020
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT

acost reduction program of NOK 500 million (the net effect will be
reduced by inflation and wage increases) in the first quarter of
2020. Implementation of the program is ahead of plan, with around
NOK 180 million of cost savings achieved in 2020. Looking at the
EBITDA margin for News Media, we are targeting a range of
8-10 percent in the medium term, assuming a more normalized
advertising market.

Within Next, Lendo is expected to grow well over time. In the short
term, the COVID-19 pandemic has led to slower revenue
development, as banks have been more restrictive due to
increased macroeconomic uncertainty. The investment in new
markets for Lendo will continue, and in Q4 we launched the service
in Spain. Lendo’s expansion is expected to affect EBITDA negatively
by around NOK 70-80 million in 2021. In Distribution, we expect
continued strong revenue growth, and will continue to focus on
new and innovative product and tech solutions that will support
the strong megatrend of growth within e-commerce and lead to
new investments.

Across all business areas, use of data is becoming increasingly
important for a wide range of purposes, from development to
personalization of products and services. At the same time,
collection and use of data have become increasingly complex due
to regulatory changes and technical restrictions, such as tracking
prevention implemented by internet browsers. Schibsted has
made good progress on a Group-wide data strategy and our goal is
to ensure sustainable use of data going forward.

Adevinta
Please refer to Adevinta's comprehensive outlook statement in its
annual report for 2020 published on www.adevinta.com/ir.

Going concern

Based on Schibsted’s long-term strategy and forecasts, and in
accordance with section 3-3a of the Norwegian Accounting Act, the
Board confirms that the prerequisites for the going concern
assumption exist and that the financial statements have been
prepared based on a going concern basis.

|. Figures in parentheses denote the corresponding period for the previous year.
I. EBITDA as defined under Definitions and reconciliations in the Financial
Statements for the Group.

Oslo, 23 March 2021
Schibsted ASA’s Board of Directors

Li,

Karl-Christian Agerup
Board member

Olf Jacob Sunde
Board Chair

Ingunn Saltbones
Board member

Board member

Birger Steen
Board member

Philippe Vimard

Board member

Schibsted

Fmd ba

Christian Ringnes
Board member

Satu Huber
Board member

Finn E. Vaga Kristin Skogen Lund

Board member

Eugénie van Wiechen
Board member CEO


--- Page 7 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2020
MEMBERS OF THE BOARD

Members of the Board (2020-2021)

Ole Jacob Sunde Karl-Christian Agerup Torbjorn Ek Satu Huber
Chairman of the Board Board member Board member Board member

Anna Mossberg Christian Ringnes —__Ingunn Saltbones Birger Steen
Board member Board member Board member Board member

Philippe Vimard Finn E. Vaga Eugénie van Wiechen
Board member Board member Board member

For biographies of the Board of Directors, visit www.schibsted.com/about/the-board/.

o Schibsted
