

--- Page 1 ---

Introduction to the Group
Business sector

1.1 Business sector

THE SMALL DOMESTIC EQUIPMENT MARKET

THE WORLDWIDE SMALL DOMESTIC EQUIPMENT MARKET

Over the years, Groupe SEB has forged a leadership position and acquired a status as a global leader in Small Domestic Equipment. This
sector covers cookware and small electrical appliances, accounting respectively for approximately 35% and 65% of its consumer sales.

Based on the latest available statistics and Group estimates, the size of the market addressed is currently estimated at over €50 billion for small
electrical appliances and €25 billion for cookware (including kitchen utensils).

THE SMALL ELECTRICAL APPLIANCES MARKET

The small electrical appliances market targeted by Groupe SEB includes several segments varying considerably in size, and ranked
below in decreasing order of their importance in the Group's revenue:

OM Ss v

~€50 billion €4.2 billion 65%

GLOBAL MARKET 2020 2020 SALES OF GROUP SALES

HOME CARE, LINEN CARE AND PERSONAL CARE

@ linen care: including irons and steam generators, garment

SMALL ELECTRICAL COOKING APPLIANCES

@ electrical cooking: deep fryers, rice cookers, electrical

pressure cookers, informal meal appliances, waffle makers,
grills, toasters, multi-cookers, and more;

@ beverage preparation: coffee makers (filter and pod),
espresso machines, electrical kettles, home beer-taps, soy
milk makers and so on;

& food preparation: from blenders, to cooking food processors,
kitchen machines, mixers, beaters and more.

it yoN
d =# 1) ayy
a U Ns, 1 \
SEB A Ng

245%

OF GROUP SALES

steamers, etc.;

™ home care: canister vacuum cleaners with or without dust
bag, steam and upright vacuum cleaners, vacuum sweepers,
versatile vacuums, robots, etc.;

= home comfort: fans, heaters, air purification appliances,
and more;

@ personal care: hair care appliances, hair removal devices,
electric hair and beard clippers, bathroom scales, etc.

s

Fas

ey Xe

‘ Nb Nd

SM’

SEB Ej 7 Linen care

=20%

OF GROUP SALES

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 2 ---

THE COOKWARE AND KITCHEN UTENSILS MARKET

® fi

€25 billion

GLOBAL MARKET 2020

MARKET TRENDS AND OUTLOOK

The global Small Domestic Equipment market is divided into
many distinct national and regional markets with their own local
consumer cooking, eating and product utilization habits. It also lacks
comprehensive coverage by research panels (primarily GFK) or other
market research bodies. This, at times, makes it difficult to reconcile
industry figures (inclusion of new categories or geographic segments,
for example) in order to produce a global picture of the sector.

At worldwide level and from a long-term perspective, the Small
Domestic Equipment sector has demonstrated its resilience
during periods of crisis and solid growth within a neutral or positive
economic environment. This performance reflects the combined
impact of various factors:

@ global consumption trends driven by the development of “homemade”
kitchen products using basic ingredients and a growing interest in
health and well-being;

@ moderate but steady growth in most of the mature markets, with a
high ownership rate, though unevenly spread across product families,
responsiveness to innovation, a robust replacement market and a
trading up trend reflecting demand for more functional or higher
end products. At the same time, the entry-level segment, driven
by demand for basic, low-priced products typically produced in
China has remained steady;

overall solid but more volatile growth in emerging markets,
according to the general environment and events. These markets
are experiencing strong demand and their buoyant growth is fueled
by rising consumption stemming from a booming middle class,
increasing urbanization and the development of modern retail
channels, including e-commerce;

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 (21)

The market is split fairly evenly between these two segments. For cookware (mainly frying pans, saucepans, stewing pots, pressure
cookers, bakeware and oven dishes) Groupe SEB is the undisputed global leader and is continuing to expand its product offering by
regularly introducing new materials. The kitchen utensil and accessories market includes, for example, kitchen knives, insulated flasks
and mugs, food storage boxes and containers, spatulas, ladles, skimmers, etc. By combining sustained organic growth and a strategy of
industry consolidation, particularly with the acquisition of EMSA and WMF, Groupe SEB now ranks among the top five global players in
this segment. However, its share of this highly fragmented but extremely promising market remains limited.

Introduction to the Group
Business sector

a Yy

‘Of V4 1 v

. ‘Nb Nid

D> eS 1} ad
SEB Cookware

€2.2 billion 35%

2020 OF GROUP
SALES SALES

§ the co-existence of “global” products addressing universal needs or
easy to tailor by region with a product offering adapted to specific
lifestyles and consumption habits (particularly in relation to food)
in local markets;

@ an average sale price of around €60 for a small electrical appliance
in Western Europe, for example, largely affordable by the general
public and requiring no credit or a limited use of credit. Sales are
further boosted by in-store or online traffic, driven by promotional
campaigns within a very competitive market environment;

@ strong seasonality, shared by all market players, largely linked to
the high percentage of products sold during holiday periods or for
special events (Christmas, Chinese New Year, Ramadan, Singles’
Day in China, Prime Day, Mother's Day, Candlemas, etc.);

& strong contributions for many years from products and solutions
developed in partnership with major consumer goods players backed
by major advertising resources, like with single-serve coffee making,
for example.

In addition to these specific factors, changes in distribution are playing

acrucial role in the emergence of new consumer purchasing behaviors:

in virtually all parts of the world, the very rapid development of retail
channels such as e-commerce or sales direct to the consumer, has
profoundly transformed the market, boosting online sales, often to
the detriment of retailers with a traditional physical presence. As

a result, growth in this market is currently being broadly driven by

e-commerce: major online specialists (pure players like Amazon, Tmall,

JD.com, Cnova, etc.) as well as the websites of initially “physical”

retailers (“bricks-and-mortar” retailers). This phenomenon accelerated

considerably in 2020, as e-commerce expanded rapidly in connection
with the Covid-19 crisis.


--- Page 3 ---

Introduction to the Group
Business sector

MULTIPLE FORMS OF COMPETITION

In a global context, the very nature of the Small Domestic Equipment
market requires a strategy that is both global and local in order to
effectively address the expectations of consumers around the globe.
The expansion of international brands, which can in some cases be
marketed under strong local/regional brands in their domestic market,
falls in line with this two-pronged approach and combines the benefits
of both economies of scale and solid brand positions in local markets.

On this basis, Groupe SEB is the only player boasting such broad
international reach, supported by a portfolio containing a wealth of
global brands and brands with local leadership positions. This gives
it a strategic advantage versus a very disparate range of competitors
consisting of:

@ large global groups, generalists or specialists in one or two
small electrical appliance categories: Philips and Electrolux
have a diversified product offering, while Dyson and Vorwerk focus
on a high-end positioning in a few product segments. These very
international players are joined by Spectrum Brands and Conair,
among others, which mainly roll out their product ranges in the US
and in Europe, Bosch-Siemens and Braun (P&G) are principally active
in Europe and J.S Global is primarily in the US (through the Shark
and Ninja brands) and in China (via its Joyoung brand). De Longhi
completes the list: this major player in coffee and food preparation
is expanding its sectoral and international presence;

@ major cookware and kitchen utensil manufacturers with a highly
international presence, such as the German companies Fissler
and Zwilling-Staub, Tramontina in North and South America, the
US group Meyer, Tupperware, Rubbermaid (Newell Brands), Ikea,
Oxo (Helen of Troy);

@ groups or companies operating primarily in their domestic
markets or a small number of reference markets: Magimix, Taurus,
Imetec, Severin, in particular, in several European countries; Arcelik in
Turkey; Bork and Polaris in Russia; Newell Brands, which is present
in North America, Hamilton Beach Brands; Mallory, Mondial, Britania
in South America; and Panasonic, Midea and Joyoung in Asia;

leading players in the high-end segment concentrating on a single
product category: in small electrical appliances with innovative
technologies, such as iRobot (vacuum cleaners), or with high-end
positioning, such as Jura (coffee machines); and in cookware, for
example the French company Le Creuset, which specializes in
cast iron cookware;

private labels or white label goods in large part focused on
aggressively priced entry-level products from Chinese sub-contractors
which, however, have a market share that is weak overall in terms
of small electrical appliances. Conversely, in cookware, the Group's
main competitors internationally are often private labels;

Asian players gaining traction in the domestic and international
markets (Xiaomi) and new companies being launched on the internet
first (Instant Pot, Cecotec);

™ companies which have activities and brands in both B2B and
consumer segments, as in the cases of KitchenAid (Whirlpool),
Magimix (Robot-Coupe), Jura and Vorwerk, for example.

Generally speaking, in both small electrical appliances and
cookware, competition is fierce and relayed by the distribution.

(z2] GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 4 ---

THE PROFESSIONAL COFFEE MARKET

Introduction to the Group
Business sector

THE PROFESSIONAL COFFEE MARKET

@ E£

GLOBAL MARKET fe) Mds€

(ESTIMATED IN 2019)

* including sales from other professional activities (Hotel, Krampouz)

The acquisition of WMF in 2016 represented a great opportunity
for Groupe SEB to enter the highly attractive market of professional
automatic coffee machines for hotels, restaurants, cafés, coffee shops,
bakeries and convenience stores, sometimes in partnership with coffee
roasters. At the same time, it represents a complementary strategic
diversification from the consumer business focused on the Small
Domestic Equipment market.

The professional coffee machines market was estimated, in 2019, to
be nearly 9 billion euros (Group estimates).

The Covid-19 epidemic and the public health and economic crisis that
followed, had dramatic consequences for the hospitality and catering
sector, which was directly affected by the restrictive measures adopted
in the vast majority of countries.

Lasting for almost half of 2020, these closures:

§ significantly affected equipment sales, as our customers suspended,
postponed or significantly reduced their capital expenditure on
coffee machines; and, at the same time;

§ significantly limited our service and maintenance business.

The global automatic espresso machines equipment market is therefore
estimated to be in situational decline of around 25% in 2020.

The underlying long-term growth, based on the global development of
out-of-home coffee consumption, as well as the consolidation of the
market and its premiumization, however, remain sustainable trends.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 [23]

SEB
mn A
€575 mi lion’ 8% espresso machines
2020 OF GROUPE
SALES SALES

YoY

yd “

, as

r) ag

Through its two brands, WMF and Schaerer, Groupe SEB is the world
leader in the highly concentrated market of fully automatic espresso
machines, in which Franke, Thermoplan and Melitta are also international
benchmark players. Certain brands such as Jura hold strong positions
in specific segments.

A core business that is generally steady is regularly boosted by
significant equipment or machine replacement contracts with major
fast food chains, convenience stores or service stations, which has
an accelerator effect on growth but also creates volatility.

Through the acquisition of Wilbur Curtis in the United States in
early 2019, the Group has also gained a foothold in the professional
filter coffee segment, a mature market which is still a major coffee
consumption benchmark in the US. Wilbur Curtis’ recognized expertise,
its very broad customer portfolio and its huge US presence have made
it the number two in the professional US filter coffee segment, with
around one-quarter of the market.

In general terms, the professional coffee machine market is diversifying
in terms of offering, meeting a demand that is both wider (extension
of coffee ranges offered) and more specific (increased customization).
Demand is therefore now often for a dual filter/espresso machine. Against
this background, all the machines rely on cutting-edge technology to
guarantee fully automatic preparation and constant quality to produce a
good cup of coffee, every time. They are also increasingly connected, to
optimize customer relations, enable provisional maintenance operations,
manage a fleet of machines and organize marketing events (happy
hour, drink of the day, etc.).


--- Page 5 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

1.2 A profitable growth strategy

A LONG-TIME COMMITMENT TO INNOVATION

The Group's history is one of continual innovations and breakthroughs incorporating unique concepts, new features and ingenious discoveries.
These innovations have been reflected in tangible advances in the everyday life of consumers.

1950

The design of products making everyday life easier and
eliminating tedious tasks continued to develop at a faster pace
in the 1960s and 1970s with new steam irons, vacuum
cleaners, food preparation equipment and the launch by Seb
of odorless deep fryers.

1960 The design of products making everyday life easier and
eliminating tedious tasks continued to develop at a faster pace
in the 1960s and 1970s with new steam irons, vacuum
cleaners, food preparation equipment and the launch by Seb
of odorless deep fryers.

1970

The period from 1970 to 1990 saw continuous technical progress
and the introduction of color for kitchen electricals, the arrival of
informal meal appliances and the launch of numerous electronical-
ly enhanced products: bathroom scales, programmable coffee
makers, cookers with electric timers, etc.

1990 inthe decade from 1990 to 2000, both Groupe SEB and Moulinex

brought new simplicity to the world of small electrical appliances,
including pressure cookers with easy closing mechanisms,
removable handles for frying pans and saucepans, compact
vacuum cleaners with triangular-shaped heads, etc.

DIGITALIZATION & CONNECTIVITY

The development of connected products helps to improve the consumer
experience. The availability of associated services as part of a compre-
hensive ecosystem takes various forms: access to updated recipes on
mobile apps, tutorials, shopping list management, etc.

The user experience is being continually enhanced and refined in this
area; the launch of the Cookeo Touch and i-Companion XL Touch
models in March 2020, with WiFi connectivity, is raising the bar in terms
of use and meal preparation, range of recipes, intuitiveness and
multi-functionality.

Through these product/application pairings, the Group now brings
together a community of over 6 million members. Groupe SEB Media
adds to this with its own community of more than 10 million Facebook
fans, 450,000 members and 5,000 bloggers. Its role focuses on several
key areas: digital content publishing technologies, a portfolio of 90,000
recipes in five languages, plus a number of services such as the creation
of original culinary content on major digital platforms. This determined
focus on social media is also the approach adopted by StoreBound, a
US company in which the Group took a majority stake in July 2020.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020

First Seb pressure cooker

First odorless electric fryer

[

Any-slice toaster Seb

»

Dymbo,

the first compact vacuum cleaner,

Rowenta

THE TECHNOLOGICAL SPRINGBOARD

WMF
Kitchen-MINIS
Blender

—_—
Ingenio
Stackable cookware

Z
ed

Rowenta
Air Force Flex 760

Access Steam
Portable

garment steamer

Krups Evidence
Expresso Fully
automatic machine

WMF
Kitchen-MINIS
Toaster


--- Page 6 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

AS A CONSUMER-DRIVEN BUSINESS,
THE GROUP IS NOW RESPONDING
TO NEW MARKET EXPECTATIONS

New products and services are emerging that reflect major
social trends such as homemade, convenience, nutrition and
health, well-being, etc.

A NEW STRATEGIC FOCUS
FOR THE GROUP

Partnerships developed with leading food industry and costmetics
operators, give the Group access to product categories such as pod
coffee machines and home beer-tapping machines, and professio-
nal hair straighteners.

‘Steampod, a professional hair straightener developed
in partnership with L'Oréal

OF THE 2000s...

=
COMMITTED TO HIGH-QUALITY FOOD
Sed
ws é The Group’s innovation strategy fully incorporates issues surrounding

sustainability and major societal trends, such as efforts to combat
food waste, daily practices with a reduced environmental impact,

Companion Touch ActiFry energy efficiency and repairability and recyclability.
Connected and tactile Oil-free
cooking food processor

fryer Aglobal player in the culinary sector, the Group is committed to firmly
encouraging a high-quality diet that is healthy, tasty and responsible
all at the same time. This responsibility comes under the “Cooking for
Good” pillar of the Group’s sustainable development strategy, which
recommends home-made food over processed products.

This “healthy eating” commitment takes the form both of initiatives to
ac raise consumer awareness of nutrition, which our brands conduct in
Nutrition Plus Connected various countries, and numerous research projects in which the
Blender SUPOR pressure cooker , meer “ we y 4
Group is participating, primarily in Europe with the InnoLife European 2020

us consortium, the EIT Health program, the Cook2Health project, etc.

Tefal Resource ‘Supor
Frying pan made of +—_rice cooker
recycled aluminum — with a spherical pot

Vacuum Cookeo Touch

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 [25]


--- Page 7 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

A VIRTUOUS STRATEGY

In keeping with its mission to facilitate and improve the daily life

INNOVATION of consumers around the world, and to contribute to better living,

SN Groupe SEB’s innovation strategy is consistent with a pragmatic

O approach to creating the product offering. Launching new products is

Ss the result of listening closely to what consumers want, conducting an

in-depth analysis of their needs (both expressed and latent), inventing

PROFITABLE VALUE breakthrough concepts or unprecedented functionality, using new
grown CREATION technologies and creating one-of-a-kind designs.

In addition to products, the Group is committed to enhancing the

INNOVATION consumer experience by developing services and solutions - such as

POLICY recipes, customization, applications, including nutritional coaching,

product recycling and repairability, etc. - in response to major social
and consumer trends.

For Groupe SEB, innovation is part of a virtuous circle: as a creator

of value for customers/retailers and a source of progress, satisfaction

and commitment for consumers, it generates profitable growth, which
HY is key for reinvesting in innovation to restart the cycle.

Customer
‘SATISFACTION
AND LOYALTY

.... SUPPORTED BY INVESTMENT

3.5%

of sales reinvested in

INNOVATION

in 2020

= Connectivity
m Experts

= Recruiting
Tools

Intellectual property
443

patent filings in 2020

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 8 ---

A STRUCTURED INTERNAL ORGANIZATION...

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

OUR INNOVATION

>1500

employees
working in

R&D, marketing

and design

The Group articulates its approach around 2 major Hubs:

A Global Innovation Hub at the Group’s head office for its small
electrical appliance business accelerates the development and launch
of its new products. A global innovation center in Rumilly for Cookware.

... OPEN TO OUTSIDE COLLABORATION

Partnerships in a broad range of fields, such as materials, information
and communications technologies, electrical engineering, food science:

@ Universities/Schools/Engineering Firms.
@ Research Institutes/Testing Laboratories.
@ European institutions: through the EIT program.

1 Innovation Community. The objective is to collaborate with specialized
companies (in food processing, consumer goods, digital transition)
to anticipate new food-related trends.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 (27]

Two SEBLabs, testing ground dedicated to creativity and bringing new
products to life, are home to interdisciplinary project teams, bringing
together members from marketing, research and design with in-house
and external experts. Their objective is to generate and more quickly
select the ideas with the most potential.

Intellectual property, tasked with protecting the Group's intellectual
assets by way of patents, active protection against infringement and
competitive intelligence

Innovate with SEB, a website for inventors, scientists, researchers and
designers who want to innovate with the Group to pitch their inventions.

SEB&You is a 4,500-strong community launched in 2015 to encourage
consumers to contribute to the Group’s innovation process and to test
new product ideas; 4,000 products tested.

Communities: the Group incorporates feedback from users of its
products into its innovation process by listening closely to the members.
of our various communities: apps (6 million members), Facebook
(10 million members), and through our consumer service.


--- Page 9 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

SEB ALLIANCE: FINANCING AND PARTNERING WITH INNOVATIVE START-UPS

In May 2011, the Group created an investment company, SEB Alliance,
to improve its technology monitoring system by investing in innovative,
technology-focused companies in areas such as connected home
and digital applications, robotics, well-being and population aging,
and reducing the environmental footprint.

In this context, SEB Alliance favors acquiring minority stakes. SEB
Alliance has invested directly in around 20 companies since it was
created, in areas that are consistent with Groupe SEB’s strategic areas
for innovation, and could result in consumer applications, such as:

@ digital/Big Data with Alkemics, which specializes in product
information exchange between brands and retailers; another brain,
which specializes in bio-inspired artificial intelligence;

@ beauty/health with Feeligreen, which has developed active and
passive patch technologies for cosmetic and therapeutic applications
and IEVA, connected beauty player, which designs and offers
personalized products and services;

§ the internet of Things or connected robotic products with RobArt
(smart navigation solutions)and Lumi (home automation products) ;

§ air purification with Ethera, which has developed solutions to measure
and purify indoor air;

GROUPE SEB INVESTS IN CHEFCLUB

& water filtration with with Castalie, who designs and offers micro-
filtered water fountains for businesses and restaurants;

@& foodtech with Click & Grow, specialized in solutions for indoor
vegetable gardens, Glovo, specializing in home delivery (meals
and food products) and ChefClub leader in the production and
broadcasting of culinary content.

These companies provide technological “bricks” that the Group can
use to accelerate in certain areas of innovation. For example, the
collaboration with Ethera has resulted in the creation of a new range
of air purifiers (Intense Pure Air by Rowenta).

Impact investing :

Recently, SEB Alliance has also become involved in “impact” companies,
which place the positive, social, societal or environmental notion at the
heart of their economic model. This is particularly the case of Angel
(electric bicycle, soft mobility) or Castalie (water fountains), whose
manifesto is the fight against “the madness of single-use plastic”.

At the same time, SEB Alliance is working to identify new business
models, the activation of which could allow the Group to strengthen
itself in certain areas that it does not directly target.

Chee

In December 2020, Groupe SEB has finalized the acquisition of a minority stake via its investment company, SEB Alliance, and then
announced in January 2021 to have entered into a partnership with Chefclub. The start-up, created in 2016 by the Lang brothers, aims to
make cooking accessible to everyone. It quickly became a leading brand in the production and broadcasting of culinary content, totaling
over 100 million followers and over 1 billion monthly views.

A “Chefclub by Tefal” brand license will soon be launched in France and internationally (Germany, Brazil, Italy, Korea, Canada, Spain,
Great Britain, Mexico), and will be marketed throughout off and on line distribution as well as direct sales (DTC) on the Tefal and Chefclub
brand sites.

By joining forces with Groupe SEB, the world leader in small domestic equipment, Chefclub gains access to recognized industrial know-how,
the power of the Tefal brand and a wider distribution that will allow its community to find the products in the Group's distribution channels.

To further expand the scope of its watch and its ecosystem in the United States, in China and in very specific sectors, SEB Alliance has also
forged strategic partnerships with innovation investment funds (Cathay Innovation, Innovacom, Xange, Kreaxi, SOSV, BtoV, Daphni, Sofimac)
that the company may support as a co-investor.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 10 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

daph

KHTML Prenenien

SEB B ALLIANCE

of; CATHAY Ange

@vacom SUSV
®keox Ey

SINCE 2011

21 minority direct
investments

>200 startup dossiers received

Bipererst tee

* SEB Alliance is a strategic financial investor in these funds

Shared :
Watch technology R&D and Business
Collaboration
R&D collaboration
International scope
of which Europe,

the US and China

3 main target sectors

Digital and connected home
Wellbeing and population ageing
Reducing the environmental footprint

Prototypes and studies
Co-development
Commercial partnerships

A PORTFOLIO OF DIFFERENTIATED AND COMPLEMENTARY BRANDS

The Group has a portfolio of 31 brands, the largest in its industry, which
it operates worldwide. Its unique portfolio sets the Group apart from
its rivals and is a powerful vehicle for accelerating market penetration
and sustainable organic growth. This multi-brand strategy, which has
been strengthened by acquisitions over the years, gives it both broad
and deep coverage of its markets.

Each brand has a clearly defined identity that is expressed through
its product selection, functionalities and the look of its products, or
its communication platform.

The Group's brands are also fully committed to raising consumer
awareness of sustainable and responsible development: healthy
eating, combating food waste, air quality, repairability, recyclability
and inclusiveness of our products.

Our brands fall into three major sub-groups:

= Consumer brands that are very well known. Some of these are
global brands (Tefal, Rowenta, Moulinex and Krups), while others, the

majority of our brands, are regional (Arno in Brazil, Supor in China,
Imusa in Colombia, SEB and Calor in France, etc.) and their strength
lies in their suitability for local consumption habits. These brands’
coverage may vary greatly depending on the product family; from
specialist brands (such as Moulinex and Krups in small electrical
appliances and cookware, and Rowenta in non-cookware electrics
for example) to more general brands (Tefal and Supor).
@ Premium brands (WMF, Lagostina, All-Clad and Silit), distributed
through channels in a more selective way. These are managed in
a specific way, guaranteeing strong, uniform expression of their
identity and values (communication, design, pricing policy, etc.).
@ BtoB brands (WMF, Schaerer, Wilbur Curtis, Hepp, Krampouz) sell
coffee machines, hotel equipment and professional products B2B only
and mainly to hotels, large restaurant chains and convenience stores.
The Group's digitization strategy is fully integrated with the positioning
and communication of these brands in their markets.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 11 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

Groupe SEB supports its brands and products through significant investment in marketing and advertising:

€472 million in 2020, representing ~7% of sales, of which 60% in digital.

In addition to the management of its brand portfolio, the Group pursues
a strategy of partnerships to develop new concepts and step up its
sales through the co-branding of two high-profile brands. Accounting
for between 5% and 10% of revenue, these partnerships are major
drivers of innovation and growth for the Group. Joint development
agreements have also been signed with major names in the food
industry, such as Nestlé for Nespresso and Dolce Gusto, and Heineken
for BeerTender and The SUB, and in the cosmetics industry, such as

A GLOBAL AND DIVERSIFIED PRESENCE

Small Domestic Equipment (Consumer) is Groupe SEB's core business.
Over the last 40 years, the Group has successfully developed strong
positions across all continents with a commercial presence in nearly
150 countries. This unique global footprint is the result of an expansion
strategy that combines internal growth with acquisitions.

The scope of its constantly expanding product offering and its ability
to adapt to the specific needs of different markets while relying on
the power of its brand portfolio, has helped the Group build strong
local positions. It has leadership positions in Western Europe, Central
Europe, Russia, Turkey, China, Japan, Colombia, Mexico, etc. Nearly
three-quarters of the Group's sales are generated in countries where
it has a leadership position.

This “multi-local” presence thus enables the Group to diversify its
exposure to different economies and to seize opportunities for growth in
the countries in which it has a presence, depending on the varying levels

L’Oréal for Steampod. Some partnerships also improve our corporate
image, associating our products with other brands or organizations
(WWF, etc.), under licensing agreements with brands such as the
Elite modeling agency (Rowenta), or with endorsement contracts, like
cookware lines developed in collaboration with renowned chefs such as.
Jamie Oliver or Pierre Gagnaire (Tefal). The Group intends to extend this
partnership policy, particularly in the digital and community domains.

to which households are equipped with small electrical appliances and
cookware. This provides the Group with long-term drivers for growth
that range from renewal, duplication of equipment and upgrading in
mature markets, to the high potential of emerging markets, particularly
with the rise of the middle class, increased purchasing power and
rapid urbanization that brings with it changing behaviors in daily life.

Over the years, Groupe SEB has significantly increased its critical
mass in its historic markets while incubating business in countries
enjoying rapid growth (Ukraine, Slovakia, Kazakhstan, Egypt, Colombia,
Thailand, Malaysia, and so on).

Representing 8% of the Group’s total sales in 2020, BtoB business is
based on the expertise and strength of WMF and Schaerer in German-
speaking countries. While it is gradually expanding internationally, at
present it is still predominantly located in “mature markets”.

A GLOBAL BUSINESS WITH A BALANCE BETWEEN MATURE AND EMERGING MARKETS,

9%

China oa
hb festern
das €6,940M ae
-3.8% like-for-like* 39%

South America ‘

4%

Notion “ PP _ither EMEA countries
rth Amerca ae
11% lo

* Like-for-like: at constant exchange rates and scope.

Emerging countries Mature countries
°

45% \ 55%

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 12 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

A MULTI-CHANNEL DISTRIBUTION STRATEGY

The Group’s Consumer business relies on a large, diversified network
of distributors, giving it a solid commercial base. Combined with a
multi-brand and multi-product strategy, this network enables the Group
to build constructive long-term relationships with customers on the
basis of a varied range of offerings.

Although it can differ from country to country as a result of the specific
features of the local retail markets, the Group's exposure is relatively
balanced between:

@ mass food retailers, with which the Group has established and
maintains long-standing partner relationships;

§ specialist retailers (specialized in electrical equipment, household
appliances, etc.), key clients for the Group whose expertise has
been a mutual driver for growth over the years;

§ traditional stores/convenience stores or groups of independents,
which still play an important role in many emerging markets;

@ E-commerce (pure players, either directly or via marketplaces, and
the online sales platforms of bricks-and-mortar customers, Click &
Mortar, etc.). Initially led by China, the rapid rise of e-commerce in
recent years is now being fueled by all markets.

In addition, the Group also has a network of stores, operated either
directly, under franchise, or via exclusive distribution, comprising a
total of nearly 1,300 stores at the end of 2020, in various formats.
Their positioning may be multi-brand (Home & Cook and Tefal Shops)
or mono-brand (Supor Lifestores and, more recently, WMF). This
network, which is the Group’s biggest customer, represents nearly
7% of consumer sales, but its contribution may exceed 20% in some
countries (e.g. Turkey and Japan). This network enables the Group to
interact directly with consumers, to better understand their expectations
and, therefore, to make our offer as relevant as possible. With a view to
continuously developing its direct approach to consumers, the Group
opened 50 new stores outside China in 2020.

This approach is complemented by the Group’s commitment to a
direct online sales strategy (online DTC), which combines brands’
own websites with marketplaces. After WMF and France, this has
more recently been extended to other European countries, particularly
in Eastern Europe. More than 100 online sales outlets were active at
the end of 2020, approximately 30 of which went live over the past
year. After a gradual ramp-up phase, we are expecting this channel
to accelerate sharply in the next few years.

In recent years, the retail environment has undergone profound changes related to the explosion of e-commerce (pure players and click
& mortar traders). This disrupts the sector’s strategic segmentation, due to the immediacy of e-commerce and its offering founded on the
optimum combination of choice, price and service. It also capitalizes on consumer data, making it possible to conduct extremely effective
targeted marketing that generates sales.

In this context, e-commerce has been the main driver for growth in the small electrical appliances market in recent years, although its
importance still varies significantly from country to country (China 62%, Germany 35%, Russia 40%, etc.).

In 2020, the restrictive measures implemented worldwide to halt the spread of Covid-19 (successive lockdowns and the requirement
to stay at home, curfews, store closures, etc.) resulted in a significant acceleration in the growth of online sales. As far as the Group is
concerned, this was reflected in an increase in the proportion of consumer sales attributed to e-commerce of nearly 8 points, to 35%
(compared to 27% in 2019).

Furthermore, and more generally, 2020 confirmed the blurring of the boundaries between physical retail and e-commerce; the trend is
now towards omnichannel distribution.

CONSUMER SALES BY DISTRIBUTION CHANEL In this changing environment, Groupe SEB is committed to enhancing

its access to consumers by:

@ ramping up our digital marketing policy (brand websites, digital
campaigns, data marketing, live streaming, etc.) to increase the

orn CHE E-commerce* number of points of contact we have with consumers, millennials
a 35% in particular; for example, digital accounted for 60% of the Group’s

65% direct media investments in 2020 (compared to 25% in 2015);
Specialists increasing consumer engagement around our products and brands
14% by developing ecosystems such as apps, being active in online

communities and social networks, etc.;
Group retail & delivering the best in-store execution - through category management,
7% eatin effective merchandising, the creation of dedicated shop-in-shops
16% and promotional events - as well as for e-commerce;
M tail @ accelerating our direct sales to consumers, through our network
ae g of stores and online.
fo

* Pure players et Click & Mortar (Group's estimates at 31/12/2020)

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020

[=]


--- Page 13 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

AN ACTIVE ACQUISITION POLICY

Acquisitions complement the Group’s organic growth strategy and
provide a catalyst for expansion. As an operator in the Small Domestic
Equipment market, which is still highly fragmented, in recent years
Groupe SEB has positioned itself as a consolidator in this sector. The
acquisitions it has made have enabled it to achieve leadership status
in many countries and product categories, helping the Group to forge
its global leadership positions. In addition to a number of large-scale,
strategic transactions, such as the acquisitions of Supor or WMF (see
below), the Group has conducted numerous targeted acquisitions with
the aim of strengthening its market position.

1968

Acquisition of Tefal and its European subsidiaries
(Germany, Belgium, Denmark, Netherlands, Italy)

1972

Acquisition of Calor

2011

Acquisition of Imusa in Colombia and Asia
Fan in Vietnam

Acauisition of a majority shareholding
in the Indian company, Maharaja Whiteline

Creation of the SEB Alliance investment fund

Acquisition of an additional 20% capital
interest in Supor

2005

2007
Acquisition of a majority
shareholding in the Chinese
company, Supor

2016
Capital stake in Supor increased to 81%
Acquisition in Germany of EMSA

Acquisition of WME, the world leader
in professional automatic coffee machines
and leader in cookware in Germany

2015

Acquisition of the
‘Scandinavian company,
OBH Nordica

2017

‘Swizz Prozzz

In addition to accurately identifying the target company and having
the necessary financial capacity to conduct the transaction, external
growth requires an ability to integrate new acquisitions effectively
and to generate synergies. Over the years, as our acquisitions have
increased in number, Groupe SEB has built up considerable experience
in integrating acquired companies, which is often a complex exercise,

1973

Creation of Groupe SEB

Acquisitions of the Brazilian
company, Panex, and the
Italian company, Lagostina

2018

Creation of Groupe SEB Egypt Zahran, 55%
owned by Groupe SEB and 45% by Zahran

Acquisition of 750g International, publisher
of cooking websites and services

Acquisition of the Swiss company,

Groupe SEB’s acquisition strategy is based on the principle of
complementarity, whether in terms of geographical location, category,
brand or business model. This was the prevailing principle in the
takeovers of Arno in Brazil (market penetration), Lagostina and All-
Clad (Italian and US premium cookware brands), Imusa in Colombia
(cookware, in addition to the Samurai brand of small electrical
appliances) and EMSA, a German brand specializing in kitchen utensils
and accessories. In Professional Coffee, complementarity was also
behind the 2019 takeover of Wilbur Curtis, the second largest filter
coffee machine manufacturer in the US, which strengthened the Group's
presence in the coffee machine sector, established with Schaerer.

1988

Acquisition of the German
company, Rowenta

1975

Initial public offering of SEB S.A.

1997-98

Acquisitions of the
Brazilian company, Arno,
and the Colombian
‘company, Volmo
(Samurai brand)

2004

Acquisition of All-Clad

2001

Moulinex-Krups
takeover

2020

Stake acquired in
Storebound, owner of

the DASH brand, which
specializes in kitchenware
in the United States.

2019

Acquisition of Wilbur Curtis, number
two in professional filter coffee
machines in the United States
Acquisition of the Krampouz
company that specializes in crepe
pans and planchas

given the many issues at stake. Integration committees are set up,
with members who represent the management and operational teams
of both entities. These committees draw up the master plan for the
merger and set the objectives, monitor the progress of projects and
measure the synergies created.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 14 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

TWO STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS THAT HAVE TRANSFORMED THE GROUP

SUPOR

2007: Acquisition of Supor

At the end of 2007, the Group took control of Chinese company Supor.

This operation was complex due to the specific issues it involved:
geographical and cultural remoteness, language barrier, more complex
integration, coordination of communication between two listed
companies, etc.

Subsequently, the Group increased its controlling interest in several
stages (+20% in December 2011, +1.6% in January 2015, and +7.91%
in June 2016) bringing our current holding up to 81.20%.

Since the acquisition in 2007, Supor's development momentum has been
extremely robust, reflecting both a booming Chinese Small Domestic
Equipment market and Supor's conquest strategy. This was based on
the strength of the brand as well as on a resolute policy of innovation,
continuous expansion of the product offering, expansion on Chinese
territory and a omni-channel presence. It allowed Supor’s leadership
in cookware to be strengthened and significant market share gains in
‘small kitchen appliances, where Supor became number 2 behind Midea.

OPENING-UP TO NEW BUSINESS MODELS

In July 2020, Groupe SEB completed the acquisition of a majority stake
in StoreBound, owner of the DASH kitchenware brand.

Founded in 2010, StoreBound is a New York company specialized
in developing kitchenware designed for better everyday living. Its
omni-channel distribution model combines bricks-and-mortar retail,
e-commerce and social media. StoreBound has developed unparalleled
know-how in digital marketing based both on its expertise in community
management (product development, marketing) and on the priority
given to the consumer experience.

With great visibility on social networks, both in direct and by relying
on major partnerships with brands, chefs or influencers with hundreds
of thousands of followers, the Dash brand has built solid positions on
the American market and is popular among millennials.

StoreBound’s business model is therefore very complementary to that
of the Group. The company achieved sales in 2020 over $120 million
and is on the list of the fastest-growing businesses in the United States.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 (=3]

we

2016: takeover of WMF

In 2016, the Group acquired WMF, a flagship of German industry with
two major business lines: professional coffee machines and catering
equipment, as well as Small Domestic Equipment (cookware and small
electrical appliances). Through this strategic acquisition, Groupe SEB:

@ acquired a solid worldwide leadership in the very attractive
professional automatic espresso machines market characterized
by strong growth, high profitability and significant recurring revenue,
reflecting important contributions from after-sales operations;

&@ considerably strengthened our position in the cookware segment
by becoming the leader in Germany, with, in particular, a high-end
stainless steel product offering;

@ accessed a network of nearly 200 retail outlets in Germany, providing
a powerful vehicle for promoting our image and sales.

Between accelerated international deployment of the Dash model
thanks to the global presence of the Group and access to StoreBound’s
expertise in digital marketing, the synergies identified are numerous

and will be quickly implemented.
past | Fs)

O STOREBOUND™



--- Page 15 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

SALE OF NON-STRATEGIC BUSINESSES

In the first half of 2020, the Group sold two of its non-strategic
businesses:

m EMSA GmbH, a Groupe SEB subsidiary based in Emsdetten,
Germany and specialized in the design, manufacture and distribution
of kitchen utensils and accessories, concluded an agreement with
Poétic S.A.S., the French market leader for garden planters, for the
sale of its Garden business;

THE NEED FOR COMPETITIVENESS

Groupe SEB relies on a powerful and versatile manufacturing base,
comprising 40 sites worldwide. It is committed to continuously improving
their productivity, optimizing the entire supply chain - from its suppliers
to its customers, including purchasing- as well as simplifying its
structures and processes, so as to remain competitive in the long-term.

A POWERFUL AND VERSATILE
MANUFACTURING BASE

Throughout the world, the Group’s manufacturing base is set to respond
to market characteristics:

@ European manufacturing targets mainly mature markets. French and
European plants are dedicated to products for which the Group is a
market leader. To this end, the Group takes advantage of technological
barriers in relation to product concepts or processes;

@ manufacturing in emerging markets focuses on the needs of these
markets and, for mature markets, on products for which the Group
wishes to retain control of its specific technologies (concerning
products and process);

§@ outsourcing production for basic products or those for which the
Group lacks a strong leadership position or as part of partnership
arrangements.

At the end of 2020, our 40 production facilities were producing around

two thirds of the products sold by the Group worldwide, with the

remainder coming from outsourcing (external production), particularly
from China.

DISTRIBUTION OF SALES PRODUCTION 2020

Americas = ae
gpttia-==55 ¢ 19%
Europe
24%
Sourcing
38%
Asia
32%

@ Boehringer, which specializes in the marketing of hotel equipment and
was acquired alongside WMF in 2016, was sold to the Certina group.

These transactions reflect the Group's strategy of reviewing our business
portfolio when necessary and focusing on our core business, thereby
enhancing performance.

Groupe SEB’s industrial strategy targets customer satisfaction above
all else, by continuously improving both the quality of the products it
manufactures and its customer service, while ensuring production is
cost-effective with the minimum amount of capital committed.

The Group’s industrial competitiveness will be optimized over the long
term by embedding SEB standards into industrial processes, constantly
improving its supply chain and by means of its edge in product design,
especially through its centers of expertise and technological hubs:

§ the centers of product expertise bring together the specific expertise
in research and development, industrialization and production for
a given product category;

§ the technological centers reinforce the centers of product expertise
through their knowledge of key technologies in relation to materials,
plastics, and electronics.

At relevant sites, project platforms foster collaboration between
marketing teams and centers of industrial expertise in the development
of the product offering. This makes it possible to promote the concept
of the “technical basis” to standardize sub-assemblies and components,
in order to be more responsive to customer demand.

To ensure and optimize the performance of its global manufacturing
base, the Group prudently manages its production capacity, targets its
capital expenditure and continues to adapt its production facilities on a
regular basis. It takes account of economic market realities by adjusting
volumes or rescaling sites, transferring operations from one entity to
another, refitting sites, maintaining strict control of manufacturing costs,
refocusing production, and outsourcing as required.

This optimization process goes hand-in-hand with keeping the entire
value chain under continuous review, to streamline and accelerate
flows, ultimately improving the service rate. The Group regularly reviews
the geographical location of certain suppliers, particularly suppliers
of components and sub-assemblies, with the aim of increasing their
proximity to its plants to facilitate delayed differentiation and improve
responsiveness.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 16 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

2020: operational management of industrial sites adapted to the crisis
The Covid-19 pandemic had a considerable impact on the Group's manufacturing base in 2020, particularly at the start of the year.

Following the Chinese New Year holiday, all of the Group’s plants in China were closed for an average of three weeks. Production resumed
gradually from mid-February onwards, except in Wuhan, the location of the first major outbreak of the epidemic, where production did
not resume until mid-March.

As the pandemic spread throughout the world and as state governments imposed restrictions in response, the Group was forced to
temporarily close most of its plants, particularly in France, Germany, the United States, Brazil and Colombia. As a result, in spring 2020,
at the peak of the first wave of the epidemic, 25 of the Group’s plants were closed, and many others were operating at reduced capacity.

Thereafter, plants were only able to resume production gradually and with strict health and safety conditions in place (mandatory wearing
of masks, availability of alcohol-based disinfectant gel, one-way systems in suitable plants, changes to production lines, increased spacing
between workstations), in line with the Group's priority concern for the health and safety of its employees.

Of course, all these special measures had an impact on the costs and efficiency of the Group’s industrial base, as did the severe disruption
to supply chains, which was a direct consequence of the high volatility of demand throughout the year. However, the inability to absorb
fixed overheads in the early months of the year was largely offset by efforts to improve productivity and the gains made in this regard.

CONTINUAL OPTIMIZATION
OF INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTIVITY

Staking its claim as a major industrial company, which gives it a crucial
advantage from the value chain perspective, the Group is constantly
striving to ensure its industrial sites are competitive. To achieve this, it
manages its manufacturing facilities with both flexibility and discipline,
with its sights set on constantly improving product quality, customer
service, personal safety and environmental protection.

With this in mind, the Group is rolling out some key projects at all of
its industrial sites.

The PCO (Product Cost Optimization) project aims to reduce the cost
price of existing products, optimize the future product offering, and
increase perceived value. The approach consists in applying a method
for analyzing products and taking into account consumer concerns
by involving experts (R&D, marketing, design, manufacturing, etc.)
as part of multidisciplinary group workshops, to challenge existing
solutions and invent new ones.

In parallel, the global industrial and operational excellence program,
OPS (Operation Performance SEB), has been extended across the entire
value chain with the continued roll out of “fundamentals” (5S, TPM,
etc.) to achieve further improvements in the productivity of the Group's
sites. This practical program of continuous performance improvement:

§ links health and performance in all Group improvement projects;

@ involves all hierarchical levels (managers, technicians, operators)
of all departments;

§ aims to share best practices, so as to build a real Group manufacturing
culture;

i results in a common language with the aim of promoting a Group spirit;

§ is reflected in a single, scalable framework resulting from a fully
collaborative approach.

Since its launch, the OPS program has enabled the Group to ensure a high

level of quality in both its processes and its products. The commitment

of the new sites acquired by the Group to incorporating these principles

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 [25]

is a highly effective way of introducing a shared global approach of
excellence and continuous performance improvement.

Focusing on the involvement and empowerment of teams across all
areas of the value chain, the program relies on a matrix: health and
safety, quality, cost, time, involvement and environment. Within each
business, maturity grids have been developed for each process, with
5 ratings. The grids are currently in use at all sites, with the dual aim of
standardizing the way in which performance is measured and improved
and achieving the level of maturity required for all businesses to enter
the industry of the future.

This will help us to reach a new milestone in terms of our industrial
and logistical performance in order to improve how we respond to our
customers’ needs. Digitizing the processes from our suppliers to our
customers will accelerate the transmission of information, improve
responsiveness for greater agility and efficiency. Using a monitoring
system to digitize our OPS production system will make performance
even more visible by gathering information in real time, enabling us to
better empower our operators, who will have the right information, at
the right time, to react quickly. Finally, the systematic analysis of data
will allow us to launch preventive and predictive actions to increase the
utilization rates of equipment, as well as the quality of our products.

For Groupe SEB, the Industry of the Future program relies on
technological projects or building blocks:

@ Connection with our suppliers for greater agility and information
sharing.

@ Visualization of production for dynamic management of the
performance.

@ Artificial intelligence: Data collection and analysis, decision-making
support (maintenance and quality: descriptive, diagnostic, preventive,
predictive).

@ Product-process human-machine interface, automation, collaborative
robots, industrial loT.

& Monitoring and optimization of our energy consumption.


--- Page 17 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

@ The process of planning from our customers to our suppliers, with
predictive tools to improve forecasts.

@ New logistical capabilities thanks to digitization in order to improve
the customer experience during delivery.

These projects were entrusted to pilots chosen for their expertise and
having the means to explore and implement concrete solutions. The
pragmatic approach uses test and learn mode by experimenting with
new approaches through POC (Proof of Concept). Once the solution
is validated, it can easily be standardized and deployed at a low cost.

One of the key projects, involving both the industrial and information
systems teams, is the establishment of a futuristic factory model using
supervisory and data processing systems to improveperformance, the
availability of the means of production, the anticipation of breakdowns,
but also quality, traceability and the optimization of energy consumption.
At the same time, the Group is developing new, more economical and
flexible automation models, using collaborative robots (cobots) and
auto-guided vehicles (AGV) to reduce the difficulty of tasks. Lastly,
augmented reality systems will help operators achieve their goals and
improve performance.

All these improvement plans are systematically supported by the
Group's approach to health and safety, as continually improving the
safety of personnel in the workplace, particularly by steadily reducing
the number of workplace accidents, is a key priority for the Group
(reduced by 50% between 2018 and 2020). For further details, see
Chapter 3 on Corporate Social Responsibility on pages 123 to 204.

Another key component of the Group's competitiveness is Planning and
Logistics, which is managed on a global level with the aim of improving
the service to our customers and ensuring their satisfaction while
optimizing our finished product stocks. To achieve this, the Group has
deployed a transversal and collaborative S&OP (Sales and Operating
Planning) process, from sales forecasting in market companies to
capacity planning, production and delivery to the customer. In parallel,
a supply chain optimization project was launched, as well as a Supply
Chain Academy to develop our dedicated teams’ skills.

In 2020, in addition to managing the specific challenges associated with
the Covid-19 crisis (see box p. 35), the Group continued its program
of continual improvement of the productivity and competitiveness of
its industrial sites, by:

i in linen care, completing the transfer of plastics processing activity
from the Saint-Jean de Bournay site to the Pont Evéque assembly
site (France). The key aim of the transfer is to optimize the production
environment on the basis of shortened flows, improved flexibility
and versatile teams;

§ finalizing the readjustment plan for WMF’s Consumer business in
Germany: transferring production of stainless steel cookware from
Geislingen to other Groupe SEB plants in Europe (Omegna in Italy
and Selongey in France) and consolidating logistics operations into
a single warehouse in Dornstadt;

® maintaining an ongoing program of streamlining, with factory
productivity plans (increased automation, processes, etc.) like
those in Colombia (Rio Negro), or the United States (All-Clad, in
Canonsburg);

§ increasing capacity to better serve the markets (Egypt, China,
Vietnam, and so on).

Industrial investments amounted to €183 million in 2020 (compared to
€266 million in 2019). This temporary reduction in industrial investment
is a direct consequence of the Covid-19 health crisis which has slowed
down many projects.

A RIGOROUS AND RESPONSIBLE
PURCHASING POLICY

Purchasing combines both production procurement, which covers
requirements for materials (metals, plastics, paper/cardboard
packaging, etc.) and components (parts, sub-assemblies, etc.) for
manufacturing, non-production purchasing (transport and logistics,
services, information systems, travel, etc.) and purchases of sourced
finished products. Generally speaking, and for a number of years,
purchases have increasingly been managed at Group level, through a
panel of approved suppliers and the use of shared global product family
platforms making it possible to consolidate volumes and standardize
materials and components. This approach makes it possible to optimize
negotiations (on price, quality, on-time delivery, etc.) and to develop
pooled procurement offering greater flexibility between manufacturing
sites and increased synergies within the Group. Suppliers are selected in
accordance with a strict process, which assesses their competitiveness
and their ability to fulfil the Group's requirements in terms of quality,
delivery timescales and compliance with the Group’s ethical standards
with respect to corporate social responsibility. More generally, since
2012, purchasing has been governed by the Group-wide Responsible
Purchasing Charter.

The Group's direct spend policy is based on the best possible balance
of cost, quality and availability, by seeking out and selecting the most
competitive suppliers at the same time as introducing suppliers to the
Group's approach to innovation and its required quality standards.
Amongst other things, this policy makes it possible to establish and
maintain a real partnership with the best-performing suppliers and
to closely involve them in the improvement process and the Group's
objectives in terms of competitiveness. In 2020, the panel suppliers
for manufacturing supplies comprised 494 suppliers (456 in 2019) with
global purchasing coverage of 74% (70% in 2018).

Non-production purchases continue to follow the same process
aimed at better qualifying approved suppliers and building an across-
the-board Group purchasing methodology with a panel of approved
suppliers representing 42% of non-production purchases (identical
to 2018). The purchasing office team undertakes to cover a very
broad range of expenditures and an increasingly large international
scope for sourcing. Calls for tender are launched on a regular basis
and cross-functional teams thoroughly rework our specifications to
optimize purchasing in new fields.

The organizational arrangements for outsourced finished products help
to maintain (or even strengthen) quality processes and a responsible
approach by providing suppliers with technical and methodological
assistance from Group teams. At the same time, it demonstrates the
Group's desire for upstream integration of suppliers in the product
development processes in order to foster greater fluidity in creating
the product offering. The Group has thus ranked its finished-goods
suppliers according to three categories, based on its strategic goals,
performance criteria (e.g., timeliness, quality, costs) and social and
environmental responsibility (environmental impact, respect for Human
Rights, etc.), namely: (i) preferred suppliers; (ii) recommended suppliers;
and (iii) non-recommended suppliers. In 2020, the Group had around
500 suppliers, of which 69 who represented 80% of purchases.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 18 ---

Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

1.3. Organization and internal control

The scope of application of internal control and risk management group of product lines and trademarks. Lastly, functional management 1 |

procedures encompasses all of the Group's companies and employees, supports operations transversally across all of the Group's businesses.
from governance bodies to individual employees. The operational and The primary aim of this functional management is to ensure that activities
functional management structures are responsible for implementing are consistent and effective and to oversee the control functions (e.g.
these procedures. by means of financial standards, IT tools, quality rules, etc.).
Groupe SEB is an international entity, organized primarily into The Group’s conduct and operational processes are based on two
geographical zones by continent, each with their own ranges of products key documents: the Group's Code of Ethics and the Internal Control
to sell. In addition, operations are managed by activity, covering a Manual, which sets out what is expected of employees.

ORGANIZATION OF INTERNAL CONTROL AND KEY PLAYERS

The key control activities are identified within the functional departments described below, which report directly to a member of the Group
Executive Committee.

p Executive Committee (COME

Audit and Internal Legal department Finance and Treasury Accounting and
Control department department Tax department
Group Controlling Financial Communication Sustainable Development Purchasing department
department ani Cepenincnt iD department
erect Health and Safety Quality and Environment Supply Chain
Pe department department department
Information Systems Industrial Efficiency
department department

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 (=7]


--- Page 19 ---

Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

Audit and Internal Control department

Legal department

The Audit and Internal Control department is tasked with evaluating
compliance with the Group's internal rules and procedures and detecting
non-compliance with local legislation. This department is also required
to evaluate the efficient conduct of operations and to ensure that
business risks are identified and mitigated.

To achieve this, the Audit and Internal Control department is
focused on three parallel activities:

§ defining and rolling out internal control procedures (“Internal
Control Manual”). This document covers all of the Group's control
processes. It is circulated to all the Group's entities once a year,
after Internal Control has carried out its annual update to reflect
changes in operations, regulations and management systems;

& implementation of a multi-year audit plan, based on prioritizing the
entities to be covered according to several parameters: assessment
of the level of risk (size of the subsidiary, geography, information
system, environmental factors, etc.); frequency of audit coverage;
and lastly, the rating of the most recent audit. The plan is approved
by the Audit and Compliance Committee each year;

& coordination and oversight of risk mapping. The Group's risk
map is updated every year using the process described on p. 47
“Risk identification and control process”.

The Group's Audit and Internal Control team consisted of twelve
auditors, three internal controllers and one Head of Audit and Internal
Control as at 31 December 2020.

The role of the Legal department is to ensure compliance with any
legal and regulatory requirements that affect the Group in the various
countries in which it operates, to protect its assets (particularly its
intellectual assets) and its businesses as a whole. It also protects
the Group's interests by means of effectively managing risks and
litigation. The Legal department is led by the General Counsel, who
is amember of the Group Executive Committee and Secretary of the
Board of Directors of SEB S.A.

Its main tasks are based on the following activities:

@ providing Legal support for operations, regarding all types of
regulations, drawing up and updating contract strategy (purchase
of goods and services, terms of sale, sales promotions, after-
sales service, etc.), negotiation support, oversight of legal firms
consulted, pre-litigation and litigation management, coordination of
all the Group’s lawyers, defense strategy for intellectual creations,
protection of industrial property titles (trademarks and trade dress
in particular), and legal watch;

& protecting intellectual property assets, including legal support for
the increasingly digital side of the business (connected products, data
marketing, etc.), managing international intellectual property before and
during litigation and managing anti-counterfeit operations;

ensuring Compliance: instituting a compliance policy (anti-
corruption measures, GDPR, etc.) in line with all Group-wide
corporate, operational and continental functions;

corporate governance: overseeing around 150 subsidiaries,
including two listed companies, SEB S.A. and Supor, ensuring insider
trading is prevented, managing shareholder services, negotiating
finance contracts and supporting the Group's real estate projects;

coordinating the Group’s insurance program, described in detail
on p. 62 “Insurance”, allowing for an appropriate insurance program
for the Group’s activities and risks;

participating in the acquisition strategy: preparatory agreements,
merger control, contract negotiation, and post-acquisition
restructuring.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 20 ---

Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

Financial Communication
and Investor Relations department

Finance and Treasury department

The Financial Communication and Investor Relations department works
closely with the other departments within the Finance Function, with
the operational, support and continental management structures, and
with the Sustainable Development and Corporate Communications
departments in order to carry out two key tasks related to the status
of SEB S.A. as a listed company:

@ developing and disseminating the Group’s financial
communications. This communication takes place according to
a specific timetable and in compliance with the regulatory framework
(AMF *, ESMA *, etc.), ensuring in particular the dissemination of
clear, accurate, precise and true financial information, as well as
conformity to the principles of equal treatment of investors and
consistency of information. The documents and materials produced,
published and circulated (Universal Registration Document, the
AGM convening notice, press releases, the finance section of
the Group website www.groupeseb.com, analyst and investor
presentations, letters to shareholders, etc.) undergo a structured,
traceable, production process and are prepared in close collaboration
with the Group's various functions. They are reviewed by concerned
business Managers and finally approved by the Executive Committee.
The Financial Communication department, in conjunction with the
Legal department, coordinates the MAR (Market Abuse regulation)
Committee described on p. 44;

identifying the shareholder base and investor relations throughout
the year, through physical or telephone conferences, roadshows,
analyst/investor days or individual meetings. These exchanges are
intended to give the market information about the Group's strategy,
performance and outlook, and to maintain and fuel interest in the
stock. In 2020, nearly all events took place remotely, due to the health
crisis. These events led to nearly 1,000 contacts.

The Group's Finance and Treasury department is tasked with ensuring
the liquidity of Group operations, the security, transparency and
efficiency of treasury and finance operations, and hedging against
all financial risks. Its areas of work are as follows:

& managing financial resources to ensure the Group’s liq!

® managing and securing cash flows (cash management);

@ quantifying and hedging against financial risks (particularly
currency, interest rates and raw materials risks);

& monitoring relations with banks;
& financing projects, particularly acquisitions;

& overseeing strategies for hedging customer risk.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 21 ---

Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

Group Controlling department

Accounting and Tax department

The Group Controlling department coordinates budget planning and
control, using a handbook of management procedures and rules
applicable to all entities, including Group budgeting, re-projections
and management reporting methods.

Its key oversight responsibilities are as follows:

@ budgeting process. Guidelines and recommendations are circulated
to the various entities for budgeting purposes. The Group Controlling
department consolidates and oversees the various budgetary
adjustments before a budget is approved by the Executive Committee
and the Board of Directors;

§ re-projections: throughout the year, as the Group’s business evolves,
the Group Controlling department alerts the Executive Committee
in the event of a deviation from the budget, quantifies the impact
of corrective measures and coordinates re-projections at key times
during the year. These are then consolidated and approved at the
Executive Committee level;

& reporting and analysis of operational performance: every month,
to enable effective Group oversight, the Group Controlling department
consolidates all information from a single, centralized management
tool to establish dashboards for the Executive Committee and
Group management. The dashboards include appropriate analyses
of significant deviations and trends.

The Accounting and Tax department is responsible for ensuring that
the Group’s accounting principles and standards are compliant with
commonly accepted international accounting standards. It defines
the Group’s accounting standards and oversees their distribution and
application, particularly through training courses. It is responsible for
preparing the Group's Consolidated Financial Statements and closes
the Group’s Financial Statements, in collaboration with the entities,
in a timely manner.

The Group Accounting and Tax department oversees and coordinates
the Shared Service Centers for Accounting and Management
Services. These entities, in France, Poland, Germany, the United
States, and China, help improve the Group's internal control system
through the sharing of best practices, standardization of procedures
and the division of tasks.

The Group Accounting and Tax department also ensures compliance
with tax regulations and obligations in all countries where the Group
operates. It also ensure the:

& monitoring tax inspections carried out by tax authorities in all
of the Group’s entities;

@ ensuring consistency in the tax procedures used by the entities;

§§ liaising with tax consultants to verify that the Group's main activities
are compliant with current legislation.

Sustainable Development department

The Sustainable Development department drives and coordinates
the sustainable development policy. It documents and rolls out
short- and medium-term action plans, in line with the Group's priority
criteria, in each division and on every continent, thus promoting
appropriate conduct.

In addition, the Sustainable Development department is responsible
for the content of the Group’s Code of Ethics and ensures that it is
properly circulated and understood in all the entities. As the principles
of the Code of Ethics are included in the Internal Control Manual, the
ethical compliance of our subsidiaries is regularly checked on site by
the internal audit teams.

Conformity to the values mentioned in the Code of Ethics does not
stop with the company: the Sustainable Development department
also monitors the application of these principles by suppliers, by
means of a Responsible Purchasing Charter, which is circulated to
and signed by all its partners, and regular outsourced audits. This last
measure is fully in keeping with our action plans for compliance with
the “SAPIN II” and “Duty of Vigilance” laws.

Each of the Group's plants is organized to prevent any pollution
(of air, water, or soil) or environmental accidents and to reduce its
carbon and environmental impact (particularly in terms of energy,
water, and waste). To achieve this, each plant complies with local
environmental regulations as well as standards shared by all Group
sites. The regulations, and changes in them, are monitored locally by
Health, Safety and Environment coordinators.

Measures to assess risks, prevent pollution and reduce environmental
impact are implemented locally and coordinated at Group head office:
a dedicated staff member is responsible for setting environmental
goals and defining shared standards. The Sustainable Development
department also ensures the implementation of performance
indicators, which are then monitored and consolidated.

Environmental risk is overseen by a dedicated Group team which
regularly monitors changes in regulations and transcribes these
regulations into the Group's standards. The processes are then rolled
out to the plants.

As part of its compliance policy, the Sustainable Development
department appoints an external service provider to audit the Group's
industrial sites in countries presenting ethical, social and environmental
risks.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 22 ---

Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

Personnel Administration department

Purchasing department

The Group had nearly 33,000 employees at 31 December 2020,
divided between more than 100 operational entities worldwide. The
Personnel Administration department is responsible for ensuring the
consistency of personnel management processes. It is organized
around the following main areas:

@ defining personnel management rules applicable to all of the
Group’s businesses, in line with local regulations: management
of working time and leave, business expenses, tools available
to personnel (computers, telephones, cars, etc.), and the payroll
process (checks, approval and security);

rolling out and overseeing a single personnel management tool
at Group level, in accordance with local personal data protection
regulations. This includes the administrative process related to
employee entry, performance monitoring, and exit;

managing the Shared Service Center dedicated to payroll for all
French entities, ensuring the division of tasks and a strict level of
control. The Personnel Administration department also reviews the
standard processes for setting up outsourced payroll management;

@ keeping people safe: the Personnel Administration department
is responsible for drawing up safety rules, particularly in countries
identified as risky (Ministry of Foreign Affairs) and coordinates
the monitoring of traveling employees with an external partner to
ensure their safety.

The Group has two purchasing departments, one which manages the
purchasing of components and raw materials required to manufacture
products, as well as indirect purchases, and the other that manages
the purchasing of finished products. The scale of the financial flows
involved means that the Purchasing department is central to the
Group's internal control process:

@ managing centralized purchasing, one department based at head
office in France and the other close to our suppliers in Asia for
finished products. Both departments use the same organizational
principles: operational buyers located close to where the need is
(plants, R&D centers, markets) and category buyers, who determine
the Group's purchasing strategy. This centralized oversight begins
with the implementation of standard processes and strict rules on
how to manage purchases (calls for tenders, purchase requests,
approvals, etc.);

@ overseeing suppliers, mainly by category managers, through
performance indicators and reviews and audits of suppliers, relating
not only to operational aspects (quality, supply chain, etc.) but also
responsibility and ethical, social and environmental compliance, in
partnership with the Sustainable Development department;

monitoring purchasing performance: establishing purchasing
strategies, objectives and analysis to optimize efficiency and
strengthen control. A dashboard makes it possible to accurately
monitor key indicators and adjust the action to be taken.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 23 ---

Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

Information Systems department

Supply Chain department

Groupe SEB's information systems are designed to guarantee the
security, integrity, availability and traceability of information.

Several priority areas within the Information Systems department help
to improve the Group's control environment, including:

& operational tools (ERP, business software, office automation,
communication, etc.): the Information Systems department
oversees operations for the Group’s tools and participates in an
Information Systems Steering Committee, described on p. 44;

@ network architecture: the Information Systems department ensures
the consistency, availability, and integrity of the Group’s networks;

& security of information systems and personal data protection: a
Group Head of IT Security or Chief Information Security Officer (CISO)
was recruited in July 2020 to reinforce the existing security system.

His role is to define the IT security strategy in order to address
the cybersecurity challenges the organization faces. He ensures
that the mapping of cyber risk is up to date and that adequate
protection measures and systems are in place to address the
various risks identified. In charge of IT systems security, he defines
and implements the Group's security policy, oversees the Group’s
key security indicators, monitors the implementation of security
rules in projects, and takes the necessary information, awareness
and risk prevention measures. This activity is supported by an
Information Systems Security Committee (described on p. 44).
With regard to personal data protection requirements, the CISO
works with the Head of Personal Data Protection and the Legal
and Personnel Administration departments: this cross-functional
organization is described on p. 43 (“Cybersecurity and Information
Systems failure risk”);

digital applications: The Information Systems department ensures
the implementation of software components and infrastructure to
ensure the quality, security and availability of the service provided
to consumers: downloadable applications on mobile phones and
tablets to facilitate the use of connected products and give access
to digital content, photos, recipes, etc.

The distribution of the Group’s businesses across all continents
requires constant optimization of the production process, flows,
procurement and logistics.

The role of the Supply Chain department is to ensure customers
are satisfied and products are available, while optimizing costs and
inventories. To achieve this, the department must have a comprehensive
overview of the issues, from our suppliers to our customers and
use sales forecasts to control scheduling, to provide a high level of
customer service. Specifically, this involves:

@ reviewing our optimal logistical footprint between our industrial
facilities and our customers, as well as the global deployment of our
OPS program, which enables us to guarantee high quality at optimum
cost, in the drive for continuous improvement of our performance;

@ defining and rolling out stock management procedures that apply
to all the Group’s warehouses, outsourced or not, including a receipt
and dispatch management process, an inventory management
process and security requirements at storage sites;

& oversight of product flows: defining and optimizing product flows
(with a view to improving the flexibility of industrial sites) in line with
international regulations and in compliance with customs regulations.

With a view to continually improving customer service, the Group is
in the process of changing the structure of its supply chain, which
will be organized along three key principles:

centralized calculation of demand, based on market data and the use
of statistical forecasting tools, as well as centralized management
of logistics centers to optimize our distribution network;

& maintaining the structures required to serve our customers on
continents and within markets. These structures will define our
logistics offerings by customer type and implement them, from
taking orders to delivery;

& centralizing the «Planning» function in our Business Units which,
based on demand calculated by the central function, will schedule
production and supplies to service the markets. The BUs are also
responsible for product offerings, plants and marketing plans.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 24 ---

Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

Industrial Efficiency department

Quality & Environment department

Ensuring the competitiveness of our industrial operations has always
been a central concern for the Group. Groupe SEB has implemented
a system for the continuous improvement of industrial performance,
known as OPS, which has for many years been used in all the Group's
plants. In recent years we have also been working on adopting the latest
digital techniques to improve our plants using cutting-edge technology.

This department is responsible for the following processes:

@ OPS, a performance management process that includes
procedures, tools and methods for the smooth running of our
plants, based on the principle of seeking excellence and continuous
improvement.

a “factory of the future” program that sets out the new digital
tools and methods to be deployed to improve our plants by means
of industrial IT.

& Continual evaluation of the need to progress our industrial footprint
and our industrial strategy.

Improving the quality of its products and processes has always been
a central concern for Groupe SEB. Groupe SEB uses a Quality and
Environment Management System, a key pillar of any business,
implemented through a shared tool available on the Group Intranet.

This system includes all the procedures, tools and methods relating
to the Group's key processes:

@ management procedures with the definition of Group policy,
strategic planning, continuous quality improvement, and safeguarding
of the environment;

& operational processes, including strategic marketing, R&D, sales
and marketing, customer order processing and production;

& operational support functions, covering human resources,
information systems, purchasing, finance, after-sales service, and
customer assistance;

& monthly reporting allows the Quality department to accurately
track key indicators and adjust its actions.

Health and Safety department

Employee health and safety within the Group is our number one
priority and everyone's responsibility, whether they work in industry,
on logistics platforms, commercial subsidiaries, or at headquarters.

The Health and Safety policy is coordinated by the Group Health

and Safety department, which is responsible for managing it. It is

structured around five focus areas that are communicated to the

sites continuously:

@ ensuring that health and safety is always seen as our number
one priority;

@ focusing on one ambitious objective, monitored with indicators
on site and at Group level;

@§ taking every serious accident or incident into consideration
and making it a learning opportunity;

@ sharing the same level of skills and requirements based on
shared standards;

@ acting promptly on any recorded non-compliance to address
it rapidly.

A Group-wide Strategic Health/Safety Committee is described on p. 44.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 25 ---

Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

Alongside these departments overseeing the Group’s control activities, Committees have been set up spanning various control topics. These
Committees meet two to four times a year and involve managers from the aforementioned departments. Each are responsible for identifying, in
their respective areas, any situations requiring action at the central level (regulatory changes, evolution of the market context, etc.). In this case,
each Committee will report to the Group Executive Committee.

GROUP SEB EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE (COME;

Thierry de La Tour d’Artaise Chairman and Chief Executive 0

Stanislas de Gramont Chief Operating Officer

Nathalie Lomon Senior Executive Vice-president, Finance

Delphine Segura Vaylet* Senior Executive Vice-president, Human Resources

Harry Touret Senior Executive Vice-president, Human Ressources

Alain Leroy Executive Vice-president, Industrial Operations

Patrick Llobregat Executive Vice-president, Cookware

Olivier Naccache Executive Vice-president, Small Electrical Appliances

Oliver Kastalio Chief Executive Officer WMF

Vincent Rouiller** Executive Vice-president, Research

Cathy Pianon** Executive Vice-president, Public Affairs & Communication
Philippe Sumeire** Executive Vice-president, Legal, General Secretary of the Board of Directors.
Cyril Buxtorf Executive Vice-president, EMEA.

Martin Zouhar Executive Vice-president, Americas

Vincent Tai Executive Vice-president, Asia - Executive Vice-president, EMEA.

Compliance Committee Information Systems
Security Committee

§ Audit and Internal Control department.

im Legal department im Information Systems department
m Human Resources department 1 Audit and Internal Control department
1 Sustainable Development department mt Human Resources department
Finance and Treasury department X yy,

Sustainable Development Steering Committee
MAR (Market Abuse Regulation) Committee

1 Sustainable Development department

1 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 1 Audit and Internal Control department
1 Chief Operating Officer m Human Resources department
1m Senior Executive Vice-president, Finance Quality & Environment department
1 Legal department m Research department
1§ Financial Communication and Investor Relations department m Brands department
XN 7 = Marketing department

. im Sales department
Information Systems

Steering Committee i Strategy department

Legal department

1 Information Systems department 1 Customer Satisfaction department

1 Continental departments 1 Industrial department

1m Products & Innovation department @ Purchasing department

1m General Finance department XN S

1m General Human Resources department

Health and Safety Committee

@ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer @ Group Communication department
& Chief Operating Officer & Directors of Industrial Activities
@ Senior Executive Vice-president, Human Ressources @ Group Health/Safety department

* Appointment to COMEX on 01/01/2021.
** Appointment to COMEX on 01/02/2021.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 26 ---

In particular, the Compliance Committee implements measures relating
to recent regulatory developments. A cross-functional action plan
involving several Group departments has been drawn up to address
the requirements of the SAPIN II law and the Duty of Vigilance law
relating to parent companies and principals.

This action plan focuses on the following key points, most of which
are already in place:

| Code of Conduct;

internal whistle-blowing system;

@ risk mapping, corruption and suppliers;

@ customer and supplier assessment procedures;

internal and external accounting control procedures;

§ training system;

@ disciplinary system;

1 internal system to control the implementation of the above measures.

Lastly, to ensure efficient overall management, Groupe SEB relies on
the decentralization of operational responsibilities and clearly defined

Introduction to the Group
Organization and internal control

rules of operation and delegation. It also benefits from a well-established
corporate culture, rooted in shared fundamental human values that
foster an ethical working environment: Entrepreneurial drive, Passion
for innovation, Professionalism, Group spirit, and Respect for people.

Groupe SEB has been a signatory of the Global Compact since 2003
and supports the values set out in this document, promoting them
throughout the company. The Group Human Resources department
states in its guiding principles: “The Group is a community of men and
women who share the same objectives and values”.

The Code of Ethics, published in September 2012, serves as the frame
of reference for Groupe SEB’s values and standards. It defines individual
and collective rules of conduct to guide the actions and inspire the
decisions of each employee. It is supplemented by a whistle-blowing
system that allows any employee to report a serious violation of the
Code of Ethics.

More details on the whistle-blowing system are provided in Chapter 3.3,
page 135.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 27 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

1.4 Risk factors

MAIN RISK FACTORS

PRESENTATION OF THE MAIN RISKS

RISKS INVOLVING EXTRA-FINANCIAL ISSUES (DESCRIBED IN CHAPTER 3,
(“CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY”)

Strategic risks

Degree 3

m Market competition and concentration for
Small Domestic Equipment market

™ Changes in the distribution industry

@ Innovation and intellectual property

m Image and reputation
Operational risks

Degree 2
= Business volatility and competitiveness
m Talent attraction and retention @
m Macroeconomics, geopolitics
and regulations
= Compliance ®
m Cybersecurity and Information Systems
Industrial and environmental risks failures

Degree 1 Degree 2

@ Product quality and @ = Business continuity
consumer safety m Employee health @
and safety and
environment

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 28 ---

INTRODUCTION

The nature of Groupe SEB's business and its large international presence
opens up significant development opportunities, but also exposes it to
various types of internal and external risks. These risks may adversely
affect the Group's activities, results, financial position or assets, or have
consequences for its various stakeholders — consumers, employees,
shareholders, customers, suppliers, partners, the local ecosystem

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

The Group implements a range of measures to identify risks and
measure their potential impacts and probability of occurrence. These
risks are then managed according to risk control plans that are regularly
reviewed and involve the players concerned in the Group's various
departments. As with any control system, however, it cannot provide
an absolute guarantee of total control or elimination of all risks.

(public authorities and civil societies), etc.

RISK IDENTIFICATION AND CONTROL PROCESS

In accordance with regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and its delegated regulation (EU) 2019/980, which took effect on 21 July 2019, this section outlines,
in a limited number of categories, the most significant risks in terms of materiality and specificities in relation to the Group's activities.

Within each category, the most significant risk factors are presented first.

The risk identification and control process is an ongoing process incorporated within the Group's operations. In order to provide comprehensive
information, the various stages of collecting and processing information were defined as follows: operational approach, consolidation by key
theme, review by the Executive Committee.

COLLECTION OF OPERATIONAL RISKS

Operational risks—risks related to operations, legal affairs, the industrial side of the business and the environment—are identified and reviewed
annually by means of interviews with key divisional managers.

Risk forms are then created and consolidated by the Audit and Internal Control department to identify the main issues by theme.

On the basis of this consolidation, each function director meets individually with the Audit and Internal Control department so as to assess
thoroughly the main risks and associated risk management plans.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 29 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

CONSOLIDATION AT GROUP LEVEL

An annual working meeting is held with the Executive Committee members on the basis of the above elements. This meeting covers all the
information from the operational collection. Each risk is reviewed in detail, to evaluate how it has evolved and its relevance in terms of both
potential impact for the Group and probability of occurrence.

For each residual risk, after taking mitigation measures into account, a degree of exposure is defined, with level 1 corresponding to the risks to
which the Group is least exposed, and level 3 to the risks to which the Group is most exposed.

High impact
. DEGREE 2 “
>

Low impact

FINANCIAL IMPACT

Less impact PROBABILITY OF OCCURRENCE More probable

Lastly, the review of the Group’s risk mapping activity is included as a specific agenda item at an annual meeting of the Audit and Compliance
Committee (review of methodology, risks, their assessment by Group management and the associated action plans).

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 30 ---

SPECIFIC RISK: COVID-19.

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

Description of risk

The risks associated with the coronavirus epidemic were significant,
although it is difficult to quantify precisely the impact they had on the
Group's activities in 2020.

This crisis was reflected by two trends; some habits, such as home-
made cooking, increased, which in turn highlighted the relevance of our
products, and the expansion of e-commerce accelerated. This meant
that our consumer business was able to end the year with sales that
were almost as high as those of last year.

Professional activity, on the other hand, suffered from the closure of
cafés, restaurants, hotels and large catering chains. This situation
resulted in our customers suspending, postponing or reducing their
capital expenditure on equipment—particularly coffee machines—
significantly limited our maintenance business.

The safety of the Group's employees has been, and remains, our
absolute priority, requiring us to put in place the following measures:

&@ protective measures in the workplace (masks, social distancing,
hygiene measures);

isolation measures, by closing sites (up to 25 industrial sites closed);
and

&@ organizational measures for telecommuting.

Despite the rollout of vaccination programs worldwide, the public
health situation remains highly uncertain.

The Group has needed to, and may yet need to, temporarily close
one or more of its sites (production sites, warehouses, commercial
subsidiaries and administrative offices, retail stores etc.) due to the
restrictions put in place by national governments.

In addition, the supply chain for Group finished products, raw materials
and components may be affected insofar as Group suppliers and
subcontractors have seen or may see restrictions to the manufacture
and distribution of their products and logistics were or may be disrupted.

Lastly, travel bans and confinement measures in some countries,
resulting in a drop of footfall in physical stores and even the closure of
many stores, could have a direct and significant impact on the resale
of our products to end users. This decline may only be partially offset
by an increase in online sales.

This could result in late payments or the risk of insolvency of certain
customers.

All of these elements could lead to a decrease in sales and in Operating
Result from Activity (ORfA) in several Group geographies, as was
the case in 2020, and could result in increased business volatility,
depending on the health measures in place.

Management of risk

The Group has put in place a procedure to continually review the impact
of this crisis under the authority of a dedicated Committee comprising
members of General Management and operational managers.

A Business Continuity Plan has been elaborated, which provides in
particular for:

@ Systematic implementation of measures taken by national
governments;

@ Specific crisis management and protection measures for Group
employees in the various sites (plants, warehouses, commercial
subsidiaries and administrative offices, retail stores etc.) including
in particular:
= provision of protective equipment (hydroalcoholic gel, masks) for

employees, regular cleaning and disinfection of common areas,
layout of workstations to respect the necessary distance and
ensure strict compliance with barrier gestures recommended
at all Group sites;

= possibility of using telework for all employees whose activity
allows, on all Group sites;

= in general, intense communication, information and awareness
campaigns for all employees.

Continuity of customer service through continuation of our logistics
platforms, while safeguarding employee health;

@& Communication with partners, customers, suppliers and stakeholders
regarding the continuity of key services;

Banning travel for all Group employees;

Reduction in operational expenses, strict control on administrative
costs;

Strengthened monitoring of customer receivables. It will also be
recalled that:

= the Group operates in numerous distribution networks, depending
on the country and its activities, and that its customer portfolio
is balanced,

= the Group has a broad and international program of credit
insurance policies.

Securing of liquidity, thanks to balanced funding in terms of
instruments and maturities. The Group's short-term debt is fully
covered by undrawn syndicated credit lines for an amount of more
than €1 billion. Loans and lines of credit are not subject to any
prepayment clause based on covenants. Information on the maturities
and characteristics of the borrowings and credit lines can be found
in Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements on page 271
of this document.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 31 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

1.4.1 STRATEGIC RISKS

RISK RELATED TO COMPETITION AND CONCENTRATION IN THE SMALL DOMESTIC

EQUIPMENT MARKET

Description of risk

The Small Domestic Equipment market is buoyant, but it is still
fragmented on a global level, particularly in certain segments or
geographic areas.

As explained in Chapter 1, p. 22, there are a large number of competitors,
and particularly:

§ large global groups, generalists or specialists, with global brands
in one or more product categories;

@ groups operating primarily in their domestic markets or a in small
number of reference markets;

§ leading players concentrating on a single product category;

@ companies selling their products under retailer brands or without a
brand name.

Also, with some Asian companies gaining traction in domestic and
international markets and with new 100% online BtoC business models
popping up, some brands are quickly gaining market share in targeted
categories, at the expense of our products.

This large number of players, combined with pressures on retail, results
in intense competition, which creates an environment driven by sales
promotions. In this context, differentiation and competitiveness are
crucial.

Furthermore, in addition to its organic growth targets, for decades
the Group has implemented an external growth strategy to accelerate
its expansion and consolidate its market positions. This strategy
has resulted in major strategic acquisitions (Moulinex in 2001,
Supor in 2007, WMF in 2016) and more targeted acquisitions (All-
Clad, Imusa, Krampouz, StoreBound, etc.). Therefore, missing an
acquisition opportunity could be detrimental to the Group. Likewise,
if our competitors ramp up their acquisitions policies, they could
bolster their positions in the markets concerned — Small Electrical
Appliances, Cookware or the BtoB market (coffee in particular). Such
a gain in momentum could impact the Group's competitiveness as
the Group would receive reduced economies of scale and bargaining
power with distributors.

Finally, each of these acquisitions has specific features in terms of
corporate culture, structure, operational processes and distribution
channels. Failing to identify these or not taking them into account
could have an adverse effect on the integration process and the value
creation expected from these operations.

Management of risk

@ With regard to competition risk and the need to be competitive, the
Group serves its customers to the best of its ability by relying on the
widest range available on the market, fueled by an ongoing approach
to innovation that makes it stand out from the crowd, on its unique
portfolio of brands, on a presence in all distribution networks and
on an effective and versatile manufacturing base. In particular, the
Group has an industrial base in Asia through its subsidiary Supor,
which, in addition to the Chinese domestic market, supplies the
Group's international markets.

Market fragmentation can also be a strategic opportunity. With
a long-standing commitment to consolidating the market, and in
its position as market leader, the Group actively and continuously
watches the markets to identify companies that could become
good acquisition targets. This watch prioritizes the most strategic
sectors/geographic areas.

In fact, the Group’s acquisitions policy is based on complementarity
and supports its organic growth strategy. It focuses on strategic and
structuring acquisitions or more targeted acquisitions that provide
synergies in terms of products, geographic area, business sector or
business model. The Group’s cash position also makes it a player
in market consolidation.

Where new acquisitions are concerned, over the years the Group
has built up real experience and strong skills in integration. An ad
hoc structure has been set up, which combines post-acquisition due
diligence processes and the creation of an integration committee. Its
role is to oversee, support and coordinate each integration process
between all the stakeholders involved (the acquired company,
the relevant Business Units within Groupe SEB and the markets
affected by the acquisition). The integration of employees of the
new entity, the rollout of Group processes (e.g. financial reporting),
the harmonization of IT tools, and the performance of audits, in
particular, are carried out by the various departments in question
(Strategy, Human Resources, Management Control, Information
Systems, Audit and Internal Control, etc.).

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 32 ---

RISK ASSOCIATED WITH CHANGES IN THE DISTRIBUTION INDUSTRY.

Description of risk

The distribution industry has experienced some major changes over the
past few years. These changes have had a lasting impact on the Group’s
business: sector consolidation (through acquisitions or by setting
up central buying organizations). The rapid emergence and success
of e-commerce specialists have radically transformed the business
environment as well. Similarly, new digital companies offering direct
BtoC service have appeared, shattering traditional distribution models.

Some of the Group’s long-standing customers, especially traditional
retailers in mature markets, have not been successful in transforming
their business to digital. As a result, they have had to embark on
major reorganizations to counter declines in store traffic - shifts within
the portfolio of products sold, major discounts to attract customers,
lean inventory management, limited re-stocking, reducing their store
network, etc.

In 2020, as a result of the restrictive measures implemented worldwide
to halt the spread of Covid-19 (including temporary store closures),
the growth of online sales accelerated sharply, further weakening
some brands that had not developed their digital business - or had
not developed it sufficiently.

Furthermore, and more generally, 2020 confirmed the blurring of the
boundaries between physical retail and e-commerce; the trend is now
towards omnichannel distribution.

In some cases, these changes included restructuring, including cost
reduction measures and even store closures, which may have resulted
in bankruptcies.

As a result, this profound transformation within the distribution industry
may spill over onto the Group and adversely impact sales and/or market
share, or even unpaid debts.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 [s+]

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

Management of risk

@ The Group strives to grow in a balanced and sustainable way, using
all existing distribution networks in order to optimize its market
exposure and diversify its risks. In fact, in 2020, the Group's largest
customer accounted for just over 5 percent of consolidated revenue,
but in some countries the weighting of a given distributor can
be significantly more. In essence, we're talking about long-term
partners with whom the Group is keen to maintain a solid, trustworthy
business relationship.

Changes in the distribution industry can also be a strategic
opportunity for the Group and fine-tuning how we do business is a
core concept of our corporate plan. The sales teams are structured
to provide an adequate response to this.

The Group's e-commerce sales account for around 35% of consumer
sales, rising steadily for several years. The same has been true for
pure players and Click&Mortar stores. In direct to consumer, the
Group has already generated around 7% of its consumer sales
through its network of directly operated stores (Home&Cook, WMF,
Supor Life Stores, etc.). It is also developing an online direct to
consumer model via brand websites (around 100 online sales outlets
at the end of 2020).

@ The unique circumstances of 2020 prompted the Group to ramp up
significantly the liquidity monitoring of some of its retailer customers,
so as to anticipate potential defaults (customer profile, in-house
credit analysis, centralized indicators and reports, etc.).


--- Page 33 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

RISK RELATED TO INNOVATION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.

Description of risk

The Group has to regularly renew our product portfolio through
innovations. Innovations are designed to satisfy consumers’ new needs
and may emerge through existing product or service improvements
or via breakthrough innovations.

Over the past few years, product life cycles have shortened, and agile
players have emerged with short-lived product offerings (even mono-
products) delivered through an innovative marketing and distribution
approach. This phenomenon is in tune with new consumer trends
and rapid technological developments, especially “digital” products,
connected products and related services.

Adapting to these new trends and understanding new ways to consume
products and services is a key issue for the Group as we have to
learn them and respond to them with an innovative product offering
to defend and even increase sales and market share.

The Group's brands and innovations are world-renowned. This leads
to various types of intellectual property right infringements (patents,
trademarks, designs), which can hurt the Group’s sales and create
image risks.

All of the Group’s innovations must therefore be protected through
patent, design and model filings along with other intellectual property
assets including a portfolio of registered brands.

Conversely, the Group's active innovation approach is liable to be in
conflict with a patent or a design already filed by a competitor. This
would result in a litigation, reputational or financial risk in the event of
a recall of the product concerned.

Management of risk

@ Innovation has been a major part of the Group's strategy since
the very beginning. That’s why we invest considerable human and
financial resources to support it (€240 million or 3.5% of sales in 2020).

@ A product offering that stands out above the crowd and fast factory
to shelf time are major advantages that can add momentum to the
business and win market share. With this in mind, the Group is
constantly striving to make the product development process more
agile so innovations can be launched on the market faster. Over
these past few years, the Group has emphasized digital innovations
with the development of connected products to improve consumers’
daily lives and offering related services as part of a comprehensive
ecosystem.

In addition, actively monitoring consumer trends and competitor
innovations provides input on both changes in product offerings
and on potential acquisition targets for the Group.

The Group allocates the budgets required to protect and develop
our key intangible assets such as trademarks and innovation, and
to combat counterfeiting. A strategy of targeted registration of
trademarks, designs and patents has been implemented, taking
into account the sales outlook and high-risk countries;

The Group monitors risk of intellectual property right infringement
online and in the field:

= anti-counterfeiting measures are being systematically applied in
the field, primarily in high-risk countries such as China and the
Middle East as well as in high-stake trading countries; These
measures include monitoring trade fairs where investigations
are perforemd which lead to customs seizures, legal action and
destruction of molds and inventories,

on the internet (marketplaces, websites), measures are being taken
thanks to a global monitoring system that generates regular reports
and makes it possible to take rapid action to have online copies
removed and combat trademark infringement and cybersquatting.

@ The Group also monitors risk of third parties having their intellectual
property infringed upon due to actions integrated into the product
innovation and development process. As a result, many product
launch projects are subject to a freedom to operate analysis of
the trademarks, designs and patents before validation and launch.
Nevertheless, the probability remains that a prior industrial property
right has not been identified, and in this case, the Group may have
to modify the technical or aesthetic construction of a product to
eliminate any risk of litigation, negotiate an amicable settlement of
the potential dispute or defend itself if the prior industrial property
right is not a priori invalid or if the alleged infringement is not proven.

[<2] GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 34 ---

IMAGE AND REPUTATIONAL RISK.

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

Description of risk

Groupe SEB relies on a unique portfolio of around 30 brands that hold
leadership positions around the world in their respective domestic
market. The reputation of these brands is based on product quality and
their distribution method, as well as on the marketing and advertising
policies they implement.

Products or communication that is inappropriate to the image of
the brands, improper conduct by the Group’s brand ambassadors,
employees, distributors or suppliers, as well as the circulation of
damaging information in the media could affect the brand's reputation,
have an adverse effect on sales or negatively impact the brands’
valuation on the balance sheet (over €1 billion at 31 December 2020).

In times where information circulates more and more rapidly (through
internet sites, instant messaging, social networks, etc.), any negative
overtones may have an impact on the Group's image, at a country, a
region, or even global level, with repercussions on sales and profit.

Risk can emerge based on founded or unfounded information and/
or rumors and can cover a wide array of subjects — product quality
or safety, material safety (especially food), manufacturing processes,
environmental impact, business practices, ethical values or compliance
with regulations (tax, labor).

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 (s3]

Management of risk

Groupe SEB supports and builds up the reputation of our brands by
collaborating with reputable professionals in their fields (communication
agencies, ambassadors, inluencers etc.), to respect and promote the
personality of each brand.

At the same time, the Group actively protects our brands’ reputation
using a three-level protection mechanism:

@§ the first level of protection against image risk is preventative and
consists in not creating a situation that could lead to negative
communication about the Group. This is achieved by conforming
to the Group’s values and the Code of Ethics, and complying with
internal processes (particularly quality, financial reporting, internal
control, safety, etc.). All Group employees are regularly reminded
of these key principles: when they are hired, and during long-term
training and communications. They are alerted to compliance with
ethical rules at all levels and some employees receive training in
digital technology and social networks and how to use them;

the second protection consists in setting up a response system
for monitoring information: in addition to conventional means
for monitoring traditional media, the Group uses an e-reputation
tracking tool on social networks, alongside an internal (feedback
to management, decision-making) and external (crisis management
and procedure unit) communication process;

lastly, the Group applies measures to secure information-sharing
processes to limit the risks of fraudulent communication and identity
theft.


--- Page 35 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

1.4.2 OPERATIONAL RISKS

COMPLIANCE (§)

Description of risk

Increasingly complex regulations, the Group’s expansion into new
geographical areas, changes in technology, and growing competitive
pressure are all factors that increase the risks of fraud arising, whether
originating internally or externally, or of non-compliance with domestic or
international regulations, or with the Group's in-house rules. Compliance
and corruption risks are factored into the mapping of Group risks.

Despite our sophisticated and regular internal control and audit process
(internal and external), the Group is not immune from violations, whether
material or modest, intentional or otherwise.

These violations may carry a risk of administrative or legal proceedings
alongside financial and/or reputational risk.

Management of risk

@ Compliance with international and local regulations is a Group
priority set out in our Code of Ethics.

@ The Group conducts continuous regulatory monitoring and is gradually
developing training courses adapted to regulatory developments,
as part of a Global Compliance training program. This program
includes a “Code of Ethics” training course as a starting point, as
well as more specific training (“Antitrust”, “Anti-corruption” or indeed
“Personal data protection”).

With respect to the protection of personal data (GDPR regulations),
the Group has established a specific, dedicated entity comprising
members from several functional departments: legal, human
resources, information systems, marketing, etc. In addition, security
procedures in the event of security breaches to our IT applications
that affect personal data have been drawn up and rolled out to
ensure a rapid and effective response to this risk.

In terms of tax regulations, the Group cooperates with and has an open
relationship with the tax authorities and endeavors to comply with and
implement tax regulations in all the countries in which it operates.

Regulatory changes are monitored by the Accounting and Tax
department and local finance departments.

The Group’s Code of Ethics sets out the principles governing its tax
policy:
@ “We pay all taxes due in the countries in which we operate.”

@ “We endeavor to ensure that the accounting and tax filings we
make to the authorities are exhaustive and reflect the real picture
in each subsidiary.”

The Group also applies OECD transfer pricing recommendations and
is regularly audited by the relevant tax authorities.

@ With respect to the fight against external fraud, a process of
systematically reporting information on attempted fraud to the
Audit and Internal Control department allows the Group to analyze
these situations, inform all entities of the risks and respond quickly by
implementing new checks (particularly updating our firewalls). A major
initiative to raise awareness among financial employees and the
systematic implementation of dual checks, for example, have enabled
the Group to fight against attempts of identity theft of customers,
suppliers and Group senior managers through technological means.

The policy for managing the risk of corruption is presented in the
Non-Financial Performance Statement in Chapter 3 “Corporate
Social Responsibility”.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 36 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

RISK LINKED TO THE VOLATILITY OF OUR BUSINESS AND TO COMPETITIVENESS.

Description of risk

A significant proportion of our product sales are made during holiday
periods or for special events (Prime Day, Black Friday, Christmas,
Chinese New Year, Ramadan, Singles’ Day in China, Mother's Day,
Shrove Tuesday, etc.), with the biggest money-making events taking
place in November and December. Because of this, we achieve a
substantial proportion of revenue at the end of the year. As a result,
traditionally, both sales and earnings are heavily weighted toward the
4" quarter. Additionally, since some holidays fall on different days
(Chinese New Year, Ramadan, etc.), sometimes an event could happen
twice in one fiscal year and then not at all during another. Some of our
products are also highly seasonal and depend on weather conditions,
such as fans.

The Group's several-year-long commitment to loyalty programs for
consumers with distributors is another factor in sales volatility. These
high-visibility operations generate major sales but, on the other hand,
can dry up the market and generate elevated revenue that may not be
recurrent from one year to the next.

Groupe SEB also pursues a product partnerships policy to develop
new concepts and boost sales. However, in this market, our partners
can change their policies, which can generate revenue risk.

Lastly, in Professional Coffee, beyond our current business, signing
and executing major contracts with certain customers (large restaurant
chains, convenience stores, gas station chains, etc.) for equipment or
to replace machines can lead to sales volatility.

The number of products sold, and therefore the Group’s revenue and
operating result, can fluctuate considerably over a quarter, a half-year
or over a year.

In addition, the Group must be able to streamline the productivity of
its facilities in order to remain competitive, which involves:

§ flexibility on the part of its plants and logistics centers in response
to this fluctuating demand;

§ shifting between in-house and outsourced production, managing
industrial investments and manufacturing costs, simplifying processes
and flows, optimizing the supply chain and related inventories
(components, work in progress, finished products), etc.;

@ speeding up throughput over the entire value chain to better respond
to customers’ expectations;

@ streamlining product diversity and complexity (by delayed
differentiation, in particular);

§ taking into consideration changes in external factors, such as the
price of raw materials and exchange rates.

On average, over the past two years, aluminum has represented 11%

of direct purchases for manufacturing, steels / metal parts 19%, plastic

materials / parts 18% and components electrical / electronic 25%.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 (s]

Management of risk

@ Business during high resale periods are planned in conjunction with
our major distribution partners to reduce unknown risks. Sales and
promotional campaigns remain aggressive during the low season
to spread out revenue a little more evenly throughout the year. The
Group’s geographic diversification also reduces the risk of volatility
caused by seasonal products sold due to weather conditions.

With regard to loyalty programs, the Group has set up a meticulous
management process — no loyalty program can be started without
management's approval and after analyzing operational what-
ifs (offerings, visibility, brand, supply chain) and profitability. This
process is accompanied by monitoring throughout the campaign
with the different stakeholders, to secure volumes and procurement.

Lastly, with regard to partnerships, the main measure of risk
management is based on sustainability of the relationship (the major
partnerships are more than 15 years old) and on the diversification
of these partnerships that allows portfolio balancing in this activity.

Regarding our professional coffee machines business, the Group
makes every effort to have a growing list of contracts — including
the smaller contracts — that it manages in an order book, to offset
the impact from huge one-off deals from one year to another.

@ Asa manufacturing company, Groupe SEB constantly has to decide
between internal or outsourced production. Against this background,
around two thirds of the Group’s products are manufactured internally,
particularly products with a high technological value in Europe and
products with strong competition in China, while more commonplace
products are outsourced. Thinking in terms of Total Cost Ownership,
we want to simplify product outflows while attempting to manufacture
as much as possible close to our customers and limit the distance
in between our suppliers’ manufacturing sites.

For in-house production, our local and central/cross-functional
manufacturing teams continuously strive to improve the
competitiveness of our sites, specifically through the rollout of
continuous improvement programs. At the same time, the production
teams have put in place an industrial flexibility program using
diverse technological platforms to improve our responsiveness
and adaptability to market need, as well as to potential rapid
developments in market conditions (currencies, customs fees, raw
materials, etc.).

The Group's currency position is short in dollars and yuan and long
in all other currencies. The Group is required to adjust its pricing
policy to offset fluctuations in exchange rates, which are sometimes
sudden and significant. In addition, Groupe SEB addresses exposure
to currencies and raw materials with a hedging policy that is described
in Note 26 of the financial statements.


--- Page 37 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

RISK RELATED TO ATTRACTING AND RETAINING TALENT ®.

Description of risk

When the company is experiencing sustained growth in a market that’s
in constant flux, we have to constantly shape our human resources
and expand our expertise within the Group.

Our Consumer markets (small electrical appliances and cookware)
and BtoB are largely impacted by major societal trends (consumption
patterns, and especially food, environmental impact from the business,
robotics, digitization, etc.). The Group is keeping up with these trends
with a strong commitment and major investments — in innovation, supply
chain, data, digital technology — requiring increasingly specialized and
qualified employees.

For some of these key profiles, shortages and/or increasing competition
could make it difficult to attract and retain talents. This could cause
delays in integrating expertise needed to develop and manufacture
Group products.

Certain geographic areas, or certain areas of the Group's expertise,
are particularly prone to this risk.

Management of risk

In broad terms, the management policy for this risk is presented in
the Non-Financial Performance Statement in Chapter 3 “Corporate
Social Responsibility”.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 38 ---

CYBERSECURITY AND INFORMATION SYSTEMS FAILURE RISK

Description of risk

Information systems are embedded within the Group’s businesses,
in terms of both operational processes (production management,
accounting, reporting, etc.) and means of communication (email,
networks, telephones, tablets and connected objects).

If these systems break down or are disrupted, it would have a potentially
significant impact on the Group's operations. A failure could come from
a cyber-attack, an intentional or unintentional system contamination by
a computer virus or by exploiting weaknesses in our systems’ security.

Moreover, the sharp increase in the volume of information processed and
the development of connected objects are making data management
processes and tools more complex and more technical. Combined
with the reinforcement of international regulations on personal data
protection (particularly in Europe with the General Data Protection
regulation), this significantly increases the impact that a security breach
could have on data. A data breach involving our customers, suppliers,
consumers or employees, for instance, could have a major long-term
impact on the Group’s business.

In addition, the Group's expansion (geography, size, business sector)
frequently requires us to upgrade or develop our infrastructures,
our management systems (ERP), and our applications. This may
necessitate minor (adaptation of systems in place) or major changes
(definition, construction and implementation of a new system). Each of
these developments causes complexity and disruption in the existing
IT environment with, in particular, risks to the resources affected by
implementation and to operations, if the migration is not effective.

These two risks can produce substantial costs and can expose the
Group's business and performance to risk.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 (s7]

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

Management of risk

@ Regarding cybersecurity risk and systems failure, a coordinated
watch with several suppliers specializing in systems protection
and security aims to monitor developments and actions to counter
cybercrime (antivirus, firewalls, and user identification processes).
The Information Systems department draws up an annual IT risk
map, in collaboration with the Audit and Internal Control department.

@ The Group has a highly centralized information systems management
policy to guarantee consistency in the security and management of
tools. Most of our application servers and data servers are hosted
by third parties located in France, in highly secure and redundant
environments, enabling business continuity without loss of data.
Backup and filtering solutions (antivirus, antispam, web filtering,
etc.) are continuously reinforced.

Lastly, the Group has taken out insurance policies specifically
covering cyber-attacks. The policy also covers personal data
breaches.

Resources are specifically dedicated to these issues and are
structured internally (reporting to the Chief Information Security
Officer (CISO) and the Information Systems Security Committee)
and externally (e.g. an intrusion detection specialist).

Generally speaking, however, the Group is responsible for making
all employees accountable: specialists (developers, network
administrators, etc.) or end-users (password protection, procedures
for opening e-mails, compliance with the IS Usage Charter included
in an annex to the internal rules).

When tools are developed and new businesses integrated, the
Information Systems department, in collaboration with the Group
Controlling department, sets up dedicated transition/project teams
to ramp up new systems while maintaining existing systems to
ensure a smooth and seamless transition.

@ The Group minimizes these changes as much as possible over the
same time period or geographic area. On average, in one year, less
than 20% of subsidiaries are affected by an upgrade or change in
management system.

Next, each management system roll-out is supported by specialized
service providers, enabling correct definition of needs and
configuration of the management tools, minimizing operational
risk when the tool is launched.

Lastly, the Group makes sure to employ extra resources internally
during the start-up phases to reduce the impact on local teams and
ensure the solid, stable launch of new solutions.


--- Page 39 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

MACROECONOMIC, GEOPOLITICAL AND REGULATORY RISKS.

Description of risk

Since the Group operates in nearly 150 countries, we are exposed
to various outside risks that are beyond our control. These outside
risks go beyond currency risk - the Group must deal with political,
economic or social instability, particularly in developing countries
where we achieve a significant portion of our sales.

This instability may adversely impact consumer confidence and thus
household consumption. If there is a proven and prolonged recession,
the Group's business could suffer from currency depreciation for the
local currency combined with an upsurge in inflation.

The Group also has to face geopolitical risks which could result in
economic sanctions between countries — embargoes or high taxes on
certain goods or commodities, which could include our products - or
they could result in open conflict. The Group may decide to pass ona
portion of these taxes onto the product's sale price, which risks losing
a competitive edge compared to competitors that may not be subject
to the tax, or we can keep prices the same and lose profit margin.

Lastly, regulatory and / or tax changes (corporate income tax, VAT,
withholdings, tax agreements, etc.) may impact the Group's operations
in the countries concerned.

Management of risk

@ The Group's international presence — both commercial and industrial —
helps to diversify risks, as they can be offset between countries
and geographical areas.

@ Arisk map is also drawn up each year by the Audit and Internal
Control department, in collaboration with the management teams of
the entities concerned, to assess changes in risks (political, social,
economic, etc.) for each country.

@ Constantly adapting to changes in the markets is an integral part
of the Group's know-how. When the Group was going through the
financial crisis, we knew we needed to adjust our structures and
prices quickly to reduce impacts from local currency depreciation as
quickly as possible and adjust our cost bases to a reduction in sales.

@ The Group’s powerful and versatile manufacturing base gives
the Group some flexibility in how to supply different markets and
potentially transfer the manufacturing base if necessary.

& Continual monitoring of activity in all the countries where the Group
operates means it can react quickly to circumstances that may arise.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 40 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

1.4.3 INDUSTRIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS

RISK OF BUSINESS INTERRUPTION.

Description of risk

Because of its size and product diversity, Groupe SEB manages an
increasingly complex procurement process that includes raw materials,
components and finished products.

It is subject to several factors that could have an impact on the Group’s
business continuity:

@ As a manufacturer, the Group manufactures 2/3 of the products
we sell in our own plants. Our ability to forecast sales and adjust
our production schedule, and our ability to correctly deliver our
contracts are therefore crucial.

Every year the Group purchases significant volumes of raw
materials, components, finished products, etc. Having an excessive
concentration of suppliers could lead to dependency with a high risk
to business continuity if there is ever a disruption (delivery delay,
business interruption, business relationship gone sour, bankruptcy,
major incident such as fire, etc.)

As the Group operates on a global scale, the supply chain in place
is increasingly complex. The way our plants, suppliers and markets
are spread out leads to a high dependence on certain logistics
routes (China to Europe, China to the United States, Europe to the
Middle East or the Americas, etc.). These routes could be disrupted,
especially if natural or geopolitical risks arise, significantly impacting
our operations.

@ The Group has to face natural risks (fires, floods, landslides) or
epidemics that can affect our plants, warehouses or a geographic
area where the Group operates and could affect industrial operations
at the site or in the area concerned.

The Group is exposed to industrial risks (accidents, pollution
emissions, fires), which may affect its 40 plants worldwide.

Management of risk

@ Planning and logistics are managed at the global level. The Group has
rolled out a group-wide and collaborative S&OP (Sales and Operating
Planning) process, from sales forecasting in market companies to
capacity planning, production and delivery to the customer.

@ The Group is particularly vigilant about diversifying risks and limiting
dependence in terms of component, raw material and finished
product supplies. Its priority is to ensure continuity of production
under optimum economic conditions, while conforming to ethical
principles, and to have alternatives at its disposal within a single
product family or for a specific technology.

@ With regard to logistics routes, there is no systematic alternative for
all shipments; however, the Group encourages alternative routes as
much as possible, such as river transportation.

@ Concerning the continuity of our industrial operations, each of the
Group's plants complies with international standards and uses
specific industrial processes, if necessary. All the Group's production
sites undergo an annual assessment of local risks and prevention
plans are put in place. Additionally, the Group has applied an active
approach to industrial risk prevention by conducting regular audits,
investing in maintenance and optimizing certain processes to limit
the probability of such risks occurring. The European, US and
Chinese sites are generally not, or only slightly, exposed to major
natural risks (hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, etc.), and the same
is true of the warehouses.

Moreover, the risk of a pandemic is included in our international
health plan “Health in SEB” and in each sites continuity plans.
Details of the “Health in SEB” plan are given in Chapter 3, page 159.
Information about the continuity plans and the management of the
Covid-19 pandemic is given in the specific section on Covid-19
risk on page 49.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 41 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

EMPLOYEE HEALTH AND SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT RISK ®

Description of risk

The health and safety of its employees are among Groupe SEB’s
foremost concerns. Nonetheless, the risk of work-related illnesses,
workplace accidents or physical injuries cannot be ruled out.

With nearly 33,000 employees spanning the globe, the risk of a
workplace accident will always be present and it concerns all categories
of employees (on site, in stores, at headquarters, etc.).

On the other hand, with 40 plants around the world, the Group is
exposed to industrial risks (fires, accidents, pollution emission), which
may affect the health of our employees and the environment.

As the Group operates in nearly 150 countries, we are also exposed
to safety and security risk for our employees: operations in at-risk
countries, frequent work travel in different areas where the Group
operates, abrupt geopolitical changes in certain areas involving physical
risks for local teams, etc.

We cannot totally rule out these events from occurring and it could
have an adverse impact on the Group's business and results, our
human resources as well as our image and reputation.

Management of risk

Permanent measures are in place to protect the health and safety of
employees. These are documented and training is delivered regularly,
including via e-learning.

The management policy for this risk is presented in the Extra-Financial
Performance Declaration in Chapter 3 “Corporate Social Responsibility”.

As a result of the Covid-19 crisis in 2020, exceptional health measures
were implemented at all of the Group's sites (plants, offices, warehouses,
stores, etc.). These measures are described in the specific section on
Covid-19 risk.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 42 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

PRODUCT QUALITY AND CONSUMER SAFETY RISK ®

Description of risk

The Group is particularly vigilant in matters of consumer safety and
pays the utmost attention to the safety and security of raw materials,
components and finished products. It may, however, have to accept
liability or witness its image, or that of its brands, being tarnished.
Instances of users being hurt when a product malfunctions or is used
inappropriately cannot be ruled out. The Group is, therefore, exposed
to risks of warranty or liability claims from customers and consumers.
Product recalls may prove necessary in some cases.

Meanwhile, regulations regarding food products and materials liable to
create a health risk are constantly changing (generally moving towards
a tightening of regulations) and are sometimes preceded by media
campaigns about the harmfulness of certain materials. Any of these
situations might generate a risk zone for the Group if one or more of
the materials concerned were used in the production of our products.

Management of risk

@ The Group's quality policy is fully incorporated into the design and
manufacture of all products: each stage of product design is part of
a standard quality process and is subject to successive approvals,
particularly with regard to the components used, the materials
implemented, and the suppliers selected.

In addition, the Group has implemented an internal and external
quality control protocol for the products it markets. We also endeavor
to include simple and accessible user information sheets with our
products to warn of potentially hazardous uses.

@ In the markets, the Group uses a network (usually outsourced) of
service centers, which manages product repair and follow-up. The
employees/technicians in these service centers receive regular
and comprehensive training from the Group to ensure they can
provide optimum support to consumers should one of its products
malfunction. The service centers are also authorized to handle
customer complaints, repairs under and outside warranty, and the
sale of spare parts and consumables, in order to provide the best
level of service to our consumers.

With regard to potential health risks, the Group has set up a regulatory
and technical watch process (on all media, including the internet). This
ensures that standards and restrictions in these areas (including the
update following the European Directive on Dangerous Substances
amongst other things) are rolled out to the R&D teams.

The measures implemented by the Group to ensure consumer health
and safety are set out in the Vigilance Plan in Chapter 3 “Corporate
Social Responsibility”.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 43 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

1.4.4 INSURANCE

GROUP GENERAL INSURANCE COVER
(EXCLUDING INSURANCE OF PERSONS)

Groupe SEB’s policy concerning insurance coverage (Fire, Accidents
and Miscellaneous Risks) is, on the one hand, to protect its assets
against risks that could affect the Group and, on the other, to cover its
liability for any damages caused to third parties. This transfer of risk to
insurance companies is nonetheless accompanied by risk protection
and prevention measures. For confidentiality reasons, the amount of
the premiums is not disclosed. Acquired companies are incorporated
into global insurance programs.

INTEGRATED WORLDWIDE COVERAGE

The Group has established worldwide insurance plans with major
international insurers to protect itself against major risks, which include
damage to property and loss of earnings, civil liability, environment,
transport and inventory, cybercrime and customer risks.

DAMAGE TO ASSETS AND LOSS OF EARNINGS

Coverage for risk of property damage and consequent loss of earnings
resulting from common risks (fire, flooding, etc.) amounts to €250 million
per claim for factories and warehouses, with an additional €150 million
for certain strategic sites.

This figure was calculated using the “Maximum Foreseeable Loss”
hypothesis in consultation with the insurer and its assessors, who
analyzed the impact of the total destruction of one of the Group’s main
production centers. Lower thresholds are in place for other types of
more specific or localized risk, such as the risk of earthquake in certain
regions where the Group operates abroad.

This policy takes into consideration additional risk protection measures
at Group sites, which are regularly visited by specialist risk prevention
assessors from the insurance companies concerned.

CIVIL LIABILITY

All the Group's subsidiaries are included in a worldwide civil liability
insurance plan that covers liability relating to their operations and the
products that they manufacture or distribute, as well as the cost of
product recalls.

The amounts of coverage are based on the quantification of the risks
to which the Group is exposed in view of its business.

The Group also covers its senior managers for civil liability under a
specific insurance policy.

ENVIRONMENT

A multi-risk environmental insurance policy covers environmental
risks on all Group sites.

Coverage applies to:

@ accidental, historical and gradual pollution;
m@ damage to biodiversity;

& pollution clean-up costs.

TRANSPORT AND INVENTORY

The Group’s transport insurance covers damage to transported
merchandise for all types of transport: sea, road/rail or air transport
anywhere in the world.

This insurance covers transport risks up to an amount of €10 million
per occurrence.

It also covers incidents occurring at warehouses up to a maximum
of €15 million, with any amount over this limit being covered by the
policy for damage to property and loss of earnings.

CYBER

Financial protection held by Groupe SEB against attacks on its IT
systems covers damage and liability for a total amount of €15 million.
This broad-scope insurance policy also covers attacks on personal data.

CUSTOMER RISK
With rare exceptions relating to local issues, the Group’s subsidiaries

hold credit risk insurance under a Group plan to cover the majority of
their risk on customer receivables.

LOCAL INSURANCE POLICIES

More specific insurance policies are taken out locally by each of the
Group's companies, as appropriate.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 44 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Highlights

4.1 Highlights

GENERAL ENVIRONMENT

The main feature of 2020 was the Covid-19 pandemic, which began
in Wuhan, China, before spreading further into Asia and then to the
rest of the world, with major outbreaks in Europe and the Americas.
Faced with this unprecedented and persistent health crisis, affecting all
sectors of the economy, most countries imposed restrictive measures
that varied in severity: lockdowns, curfews, mandatory remote working,
closure of public places, restaurants and non-food retail, etc. A massive
shift to online retail took place as a result, making it the big “winner”
of this crisis.

In this highly unusual climate, the imperative to stay at home - and to
prepare more meals - boosted sales of household equipment overall.
This was also the case for small electrical appliances and cookware,
which, despite being highly volatile, benefited from generally strong
demand, the majority of which was fulfilled by e-commerce.

In China, the first country affected by Covid-19, the epidemic peaked
in the first quarter of the year, resulting in some provinces, particularly
Hubei (Wuhan), imposing very strict lockdown measures. Despite some
resurgence of the epidemic in subsequent quarters, the country’s
health and economic situation improved, although there is still a
need for vigilance. As a result, retail sales followed this trend, falling
sharply in March (-15.8% compared to March 2019) before growing
on a linear basis at the end of the year (+4.3%, +5.0% and +4.6%
in October, November and December respectively), driven by online
sales in particular (double-digit growth since October).

CURRENCIES

It should be remembered that the US dollar and the Chinese yuan
are currencies for which the Group is “short,” i.e., the weight of its
purchases denominated in these currencies is greater than that of
its sales. In 2020, the dollar and yuan fell slightly against the euro,
by an average of around 2%. For the dollar in particular, this slight
depreciation actually conceals trends of a differing nature between
the first half of the year, which saw growth of around 2% on average
compared to 2019, and the second half, when it fell approximately
6.5% on average compared to 2019, in light of changes in the public
health and economic situations.

In addition, because of its presence in around 150 countries, the
Group is exposed to a large number of other currencies, all of them
“long” (in which the Group has sales greater than its costs). For these
currencies, movements were relatively mixed, with some of them

In Europe, the impact of Covid-19 was mainly felt in March and April,
resulting in national governments imposing various lockdown measures.
and the related closure of non-food retail. Although the second wave of
the epidemic also hit Europe hard from autumn onwards, the measures
adopted at the time differed across the European Union and were less
drastic in a number of countries. The results were mixed, however,
and the epidemic took hold again at the very end of the year. From
the point of view of household consumption, despite initial lockdown
measures resulting in a decline in retail sales in the European Union
of nearly 18% last April (compared to April 2019), they fell by only 2%
in November. Between these two phases of the epidemic, demand
was fairly steady.

In addition to a year that saw the election campaign and social tensions
(with the “Black Lives Matter” movement), the Covid-19 pandemic
increased exponentially in the United States. Faced with a lack of any
concerted response at the federal level, individual states introduced
local lockdown measures, which produced similar results as elsewhere
in the world. The decisions taken by numerous shopping centers and
stores to close temporarily increased the vulnerability of physical
brands already affected by the profound changes in the US retail sector.
The household aid measures introduced by the Trump administration
nevertheless helped to support domestic consumption.

Lastly, other emerging countries have also not escaped the crisis and
the public health situation has been and remains very worrying in Brazil,
Colombia and some Eurasian countries.

weakening (Argentine peso -50%, Brazilian real -34%, Turkish lira
-26%, Colombian peso -15%, Russian ruble -14%, Mexican peso
-14%, and Ukrainian hryvnia -7%) and others strengthening (Swiss
franc + 4%, Egyptian pound +4%).

In response to constant exchange rate volatility, for several years
the Group has hedged certain currencies to limit sudden effects on
its performance or to smooth out its impact over time. At the same
time, it implements an agile pricing policy, passing on higher prices
to compensate for the adverse effects of weakened currencies on
local profitability.

In 2020, exchange rate fluctuations had a total negative impact of
€219 million on the Group’s sales (compared with a positive impact
of €71 million in 2019) and -€109 million on the Operating Result from
Activity (-€5 million in 2019).

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 45 ---

RAW MATERIALS

The Group is exposed to fluctuations in the price of certain raw materials,
including metals such as aluminum, nickel (used in stainless steel)
and copper. It is also exposed to changes in the plastics used in
the manufacture of small electrical appliances, and the paper and
cardboard for packaging. These exposures are direct (for in-house
production), or indirect if the manufacturing of the product is outsourced
to subcontractors. In order to spread over time the effects of sometimes.
abrupt fluctuations in metal prices, the Group partially hedges its
requirements (aluminium, nickel, copper and some plastic material
related ingredients) which protects it in the event of a sharp rise in
prices, but which results in some inertia in the event of decline.

As with currencies, fluctuations in the price of raw materials were
directly linked to the global epidemic. Having experienced a sharp

Commentary on the financial year
Highlights

overall decline in the first quarter of the year, the prices of the main raw
materials (including aluminum, copper and nickel) then rose strongly,
due in particular to the industrial recovery in China and an upturn
in global consumption. Consequently, after bottoming out in March
and April 2020, aluminum, nickel and copper surged by around 44%,
62% and 72% respectively, reaching highs for the year in December.

In shipping, freight costs increased considerably in 2020 after remaining
relatively stable in 2019. Prices soared at the end of the year, reaching
all-time highs due to the economic recovery in China and a shortage
in the supply of shipping services, particularly to Europe. The SCFI*
index, a composite index in which each route is allocated a weighting,
rose by an average of around 55% between 2019 and 2020.

CHANGES IN THE COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Annual General Meeting of SEB S.A. of 19 May 2020 voted in favor
of the:

@ reappointment of Thierry de La Tour d’Artaise as a director;

@ reappointment of Fonds Stratégique de Participations (FSP)
as a director;

@ reappointment of VENELLE INVESTISSEMENT as a director;

& reappointment of Jéréme Lescure as a director.

FACING COVID-19 TOGETHER

Faced with the Covid-19 crisis, the Group’s priority objectives were
to protect employees and comply with local regulations, and this
remains the case.

This led to the implementation of continuity plans and plans for remote
working wherever possible, temporary closure of the vast majority
of industrial sites, and reorganization and adaptation of our supply
chain, so as to provide the best possible service to customers while
safeguarding the health of our employees.

In this unprecedented critical situation, Groupe SEB quickly developed
a strong spirit of solidarity. All over the world, the Group got to work,
harnessing its industrial know-how or taking part in public initiatives:
donating masks and products and contributing to the Makair initiative
to manufacture low-cost ventilators...

* Shanghai Export Containerized Freight Index

As a result, the Board of Directors has 17 members (unchanged from
31 December 2019):

@ the Chairman;
®@ 8 directors representing the Founder Group:
= 4 directors from VENELLE INVESTISSEMENT,
= 2 directors from GENERACTION,
= 2 directors from FEDERACTIVE;
@ 5 independent directors;
@ 1 director representing employee shareholders; and

® 2 directors representing employees.

In the DACH region (Germany, Austria, Switzerland) and Poland, a
large number of products were also donated in support of healthcare
personnel.

Internally, the Group implemented an unprecedented set of HR measures
to support its staff, offsetting the impact of partial operations for those
employees most affected.

In addition to managing the emergency phase of the crisis, the Group
devoted its energies to preparing for and committing to resuming work
in optimum health and safety conditions, both on industrial sites and
in warehouses, offices and stores. Assembly lines in particular have
been reorganized to ensure the necessary distance is in place between
workstations and our employees are equipped with masks and gloves.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 46 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Highlights

PARTNERSHIP FOR THE PRODUCTION OF THE ANGELL

ELECTRICALLY ASSISTED BIKE

As part of an industrial and shareholding agreement, Groupe SEB
has become the exclusive industrial partner for the production of the
Angell electrically assisted bike. The Group has been responsible
for the industrial development and production of Angell smart bikes
at its long-standing |s-sur-Tille plant in Céte d’Or, France. Groupe
SEB is also supporting the project by acquiring a stake in Zebra, the
company that produces and markets Angell, through its SEB Alliance
investment vehicle.

Angell is a next-generation electrically assisted bike created by French
designer Ora-ito and launched by Marc Simoncini. In a fast-growing

market, Angell’s stand-out features are its clean, minimalist styling,
making it one of the lightest on the market (at just 13.9 kilos), and its
innovations in connectivity and safety. It comes with a broad range
of integrated services that make journeys easier and cycling safer. It
notably features a “smart cockpit” that displays useful information such
as weather conditions, pollution levels, battery charge, riding modes,
assistance programs, speed and even a GPS. Angell’s innovative
safety system also sets it apart, with vibrating navigation assistance
on the handlebars, a fall alert, an anti-theft alarm, etc.

REPAIRABILITY: LAUNCHING THE FIRST EVER ALL-INCLUSIVE REPAIR PACKAGES

As the first player in the Small Domestic Equipment market to commit
to a 10-year product repairability policy, Groupe SEB is once again
leading the way with the launch of the first fixed-price repair packages
for its Rowenta, Moulinex, Seb, Calor, Krups and Tefal brands.

This is the first time that a manufacturer has guaranteed a repair service
for its products, at a cost that is much lower than that of product
replacement. It is also the first truly “all-inclusive” package. This new
offering was launched in France and will soon be introduced in Europe.

SALE OF NON-STRATEGIC BUSINESSES

In the first half of 2020, the Group sold two of its non-strategic businesses:

= EMSA GmbH, a Groupe SEB subsidiary based in Emsdetten,
Germany and specialized in the design, manufacture and distribution
of kitchen utensils and accessories, concluded an agreement with
Poétic S.A.S., the French market leader for garden planters, for the
sale of its Garden business;

Groupe SEB has made repairability one of the pillars of its sustainable
development policy, which strives to prolong product life cycles,
maintaining them as opposed to discarding them.

The new repair packages are offered at a price that is much lower than
the product replacement cost and are generally available at between
20% to 40% of the price of an equivalent new product. A single flat
rate is charged, regardless of the type of defect or the parts required
to repair it.

@ Boehringer, which specializes in the marketing of hotel equipment and

was acquired alongside WMF in 2016, was sold to the Certina group.
These transactions reflect the Group's strategy to review its business
portfolio when necessary and to focus on its core business, thereby
enhancing performance.

The Group will continue developing the kitchenware activities of EMSA,
arenowned expert in food storage containers, insulated jugs and flasks.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 47 ---

INVESTMENT IN CASTALIE

SEB Alliance, Groupe SEB's corporate venture arm, announced it had
taken a minority stake in Castalie, alongside the Amundi F&S, RAISE
Impact and Ring Capital funds, contributing to total funding of €13.5 million.

Castalie designs and markets micro-filtered water fountains for companies
and restaurants. The company offers its customers an end-to-end service
(water fountains, containers, accessories and maintenance) enabling
them to produce micro-filtered water in-house from their own tap water.

MAJORITY STAKE IN STOREBOUND

On 31 July 2020, Groupe SEB announced that it had completed the
acquisition of a majority stake in StoreBound, owner of the DASH
kitchenware brand.

Founded in 2010, StoreBound is a New York company specialized
in developing kitchenware designed for better everyday living. Its
omni-channel distribution model combines bricks-and-mortar retail,

FINANCING

BOND ISSUE

As part of an active liquidity management policy, on 9 June 2020 Groupe
SEB successfully issued a five-year €500 million bond (maturing 16
June 2025), with a coupon of 1.375%.

The transaction was largely over-subscribed, with a very strong order
book of more than €1,600 million, once again demonstrating investors’
confidence in Groupe SEB’s strategy and outlook.

This new issue will enable Groupe SEB to consolidate its debt structure
through:

& ongoing refinancing securitization of part of its debt;
@ extending the average maturity of its debt;
§ attractive financing conditions.

The bond was admitted to trading on Euronext Paris on 16 June 2020.
Lead managers for the issue are BNP Paribas, Crédit Agricole CIB,
Citi, HSBC and Natixis, with BNP Paribas, Crédit Agricole CIB and
Citi acting as global coordinators.

It should be noted that Groupe SEB's short-term debt is rated A2 by
Standard & Poor's. Its long-term debt is unrated.

Commentary on the financial year
Highlights

Bottled on the consumer's premises in reusable containers (flasks,
bottles, glasses, etc.), this filtered water is a sustainable and responsible
alternative to mineral water in plastic bottles, preventing plastic waste.

In the current climate of ecological transition, Groupe SEB’s investment
in Castalie confirms its commitment to the circular economy and shows.
the Group is fully in step with changing consumer habits, targeting
both private and professional customers.

e-commerce and social media, enabling it to launch more than 200
products in North and South America, Europe and Asia.

The company achieved sales in excess of $120 million in 2020 and is
therefore on the list of fastest-growing businesses in the United States.

This acquisition will generate a number of synergies; StoreBound will
strengthen the Group’s presence in the US consumer market and
benefit from the Group's global distribution network.

SYNDICATED LOAN EXTENSION

On 29 June 2020, Groupe SEB extended the maturity of its syndicated
loan by 1 year, with an option to extend it for a further 6 months. This
€960 million credit facility, concluded with a pool of eight banks,
therefore now matures on 31 July 2022.

COVERAGE OF FREE SHARE AWARD PLANS

As part of its share buyback program, approved by the Combined Annual
General Meeting of 19 May 2020, SEB S.A. entered into transactions
for 70,000 treasury share options. These transactions were conducted
to partially cover the free share award plan for employees, subject to
performance conditions, maturing in 2023, that was approved by the
20" Resolution of that Meeting.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 48 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Highlights

AWARDS FOR GROUPE SEB

WMF IN THE SPOTLIGHT IN 2020

Following the survey conducted in Germany by the Gfk Institute
(Gesellschaft fiir Konsumforschung), WMF finished in first place in the
“Best Product Brand” category, ahead of some major consumer brands.
The Best Brand Awards 2020 (awarded in Germany) are based on an
in-depth representative survey that assesses brand recognition against
two criteria: the brand's commercial success (“market component”)
and its attractiveness to consumers (“emotional component”). The
winners are not selected by a panel but by consumers themselves,
more than 14,000 of whom voted. It was the fifth consecutive year
that WMF was named one of the 10 best brands in Germany, but the
first time it has won first prize. This prestigious award reflects the
recognition of a high-quality, sustainable and coherent brand strategy
that is deeply rooted in the day-to-day life of consumers in Germany.

On the product side, WMF also won several awards that recognized the
brand's design: Red Dot Product Design Award 2020, in the “Winner
Best of the Best” category for its Kineo cutlery; IF Design Award for
its Compact Cuisine range, Waterkant flasks and bottles as well as
ovenware and insulated jugs.

Lastly, on the corporate citizenship front, WMF renewed the funding
for the “Sustainable Product Management” chair at the University of
Applied Sciences in Niirtigen-Geislingen (NGU) for a further three years.
As aresult, WMF was awarded the “Innovative through Research” label.
The Group’s commitment to sustainability also involves collaboration
with higher education and research.

CSR COMMITMENT: GROUPE SEB MAINTAINS
ITS TOP RANKING

The non-financial rating agency Vigeo-Eiris once again ranked Groupe
SEB number one in the “Technology and Hardware” sector out of a
selection of 40 European companies.

Groupe SEB’s performance is well above average for its sector in the
three SRI areas evaluated, and the Group was singled out in two areas:
the environment, with its low carbon commitments and its eco-design
approach for its products, as well as the human resources policy,
with priority being given to building solid foundations for the social
standards applicable worldwide.

RECOGNITION OF THE NON-FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE OF GROUPE SEB

Gaia Rating, EthiFinance’s ESG (environment, social, governance)
rating agency, rates companies in four areas of socially responsible
investment: governance, social policy, the environment and stakeholder
relations. Increasing its overall score by 11 points in just three years,
the Group achieved a score of 84/100 in 2020, making it one of the
best-performing companies evaluated by Gaia Rating for responsible
and sustainable practices.

GROUPE SEB RANKED ONE OF THE BEST
WORKPLACES IN EUROPE

According to the rankings issued by Great Place To Work®, an authority
in the field, Groupe SEB is one of the 25 best workplaces in Europe.
Through its certification programs, Great Place To Work® recognizes
outstanding workplaces and produces a variety of Best Workplace
rankings in more than 60 countries.

REPARESEB, WINNER OF THE ESS TROPHY

RépareSeb is an employment joint venture launched in partnership
with the Ares Group (Association pour la Réinsertion Economique et
Sociale), the leading player in integration through economic activity
in the greater Paris region.

This innovative solidarity and ecological project, located at Porte
de La Chapelle in Paris, opened its doors in December 2020. It will
offer various services: repair of small electrical appliances; rental of
appliances; refurbishment of products for resale, as “second hand”, at
fair prices; an incubator for start-ups in the circular economy; raising
public awareness of responsible consumer practices. Once it is up
and running, the hub aims to help around 30 people per year to find
employment.

This project was named the winner of the 11" edition of the Parisian
Trophies for the Social and Solidarity Economy (ESS) awarded by the
City of Paris, selected by the panel for its dual social and environmental
objective.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 49 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

4.2 Commentary on consolidated sales

DETAIL OF REVENUE BY REGION - FULL YEAR 2020

Change 2020/2019 Change T4 2020/2019
Revenue
(in € million) 2019 As reported Like-for-like* Publié Like-for-like*
EMEA 3,339 3,307 -1.0% +1.5% +2.6% +7.0%
Western Europe 2,442 2,406 -1.5% -1.5% +2.3% +2.5%
Other countries 897 901 _ +0.4% +9.6% _ +3.3% +19.7%
AMERICAS 915 876 4.2% 0.2% +2.7% +6.3%
North America 589 622 +5.7% -0.3% +8.6% -0.8%
South America 326 254 -22.1% +0.1% -9.1% +20.4%
ASIA 2,301 2,182 5.2% 3.4% +2.4% +4.5%
China 1,762 1,626 — 7.7% -6.1% _ +1.8% +3.1%
Other countries 539 556 +3.2% +5.2% +4.2% +8.3%
TOTAL CONSUMER 6,555 6,365 =2.9% -0.5% #2.5% 46.2%
Professional business 799 575 -28.0% -30.7% -30.0% -28.5%
GROUPE SEB S54 86% 88% 0.5% 88%
*  Like-for-like: at constant exchange Rounded figures in € millions. % calculated on non-rounded figures.
rates and scope.
DETAIL OF REVENUE BY REGION - FOURTH QUARTER
Change 2020/2019
Revenue
(in € million) Q4 2019 Q4 2020 As reported Like-for-like*
EMEA 1,159 1,189 +2.6% +7.0%
Western Europe 856 876 +2.3% +2.5%
Other countries 303 313 +3.3% +19.7%
AMERICAS 285 292 +2.7% +6.3%
North America 190 206 +8.6% -0.8%
South America 95 86 -9.1% +20.4%
ASIA 586 600 +2.4% +4.5%
China 423 430 +1.8% +3.1%
Other countries 163 170 +4.2% +8.3%
TOTAL CONSUMER 2,030 2,081 #2.5% 46.2%
Professional Business 210 147 -30.0% -28.5%
GROUPE SEB 2,240 2,228 -0.5% 42.9%

*  Like-forslike: at constant exchange rates and scope.

Rounded figures in € millions.

% calculated on non-rounded figures.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 [ex]


--- Page 50 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

In the difficult and uncertain environment caused by the COVID-19
crisis, Groupe SEB posted full-year 2020 turnover of €6,940m, down
5.6% including a limited organic decrease of 3.8%, a currency effect
of -€219m (-3.0%) and a scope effect (mainly StoreBound, acquired
in July 2020) of +€81m (+1.2%).

The resilience of annual sales stems from the Consumer business,
which ended the year practically stable on a like-for-like basis (-0.5%).

Professional revenue fell 30.7% LFL in 2020, impacted by extremely
low business activity in the hospitality and catering sectors from the
second quarter onwards. This situation led our customers to suspend,
postpone or reduce their investments in equipment (coffee machines)
and significantly limited maintenance interventions.

DEVELOPMENT IN SALES 2019-2020

In€M
7,354
gue
481 6,940
-219
Or Ct
growth eect’ «STP
-5.6%
2019 2020

LIKE-FOR-LIKE* SALES GROWTH (% VS. 2019)

78%

12.6%

-10.6%

-20

-27.6%
-30

-40
Weight H1 42%

in annual
sales

i Consumer Mi Professional

* Like-for-like: at constant exchange rates and scope.

The rebound in the second half (+7.8% LFL) having largely made up
for the decline at end-June (-10.6% LFL). Indeed, the positive trend
in household consumption, particularly in products for the home, and

H2 58%

3.6%

-0.5%

-3.8%

30.7%

-33.8%

FY 100%

Total Group

a sharp ramp-up in online sales as of the initial lockdowns, offset in
part the substantial contraction in in-store sales (mandatory closures
and/or decreased footfall).

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 51 ---

PRODUCT SALES PERFORMANCE

In the context of the global health crisis, the Group's business was
impacted by highly volatile demand from month to month. Nevertheless,
after a difficult first half-year, which saw a decline of 10.6% ona
like-for-like basis, the recovery over the second half of the year was

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

significant and the Group achieved consumer sales of €6,365 million
over the 12-month period, a modest decrease of 0.5% on a like-for-
like basis for 2020.

Activity varied between product lines, however.

ANNUAL CONSUMER SALES : €6,365M, -0.5% LFL*

2020
15% LFL
sales growth
10%
5%
Cookware Home
care
0% Beverage e@
5% - S
Linen
care
LKA**

10%

-15%

* Like-for-like: at constant exchange rates and scope.
“* Large Kitchen Appliances

COOKWARE

Accounting for around 35% of consumer sales, Cookware covers a
broad range of products, from pressure cookers to insulated mugs,
including frying pans and saucepans — made from a range of materials,
coated and non-coated, with fixed or detachable handles - woks, food
storage containers, kitchen utensils, and bakeware.

Annual sales were down for 2020, with the improvement in the second
half-year and the increase in online sales for cookware unable to offset
the very significant lag that had built up to 30 June; this was more
specifically the result of massive stock outages caused by the prolonged
production shutdown at the plant in Wuhan, China, and the closure
of the majority of non-food retail for several weeks in many countries.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 [215]

Food
preparation

Home
comfort

Electrical
cooking

Personal
care

The recovery in performance from May reflects both a better performance
in our core business (due, in some instances, to government consumer
subsidies) and the very positive effect of a major loyalty program with
a key retailer in France.

The best sellers of the year were aluminum-coated or stainless steel
frying pans and saucepans, which accounted for approximately 60%
of the category's sales. Conversely, some iconic Chinese products
did not catch up over the year, and business was sluggish in kitchen
utensils, particularly in insulated mugs, on-the-go products that were
not very popular in 2020.


--- Page 52 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

ELECTRICAL COOKING APPLIANCES

After a difficult first quarter, electrical cooking appliances performed
well over the year, with the recovery in consumer spending that began
in the second quarter accelerating in the second half-year. It should be
noted that as the use of e-commerce for small electrical appliances is
more extensive than for cookware, when offline retail was unavailable,
the shift to online sales was more natural and more significant.

Electrical cooking was the in-demand category for cooking at home
during the period of lockdown and restaurant closures; sales at the
end of the first half-year were stable, with growth in the second quarter
almost entirely offsetting the drop experienced in the first three months.
The second six-month period was particularly dynamic, accelerating
towards the end of the year and achieving growth of around 15%
on a like-for-like basis compared to 2019. Of our flagship products,
grills deserve particular mention in a number of geographical areas,
as do multi-cookers in China and/or Asia (particularly Cook4me, the
international version of the Cookeo, in Japan), oil-less fryers (on all
continents), and, in Europe, informal meal appliances, sandwich makers
and appliances riding the “home-made” trend (the Cake Factory cake
maker, yogurt makers, etc.).

Having been hit hard at the start of the year, food preparation returned
to growth in the second quarter, led by blenders in China, which
accounted for half of the category's global sales. This solid momentum
was confirmed in the second half-year, fueled by all product families,
although blenders remained the main driver of growth. Up by nearly
10% on a like-for-like basis, food preparation was the product family
with the strongest growth over the year.

Sales in beverage preparation dropped back slightly over the year, with
major disparities between product families: while coffee benefited from
a buoyant environment, both for capsule machines (Nespresso, Dolce
Gusto) and automatic espresso machines, sales of kettles contracted
slightly and those of beer-taps were down sharply, compared with high
sales volumes in 2019.

HOME CARE, LINEN CARE AND PERSONAL CARE

Annual sales in linen care fell, in a global ironing market in decline as
a result of both structural trends and lockdowns. After a stable first
quarter compared to 2019 (expansion in retail distribution of Rowenta
irons and garment steamers in the United States), sales fell from
the second quarter onwards, with the increase in remote working.

However, the Group continued to outperform the market, with very
strong performances in Russia and Germany in particular.

Compared with the exacting standard set by 2019, sales in home
care were down sharply in the first half-year. The second half saw
a return to growth, however, with a particularly strong fourth quarter
showing a double-digit increase on a like-for-like basis, driven by the
EMEA region and by Russia in particular. This turnaround meant the
year ended with sales almost stable on a like-for-like basis. The drivers
behind this momentum were versatile vacuum cleaners and the new
robot vacuum models.

Despite a difficult first half, home comfort posted growth of around
6% for the year. Fans, accounting for 80% of the category, performed
very well over the last two quarters, benefiting from catch-up purchases.
and favorable weather conditions.

Sales in personal care fell slightly over the year thanks to a significant
upturn in the third quarter. The Steampod professional hair straightener,
designed in partnership with L’Oréal, was a particular success.

PROFESSIONAL BUSINESS

After an excellent year in 2019, boosted by the delivery of major
contracts in Professional Coffee - particularly with customers in North
America - the 2020 financial year promised to be challenging, given
this especially demanding basis for comparison. The emergence and
persistence of the Covid-19 epidemic, with the public health and
economic crisis that followed, had dramatic consequences for the
hospitality and catering sector, which was directly affected by the
restrictive measures adopted in the vast majority of countries. These
closures lasted for almost half of 2020 and had a considerable impact
on equipment sales (with capital expenditure on coffee machines
suspended, postponed or reduced) and significantly limited our service
and maintenance business.

The combination of the high basis for comparison from 2019 and the
crisis means that sales for the Group's professional division fell by around
30% over the year, reflecting a business area that was seriously affected
for nine months. However, in a sector that is currently “disaster-stricken”,
the diversity of our customer base and the international footprint of
WMF and Schaerer have helped to mitigate the impact on core business
(excluding deals) to some extent. Sales activity has continued despite
this extremely difficult climate, to make the most of any opportunities
for future development and thus build up the contract pipeline. As a
small-scale area of activity within the Professional business division,
hotel equipment was also hit hard by the crisis.

COMMENTS ON CONSUMER SALES BY REGION

Revenue (in €m)

EMEA 3,339 3,307
Western Europe 2,442 2,406
Other countries 897 901

Like-for-like: at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation.

Change 2020/2019 Q4 Change 2020/2019
As reported Like-for-like* As reported Like-for-like*
-1.0% +1.5% +2.6% +7.0%
-1.5% -1.5% +2.3% 42.5%
+0.4% +9.6% +3.3% +19.7%

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 53 ---

WESTERN EUROPE

After a solid third quarter, business activity continued to trend positively
in the last three months of the year (+2.5% LFL). The slowdown in
momentum resulted primarily from loyalty programs, which were more
substantial in 2019. December in particular was brisker than expected.

Growth in the fourth quarter was fueled by almost all the markets,
despite the retightening of health measures at the end of the period in
some countries. It continued to be driven largely by e-commerce and
was boosted by increased growth drivers, as announced.

In France, fourth quarter sales, up slightly, continued to benefit from
robust demand for cooking categories and vacuum cleaners, the roll-
out of new products such as Cookeo Touch and Companion Touch,

OTHER EMEA COUNTRIES

With organic sales growth of nearly 20%, the Group confirmed its
excellent third-quarter performance in the last three months of the
financial year. After a slight decline in sales in the first half owing to
the emergence of Covid-19, catch-up in the second half of the year
proved remarkable, despite continued complications in the overall
environment. The performance led to a 9.6% LFL increase in turnover
for the year as a whole.

However, the performance in euros, both for the quarter and the year,
was negatively impacted by the continued and sometimes considerable
depreciations of some currencies, including the Russian ruble, the
Turkish lira and the Ukrainian hryvnia. These depreciations were offset
in part by price increases.

Revenue (in €m) 2019

AMERICAS 915 876
North America 589 622
South America 326 254

Like-for-like: at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation.

NORTH AMERICA

After a vigorous third quarter, organic momentum lost steam at the
end of the year. Business trends differed between countries in the
fourth quarter. In addition, the unfavorable currency effect across
the region has accentuated month after month since summer. The
increase in reported sales is thus to be attributed to the integration of
StoreBound, acquired in July.

In the United States, while sales decreased slightly on a like-for-like
basis in the fourth quarter, organic growth for the year was solid,
coming out at nearly 6%. With the crisis persisting, the retail sector
continued to transform, with a substantial acceleration in the growth
of traditional retailers’ online sales. Demand has also clearly been
bolstered by the consumption incentive program introduced by the
US government in April 2020. Consequently, momentum in cookware

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 (z15]

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

and the buoyancy of e-commerce. However, sales were negatively
impacted by the closure of our proprietary stores during the new
lockdown period in October and November.

In the other countries, apart from Belgium, owing to strong 2019
comparatives, and the UK, business was sustained, overall. This was
the case in Northern Europe, Portugal and the Netherlands, which
were less affected by containment measures as well as Germany,
Spain - thanks notably to solid performances by WMF products and
an acceleration of online sales - and Italy.

The key growth drivers were kitchen electrics (electrical cooking, coffee
makers and food preparation) and vacuum cleaners (notably robots).

Our major markets (Russia, Poland, Ukraine, Romania, Turkey, etc.)
and ongoing development of the core business in Central Asia were
the main catalysts behind this business momentum, fueled largely by
e-commerce (click & mortar and pure players) and the implementation
of our direct-to-consumer activities. However, performances were
softer in the Middle East and Egypt.

In terms of products, the strong sales dynamic across the region
was driven in particular by the confirmed success of our best sellers
(vacuum cleaners, Optigrill, Ingenio cookware, etc.).

Despite the difficult conditions, 2020 thus marked a new step forward
in our development in Eurasia.

Change 2020/2019 Q4 Change 2020/2019
As reported Like-for-like* As reported Like-for-like*
4.2% -0.2% +2.7% +6.3%
+5.7% -0.3% +8.6% -0.8%
-22.1% +0.1% -9.1% +20.4%

was highly positive under our three emblematic brands in the United
States, T-fal, All-Clad and Imusa, with annual sales up double digit on
an organic basis, in line with market performance. In contrast, linen
care struggled throughout the year as the market contracted.

At the same time, following a very good fourth quarter marked by sales
up nearly 60% in dollars, StoreBound had an excellent 2020, with growth
of more than 50%. This was mainly driven by iconic products (small
kitchen electrics appliances) and new products from the Dash brand.
Acquired in July, StoreBound has been consolidated over 5 months.

Canada and Mexico enjoyed a positive fourth quarter, with buoyant
core business, notably in electrical cooking in the former and the
contribution of a new loyalty program in the latter.


--- Page 54 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

SOUTH AMERICA

Amid a general deterioration in the backdrop, resulting from the health
crisis as well as significant currencies depreciation, the Group reported
satisfactory performances in South America in 2020. After a very difficult
first half (with sales down 27.3% LFL), the situation turned around in
the second half (+17.8% LFL, with a linear trend in the third and fourth
quarters). Despite price increases, the weakening of South American
currencies weighed heavily on sales in euros.

In Brazil, the recovery initiated in the third quarter continued in the
fourth, enabling the Group to post organic turnover stability for the
year as a whole. Fourth-quarter growth, at around +23% LFL, was

Revenue (in €m) 2019

ASIA 2,301 2,182
China 1,762 1,626
Other countries 539 556

Like-for-like: at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation.

CHINA

The market environment fluctuated throughout the year in China, with
a strong contrast between the momentum in online distribution and
the lasting negative trend for offline channels. The start of the year was
severely impacted by Covid-19, but Supor returned to organic growth
as early as the second quarter. These three positive quarters allowed
to largely offset the sharp contraction in sales reported on March 31.

In addition, with Chinese New Year to fall on February 12, 2021, early
sell-in in fourth-quarter 2020 was considerably limited, in contrast
with sell-in in late 2019.

In cookware, Supor's business was significantly undermined by the
extended closure of the Wuhan industrial plant and sales have been
sharply down on a full-year basis. However, the recovery initiated in
the third quarter was confirmed and heightened in the fourth, fueled
by most product families (woks, pressure cookers, frying pans, thermal
mugs, etc.) and driven by a notable increase in e-commerce sales.

OTHER ASIAN COUNTRIES

In Asia excluding China, after the positive trend reversal in the third
quarter, Group turnover continued to be fueled by solid organic
momentum in the fourth quarter (+8.3% LFL), despite resuming
pandemic-related issues in several countries in December. Almost
all the markets contributed to revenue growth, both quarterly and
annually, which was underpinned as elsewhere by a strong acceleration
in online sales.

In Japan, our largest market in the region, the Group posted excellent
performances in the fourth quarter in a firm market. The dynamic
reflected the confirmed success of our flagship products or categories,
such as Ingenio cookware and electrical pressure cookers, as well as
robust business, both offline -including in our retail network- and online,
boosted by major advertising and marketing campaigns.

driven by weather conditions favorable to fan sales and a strong
“cooking market” that benefited electrical cooking, food preparation
and cookware.

Overall, the large majority of retail channels contributed to the sales
dynamism, particularly e-commerce, which has been ramping up at
an ever-brisker pace.

In Colombia, business activity in pesos in the second half (and fourth
quarter) increased by over 20% on strong demand for cooking products
and the swift development of online sales.

Change 2020/2019 Q4 Change 2020/2019
As reported Like-for-like* As reported Like-for-like*
5.2% 3.4% +2.4% 44.5%
-7.7% 6.1% +1.8% +3.1%
43.2% +5.2% 44.2% +8.3%

Small electrical appliance turnover grew slightly in the fourth quarter,
with contrasting performances across product categories. As in the
third quarter, high-speed blenders remained the best-sellers in kitchen
electrics, and the progress achieved by Supor have reinforced its
number-two ranking in this buoyant segment. Sales growth was also
driven by further inroads by the WMF brand in premium products
and the introduction of more “Western” categories such as oil-less
fryers and ovens.

In the very special context of 2020, stepping up digital activation and
targeting of millennials has been at the heart of Supor’s priorities.

In South Korea, following a vigorous third quarter, year-end activity
was more modest, impacted in particular by a decline in store footfall
owing to the resurgence of Covid-19 epidemic and by the impact on
volumes of price increases implemented in early October. However,
the extension of the product offering (new categories, new product
launches) and the additional listings earned in e-commerce and with
specialized retailers were major business drivers in 2020.

In almost all the other countries, growth was confirmed, and even
accelerated, in the fourth quarter. Australia posted record sales in
2020, mainly thanks to expanded distribution. In Thailand, Malaysia,
Hong Kong, Singapore and Vietnam, the Group achieved double-digit
organic growth in the fourth quarter.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 55 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated results

4.3 Commentary on consolidated results

INCOME STATEMENT

OPERATING RESULT FROM ACTIVITY (ORFA)

The Group posted Operating Result from Activity (ORfA) of €605m in
2020. Though down 18.2% from 2019, ORfA was better than expected
thanks to stronger than anticipated sales in the fourth quarter. Negatively
impacted by currency effects (-€109m versus -€5m in 2019), ORfA
included a scope effect of €9m, owing primarily to the consolidation
of StoreBound.

As such, 2020 ORfA at constant exchange rates and scope stands at
€705m, down 4.8%, with the following components:

@ a volume effect of -€126m owing to the contraction in business
activity, particularly Professional;

@ a price-mix effect of +€60m, reflecting an overall less promotional
Small Domestic Equipment market, continued upgrading of offer
in numerous countries, and price increases made to offset the
depreciation of some currencies;

@ a €9m decrease in the cost of sales, purchasing and productivity
gains having exceeded the industrial under-absorption in the first
half and inflation;

§ practically stable investments (-€1m) in growth drivers (innovation,
operational marketing and advertising), maintained at around 10%
of turnover with strong catch-up at the end of the year;

@ a €23m decrease in sales, marketing and administrative expenses,
stemming from both the aid received in some countries in respect
of short-time work (notably France and Germany) and a reduction
in costs.

BALANCE SHEET

At December 31, 2020, consolidated equity totaled €2,735m, up
€107m on end-2019.

At December 31, 2020, net debt amounted to €1,518m (of which €339m.
in IFRS 16 debt), versus €1,997m a year earlier, showing a decrease
of €479m. The substantial reduction in debt mainly stemmed from a
considerable improvement in the working capital requirement (WCR),
which totaled €848m, down €367m on 2019 and representing 12.2%
of sales. In addition to the continued structural optimization efforts led
for more than 10 years, this new and significant drop in the WCR also
resulted from cyclical favorable seasonality effects in 2020, including:

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 (z17]

Amid the exceptional circumstances of 2020, the Group generated
over 80% of its Operating Result from Activity in the second half,
against a backdrop of worsened exchange rates. This performance
can be attributed to the recovery in the Consumer business and the
remarkable mobilization of all the teams.

OPERATING PROFIT AND NET PROFIT

Groupe SEB reported Operating profit of €503m in 2020, versus €621m
in 2019. The total includes a non-discretionary and discretionary
employee profit-sharing expense of €24m, compared with €35m in
2019, the decrease reflecting the downturn in the results of French
entities. It also comprises other operating income and expense of
-€78m (-€82m in 2019). Two-thirds of these expenses resulted from
the finalization of the restructuring of WMF’s Consumer business, as
well as from a reorganization of the Professional business, strongly
impacted by the drop of activity in the hospitality and catering sectors.
The remainder of these expenses came from several items relating to
structure resizing, acquisition/disposal costs or write-downs of assets.

Financial result came out at -€61m, the same as in 2019. It notably
comprised an external debt cost of €40m (close to that in 2019),
including an IFRS 16-related expense of €12.5m.

In these conditions, profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted
to €301m, compared with €380m in 2019. This comes after a tax charge
of €94m, representing an effective tax rate of 21.2% in 2020 (23.5%
in 2019) and non-controlling interests of €48m, practically similar to
the amount of 2019, the slight decrease in Supor results being offset
by the inclusion of the minority interests of StoreBound.

@ strong collections of customer receivables at the end of the year;

@ delayed purchases of some products and services (for example,
investments in growth drivers);

@§ the positive impact of the downturn in Professional business on
the Customers item.

This very low WCR/sales level thus stands as an exception and should
not be extrapolated for 2021.

At December 31, 2020, the Group’s net debt/consolidated equity
ratio was 56% (compared with 76% at end-2019) and 43% excluding
IFRS 16. The net debt/Adjusted EBITDA ratio came out at 1.8x, and
1.6x excluding the IFRS 16 effect.


--- Page 56 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on SEB S.A.'s results

CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

Capital expenditures amounted to €183 million, compared with
€266 million in 2019; they are, as announced, decreasing as compared
to previous years, representing approximately 2.6% of sales. This
decrease is to be read in conjuction with the health crisis context
which has slowed down many projects.

Investments in 2020 mainly concern projects in China: construction
of a production site for the LKA” activity and for WMF, acquisition
of large-scale tools for new products in the field of small domestic
equipment ; as well as, as in previous years, investments in production
capacity equipment.

The French sites of Rumilly, Pont Evéque and Mayenne have also
benefited from investments for the development of new products:
renewal of the Ingenio cookware range or Krups new automatic
espresso machines. There too, investments in tools and capacities
were maintained.

This is in addition to expenditures on production related computer
software, capitalized development costs and redevelopment of the
Group's own stores.

4.4 Commentary on SEB S.A.'s results

PRESENTATION OF SEB S.A.’S RESULTS

SEB S.A., the parent company of Groupe SEB, is a holding company. It
therefore defines and implements the Group's development strategy. It
holds financial interests that give it direct and indirect control over Group
companies. SEB S.A. also manages the Group's cash, implements the
financing policy and centralizes the management of the market risks
to which the subsidiaries and the Group are exposed.

The financial statements of SEB S.A. at 31 December 2020 are
characterized by the following amounts and transactions:

Operating income and expenses resulted in a loss of €20.6 million in
2020, compared with a loss of €19.8 million in 2019.

Net financial income increased, standing at €120.1 million in 2020,
compared with €102.2 million in 2019. This net financial income mainly
comprises:

§ dividends received, which increased in 2020 to €133.7 million,
compared with €122.5 million in 2019;

@ unfavorable currency effects in 2020 of €16.5 million, compared
with a loss of €25 million in 2019 corresponding mainly to foreign
exchange losses on financial items;

@ anda €2.9 million reversal of provisions for the impairment of financial
items, compared with net allocations of €15.8 million in 2019.

* Large Kitchen Appliances.

Profit from ordinary activities before tax was therefore €99.5 million in
2020, compared with €82.4 million in 2019. An extraordinary net loss
of €2.1 million was recorded, versus a gain of €19.1 million in 2019.

As SEB S.A. is the lead company of the tax consolidation group, it
posted tax income of €27.2 million in 2020 (compared to €28.9 million
in 2019), corresponding primarily to the tax savings related to the
deduction of the losses of the loss-making subsidiaries from the total
group’s tax result of €23.1 million in 2020.

SEB S.A.'s net profit for 2020 was €124.6 million, compared with
€130.4 million for 2019.

At 31 December 2020, total assets amounted to €5,868.6 million,
compared with €4,720.8 million at the end of 2019, representing a
sharp increase of €1,147.8 million.

Non-current assets amounted to €4,119.5 million, down €300.5 million
compared with 31 December 2019. They were primarily composed of
equity investments for a net amount of €1,614.5 million, compared with
€1,587.8 million in 2019, and long- and medium-term loans granted
for €2,502.5 million, versus €2,829.1 million in 2019.

In terms of liabilities, the company’s equity stood at €1,305.7 million at
31 December 2020, compared with €1,255.7 million in 2019. SEB S.A.’s
total borrowings and financial debt amounted to €4,302.3 million at
31 December 2020, compared with €3,207.8 million in 2019.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 57 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on SEB S.A.'s results

ACQUISITIONS OF EQUITY INVESTMENTS

SEB S.A. did not acquire any significant equity investments in 2020 in companies with their registered offices in France.

DIVIDENDS PAID OUT IN THE LAST THREE FISCAL YEARS

Dividends Share premium
2018 99,677,218 3,727,112
2019 106,554,007 4,072,106
2020 71,704,976 2,898,150

BREAKDOWN OF TRADE RECEIVABLES BY DUE DATE

Article D. 441 |.-2: Invoices issued and not settled at the closing date
of the fiscal year period that are in arrears

0 days 91 days Total (1 day

(indicative) _1to30days 31to60days 61 to 90 days or more or more)
(A) Late payment tranches
Number of invoices concerned 10
Total amount of invoices concerned incl. VAT 3.6 ie) ie) le) -
Percentage of total amount of purchases
incl. VAT for the year 180.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00%
(B) Invoices excluded from (A) relating to debts and receivables that are disputed or not reported
Number of invoices excluded ie)
Total amount of invoices excluded ie)

(C) Payment deadlines for references used (contractual or statutory deadline - Article L. 441-6 or Article L. 443-1 of the French
Commercial Code)

Payment deadlines used to calculate Legal deadlines: for French suppliers, payment deadlines range from 15 days to 60 days;
late payments for foreign supplie payment deadlines are scheduled from 30 to 60 days.

Contractual deadlines: The payment deadlines comply with the legal deadlines

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020



--- Page 58 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on SEB S.A.'s results

BREAKDOWN OF TRADE PAYABLES BY DUE DATE

Article D. 441 |.-1: Invoices received and not settled at the closing date
of the fiscal year period that are in arrears

0 days 91 days Total (1 day
(indicative) _1to30days 31to60days 61 to 90 days or more or more)
(A) Late payment tranches
Number of invoices concerned 10
Total amount of invoices concerned incl. VAT oO i?) i?) ie)

Percentage of total amount of purchases
incl. VAT for the year 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00%

(B) Invoices excluded from (A) relating to debts and receivables that are disputed or not reported
Number of invoices excluded 139°
Total amount of invoices excluded ie)

(C) Payment deadlines for references used (contractual or statutory deadline -
Article L. 441-6 or Article L. 443-1 of the French Commercial Code)

Payment deadlines used to calculate Legal deadlines: for French suppliers, payment deadlines range from 15 days to 60 days;
late payments for foreign suppliers, payment deadlines are scheduled from 30 to 60 days.

Contractual deadlines: The payment deadlines comply with the legal deadlines

* Including 66 credit notes on travel expenses remaining to be charged to current (64) or future invoices.

SUMPTUARY EXPENSES AND NON-TAX DEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES

Pursuant to the provisions of Article 223 quater of the French General the depreciation of passenger vehicles. This expense is not deductible
Tax Code, it is specified that the financial statements for the previous from the tax result under Article 39-4 of the French General Tax Code.

fiscal year contain sumptuary expenses of €17,093.94 corresponding to

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 59 ---

4.5 Outlook

Following an atypical year, Groupe SEB is confirming its trust in its
business model, which once again demonstrated its resilience and
solidity in the face of a major crisis.

The general environment at the start of 2021 is highly uncertain. Despite
the initiation of vaccination campaigns, health conditions continue
to be unstable, reflected in movement restriction measures in many
countries, notably in Europe, and ongoing difficulties in the hospitality
and catering sectors, still severely impacted.

However, as in the second half of 2020, our Consumer business activity
is solid at the beginning of the year on a favorable comparison basis.
The momentum is based on firm demand, new products launchings
supported by strong advertising and marketing activation and stepped-

Commentary on the financial year
Post-balance sheet events

up e-commerce. A gradual return to normal of the Professional business
could materialize as of the second half of the year.

Given the limited visibility on the coming months and the seasonal
nature of our business, we are not in a position to specify our objectives
for full-year 2021 at this stage. The currency effects as well as the
high price levels of raw materials and freight are currently headwinds.
Nevertheless, the Group is well equipped and firmly on track to return to
organic sales growth and higher Operating Result from Activity in 2021.

In any case, the Group remains entirely mobilized and agile, ready to
adapt its systems and processes to health requirements and to any
measures implemented by the public authorities in all of its countries.

4.6 Post-balance sheet events

CREATION OF A HOLDING COMPANY TO STRENGTHEN FAMILY CONTROL

The family shareholders of Groupe SEB, who signed the shareholders’
agreement on February 27, 2019, together hold 31.9% of the
share capital. This group of 260 individuals is structured around
GENERACTION and VENELLE INVESTISSEMENT.

To ensure long-term family control and strengthen ties with Groupe SEB,
the concerted family shareholders created a family holding company
on March 12, 2021 to strengthen its position.

On the same day, this holding company, called HRC (Holding de
Renforcement du Contrdle), received a significant portion of the SEB
shares held by the concerted parties, i.e. 6.4% of the capital of SEB
SA, with this group continuing to hold 31.9% of the capital. Note that
HRC is a party to the shareholders’ pact of 27 February 2019 and as
such is a member of the concerted group.

Using these assets together with debt, HRC aims to acquire SEB
shares. This objective will be pursued gradually and in compliance
with current stock market regulations.

This move reflects the family group’s strong commitment to Groupe
SEB, confirming its confidence in the Group's sustainable growth
model and its desire to support it over the long term.

This latest step is in keeping with the shareholders’ agreement of
February 2019. The holding company will be managed by two members.
of the seventh generation of the Lescure family.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 [221]


--- Page 60 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Post-balance sheet events

FREE ALLOCATION OF SHARES

In order to earn the loyalty of its shareholders, Groupe SEB is proceeding
with a free allocation of shares to their benefit.

Meeting on February 23, 2021, the Board of Directors, making use of the
authorization it has been given by the Combined Annual Shareholders’
General Meeting of May 19, 2020 under the 19" resolution, has decided
to increase the share capital by €5,030,706 through the incorporation
of reserves and/or retained earnings. This will take the share capital
from €50,307,064 to €55,337,770.

The increase of share capital will be completed on March 3%, 2021
through the creation of 5,030,706 new, entirely freed up shares with a
nominal value of €1. The shares will be freely allocated to all shareholders
registered on March 2", 2021, to the tune of ONE new share per TEN
existing shares. It is specified that all shares making up the share
capital, or 50,307,064 shares, will carry the same allocation right of 1
new share per 10 existing shares.

The attribution right will be detached on March 1 *, 2021 on the opening
for trade of the Paris-Euronext Stock Exchange and will lead to a
corresponding adjustment of the share price. The new shares will
bear rights on January 1, 2020 and will be immediately assimilated to
existing shares. They will carry the same rights as the original shares
in terms of double voting rights and dividend loyalty bonus. They will
give right to a dividend in respect of 2020 financial year, paid in 2021.

Rights forming fractional shares shall not be tradeable, nor can they
be sold, and ownership of the related shares shall be fully or partially
maintained by SEB S.A. as shares held in treasury. SEB S.A. will
compensate the holders of the fractional shares in respect of the
amounts due at the latest thirty (30) days after the full number of shares
has been recorded in their accounts. The remainder of potential rights
forming fractional shares not maintained by SEB S.A. will be sold.

New shares stemming from shares featuring separation of the legal and
beneficial ownership will maintain the same structure. The new share
shall be booked to the original account: as such, it will be divided in
the same way as existing shares. Fractional amounts will, however,
be allocated to the bare owner only.

Transactions will be centralized by BNP Paribas Securities Services —
Grands Moulins de Pantin, 9 rue du Débarcadére, 93500 Pantin.

This free share allocation will be the subject of a detailed Euronext
release as of today.

(z22] GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020


--- Page 61 ---

GROUPE SEB INVESTS IN CHEFCLUB

Groupe SEB has announced a new partnership agreement with
Chefclub, as well as the acquisition of a minority stake via its investment
company, SEB Alliance.

Simplifying cooking and making it accessible to all: that’s what Chefclub,
the start-up created in 2016 by three brothers, Thomas, Jonathan
and Axel Lang, has set as its corporate mission. Chefclub has rapidly
become a leading brand in the production and dissemination of cooking
content. It has already sold 700,000 books and launched a series of
innovative products for kids, which more than 150,000 families have
enjoyed so far, all created in collaboration with its online community.
Groupe SEB decided to partner with Chefclub, in its new round of
financing, for its appeal of experiential content and direct access
to online communities which represents the future of e-commerce.

100 MILLION FOLLOWERS: DIRECT ACCESS
TO A POWERFUL GLOBAL ONLINE COMMUNITY

Free dissemination of quality content has enabled the brand to attract a
community of tens of millions of followers. A true Digital Native Vertical
Brand (DNVB), Chefclub has built a relationship of trust with its users,
who they can consult and involve in the development of their products.
Each product is designed based on the tastes of and requests and
comments from the online community, expressed at different stages
of the creation process.

MORE THAN ONE BILLION VIEWS PER MONTH:
UNRIVALED VISIBILITY

Unlike traditional DNVBs, however, Chefclub stands out thanks to
one key strength. As viewers switch from television to social media,
Chefclub promotes its brand and its products via inspirational and
amusing video recipes viewed all over the world: in December 2020,
more than 50 million Americans and close to 15 million French viewers
watched Chefclub’s recipe videos.

GROUPE SEB - UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2020 [225]

Commentary on the financial year
Post-balance sheet events

AND A STRATEGIC BRAND LICENSE:
“CHEFCLUB BY TEFAL”

This acquisition is also part of joint efforts which will be stepped up
in H1 2021 with the launch of a range of products under the brand
license “Chefclub by Tefal”, including skillets, saucepans, kitchen
tools and small domestic appliances. Created in collaboration with
the Chefclub community, this range combines Chefclub’s expertise
in the development of creative recipes with Tefal’s sustainable design
for simple products to make cooking easier. It will be launched shortly
in France and internationally (Germany, Brazil, Italy, South Korea,
Canada, Spain, the UK and Mexico), and will be sold via all offline and
online channels as well as directly to customers (DtoC) on the Tefal
and Chefclub websites.

The new brand “Chefclub by Tefal” benefits from unprecedented
visibility on social networks and will broaden Groupe SEB’s reach,
particularly with Millennials, who are discovering or rediscovering the
joys of cooking thanks to the start-up’s content. By joining forces with
Groupe SEB, world reference for small domestic appliances, Chefclub
has access to recognized industrial expertise, the renown of the Tefal
brand and a broader retail network which will enable its community
to discover its products via the Group's retail channels.
