

--- Page 1 ---

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN

Ql INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Message from the Chairman

At the same time a year ago,

Sopra Steria had successfully reached
several key milestones in the
implementation of its corporate plan.
We had met our annual earnings
targets, and were resolutely adopting
a medium-term perspective as we
looked at ways of speeding up our
development and confirming the
performance trajectory that we had
set for ourselves.

But this vision was swiftly disrupted as
the Covid-19 virus took hold, triggering
a serious economic crisis. The
pandemic-related restrictions caused
a wholesale drop in demand,
especially in aerospace and railways,
sectors in which Sopra Steria has a
very strong presence. Conversely, our
Group gained real traction in defence
and broadly across the public sector,
where we also have strong positions.

Amid these challenging conditions, our
top priorities were keeping our
employees safe and safeguarding
service delivery for our clients. We
also took steps to protect our skills
base and jobs, even in the most
severely affected sectors of activity.

The effects of the Covid-19 crisis were
compounded late in the year by the
steps we had to take to defend
ourselves against the cyberattack that
targeted our Group. While the attack
was rapidly detected and our clients’
security maintained, some of our
information and production systems
remained down for several weeks

as a result of the remedial measures
we took.

Despite the challenges, our results -
both in terms of revenue and
operating margin - reflect our
impressively high level of resilience
in 2020. Sopra Steria also generated
strong cash flow, helping to cut the
Group's net financial debt by 17.2%.

Even though major uncertainties
remain at the start of the current year,
Sopra Steria intends to build on its
strong foundations and accelerate the
execution of its strategic plan in 2021.
The priorities are to bolster our
consulting business and press ahead
with digitalising our transformation
solutions. In the banking sector, we
will step up our drive to harness

synergies between the software,
consulting, integration and service
businesses.

We will also push forward with an
aggressive, but targeted acquisitions
policy.

From the current year, we anticipate
renewed organic growth in our
business and an improvement in our
operating margins.

Over the medium term, we confidently
expect to be able to execute an
ambitious, independent and value-
creating corporate plan for all our
stakeholders. This plan brings together
employees, shareholders and partners,
and targets a high level of business
performance, while making

a sustainable, human, purposeful
contribution to society.

“Sopra Steria intends to build
on its strong foundations and
accelerate the execution of its
strategic plan in 2021.”

Pierre Pasquier
Chairman and Founder of Sopra Steria Group

2 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020


--- Page 2 ---

INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA
KEY FIGURES FOR 2020

Key figures for 2020

Sopra Steria, a European leader in consulting, digital services and software development, helps its clients
drive their digital transformation and obtain tangible and sustainable benefits.

The Group provides end-to-end solutions to make large companies and organisations more competitive
by combining in-depth knowledge of a wide range of business sectors and innovative technologies with
a fully collaborative approach.

Sopra Steria places people at the heart of everything it does and is committed to making digital
technology work for its clients in order to build a positive future.

Revenue

€ 4 .3bn ——>- €3.6bn Digital services

€0.7bn Development of business solutions
Organic growth of -4.8%'

Operating profit on business activity Number of employees Equity

€300.2m 45,960 €1.4bn

7.0% of revenue

Number of offices Net financial debt

Net profit attributable to the Group 1 8. 4 € 4 2 5 6
om
€] 06.8m equal to 11 x 2020 pro forma EBITDA

A before th t of IFRS 16
Number of countries store tne impose)

2 5 Market capitalisation
at 31/12/2020
Basic earnings per share

€5.27 €2.7bn

2.5% of revenue

Dividend per share

€2.007

TOP 5 TOP 10

SY european digital services SY european digital services

N x
(@) companies () companies

() Alternative performance measures are defined in the glossary of this document See Chapter 5
(2) Dividend proposed for approval at the General Meeting of 26 May 2021 for more information

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 3


--- Page 3 ---

Ql INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA
HISTORY AND CORPORATE PLAN

History and corporate plan

More than 50 years of continuous growth and transformation

& oe eS cay Q Canara, Q
1985 1990 2000

Sopras PO

on NYSE Euronest Paris con NYSE Euronext Pars

Driving digital transfermation

2014 2013 2012 2001 2007 2005
nt 'SSCL contract with
the UK government

Axway’s IPO ‘Acquistion ‘Acauiation

sopra HR Software of Xansa, BPO expert

Banking Software

fof Mummert Consuting

A new dimension focused on our development and competitive edge &

2020 \

on of SAB cau
(OV with Sparca) = Sodkfe
cof the Consulting copartner
brand Sopea Stena Next Ficdor Solutions
for Sopra Banking
Software

2014 2015 2017

Sopra Steria: Acquistion of CIMPA Acquistions of Cassiopoe,
birth of a European leader Kentor, 2MoRO anc Gait
In digital transformation

‘OR system and Apak
by Sopra Banking Software

Sopra Steria was formed from the 2014 merger between Sopra and Steria, two of France's longest-standing digital services
companies founded in 1968 and 1969 respectively. Both companies have always been driven by entrepreneurial spirit and a
collective commitment to meeting clients’ needs. The Group is now a European leader in digital transformation solutions.

Key points of the corporate plan

An independent model

An independent model built on
long-term vision and business
performance, upholding the Group’s
responsibilities to the environment
and to its stakeholders as a good
corporate citizen.

Entrepreneurial culture

Agility, rapid decision-making, and
speed of execution are hard-wired
into Sopra Steria’s DNA. Our ethos

is predicated on an unwavering focus
on client service, autonomous
decision-making, collective endeavour
and respect for others.

A core shareholder backing the corporate plan

Individual and
other investors

6% gy
French

institutional

investors Breakel
29.4% reakdown,

of share capital
at 31/12/2020

International institutional
investors
30.2%

Importance of human capital

A rigorous talent-focused human
resources policy combining

strong collective mindset and

the development of employees’ skills.

See Chapter 1
for more information

Treasury shares

Controlled
share ownership
and interests

Sopra GMT
19.6% (29.8%)

20,547,701 listed shares
26,583,239 exercisable voting rights
XXX% = percentage of share
capital held

(XXX%) = percentage of exercisable
voting rights

managed
on behalf of Founders & Managers
employees 2.6% (3.9%)
28.6% (42.1%)

Interests managed
on behalf of employees
6.3% (8.5%)

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

TPI survey of identifiable owners
of shares at 31/12/2020 - Ownership
threshold of over 1,000 shares

See Chapter 7
for more information


--- Page 4 ---

INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

OUR MISSION AND VALUES.

Our mission and values

Our mission

Technology serves as a gateway to infinite possibilities.

As fascinating as this never-ending stream of innovations is,
it also raises questions as to what is actually behind the
frantic race for novelty and change.

Solutions are never straightforward or obvious, and there

is certainly never just one way of doing things.

At Sopra Steria, our mission is to guide our clients, partners
and employees towards bold choices to build a positive
future by putting digital technology to work in service

of humanity.

Beyond technology, we set great store by collective

intelligence, in the firm belief it can help make the world
a better place.

Values that bring us together

Putting customer
service first

Respect
for others

Together, we are building a highly promising future by
delivering tangible benefits: sustainable solutions with

positive impacts that take full account of interactions

between digital technology and society.

There's still so much more we can achieve together.

Dare together

At Sopra Steria, we strive to create a stimulating,
group-oriented environment inspiring free thinkers to
engage in open and frank discussions. Our goal is

to foster the development of skills and entrepreneurship
in a community driven by a thirst for collective success.

Taking positive
action

Professional

excellence

Collective
mindset

Openness
and curiosity

Putting customer service first

We make a commitment to our clients
over the long term to enhance their
performance and enable them to
reach the next level by leveraging our
specialised knowledge of their sector

of activity and innovative technologies.

Professional excellence

We offer our visionary, integrated
approach and our broad range of
expertise to help guide our clients,
partners and employees towards bold
choices and convert opportunities into
tangible, sustainable results.

Respect for others

Our core belief is that our collective
endeavour makes us stronger, and
that by working together we can
find the best solutions. That’s why we
always listen carefully to and forge
close relationships with our clients,
partners and employees.

Collective mindset

We believe collective intelligence,
harnessing team spirit and each
individual's talents, can help drive
positive change and make the world
a better place in a sustainable
manner, exceeding what technologies
alone can do.

Taking positive action

We want to make innovation deliver
results for as many people as possible
and offer sustainable solutions with

a positive impact that responsibly and
ethically shape interactions between
digital technology and society.

Openness and curiosity

We encourage a bold, curious and
accountable approach and seek to
explore new avenues and employee
innovative new technologies that can
deliver transformative changes for
everyone's benefit.

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 5


--- Page 5 ---

Ql INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

GOVERNANCE

Governance

Board of Directors

Pierre Pasquier It is a top priority for the Board of Directors to have

Chairman a diverse range of skills. The Company has identified
ten key competencies that it would like to be represented
within the Board of Directors. These skills and areas
of experience are as follows:

+ 12 Directors appointed at the General Meeting
+ 2 Directors representing the employees 9 9,
Members 64% 50%
Knowledge of consulting, digital Human resources
services, software development, ability and labour relations

Q 8 to promote innovation
64%
4 2%e * % 57% International teams
(-) () _ and organisations

Female Directors Male Directors Knowledge of one of the Group's
main vertical markets 50%
os** 50% Societal issues
67 ° 3 Entrepreneurial experience 36%
Independent Directors Nationalities
Knowledge of Axway Software
36%
9
CEO of an international group 43%
62 6 Operational experience within
Average age of Board members 7 the Sopra Steria Group
57%
Finance, risk management
1d control
Composition at 25 February 2021 and’ contro|
() 5/12 women - 7/12 men See Chapter 3
(9) 8/12 Board members qualify as independent based for more information

on the AFEP-MEDEF Code's requirements

Executive Management

The Group is made up of a corporate function and a number of operational divisions. The Executive Management team
is responsible for running the Group, with support from the Executive Committee (ExCom), the Operations Committee and
the Management Committee.

The Executive Management team consists of Vincent Paris (Chief Executive Officer), John Torrie (Deputy Chief Executive Officer)
and Laurent Giovachini, (Deputy Chief Executive Officer).

The Executive Committee (ExCom) has 17 members. It supervises the Group's organisation, 0,
management system, major contracts and support functions and entities. It is involved fo
in the Group's strategic planning and implementation. Two of its members are women. of ExCom members

are women
The Operations Committee consists of the Executive Committee members and

18 operational managers of key countries and subsidiaries. Four of its members are
women.

The Management Committee consists of the members of the Operations Committee
and 18 operational and functional managers (purchasing, internal control, industrial
department, finance, property, marketing and communications, investor relations
and human resources). Eight of its members are women.

See Chapter 1
for more information

6 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020


--- Page 6 ---

INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY

Corporate responsibility

Together, building a positive future by making digital
work for people.

At Sopra Steria, we firmly believe

that digital technology can create Seven key commitments, all directly aligned with
opportunity and progress for all. the Group’s business model, underpin its corporate
When closely linked to humanity, responsibility strategy:

it creates a virtuous circle that benefits
society as a whole. Sopra Steria has
chosen to be a “contributor” company
involved in building a sustainable
world in which everyone has a part
to play.

+ Benchmark employer

+ Constructive and open dialogue with stakeholders

+ Long-term partner for our clients

+ Involving the entire value chain in our corporate social responsibility
programme

+ Reduction in our environmental impact, contribution to a net-zero
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions economy

+ Ethical business conduct

sm tae. + Supporting local communities
Three priorities: Pporing

Helping combat climate change 86% reduction in business travel as
C02 Sopra Steria has committed to achieving net zero emissions by 2028 Pa
0

+ Since 2015, greenhouse gas emissions related to our direct activities
have fallen, in line with the objectives aligned with a 1.5°C
trajectory, as certified by SBTi?;

+ Incorporation of emissions related to indirect activities in -36.7% -74.0%
the carbon neutral programme;

+ Offset of emissions not averted through investment in carbon

: Reduction in GHG Reduction in GHG
capture projects. _ ; _ emissions! per emissions! per
+ Carbon neutrality of emissions from direct activities since 2015 and employee in 2019 employee in 2020
integration of emissions from indirect activities in this programme (2015 base) (2015 base)

by 2028. oo
Ambitious policy of bringing more women into the ») o)
oe management team 32.5% 34.0%

The Group's target is for women to account for 30% of Executive Committee
members by 2025

5 . Women as % of 2020 Women as % of new
+ Further increase in the number of female Group employees; workforce hires in 2020

+ Roll-out of the Gender Equality Tour training programme; (2019: 320%) (2019: 51.1%)
+ Two women joined the Executive Committee in 2020

eee, . on : tae ported by the Gi
K , Digital sustainability in our value proposition 1 62 a eee eT? aloltal crowets
Sopra Steria is accelerating innovation and digital inclusion 9 17 aigtat Pro
9 Outreach. »Y the Sopra Steria-insttut

+ Digital systems helping our clients achieve their sustainability goals; projects de France Foundation
+ Digital inclusion outreach programmes;
+ Sopra Steria Next signed up to the Digital Responsibility Charter.

Recognition of ESG commitments by the leading rating agencies in 2020

Non-financial rating | co) Gretataetyras Vigeo Eris | !SS QualityScore | CDP CDP Supplier EcoVadis
agencies 1 for best to 10 for worst | Climate Change | Engagement Rating

AA 73/100 62/100 Top 1%

Score/Category Leader Outperformer Advanced | 3 | A list | A Platinum

() Greenhouse gas emissions from business travel, offices and on-site data centres
(2) SBTi: Science Based Targets initiative
(3) Group Executive Committee

(4) Environmental, Social and Governance See Chapter 4
for more information

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 7


--- Page 7 ---

BUSINESS MODEL AND...

Ql INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Business model and...

Our vision

The digital revolution has triggered a
radical transformation in our environment

It is speeding up changes in our clients’
business models, internal processes and
information systems. In this fast-changing
environment, we bring our clients new ideas

Our business

Sopra Steria provides end-to-end solutions
to address the core business needs of large
companies and organisations, helping them
remain competitive and grow, supporting
them throughout their digital transformation
in Europe and around the world.

and support them in their transformation
by making the most effective use of digital
technology.

() Source: Gartner, @4 2020, in constant US dollars.

Our offering

An end-to-end
approach

Digital and ¢
business
consulting +
N ,

&e

Business Process Trusted Application
Outsourcing digital services!
services .
a 1 ~.
a 1
- 4 1
Cloud and 1 Cobersecurity An extensive

infrastructures Services portfolio offering

'
\
1

(Systems integration and third-party application maintenance
2) Licensing model and SaaS/Cloud model

8 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

Human.
resources

Our market

+ Spending on digital services in Western
Europe: $265.6bn in 2020*

+ A market forecast to grow more than
5% over the period 2021 - 2024.*

+ Sopra Steria ranks among the top
10 digital services companies operating
in Europe (excluding captive service
providers and purely local players).

cil

Financial
services

Software
development”

Real estate

See Chapter 1
for more information


--- Page 8 ---

INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

.. VALUE CHAIN
l hai
- value CNain
Sopra Steria’s Innovations Imagining and building the future
DNA & Technologies Enhancing what's already there
Entrepreneurial culture, Cloud, Data, Al’, Blockchain, Transforming our clients’ business
close client relationships, sense Cybersecurity, Mobility, 5G, loT? models, processes and systems
of commitment, corporate Link between legacy and digital
responsibility
f 1 '
' '
' '
Vv v
o =. _ ms,
’ N ’ N
’ N ’ . N ’ N
“ ‘, uv“ Business/ ‘, /7 Systems meeting \.

_ Us Our culture _ 7 technology expertise . ’ our clients’ strategic oe
Nee Ned
a — i

— o8f —>
“ ‘SY Our resources a N Transformation me and business goals,” s
“ N ’ N , N , s
s ’ ’ N ’
N , ’ N ,
‘, ed ‘,
” “
\ '
Employees End-to-end Major Client
Strategic partners Subcontractors approach focus
Startups
Suppliers 8 vertical strategic verticals
Business/engineering schools Targeted business areas
and univer:

Extensive offering
portfolio

Sample value creation performance measures for our main stakeholders

Employees Clients Shareholders Company

+ Great Place to Work survey + Customer Voice survey + Share price + GHG emissions*

+ Attrition rate + Organic revenue growth + Dividend + CDP ranking

+ Number of hours of training + Non-financial rating + EcoVadis assessment
provided agencies’ rating

() At: Artificial intelligence
lot: Internet of things See Chapters 1 and 4
(3) Greenhouse gases for more information

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 9


--- Page 9 ---

Ql INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA
BREACKDOWN OF OPERATIONS AND THE WORKFORCE

Breakdown of revenue
and the workforce

Breakdown of revenue

Revenue by vertical market

me 5
Transport Distribution
5% 3%
mm Aerospace, Defence, Energy, Telecoms, Media
Banking Public Sector Homeland Security Utilities Insurance ‘and Games Other
26% 25% 16% 6% 5% 10%

Group revenue Group revenue

by business line by region Workforce
Group
45,960
employees
France

19,799

1 Consulting & Systems Integration 60% 1 Consulting & Systems Integration 48%

2 Development of Business Solutions 15% 2 Development of Business Solutions 18%

3 Cloud & Infrastructure Management 10% 3 Cloud & Infrastructure Management 32% United Kingdom

4 Business Process Services 15% 4 Business Process Services 2% A A / A
tA

Solutions revenue Solutions revenue

by product by region Other Europe

10,885

Rest of the World

523

X-Shore’
1. Sopra Banking Software 64% 1. France 59%
2 Sopra HR Software 24% 2 Rest of Europe 26%
3 Property Management Solutions 12% 3 Rest of the World 15% y
) See Chapter 5
() India, Poland, Spain and North Africa for more information

10 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020


--- Page 10 ---

INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA
STRATEGY AND AMBITIONS

Strategy and Ambitions

Strategy

Sopra Steria’s strategy is built around its independent corporate plan for sustainable value creation for its stakeholders. It is a European
project underpinned by expansion through organic and acquisition-led growth. The goal is to generate substantial added value by
harnessing a full range of powerful consulting and software solutions deployed using an end-to-end approach and bringing to bear
our combined technology and sector-specific expertise.

Our ambition is to be the partner of choice in Europe for major public administrations, financial and industrial operators and strategic

businesses, when they are looking for support with driving the digital transformation of their activities (business and operating model)
and their information systems, and preserving their digital sovereignty.

Strategic levers - IT services
\Z sopra steria
YN next al

Overhaul of
Sector and End-to-end Strengthening legacy application At-scale
client focus approach of consulting transformation production model

Strategic levers - Software

a Sopra Banking <@ sopra hr — sowwtions mmositier
Software SOFTWARE & Sopraststeria
Sopra Banking Platform Digital end-to-end
Sopra Financing Platform approach

Medium-term ambitions

The project has enjoyed the benefit of an upbeat market for digital services, which have had the wind in their sails for several years now
as a result of the digital transformation being undertaken by businesses and institutions looking to increase their resilience,

Over the medium term, Sopra Steria is targeting compound annual organic revenue growth of between 4% and 6%, an operating margin
on business activity of around 10%, and free cash flow of between 5% and 7% of revenue.

Q) See Chapter 1
for more information

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 11


--- Page 11 ---

Ql INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA
RISK MANAGEMENT

Risk Management

aa

Participants in internal control and risk management

Board of Directors / Audit Committee

External
Executive Management audit

Ist line of control 2nd line of control 3rd line of control
Operational management Operational management Internal Audit

All entities Financial

All geographies Industrial

All business activities Human Resources Legal

Sustainable Development 4
& Corporate Responsibility

Internal Control

cy

Identification of the Group’s main risks

The most significant risks specific to Sopra Steria are set out below by category and in decreasing order of criticality (based on the
crossover between probability of occurrence and the estimated extent of their impact), taking account of mitigation measures implemented.
This presentation of net risks is not intended to show all Sopra Steria’s risks.

The table below shows the results of this assessment in terms of net importance on a scale of three levels, from least important (+)
to most important (++).

Risks related to strategy and external factors Materiality

+ Adaptation of services to digital transformation, innovation + The internal control system
+ Significant reduction in client/vertical activity ” and risk management

+ Acquisitions * policies implemented by

+ Attacks on reputation #

the Group aim to lower the
probability of occurrence
of these main risk factors
and their potential impact

Risks related to operational activities

+ Cyberattacks, systems security, data protection +H on the Group.
+ Extreme events and response to major crises +H Each of these risk
+ Marketing and execution of managed/operated projects and services +

management policies is
laid down in detail in the
"Risk factors and internal
control chapter” of this

Risks related to human resources

+ Development of skills and managerial practises - SNFP’ + document
+ Attracting and retaining employees - SNFP* +

Risks related to regulatory requirements

+ Compliance with regulations - SNFP* +

“SNFP

This risk also relates to concems addressed by the regulatory changes

set out in Articles L. 225-102-1 III and R. 225-105 of the French Commercial >) See Chapter 2
Code, which cover the Company's Statement of Non-Financial Performance for more information

12 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020


--- Page 12 ---

INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

Financial performance

Revenue
in millions of euros

4 6000 4,434.0

4 4000

4 2000

40000 —_______ 38311 __|
3,741.3

3 8000

36000 —|

4,262.9

4,095.3

34000 —
3 2000

2016 2017 2018 2019 2020

Net profit attributable to the Group

in millions of euros and % of revenue

200
1725

180 160.3
150.4

160

140 t 1251

120 4 | 1068

100 4
80 —| 40% 45% 31% 36%

60 4

40 4

20 4

2016 2017 2018 2019 2020

Free cash flow
in millions of euros

250 229.3

203.5
200 1731
150.6

150 m4 7

100

50

2016 2017 2018 2019 2020

() Free cash flow calculated excluding the assignment of trade
receivables leading to their deconsolidation (€37m assigned in 2017)

Operating profit on business activity
in millions of euros and % of revenue

400 3507 5843
350 — 301 — — 3079 300.2 —
300
250
200 80% 86% 73% 8.0% 70%
150
100
50
0
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020

Dividend in euros
per share

2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013

i} Os 1 15 2 25 3

* Amount proposed to the General Meeting of 26 May 2021

Sopra Steria share price over 5 years*
Compared to performance of SBF 120 and CAC 40

SOPRA STERIA +22.07% SBFI20 +19.95% CACAO +19.72%
180

160
140
120
100
80

60
40
20

T T T T T T
ai2/is BYl26 3yl2i7 31/2/18 ayi2ng 31/12/20

* Rebased 100 at 31 December 2015 (Source: Euronext Paris)

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 13


--- Page 13 ---

Ql INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA
DIALOGUE WITH INVESTORS

Dialogue with investors

all =

Factsheet 2020 financial calendar

Listing Euronext Paris 26 February 2021

2020 annual revenue and earnings*
before market open

Market Compartment A
28 April 2021
1 2021
ISIN FROOO0050809 before market open al revenue
Ticker symbol sop 26 May 2021 ‘Annual General Meeting
Main indices SBF 120, CAC All-Tradable, O1 June 2021 bedividend date
CAC All-Share, CAC Mid & Small,
CAC Mid 60, CAC Soft. & CS, 03 June 2021 Dividend payment
CAC Technology, Euronext FAS IAS,
29 July 2021
Next 150, Euronext Eurozone ESG Large 60 july 2021 haif-year revenue and earnings!
Euronext Eurozone 300, Ethibel Sustainability before market open
29 October 2021 3 2021 revenue
before market open
Eligible for “PEA” Share Savings Plan in France * The full-year and half-year results are presented at bilingual webcast
Eligible for Deferred Settlement Service meetings in French and English

Percentage of Group's share capital held

Meetings with investors by institutional investors

The Investor Relations Department builds a dialogue with the 2% 2 9 4%
P i 3 0 ° ° e °

investor community throughout the year. It endeavours to meet

with all shareholders, investors and financial analysts in the world’s International institutional French institutional
main financial markeplaces during roadshows or conferences, investors investors

as well as on the occasion of annual and interim financial reports

and presentations to the General Shareholders’ Meeting.

aA x gS

: So
Institutions Meeting Countrie Cities 8 (>)

met covered covered

Percentage of Group's share capital held
by individual shareholders

percentage of share capital held

by individual shareholders
169 146 9 14 eof nena a0

Ownership threshold of over 1,000 shares

a ok

Roadshow Conferences The Technical Committee of the Grand
1 9 6 Prix de la Transparence* in 2020

Q/ 5" place
&) Top 5 position in the Grand Prix de ta Transparence

for regulated information

Universal Registration Document and invitation to AGM
Sopra Steria ranks among the top 3 companies nominated
TR/ANSPARENCE for the Grand Prix de la Transparence for regulated
BEL OR Aaa information for its Universal Registration Document and
its invitation to the General Shareholders’ Meeting

This seal of quality is awarded to Universal Registration Documents achieving
the highest level of transparency according to the Annual Transparency
Rankings criteria. * Technical Committee of the Grand Prix de la Transparence awards held by Labrador

14 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020


--- Page 14 ---

Contacts

a

Follow us
Group website
https://www.soprasteria.com

Investors
https://www.soprasteria.com/investors

Sustainable Development & Corporate Responsibility
https://www.soprasteria.com/about-us/corporate-responsibility

7 https://twittercom/soprasteria
& https://www.facebook.com/soprasteria
fin https://www.linkedin.com/company/soprasteria

J
[>] https://wwwyoutube.com/user/SteriaGroup

Investor Relations Director
Olivier Psaume

Tel. +33 (0)1 40 67 68 16

Email: investors@soprasteria.com

ESG Investor Relations
Tel: +33 (0)1 40 67 86 88

Individual Shareholder Relations
Tel: +33 (0)1 40 67 68 26

Corporate Responsibility Director
Fabienne Mathey-Girbig
Email: corporate.responsibility@soprasteria.com

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

15


--- Page 15 ---

16 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020


--- Page 16 ---

1. Business overview
and strategies

63.
6.4.
65.
6.6.
67.
6.8.

7.
8.
oF

9.1.

9.2.

Sopra Steria Group at a glance

History of Sopra Steria Group

Digital services market

Main markets - Competitive environment of the digital services sector

Sopra Steria’s activities
A major European player in digital transformation
Business expertise at the heart of our strategy

Research and Development in Solutions

Strategy and objectives

Corporate plan reaffirmed despite the Covid-19 crisis
Strong and original positioning in Europe

Confirmed objectives and priority action areas

Medium-term strategic objectives

2020 Full-year results

Comments on 2020 performance

19

20
20

21
ai
24
26

26
26
26
27
29

29
29

Comments on the components of net profit attributable to the Group and

Financial position at 31 December 2020

Proposed dividend in respect of financial year 2020
Workforce

Social and environmental footprint

Acquisition and external growth transactions
Infrastructure and technical facilities

Targets for 2021

Subsequent events.
Simplified Group structure at 31 December 2020
Group organisation

Permanent structure

Temporary structures for specific deals and projects

30
30
30
30
30

31

31

3

32

33

33
34

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

7


--- Page 17 ---

“lll ~BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES
Sopra Steria Group at a glance

Sopra Steria Group at a glance

Corporate name: Sopra Steria Group

Until 2 September 2014, the name of the Company was “Sopra Group”. As a result of the successful public exchange offer made by Sopra
Group for the shares of Groupe Steria SCA (see press release dated 6 August 2014), the Board of Directors met on 3 September 2014, with
Pierre Pasquier presiding, and recorded the entry into effect of several resolutions conditionally adopted at the General Meeting of 27 June
2014

Among the consequences of the implementation of these resolutions was the change in the corporate name from “Sopra Group” to
“Sopra Steria Group”

Registered office: PAE Les Glaisins, Annecy-le-Vieux, 74940 Annecy — France. The telephone number is +33(0)4 50 33 30 30.
Executive Management: 6 avenue Kleber, 75116 Paris — France. The telephone number is +33(0)1 40 67 29 29.

Legal form: French société anonyme.

Company website: https://www.soprasteria.com

Date of incorporation: 5 January 1968, with a term of fifty years as from 25 January 1968, renewed at the General Meeting of 19 June
2012 for a subsequent term of ninety-nine years.

Country where the entity is incorporated: France
Country where registered office is located: France
Name of the parent company: Sopra Steria Group
Name of the controlling company: Sopra Steria Group
Principal entity: Sopra Steria Group

Corporate purpose: “The Company's purpose is:

To engage, in France and elsewhere, in consulting, expertise, research and training with regard to corporate organisation and information
processing, in computer analysis and programming and in the performance of customised work.

The design and creation of automation and management systems, including the purchase and assembly of components and equipment, and
appropriate software.

The creation or acquisition of and the operation of other businesses or establishments of a similar type.

And, generally, all commercial or financial transactions, movable or immovable, directly or indirectly related to said corporate purpose or in
partnership or in association with other companies or persons” (Article 2 of the Articles of Association)

Commercial registration: 326 820 065 RCS Annecy

Place where legal documents may be consulted: Registered office.
ISIN: FROO00050809

Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 96950020QIOHAAK9V551

Financial year: From 1 January to 31 December of each year.

Appropriation of earnings according to the Articles of Association

“An amount of at least five per cent shall be deducted from the profit for the financial year, reduced by prior losses, if any, in order to
constitute the statutory reserve fund. Such deduction shall cease to be mandatory when the amount in the statutory reserve fund is equal to
one-tenth of the share capital

Profit available for distribution comprises the profit for the year less any losses carried forward and amounts allocated to reserves, pursuant to
the law and the Articles of Association, plus retained earnings.

The General Meeting may deduct from this profit all amounts that it deems appropriate for allocation to all optional, ordinary or
extraordinary reserves, or to retained earnings.

The balance, if any, is apportioned at the General Meeting between all shareholders in proportion to the number of shares that they own.
The General Meeting may also decide to distribute amounts deducted from the reserves at its disposal, expressly indicating the reserve items
from which the deductions are made. However, dividends shall first be withdrawn from the profits for the financial year.” (Excerpt from
Article 37 of the Articles of Association).

18 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020


--- Page 18 ---

A LONG HISTORY OF ENTREPRENEURSHIP

Backed by our strong entrepreneurial culture and our sense of
collective purpose, we work every day to deliver a range of
solutions, from consulting to systems integration, on behalf of our
clients. We aim to be the benchmark partner for large public
authorities, financial and industrial operators, and strategic
companies in the main countries where we operate. We focus on
being relevant at all times and ensuring that our impact is a positive
one, both for society and from a business perspective.

2014-2020

A new strategic plan to promote expansion and
competitiveness

The Sopra Steria 2020 Project is launched to improve performance
in all areas and increase added value. The acquisition of CIMPA in
October 2015 boosts its presence in the product lifecycle
management (PLM) market. Following the acquisition of software
developer Cassiopae, finalised in January 2017, three new
companies joined the Sopra Steria Group in 2017: Kentor, 2MoRO
and Galitt.

In 2018, the Group acquires the German IT services company
BLUECARAT to strengthen its position in Germany and offer new
growth opportunities for its local subsidiary, as well as Apak to
expand its range of lending solutions. In 2019, Sopra Steria takes
two important steps forward in the core banking market: the
acquisition of SAB, finalised on 7 August 2020, and the partnership
with seven German banks in the Sparda banking group, involving
the construction of a digital platform. At the end of 2019,
Sopra Steria also bolsters its operations and consolidates its
strategy by launching its new digital transformation consulting
brand, Sopra Steria Next. With the acquisition of Sodifrance in
2020, the Group created a market leader in digital services for
insurers and social security providers. In the United Kingdom, Sopra
Steria acquired cxpartners, bolstering its expertise in user experience
and ergonomic design. Lastly, Fidor Solutions, the software
subsidiary of next-generation bank Fidor Bank specialising in digital
banking solutions, joined the Group on 31 December 2020. With
this acquisition, Sopra Banking Software has significantly
accelerated the pace of its development, in particular by
augmenting user features as part of its Digital Banking Engagement
Platform (DBEP).

Today, the Group ranks among the top 5 European digital
transformation players, having earned a reputation for providing
end-to-end solutions to address the core business needs of large
companies and organisations, helping them remain competitive and
grow.

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES EEE

History of Sopra Steria Group

History of Sopra Steria Group

2014

Birth of a new European leader in digital transformation

Complementing each other in business strengths, strategic verticals
and geographies while sharing a similar corporate culture, Sopra
and Steria merge to give birth to Sopra Steria.

2000-2014

Assisting with digital transformation

In 2001, the Internet bubble bursts accelerating market changes.
Clients are looking for global players capable of assisting them in
transforming their businesses.

Steria rises to these challenges by completing major strategic
acquisitions, including Bull’s IT services business in Europe in 2001,
Mummert Consulting in Germany in 2005 and the business process
outsourcing (BPO) expert Xansa in 2007.

1985-2000

Strategic emphasis on financial performance

Given the maturity of the IT services market, Sopra reexamines its
fundamentals and refocuses on systems integration and software
development. Sopra completes its initial public offering in 1990.
Steria prioritises the rationalisation and industrialisation of processes
to reorganise its functional structure. After landing a number of
major deals, Steria proceeds with its initial public offering in 1999.

Sopra combines internal and external growth to consolidate its
European expansion and its areas of expertise: consulting, systems
integration and solutions development. Axway, a subsidiary formed
by bringing together the Group's software infrastructure divisions, is
floated in 2011.

1968-1985

It services as a key linchpin in society's process of
modernisation

Sopra and Steria are two distinct entities, making their way forward
in the emerging IT services industry. They both strive to meet the
needs of major clients with innovative products and services. Sopra
invests in software development and opens new locations in various
markets. At the same time, Steria racks up several contract wins in
the public sector.

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 19


--- Page 19 ---

“lll ~BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Digital services market

Digital services market

3.1.

Main markets — Competitive environment of the digital services sector

In 2020, the digital services market in Western Europe was worth an estimated $265.6 billion "), down 4.7% ” due to the Covid-19

pandemic. Gartner predicts a rebound to $282.4 billion in 2021.

I DIGITAL SERVICES MARKET IN WESTERN EUROPE (EXCLUDING HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE)

Country (in billions of dollars)

France

United Kingdom
Germany

Rest of Europe
TOTAL

37.8
77.3
50.7
116.6
282.4

Source: Gartner, updated Q4 2020.

According to market research, in 2020 the market ") contracted by
5.4% ” in France, 4.5% in Germany and 3.8% in the United
Kingdom. For 2021, an upturn is expected, amounting to 4% in
France, 3.1% in Germany and 1.8% in the United Kingdom. This

trend should continue over the next few years, with market growth
in Western Europe estimated at around 5% per year on average
(2021-2024).

I DIGITAL SERVICES MARKET IN WESTERN EUROPE (EXCLUDING HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE)

Business (in billions of dollars)

Consulting

Development and systems integration
Outsourced IT services

Business process outsourcing

TOTAL

61.1
72.2
117.5
31.6

282.4

Source: Gartner, updated Q4 2020.

In terms of businesses segments, consulting was down 7.6% ® in
2020 and implementation services fell 6.0%. Other activities proved
more resilient: outsourced and cloud services fell 3.1% and business
process outsourcing fell 2.1%. For 2021, Gartner predicts upturns of
3.0% in consulting, 3.9% in implementation services and 3.0% in
outsourced and cloud services. Business process outsourcing is
expected to remain stable.

The European market has two main characteristics:

= three countries (the United Kingdom, Germany and France)
account for 59% of IT services spending

= outsourcing of technology services (application maintenance and
infrastructure management) and business process outsourcing
together account for a little over half of IT services spending by
European companies '”.

Furthermore, the IT services market remains fragmented despite

some consolidation, with the leading player in the European market

(1) Source: Gartner report, updated Q4 2020
(2) Growth calculated at constant US dollars

20 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

holding less than a 10% share. Against this backdrop, Sopra Steria
is one of the ten largest digital services companies operating in
Europe (excluding captive service providers and purely local players).
Its market share stands at over 5% in France and currently averages
between 0.5% and 1% in the other major European markets.

Sopra Steria's main competitors in Europe are: Accenture, Atos,
Capgemini, CGI, DXC and IBM, all of which are present worldwide.
It also faces competition from Indian groups, chiefly in the United
Kingdom (such as TCS, Cognizant, Wipro and Infosys), and local
companies with a strong regional presence (Indra in Spain, Fujitsu in
the United Kingdom, Tieto/Evry in Scandinavia, etc.). Apart from its
services business, listed rivals such as Temenos and Alfa Financials
also command a significant presence in the software market, where
Sopra Steria is also present, especially in banking.


--- Page 20 ---

4 | Sopra Steria’s activities

4.1. A major European player in digital

transformation

Sopra Steria, a European leader in consulting, digital services and
software development, helps its clients drive their digital
transformation and obtain tangible and sustainable benefits, thanks
to one of the most comprehensive portfolios of offerings on the
market, spanning consulting and systems integration, the
development of business and technology solutions, infrastructure
management, cybersecurity and business process services (BPS).

The Group provides end-to-end solutions to make large companies
and organisations more competitive by combining in-depth
knowledge of a wide range of business sectors and innovative
technologies with a fully collaborative approach: from strategic
analysis, programme definition and implementation, and IT
infrastructure transformation and operation, to designing and
implementing solutions and outsourcing business processes.

For Sopra Steria, helping clients succeed in their digital
transformation means breaking down their strategic and business
challenges into digital initiatives through an exclusive end-to-end
offering. Thanks to very close relationships with its clients and its
multi-disciplinary teams, the Group is able to continually innovate to
guarantee that its offerings remain relevant to the strategic
challenges of each of its vertical markets.

Sopra Steria’s teams are trained in the new microservices platforms,
DevOps and cloud computing. They are also adopting new methods
of designing, delivering and embedding teams. Sopra Steria is
therefore able to offer the two key ingredients for successful digital
transformation: speed of execution and openness to external
ecosystems.

Sopra Steria Group is also the preferred partner of Axway Software,
whose exchange and digital enablement platforms play an
important role in modernising information systems and opening
them up to digital technology.

Sopra Steria is an independent Group whose founders and
managers control 22.3% of its share capital and 33.6% of its
theoretical voting rights. With 46,000 employees in 25 countries,
it pursues a strategy based on European key accounts.

4.1.1... CONSULTING AND SYSTEMS INTEGRATION —
60% OF 2020 REVENUE

a. Consulting

Sopra Steria Next, the Group’s consulting brand, is a leading
consulting firm. Sopra Steria Next has over 40 years’ experience in
business and technological consultancy for large companies and
public bodies, with around 3,400 consultants in France and
Europe. Its aim is to accelerate the development and
competitiveness of its clients by supporting them in their digital
transformation while addressing their sustainability challenges in
keeping with our clients’ Corporate Responsibility policies. This
support involves understanding clients’ business issues using
substantial sector-specific expertise, and then working to design
transformation roadmaps (business processes, data architecture,

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES EEE

Sopra Steria’s activities

change management, etc.) to make the most of new digital
technologies. It involves supporting the information systems
departments of our clients, grasping their new challenges, assisting
them with their overall transformation projects as well as the
modernisation of their legacy systems.

b. Systems integration

Systems integration is Sopra Steria’s original core business, and
covers all aspects of the information system life cycle and major
transformation programmes. Sopra Steria is equipped to address
the full range of its clients’ software asset needs:

Design and integration

Sopra Steria’s teams help their clients implement agile and
industrial-scale projects. The Group undertakes to design and deliver
systems in line with business requirements that are flexible and
adapted to the new requirements of digital transformation as well
as sector-specific regulatory constraints. This is made possible by
working closely with the Sopra Steria Consulting teams.

Performance and transformation

In addition to standard information systems maintenance,
Sopra Steria takes a continuous transformation approach to these
systems to guarantee optimised operational efficiency for its clients,
suited to changes in their business. The transformation approach
includes a well-equipped and documented procedure making it
possible to combine the issues involved in reducing the time to
market with improved competitiveness and continuity of service.

Streamlining data flow

Once the systems and technologies are implemented, the
information system gives access to reliable, relevant and critical
data, offering better analysis of user satisfaction and optimisation of
service performance.

With the increasing number of diverse data sources relating to
fundamental changes in use, data is a more valuable to the
company than ever. To increase the value of this data, Sopra Steria
has developed specific know-how and expertise to manage the
exponential growth in data volumes and associated skills (data
science, smart machines, automation, artificial intelligence) by
integrating them in a global solution, securing the data regardless
of its origin (mobile devices, smart objects, data privacy, the cloud,
multimodal and multichannel systems, etc.) and using the data by
means of contextualised algorithms.

The Group’s systems integration offering thus meets the challenges
posed by both the obsolescence and modernisation of information
systems, ensuring optimal flexibility and value creation.

Product lifecycle management (PLM)

CIMPA provides comprehensive expertise via its PLM offering, which
covers all the various facets of PLM services:

= PLM strategy creation or optimisation;
= deployment of strategy-related tools, processes or methods;
= user training and support.

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 2l


--- Page 21 ---

“lll ~BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Sopra Steria’s activities

4.1.2. INFRASTRUCTURE MANAGEMENT AND CLOUD

SERVICES — 10% OF 2020 REVENUE

With over 5,000 experts worldwide and more than 15 years’
experience in developing our outsourcing service centres in Europe
and India, Sopra Steria — a leader in the hybridisation of
information systems and a major player in digital transformation —
provides support for all technological, organisational and
security-focused information system transformation projects, from
consulting to execution, in the IT and cloud _ infrastructure
management sector.

This area of expertise covers three service categories that are
essential to support information system transformation for our
clients:

= Infrastructure and Cloud Services, a comprehensive range of
solutions spanning all customisable services relating to the cloud,
including CloudAssessment, CloudMigrationFactory,
CloudArchitecture, CloudEconomics and CloudOps, as well as all
IT services relating to servers, networks, storage and backup, with
the aim of optimising the availability and performance of our
clients’ applications. This is in addition to our hosting services
within our data centres in Europe, which feature ISO 27001 and
HDS (French healthcare data hosting) certification. Our catalogue
of integrated services lets us provide end-to-end management of
our clients’ applications in hybrid environments, as well as
changes to these applications and interconnections with
applications hosted in the cloud.

User Experience Services, an intelligent services platform to
better serve our clients’ employees and enhance the effectiveness
of client services, including digital workplace, technological and
business support and Al services.

Consulting Services, a set of value propositions for the
co-management and operation of our clients’ transformation
projects, provided across the other service categories listed above.

Combining consulting, architecture and multimodal delivery, our
teams work more specifically on transformation and managed
services projects in private, public and hybrid cloud environments.
At Sopra Steria, we also assist our clients with their strategic
cloud-native, cloud-first or “data centre-less” — initiatives.
Sopra Steria deploys and operates proven and customisable
solutions for post go-live optimisation, continuity of service and
data management, ranging from DevSecOps services, live services
and API services to smart data services, in order to ensure reliability
and a high level of application availability.

4.1.3. CYBERSECURITY SERVICES

With around 1000 experts and several state-of-the-art cybersecurity
centres in Europe and worldwide (France, United Kingdom,
Singapore, Norway, Belgium, Poland, India), Sopra Steria is a global
player in protecting critical systems and sensitive information assets
for major institutional and private clients.

Cybersecurity covers six key areas of expertise:

= Cyber Resilience, which comprises crisis management
(anticipating or following up on a major security incident) at the
levels of the Executive Committee, Information Systems
Department and CISO, and complex remediation including partial
or complete reconstruction of the IT system;

Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC): High value-added
consulting service offerings coupled with GRC solution
integration in order to provide well-equipped security governance
focused on managing business risks. In the area of regulatory
compliance, Sopra Steria’s comprehensive support to ensure

22 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

compliance with major French and European regulations
(LPM/NIS, CNIL/GDPR, export control, etc.) is based on the legal
and operational expertise of our consultants;

= Application Security: A complete programme for securing
applications, including a “Security by Design” project approach
and a unique code review as a service (CRaaS) production
capacity made possible by our cybersecurity centres;

Cloud Security services: Sopra Steria Cloud Security Services
covers compliance with the frameworks concerned, “secure by
design” principles, application security and overall monitoring of
public cloud and multi-cloud environments;

Data Security: A comprehensive programme, extending from
business-related risks to protection and surveillance measures,
designed for hybrid environments (legacy, cloud) and leveraging
the best of big data and data science technologies;

Security Intelligence Centre (SIC): A scalable Security
Operations Centre (SOC) offering that may be used by the
organisations known in France as opérateurs d'importance vitale,
or OlVs (identified by the French state as having activities that are
vital or hazardous for the population), in line with Sopra Steria’s
certification as an authorised security incident detection service
provider (PDIS) by the ANSSI, the French networks and
information security agency. The leading offering of its kind in
France, this type of SOC combines information management and
artificial intelligence to anticipate, detect, analyse and respond to
cyberattacks as quickly and accurately as possible.

This comprehensive offering is suited for any environment and
provides a tangible solution for the security issues specific to
industrial systems.

4.1.4. DEVELOPMENT OF BUSINESS SOLUTIONS —

15% OF 2020 REVENUE

Sopra Steria offers its business expertise to clients via packaged
solutions in three areas: banks and other financial institutions via
Sopra Banking Software, human resources personnel via Sopra HR
Software, and real estate owners and agents with its property
management solutions. The Group offers its clients the most
powerful solutions, in line with their objectives and representing the
state of the art in terms of technology, know-how and expertise in
each of these three areas.

Sopra Banking Software: Solutions developer for the
financial services industry

Drawing on its technologies and the strength of its commitment,
Sopra Banking Software, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group,
supports its clients — financial institutions — all over the world on a
daily basis.

The customer experience, operational excellence, cost control,
compliance and risk reduction are among the key transformation
priorities for:

= banks in Europe and Africa: from direct- and branch-based retail
banks and private banks to microfinance companies, Islamic
financial institutions and centralised payment or credit factories;

= financing and lending institutions around the world: serving
individuals and companies, the automotive and capital goods
sectors, as well as equipment and real estate leasing and even
market financing.

With over 5,000 experts and 55 offices worldwide, Sopra Banking
Software addresses its clients’ challenges across all geographies and
in all business areas, covering issues such as communicating new
offerings, the quality of customer relationships, production,
accounting integration and regulatory reporting.


--- Page 22 ---

Solutions

Sopra Banking Software offers two kinds of services: Sopra Banking
Platform, intended to respond to banks’ day-to-day needs, and
Sopra Financing Platform, which specialises in managing financing.

= SBP is a banking processing platform that relies on an
architecture of independent and pre-integrated business
components. It makes it possible to manage all banking
operations (deposits and savings, management of the loan life
cycle, payments, reporting) and offer innovative features in a
digital and mobile environment;

SFP is a flexible and robust financing management platform able
to deal with all types of financing tools within the framework of
advanced process automation.

These solutions can be used either on-site at the client’s premises,
on the cloud (public or private) or in SaaS mode.

Services

An end-to-end provider, Sopra Banking Software offers solutions as
well as consulting, implementation, maintenance and _ training
services. This means that financial institutions are able to maintain
their day-to-day operations while shifting towards greater
innovation and agility, with the aim of securing sustainable growth.
Through its market-leading solutions backed by more than 50 years
of experience in its field, Sopra Banking Software is committed to
working with its clients and staff to build the financial world of the
future.

Sopra HR Software: a market leader in human resource
management

Sopra Steria Group also develops human resource management
solutions via Sopra HR Software (a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Sopra Steria). Sopra HR Software is present in 10 countries,
providing comprehensive HR solutions perfectly suited to the needs
of human resources departments. Sopra HR Software currently has
a workforce of 1,800 people and manages the payrolls of
900 clients with over 12 million employees.

Sopra HR Software is a partner for successful digital transformation
of companies and anticipates new generations of HR solutions.

Solutions

The Sopra HR Software offerings are based on the most innovative
business practices and cover a wide range of functions, including
core HR, payroll, time and activity tracking, talent management,
staff experience, and HR analytics. The offering is based on two
product lines, HR Access” and Pléiades”, aimed at large and
medium-sized public or private organisations in any sector and of
varying organisational complexity, irrespective of their location

Within Sopra HR Lab, the Group anticipates the best of new HR
solutions.

Services

Sopra HR Software, a comprehensive service provider, offers a
number of services linked to its solution offering. Sopra HR Software
supports its clients throughout their projects, from consulting
through to implementation, including staff training, maintenance
and business process services (BPS).

Sopra HR Software implements its own solutions either on-premise
or in the cloud and also offers a wide range of managed services.

Property Management Solutions by Sopra Steria: The
leading name in digital transformation for Property
Management

Sopra Steria is the leading developer, distributor, integrator, and
service manager of property management software in France. At the

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES EEE

Sopra Steria’s activities

cutting edge of digital technologies, it offers major public and
private sector players in real estate (institutional investors, social
housing operators, property management firms and major users)
the most comprehensive information system available on the
market.

Today, Property Management Solutions by Sopra Steria’s teams of
more than 700 experts guide its 457 clients in delivering on their
digital ambitions to improve returns for their real estate assets,
optimise practices, and build better relations with tenants and
service providers, in full observance of laws and regulations.

Property Management Solutions by Sopra Steria adds additional
value through its unique knowledge of business processes in the
sector as well as the co-construction approaches put in place with
its clients.

Solutions

Real Estate Solutions by Sopra Steria offers a digital services
platform built around an open, shared real estate reference
framework that accommodates the practices of all players to ensure
a successful user experience

Services

Property Management Solutions by Sopra Steria supports its clients
with an end-to-end service offering, from consulting to integration
and managed services.

4.1.5. BUSINESS PROCESS SERVICES —
15% OF 2020 REVENUE

Sopra Steria offers a full range of business process services (BPS)
solutions: consulting for the identification of target operating
models, development of transition and transformation plans, and
managed services.

Today, our BPS offering goes hand in hand with digital
transformation. Digital technologies have opened up opportunities
for improving key business processes in all organisations. Whether
they involve robotics, chatbots, automatic natural language
processing (NLP) or artificial intelligence (Al) more widely, digital
technologies can streamline the execution of processes, cut their
costs and lead to new approaches.

Sopra Steria has forged relationships with major providers of digital
solutions for BPS. Furthermore, we enjoy a strong presence in the
technology ecosystem, both in France and worldwide. We thus have
access to a dynamic network of partners as well as a singular ability
to identify innovative solutions owing to our connections with the
world of technology startups. We combine our own platforms with
those of our technology partners to provide the right level of
innovation within our design/production/operation services. Our
specialised design teams work to ensure the best possible client
experience for end-users and we offer our clients ways to
considerably improve process efficiency by leveraging intelligent
automation and machine learning. Thanks to our technology assets,
we are helping to develop tomorrow's operating models.

Sopra Steria employs many consultants and practising professionals
with expertise in BPS and the digital sector. They help organisations
make the best use of new digital technologies to transform their
activities, from their operating models to their processes and
end-user services. Our ability to handle transformation in both its
human and business dimensions allows us to support our clients
wherever their digital journey takes them, helping them to move
from a theoretical perspective on possible solutions to a focus on
specific technologies. We eliminate inefficient practices, reorganise
tasks and improve results for each activity entrusted to us, whether
it involves individual business processes or highly complex shared
services. Added to this is the experience of our employees in change

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 23


--- Page 23 ---

“lll ~BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Sopra Steria’s activities

management, which is essential to the success of any
transformation. In the various BPS areas, we can provide the services
ourselves or work in tandem with the client's personnel to carry out
the engagement. In these cases, we invest in these individuals to
help them become more effective and productive, sharing our best
practices with them

Sopra Steria operates two of the largest shared service centres in
Europe, taking charge of multiple business processes each day on
behalf of end-clients.

4.2. Business expertise at the heart of
our strategy

Sopra Steria has chosen eight major vertical markets that constitute
its areas of excellence and make up 90% of revenue. The Group has
a comprehensive offering in each of these fields, meeting the
specific challenges of its clients.

4.2.1. BANKING — 26% OF 2020 REVENUE

The banking and financial services sector has entered a new era,
that of Open Banking. Client demands and regulatory pressures are
constantly increasing and new market entrants (fintech companies,
the “Big Four” tech companies, retail and telecoms players, etc.) are
helping to accelerate transformations in this ecosystem, moving it
toward greater openness, a paradigm shift often referred to as the
Open Banking revolution.

Faced with these new challenges, Sopra Steria aims to be a partner
for banks, helping to facilitate and accelerate this transformation.

With three core areas of expertise — understanding of the banking
sector, its clients and the most innovative technologies — the Group
offers powerful and agile software solutions, as well as their
application by means of value-added use. The Group and _ its
subsidiary Sopra Banking Software provide comprehensive solutions
and turn changes in the banking world into opportunities for their
clients, whether in risk management, regulatory compliance, data
protection, improving the customer experience, optimising
performance, delivering differentiation or identifying new sources of
income.

4.2.2. PUBLIC SECTOR — 25% OF 2020 REVENUE

Faced with new expectations from civil society and businesses, the
need to optimise their expenditure, the obligation to keep up with
regulatory changes and driven by a wave of reforms, public sector
entities are continuing the broad-based transformation of their
activities, organisations and the services offered to their users.

When digital technology is a force for change, Sopra Steria
provides solutions in two main categories: (i) the digitisation of
government services, the re-engineering of processes and, more
generally, the modernisation of business-specific information
systems via digital transformation programmes, and (ii) the pooling
of support functions for central government agencies, local
authorities, and key providers in the health and welfare sectors.

As a result, public sector organisations can ensure that they meet
their targets and priorities at the lowest cost, while giving their
information system the agility it requires to meet the high
expectations from civil society and agents.

4.2.3. AEROSPACE, DEFENCE AND HOMELAND
SECURITY — 16% OF 2020 REVENUE

a. Aerospace

The aeronautics and space sector is a particularly fertile ground for
innovation. It is subject to constraints regarding reliability,

24 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

availability, security and performance, which require suppliers to
have full command of the technologies and processes implemented,
as well as a thorough understanding of their different clients’ core
businesses.

For optimal service, companies operating in this sector must align
their capacities with the pace of production and optimise their
processes and information systems while also improving
profitability. Digital continuity and the ability to manage the
product life cycle, from design to manufacture and after-sales
services, are crucial. Sopra Steria’s acquisition in 2015 of CIMPA, a
specialist in product lifecycle management, makes total sense in this
context particularly as it was followed in 2017 by the acquisition of
2MoRO, extending the Group's offering in aerospace maintenance
activities.

To meet these challenges, Sopra Steria’s expertise comes into play
in such critical areas as industrial efficiency, manufacturing and
particularly the shop floor, supply chain, on-board systems and air
traffic control

b. Defence

In a tense geopolitical context, marked by the rise of new threats to
states (cybercrime, terrorism, etc.), defence departments must
improve their effectiveness while taking into account budgetary
constraints. It has become essential to optimise the interoperability
and security of critical operational systems for exchanging real-time
information

With over 40 years’ experience in supporting the military in Europe,
Sopra Steria combines pragmatism and innovation, thanks to
powerful technological and process solutions:

= interoperability and security of military systems;
efficiency and overall effectiveness of the armed forces;
supply (supply

chain chain

efficiency of the
management);

military

reliability of operational information and communication systems;

control over costs and the complexity of ensuring compliance for
command and control systems.

c. Homeland security

Sopra Steria supports public authorities in meeting the challenges
of homeland security. The Group operates in 24 countries, serving
many different organisations: police, emergency services, border
control, justice, customs and homeland security services.

Sopra Steria carries out large-scale, complex and critical projects on
behalf of these organisations, concerning:

= survey management and information processing;
= road safety;
automation of command and control solutions;

management of identity documents, security credentials, and civil
and criminal biometrics;

modernisation of court- and prison-related administration;

intelligent, distributed computer systems;
infrastructure security;

mobile technologies to optimise operations on the ground.

In addition, the Group has developed innovative solutions specific to
the security sector, to meet the challenges and requirements of
clients in this field (biometrics, mobile technology, fingerprint and
genetic footprint search engines, implementing secure cloud
solutions etc.)


--- Page 24 ---

4.2.4. ENERGY AND UTILITIES — 6% OF 2020

REVENUE

In response to the European Union’s target of becoming
carbon-neutral by 2050, companies in the energy sector face the
need to:

limit their own environmental impacts and those of their clients;

take advantage of increasingly cost-competitive renewable energy
sources, take on the industrial challenge of low-carbon nuclear
energy and develop energy storage solutions;

adapt transportation and distribution networks to the energy
transition;

expand and enrich their portfolios of products and services;

align themselves with European stimulus plans associated with
the EU’s Green Deal.

In a context of strategic choices to be made between integration
and specialisation, investment priorities focused on the regulated
arena or the competitive sector, and the extent of
internationalisation, digitisation is fast becoming the inevitable
route to step up transformation for players in this sector.

Sopra Steria supports energy suppliers and utilities in their strategic
responses to trends affecting a number of areas:

experience and client acquisition: reinventing customer relations
and designing new services;

optimisation of asset performance: controlling operating costs
and securing performance;

modernisation of networks: accompanying the decentralisation
and the digitisation of energy networks;

platform company: organising, sharing and creating value from
data and processes across the company and its ecosystems;

transformation and_ resilience of organisations: facilitating
changes in organisations and business lines to promote agility.
4.2.5. TELECOMS, MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT
— 4% OF 2020 REVENUE

The telecoms, media and entertainment sector is at the centre of
the digital revolution, for two reasons:

= it supports the digitisation of all the other verticals, in particular
by feeding the data collected from billions of objects to
algorithms;

= it also serves as the testing ground for the implementation of
new technologies and uses as part of a platform-based business
model.

Sopra Steria serves the transformation goals of its clients in relation
to the following main challenges:

= Deployment of new infrastructures: fibre and 5G to help
meet countries’ industrial requirements by providing them with
very high-speed fixed and mobile connectivity;

Infrastructure management: moving from a configurable to a
programmable approach for essential infrastructure, such as the
cloud, SDN/NFV and most recently 5G;

Automation: so that the company is able to interact in real time,
in particular thanks to Al, with all members of its ecosystem
(customers, suppliers, partners, employees, infrastructures);
Greater business agility: making it easier to readapt, readjust
and realign the company and its organisational structures to
better seize new opportunities and also to further improve the
engagement of managers and their teams in service of clients;
Digitisation of services: laying down the fundamentals of the
platform-based business, thus moving to fully digital and
end-to-end solutions, from client to infrastructure;

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES EEE

Sopra Steria’s activities

= Core media business: taking up new models, such as SVOD,
AVOD, content aggregation, targeted advertising and 4K;

= Core gaming business: customer retention and churn, fraud
reduction and control over cash flows, compliance with
regulations, digitisation of distribution channels.

4.2.6. TRANSPORT — 5% OF 2020 REVENUE

The transport sector is undergoing far-reaching changes and must
meet new challenges: growing international and urban traffic, new
modes of transport (carpooling, low-cost operators, long-distance
buses, free-floating systems for car, bike and scooter sharing, to
name a few), the inescapable renovation of ageing networks, while
preparing for the opening to competition and the arrival of new
digital players (Google, Uber, BlaBlaCar, etc.).

Faced with these major challenges, the transport sector must strive
to provide door-to-door, multimodal services (rail and underground,
bicycles, taxis, buses, scooters) with a low carbon footprint,
adopting a passenger-centric approach

In transport, our aim is to be the digital transformation partner for
the main players across the three key business dimensions of their
value chain: innovation in the passenger experience to achieve
greater simplicity and fluidity, operational management of resources
to ensure more robust offerings, and better use of capital assets
(fleets, infrastructure).

Our ambition is also to be a recognised player in mobility
ecosystems: mobility platforms, autonomous shuttles/vehicles, and
smart cities.

Sopra Steria has developed business know-how in all of these fields
based on four main themes:

= infrastructure management: asset management, preventive and
predictive maintenance (e.g. industrial loT), factory 4.0 or factory
of the future, maintenance of aeroplanes and rolling stock,
mobility, paperless records, etc.;

traffic management: from timetable design to transport planning,
rolling stock management, and supervision of rail, road and air
traffic;

™ passenger experience: mobile ticketing, boarding and access
control, passenger information, and new services in stations and
airports;

transport services tailored to smart cities: mass transit, sustainable
urban logistics, multimodal urban mobility services (Maas),
collaborative mobility management.

Its digital expertise is recognised in the world of transportation,
particularly as regards transportation big data expertise,
management of connected objects, consulting and factory
migration to cloud solutions, and of course artificial intelligence.

Sopra Steria is one of Europe’s top 10 digital services companies in
business and information system transformation for major clients in
the rail, urban transport, postal services and aviation sectors.

4.2.7. INSURANCE — 5% OF 2020 REVENUE

The insurance sector is fiercely competitive due to the increasing
standardisation of offers, structurally low long-term interest rates
and the escalating regulatory burden. At the same time, clients, and
particularly millennials, are exhibiting new behaviours, with a shift in
expectation toward the hyper-personalisation of products and
services.

In this increasingly competitive global context, leading insurers
continue to look to consolidation and transformation as the way
forward. To set themselves apart, they are developing extended
services and are taking into account the new risks associated with

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 25


--- Page 25 ---

“lll ~BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Strategy and objectives

use (as opposed to ownership) of property, the rise of service
business models, the sharing economy and cybersecurity.

Sopra Steria offers its clients a comprehensive solution for the
implementation of new business models, support for strategic plans
and digital transformation to put in place a_platform-based
approach, seen as essential to open the business and its information
system to new partnerships and services across an extended value
chain

4.2.8. RETAIL— 3% OF 2020 REVENUE

Retailers face a challenging business environment as well as
profound and continual changes in the shopping habits of
customers, who increasingly use digital technology. To remain
competitive, transformation is essential. The aim is to secure and
better manage retail business practices while offering a real ability

Strategy and objectives

5.1. Corporate plan reaffirmed

despite the Covid-19 crisis

The Covid-19 crisis and its economic consequences have prompted
the Group to think about the new outlook for its market and
reassess the relevance of its corporate plan for the years ahead.

MARKET OUTLOOK:

Although it has inevitably curbed IT investment in the short to
medium term in the hardest hit sectors (tourism/hotels/restaurants,
events, transportation and the aeronautics industry, in particular),
the crisis has highlighted the extent to which digital technology
helps to make companies and public authorities resilient, ensuring
that their processes continue to operate, maintaining their ability to
interact with their entire ecosystem (particularly for the selling and
provision of remote services) and improving their operating
performance.

The health, organisational and economic effects of the crisis are
tending to push many companies and public authorities — apart
from in the most severely affected sectors — to step up their digital
transformation by focusing in the short to medium term on the
projects that are most important to ensuring their resilience, in
particular migrating IT systems to the cloud = and
digitisation/automation of processes.

However, the need to keep their budgets balanced could prompt
some, for the duration of the crisis, to postpone certain projects
based on breakthrough innovation and reduce the cost of running
their processes and legacy systems to the bare minimum.

Furthermore, all company stakeholders are continuing to raise their
expectations in terms of corporate social responsibility, a trend that
has been amplified by the Covid-19 crisis, primarily on a social level
but also with respect to the environment.

Lastly, the difficulties encountered by a certain number of specialist
and/or medium-size operators in coping with the crisis are likely to
result in acceleration in the consolidation process, which could
“reshuffle the cards” among digital services companies and
software developers.

26 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

to innovate to meet consumer demand for immediate and flexible
services.

Sopra Steria assists retailers with their digital transformation and
has developed knowledge and experience in multi-channel
commerce, optimisation of logistics chains and understanding client
needs. In this way, the business processes and information systems
of these companies become a lever for performance.

4.3. Research and Development
in Solutions

The Group has continued its R&D efforts, investing €130.5 million
in 2020 (versus €109.3 million in 2019) in developing and
expanding its business solutions. These are gross amounts and do
not take into account funding related to the French R&D tax credit
(CAR).

CONCLUSION:

Within this context, while at the operational level the Group may
need to temporarily limit growth in its resources and redistribute
them according to how the situation develops in different business
sectors, on a strategic level, the Group has reaffirmed its corporate
plan, is continuing with its transformation, and is ready to adopt an
aggressive acquisition policy.

5.2. Strong and original positioning
in Europe

Sopra Steria’s ambition is to be a European leader in digital
transformation. Its high value-added solutions, delivered by
applying an end-to-end approach to transformation, enable its
clients to make the best use of digital technology to innovate,
transform their models (business as well as operating models), and
optimise their performance.

The Group's aim is to be the benchmark partner for large public
authorities, financial and industrial operators and strategic
companies in the main countries in which it operates.

To achieve this aim, Sopra Steria continues to strengthen its key
competitive advantages:

business software solutions which, when combined with the
Group’s full range of services, make its offering unique;

a position among the leaders in the financial services vertical
(core banking and specialist lenders) bolstered by the success of
the Sopra Banking Software solutions;

very close relationships with its clients, thanks to its roots in the
regions where it operates and its ability to meet core business
requirements without taking the prescriptive approach favoured
by certain global providers;

a strong European footprint with numerous locations in many of
the region’s countries which, when combined with these close
relationships, raises its profile among large public authorities and
strategic companies throughout Europe as a trusted and
preferred partner for all projects involving digital sovereignty.


--- Page 26 ---

Lastly, the Group's mission statement — formally adopted in 2019 —
reflects both its values and its desire to help meet the sustainable
development goals of its stakeholders and society at large:
“Together, building a positive future by making digital work for
people.”

5.3. Confirmed objectives and priority
action areas

5.3.1. DEVELOPMENT OF SOLUTIONS

The Group, currently France’s number-two enterprise software
developer, confirms its medium-term target of bringing the share of
its solution development and integration activities to 20% of its
revenue. Efforts will continue to be focused on enriching the
Group's solutions, adapting them to cloud systems, leveraging
APl-based access to data and services, integrating new digital
technologies, developing managed services, and expanding
operations into new geographic markets.

The development of Sopra Banking Software, whose aim is to
conquer markets beyond Europe, remains a priority. The Group also
continues to strengthen its leading position in human resource
management and property management solutions. With organic
growth as the preferred strategy, the Group remains on the lookout
for acquisition opportunities.

5.3.2. DEVELOPMENT OF CONSULTING ACTIVITIES

In order to position itself even more securely with client
decision-makers at the business department level, the Group is
continuing its move up the value chain in consulting, and confirms
its medium-term target of bringing the share of these activities to
15% of revenue. To do this, it is gradually developing a range of
consulting services and capacity in all of the regions in which it
operates, using a model that favours synergies with the Group’s
other business lines. Consulting will thus spearhead the digital
transformation of business lines and information systems for the
Group’s clients, while positioning its other IT services activities
within an end-to-end approach to this transformation. The priorities
in this area are upstream consulting (e.g. digital strategy, operating
strategy, IT strategy), digital expertise and business expertise in each
vertical market, especially in financial services. The notoriety of the
Sopra Steria Next brand, created in 2019 to promote the Group’s
digital transformation consulting expertise, has benefited from this.
In France, it is also bolstered by the Group’s decision to integrate its
CSR mission into its consulting activities. This mission, built around
the idea of digital ethics, is backed by a dedicated communications
plan

5.3.3. . ACCELERATION IN DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY

Sopra Steria has successfully completed numerous digital projects.
Its experience has allowed it to offer a holistic approach to digital
transformation to the market, based on a series of best practices,
with the ultimate goal of creating the “platform company”.

To step up its commitment to digital technology, the Group is
continuing to invest with the goal of:

= being at the cutting edge of the market in all of its services and
business models;

= strengthening its technology assets;
= transforming its operating models;

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES EEE

Strategy and objectives

= educating all of its employees in digital culture, practices and
skills;

= keeping an eye on the market in order to clarify its digital strategy
and target the best digital partners.

Digitisation of offerings and business model adaptation

The Group is gradually adapting its solutions to factor in advances
in digital technology in a number of key areas, such as the
customer/user experience, analytics, Al, APIs etc, and to take
account in their architecture of changes in client needs, such as
growing use of the (hybrid) cloud, increasing demand for
software-as-a-service and the gradual adoption of the platform
company model (particularly in the financial sector).

The same approach is being applied for each of the Group’s service
activities — Consulting, Application Services (Build and Application
Management), Infrastructure Management, Cybersecurity, Business
Process Services — with the following Group objectives:

= using the potential of new technologies — analytics, Al/machine
learning, smart machines, blockchain, loT, augmented/virtual
reality etc. — to benefit its clients through innovative applications;

driving its clients’ transformation from its current position: for
example, the Application Management offering has evolved to
encompass the end-to-end transformation of processes and the
corresponding modernisation of existing IT systems, including
connecting digital technologies with legacy systems and
migrating all or some of the IT system to the cloud;

presenting new end-to-end approaches: providing strategic
support for platform-based transformations at large companies
and public authorities, implementing digital continuity in
industrial value chains, building service platforms, overseeing the
cloud-based and digital transformation of information systems,
etc.

The digitisation of offerings and, more broadly speaking, changing
client expectations, have led the Group to adapt its business
models. The Group will thus be selling more and more solutions
operated on behalf of clients and, in services, increasingly leveraging
intellectual property (reusable components, implementation
accelerators, etc.). It will thus generate more recurring revenue
through its solutions, with less of a direct connection to the size of
its workforce in services.

Technology assets

The Group is continually investing in the exploration of new ideas
and expertise in architectures, and in emerging digital and cloud
technologies and uses, relying on its teams of “digital champions”
(experts led by the Group's Chief Technology Officer).

At the same time, all necessary resources are being designed and
put in place to rapidly develop and operate digital solutions on
behalf of the Group’s clients that are natively designed to function
in hybrid cloud environments:

= the Digital Enablement Platform (DEP), the technical foundation
for building or modernising IT systems (designed to be able to
interact with components of Amplify, Axway’s hybrid integration
platform), an industrial DevOps chain and an environment to
capitalise on and search for reusable software components, a
private cloud that can be extended to the main public clouds;

implementation accelerators for new digital technologies (smart
machines, Al/machine learning, blockchain, loT, etc.);

digital factories to enable service offerings combining consulting
and software (e.g. migrating information systems to the cloud).

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 27


--- Page 27 ---

“lll ~BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Strategy and objectives

Transformation of operating models

The Group is gradually changing the operating model for its services

and R&D activities (by integrating its aforementioned technology

assets)

= extensive experience with agile projects (including many in
collaboration with offshore and nearshore centres);

rollout of processes and resources (software and digital factories)
for industrialisation, automation and reusable components
developed to boost productivity and quality for IT services and
R&D activities.

In particular, this involves greater use of smart machines (robotic
process automation, intelligent automation, virtual assistants) in
the Group’s recurring service activities (in connection with its
Business Process Services, Infrastructure © Management,
Application Management and Support offerings) as well as
expanding the reuse of existing technology- or industry-specific
software components (IP blocks, open source) and the use of
low-code/no-code development platforms for the building of
solutions;

transformation in line with the production model of each activity
(distribution of roles between the onshore production teams, the
service centres, and the offshore and nearshore R&D teams).

Skills development

To accompany its transformation, the Group is
considerable effort to train its employees and managers:

making a

= expansion of its training offering: introductory and more
advanced courses on all digital/cloud technologies, training on
new digital practises and new industrial environments, training
on the digitised services provided by the Group;

= digitisation of training resources: virtual training rooms, in-house
e-learning and access to MOOC-style learning platforms.

Innovation

Numerous initiatives are being encouraged to promote and enhance
innovation, such as the Group’s digital champions keeping an eye
on technology advances and uses, innovation imperatives assigned
to project teams, internal innovation competitions to develop new
digital uses, hackathons open to clients and partners, as well as
platforms for digital demonstrations, brainstorming, co-design,
rapid development and technology intelligence open to clients,
employees and partners (DigiLabs at all the Group’s major locations
and a Next centre at its registered office), etc.

Ecosystem of partners

Special efforts are being made to establish targeted partnerships
with leading players in the digital ecosystem by vertical and by
major technology area (startups and niche players, institutions of
higher education and research laboratories, top software
development companies, tech giants, etc.). It is within this
framework that a strategic partnership has been forged with Axway.

In order to ensure effective market intelligence, a collaborative
startup observatory is made available to the Group’s teams of digital
champions and all its managers.

In certain very specific cases relating to its digital strategy, the
Group may directly or indirectly take equity stakes (through
specialised funds) in young startups that it considers as the most
innovative in the market, applying a corporate venturing approach.

28 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

5.3.4. TARGETING OF SPECIFIC VERTICALS

Focused business development

To support the positioning it has in view, the Group is continuing its
policy targeting specific vertical markets, key accounts and business
areas in all countries where it operates.

There are eight priority verticals that currently account for the
majority of revenue: Financial Services, Public Sector, Aerospace,
Defence & Homeland Security, Energy & Utilities, Telecoms & Media,
Transport, Insurance, and Retail.

For each vertical, the Group selects a small number of key accounts
(fewer than 100 at Group level), focuses on a few different business
areas in which it aims to secure a leading position and implements
an inter-entity coordination system for the different countries and
subsidiaries concerned.

Some of these verticals are considered particularly strategic. The
Group has very clear strengths in several countries (broad position,
IT and business expertise, replicable experiences etc.). The
transformation needs of businesses, public authorities and
ecosystems in place are considerable and rely on similar solutions
from one country to the next. These verticals are eligible for
corporate investment or external growth transactions. This is the
case in particular for Financial Services and Defence & Homeland
Security.

End-to-end vertical offerings

In order to achieve its leadership objective in its targeted verticals
and business areas, the Group mobilises the development efforts of
its various entities to build end-to-end value propositions as well as
offerings of business solutions designed to address the business
challenges faced by its major clients. As an example, the Group
applies this approach to meet digital continuity challenges in the
aerospace value chain.

Particular emphasis is placed on the financial services vertical, for
which the Group offers comprehensive responses to productivity
issues and the challenges brought about by “platformisation” in the
core banking and specialist lending sectors. These responses are
based on Sopra Banking Software’s solutions and the Group’s full
range of consulting activities and services.

5.3.5. ACQUISITION STRATEGY

In addition to regular targeted acquisitions in order to enhance its
offering and expertise or strengthen its position in certain regions,
the Group is ready to play an active role in market consolidation,
which will inevitably be boosted by the Covid-19 crisis. In this
context, it will be able to carry out larger acquisitions.

5.3.6. INTEGRATING THE GROUP’S CSR AMBITIONS
INTO ITS STRATEGY

To fulfill the mission it has adopted, achieve the targets set in this

regard and respond to its clients’ growing demands, the Group is

gradually factoring social and environmental concerns into its

strategy in three main areas:

= Digital ethics: Sopra Steria promotes a responsible approach in
its consulting services.

= Green IT: the Group's different business lines work to assess and
optimise the environmental impact of the digital solutions they
offer, build and operate for their clients (as part of a “green IT”
approach)

= IT for Green: the Group’s activities in this area help clients address
their sustainability priorities, using new technologies to develop
innovative environmentally and climate-friendly solutions.


--- Page 28 ---

5.4. Medium-term strategic objectives

Sopra Steria’s strategy is built around its independent corporate
plan focused on sustainable value creation for its stakeholders. This
European plan is underpinned by expansion through organic and
acquisition-led growth. Its goal is to generate substantial added
value by harnessing a comprehensive range of powerful consulting
and software solutions deployed using an end-to-end approach and
capitalising on our combined technology and_ sector-specific
expertise.

6.1. Comments on 2020 performance

2020 was marked by two exceptional events: the Covid-19
pandemic starting in March, and a cyberattack in October. These
two events had a significant impact on the Group’s business
activity. Measures imposing lockdowns and restricting people’s
movement led to a decline in business under existing contracts and
new orders. The aeronautics and transport industries, in particular,
contracted between 20% and 30% starting in the second quarter.
The response to the cyberattack involved information and
production systems being unavailable to varying degrees over a
period of several weeks in the fourth quarter. The negative impact
on 2020 business activity of these two events is estimated at around
10 points of growth. The cyberattack itself had a negative 1 point
impact on revenue and a negative 0.2 point impact on the
operating margin on business activity.

In spite of this challenging context, Sopra Steria was highly
resilient. The negative organic growth in revenue was limited to
4.8%. The decline in the operating margin on business activity was
limited to 1 point and free cash flow was highly resilient, at €203.5
million, although it was boosted by the favourable impact of
around €50 million in non-recurring items. In addition, at 31
December 2020, average consultant downtime had returned to
normal levels.

2020 Full-year results

The resilience the Group has shown is due to several factors.
First of all, recurring activities (business process services, IT
infrastructure management, application maintenance and software
maintenance) make up around 40% of revenue. Next, the Group’s
sales strategy focuses on clients it has identified as strategic, which
are mainly large accounts and public authorities (the public sector
makes up around 30% of revenue). Lastly, the Group’s team spirit
and entrepreneurial culture facilitated rapid decision-making and
measures to adapt to a changing environment. Cost-saving plans,
for example, were rapidly launched.

Particular attention was paid to human_ resource
management. Keeping staff informed and social dialogue were a
fundamental priority. The use of state aid programmes was limited
and responsible. The Group’s priority was preserving skills and jobs,
especially in the sectors most affected by declines in business
activity, thanks to training and internal mobility.

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES EEE

2020 Full-year results

This plan is set within an upbeat market for digital services, which
have been boosted for several years now by demand for digital
transformation on the part of businesses and institutions looking to
increase their resilience.

Within this context, over the medium term, Sopra Steria is targeting
compound annual organic revenue growth of between 4% and 6%,
an operating margin on business activity of around 10%, and free
cash flow of between 5% and 7% of revenue.

In parallel, Sopra Steria continued to implement its strategic
plan: product development for Sopra Financing Platform and Sopra
Banking Platform, shifting activities in the United Kingdom to a
platform-based model, building up the Sopra Steria Next consulting
brand, industrialisation, and targeted acquisitions to reinforce
insurance activities in France and in digital banking for Sopra
Banking Software. A plan aimed at achieving zero net emissions by
2028 was also announced

DETAILS ON 2020 OPERATING PERFORMANCE

Consolidated revenue totalled €4,262.9 million, down 3.9%.
Changes in scope had a positive impact of €76.1 million, and
currency fluctuations had a negative impact of €33.5 million. The
negative organic growth in revenue came to 4.8%. Excluding
exceptional items, Q3 and Q4 showed an improvement in business
activity compared with the low point observed in Q2.

Operating profit on business activity came to €300.2 million
(€354.3 million in 2019), equating to a margin of 7.0% (8.0% in
2019).

The France reporting unit (39% of the Group’s revenue)
generated revenue of €1,655.6 million, representing negative
organic growth of 10.2%. It was particularly affected by external
factors (pandemic and cyberattack) due to the structure of its
activity and the significance of the aeronautics sector (20% of the
reporting unit’s revenue in Q1 2020; revenue down 20%
year-on-year). Conversely, the public sector was highly resilient: the
defence and government vertical markets showed strong gains
while social services (job centres, health insurance, etc.) contracted
slightly. Against this backdrop, operating profit on business activity
came to 6.8% in 2020 (9.7% in 2019). Excluding exceptional items,
the second half of the financial year showed an improvement in
business activity, suggesting a gradual recovery in performance may
be expected in 2021. The aeronautics sector showed signs of
stabilising. Consultant downtime returned to normal levels. Hiring
resumed.

The United Kingdom (16% of the Group’s revenue) was highly
resilient, with revenue of €699.8 million, representing positive
organic growth of 1.9%. This growth was driven by the strong
performance achieved by the two joint ventures specialising in
business process services for the public sector (NHS SBS and SSCL)
They posted revenue of €339.3 million, representing average
organic growth of 16.0%. The defence & security and government
sectors proved fairly resilient. The private sector, on the other hand,
was under pressure, although new promising contracts were won,
in particular in the banking sector. The operating margin on
business activity improved to 8.0% (7.3% in 2019)

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 29


--- Page 29 ---

“lll ~BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

2020 Full-year results

The Other Europe reporting unit (29% of Group revenue) posted
organic revenue growth of 2.3% to €1,249.0 million. Growth was
brisk in Scandinavia and Belgium, while the other countries saw
slightly negative growth. In addition, revenue generated by Sopra
Financial Technology (€204.9 million) for operating the information
system of the Sparda banks in Germany was up 16.9%. The
operating margin on business activity improved in virtually every
country in the reporting unit, totalling 8.1% compared with 6.7% in
2019

Revenue for Sopra Banking Software (10% of Group revenue)
came to €421.6 million, an organic contraction of 9.1%. Licence
sales proved highly resilient while services saw a deterioration,
particularly during the lockdown period in the first half of the year
The second half of the year (-7.3%) showed a relative improvement
with more limited negative growth than in the first half (-10.9%).
The year was especially noteworthy for the Group’s adherence to its
product development plan (for both Sopra Banking Platform and
Sopra Financing Platform) and the first signs of improvement in
project margins, in line with the goal of gradually returning to a
double-digit margin. Operating profit on business activity came to
€10.5 million (versus €4.9 million in 2019), equating to a margin of
2.5%.

The Other Solutions reporting unit (6% of Group revenue) posted
revenue of €236.9 million, representing negative organic growth of
8.9%. This change resulted from a decline in licence sales and the
postponement of certain project launches. Following a significant
improvement in the second half of the year (12.7% versus 5.0% in
the first half), the operating margin on business activity for the full
year came to 8.8% (versus 15.7% in 2019).

6.2. Comments on the components
of net profit attributable to
the Group and Financial position
at 31 December 2020

Profit from recurring operations totalled €261.2 million. It
included a €4.2 million share-based payment expense and a €34.8
million amortisation expense on allocated intangible assets.

Operating profit was €202.3 million after a net expense of €58.9
million for other operating income and expenses (compared with a
net expense of €31.0 million in 2019), including expenses of €15.6
million attributable to additional costs arising from Covid-19 and
€5.3 million related to the impact of the cyberattack.

The tax expense totalled €60.4 million, for an effective tax rate of
34.1%.

The share of profit from equity-accounted companies (mainly
Axway Software) was €2.3 million (€1.8 million in 2019).

After deducting €12.2 million in minority interests, net profit
attributable to the Group came to €106.8 million (€160.3
million in 2019)

Basic earnings per share came to €5.27 (€7.92 in 2019).

Free cash flow was very strong, at €203.5 million (€229.3 million
in 2019). The free cash flow conversion rate with respect to
operating profit on business activity, remained stable at 51%.

Net financial debt totalled €425.6 million, down 17.2% from its
level at 31 December 2019. It was equal to 29.4% of equity (36.1%
at 31/12/2019) and 1.1x pro forma EBITDA for 2020 before the
impact of IFRS 16 (with the financial covenant stipulating a
maximum of 3x).

30 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

6.3. Proposed dividend in respect
of financial year 2020

At its meeting of 25 February 2021, the Board of Directors of Sopra
Steria Group decided to propose at the General Meeting of the
Shareholders to be held on 26 May 2021 that a dividend of €2.00
per share be distributed. The ex-dividend date will be 1 June 2021.
The dividend will be paid as of 3 June 2021.

6.4. Workforce

At 31 December 2020, the Group’s workforce totalled 45,960
people (46,245 at 31 December 2019), with 17.6%% working
in X-Shore zones.

6.5. Social and environmental
footprint

Sopra Steria sees its contribution to society as sustainable,
human-focused and purposeful, guided by the firm belief that
making digital work for people is a source of opportunity and
progress.

On 8 December 2020, CDP confirmed that Sopra Steria had made
its A List — recognising the world’s most transparent and most
proactive companies in the fight against climate change — for the
fourth year in a row. The Group stepped up its ongoing climate
commitments in 2020 with the announcement of its target of
achieving zero net emissions by 2028. Since 2015, Sopra Steria’s
annual reduction in its greenhouse gas emissions has been aligned
with this trajectory.

The Group also continued to increase the number of women in its
workforce in 2020. The proportion of women, excluding the impact
of acquisitions during the year, went from 32.0% to 32.5% thanks
to an increase in women among new recruits (34.0% of new hires
versus 33.1% in 2019). This change should be viewed within the
context of the proactive policy aimed at gradually increasing the
number of women in senior management positions and the target
set to have women make up 30% of the Executive Committee by
2025.

6.6. Acquisition and external growth
transactions

= SAB

On 7 August 2020, the remaining 30% stake in SAB not yet held by
the Group was acquired by Sopra Steria from SAB’s minority
shareholders.
= Sodifrance

On 16 September 2020, Sodifrance was added to Sopra Steria’s
scope of consolidation. Following the acquisition of a 94.03%
controlling interest in the share capital, a public tender offer and
compulsory delisting were carried out at the price of €18 per share .
The Sodifrance shares were delisted from Euronext Paris on 18
November 2020.


--- Page 30 ---

= Fidor Solutions

On 31 December 2020, Fidor Solutions was added to Sopra Steria’s
scope of consolidation. Fidor Solutions was the software subsidiary
of next-generation bank Fidor Bank specialising in digital banking
solutions. This acquisition will significantly accelerate the pace of
development and marketing of Sopra Banking Software's digital
solutions, in particular by augmenting the user features offered to
banks through its Digital Banking Engagement Platform (DBEP)
solutions.

6.7. Infrastructure and technical
facilities

A total of €27.8 million was invested in 2020 in infrastructure
andtechnical facilities, as against €33.0 million in 2019.

Investments in facilities comprised the following

Subsequent events

No subsequent events occurred after the end of financial year 2020.

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES EEE

Subsequent events.

= land and buildings: €2.1m;
= fixtures and fittings: €12.0m;
a IT equipment: €13.8m.

6.8. Targets for 2021

Although the situation is improving, the overall environment is still

beset with many uncertainties. Based on the information available

at end-February 2021, Sopra Steria has set the following targets for

the year:

= Organic revenue growth of between 3% and 5%, including a first
quarter in which growth remains negative;

= Operating margin on business activity of between 7.5% and
8.0%;

= Free cash flow of around €150 million.

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 31


--- Page 31 ---

“lll ~BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Simplified Group structure at 31 December 2020

&4 Simplified Group structure
at 31 December 2020

sopra SS steria

Sopra HR Software
(France)

Sopra HR Software
Spain)

Sopra HR Software
(Germany)

Sopra HR Software
(Belgium)

Sopra HR Software
(Luxembourg)

Sopra HR Software
(ftaly)

Sopra HR Software
(Switzerland)

Sopra HR Software
{United Kingdom)

Sopra HR Software
(Tunisia)

Sopra HR Software
(Morocco)

Sopra Banking
Software Brasil (Brasi)

OR System do Brasil
(Brasil)

Fidor Solutions™****
(Germany)

Sopra Bankin
L Sotvare
(France)

Sopra Banking
> Software
(United Kingdom)

‘Apak Group
(United Kingdom)

be,
Apak Grou
(Unted States) |

L
Cassiopae US.
[> United states)
Sopra Banki
Le software Blom
pF eetium

Sopra Banking
Software Netherlands
(Netherlands)

Sopra Banking
Loo software celand
(Iceland)

Sopra Banki
Le sofware unerboug

Sopra Banking
Software

Sopra Financial
be Solution Iberia

(Spain)
Sopra Banking

Le Software Morocco
(Morocco)

Sopra Banking
F> Software Tunisia
(Tunisia)
L-

Sopra Software
Cameroon
(Cameroon)

Sep Bann
[> Gabon (Gabon)

Sopra Banking

f= Cote divoire
(Cte d'ivoire)
Sopra Banking

Le Software Senegal

(Senegal

Sopra Banking
Le Software Singapore
(Singapore)

Sopra Banking Beijing Sopra Science
Software Solutions and Technology
India (Inca) (hina)
SOPRA BANKING

SOFTWARE

Sopra Steria
Infrastructure & Security
Services (France)

Sopra Steria Polska

(Poland)
Beamap
(France)

Galitt **
(France)
cIMPA
(France)
CIMPA

(Germany)
CIMPA

(United Kingdom)

IMPA
(Spain)

2MoRO™*
(France)

Sodiftance-sis
(France)
Soft- Maint
(France)
‘Antéo Consulting
(France)
Antéo

usiness
Solutions (France)

Mia Software
(France)

‘Apprentssage
Hotessonne
Informatique (France)

Sopra Steria
loldings
(United Kingdom)

Sopra Seria.
Services
(United Kingdom)

Sopra teria
(United Kingdom)

NHS Shared
Business Services
(United Kingdom)

Shared Services
‘Connected (United
Kingdom)

© Partners (United
Kingdom)

Steria UK
Corporate
(United Kingdom)

Stera India
(India)

Sopra Stevia Asia
(Singapore)

Sopra Steria
China
(China)

Sopra Steria
(Norway)
HoloCare
(Norway)
Sopra Steria
(Denmark)
opra Steria Sweden|
(Sweden)
Sopra Steria
(Russia)

faint"
(Tunisia)

‘Note: all companies are more than 95% owned either diecty or indirectly by the Group, unless otherwise indicated
(¢) Exercisable voting rights (*) Galitis composed ofa holding company Tecfit) and an operating company (***) 2MoRO is composed of a holding company and two operating
companies (in France and Canada) (***) Sdifrance consists of a holding company (HP2M) and six operating companies; the entities of Sodifrance group are expected tobe absorbed
bia universal asst transmissions (TUP) at 1 April 2021 (*****) Soft-Maint Tunisie, 80% owned by Sodirance, is a non-operational company inthe process of liquidation
(°°) Fidor Solutions directly owns a subsidiary based in Dubai and indirectly owns another subsidiary based in Singapore, which to date has no operational actvty

—©__BRANCH

32 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

Sopra Steria
spate
(Spain)

Sopra Steria
Euskadi

(Spain)

‘Sopra Steria
jenelux

Sopra Steria PSF
Luxembourg
(Luxembourg)

Sopra Steria
(Luxembourg)
Sopra Steria

© (Netherlands)

Sopra Steria Group
7 ({taly)

Sopra Steria
(Switzerland)

Sopra Finar
Technologies
(Germany)

Sopra Steria
(Germany)

Sopra Steria
(Austria)

{T-Economics
(Germany)

nomics
(Bulgaria)


--- Page 32 ---

2 Group organisation

Sopra Steria Group’s governance consists of a Board of Directors,
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Deputy Chief Executive
Officers.

The organisation is supported by a permanent operational and
functional structure as well as temporary structures for the
management of particular deals and projects.

Sopra GMT, the holding company that takes an active role in
managing the Group, takes part in conducting Group operations
through:

m its presence on the Board of Directors and the three Board

committees;

= a tripartite assistance agreement entered into with Sopra Steria
and Axway, concerning services relating to strategic
decision-making, coordination of general policy between

Sopra Steria and Axway, and the development of synergies
between these two companies, as well as consulting and
assistance services, particularly with respect to finance and
control.

9.1.

The Group’s permanent structure is composed of four operational
tiers and their associated functional structures.

Permanent structure

9.1.1. TIER 1: EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT AND THE

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Executive Management is represented by the Chief Executive Officer,
the Deputy CEOs and the Chief Operating Officer.

Members of Executive Management as at
31 December 2020:

= Vincent Paris, Chief Executive Officer of Sopra Steria Group;

= John Torrie, Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Sopra Steria
Group;

= Laurent Giovachini, Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Sopra Steria
Group.

The Executive Committee (ExCom) consists of Executive
Management and the heads of the main operating and functional
entities.

The 17 members of Sopra Steria Group's Executive Committee
supervise the Group’s organisation, management system, major
contracts and support functions and entities. They are involved in
the Group's strategic planning and implementation. Two of its
members are women.

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES EEE

Group organisation

Members of the Sopra Steria Executive Committee:
= Vincent Paris, Chief Executive Officer;
= John Torrie, Deputy Chief Executive Officer;

Laurent Giovachini, Deputy Chief Executive Officer;

Eric Pasquier, Sopra Banking Software;

Pierre-Yves Commanay, Continental Europe;
Cyril Malargé, Chief Operating Officer;

Xavier Pecquet, Key Accounts and Partnerships, Vertical Aeroline;
= Jean-Claude Lamoureux, Sopra Steria Next (Consulting);

Urs Kraemer, Germany;
= John Neilson, United Kingdom;
= Etienne du Vignaux, Finance;

William Ferré, Industrial Approach;
= Yvane Bernard-Hulin, Legal;

Fabienne Mathey-Girbig, Corporate Responsibility and Sustainable
Development;

Christophe de Tapol, Strategy;

= Mohammed Sijelmassi, Technology;

= Jean-Charles Tarlier, Human Resources Development.
Other committees overseen by Executive Management

The Group Operating Committee consists of the members of the
Executive Committee and 18 operational directors for countries or
subsidiaries. Four of its members are women

The Group Management Committee consists of the members of the
Group Operating Committee, together with 18 operational directors
and functional directors of the Purchasing, Internal Control,
Industrial, Finance, Real Estate, Marketing and Communications,
Investor Relations and Human Resources functions. Eight of its
members are women.

9.1.2. TIER 2: SUBSIDIARIES OR COUNTRIES

These are the main operating entities. Their scope corresponds to

one of the following:

= a specific line of business (consulting and systems integration,
development of business solutions, infrastructure management
and cloud services, cybersecurity services and business process
services);

= geographic area (country).

These entities are managed by their own Management Committee,
comprising in particular the Director and management of
tier 3 entities.

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 33


--- Page 33 ---

“lll ~BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Group organisation

9.1.3. TIER 3: DIVISIONS

Each country or subsidiary is made up of divisions based on two
criteria:

= vertical market;
= geographic area (region).

9.1.4. TIER 4: BUSINESS UNITS

Each division is made up of business units, which are the
organisation’s primary building blocks. They operate as profit
centres and enjoy genuine autonomy. They have responsibility for
their human resources, budget and profit and loss account
Management meetings focusing on sales and marketing strategy
and human resources are held weekly, and the operating accounts
and budget are reviewed on a monthly basis.

The diagram below illustrates the four main tiers of the ongoing
structure:

Sopra Steria Group
Executive Committee

Subsidiaries and/or Countries

Divisions

Business Units

9.1.5.

The operational organisation is strengthened by operational support
entities responsible for managing major transformations:

m= the Key Accounts and Partnerships Department (DGCP),
responsible for promoting the Key Accounts policy and
developing relations with partners. The role of this department is
to coordinate the commercial and production approaches for our
major clients, particularly when different entities are involved;

OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FUNCTIONS

the Digital Transformation Office (DTO), responsible for designing
and managing the Group’s digital transformation. It also
manages the Group’s innovation approach;

the Industrial Department, responsible for industrialising working
methods and organising subcontracting on X-shore platforms. It
also checks that projects are properly executed.

9.1.6. FUNCTIONAL STRUCTURES

The functional departments are the Human Resources Department,
the Marketing and Communications Department, the Corporate
Responsibility and Sustainable Development Department, the
Internal Control Department, the Finance Department, the Legal
Department, the Real Estate Department, the Purchasing
Department, and the Information Systems Department.

34 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

These centralised functions ensure Group-wide consistency.
Functional managers transmit and ensure commitment to the
Group's core values, serve the operational entities and report
directly to Executive Management.

The Group's functional structures standardise management rules
(information system resources, IT systems, financial reporting, etc.)
and monitor the application of strategies and rules. In this manner,
they contribute to overall supervision and enable the operational
entities to focus on business operations.

9.1.7. ASOLID, EFFICIENT INDUSTRIAL
ORGANISATION

Sopra Steria manages complex and large-scale programmes and
projects in a market where delivery commitments are increasing and
becoming globalised. The Group has an increasingly wide range of
skills to support multi-site projects that generate strong gains in
productivity with delivery models that guarantee clients an optimal
cost structure.

Sopra Steria applies an industrial production approach, supported

by five levers:

= production culture: transmission of know-how and expertise in
the field;

choice of personnel: human resources are central to the
approach, providing training, support and improved skills for
each employee;

organisation: the Industrial Department and its representatives in
the business units control production quality and performance,
identify and manage risks, support project managers and roll out
industrialised production processes;

state-of-the-art industrial-scale foundation: the Delivery Rule Book
(DRB), the Digital Enablement Platform (DEP) and the Quality
System across the Group’s various entities;

global delivery model: rationalising production by pooling
resources and expertise within service centres, with services
located based on the needs of each client (local services and skill
centres in various entities, shared service centres nearshore in
Spain, North Africa and Poland, and offsore shared service
centres in India.

9.2. Temporary structures for specific
deals and projects

The Group’s organisation must retain flexibility in order to adapt to
changes in its markets and ensure the successful completion of
projects.

These are handled by temporary teams:
= within the entities;

= under the authority of a pilot entity, established to leverage
synergies across several entities.

Each project is organised and carried out in order to meet
fundamental objectives: client service, business success, and
contribution to the overall growth of the Group.

Depending on their particularities (size, area of expertise,
geographic area covered), large-scale projects can be managed at
the business unit, division, subsidiary/country or Executive
Management level. Certain large projects requiring the resources of
several business units may involve the creation of a division.


--- Page 34 ---

2. Risk factors

3.2.
3.3.
3.4.
3.5.

4.

4.

42.

and internal control

Risk factors
Risk identification and assessment
Summary overview of risk factors

Detailed presentation of risk factors
Insurance

Internal control and risk management

Objectives and framework for the internal control
and risk management system

Scope
Components of the internal control and risk management system
Participants in internal control and risk management

Assessment and continuous improvement process

Procedures relating to the preparation and processing of accounting
and financial information

Coordination of the accounting and financial function

Preparation of the published accounting and financial information

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

36
36
36
37

43

hh

hh
hh
hh
46
48

49
49
49

35


--- Page 35 ---

“mm ~2RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Risk factors

Risk factors

1.1. Risk identification and assessment

The identification and assessment of risks and monitoring of the
implementation of associated mitigation plans are conducted on a
continuous basis by the various operational and functional
departments using the Group’s management system, as described
in Section 3.3.2 of this chapter. These help with the preparation
and yearly updating of the Group's risk mapping. This risk mapping
covers all internal and external risks and includes both financial and
non-financial issues. It is coordinated by the Internal Control
Department. The main operational and functional managers are
involved through interviews and validation workshops. The results
were reviewed and approved by Executive Management and
presented to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

This exercise consists of identifying the risks that could limit Sopra
Steria’s ability to achieve its objectives, as well as assessing their
likelihood of occurrence and their impact should they occur, on a
financial, strategic, operating and reputational level. Risks are
assessed on a scale of four levels: very low, low, possible, almost

1.2. Summary overview of risk factors

certain in terms of likelihood; and low, moderate, significant, critical
in terms of impact. The time frame used is five years. Specific
mapping for corruption and influence-peddling risks and_ risks
relating to duty of vigilance are taken into account in this general
risk mapping.

The most significant risks specific to Sopra Steria are set out below
by category and in decreasing order of criticality (based on the
crossover between likelihood of occurrence and the estimated
extent of their impact), taking account of mitigation measures
implemented. This presentation of net risks is not intended to show
all Sopra Steria’s risks. The assessment of this order of importance
may be changed at any time, in particular due to new external
factors, changes in operations or a change in the effects of
mitigation measures.

For each risk, a description is provided explaining in what ways it
could affect Sopra Steria as well as the risk management measures
put in place, i.e. governance, policies, procedures and controls.

The table below shows the results of this assessment in terms of net importance on a scale of three levels, from least important (+) to most

important (+++).

Category/Risk Materiality
Risks related to strategy and external factors

Adaptation of services to digital transformation, innovation +44
Significant reduction in client/vertical activity ++
Major acquisitions ++
Attacks on reputation ++
Risks related to operational activities

Cyberattacks, systems security, data protection +++
Extreme events and response to major crises +44
Sale and delivery of projects and managed/operated services +
Risks related to human resources

Development of skills and managerial practices SNFP‘” ++
Attracting and retaining employees SNFP. +
Risks related to regulatory requirements

Compliance with regulations SNFP +

(1) (SNEP!: Statement of Non-Financial Performance. This risk also relates to concems addressed by the regulatory changes set out in Articles L. 225-102-1 Ill and R. 225-105 of the French

Commercial Code, which cover the Company's Statement of Non-Financial Performance.

36 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020


--- Page 36 ---

IMPACT OF THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC

The Covid-19 pandemic has inevitably affected the Group's risk
environment. A number of risks have materialised in one way or
another or require increased vigilance. The main impact of the
health crisis lies in the downturn in activity for certain sectors or
clients that have been hardest hit by the economic situation, such as
aerospace and transport.

This event also required a certain number of measures to protect
employees’ health and safety by rigorously applying government
recommendations with the introduction of widespread working
from home and observance of health measures at sites, to ensure
the continuity of our services to clients, and to adapt the
management of operations and implement measures to restructure
and reorganise operations where necessary. The impacts of the
Covid-19 pandemic observed by the Group in 2020 are described in
Section 6.1 (Comments on 2020 performance) of Chapter 1 and in
Note 1.3 to the consolidated financial statements (Impact of the
Covid-19 crisis on the consolidated financial statements for the
period), in Chapter 5.

1.3. Detailed presentation of risk factors

1.3.1.

RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL EE

Risk factors

The Covid-19 pandemic has created considerable uncertainty for
Sopra Steria concerning its business environment. These conditions
have been taken into account in analysing risk insofar as they may
change both the nature of risk and the medium-term assessment
thereof. Some risks — already identified before the pandemic —
remain a topical issue in order to maintain the resilience of Sopra
Steria’s business model, in particular those relating to adapting
services to digital transformation, innovation, developing skills and
managerial practises and even risk relating to cyberattacks, systems
security and data protection.

IMPACT OF THE CYBERATTACK

The risk of a cyberattack is one of the main risks identified by the
Group. The detailed presentation below describes the nature of the
risk and the procedures put in place by the Group to mitigate the
effects (1.3.2 Risks related to operational activities).

The impact of the cyberattack suffered by Sopra Steria in 2020 is set
out in Section 6.1 (Comments on 2020 performance) of Chapter 1
(pages 29 to 30) and in Note 4.2.3 to the consolidated financial
statements (Other operating income and expenses included in
Operating profit), in Chapter 5 (page 174).

RISKS RELATED TO STRATEGY AND EXTERNAL FACTORS

1 ADAPTATION OF SERVICES TO DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION AND INNOVATION

Risk description

The business activities of the Group's clients are changing and are being transformed as a result of their digital transformation and the
emergence of new competitors, new businesses and new organisations. Clients are seeking to become more agile, and to do so they are

reinventing their business models, organisational structures and resources. These developments concern all of the Group’s businesses.
If the Group is unable to understand, satisfy and anticipate clients’ needs, an unsuitable market positioning and/or difficulties in

implementing its strategy could significantly impact its financial performance and image, and ultimately call into question its strategy.

Risk management measures

The management of this risk is integrated into the development of
the Group's strategy as well as its effective implementation. Each
year, the Group conducts a strategy review and/or update, under
the supervision of the Strategy Department, the Chairman and the
Chief Executive Officer, with the assistance of the Group’s Executive
Committee, covering some or all business lines and markets in
which it operates. This exercise, which draws both on external
studies and internal feedback from stakeholders in contact with
clients, leads the Group to take a certain number of decisions, in
particular involving the transformations to be undertaken or the
acquisitions strategy. These decisions are applied, on the one hand,
by the central functions, responsible in particular for investing on
behalf of the entire Group in support of the planned
transformations and, on the other hand, by all Group entities
(countries and subsidiaries) as part of the updating of their
three-year strategic plans. The Group-wide implementation of the
transformations initiated by the central functions as well as the
progress made on each entity's strategic plan are monitored on a
regular basis by the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and the
Strategy Department, in liaison with the Group's Executive
Committee.

By way of illustration, the following were subject to additional
review and/or monitoring in 2020:

=the project for all entities and more specifically the
transformation of the “France” business unit (concerning in
particular the rollout of updating of information systems);

the strategy in the United Kingdom (in particular the
development of service platforms) and the transformation of
Sopra Banking Software (digitisation of services, transformation
of R&D);

the development of Consulting activities within the Group
(particularly in France, under the brand name “Sopra Steria
Next");

the strengthening of the Group’s position in its priority vertical
markets;

the Group's industrial policy;
the skills development;

the technological partnership with Axway;

acquisitions.

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 37


--- Page 37 ---

“mm ~2RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Risk factors

I SIGNIFICANT REDUCTION IN CLIENT/VERTICAL ACTIVITY

Risk description

In general, the overall unstable economic situation in Europe as well as possible consolidation within the various sectors, or a slowdown in
the business activity of a specific client or major sector, could have a negative impact on the Group. . oo. .
The difficult situation in certain sectors — in particular aerospace — severely weighed down the Group’s business activity in 2020 and is
likely to continue to have a material impact for several quarters, depending on the scale and duration of the health and economic crisis.
To cope with budgetary pressure, a major client or even the entire sector could be forced to curtail IT investment projects, resulting for the
Group in the loss of associated revenue and requiring the reassignment of the teams in place, a risk all the more difficult to manage if the
downward fluctuations could not have been predicted.

Main clients include Airbus Group, Banque Postale, CNAM, Crédit Agricole, EDF, the UK Home Office, the French Ministry of the Armed,
Forces, the French Ministry of the Economy, Finance and Recovery, the UK Ministry of Defence, the UK Ministry of Justice, Orange, the UK
Metropolitan Police, the UK National Health Service, Sparda Banken, SNCF and Société Générale.

In 2020, the Group’s top client accounted for 5.9% of revenue, the top five clients represented 18% and the top ten contributed 28%.

Risk management measures

The Group's policy is to maintain a multi-client and multi-sector
portfolio across multiple geographical operations and sites, in
particular to avoid any uncontrolled concentration risk.

The Group’s strategy relating to key accounts is reviewed each year
in accordance with country, business line and sector-specific
strategic reviews in order to adapt this strategy to market
developments. This is the object of a dedicated exercise with all
concerned parties. A regular review at monthly steering committee

| MAJOR ACQUISITIONS

Risk description

meetings is also organised within the Group to monitor market
developments.

Furthermore, swiftly implemented action plans have helped to
mitigate some of the effects of a reduction in business activity, such
as transferring projects to the job markets affected, reskilling of
employees and limiting subcontractors. These mechanisms have
been activated in order to limit the consequences of the current
health and economic crisis.

The Group's development strategy is based in part on its ability to identify potential acquisition targets and integrate them into its general
offering, whether to supplement or improve it. Any major difficulty in integrating companies, generating the expected synergies, retaining
staff of acquired entities or achieving a return on these acquisitions in future could have a negative impact on the Group’s financial results

and outlook.

Risk management measures

Proposed acquisitions in the process of being identified, assessed or
negotiated are reviewed on a regular basis by a dedicated
committee. Due diligence procedures are implemented for all
proposed acquisitions in order to identify the inherent risks of the
potential deal. These audits — carried out in collaboration with
external advisors — concern both financial aspects and the valuation
of the target, as well as operating, legal and taxation aspects,
human resources, governance, compliance and business ethics, and
issues relating to the environment and society.

| ATTACKS ON REPUTATION

Risk description

All procedures associated with this upstream process have been
revised and supplemented to create the “M&A Playbook”, which
now applies to M&A and corporate venture deals.

Any acquisitions are then subject to an integration programme,
making it possible to anticipate and then monitor all key stages of
the process from a strategic, operating, financial and human
perspective. These integration policies and procedures are in
addition to the “M&A Playbook”.

Given its size, multiple geographical locations and positioning in projects at the heart of the clients’ information systems and more visible
projects for end clients (e.g. platform activities in the United Kingdom, major public sector transformation projects, payroll outsourcing
activities), the Group could become increasingly exposed to the spreading of negative information in the media, whether proved or not,
stemming from media attacks by external or internal stakeholders or negative comments on social media.

If the Group were to be the object of damaging media coverage or negative messages, this could have an adverse impact on its image
and attractiveness and have repercussions on its financial performance.

Risk management measures

The Group has set up a media monitoring system in order to be
informed as soon as possible of any publications about it and be
able to react. If any criticism of or allegations against the Group

should spread widely, crisis communication procedures may also be
activated with the support of specialist agencies.

38

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020


--- Page 38 ---

RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL EE
Risk factors

1.3.2. RISKS RELATED TO OPERATIONAL ACTIVITIES

1 CYBERATTACKS, SYSTEMS SECURITY, DATA PROTECTION

Risk description

A phishing campaign or the exploitation of a security flaw in the technical infrastructures or solutions used by Sopra Steria could result in
a breakdown or disruption of essential systems for activities contractually authorised with clients and/or for the Group’s internal
operations, or the loss, corruption or disclosure of data. A cyberattack on a client, even if indirectly caused by the provision of services by
the Group, could also have major repercussions for Sopra Steria.

This risk inevitably increases in the context of digital transformation (including services hosted in the cloud and mobile technologies).

Widespread working from home is also a factor that increases cyberthreats. Malicious attacks on the systems of businesses and
organisations by hackers, criminal organisations or even state-linked organisations have increased exponentially over the last few months
in terms of the number, frequency and sophistication, and this trend only looks set to be amplified in the future. The Group was the
victim of an unprecedented cyberattack in October 2020. The malware concerned was a new version of the Ryuk ransomware, previously
unknown to antivirus software providers and security agencies.

These risks are significant in terms of probability and impact. They are at the heart of Sopra Steria’s strategic concerns: in addition to the
significant financial consequences of client claims relating to contractual commitments, interruption of internal operations, high recovery
costs relating to an incident and non-compliance with regulations, a major security incident could have a considerable adverse impact on

the Group's reputation and lead to the loss of future contracts.

Risk management measures

Sopra Steria has established an information security policy in line
with international standards and has put in place a solid
organisational structure for this purpose, which is coordinated at
the Group’s highest level

The leadership team involved includes the Chief Information Security
Officers (CISOs), along with the Information Systems Department
(ISD) and the Group’s security operations centre (SOC), with
responsibility for detecting and responding to cybersecurity
incidents. This organisational structure with its correspondents
within entities, meeting different countries’ regulatory requirements
and client needs as closely as possible, allows for in-depth
knowledge of areas of risk and business demands.

The Group is continually investing in its security awareness and
training programme covering employees (e-learning modules,
awareness campaigns, videos, on-site and remote training), as well
as in protection and surveillance tools and to expand the involved
teams. The Information Systems Department therefore permanently
enhances its procedures in terms of cybersecurity monitoring and
intelligence, vulnerability management, follow-up actions on
computer emergency response team (CERT) reports, system
obsolescence management, and the siloing and tightening of
systems. Security tests on deliveries of the Group's services are
permanently reinforced by means of processes, tools and employee
training

Sopra Steria ensures the reliability of existing systems by way of
preventive testing plans and regularly conducts intrusion tests to

assess the resilience of new systems put into service during the year.
The entire system is verified on a regular basis, in particular by way
of the annual audit programme and the certification audits for
ISO 27001 and ISAE 34-02 covering the Group's strategic and
sensitive areas of operations.

The Group reviews its policies and procedures, organisation and
investments at least once a year, or as required whenever a security
incident occurs, to adapt to changes in the context and risks, as
despite everything these remain significant for the Group in view of
the unprecedented escalation in threats.

Thanks to this comprehensive approach, the Group was able to
reduce the potentially extremely critical impact of the massive attack
detected in October 2020. This attack was rapidly blocked by
in-house IT and cybersecurity teams. The measures implemented
immediately made it possible to contain the malware to only a
limited part of the Group's infrastructure and to protect its
customers and partners. The remediation plan has allowed for the
gradual restoration of workstations, R&D and production servers,
internal tools and applications, as well as client connections. In the
light of this event, the Group has decided to further step up its
existing plans and launched a reinforcement programme, the two
main aims of which are to improve its security response and shorten
the time required to restart IT systems.

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 39


--- Page 39 ---

“mm ~2RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Risk factors

| EXTREME EVENTS AND RESPONSE TO MAJOR CRISES

Risk description

The Group may be faced with events that could trigger a major crisis for it. This could be a systemic event such as political, economic or
social crisis profoundly changing business conditions in one or more countries in which the Group operates, a major health crisis, natural
phenomena relating to climate change, a cyberattack or a major incident making the Group’s physical and/or IT infrastructures widely
unavailable.

Major external events could also be the cause of a major crisis for the Group, such as those relating to problems with executing sensitive
and highly visible projects, a targeted cyberattack, failure to protect personal data and the disclosure of confidential information.

Failings in prevention plans and/or crisis management processes or an inappropriate response to the crisis could have very major

repercussions on an economic and operational level and seriously damage the Group’s reputation.

Risk management measures

All risk prevention systems help to control crisis management. This
concerns in particular those relating to human_resources,
management of projects and services and protection of IT systems
and infrastructures

The health crisis and the cyberattack in October 2020 provided the
opportunity to apply the Group’s crisis management systems. These
are based on swiftly adapting the Group’s operations, with impetus
provided at the highest level, in this case the adoption of dedicated
governance with the aim of defining, coordinating and permanently
monitoring remediation and crisis communication measures. These
crisis management systems are also based on permanent interaction
with entities’ management teams, who are in the front line in each
country in which the Group operates, in order to react and quickly
adapt the measures implemented by the Group. Despite this, the
impact of an extreme event of the same or a different nature, which
is by nature rapid and severe, remains a significant risk for the
Group on a five-year horizon.

More specifically, as regards business continuity to ensure our ability
to meet our commitments to clients and internal operating
requirements, definition of the policy and choice of implementation
of the Group’s production sites depend on these factors. The
decision to increase the number of countries and regions in which it
operates is an integral part of this policy to maintain security and
reduce risk exposure, allowing for the management of emergency
plans. A redundancy principle is applied for all critical infrastructures
and all system components, thanks to multi-site replication and
supplier redundancies. In the event of outsourcing or
subcontracting, the same level of service is demanded of our
suppliers. The Group has strict prevention and security procedures
covering areas such as physical security, power cuts at critical sites,
information systems security, and data storage and backups. These
procedures and technical measures are re-evaluated on a regular
basis in order to adapt corrective measures.

I SALE AND DELIVERY OF PROJECTS AND MANAGED/OPERATED SERVICES

Risk description

For fixed-price projects and managed or operated services, poor quality or failure to meet the standards expected of services and defined
in contracts may give rise to various risks for Sopra Steria, such as contractual penalties, client complaints, claims for damages,
non-payment, additional costs, early contract termination and reputational risk. These types of projects and services account for

two-thirds of the Group's consolidated revenue.
In the current environment, clients’ demands are becoming increasingly complex due to speed of execution, the agility required and the

technical nature of solutions, as well as due to strict regulatory requirements, for example for the financial sector. These demands
increasingly factor in corporate responsibility, particularly in terms of reducing the environmental impact of information systems developed
or managed.

A poor assessment of the scale of the work to be done, an underestimate of the cost of providing the service or an incorrect estimate of

the technical solutions to be implemented can lead to estimated costs being exceeded or contractual deadlines not being met. This delay
can, in itself, result in late delivery penalties and/or budget overruns (additional days), resulting in additional costs and potentially

impacting service margins.

Risk management measures

It is critical for the Group to be able to meet client demands and
deliver consistent quality.

In order to ensure the quality of management and execution of
services, the Group has developed a series of methods, processes
and controls. In order to further strengthen these aspects, the
Group developed and released its Delivery Rule Book at the end of
2019 (a set of 30 mandatory rules covering all phases, from
pre-sales to the end of production for services), which continued its
rollout throughout 2020.

The selection of Project Directors and of Project Managers responds
to specific requirements and criteria according to the level of risk
and project complexity. Particular attention is paid before any
appointment is made. Project managers receive specific training
These courses are regularly updated to include issues meriting
special attention and warnings relating to risks. In addition to

40 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

project and line management, Industrial Managers under the
authority of division/subsidiary managers and reporting functionally
to the Group Industrial Department are responsible for monitoring
all projects as well as the application of the production rules.

The review of proposals and contracts by line management, but also
by the Industrial Department and the Legal Department, is an
integral part of the Group's controls implemented to fulfil its
commitments. In addition, projects are reviewed on a regular basis,
at key phases in their production life cycle. These reviews, which are
organised by the Industrial Department or by its local
representatives, provide an external perspective on the status and
organisation of the delivery. Monthly steering meetings facilitate an
overview of quality at all levels, the monitoring of annual quality
targets established during management reviews and_ the
determination of the appropriate action plans to continuously


--- Page 40 ---

improve production performance and the quality of Sopra Steria
products and services. The effective implementation of actions
agreed during steering meetings, audits and reviews is checked by
the Industrial Department.

With regard to industrialisation, the Group has continued to invest
heavily in the resources required to rapidly develop and operate

1.3.3. RISKS RELATED TO HUMAN RESOURCES

1 DEVELOPMENT OF SKILLS AND MANAGERIAL PRACTICES

Risk description

RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL EE

Risk factors

digital solutions for its clients designed to work in the cloud
environment: Digital Enablement Platform (DEP), implementation
accelerators for new digital technologies (smart machines,
Al/machine learning, blockchain, loT, etc.), digital factories to
enable service offerings combining consulting and software (e.g
cloud migration and information system modernisation).

Developing the skills of our employees and managers is a key factor in adapting the Group to its business challenges and maintaining
employability. This also helps to make the Group more resilient and competitive in the face of current and future crises.
Difficulties in offering training that is both aligned with the needs of our clients and on a pragmatic level adapted to the necessary

adjustment of our organisation and systems could call into question the Group's ability to serve its strategy and economic targets.
Managerial practises and methods should also be reviewed in the light of changes in ways of working, whether as a result of digital

transformation or recent external shocks that have put us to the test.

Risk management measures

To strengthen its balance and support its growth, Sopra Steria
implements a human resources strategy centred on skills
development, employability and the engagement of all employees.
This strategy has several pillars

= an updated and digital Core Competency Reference Guide,
providing a shared framework for understanding the Group's
businesses, for employee evaluation, and for career development;

= a performance appraisal based on open communication between
managers and their team members, shared with the human
resources function and resulting in an individual development
plan;

=a “people dynamics” approach, which involves identifying
transformations in the Group's businesses over a time frame of
one to three years (emerging occupations, sustainable jobs,
sensitive jobs, areas in which job offers exceed the number of
applicants) and drawing up human resources action plans to
integrate, maintain and develop the necessary current and future
skills;

= a proactive training policy, whose objectives are reviewed and
approved by the Group’s Executive Committee, supported by a
revamped Sopra Steria Academy training organisation, with
adjustments made to its structure (governance, creation of
specific Group and business line academies) as well as its
offerings (more streamlined, focused on the corporate plan and
the Group’s strategic orientations, Learning Management
System). In 2020, 1,207,065 hours of training were delivered
despite the repercussions of the health crisis (a decrease of 4.6%
compared with 2019);

= during a time of crisis, an unprecedented effort to boost
employability and support employees, including widespread
working from home, reskilling of staff in struggling markets
(representing 16,700 hours of training), local support for
managers, speeding up the digitisation of training programmes,
systems for listening to employees and monitoring risks of
work-related stress

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 41


--- Page 41 ---

“mm ~2RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Risk factors

| ATTRACTING AND RETAINING EMPLOYEES

Risk description

Sopra Steria places its employees at the centre of its drive to create value, improve its competitive position and increase market share. Its
growth objectives must be achieved against the backdrop of fiercer competition, scarcity of expertise and increased demands of applicants
and employees in terms of quality of life at work, health and safety, work-life balance and sustainability, particularly to limit the
environmental impact of operations. This trend is also supported by the development of digital technology (connectivity, collaborative
platforms etc.), which transforms uses and frees work from a certain number of constraints, in particular geographical constraints or in
relation to physical proximity.

Being unable to optimise recruitment systems and ways of working as necessary could compromise our ability to attract and retain the
talent we need. Recruitment difficulties and/or a relatively high employee attrition rate (which was 13.6% in 2020 as a result of the
Covid-19 pandemic, compared with 17.7% in 2019 and 16.9% in 2018) may prevent the Group from delivering on its strategy or meeting
its targets for growth and financial performance.

Risk management measures

Sopra Steria’s employees are the motor fuelling its growth and = an “immediate boarding” integration process based on specific

value creation. Employee engagement and retention are two key
focuses of the human resources policy. They have been translated
into the following priorities:

= a sustained and pragmatic recruitment drive with 6,133 new
hires in 2020, a decline correlated with the effects of the
Covid-19 pandemic (compared with 10,884 in 2019);

an employer brand (“Dare together”) that conveys the image of a
committed and united Group with a singular and responsible
collective ambition;

a continually improved applicant experience (interactive platforms
for job seekers, new Careers site, videos on business lines, live
chat, posts on social media etc.);

1.3.4. RISKS RELATED TO REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

| COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATIONS

Risk description

training programmes (“Get On Board” seminar, business line
training programmes);

strengthened relationships with universities (more than 600
events and other initiatives at universities in 2020 despite the
public health situation);

ever-expanding civic engagement through iconic projects
(HandiTutorat, Prix Etudiants awarded by Fondation Sopra Steria
— Institut de France, etc.);

an optimised recruitment process and organisation, particularly in
France;

a special focus on well-being in the workplace (preventive
approach to occupational risks) and employee engagement in this
area (commitment to local action plans following the Group
people survey in partnership with Great Place to Work)

The Group is a multinational company that operates in many countries, serving customers with international presences, subject to various
constantly changing laws and regulations. These may be regulations concerning data protection, anticorruption laws, competition law,
international sanctions, employment law or employee health and safety obligations, environmental regulations within the framework of
combating climate change, and even tax reforms.

The Group’s activities and operating profit might be affected by significant changes in laws or regulations, or by decisions taken by
authorities.

The Group is also exposed to the risk of breaches of regulations by employees who are not well enough informed or negligence or fraud

by such employees.

Risk management measures

In order to support the Group’s development and growth and
respond to new regulatory requirements, the Internal Control
Department, which covers compliance, internal control and risk
management, is supported in part by the network of Compliance
Officers (who are also responsible for internal control) throughout
the Group's various geographical operations, the network of local
representatives and local teams, as well as the expertise of
functional divisions depending on their scope, in particular the Legal
Department, Human Resources and the Finance Department.

42 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

Developments in legislation and case law are monitored on a
regular basis so as to plan ahead for any upcoming changes.
Internal control rules and procedures are updated regularly to
reflect these developments.

The code of ethics, the code of conduct and the code of conduct
for stock market transactions aim to prevent any activity or practices
that do not comply with requirements (see Chapter 4, Section 5,
"Ethics and compliance’).


--- Page 42 ---

Insurance

The Group's insurance policy is closely linked to its risk prevention
and management practices, in order to ensure coverage for its
major risks. The Group’s Legal Department is responsible for
managing its insurance programme.

The aim of Sopra Steria Group’s insurance programmes is to
provide uniform and adapted coverage of the risks facing the
company and its employees for all Group entities at reasonable and
optimised terms.

The scope and coverage limits of these various insurance
programmes are reassessed annually in light of changes in the size
of the Group, developments in its business activities as well as
changes in the insurance market and based on the results of the
most recent risk mapping exercise.

All Group companies are insured with leading insurance companies
for all major risks that could have a material impact on its
operations, business results or financial position.

The main insurance programmes in place within the Sopra Steria

Group are the following:

= premises and operations liability and professional indemnity
insurance

This programme covers all of the Group’s companies for monetary
consequences arising as a result of their civil and professional

RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL EE

Insurance

liability in connection with their activities, due to bodily injury,
material or non-material damage caused to third parties. Overall
coverage is limited to €150 million per claim and per year of
insurance;

= cybersecurity insurance

This programme covers all of the Group’s companies for any direct
or indirect financial losses, property damage or loss of use, and
business interruption losses resulting from a cyberattack;

= property damage and business interruption insurance

This programme covers all of the Group’s sites for the direct
material damage to property they may suffer as well as any
consequential losses in the event of reduced business activity or
business interruption occasioned by the occurrence of an insured
event. Operating losses are insured on the basis of the loss of gross
profit. Overall policy coverage (for all types of damages and
operating losses) is limited to €100 million per claim and per year
of insurance.

In addition, Group programmes have been put in place covering in
particular:

= the civil liability of senior executives and company officers;

= assistance to employees on assignment, as well as to expatriate
and seconded employees.

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 43


--- Page 43 ---

“mm ~2RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Internal control and risk management

This section of the report outlines Sopra Steria’s internal control
and risk management systems. These systems are based on the
reference framework issued by the AMF. A specific subsection
addresses the preparation of accounting and financial information.
The management control system is one of the fundamental
components of internal control at Sopra Steria. It supports the
internal dissemination of information as well as the various
reporting and risk management procedures, and the
implementation of controls.

3.1. Objectives and framework for the
internal control

and risk management system
OBJECTIVES OF THE INTERNAL CONTROL AND
RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

In order to address the identified risks presented in the preceding
chapter, Sopra Steria has adopted a governance approach as well
as a set of rules, policies and procedures together constituting its
internal control and risk management system

3.1.1.

In accordance with the AMF reference framework, the internal
control and risk management system, which is under the
responsibility of the Group's Chief Executive Officer, is designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the achievement of
objectives in the following categories

= compliance with laws and regulations;

= implementation of instructions, guidelines and rules set forth by
Executive Management;

= proper functioning of the Company's internal
particularly those intended to safeguard its assets;

processes,

= quality and reliability of financial and accounting information.

The risk management system is designed to identify, analyse and
manage the Company's main risks.

More generally, the Group’s internal control and risk management
system contributes to the control of its business activities, the
effectiveness of its operations and the efficient use of its resources.

This system is updated on a regular basis, in application of a
continuous improvement process, in order to best measure the level
of risk to which the Group is exposed as well as the effectiveness of
the action plans put in place to mitigate risks.

Nevertheless, the internal control and risk management system

cannot provide an absolute guarantee that the Company's
objectives will be achieved and that all risks will be eliminated.

3.1.2. REFERENCE FRAMEWORK AND REGULATORY

CONTEXT

The Sopra Steria Group refers and adheres to the reference
framework issued by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF, the
French securities regulator).

44 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

Internal control and risk management

3.2. Scope

The internal control and risk management system applies across the
entire Group, i.e. the parent company Sopra Steria Group, together
with all fully consolidated companies.

3.3. Components of the internal

control and risk management
system

3.3.1. ENVIRONMENT

Sopra Steria Group's internal control and risk management system
is founded upon the Group's four-tier operational organisation as
well as its centralised functional organisation. Each tier of the
operational organisation is directly involved in the implementation
of internal control and risk management practices. To this end, the
Group has put in place a set of operating principles and rules, along
with the appropriate delegations of authority. It is the responsibility
of all Group employees to familiarise themselves with these rules
and to apply them. For more information on the Group's
organisation, see Section 9 (Group organisation) in Chapter 1,
“Business overview and strategies” of this Universal Registration
Document, pages 32 to 33.

3.3.2. ASHARED MANAGEMENT CONTROL SYSTEM

The management control system is designed not only to manage
the dissemination of information, upwards to Executive
Management and downwards to the operational and functional
units, but also to guide, control and support the Group’s
employees, identify risks and monitor the associated mitigation
plans. It involves steering meetings held at each of the different
organisational levels, including the Group's Executive Committee.

These meetings are governed by specific standards (reporting
timetable, participants, agenda, documents to be presented at the
beginning and end of the meeting) and are supported by the
management reporting system. Meetings are held according to a
calendar, dependent on the organisational level and timeframe
objectives:

= weekly meetings for the current month: Priority is given to the
monitoring of sales, production and human resources;

monthly meetings for the current year: In addition to the topics
discussed at the weekly meetings, additional emphasis is placed
on financial indicators (entity performance for the previous
month, update of annual forecasts, actual vs. budget, progress
report on actions in line with the medium-term strategy);

annual meetings, looking ahead several years: The medium-term
strategy and the annual budget process for the entities are
discussed in the context of the Group's overall strategic plan.

The implementation of this system at all operational and functional
entities is a highly effective vehicle for cohesiveness, the sharing of
values and practices throughout the Group, and control


--- Page 44 ---

3.3.3. TOOLS

The Group’s management applications and office automation
software are designed to standardise the documents produced by
the Group. The production tools used or developed by the Group
allow for the industrialisation of project delivery and of managed or
operated services by improving the quality of deliverables. They
incorporate the processes that make up the Group’s production
methodology.

3.3.4. A SHARED FRAMEWORK FOR GROUP RULES

a. Code of Ethics, anti-corruption Code of conduct and
code of conduct for stock market transactions

The aims of the Group's Code of Ethics, which is based on its core
values, are to ensure compliance with international treaties, laws
and regulations in force in all countries where it operates, and to
reaffirm the Group’s ethical principles. This Code of Ethics is
supplemented by a code of conduct for stock market transactions
whose main aim is to reiterate and clarify the rules regarding
sensitive information, insider information and the management of
securities. Furthermore, the anti-corruption code of conduct sets
out the rules and behaviours to be adopted to prevent corruption
and influence peddling. For more details on the anti-corruption
code of conduct, see Section 5 "Ethics and compliance’ in
Chapter 4, “Corporate responsibility” of this Universal Registration
Document, pages 132 to 136.

b. Group rules, policies and procedures

A framework of rules including Group internal control rules and
delegations of authority (decision-making levels) is in force across
the Group to provide a common foundation for all processes. These
rules apply to all employees and all entities as soon as possible
when integrating acquisitions.

These general rules are adapted to the Group’s various entities, and
continue to be supplemented when necessary at Group level

RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL EE

Internal control and risk management

through the formal documentation of procedures, always with a
focus on the continuous improvement of internal control and so as
to better manage the risks identified in the course of the Group's
risk mapping exercises. The rules and procedures cover 10 areas
corresponding to Group processes: governance and steering, trade,
production, human resources, internal and accounting
management, information system and infrastructures, purchasing,
communications and marketing, legal and insurance, and corporate
responsibility. These Group rules and procedures are then further
detailed to take into account local regulatory constraints across all
of the Group's geographical operations.

These rules and procedures are available on the Group’s intranet.
They are reinforced through the Group's various training and
communications initiatives.

On the production front, Sopra Steria’s Quality System defines all
the production, management and quality assurance processes
required to successfully manage projects. The primary goal is to
contribute effectively to the delivery of high quality IT systems that
meet clients’ needs in line with time and budget constraints. This
methodology defines project management practices and processes
suited to various environments and at different levels of
management and supervision, as well as software engineering
practices and processes. The basic principles of the Quality System
are described in a Quality Manual supplemented by procedural
guides and operating manuals. UK, Scandinavia and CIMPA apply
mechanisms that are similar but rely on specific methods geared to
the primary characteristics of their activities. In order to further
strengthen these aspects, the Group continued in 2020 with the
rollout of its Delivery Rule Book at all entities. This is a set of 30
essential and mandatory rules covering the production cycle from
end to end, from pre-sales to the end of service production.

The Group’s rules and procedures are regularly updated and
supplemented to best reflect the Group’s organisation and manage
the identified risks

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 45


--- Page 45 ---

“mm ~2RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Internal control and risk management

3.4. Participants in internal control and risk management

Everyone in the Group has a part to play in risk management and internal control, from the governance bodies and senior management to

the employees of each Group company.

oOo

[am@n)

INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM STAKEHOLDERS

Board of Directors / Audit Committee

Executive Management

15" LINE OF CONTROL 2" LINE OF CONTROL

Operational Management Departments
Finance

All entities Industrial

All geographies Human Resources

All activities, Legal

Sustainable Development
and Corporate Responsibility

Internal Control

3*° LINE OF CONTROL

Internal Audit External Audit

EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT

The internal control and risk management system is approved and
overseen by Executive Management, thus at the Group’s highest
level. As the top level of authority and responsibility for the internal
control and risk management system, it monitors the system's
continuing effectiveness and takes any action required to remedy
identified shortcomings and remain within acceptable risk tolerance
thresholds. Executive Management ensures that all appropriate
information is communicated in a timely manner to the Board of
Directors and to the Audit Committee.

AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Group’s Audit Committee examines the main features of the
internal control and risk management procedures selected and
implemented by Executive Management to manage risks, including
the organisation, roles and functions of the key actors, the
approach, structure for reporting risks and monitoring the
effectiveness of control systems. It has access to the elements
necessary to reach an overall understanding of the procedures
relating to the preparation and processing of accounting and
financial information (presented in the following chapter).

Each year, the Audit Committee reviews the results of the Group's
risk mapping exercise and holds regular meetings with the Internal
Control Department to monitor the implementation and adaptation
of the Group’s rules and the internal control process.

46

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

The Audit Committee also monitors the activity of the Internal Audit
Department through the following actions:

= approval of the annual internal audit plan;

= meeting with its Director once a year in the presence of the
Statutory Auditors, but without the presence of management;

= biannual review of the results of internal audit assignments and
follow-up on the implementation of action plans resulting from
recommendations

Three lines of control

In accordance with the AMF reference framework, the internal
control and risk management system put in place by the
Sopra Steria Group is structured around three lines of control, as
presented below.

= First line of control: Front-line staff and operational
management

The first line of control for the internal control and risk management
system consists of:

* operational management, tasked with implementing the
system defined at Group level for the area under its
responsibility. This line of control makes sure that the internal
control rules and procedures are effectively implemented, fully
understood and consistently applied within its scope of
operations,

the Group’s employees, who take due note of and apply all of
the rules set out within the organisation.


--- Page 46 ---

= Second line of control: Risk management and internal
control

The aim of the second line of control is to monitor the internal
control and risk management system on an ongoing and
continuous basis to verify its effectiveness and coherence as well as
the proper application of its rules and procedures.

* Internal Control Department and Compliance Officers at the
entities

The internal control and risk management system is steered and
coordinated by the Internal Control Department at Group level. As
the coordinator of the system, and with regard to the risks that
have been identified and assessed, the Internal Control Department
defines and updates the system’s various components. In carrying
out these duties, the Internal Control Department works closely with
the Group’s functional and operational departments.

The Group has a network of Compliance Officers, appointed in each
of the Group’s entities and across all its geographical operations.
These Compliance Officers are responsible for adapting the
guidelines and rules defined at Group level. In particular, they are
tasked with making sure that all components of the internal control
and risk management system as well as those of the Group’s
compliance programme are effectively implemented, _ fully
understood and consistently applied. They are also responsible for
raising alerts in the event of difficulties encountered in the
implementation of any of these components for their scope.

© Functional departments

The functional departments are key participants in the coordination
of the internal control and risk management system. They assist the
Internal Control Department in updating procedures specific to the
processes under their responsibility.

Alongside the self-assessment and control procedures implemented
by operational managers at every level, functional departments play
a special role in the application of the rules for delegations of
authority in force within the Group. They support operational staff
in the area of risk management and, from a preventive standpoint,
they may serve in an advisory capacity or perform ex-ante or
detective controls on the application of rules.

The Finance Department is entrusted with specific responsibilities in
the context of financial controls and the Industrial Department is
responsible for control procedures relating to the management of
its Quality System.

* Finance Department

Financial Controlling falls under the responsibility of the Finance
Department. Its main responsibilities include the consolidation and
analysis of monthly results produced by the internal management
system, controlling the consistency of monthly forecasts, verifying
the application of Group rules, assisting operational managers,
training management system users, and performing the
reconciliation between the internal management accounts and the
general ledgers.

As part of their control responsibilities, Financial Controllers identify
and measure risks specific to each operational unit. In particular,
they ensure that contractual commitments and project production
are aligned with the revenue recognised. They raise alerts for
projects that present technical, commercial or legal difficulties. They
check that revenue is recognised in line with Group accounting rules
as well as analysing any commercial concessions applicable and

RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL EE

Internal control and risk management

verifying their treatment in the operating accounts of the
operational unit. They also ensure that the costs for the operational
unit are completely and accurately recognised.

Financial Controllers devote particular attention to unbilled revenue
and contractual milestone payments, and check that invoices issued
are paid. In coordination with the manager at the relevant entity,
they trigger payment collection, which is managed directly by the
Finance Department. They check any credit notes issued

Financial Controllers assess the organisation and administrative
functions of operational units. They monitor compliance with rules
and deadlines.

* Industrial Department (Management of the Quality System)

Quality management relies upon the day-to-day interaction
between the operational and quality structures and covers the
methods for the production and application of professional
standards.

Sopra Steria’s quality structure is independent of the project
management and delivery operations. As such, it offers external
quality assurance for projects with the objectives of assuring
production and cost controlling, overseeing associated human
resources, verifying production conformity and compliance with
quality assurance procedures, and monitoring the quality assurance
plan's effectiveness.

Industrial managers under the authority of business unit/subsidiary
managers and reporting functionally to the Group Industrial
Department are responsible for monitoring the Quality System and
all projects.

Structural audits are performed so as to verify the application and
effectiveness of the Quality System among the concerned Sopra
Steria staff members (management, sales, operational quality unit).
Projects are reviewed on a regular basis, at key phases in their life
cycle. These reviews, which are organised by the Industrial
Department, or by the quality structure’s local representatives,
provide an external perspective on the status and organisation of
projects.

Monthly steering meetings facilitate an overview of quality at all
levels, the monitoring of annual quality targets established during
management reviews and the determination of the appropriate
action plans to continuously improve production performance and
the quality of Sopra Steria products and services.

The effective implementation of actions agreed during steering
meetings, audits and reviews is checked by the Industrial
Department.

An annual review is performed by Executive Management to ensure
that the Quality System remains pertinent, adequate and effective.
This review is based in particular upon an analysis of project reviews
and internal structural audits performed at all levels of the Group as
well as upon annual assessments produced by divisions or
subsidiaries. During this review, the adequacy of the quality policy is
evaluated, the annual quality objectives are defined and possible
improvements and changes in the Quality System are considered
The Group has put in place a certification policy, covering all or a
portion of its operations, depending on market expectations. This
policy relates to the following standards or frameworks: ISO 9001,
TickIT Plus, ISO 27001, ISO 22301, ISO 14001, ISO 20000, CMMI
and TMMi

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 47


--- Page 47 ---

“mm ~2RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Internal control and risk management

= Third line of control: Internal audit function
Internal Audit Department

Under the internal audit charter adopted by the Group, the Internal
Audit Department has the following tasks:

= independent, objective evaluation of the effectiveness of the
internal control system via a periodic audit of entities;

= formulation of all recommendations to improve the Group's
operations;

= monitoring the implementation of recommendations.

The work of the Internal Audit Department is organised with a view
to covering the “audit universe” (classification of key processes)
reviewed annually by the Audit Committee.

Internal Audit covers the entire Group over a cycle of a maximum of
four years. Audits are performed more frequently for the main risks
identified. To this end, Internal Audit carries out field audits while
using self-assessment questionnaires for areas of lesser importance.

By carrying out work relating specifically to fraud and corruption,
the Internal Audit Department has identified processes that are
potentially concerned, associated risks, control procedures to be
adopted (prevention and detection) and audit tests to be carried
out. These are systematically integrated into internal audit
programmes.

Internal Audit, which reports to the Chairman of the Board of
Directors and operates under the direct authority of Executive
Management, is responsible for internal control and monitors the
system in place. It submits its findings to Executive Management
and the Audit Committee.

The Chairman of the Board of Directors validates the audit plan,
shared with Executive Management, notably on the basis of risk
information obtained using the risk mapping procedure, the
priorities adopted for the year and the coverage of the “audit
universe”. This plan is presented to the Audit Committee for review
and feedback. Recommendations are monitored and compiled in a
report provided to Executive Management and the Audit
Committee.

The Internal Audit Department carried out 21 assignments in
financial year 2020.

External monitoring system

Furthermore, the internal control and risk management system is
also. monitored by the Statutory Auditors and the quality
certification inspectors for the Quality System.

48 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

Statutory Auditors

As part of their engagement, the Statutory Auditors obtain
information on the internal control system and the procedures in
place. They attend all Audit Committee meetings.

The Statutory Auditors are engaged throughout the year across the
Group. Their involvement is not limited to interactions with the
accounting department. To gain a more in-depth understanding of
how operations and transactions are recorded in the accounts, the
Statutory Auditors are in regular contact with operational
managers, who are best placed to explain the Company’s business
activity. These meetings with operational staff are structured around
business unit, division or subsidiary reviews, during which the
Statutory Auditors examine the main ongoing projects, progress
made and any difficulties encountered by the business unit or
subsidiary.

Quality certification inspectors

The audit procedure aims to ensure that the Quality System is both
in compliance with international standards and is applied to the
entire certified scope of operations.

Each year, quality certification inspectors select the sites visited
depending upon an audit cycle and relevance of the activity in
relation to the certification.

3.5. Assessment and continuous
improvement process

The purpose of this audit process is to identify ways in which the
quality management system might be improved in order to ensure
continuous improvement

The internal control system and its operation are subject to internal
and external assessments to identify areas for improvement. These
may lead to implementation of action plans to strengthen the
internal control system, under the oversight of the Group’s Audit
Committee.


--- Page 48 ---

RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL EE

Procedures relating to the preparation and processing of accounting and financial information

Procedures relating to the preparation and

processing of accounting and financial information

4.1. Coordination of the accounting

and financial function

ORGANISATION OF THE ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL FUNCTION

4.1.1.

Limited number of accounting entities

By keeping the number of legal entities, and therefore accounting
entities, relatively low, the Group can drive reductions in operating
costs and minimise risks.

Centralised coordination of the accounting

and financial function

The activities of Sopra Steria’s accounting and financial function are
overseen by the Group's Finance Department, which reports directly
to Executive Management.

The responsibilities of the Finance Department mainly include the
production of the accounts, financial controlling, tax issues,
financing and cash management, and participation in financial
communications and legal matters.

Each subsidiary has its own financial team that reports functionally
to the Group's Finance Department.

Supervision of the accounting and finance function

by Executive Management and the Board of Directors

The Finance Department reports to the Group’s Executive
Management. As with all other entities, it follows the management
reporting and controlling cycle described above: weekly meetings to
address current business activities, monthly meetings devoted to a
detailed examination of figures (actual and forecast), the
organisation of the function and the monitoring of large-scale
projects.

Executive Management is involved in the planning and supervision
process as well as in preparing the period close.

The Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of accounting
and financial information. It approves the annual accounts and
reviews the interim accounts. It is supported by the Audit
Committee, as described in Section 1.3.3 of Chapter 3, “Corporate
governance” of this Universal Registration Document, pages 78
to 79.

4.1.2. ORGANISATION OF THE ACCOUNTING
INFORMATION SYSTEM
Accounting

The configuration and maintenance of the accounting and financial
information system are centralised at Group level. Central teams
manage access permissions, and update them at least once a year.
The granting of these permissions is validated by Finance teams at
the subsidiaries

All Group companies prepare, at a minimum, complete quarterly
financial statements on which the Group bases its published
quarterly revenue figures and interim financial statements.

Monthly cash flow forecasts for the entire year are prepared for all
companies and consolidated at Group level.

Accounting policies and presentation

The accounting policies applied within the Group are presented in
the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this document.
At each balance sheet date, the Audit Committee ensures that these
policies and presentation have been applied by the Finance
Department and the Statutory Auditors.

The proper use of the percentage-of-completion method to value
ongoing projects is monitored on a permanent basis jointly by the
Industrial Department and by the Finance Department (Financial
Controllers)

4.2. Preparation of the published
accounting and financial
information

RECONCILIATION WITH THE INTERNAL
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ACCOUNTING DATA

All Group entities prepare a monthly budget, a monthly operating
statement and revised monthly forecasts.

4.2.1.

The budget process, which is short in duration, takes place in the
last quarter of the year. This is a key stage. It provides an
opportunity to apply the strategy approved by the Group’s Executive
Committee, to adapt the organisation to developments in business
segments and market demand, and to assign quantitative and
qualitative objectives to all Group entities. Budgets, including
detailed monthly operating forecasts, are prepared by each unit at
this event.

Each Group entity prepares a monthly operating statement closed
on the third working day of the following month. Management
indicators (utilisation rate, selling prices, average salary, indicators
relating to human resources, invoicing and receipts, etc.) are also
reviewed on a monthly basis.

Finally, a revised operating statement prepared each month includes
the results of the previous month and a revised forecast for the
remaining months of the current year.

Sales metrics (prospects, contracts in progress, signings, etc.), client
invoicing and cash receipts are analysed at the management
meetings organised by the management control system described
above.

The results derived from the monthly management reporting
documents are verified by Financial Controllers reporting to the
Finance Department, who also reconcile this data with the quarterly
accounting results in the general ledgers.

4.2.2. PROCEDURES FOR THE PREPARATION OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Each company establishes quarterly financial statements and
prepares a consolidation pack.

For each of the companies falling within the scope of the audit of
consolidated financial statements, the Statutory Auditors examine
the interim and annual consolidation packs. Once approved, they
are used by the Group Finance Department and the consolidated
financial statements are examined by the Group’s Statutory
Auditors.

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020 49


--- Page 49 ---

“mm ~2RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Procedures relating to the preparation and processing of accounting and financial information

4.2.3. PROCEDURE FOR SIGNING OFF THE FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

The interim and annual consolidated financial statements are
presented to Executive Management by the Finance Department.

As part of their annual accounts close-out at 31 December, the
financial statements of Sopra Steria Group and its subsidiaries
undergo a legal audit by the Statutory Auditors in order to be
certified. A limited review is also performed on 30 June.

As part of its assignment to monitor the legal control of the
financial statements, the Audit Committee takes note of the
Statutory Auditors’ work and conclusions during the review of the
interim and annual financial statements.

The Audit Committee examines the financial statements, notably in
order to review the Company's exposure to risks, verify that the
procedures for gathering and controlling information guarantee its
reliability, and ensure that accounting policies have been applied
consistently and appropriately. It gathers comments from the
Statutory Auditors.

The Group’s financial statements are then presented to the Board of
Directors for approval.

50 SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2020

4.2.4. FINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONS

The Financial Communications and Investor Relations Department,
which is supervised by the Chairman of the Board of Directors,
manages the Group’s financial communications.

The Group communicates financial information via several different
means, notably:

= press releases;

= the Universal Registration Document and the various reports and
disclosures that it contains;

= the presentation of the interim and annual financial statements.

The Group's website has a dedicated “Investors” section that

presents all of the aforementioned items as well as other regulatory

or informative items.
