

--- Page 1 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 27
1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure

Combined Management
Report

of the Bayer Group and Bayer AG as of December 31, 2020

7. Fundamental Information
About the Group

1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure

| Our goal: Promote health and safeguard the food supply
Economic growth and sustainability go hand in hand

1.1.1 Corporate Profile

We are a life science company and a global leader in health care and nutrition. Our innovative
products support efforts to overcome the major challenges presented by a growing and aging
global population. We help prevent, alleviate and treat diseases. We also aim to ensure the world
has a reliable supply of high-quality food, feed and plant-based raw materials. As part of this
endeavor, the responsible use of natural resources is always a top priority. “Health for all, hunger
for none” — putting an end to hunger and helping everyone lead a healthy life, while at the same
time protecting ecosystems. That is what we aspire to achieve, guided by our purpose “Science
for a better life.”

We aim to continuously enhance our company’s earning power and create value for customers,
patients, shareholders, employees and society. Growth and sustainability are integral parts of our
strategy, guided by our corporate values of Leadership, Integrity, Flexibility and Efficiency, or LIFE
for short. These values shape our culture and ensure a common identity throughout the Bayer
Group. Building on this, our Bayer Societal Engagement (BASE) principles provide clear direction
for the way we interact with social interest groups.

1.1.2 Corporate Structure

Corporate structure as of December 31, 2020

As the parent company of the Bayer Group, Bayer AG - represented by its Board of Management
— performs the principal management functions for the entire enterprise. This mainly comprises
the Group’s strategic alignment, resource allocation, and the management of financial affairs and
managerial staff, along with the management of the Group-wide operational business of the Crop
Science, Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health divisions. The enabling functions support the
operational business.


--- Page 2 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure

The following structural changes occurred within our organization in 2020:

The Animal Health business unit was sold to Elanco Animal Health Incorporated, United States,
in August and is no longer part of the Bayer Group. The business activities were already reported
retroactively as a discontinued operation in the previous year, after we had concluded the
divestment agreement in August 2019.

In 2020, we also continued to pursue the goal of creating an organization and infrastructure
that provide optimum support for the business, and therefore made further adjustments to the
structure of our enabling functions. For example, we merged the Internal Audit & Risk
Management functions to form the enabling function Internal Audit & Risk Management. In
addition, we realigned the IT department to accelerate our digital transformation, with leading

IT service providers now providing a range of services and operating our global IT infrastructure.
Internally, the IT function is now focusing more on innovative digital solutions along the entire
value chain.

The size of the Board of Management was reduced to five members at the start of the year, after
the Supervisory Board had passed a resolution to this effect in September 2019. Responsibilities
were reassigned as part of the move, with the role of Labor Director, for instance, being
transferred to the Chairman of the Board of Management.

In January 2021, the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG announced the appointment of Sarena Lin as
a member of the Board of Management. Effective February 1, she became Chief Transformation
and Talent Officer, assuming responsibility for Human Resources, Strategy and Business
Consulting. Lin also began her role as Labor Director on the same date.

At the start of 2020, we simplified the value flows and aligned them with our structural changes
and our steering logic, necessitating the restatement of prior-period data. The costs of the
enabling functions are now mainly allocated to the income statements of the divisions directly or
using a reduced number of allocation keys that are standardized across the Group. Further
information on these adjustments and their impact on our key financial data is given in

B Consolidated Financial Statements.

A1A2/N

Bayer Group Structure in 2020

Board of Management
LS ee

Enabling functions

/*


--- Page 3 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure

Our divisions are active in the following areas:

Crop Science is the world’s leading agriculture enterprise, with businesses in crop protection,
seeds and digital farming. We offer a broad portfolio of high-value seeds, improved plant traits,
innovative chemical and biological crop protection products, digital solutions and extensive
customer service for sustainable agriculture. We market these products primarily via wholesalers
and retailers or directly to farmers. In addition, we market pest and weed control products and
services to professional users outside the agriculture industry. Most of our crop protection
products are manufactured at the division’s own production sites. Numerous decentralized
formulation and filling sites enable the company to respond quickly to the needs of local markets.
The breeding, propagation, production and/or processing of seeds, including seed dressing, take
place at locations close to our customers, either at our own facilities or under contract.

Pharmaceuticals concentrates on prescription products, especially for cardiology and women’s
health care, and on specialty therapeutics focused on the areas of oncology, hematology,
ophthalmology and, in the medium term, cell and gene therapy. We have established an
independent strategic unit for cell and gene therapy that reports directly to the head of
Pharmaceuticals. The division also comprises the radiology business, which markets diagnostic
imaging equipment together with the necessary contrast agents. Our portfolio includes a

range of key products that are among the world’s leading pharmaceuticals for their indications.
The prescription products of our Pharmaceuticals Division are primarily distributed through
wholesalers, pharmacies and hospitals.

Consumer Health is a leading supplier of nonprescription (OTC = over-the-counter) medicines,
nutritional supplements, medicated skincare products and other self-care solutions in the
categories of pain, cardiovascular risk prevention, dermatology, nutritional supplements, digestive
health, allergy, and cough & cold. The products are generally sold by pharmacies and pharmacy
chains, supermarkets, online retailers and other large and small retailers.

The enabling functions, such as Group Finance, Information Technology and Human Resources,
serve as Group-wide competence centers and bundle business support processes and services.


--- Page 4 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020

A Combined Management Report
1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure

/*

More information on the divisions’ products and activities is contained in the following table:

A4.1.2/2

ion/ Application / Business

Core activities and markets

Main products and brands'

Crop Science

Herbicides

Chemical crop protection products to control weeds

Roundup™, Adengo™, Alion™, Corvus™,
Atlantis™, XtendiMax™

Corn Seed & Traits

Seeds and traits for corn

Dekalb™, SmartStax™ RIB Complete,
VT Double™ PRO, VT Triple™ PRO, Vitala

Soybean Seed & Traits

Seeds and traits for soybeans

Asgrow™, Intacta RR2PRO™ Roundup Ready 2
Xtend™, Roundup Ready 2 Yield™, XtendFlex™

Fungicides Biological and chemical products to protect crop Fox™, Luna™, Nativo™, Serenade™, Xpro™
plants from fungal diseases
Insecticides Biological and chemical products to protect crop BioAct™, Confidor™, Movento™, Sivanto™

plants from harmful insects and their larvae

Environmental Science

Products for professional pest control, vector control,
forestry, golf courses and parks, railway tracks,
products for consumer lawn and garden use

Ficam™, Maxforce™, Esplanade™,
K-Othrine™, Fludora™ Fusion

Vegetable Seeds

Vegetable seeds

Seminis™, DeRuiter™

Digital Agriculture

Digital applications for agriculture

Climate FieldView™

Other

Seeds and traits for cotton, oilseed rape/canola, rice
and wheat as well as biological and chemical seed
treatment products to protect against fungal diseases
and pests

Gaucho™, Bollgard™ I, Boligard™ Il
XtendFlex™, Cotton, Deltapine™

Pharmaceuticals

Cardiology Hypertension, pulmonary hypertension, heart attack Xarelto™, Adalat™, Aspirin™ Cardio,
and stroke, thrombosis, coronary artery disease Adempas™, Verquvo™
(CAD), peripheral artery disease (PAD), symptomatic
chronic heart failure
Oncology Liver cancer, renal cell carcinoma, thyroid carcinoma, _ Nexavar™, Nubega™, Xofigo™, Stivarga™,
prostate cancer, colorectal cancer, gastrointestinal Aliqopa™, Vitrakvi™
stromal tumors (GIST), follicular lymphoma, solid
tumors with NTRK gene fusions
Ophthalmology Visual impairment due to age-related macular Eylea™
degeneration (AMD), diabetic macular edema (DME) or
retinal vein occlusion (RVO)
Hematology Hemophilia A Kogenate™ /Kovaltry™ /Jivi™

Women’s health

Contraception, gynecological therapy

Mirena™ product family, Yaz™ product family,
Visanne™

Infectious diseases

Bacterial infections

Avalox™/Avelox™, Cipro™, Ciprobay™

Radiology Contrast agents; diagnostic imaging equipment for Gadovist™, Ultravist™, Medrad Spectris
use with contrast agents Solaris™, Medrad Stellant™
Neurology Multiple sclerosis Betaferon™ /Betaseron™

Consumer Health

Dermatology

Wound care, skin care, skin and intimate health

Bepanthen™, Canesten™

Nutritionals

Multivitamin products, dietary supplements

One A Day™, Elevit™, Berocca™, Supradyn™,
Redoxon™

Pain and Cardio

General pain relief and cardiovascular risk prevention

Aspirin™, Aleve™

Digestive Health

Digestive health complaints

Alka-Seltzer™, MiraLAX™, Rennie™,
berogast™

Allergy, Cough & Cold

Allergies, cough and cold

Claritin™, Aspirin™, Alka-Seltzer™, Afrin™

The order of the products listed is no indication of their importance.


--- Page 5 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report

1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure

/*

We operate sites around the world, and some are used by multiple divisions. As of December 31,
2020, the Bayer Group comprised 385 consolidated companies in 83 countries.

A 1.1.2/3
Bayer Worldwide 2020
Belgium France
Antwerp CSta Gaillard CHA
Germany Lyon CS&
Bergkamen PH ts Sophia Antipolis CSA
Berlin PH 2 lw Villefranche CS la
Bitterfeld-Wolfen CHia Italy
Darmstadt CHA Garbagnate PH ber
Frankfurt am Main CS Ab Bergschenhoek CSh
United States Grenzach CH lt Norway
Berkeley PHA le Hiirth-Knapsack CS gag pHa
Boston/Cambridge PHA Cologne PH a witeerland
. Leverkusen B [PH &
Kansas City CS bat Basel pHa B\cHe
: Monheim am Rhein csa
Luling CS lw cs
j Weimar PH ty Muttenz “
Morristown CHA Spal
Muscatine CS ta Wuppertal PHA Span
. Alcala CH ba
Myerstown CH ts Finland
San Francisco PHA Turku PH A
Saxonburg PH be
Soda Springs CS tat
St. Louis B|csaB
Whippany | PHAB|CHA
Woodland CSA

in America

Argentina
Buenos Aires. B
Pilar. CH be
Zarate CS tas
Brazil
Belford Roxo CS bas
Camagari CS bat
Petrolina CSA China
Sao José dos Campos CS ba Beijing | PH A te
Sao Paulo BicsaB Qidong CHA
Mexico India
Lerma CH bee Thane B
Mexico City & Vapi CS tw
Indonesia
CS: Crop Science Cimanggis CH bet
PH: Pharmaceuticals Japan
CH: Consumer Health Koka pH ke
A Significant research and development location Osaka PH a
kt Significant production location
Significant administrative site Tokyo PHA



--- Page 6 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
1.2 Strategy and Management

1.2 Strategy and Management

Long-term profitable growth in focus

Innovative solutions support “Health for all,
hunger for none” vision

Ambitious sustainability targets for the entire Group
Accelerated global trends demand faster corporate transformation

COVID-19 pandemic highlights systemic importance of our
business activities

1.2.1 Strategy and Targets

Group strategy

A growing and aging world population and the increasing strain on nature’s ecosystems are
among the major challenges facing humanity. As a global leader in health and nutrition, we are
able to play a key role in devising solutions to tackle these challenges.

Guided by our purpose “Science for a better life,” we deliver breakthrough innovations in health
care and agriculture. We contribute to a world in which diseases are not only treated but
effectively prevented or cured, in which people can take better care of their own health needs,
and in which enough agriculture products are produced while respecting our planet’s natural
resources. That's because at Bayer, we believe that growth and sustainability should go hand in
hand. In short, we are working to make our vision “Health for all, hunger for none” a reality.

Our strategy as a diversified life science company remains unchanged, especially in the current
situation, with the systemic relevance and resilience of our businesses becoming particularly
evident in the face of the global COVID-19 pandemic. At the same time, the pandemic has
accelerated a number of trends, meaning that we need to execute our strategy and implement the
transformation of our company at a faster pace.

We focus on four strategic levers to deliver attractive returns for our shareholders while also
making a positive contribution to society and the environment:

// \Ne develop innovative products and solutions and leverage cutting-edge research to
address unmet societal challenges. As part of these endeavors, we are improving our access to
innovation by collaborating with third parties. In addition, we are working on disruptive
technologies, for example through our Leaps by Bayer activities, while also continuing to drive
the digitalization of our entire value chain.

// Ne drive the operational performance of our business by optimizing our resource allocation.
Alongside our ongoing efficiency and structural measures, we have also launched a program to
accelerate our transformation.

// Sustainability is an integral part of our business strategy, operations and compensation
system. We make a positive contribution to society and the environment. Our ambitious targets
for 2030 are fully in step with the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals and the
climate targets of the Paris Agreement.

/*


--- Page 7 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
1.2 Strategy and Management

// As a global leader in health and nutrition, we continue to develop our business. We create
value with strategy-based resource allocation focused on profitable growth. We are active in
regulated and highly profitable sectors that are driven by innovation and in which we have
the objective to grow ahead of the competition.

These four strategic levers underpin the strategies of our divisions.

Strategies of the divisions

Crop Science

Global agriculture and food systems are confronted with major challenges, such as climate
change, water scarcity and population growth. At the same time, megatrends in e-commerce,
digital ecosystems, food security and alternative energy are driving a structural transformation
of agricultural markets. The sector has to meet the needs of a growing population while at the
same time promoting sustainability and protecting our ecosystems.

By leveraging our R&D expertise and leading positions in seeds, traits, crop protection and digital
farming, we are actively addressing the challenges our industry is facing.

Our near- to medium-term growth will primarily be driven by product innovations in crop a
protection, seeds and traits. To fuel long-term growth, we are also tapping into new business See also A 1.3
areas such as digital farming. Our leading position in this field allows us to tailor the solutions we

offer our customers, automate processes and increase the productivity of our R&D pipeline. We

are digitally connecting farms, creating an industry-wide ecosystem aimed at bringing new pools

of value to our customers. In the longer term, our data-based models and digitally enabled

services will supplement or in some cases replace what is currently our core business.

We see this optimized form of agriculture in the future as part of the solution to the growing loss
of biodiversity and increasing climate change. At the same time, it also needs to produce enough
healthy food at affordable prices.

To increase food security, we aim to empower 100 million smallholder farmers in low- and middle-
income countries by improving access to agronomic knowledge, products, services and
partnerships. We will do this by expanding our product and service portfolio, including with
tailored digital solutions. As part of this endeavor, we are also partnering with research institutes,
nongovernmental organizations, companies and social start-ups.

We also aim to reduce the environmental impact of crop protection by 30% in key cropping
systems and decrease field greenhouse gas emissions by 30% in the most emitting cropping
systems that we serve by 2030. In late July, we launched our Bayer Carbon Initiative which
rewards farmers in Brazil and the United States for adopting climate-smart practices such as
no- or low-till farming and the use of cover crops. This program is enabled by our digital platform
and serves as a tangible step toward delivering on our goals.

Pharmaceuticals

Throughout the world, an aging population is leading to a growing number of chronic diseases

and the increased occurrence of multiple conditions. The convergence of biology and data A

science will be a key element for innovation in Pharmaceuticals. Digital technologies can transform See also A 1.3
the way health care is delivered, while cell and gene therapy has the potential to cure severe

diseases. Furthermore, the pandemic has accelerated the digital transformation of health care

provision.


--- Page 8 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 34
1.2 Strategy and Management

We are helping to drive medical progress through our focus on researching, developing and
marketing innovative medicines. Our near- to medium-term growth is driven by key products,
such as Xarelto™ and Eylea™, and will be further fueled by several promising late-stage R&D
pipeline candidates, such as finerenone, and recently launched products, such as Verquvo™ and
Nubeqa™. To safeguard long-term growth, we continue to invest in R&D in therapeutic areas with
a substantial need for innovation. Moreover, we are expanding our efforts to access external
innovation through research collaborations and in-licensing, capturing continued growth
opportunities in biologics and novel technologies.

Building on the acquisition of BlueRock Therapeutics LP, United States, and strengthened internal
capabilities in cell and gene therapy, we have established an independent strategic unit for cell
and gene therapy. We significantly strengthened this unit with the acquisition of Asklepios
BioPharmaceutical, Inc. (AskBio), United States, a biopharma company specialized in the R&D
and manufacturing of gene therapies across different therapeutic areas, which adds an industry-
leading, adeno-associated virus (AAV)-based gene therapy platform with demonstrated
applicability and a number of preclinical and clinical-stage candidates. We aim to further
accelerate the implementation of our long-term innovation strategy.

Our sustainability agenda includes improving access to medicines. We are therefore applying
tiered pricing principles globally, in order to set price levels according to a country’s ability to pay.
Another key focus is on improving women’s health and strengthening their role in society by
helping to promote gender equality and women’s economic participation. As part of this
endeavor, we are leveraging our leading position in women’s health and are aiming to provide
100 million women in low- and middle-income countries with access to modern contraception

by 2030. This includes partnerships such as The Challenge Initiative through Johns Hopkins
University, together with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, that supports family planning

in poor urban settlements. In addition, we remain committed to combating neglected tropical
diseases and noncommunicable diseases (such as through the Ghana Heart Initiative).

Consumer Health

Rising health care costs, changing demographics and evolving health awareness of consumers.
continue to make self-care more relevant, and are expected to fuel solid long-term growth in the
consumer health care market. The COVID-19 pandemic has further raised awareness about the
importance of self-care and accelerated the move toward digitalization, as well as driving growth
in categories like nutritional supplements.

We provide consumers with products, services and information that empower them to transform A

their everyday health. Our strategy focuses on our core categories, as well as the transition of See also A 1.1.2
prescription medicines to nonprescription status. We drive profitable growth through excellence in

the development of innovative solutions and through execution excellence in marketing, sales and

product supply.

The digital transformation and our sustainability agenda are the accelerators driving forward the A
implementation of our strategy at Consumer Health. See also A 1.3

We are digitalizing all areas of our operations, including marketing, sales, supply chain and R&D
to engage better with consumers, customers, and healthcare professionals while driving efficiency
and flexibility. In addition, we are pursuing an agile innovation model with external partners to
discover new sources of growth. By acquiring a majority stake in Care/of, a personalized nutrition
company, we have gained access to a new business model that enables us to provide consumers
with individual, tailored solutions.


--- Page 9 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
1.2 Strategy and Management

Moreover, our sustainability ambition has two focus areas. Firstly, it focuses on expanding access
to everyday health for 100 million people in underserved communities. Secondly, it focuses on
investing in sustainable solutions to support a healthier planet by 2030. We have embedded the
sustainability strategy into our operating model across the entire value chain.

Sustainability

As a leading company in health and nutrition, we will contribute significantly toward meeting the
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations through our innovations, products
and services, addressing some of the most fundamental challenges of our time.

We are making significant progress in this regard. We have started a far-reaching decarbonization
program across the company, contributing in this way to meeting the target to limit global
warming to 1.5°C as confirmed by the Science Based Target initiative. To reduce emissions by
more than 42% by the end of 2029, we are implementing energy efficiency measures at our sites,
and will purchase 100% electricity from renewable sources. We have committed to becoming
climate-neutral in our own operations by 2030 by offsetting all remaining emissions through the
purchase of certificates from certified climate protection projects that satisfy externally recognized
quality standards. We are also cooperating with our suppliers and customers to reduce our
greenhouse gas emissions along the upstream and downstream value chain by at least 12.3% by
2029. The above-described in-field decarbonization efforts of our Crop Science Division
supplement these commitments and should make significant contributions in the value chains of
the agricultural industry.

We will continue forging ahead with decarbonization also after 2030. As a signatory to the
Business Ambition for 1.5°C, we have committed to reaching net zero emissions in our entire
value chain by 2050.

Our Group-wide sustainability targets have been included in the compensation system of our
Board of Management and other employees eligible to participate. From 2021 onward,
quantitative sustainability targets will account for 20% of the target attainment within the long-
term incentive.

Sustainable behavior is an integral part of our LIFE values and our Bayer Societal Engagement
(BASE) principles. These values and principles form our code of conduct and guide our
relationships with all societal stakeholders, from employees and suppliers to customers, investors
and scientists.

The recently established external Sustainability Council supports us with a critical-constructive
perspective on all sustainability matters. It is composed of renowned, independent experts who
advise the Board of Management and provide input within our business on all matters related to
sustainability. The contributions of the Sustainability Council inform our strategic planning going
forward.

Targets and key performance indicators

Our strategy is aimed at achieving long-term profitable growth balanced with our responsibility for
the environment and society. To advance and measure the implementation of our strategy, we
have set ambitious Group targets.

/*


--- Page 10 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 36
1.2 Strategy and Management

AL2A/1
‘inancial Group Targets
Target attainment Target for 2021 at Target for 2021
Target in 2020 Dec. 31, 2020, closing rates (currency-adjusted)
Group sales (Fx & p adj. change);
Revised 2020 outlook issued in August: increase by €43.3 billion approx. €41 billion approx.€42 to €48 billion
0 to 1% (Fx & p adj.) to €43 billion to €44 billion +0.6% Fx &p adj.: approx. +3% Fx &p adj.: approx +3%

EBITDA margin before special items;
Revised 2020 outlook issued in August:
approx. 28% (Fx adj.) 28.1% approx. 26% approx. 27%

Gore earnings per share;
Revised 2020 outlook issued in August:

€6.70 to €6.90 (Fx adj.) €6.92 €5.60 to €5.80 €6.10 to €6.30
Free cash flow

Revised 2020 outlook issued in August: approx. minus €3 to approx. minus €3 to
minus €0.5 billion to €0 billion €1.3 billion minus €4 billion minus €4 billion

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted

See A 2.1.1 Economic Position and Target Attainment for further information on the attainment of
our Group financial targets, and A 3.1.2 Corporate Outlook for our financial targets for 2021.

A1.21/2
Nonfinancial Group Targets Through 2030
Target’ Base year 2019 2020 ‘Target for 2030
Number of smallholder farmers in LMICs* who have received support 42 million 45 million 100 million
Number of women in LMICs? who have gained access to modern contraception 38 million 40 million 100 million
Number of people in underserved® communities whose self-care needs
have been supported by Bayer interventions 41 million 43 million 100 million
3.76 million 3.58 million
Scope 1 & 2‘ greenhouse gas emissions metric tons metric tons 42% decrease®.’
8.87 million 7.88 million
Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions from relevant® categories metric tons metric tons 12.3% decrease®-’
O million 0.20 million
Off-setting of remaining Scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas emissions in 2030 metric tons metric tons 100%

1 A more detailed description of the calculation methodologies is published on our website www.bayer.com/en/sustainability.

2 Low- and middle-income countries

° From a financial or medical perspective

* Covering Scope 1 & 2 emissions (market-based) of sites that have an energy consumption in excess of 1.5 terajoules; 2019 figures restated owing to a
recalculation of fleet emissions; Scope 1 & 2 emissions audited to obtain reasonable assurance

5 Corresponding to the sustainability target of limiting global temperature rise to 1.5°C above pre-industrial level

® Corresponding to the sustainability target of limiting global temperature rise to below 2°C above pre-industrial level

7 By the end of 2029

® In accordance with the criteria set out by the Science-Based Targets initiative, the Scope 3 categories relevant for our goal include emissions in the
following categories: (1) purchased goods and services, (2) capital goods, (3) fuel- and energy-related activities, (4) upstream transportation and distribution, and
(6) business travel

In our Crop Science Division, we helped smallholder farmers to increase productivity in 2020 by
supplying high-quality seeds and crop protection products, while also delivering insecticides
that provide protection against malaria. Through these efforts, we have already supported

45 million smallholder farmers in the respective countries. Compared to the 2019 baseline, this
represents an improvement of around three million smallholder farmers. Moving forward, we will
also increasingly support smallholder farmers with the help of partnerships and digital services.

In our Pharmaceuticals Division, our local sales activities for modern contraception are primarily
supplemented by global aid programs (such as the United Nations’ Population Fund, UNFPA)
for which we offer our products on favorable terms. The number of women supported in this
way increased from 38 million in the 2019 base year to 40 million in 2020. From 2021, this
figure will also take into account support provided through partnerships that we have recently
entered into, such as with the Bill & Melinda Gates Institute at Johns Hopkins University as

part of “The Challenge Initiative.”


--- Page 11 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 37
1.2 Strategy and Management

In our Consumer Health Division, we are making our products available to low-income
consumers locally at affordable conditions (by adjusting sizes and pricing), while at the same

: time enhancing our product portfolio in a targeted manner. As part of this endeavor, we aim to
provide products that address unmet medical need. We supplement our local business
activities by collaborating with strategic partners, sharing health-related knowledge and
engaging in appropriate lobbying work as we look to empower people in underserved
communities to take charge of their everyday health. Through our efforts, we were already able
to reach 43 million people in 2020 (41 million in 2019), with the increase in demand for our
products partly attributable to the greater focus on health and prevention in connection with the
COVID-19 pandemic. By launching a strategic partnership initiative in 2021, we aim to improve
access to micronutrients for up to four million underserved pregnant women and their babies in
over 50 countries.

As part of our climate strategy, we reduced Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by ha)

0.18 million metric tons of COz equivalents in 2020. In the categories that are relevant for our See A 1.7 Environmental
attainment of the Scope 3 Science Based Target, we reduced emissions by 0.99 million metric Protection and Safety
tons of CO2 equivalents.

1.2.2 Sustainability Management

Our strategic focus on sustainability represents our targeted approach toward increasing the 8
overall societal impact of our business activities. The Chairman of the Board of Management See the Sustainability
assumes responsibility for this strategy in his role as Chief Sustainability Officer. He is supported Report for more detailed

information:
www.bayer.com/
sustainability-report

by the Public Affairs, Science and Sustainability enabling function, which develops nonfinancial
targets and key performance indicators as well as management systems and corporate policies.
To enable operational implementation throughout the value chain, we have established a
sustainability organization in each of our divisions and integrated sustainability aspects into the
processes of our enabling functions.

Our commitment to the U.N. Global Compact and the Responsible Care™ initiative of the
chemical industry and our involvement in the World Business Council for Sustainable Development

(WBCSD) underline our mission as a company that acts sustainably.

Materiality analysis and stakeholder dialogue

We ascertain the expectations and requirements of our various stakeholders using a materiality 6
analysis, which surveys external stakeholders and internal managerial employees from various www.bayer.com/
areas of the company throughout the world. The results of this reveal the latest developments materiality

along with sustainability-related opportunities and risks. Areas of activity with very high relevance
from an internal and external perspective are accounted for in our strategic lever of sustainability
and reflected in our nonfinancial Group targets. The current materiality analysis confirmed the
following key areas of activity:

// Innovation

// Access to health care

// Sustainable food supply

// Product stewardship

// Climate and environmental protection
// Business ethics

As part of our stakeholder engagement process, which is underpinned by a dedicated guideline,
we approach key social and political players and canvass their support from the outset in strategic
decision-making processes regarding new projects such as investment projects and launches of
new products.


--- Page 12 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 38
1.2 Strategy and Management

Respect for human rights

The observance of human rights is a fundamental basis of our actions. Bayer fully respects and 6

promotes human rights and has documented its stance in a globally binding corporate policy www.bayer.com/en/
entitled the Bayer Human Rights Policy. Directives, processes and management and monitoring sustainability/human-
systems control the implementation of human rights standards in business operations. In 2020, rights

we began developing a human rights strategy for the Group, which we will complete in the first

half of 2021, and are also updating Bayer’s Human Rights Policy as part of this process.

We began devising a specific human rights training program in 2020 to help our employees better
understand our Human Rights Policy and the associated challenges. To support our updated
policy, this program is scheduled for roll-out in 2021. In addition, we have offered corresponding
training programs for many years to enhance employees’ awareness of the importance of human
rights in their day-to-day activities. In 2020, around 80% of our employees received training in
aspects of our current Human Rights Policy. We also demand that our business partners,
particularly our suppliers, fully observe human rights.

We are a founding member of the U.N. Global Compact and respect the Universal Declaration of
Human Rights, the U.N. Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, and a range of
globally recognized declarations applicable to multinational corporations, including the OECD
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, the Tripartite Declaration of Principles concerning
Multinational Enterprises and Social Policy, and the core labor standards of the International
Labour Organization (ILO).

Within the context of our risk management process, we conduct a risk analysis of the potentially AB

adverse consequences of our operating activities for human rights. In 2020, we did not establish See A 3.2 for further
any adverse potential consequences to be reported in accordance with the CSR Directive information on the risk
Implementation Act (CSR-RUG). management process

Foundation and charity activities

Bayer continues to be socially engaged worldwide in keeping with our purpose “Science for a
better life.” In 2020, Bayer and the Bayer Fund made financial aid of around €57 million (2019:
€61 million) available worldwide for charitable projects and activities in the areas of research and
education, social innovation in health and nutrition, and support for the communities near our
sites. In addition, we provided our own products and material aid worth more than €100 million.
The global activities of the Bayer Science & Education Foundation and the Bayer Cares
Foundation are a component of our societal engagement. The U.S.-based Bayer Fund also
supports a wide range of initiatives in the areas of community assistance, nutrition, education and
disaster aid. Group-wide allocation and management policies form the basis for our donation
activities; the Board of Management is involved in major funding decisions.

A Board of Trustees comprising members from inside and outside the company coordinates

the yearly alignment of all programs. A Science Council comprising five internationally recognized
scientists was newly established in 2020 to decide on the awarding of research prizes and
scholarships from the foundations.

Money from the €20 million Social Innovation Ecosystem Fund of the Bayer Cares Foundation
was used in 2020 to promote innovative technological and social entrepreneurial solutions in the
fields of health care and agriculture. The main objective of the fund is to enable smallholder
farmers in Sub-Saharan Africa to lift themselves and their families out of poverty through their own
agricultural smallholdings and improved access to medical care. Five pioneering social enterprises
were supported by this fund in 2020.

Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have provided donations of products,
equipment and money worth €29 million in over 60 countries to fight the pandemic. In Germany,
for example, we have turned research laboratories at our Berlin site into test laboratories at short
notice and granted leave of absence to more than 140 employees to perform the tests. In Mali,


--- Page 13 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 39
1.2 Strategy and Management

Senegal, Uganda and Kenya, the Bayer Cares Foundation provided charitable health care
organizations with immediate financial assistance to promote innovative projects to stem the
pandemic. As part of our commitment we also provided our employees worldwide with protective
masks for everyday use.

1.2.3 Management Systems

Planning and steering

Economic planning and steering are conducted in line with the frameworks that are set for the
Group and the divisions by the Board of Management in the course of the strategic planning
process and are translated into specific targets during operational planning. The planning and
steering process is complemented by the continuous monitoring of business developments, with
key management and performance indicators being updated regularly. It is on this basis that
strategic objectives are implemented and countermeasures are initiated in the event of deviations
from the budget. In addition, the Board of Management uses predominantly nonfinancial targets
and performance indicators to steer the company’s sustainable alignment.

The following financial indicators are employed to plan, steer and monitor the development of
our business:

Operational management indicators

The main parameters in performance management at the operational level are sales, earnings a

and cash flow data, which also form the basis of short-term variable compensation. Growth is See also A 2.3
measured in terms of the change in sales after adjusting for currency and portfolio effects

(Fx & portfolio adj.) in order to reflect the operational business development of the Group and the

divisions. A key measure of profitability is the EBITDA margin before special items, which is the

ratio of EBITDA before special items to sales. Another important profitability indicator for the Bayer

Group is core earnings per share, which is the core net income divided by the weighted average

number of shares. The free cash flow - an absolute indicator — shows the generation of freely

available financial resources and also reflects the company’s financial strength and earning power.

Strategic value management indicator: return on capital employed (ROCE)

Return on capital employed (ROCE) is used as a strategic metric to measure the company’s B
operating profit after taxes in relation to the average capital employed. Comparing ROCE against See also A 2.2.3
the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) on an annual basis illustrates the level of value and A 2.3

creation. In addition, it forms part of our long-term stock-based cash compensation (LTI).

Total shareholder return

We aim to create shareholder value and thus maximize the returns we deliver for our stockholders.
Total shareholder return, which is determined based on the change in the share price over the
measurement period plus any dividends paid in the interim, also forms part of the LTI.

Integrated management system

We maintain a Group-wide integrated management system (IMS), which is detailed in a corporate
policy. The IMS provides a framework for all management systems at Bayer, ensuring compliance
with the law and with internal and external requirements while also ensuring efficient ways of
working. This is achieved through internal regulations and applicable processes involving clear
roles and responsibilities. It also encompasses effective risk management and as such helps to
safeguard our company’s license to operate.


--- Page 14 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 40
1.3 Focus on Innovation

1.3 Focus on Innovation

Final key authorization for XtendFlex™ soybeans received in the
European Union; full launch in the United States and Canada in 2021
is now possible

Regulatory approval in the United States for Verquvo™ (vericiguat)
to treat chronic heart failure strengthens cardiovascular portfolio

Acquisition of AskBio builds on newly established cell and gene
therapy platform to transform groundbreaking technologies into
treatment options for therapeutic areas with a high medical need

Access to a new business model through the acquisition of Care/of,
a provider of personalized nutritional supplements

Bayer joins international AMR Action Fund to develop urgently
needed novel antibiotics

Innovation is one of the Bayer Group’s strategic levers. Our new solutions generate added value ha)
for our customers and society. Our activities focus on innovative products based on our research See A 1.2.2 “Foundation
and development (R&D) competencies supplemented with process, service and business model and charity activities” for

innovations. We also focus on social innovation to improve the living conditions for people in elec lead

developing countries and disadvantaged individuals in our society.

Our innovations help us contribute to solving global challenges in medical care and agriculture.
In addition to the strong innovative capabilities of our employees throughout the company, our
efforts are driven by excellence in R&D, a broad open innovation network, and the use of new,
groundbreaking technologies with a particular focus on data science insights. In addition, our
internal “WeSolve” online platform enables all employees to engage in innovation trends and
current projects.

Partnerships are integral to our innovation strategy, ensuring access to complementary a
technologies and expertise. We enter into strategic alliances with various partners such as See the division sections
universities, governmental agencies, start-ups, suppliers and industry partners. of this chapter for further

details on collaborations

We maintain a global network of R&D locations, which employ roughly 15,100 Bayer employees.
In 2020, our research and development spend before special items amounted to €4,884 million
(2019: €5,282 million).

We have worked hard on protection concepts to ensure that our research and development
activities can continue largely without interruption during the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition,
employees from our R&D organizations joined international research consortiums to make an
active contribution to solutions aimed at controlling the COVID-19 virus.

Excellence in research and development

The activities we pursue are aligned with the innovation strategies of our divisions and are aimed B

at improving human and plant health and safeguarding stable harvests in agriculture. As part of See the following
these efforts, we are increasingly employing data science methods. At our subsidiary The Climate subsections for further
Corporation, for example, we use artificial intelligence and machine learning to help farmers details

achieve better yields through optimized seed selection and harvest analysis, as well as weather

and pest infestation forecasts.

A cross-divisional R&D platform for data sciences is used to generate new solutions. This platform
facilitates dialogue and enables the efficient processing of large volumes of data from R&D, for


--- Page 15 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 41
1.3 Focus on Innovation

example by networking our bioinformatics experts across divisional and site boundaries.
Furthermore, the inaugural Data Science Summit was held in February as a platform for experts
from inside and outside the company to share data science insights.

In 2020, the Bayer R&D Executive Committee developed the new Bayer Science Fellows Program
2.0, creating a global community of active and engaged Bayer scientists from across our
divisions. The focus here is on scientific excellence, the willingness to engage in multidisciplinary
cooperation and advise Bayer management in science strategy, and the transfer of expertise to
colleagues. Bayer Science Fellows represent Bayer R&D in national and international scientific
communities, the media and civil society, thus actively contributing to our mission “Science for a
better life.”

Leaps by Bayer
Through Leaps by Bayer, we invest in disruptive innovations in the areas of health and nutrition.

The research activities of Leaps by Bayer are focused on applying and further developing new 8
technologies with the potential to solve some of humankind’s most pressing problems (the ten www.leaps.bayer.com/
“leaps”) and thus make an important contribution to the Sustainable Development Goals of the approach#1Oleaps

United Nations. The Leaps by Bayer portfolio comprised investments in more than 35 biotech
start-ups in 2020. Last year we concluded the following agreements:

In the agriculture sector, we partnered with the Singapore sovereign wealth fund Temasek to
establish the start-up Unfold Bio Inc., California, United States, with the aim of developing
innovative vegetable seed that can be efficiently and sustainably cultivated in vertical farming.
Unfold is the world's first company to focus not on the technical infrastructure, but rather on the
biology and genetic potential of vegetable crops.

Leaps by Bayer also invested in Apollo Agriculture Ltd., Kenya, a start-up that uses digital,
chemical and financial tools to help African smallholder farmers grow crops under suboptimal
climatic conditions. By investing in the U.S. start-up company Rantizo Inc., we became involved
for the first time in agricultural drones that offer the potential to deploy chemical and biological
crop protection agents in a targeted and thus conservative way.

Ukko Inc., a biotech company headquartered in Israel, also joined the Leaps by Bayer portfolio.
Ukko has set itself the goal of eliminating food allergies by using artificial intelligence to modify
proteins and in this way develop therapeutic approaches to treat gluten intolerances or peanut
allergies, for example. The applications for these innovations also have relevance in the
agricultural and pharmaceutical fields.

Leaps by Bayer’s activities in health care are diverse and include, for example, an investment in
Metagenomi Technologies LLC, United States, which aims to find ways to cure genetic diseases
through novel gene editing technologies. We also invested in Vesigen Therapeutics Inc., United
States, with the goal of focusing modern cell and gene therapies on specific cells in the body,
which is considered an especially critical supporting technology. Furthermore, we have joined a
financing round for Senti Biosciences, Inc., a U.S. biotech company which is a leader in the use of
synthetic biology to engineer gene circuits to improve cell and gene therapy products.

The strategic partnership into which we have entered with Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
United States, comprises not only an investment via Leaps by Bayer but also close cooperation
with the R&D areas of our Pharmaceuticals Division right from the early stages. The objective is
to merge Recursion’s Al platform with our molecule library in order to discover new active
substances and develop innovative therapies to treat fibrotic diseases of the lung, kidney, heart
and other organs.


--- Page 16 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 42
1.3 Focus on Innovation

In the area of immuno-oncology, we invested in Triumvira Immunologics Inc., Texas, United
States, a leading company in the field of T-cell therapy.

In microbiome research, furthermore, we invested in Azitra Inc., United States, with the aim of
assembling a joint platform to develop novel antimicrobial dermatological products.

Leaps by Bayer has also invested in the foundation and incubation of early-stage biotech
companies as part of the Israeli company FutuRx Ltd.

We also continued to strengthen our existing portfolio, injecting additional capital into
companies including InforMed Data Systems Inc. (OneDrop), Dewpoint Therapeutics Inc.,
NewLeaf Symbiotics, Inc. and Immunitas Therapeutics.

We also launched the AMR Action Fund together with more than 20 leading biopharmaceutical
companies. The AMR Action Fund is a groundbreaking partnership that also includes
philanthropies, development banks and multilateral organizations and is focused on making two to
four new antibiotics available by 2030. These treatments are urgently needed to address the rapid
rise of infections that do not respond to treatment with existing antibiotics due to antimicrobial
resistance (AMR).

Patents protect Bayer’s intellectual property

Reliable global protection of intellectual property rights is particularly important for an innovation
company like Bayer. In most cases, it would be impossible to cover the high costs incurred in
the research and development of innovative products without this protection. We are therefore
committed worldwide to protecting both the international patent system and our own intellectual
property. Depending on the legal framework, we endeavor to obtain patent protection for our
products and technologies in major markets. When we successfully market patent-protected
products, we are able to reinvest the profits in sustainable research and development.

The term of a patent is normally 20 years from the date the application is filed. Since it takes an
average of 11 to 13 years to develop a new medicine or crop protection active ingredient, only
seven to nine years of patent protection remain following the product’s approval. The same
applies to the development of new transgenic traits. To nevertheless provide an adequate
incentive to make the necessary major investments in research and development, the European
Union member states, the United States, Japan and some other countries extend patent terms or
issue supplementary protection certificates to compensate for the shortening of the effective
protection period for pharmaceutical and crop protection patents, but not for transgenic traits.

Crop Science

Working with digital applications and teams of experts, we develop a broad spectrum of tailored A
solutions that give farmers greater choice and enable them to achieve higher productivity in a Bayer worldwide:
sustainable manner. Our R&D organization comprises approximately 7,100 employees (2019: see also A 1.1.2/3

7,800)' operating in more than 50 countries around the world. We also enter into collaborations
with a large number of external partners under our Open Innovation model to strengthen our
innovation power.

Research and development capacities

Our R&D is focused on developing products for farmers and customers across multiple
indications, through multiple technology platforms, in order to increase agricultural productivity
while better protecting natural resources and at the same time making contributions to
sustainability. Using a targeted approach, we focus on bringing together our expertise across the
following disciplines to deliver more innovation faster:

| Including permanent and temporary employees


--- Page 17 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation

Our breeding innovations are aimed at improving crop yields, boosting resiliency against pests,
disease and a changing climate, and raising quality. We combine genomic, phenotypic and
environmental data with the use of advanced breeding methods and artificial intelligence (Al) to
develop new, innovative seed products. In 2020, we opened our automated greenhouse in
Marana, Arizona, United States, to serve as our new global product design center for corn. This
greenhouse’s operations are designed for the sustainable use of inputs and, by consolidating the
end-to-end breeding process, more advanced corn products can be developed faster.

Biotechnology — using genome editing and other molecular approaches — helps us to develop
solutions that strengthen plants’ resistance to insect pests, disease, weeds and other
environmental stresses, such as drought or high winds in a targeted manner. Biotechnology
makes possible sustainable farming with reduced pesticide use and conservative tillage practices
that are designed to preserve topsoil and decrease COz2 emissions.

In chemical crop protection, we discover, optimize and develop innovative, safe and sustainable
products with herbicidal, insecticidal and fungicidal activity. Our tailored solutions help farmers
achieve better harvests by managing threats in a more targeted manner. We are constantly
working on improving our current offerings and developing new molecules. Discovering new
modes of action (MOAs) is one of our main priorities. In 2020, we were able to announce the
discovery of a new herbicide molecule. The use of different MOAs for weed control is important
for managing herbicide resistance and enabling practices like no-till farming that help to sequester
greenhouse gases.

Our approach in biologicals encompasses a focus on microbial organisms and materials derived
from them. We are realigning our activities by partnering with innovation leaders. In addition to
microbes, we are also developing a broad range of biological solutions, including plant extracts.
Biologicals often enable us to reduce the use of synthetic chemicals, decreasing residue levels
and supporting resistance management strategies. By introducing microbials or other biological
product types into programs with traditional chemistry, we are building a more holistic application
system.

Digital solutions and data science, and in particular artificial intelligence, are transforming the
world of agriculture. The performance of seed and crop protection products depends heavily
on the environmental conditions and management practices under which they are used. With
FieldView™, our industry-leading digital farming platform, we have unparalleled insight into
field-specific information that enables us to use advanced modeling to make custom product
recommendations tailored to each individual acre. With these insights we are able to maximize
the value of our seed and chemistry portfolio for our farmer customers, as well as lead Bayer
toward digitally enabled business models and new opportunities for growth.

Research and development pipeline

Our product pipeline contains numerous new small molecule products, seed varieties, digital
products and biologicals that promote sustainable agriculture and help improve farmer
productivity. The following table shows new products in late development phases?, sorted
according to key crops, that are planned to be launched by 2023.

2 Products in late development phases have proven proof of concepts validated by field studies and are ready for hand-off to the
regulatory team for regulatory approvals.


--- Page 18 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 44
1.3 Focus on Innovation

A13/

Product Innovation Pipeline’
Crop/digital
application First launch Product group Indication Product/ trait / number of hybrids or varieties
Corn 2022 Biotechnology trait Pest management SmartStax PRO/VTPro4

2023 Biological Crop efficiency BioRise third-generation seed treatment

2023 Breeding / native trait Crop efficiency/ yield Short Stature Corn

Annual Breeding /native trait Crop efficiency > 150 new corn seed hybrids
Soybeans 2021 Biotechnology trait Pest management Intacta2Xtend Soybeans

2022 Crop protection Disease management Fox Supra (Indiflin)?

Annual Breeding /native trait Crop efficiency >150 new soybean seed varieties
Cotton 2021 Biotechnology trait Pest management ThryvOn Technology

Annual Breeding / native trait Crop efficiency >10 new cotton seed varieties
Horticulture 2021 Biological Disease management High-concentration biological for seed and soil

application (Minuet in U.S.A.)
Vegetables Annual Breeding /native trait Crop efficiency, disease ~ 130 new seed varieties launched with
management highlights in pepper, tomato and melon seed

All major Annual Biological/small molecule Crop efficiency, disease, pest ~ 8 new formulations of crop protection
crops LCM and weed management products between 2021-2023
Digital 2021 Digital /climate Crop efficiency Advanced seed prescription service for corn in
applications Argentina, Brazil and the EU

2022 Digital / climate Crop efficiency Seed Advisor tool within FieldView™ enabling

seed placement and density recommendations
for North American corn growers

As of December 2020
1 Planned market launch of selected new products, subject to regulatory approval
2 Co-development with Sumitomo

In 2020, we launched confirmatory technical proof-of-concept field studies for three new small
molecule or biological active ingredients and plant traits®. For 2021, we aim to launch confirmatory
technical proof-of-concept field studies for two to three new small molecule or biological active
ingredients and plant traits.

New products and registrations in 2020

Since the beginning of 2020, our latest fungicide innovation iblon™ technology has been available
to growers in New Zealand. iblon™ technology is based on the active ingredient isoflucypram,

a member of a new subclass in the family of succinate dehydrogenase inhibitors, or SDHIs.

It provides excellent disease control, resulting in healthy-looking crops that deliver higher yields
compared to currently available market standards. Further product launches for iblon™
technology fungicides are expected in other important cereal-producing countries once regulatory
approval has been completed.

In the 2020 winter canola season, we launched BUTEO™ start, an insecticidal seed treatment for
canola that offers very good protection against the cabbage stem flea beetle and crucifer flea
beetle, in selected Eastern European countries. From the next planting season in 2021 onward,
BUTEO™ start will also be available to growers in Canada.

° A new plant trait is a specific characteristic that has not yet been available or offered at Bayer for the crop plant in question.


--- Page 19 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation

In May, our Bollgard™ 3 ThryvOn™ cotton was approved by the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA). This first-of-its-kind trait technology provides season-long protection against
tarnished plant bugs and thrips species, and may help reduce the need for some insecticide
applications.

In June, we obtained certification in China for the second generation of our trait-based insect
protection in soy. This approval marks a key milestone to support the launch of Intacta 2 Xtend™,
targeted for 2021.

In September, we announced that the European Commission had authorized XtendFlex™
soybean technology for food, feed, import, and processing in the European Union. This milestone
represents the final key authorization for XtendFlex™ soybeans. With this approval in hand, a full
launch in the United States and Canada in 2021 is now possible.

In September, we also began the commercial beta introduction of a new short stature corn
product in Mexico called VITALA™. The VITALA™ system is based on a new hybrid variety and
best practices in agronomy to help farmers grow more using fewer resources.

In October, we received a new five-year registration for our XtendiMax™ herbicide from the

U.S. EPA. Based on the active ingredient dicamba, this product is an important weed-control tool
for many U.S. growers. Following the recent launch announcement for XtendFlex™ soybeans,
growers in the United States can now take full advantage of the benefits of the Roundup Ready™
Xtend Crop System.

Patents

We regularly apply for patent protection for our innovations in both chemical crop protection and

seed /biotechnology. However, the link between patents and products is relatively complex since
products often combine multiple technologies that are patented differently in different areas of the
world, with patents often granted only late in the product lifecycle.

Although the patents have already expired for some of our crop protection active ingredients,
such as glyphosate, trifloxystrobin, prothioconazole* or imidacloprid, we have a portfolio of
patents on formulations, mixtures and/or manufacturing processes for these active ingredients. In
addition, some of our younger active ingredients such as fluopyram and bixafen are still patent-
protected in the United States, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Canada and other
countries until at least 2023. In fact, fluopyram is patent-protected until 2024 in the United States
and 2025 in Brazil.° While our patent coverage on the first-generation Roundup Ready™ trait for
soybeans has expired, some varieties — for example in the United States — are still protected by
variety patents. The patent coverage on our second-generation Roundup Ready 2 Yield™ trait for
soybeans runs until at least the mid-2020s. Our Intacta RR2 PRO™ soybean also has patent
coverage until at least the mid-2020s. Patents on our herbicide trait that confers dicamba
tolerance run until at least the mid-2020s. In corn seed and traits, patent coverage for our first-
generation YieldGard™ trait in corn has expired. However, most farmers have already upgraded
to next-generation branded corn traits with patent coverage running until at least the mid-2020s.

Collaborations

We are part of a global network of partners from diverse segments of the agricultural industry and
work together with numerous public-private bodies, NGOs, universities and other institutions. In
2020, we entered into many new research partnerships, including those detailed below.

“The last supplementary protection certificates for prothioconazole in some CIS countries expired in 2020.
© Patent protection does not take into account patent term extensions or supplementary protection certificates

/*


--- Page 20 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report

1.3 Focus on Innovation

In February, we announced an agreement with Meiogenix, France, to accelerate the development
of Meiogenix’s proprietary technologies related to plant breeding and genome editing
applications. These technologies are used to induce the exchange of genomic regions between
chromosomes of plant cells during meiosis. Technologies based on meiotic recombination provide
commercial crops with access to a broader genetic diversity, including complex traits for
improved food quality, plants’ resistance to diseases and pests, and higher yield potential.

Also in February, we signed a memorandum of understanding with XAG Co., Ltd., China, to
formalize a strategic partnership that will develop and commercialize digital farming technologies
in Southeast Asia and Pakistan (SEAP). The collaboration will enable smallholder farmers in SEAP
to access digital farm management know-how and technology, and will help them overcome
farming challenges such as labor shortages, water availability, product stewardship and safe use
and — most importantly - allow them to grow more with less.

In July, we announced a strategic collaboration with Prospera Technologies Inc., Israel, a leading
Al data analytics company specializing in machine learning, to jointly create integrated digital
solutions for vegetable greenhouse growers. The all-in-one, cloud-based service will enable
vegetable greenhouse growers to make more timely and insightful decisions that help optimize
both the profitability and sustainability of their crops and operations. The initial roll-out and in-field
exploration of the offering began in July in Mexico.

The FieldView™ platform is a central hub or “ecosystem” for agricultural innovations, collaborating
with over 70 third-party partners to ensure farmers can easily access a broad and interconnected

set of tools, data, and services to optimize all their decisions on the farm. Key partnerships

include Sentera, FarmBox and CLAAS.

The following table provides an overview of important collaborations that are currently ongoing.

A1.3/2

Crop Science: Important Collaborations

Partner

Collaboration objective

AbacusBio Limited

Accelerate Bayer's Global Crop Breeding program by utilizing AbacusBio’s expertise in trait
prioritization and valuation to advance products that anticipate grower and market needs

Arvinas Inc.

Oerth Bio (joint venture of Bayer & Arvinas, Inc.) to utilize Arvinas’ targeted protein
degradation technology PROTAC™ to develop innovative new agricultural products to
improve crop yields

Atomwise Inc.

Partnership using artificial intelligence (Al) to discover small molecules for crop protection
applications

BASF SE

Co-funded collaboration agreement to develop transgenic products with increased yield
stability in corn and soybeans

Brazilian Agricultural Research Corporation —
Embrapa

R&D cooperation to address specific agricultural challenges in Brazil, e.g., Asian soybean rust

2Blades Foundation

Collaboration research program to identify Asian soybean rust resistance genes in legumes
and genes to control fungal diseases in corn

Citrus Research Development Foundation, Inc.

Search for solutions to citrus greening disease, which currently threatens the global citrus
production and juice industry

CLAAS KGaA mbH

Enables real-time data connectivity between wireless technology in the cab and farmers’
FieldView™ accounts and expands Drive compatibility across all lines of CLAAS equipment in
Europe

Elemental Enzymes Ag and Turf, LLC

Use of soil microbes to improve plant health and thereby increase crop productivity

Energin. R Technologies 2009 Ltd. (NRGENE)

Collaboration to develop a sequence-based pangenome and haplotype database to facilitate
molecular breeding approaches

Evogene Ltd.

Research program to identify genes for fungal disease resistance in corn

FarmBox

Leverages FieldView™ data to enable dealers to write prescriptions specific to a farmer's
operation. The partnership also provides multiple solutions for retail, growers and dealers,
including scouting

Forschungszentrum Jillich GmbH

Research collaboration focused on phenotyping of biologicals in plants



--- Page 21 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020

A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation

{*

A.4.3/2 (continued)

Crop Science: Important Collaborations

Partner

Grains Research and Development Corporation

(GRDC)

Collaboration objective

Partnership for the discovery and development of innovative weed management solutions
(herbicides)

Ginkgo Bioworks Inc.

The Joyn Bio joint venture investigates technologies to enhance plant-associated
microorganisms

Hitgen Ltd.

Research program based on a DNA-encoded library to discover new active substances for
use in agriculture

Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology,
Foundation for Research and Technology Hellas
(IMBB-FORTH)

Collaboration seeking to reveal key aspects of insect gut physiology and discover novel
targets for the development of insect control solutions

Innovative Vector Control Consortium (IVCC)

Joint development of new substances to combat mosquitoes transmitting diseases such
as malaria and dengue fever

KWS SAAT SE

Joint collaboration and commercial agreement for herbicide-tolerant sugar beet

Meiogenix

Further development of technologies in the fields of plant breeding and genome editing

Novozymes A/S (BioAg Alliance)

Joint development of new sustainable microbial solutions for crop agriculture

Oxitec Ltd.

Development of a Friendly™ fall armyworm exploring a new approach to support
integrated pest management in a sustainable way with initial focus on Brazil

Pairwise Plants

Research alliance to develop genome editing tools and products in corn, soybeans,
cotton, oilseed rape/canola, and wheat

Pivot Bio Inc.

Research collaboration focused on Bradyrhizobium for improved nitrogen utilization
in soybeans

Prospera Technologies Inc.

Joint development of digital solutions for vegetable greenhouse growers

Second Genome, Inc.

Alliance that leverages partner's microbiome/metagenomics platform to expand sourcing
and diversity of novel proteins for the development of next-generation insect control traits

Sentera Inc.

Enables farmers to visualize and order imagery through FieldView™

Targenomix GmbH

Development and application of systems biology approaches to achieve a better
understanding of metabolic processes in plants

Temasek Unfold (joint venture between Bayer and Temasek) will focus on innovation in vegetable
seed with the goal of raising vertical farming to the next level in terms of quality, efficiency
and sustainability

XAG Co. Ltd Strategic partnership to develop and market digital agricultural technologies

Pharmaceuticals

In our Pharmaceuticals Division, we focus on indications with high medical need in the areas of AB

cardiovascular disease, oncology, women’s healthcare, hematology and ophthalmology. Our work
in radiology focuses on the development of digital solutions, contrast agents and injection
systems. Approximately 7,400 (2019: 7,500) employees work in our research and development
(R&D) departments at a number of locations around the world, mainly in Germany, the United
States, Japan, China, Finland and Norway.

Bayer worldwide:
see also A 1.1.2/3

Our R&D innovation model is centered around a deeper understanding of diseases, expanding our
activities to include new modalities, groundbreaking technologies and external innovation.

We achieved further significant progress in this area in 2020, such as the establishment of a
strategic organizational unit for cell and gene therapies (CGT). The CGT organization will be
responsible, from research to market maturity, for developing cell and gene therapies and making
them available to patients. The unit will combine external strategic collaborations, acquisitions of
technologies and license activities to establish a pipeline in cell and gene therapies. The
acquisition of Asklepios BioPharmaceutical, Inc. (AskBio), United States will supplement the cell
therapy activities at BlueRock Therapeutics, United States, which we purchased in 2019, and thus
further consolidate our leading position in gene and cell therapies. Another fundamental element
of our new cell and gene therapy strategy is the partnership we have established with Atara
Biotherapeutics, Inc., United States, which will strengthen our cell therapy pipeline.


--- Page 22 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 48
1.3 Focus on Innovation

We are also continuously advancing the digital transformation in R&D. In this context, we
entered into various partnerships over the course of 2020, such as the alliance with the artificial
intelligence specialist Exscientia Ltd, United Kingdom, in which we aim to identify and optimize
novel lead structures for potential drug candidates to treat cardiovascular and oncological
diseases. Other partnerships in this field were formed with the U.S.-based companies Recursion
Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Schrédinger, Inc.

We are also investing in external growth to supplement our development portfolio. This includes
the acquisition of British biotech company KaNDy Therapeutics Ltd., which further expands our
development portfolio in women’s healthcare. KaNDy Therapeutics Ltd. recently completed Phase
IIb for an innovative non-hormonal oral compound, publishing positive data for the treatment of
frequent symptoms of the menopause. We also purchased an exclusive license from Systems
Oncology LLC, United States, for the global development and commercialization of the preclinical
oral drug candidate ERSO™, thereby supplementing our development portfolio with an innovative
treatment approach for women with metastatic estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer.

Promising new molecular entities from our research pipeline are transferred to preclinical
development. We define a new molecular entity (NME) as a chemical or biological substance that
is not yet approved for use in humans. In preclinical development, these substances are examined
further in various models with respect to their suitability for clinical trials and the associated “first-
in-humans” studies.

Clinical trials are an essential tool for determining the efficacy and safety of new drugs before
they can be used to diagnose or treat diseases. The benefits and risks of new medicinal products
must always be scientifically proven and well documented. All our clinical trials comply with strict
international guidelines and quality standards, as well as the respective applicable national laws
and standards.

We also publish information about clinical trials in line with the applicable national laws and
according to the principles of the European (EFPIA) and U.S. (PARMA) pharmaceutical industry
associations, these principles being defined in position papers.

Information about our own clinical trials can be found in the publicly accessible register 8
www.ClinicalTrials.gov and our own Trial Finder database. Further information on our globally www.pharma.bayer.com/
uniform standards, the monitoring of studies and the role of the ethics committees can be found ethics-clinical-trials

on our homepage.

Phase II clinical projects
The following table shows our most important drug candidates currently in Phase II clinical
testing projects:


--- Page 23 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation

A1.3/3

Research and Development Projects (Phase II)"

Project Indication

BAY 1097761 (PEG-ADM Inhale) Acute respiratory syndrome

BAY 1747846 (High Relaxivity Contrast Agent) Magnetic resonance imaging

BAY 2433334 (FXla inhibitor) Prevention of stroke in atrial fibrillation patients

BAY 2433334 (FXla inhibitor) Secondary prevention of stroke

BAY 2433334 (FXla inhibitor) Prevention of major adverse cardiac events (MACE)

BAY 2586116 (task channel blocker) Obstructive sleep apnea

Eliapixant (BAY 1817080, P2X3 Antagonist) Chronic cough

Eliapixant (BAY 1817080, P2X3 Antagonist) Overactive bladder

Eliapixant (BAY 1817080, P2X3 Antagonist) Endometriosis

Eliapixant (BAY 1817080, P2X3 Antagonist) Neuropathic pain

Elinzanetant (Neurokinin-1,3 Rezeptor Antagonist) Vasomotor symptoms

Fulacimstat (chymase inhibitor) Chronic kidney disease

Osocimab (anti-Fxla antibody) Prevention of thrombosis in end-stage renal disease
(ESRD)

BAY-2976217 (FXI LICA, IONIS-FXI-Lax)? Prevention of thrombosis in end-stage renal disease
(ESRD)

Pecavaptan (dual vasopressin receptor antagonist) Congestive heart failure

Levonorgestrel (progestin) + indomethacin (NSAID) combi |US Contraception

Regorafenib + nivolumab combination® Metastatic colorectal cancer

Regorafenib + nivolumab combination® Recurrent or metastatic solid tumors

Regorafenib + pembrolizumab combination Second-line therapy of unresectable hepatocellular
carcinoma

Rogaratinib (pan-FGEFR inhibitor) Urothelial cancer

Runcaciguat (sGC Activator) Chronic kidney disease

As of February 4, 2021

2 Sponsored by lonis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., United States

In collaboration with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Co., United States, and Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Japan

The nature of drug discovery and development is such that not all compounds can be expected to meet the predefined project
goals. It is possible that any or all of the projects listed above may have to be discontinued due to scientific and/or commercial
reasons and will not result in commercialized products. It is also possible that the requisite U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA), European Medicines Agency (EMA) or other regulatory approvals will not be granted for these compounds. Moreover, we
regularly review our research and development pipeline so that we can give priority to advancing the most promising
pharmaceuticals projects.

Below are the most significant changes that occurred in 2020 compared with 2019:

In January, we decided to halt the development of our alpha2c AR antagonist fadaltran as the
efficacy endpoints in the Phase lla trial were not met.

In February, we discontinued the development of BAY 1902607, one of two P2X8 antagonists.
The project was terminated on the basis of the results of a Phase lla trial that examined the
efficacy and safety of BAY 1902607 in patients with refractory chronic cough. We are continuing
to advance the development of our second P2X3 antagonist, BAY 1817080.

In June, we presented the results of the Phase Ilb VITALITY-HFpEF study investigating our sGC.
stimulator vericiguat in patients with chronic heart failure and preserved ejection fraction as part of
the Heart Failure Association (HFA) Discoveries program. The primary endpoint was not met.

We have switched our development focus from investigating the unconjugated FX! antisense
oligonucleotide (IONIS-FXI Rx) to the more potent ligand-conjugated IONIS-FXI-Lax, as this can
enable lower and less frequent doses to be used in patients.

In November, we also decided to discontinue development of vilaprisan. A comprehensive
assessment of the generated preclinical and clinical data is currently being conducted.

/*


--- Page 24 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation

Phase III clinical projects
The following table shows our most important drug candidates currently in Phase III clinical
testing projects:

A1.3/4

Research and Development Projects (Phase III)'
Project Indication
Atlibercept (VEGF inhibitor)? Retinopathy of prematurity
High-dose aflibercept (VEGF inhibitor)? Diabetic macular edema (DME)
High-dose aflibercept (VEGF inhibitor)? Neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD)
Copanlisib (PISK inhibitor) Various forms of non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL)
Regorafenib (multikinase inhibitor) Newly diagnosed or recurrent glioblastoma
Darolutamide (ODM-201, AR antagonist) Hormone-sensitive metastatic prostate cancer
Darolutamide (ODM-201, AR antagonist) Adjuvant treatment for localized prostate cancer with very

high risk of recurrence
Finerenone (MR antagonist) Heart failure with mid-range or preserved ejection fraction

1 As of February 4, 2021
? In collaboration with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., United States

The nature of drug discovery and development is such that not all compounds can be expected to meet the predefined project
goals. It is possible that any or all of the projects listed above may have to be discontinued due to scientific and/or commercial
reasons and will not result in commercialized products. It is also possible that the requisite U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA), European Medicines Agency (EMA) or other regulatory approvals will not be granted for these compounds. Moreover,
we regularly review our research and development pipeline so that we can give priority to advancing the most promising
pharmaceuticals projects.

Below are the most significant changes that occurred in 2020 compared with 2019:

In March, we presented data from the Phase III VICTORIA study investigating the efficacy and
safety of vericiguat in patients with symptomatic chronic heart failure and reduced ejection fraction
of less than 45% who have had a previous worsening heart failure event at the virtual Annual
Scientific Session & Expo of the American College of Cardiology (ACC). The data confirmed that
the oral, once-daily active ingredient significantly reduced the risk of the composite primary
efficacy endpoint of cardiovascular death or heart failure hospitalization and was also well
tolerated, while the incidence rate of adverse events was comparable to that of placebo. The data
from the presentation at the event was published in The New England Journal of Medicine.

At the ACC congress, we also presented data from the Phase Ill VOYAGER PAD study that was
published at the same time in The New England Journal of Medicine. This data demonstrated that
the Factor Xa inhibitor rivaroxaban (Xarelto™) in the vascular dose plus ASA 100 mg significantly
lowered the combined risk of acute limb ischemia, major amputation of vascular etiology,
myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, and cardiovascular death in patients with symptomatic
peripheral artery disease following revascularization. The study for rivaroxaban also demonstrated
that the incidence rate of major bleeding was not elevated according to the TIMI definition, the
main criteria for safety assessment in this trial.

Also at the ACC scientific meeting, we presented results from the clinical Phase IIlb PRONOMOS
trial that were concomitantly published in The New England Journal of Medicine. This trial
investigated rivaroxaban in comparison to enoxaparin in adult patients during a period of
immobilization after nonmajor, moderate-risk lower limb orthopedic surgery. Rivaroxaban reduced
the risk of major venous thromboembolism compared to enoxaparin. Bleeding rates were low and
not statistically different between the two treatment groups.

/*


--- Page 25 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 51
1.3 Focus on Innovation

April saw the start of a Phase Ill trial investigating darolutamide in adjuvant prostate cancer,
sponsored by the Australian and New Zealand Urogenital and Prostate Cancer Trials Group
(ANZUP) and supported by Bayer. The purpose of this study is to determine the efficacy of
darolutamide in combination with a luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone analogue (LHRHA) in
men undergoing radiation therapy for localized prostate cancer who are at very high risk of
recurrence. The study will include around 1,100 participants from Australia, New Zealand, Europe
and North America.

In May, we presented the final data from the Phase III ARAMIS trial at the virtual ASCO Annual
Meeting showing that darolutamide, a nonsteroidal androgen receptor antagonist, in combination
with androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) significantly improves overall survival in men with
nonmetastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (nmCRPC) compared to placebo plus ADT.
This data was published in September in The New England Journal of Medicine.

In June, we launched the Phase III PHOTON trial together with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
evaluating extended treatment intervals with a new aflibercept 8 mg formulation for intravitreal
injection in adults with visual impairment due to diabetic macular edema (DME). The Phase III
PULSAR trial to investigate extended dosing intervals with a new 8 mg aflibercept formulation in
adults with neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nNAMD) began in August. Aflibercept
2 mg is already approved under the brand name Eylea™ for five indications in more than

100 countries.

In June, we initiated the FINEARTS-HF study, which is investigating the efficacy and safety of
finerenone with regard to morbidity and mortality in symptomatic heart failure patients with a left
ventricular ejection fraction of 40% or more. The study started in September. The primary
objective of the study is to demonstrate superiority of finerenone over placebo in reducing the rate
of the composite endpoint of cardiovascular death and total (first and recurrent) heart failure (HF)
events (defined as hospitalizations or emergency treatment for HF).

In July, we announced that our Phase III FIDELIO-DKD study evaluating the efficacy and safety
of the investigational drug finerenone versus placebo had met its primary endpoint. The results
showed that finerenone delayed the progression of chronic kidney disease by significantly
reducing the combined risk of time to first occurrence of kidney failure, a sustained decrease
of estimated glomerular filtration rate greater than or equal to 40% from baseline over a period
of at least four weeks, or renal death. Finerenone also significantly reduced the risk of the key
secondary endpoint, a composite of time to first occurrence of cardiovascular death or nonfatal
cardiovascular events (nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, or heart failure
hospitalization). The results of the FIDELIO-DKD study, which is part of the biggest Phase Ill
clinical trial program to date for chronic kidney disease and type 2 diabetes, were presented in
October at Kidney Week 2020 of the American Society of Nephrology (ASN) and published at
the same time in The New England Journal of Medicine.

At the ESMO congress in September we also presented updated data on larotrectinib (Vitrakvi™)
that demonstrates high efficacy and good tolerability of this precision oncology medication in adult
and pediatric patients with TRK fusion cancer.

In October we announced that the Phase III CHRONOS-3 study evaluating copanlisib in
combination with rituximab in patients with relapsed indolent non-Hodgkin lymphoma (iNHL) had
met its primary endpoint of significantly prolonging progression-free survival (PFS). The safety and
tolerability observed in the trial were generally consistent with previously published data on the
individual components of the combination, and no new safety signals were identified. We intend to
present the results from CHRONOS-S at a scientific congress and discuss the data with health
authorities worldwide.


--- Page 26 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation

Furthermore, as mentioned above, we decided in November to discontinue development of
vilaprisan. A comprehensive assessment of the generated preclinical and clinical data is currently
being conducted.

We further announced in February 2021 that Nubeqa™ (darolutamide) is planned to be
investigated in the Phase III trial ARANOTE evaluating the efficacy and safety of darolutamide plus
androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) in comparison to placebo plus ADT in men with metastatic
hormone-sensitive prostate cancer. The primary endpoint of this study is radiological progression-
free survival (rPFS). We anticipate that the first patients will be enrolled to the study in the first
quarter of 2021.

Filings and approvals

Following the completion of the required studies with a number of these drug candidates, we
submitted applications to one or more regulatory agencies for approvals or approval expansions.
The most important drug candidates in the approval process are:

A1.3/5

Main Products Submitted for Approval"
Project Indication
Finerenone (MR antagonist) EU, U.S.A., Japan, China?: Heart failure with mid-range

or preserved ejection fraction
Larotrectinib (LOXO-101, TRK fusion inhibitor) Japan: Solid tumors with NTRK gene fusions
Rivaroxaban (FXa inhibitor) China: VTE treatment in children
Rivaroxaban (Fxa inhibitor) EU, U.S.A., China: Peripheral artery disease (PAD)
Vericiguat (sGC stimulator)? EU, Japan, China: Chronic heart failure with reduced

ejection fraction (HFrEF)

As of February 3, 2021

Filings in China are included in this table starting in the second quarter of 2020. The projects were already submitted in prior
quarters for approval in the respective indications.

8 Co-development with Merck & Co., Inc., United States

In January, darolutamide was approved in Japan under the brand name Nubeqa™ for the
treatment of patients with nonmetastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (nmCRPC). The
approval is based on the Phase Ill ARAMIS trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of darolutamide
plus androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) compared to placebo plus ADT. In March, we received
marketing authorization in the European Union for Nubeqa™ to treat patients with nonmetastatic
castration-resistant prostate cancer who are at high risk of developing metastatic disease. In
February 2021, the Chinese National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) also approved
Nubeqa™ for the treatment of patients with nonmetastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer
who are at high risk of developing metastatic disease. Darolutamide is a nonsteroidal androgen
receptor inhibitor that we developed together with Finnish pharmaceutical company Orion
Corporation.

In April, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) approved Eylea™ (aflibercept) injection solution in
a prefilled syringe form for all registered indications. The prefilled syringe was also launched on the
Japanese market in June.

In May, we applied for registration in Japan for the precision oncology treatment larotrectinib,

an oral TRK inhibitor that has been developed specifically to treat adults and children with locally
advanced or metastatic solid tumors that have a rare genomic alteration called neurotrophic
tyrosine receptor kinase (NTRK) gene fusion. The product is already approved under the brand
name Vitrakvi™ in several countries, including the United States, Brazil, Canada and countries of
the European Union.

/*


--- Page 27 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation

In June, we applied for marketing authorization in the European Union and Japan for vericiguat to
treat patients with chronic heart failure. In July, we announced that the United States Food and
Drug Administration (FDA) had accepted the New Drug Application for priority review. In August,
we submitted the regulatory application seeking the approval of vericiguat in China. In January
2021, the FDA granted regulatory approval for vericiguat for the treatment of patients with
symptomatic chronic heart failure and reduced ejection fraction of less than 45% who have had
a previous worsening heart failure event in combination with available heart failure therapies,
under the brand name Verquvo™. Vericiguat is being developed by Bayer in collaboration with
MSD (a trade name of Merck & Co., Inc., United States).

In August, the Chinese National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) approved Xofigo™
(radium-223 dichloride) for the treatment of patients with castration-resistant prostate cancer
(CRPC), symptomatic bone metastases and no known visceral metastases. The drug is already
approved in more than 50 countries worldwide, including the United States, the countries of the
European Union and Japan. The approval of Xofigo™ in China is based on the data from the
ALSYMPCA trial as well as the Phase Ill 15397 trial conducted in Asia.

In November, we submitted marketing authorization applications for finerenone in the United
States, the European Union and Japan for patients with chronic kidney disease and type 2
diabetes. The submissions are based on the positive results of the Phase III FIDELIO-DKD trial
investigating the efficacy and safety of this investigational drug. In January 2021, the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration (FDA) accepted the applications and granted a priority review.

Also in November, the EMA’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use recommended
the expanded approval of Xarelto™, on the basis of which the European Commission then
granted this extension in January 2021. Rivaroxaban is now licensed for use in children aged
between 0 and 17. The expansion extends to treatment of acute venous thromboembolism (VTE)
and prevention of recurring VTE following initial diagnosis, including cerebral venous sinus
thrombosis. It is now possible to apply for prolongation of the patent by six months to April 2024.

In January 2021, the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) granted
regulatory approval for the oral Factor Xa inhibitor rivaroxaban (Xarelto™) in the treatment of
venous thromboembolism (VTE) including catheter-related thrombosis and cerebral venous sinus
thrombosis and for the prevention of recurrent VTE in pediatric patients. The suspension for oral
administration was likewise approved. This means that rivaroxaban, which is already routinely
used in adult patients with VTE, is now the first oral Factor Xa inhibitor to be licensed for the
treatment and prevention of recurrent VTE in children.

Likewise in January 2021, the Japanese health authorities granted us regulatory approval for
molidustat, a new therapeutic option for renal anemia. Molidustat stimulates the production of
erythrocytes by mimicking the physiological reaction that occurs when the human body adapts
to hypoxic conditions such as those prevailing at high altitudes. The marketing authorization
application was based on data from clinical trials including the Japanese clinical Phase III MIYABI
trial program in nondialysis patients with chronic kidney disease and dialysis patients.

Patents
The following table shows the expiration dates for our most significant Pharmaceuticals patents:

/*


--- Page 28 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report

1.3 Focus on Innovation

/*

A1.3/6
Pharmaceuticals Patent Expiration Dates
Products Market
Switzer-
Germany — France Italy land Spain U.K. China Japan Brazil Canada U.S.A.
Adempas™ TT
2027-
Active ingredient 2028 2028 2028 2028 2028 2028 2023 20289 2028 2023 2026
Eylea™
2021-
Active ingredient 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2020 2023° 2028 2020 -
divi™
Active ingredient 2025° 2025 2025* 2025 2025* 2025 2025 2027° 2030° 2027° 2025*
Nexavar™
2021-
Active ingredient 2021 2021 2021 2021 2021 2021 2020 2025° 2025 2020 2020
Nubeqa™
Active ingredient 2030* 2030* 2035° 2030* 2030* 2030 2030 2035° 2030 2032 2030*
Stivarga™
Active ingredient 2028 2028 2028 2028 2028 2028 2024 2026° 2028 2024 2031
Verquvo™
Active ingredient 2031' 2031! 2031' 2031! 2031! 2031! 2031 2031! 2031" 2031! 2031'
Vitrakvi™
Active ingredient 2029" 2029 2034 2029 2034° 2029 2029 2029 2030 2031 2029*
Xarelto™
2022-
Active ingredient 2023 2023 2023 2023 2023 2023 2020 20259 2022 2020 2024
Xofigo™
Use 2024 2024 2024 2024 2024 2024 = 2022° - = 2022

* Current expiration date; patent term extension applied for
» Patent application pending
© Patent term revised
* Application-specific patent term extension(s)
© Patent term extension granted
Current expiration date; patent term extension will be applied for punctually

Collaborations

In addition to the collaborations entered into in January with Evotec SE, Germany, Exscientia Ltd.,
United Kingdom, and Daré Bioscience, Inc., United States, which we already reported in the 2019
Annual Report, the following collaborations were initiated in 2020:

In March, we signed a research collaboration and licensing agreement with the Indian drug
discovery company Curadev Pvt. Ltd. for Curadev’s Stimulator of Interferon Genes (STING)
antagonist program. The collaboration aims to discover and develop new drug candidates for the
treatment of lung, cardiovascular and other inflammatory diseases.

In May, we announced a collaboration with the U.S. diagnostics company ArcherDX, Inc., which
will focus on the global development and commercialization of therapy-accompanying diagnostic
tests - also Known as companion diagnostics (CDx) — for Vitrakvi™ (larotrectinib), based on next-
generation sequencing.

In August, we entered into an agreement with U.S.-based digital health company Informed Data
Systems Inc. (One Drop) to jointly develop digital health products for multiple therapeutic areas. In
the year before, we had invested in the company and signed a licensing agreement with them as
part of our Leaps by Bayer initiative. The aim of the collaboration at present is to provide
integrated services empowering patients to manage certain conditions.

In September, we formed a strategic partnership with U.S.-based biotech company Recursion
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., as described above.


--- Page 29 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report

1.3 Focus on Innovation

Also in September, we entered into an exclusive global license agreement with the U.S. company
Systems Oncology, LLC, for ERSO™, an oral compound in pre-clinical development for the
treatment of metastatic estrogen receptor-positive (ER+) breast cancer. Under the terms of the
agreement, we will be responsible for developing and commercializing ERSO globally.

In October, our partner Foundation Medicine Inc., United States, announced that it had applied for
an extension to the regulatory approval for its companion diagnostic test FoundationOne™CDx in
Japan. In the same month, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved
FoundationOne™CDx for use as the first companion diagnostic for Vitrakvi™ in the United States.

In November, we signed a development and license agreement with Blackford Analysis Ltd.,
United Kingdom, to establish a digital Al platform for radiology. The platform will provide access to
a curated marketplace through which radiologists and their teams can centrally manage
workflows, thus supporting their diagnostic decision-making and enabling earlier interventions for
patients.

We also entered into a strategic partnership with Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc., United States, in
December, comprising an exclusive worldwide license agreement for mesothelin-directed CAR-T
cell therapies for the treatment of solid tumors. Under the terms of the agreement, Atara will lead

/*

IND (Investigational New Drug)-enabling studies and process development for ATA3271 while
Bayer will be responsible for submitting the IND and subsequent clinical development and

commercialization.

In connection with our work to stem the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, in January 2021 we
announced that we had signed a collaboration and service agreement with the bio pharmaceutical
company CureVac N.V., Germany, in order to work together on the COVID-19 vaccine candidate
CvnCoV. CureVac is developing in clinical trials a new class of transformative medicines based on
messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA). Under the terms of the agreement, we will support the further
development and supply of the vaccine candidates and provide support for local activities in selected
countries. We will also deploy our manufacturing network to contribute to vaccine production.

The following table shows examples of the main R&D collaborations:

A1.3/7

Main Collaborations

Partner

Collaboration objective

ArcherDX, Inc.

Collaboration for global development and marketing of companion diagnostics (CDx) tests for Vitrakvi™
(larotrectinib) on the basis of next-generation sequencing

Arvinas Inc.

Research collaboration in the field of life sciences using novel PROTAC™ (proteolysis-targeting
chimeras) technology from Arvinas to develop new pharmaceuticals to treat cardiovascular, oncological
and gynecological diseases

Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc.

Strategic partnership for next-generation, mesothelin-directed CAR-T cell therapies for the treatment of
solid tumors

Blackford Analysis Ltd.

Development and licensing agreement aimed at establishing a digital Al platform for radiology

Brigham and Women’s Hospital
and Massachusetts Hospital

Joint laboratory for research into new drug candidates to treat chronic lung diseases

Bristol-Myers Squibb Go. and
Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

Clinical collaboration to evaluate new combination possibilities for Stivarga™ (regorafenib) with
immuno-oncologics

Broad Institute

Strategic partnership to research and develop new therapeutic options in the fields of cardiovascular
medicine and oncology and establishment of a joint research laboratory

Compugen Ltd.

Research and development of new immunotherapy approaches in oncology

Curadev Pvt. Ltd.

Research collaboration to identify and develop new drug candidates for the treatment of lung,
cardiovascular and other inflammatory diseases, and a licensing agreement for Curadev's STING
(Stimulator of Interferon Genes) antagonist program

CureVac N.V.

Collaboration and service agreement to support the further development and supply of the
COVID-19 vaccine candidate CvnCoV and to provide support for local activities in selected countries

Daré Bioscience Inc.

License agreement for U.S. commercial rights to hormone-free contraceptive Ovaprene™ in the future

German Cancer Research Center
(OKFZ)

Strategic partnership to research and develop new therapeutic options in oncology, especially in
immunotherapy, and establishment of a joint research laboratory



--- Page 30 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020

A Combined Management Report

1.3 Focus on Innovation

/*

1.3/7 (continued)

Main Collaborations
Partner

Dewpoint Therapeutics, Inc.

Collaboration objective

Option, research and license agreement for the development of new treatments for cardiovascular and
gynecological diseases, with the partnership leveraging Dewpoint's proprietary platform for
biomolecular condensates and Bayer's compound library

Evotec AG

Collaboration to identify development candidates for the treatment of endometriosis and kidney
diseases and to develop multiple clinical candidates for the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome
(pcos)

Exscientia Ltd.

Collaboration in early research projects to treat cardiovascular and oncological diseases

Foundation Medicine Inc.

Collaboration for the development and global commercialization of therapy-accompanying diagnostic
tests, also known as companion diagnostics (CDx), based on next-generation sequencing for new
cancer drugs developed by Bayer

Haplogen GmbH

Research collaboration in the field of pulmonary diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease (COPD)

Informed Data Systems Inc.
(One Drop)

Collaboration for co-development of digital health care products in a variety of therapeutic areas

lonis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Development of the antisense drug IONIS-FXIRx for thrombosis prevention and development of
IONIS-FXI-LRx in the preclinical phase

Janssen Research & Development,
LLG of Johnson & Johnson

Development and marketing of Xarelto™ (rivaroxaban) for the treatment of coagulation disorders

Kyoto University

Research alliance to identify new therapeutic approaches for pulmonary diseases

MD Anderson Cancer Center

Development collaboration in oncology

Merck & Co., Inc.

Development and marketing collaboration in the field of soluble guanylate cyclase (SGC) modulation

Orion Corporation

Development and marketing of darolutamide (previously ODM-201) for the treatment of patients with
prostate cancer

Peking University

Research collaboration and establishment of a research center for joint projects

PeptiDream Inc.

Active ingredient research in various therapeutic areas and target classes with the help of
PeptiDream's Peptide Discovery Platform System technology

Recursion Pharmaceuticals Inc.

Strategic partnership to conduct research into new treatments for fibrotic diseases of the lungs,
kidneys, heart and other organs

Systems Oncology, LLG

Development and marketing of ERSO™ for the treatment of patients with breast cancer

Tsinghua University

Research collaboration and establishment of a research center for joint projects

Ultragenyx Pharmaceuticals Inc.

Research and development of a novel gene therapy for the treatment of hemophilia A

University of Oxford

Strategic research partnership to develop novel gynecological therapies

Vanderbilt University Medical Center

Strategic research alliance to identify and develop new potential active ingredients for the treatment of
kidney diseases

Consumer Health

At Consumer Health, we concentrate on developing new nonprescription (OTC) products and a

solutions that improve consumer health and well-being. We maintain a global network of research
and development facilities, with sites in the United States, France, Spain, Germany and China at
which approximately 600 employees (2019: 600 employees) work. We are active in the areas of
pain, cardiovascular risk prevention, dermatology, nutritional supplements, digestive health, allergy
and cough & cold. In 2020, we established a new Consumer Health function, Regulatory, Medical,
Safety & Compliance (RMSC), which is separate from Pharmaceuticals. It will further strengthen

Bayer worldwide;
see also A 1.1.2/3

our commitment to science to address medical needs and compliance across innovations and
existing portfolio of products on the market as leaders in selfcare.

The focus lies on product developments that are insight-driven and aligned to the unmet needs of
consumers. Our innovations range from new product formulations, devices and packaging to new
consumer and healthcare professional claims and communications. In addition, we developed
around 53 new consumer-validated product innovations in 2020, thus exceeding our target. We
are strengthening Consumer Health’s innovation pipeline with more than 110 active projects that
we are developing across all our categories. These include core and adjacent innovations as well
as transformational innovations that could significantly advance self-care products for consumers


--- Page 31 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
1.4 Commitment to Employees

worldwide.® A further important part of our innovation strategy is transitioning current prescription
medicines that are suitable for self-care to OTC status (Rx-to-OTC switches).

In the United States, China, Germany and other core markets, we continue to make progress in
e-commerce by increasing sales and market share on key e-commerce platforms. In addition, we
are pursuing an agile innovation model with external partners to discover new sources of growth.
For example, we have strengthened our ability to provide individual tailored solutions through a
new business model by acquiring a majority stake in Care/of, a personalized nutrition company.

We also introduced a number of new product line extensions for existing brands in various
countries in 2020, for example:

In North America, we expanded our product portfolio with the launch of four product-line
extensions for our One A Day™ vitamins in the United States. In the Allergy & Cold category, our
Claritin™ antihistamine is now also available in a new presentation thanks to the introduction of
Claritin™ Cool Mint Chewables.

In the Europe/Middle East/Africa region, we launched Iberogast™’s first ever line extension.
Iberogast™ Advance is a new formulation of proven ingredients intended for the relief of ongoing
gastrointestinal symptoms. We also extended our wound-healing and skincare range by launching
Bepanthen™ Tattoo in a number of large European markets, including Italy, the United Kingdom
and Spain.

In the Asia/Pacific region, we expanded our range of Elevit™ prenatal vitamins in the Nutritionals
category with the launch of Elevit™ DHA and Elevit™ Probiotics supplements.

1.4 Commitment to Employees

Defining our corporate culture through values, dialogue and inclusion

Focus on supporting work-life integration for our employees during the
COVID-19 pandemic

Bayer’s business success is essentially built on the Knowledge and commitment of our workforce.
As an employer, we offer our employees attractive conditions and wide-ranging individual
development opportunities. Alongside professional training, we focus on promoting

a dialogue- and feedback-oriented culture based on trust, intentional inclusion, and respect

for diversity and equality of opportunity, which is also summarized in our corporate policy entitled
“Fairness and Respect at Work.” Our employees worldwide are trained to comply with these
guidelines. We measure the engagement and satisfaction of our employees by means of
institutionalized feedback discussions and regular employee surveys. Responsibility for the
human resources strategy of the Bayer Group lies with the Board of Management, supported by
Bayer’s Human Resources enabling function. The strategy is globally implemented within the
scope of binding policies.

® Core innovation means optimizing existing products for existing customers. Adjacent innovation refers to the extension of existing
brands to new market segments. Transformational innovation refers to achieving breakthroughs and creating new markets that do
not yet exist.


--- Page 32 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 58
1.4 Commitment to Employees

For 10 years, Bayer’s LIFE values (Leadership, Integrity, Flexibility and Efficiency) have guided us 6

in our activities. These stand for our values and leadership principles. To align the behaviors of the The updated attributes

LIFE values with Bayer’s new vision "Health for all, hunger for none," the attributes for each value for each value can be

were updated in 2020. The attributes define each value’s practical meaning and behaviors. In this found at Jen/

way, we have further developed our holistic mindset framework, which serves as the sole ww payer.com en
commitments/our-values

reference for how employees work at Bayer.

Employees at all Bayer sites around the world have the right to elect their own representatives.
In 2020, the working conditions for around 55% (2019: 55%) of our employees worldwide were

governed by collective or company agreements.

Employee data

On December 31, 2020, we employed 99,538 people (2019: 103,824) worldwide. In Germany B
we had 23,398 employees (2019: 24,953), representing 23.5% of the total Group workforce Bayer AG key data:
(2019: 24.0%). see also A 5.4

The absolute decline in employee numbers as a result of the restructuring and portfolio measures
was reflected above all in the development in Europe/Middle East/Africa and North America.

As part of the restructuring, employees from the Information Technology enabling function
transferred to external service providers. In addition, the number of employees working in
research and development fell, in part due to the transfer of certain activities in pharmaceutical
research to Nuvisan ICB GmbH, Germany, at the Berlin site. In relative terms, headcount declined
most strongly in North America and Asia/Pacific.

In 2020, the Bayer Group hired 9,615 new employees (accounting for 9.5% of our workforce).
On the reporting date, our employees had worked for the Bayer Group for an average of

11.3 years (2019: 10.2). Our workforce includes only a small number of employees on temporary
contracts (3.6%).

Restructuring measures

We act with social responsibility when changes and restructuring measures are necessary. For
example, we will complete the worldwide reduction of around 12,000 jobs initiated in late 2018 by
the end of 2021 following local laws and regulations, meaning that there may be different
solutions in different countries. In all countries, we aim to minimize the impact on employees

and find mutually agreeable solutions in cases where job reductions are necessary. The General
Works Agreement “Safeguarding Bayer’s Future 2025” fundamentally rules out dismissals for
operational reasons for the intercompany personnel network of Bayer AG in Germany until the end
of 2025.

We made further progress with the planned Group-wide measures in 2020. To date, around
10,700 jobs have been reduced as part of these measures. Flexible models with attractive
conditions have been offered to employees of various age groups since February 2019. More
than 2,200 employees in Germany have accepted such a voluntary severance agreement since
it was introduced.

Further measures with regard to the acceleration of our transformation announced in
September are currently being developed and discussed in detail.


--- Page 33 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020

A Combined Management Report

1.4 Commitment to Employees

/*

A1.4/1
Employee Data Grange
2019 2020 %
Total 103,824 99,538 -4.1%
by Region
Change
14.0% Latin America 45.4% Europe/ 2019 2020 %
Middle East /
‘Africa Europe/Middle
21.4% Asia/Paciio East/Africa 46,983 45,146 -3.8%
e Asareeene Coo North America 20,735 19,111 =7.8%
Asia/Pacific 22,341 21,310 = 4.6%
Latin America 13,815 13,971 +1.1%
19.2% North America ®&
by Division
Change
16.8% Enabling functions _ 39.4% Pharmaceuticals 2019 2020 %
Crop Science 33,866 33,064 = 2.4%
Pharmaceuticals 38,553 39,206 +1.7%
> Consumer Health 10,400 10,570 +1.6%
Enabling functions 21,005 16,698 - 20.5%
33.2% Crop Science 710.6% Consumer Health
by Function
8.4% General administration Change
ge 2019 2020 %
15.1% RED Production 40,814 40,696 -0.3%
Marketing &
2020 40.9% Production distribution 37,665 35,424 -5.9%
R&D 16,006 15,065 -5.9%
35.6% Marketing General
& distribution administration 9,339 8,353 -10.5%
by Gender
Women Men
40.9% Women 59.1% Men 2019 2020 2019 2020
1.6% 5 Europe/Middle
temporarily employed a 57.1% late East/Africa 20,609 19,971 26,324 25,174
P0020 North America 7,799 7,282 12,986 11,879
2.0% temporarily Asia/Pacific 8542 8.174 13,799 13,136
39.3% 4 Joye S employed Latin America 5,089 5,325 8,726 8,647
permenenyemproye Total 42,093 40,702 61,785 58,836
by Age Group in %
32 32
30 — 27 28 Fluctuation in %
25 — 22 22 Voluntary Total
20 —
16 14 43 % 2019 2020 2019 2020
to — 5 5 Women 7.2 5.1 15.3 12.3
5— 0104 | Men 6.2 47 14.7 12.2
Total 6.6 4.9 15.0 12.3

<20 20-29 30-39 40-49 50-59 >60

2019 mmm 2020

Number of employees in full-time equivalents (FTE)



--- Page 34 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 60
1.4 Commitment to Employees

Employee compensation and variable pay

Our compensation system combines a basic salary reflecting performance and responsibility with
elements based on the company’s success, such as variable one-time payments, plus additional
benefits that include stock participation programs. Members of upper management throughout
the Bayer Group are invited to participate in Aspire, a uniform long-term compensation program
based on the development of the share price. Adjustments based on continuous benchmarking
make our compensation internationally competitive.

Besides providing attractive compensation for their work, Bayer contributes to the financial
security of its present and former employees after their retirement. Retirement benefit plans
are available to 71% (2019: 78%) of Bayer employees worldwide to complement national
pension systems.

From 2021 onward, we will adjust the calculation logic of the short-term and long-term variable
incentive programs for eligible employees to include the Group’s sustainability, return on B
investment and free cashflow targets. These additional parameters will align with those that are
already relevant for the compensation of the Board of Management, thereby standardizing the
performance parameters for variable compensation throughout the Group.

See also A 4.4

A142

Personnel Expenses and Pension Obligations
€ million 2019 2020
Personnel expenses 11,788 9,769
of which pension expenses 968 976
Pension obligations’ 25,879 26,595
Pension benefits paid? 1,198 1,139

1 Present value of defined benefit obligations for pensions and other post-employment benefits as of December 31
2 Including Animal Health and Currenta (until their deconsolidation)

The decline in personnel expenses is due, among other reasons, to the reduction in headcount.
In addition, lower restructuring expenses led to a decrease in expenses compared to 2019. Asa
result of the business performance in 2020, the additions to provisions for variable compensation
were lower than in 2019. Provisions of around €500 million (2019: €890 million) were established
in 2020 for variable one-time payments to employees under the Group-wide short-term incentive
(STI) program and similar programs. Furthermore, a budget of approximately €72 million (2019:
€70 million) was made available in 2020 for individual Top Performance Awards.

Our compensation principles comprise providing fair compensation to all and informing all of our
employees transparently about the overall structure of their compensation. As standard practice,
Bayer pays at least a “living wage,” which is annually reviewed and defined worldwide by the
nonprofit organization Business for Social Responsibility (BSR), and compensates employees on
both permanent and temporary employment contracts in excess of the statutory minimum wage in
many of the countries in which we operate.

Vocational and ongoing training

To meet the need for skilled employees, we hire apprentices in Germany in more than 26 different 6

occupations. In total, we have around 1,300 apprentices. We also offer trainee programs in www.bayer.com/en/
various areas for those embarking on a career, and internships for students around the world. working-at-bayer

A wide range of ongoing training opportunities is available to our employees in the form of both
e-learning and face-to-face training. Each employee engaged in an average of around 28 hours of
ongoing training in 2020.

Digitalization

We have included “Go Digital” as an attribute in our updated LIFE mindset framework for the value
“Flexibility” and are enabling our employees through our Create Digital Mindset and Skills
program. Over 10,000 employees have already participated in this program to learn new digital


--- Page 35 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report | 61

1.4 Commitment to Employees

skills in areas such as artificial intelligence, data science, design thinking, agile methodology and
innovation. To drive our digital transformation, 78% of our Group Executives have completed a
digital training program, which was co-created with a leading digital business school.

Work-life integration

We support employees in balancing their work and private lives. We provide various programs to 6

support employees, including flexible working arrangements (how, when and where employees www.bayer.com/
work) and support for childcare and care of close relatives within the scope of local social and career

legal guidelines. In many countries, our commitment in this area goes beyond the statutory

requirements.

In 2020, part-time employees accounted for around 6.1% of our workforce (of which 55.6% were
women and 44.4% men), primarily in Europe.

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we are developing an approach for when, where and how
employees will work in the next normal. More flexible ways of working is a core theme throughout
this ambition, embracing empowerment at all levels of the organization to define and shape a next
normal that strengthens our business, best meets the needs of our customers and employees,
respects cultural differences and complies with all labor law and tax law requirements. Ensuring
employee safety and driving work-life integration remain important enablers of our people.

Health promotion
Almost 97% (2019: 98%) of our employees worldwide either have statutory health insurance or
can obtain health insurance through the company.

We maintain a global framework concept to promote employee health and quality of life called
BeWell@Bayer. BeWell@Bayer expands the core aspect of health into a comprehensive approach,
targets further health improvements in the daily work environment and is intended in particular to
help employees balance their professional and private lives. Health check-ups are an integral part of
our global health promotion initiatives.

Inclusion and diversity

Mutual understanding and a company culture that leverages talented employees of various
backgrounds and perspectives is an important success factor for the Bayer Group. We create an
inclusive workplace where all employees feel welcome and contribute at their best. We will
continue to seek out and promote the best talent and drive for a workforce that both reflects the
highest quality of skills and qualifications, and our strong focus on inclusion and diversity. We
employ people from around 149 nations.

Our Inclusion & Diversity strategy focuses on the integrative behavior and decision-making of all
employees within the Group. Each of our Business Resource Groups (BRGs) has a sponsor at
Board of Management level and is intensively supported in promoting an inclusive workspace. In
addition, we are integrating inclusion and diversity into core people processes such as talent
attraction and talent management.

The proportion of women in the workforce remained almost constant at 40.9% (2019: 40.5%). We
are specifically targeting a greater gender balance in management. Based on 40,268 employees
in management, the proportion of women in 2020 was 41.0% (2019: 40.5%), and among skilled
workers 40.8% (2019: 40.4%). The proportion of women in the Group Leadership Circle and
Group Executive Circle, the highest management levels below the Board of Management,
increased again compared to previous years. At the end of 2020, they were made up of 23.0%
women (2010: 6.5%”) and 77.0% men (2010: 93.5%).

7 Figure as last reported


--- Page 36 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 62
1.5 Procurement and Supplier Management

The Group Leadership Circle currently comprises 35 nationalities (2019: 29), with around 64.8%
(2019: 65.8%) of its members working in their native country. Information on diversity in our Board
of Management and our Supervisory Board can be found in our Corporate Governance Report.

The average age of our employees is 42 (2019: 42). There were no significant changes to the age
structure in 2020 compared to 2019.

People with disabilities are an integral part of our workforce. Based on voluntary statements by
employees, we employ some 2,150 people with disabilities, 46% of whom are women and 54%
men. That represents around 2.1% of our total workforce.

In 2020, we further developed a more integrated talent management approach that uses an
inclusive lens in our people practices and personnel decisions with a strong focus on diversity. We
aim to increase female representation to 33% across our entire top management by 2025, and to
50% across all other management levels (including upper and lower management) by the same
year. We then aim to increase the share of women in top management to 50% as well by 2030.
We have also defined aspirations for other diversity elements, including generation, nationality,
experience, LGBTQ+, and people with disabilities for 2025 and 2030. Regionally tracked elements
such as ethnic origin are integrated into targets in our country organizations.

1.5 Procurement and Supplier Management

/ Sustainability risk classification reviewed and expanded
First activities for reducing CO. emissions in the supply chain initiated

We influence society and the environment through our procurement activities and supplier
relationships. Not only economic, but also ethical, social and ecological principles are therefore
anchored in our updated Procurement Policy, which is binding for all employees worldwide.

As a cross-divisional enabling function, Procurement leverages synergies by bundling know-how
and procurement spend. In 2020, we had a total of 97,362 (2019: 86,400) suppliers. Our
procurement spend was €17.7 billion (2019: €17.6 billion).®

Our main direct procurement materials include active ingredients, raw materials, intermediates,
finished products and seeds. Technical goods and services, marketing services and information
technologies are important components of our indirect procurement portfolio.

Procurement operates according to established procurement and supplier management
processes. Long-term contracts and active supplier management for strategically important
goods and services are key elements here. They serve to minimize procurement-specific risks
such as supply disruptions or significant price fluctuations, as well as to safeguard the company’s
competitiveness and ensure smooth production processes.

5 In addition, internal services to the value of €0.3 billion were procured from the Currenta Group at the time of Currenta’s
deconsolidation in 2019.


--- Page 37 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 63
1.5 Procurement and Supplier Management

During the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, our supply chain has proven to be stable and resilient
due partly to our involvement in the Together for Sustainability (TfS) initiative and the
Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCl). We have worked together for many years with our
suppliers to jointly develop sustainable solutions to avoid risks.

To meet our climate protection targets, Procurement takes measures connected with reducing the a

carbon footprint in our supply chain. We launched our activities in 2020 and were already able to See also A 1.2.1
make initial progress in preparing the future implementation of Scope 3 reductions among Strategy and Targets
suppliers.

Sustainability in the supply chain

Clear sustainability criteria and standards are in place for our supply chain on both a global and
regional level. With the goal of improving sustainable practices in our supply chain, we operate a
Group-wide four-step management process that comprises the following elements: raising
awareness, supplier selection, supplier evaluation and supplier development. In 2020, together
with an external services provider, we updated our sustainability risk classification according to
procurement categories and countries. We select suppliers to be evaluated based on this
classification and the associated supply chain risks. This allows for a more targeted analysis
according to individual risk criteria (e.g., human rights violations) and enables us to increase
transparency in our supply chain.

Our sustainability requirements are established in the Supplier Code of Conduct, which is based
on our Bayer Human Rights Policy and the principles of the U.N. Global Compact. The code
serves as the basis for selecting and evaluating our suppliers and is integrated into electronic
ordering systems throughout the Bayer Group. Furthermore, our standard supply contracts (with
the exception of ongoing contracts of the acquired agricultural business) contain a clause that
authorizes us to verify suppliers’ compliance with our sustainability requirements. In the course of
the acquired agricultural business’s supplier relationships, this clause will be successively
integrated into all supply contracts that need to be revised from 2021 onward.

We verify suppliers’ observance of the code requirements through online assessments? or on-site
audits '°. We evaluate our strategically important suppliers — together comprising almost 25% of
our total procurement spend — and suppliers with a high sustainability risk, which factors in both
country and category risks. Our assessment process also includes supplier evaluations performed
within the scope of industry initiatives. In total, our service provider EcoVadis assessed 670 (2019:
650) suppliers on our behalf in 2020. In 2020, we arranged for 26 (2019: 62) of our suppliers to be
audited on site by external, independent auditors. In addition, five suppliers were audited virtually
due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2020, 83 (2019: 103) suppliers were evaluated through an
HSE audit, with the focus on health, safety and environmental protection.

If critical results are recorded in the event of a serious violation or several major findings being
identified in a supplier’s sustainability performance, specific improvement measures are then
jointly defined. In 2020, critical results were determined for 13 suppliers (2% of all assessed and
audited suppliers; 2019: 2% [11 suppliers]). In these cases, we request the suppliers to remedy
the identified weaknesses. We monitor the implementation of these activities by way of re-
assessments or follow-up audits. We reserve the right to terminate a supplier relationship if no
improvement is observed during a re-evaluation. In 2020, we did not have to end any supplier
relationship due solely to sustainability performance. In 2020, 357 (2019: 332) of the 701 (2019:
712) suppliers assessed and audited improved their sustainability performance.

® The online assessments of suppliers that belong to a company group generally take place at parent company level
© The number of evaluations for 2019 comprises suppliers of continuing and discontinued operations.


--- Page 38 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 64
1.6 Product Stewardship

1.6 Product Stewardship

For us, product stewardship means that our products satisfy the highest quality standards and
are safe for people and the environment when properly used. We respect legal requirements, and
our voluntary commitment and internal standards go beyond these in various areas. We have put
in place suitable directives and management systems for the implementation of regulatory and
voluntary product stewardship requirements that are steered by our Corporate Health, Safety &
Environment (HSE) enabling function and the quality functions of the divisions.

Assessment and testing of active ingredients and products

Along the entire value chain, our substances and finished products undergo extensive assessment
and testing that we use to derive appropriate measures to mitigate health and environmental risks.
Our divisions have quality management systems based on international sector-specific standards.
By implementing a binding company-wide quality assurance system, we guarantee high-quality,
safe and effective products and services that satisfy all internal and external requirements and
meet customer expectations. In this way, we work to prevent customer complaints, product
recalls and other problems. For all chemical substances, we compile safety data sheets targeting
professional users. End consumer products contain appropriate information in their packaging,
with one example being package inserts for pharmaceuticals. We also conduct environmental risk
assessments and implement risk management measures subsequent to product registration.

At Crop Science, we already examine our crop protection products during the development phase
in internationally standardized tests stipulated by law and regulations. These examinations cover
the products’ mode of action, their (eco)toxicological properties and the extent and distribution of
potential residues in and on plants and in the environment. Each new crop protection active
ingredient undergoes a thorough safety assessment and suitable scientific studies and testing.

Furthermore, we have made a voluntary commitment to market only those crop protection
products whose active ingredients are registered in at least one OECD country or, in the case of
new active ingredients, for which an OECD data package has been compiled.

Bayer aims to strengthen its customers’ and stakeholders’ confidence in its products through 6
transparency, and Crop Science is the first business in its industry to make safety-relevant data www.cropscience.
on crop protection products and genetically modified crops publicly accessible. Summaries of bayer.com/transparency-

scientific studies for 29 of our active ingredients submitted to the European Food Safety Authority  °fP-science

(EFSA) in the context of registration procedures in the European Union are available on our
website. These reports include information on toxicological and ecotoxicological studies and
investigations into the degradability of crop protection products. Also available are summaries of
scientific studies on 16 traits of our genetically modified crops that were evaluated by U.S.
regulatory authorities. Comprehensive study reports on our registration studies for the approval of
our crop protection products are available on specific request.

Through extensive programs, we train farmers, seed treatment professionals, dealers and other
users in the safe handling and use of our products. In 2020, we managed to increase the number
of our training contacts worldwide. With regard to the sale of and the application instructions

for crop protection products and technologies, we observe the International Code of Conduct on
Pesticide Management of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO). The
principles of our product stewardship are established in our Product Stewardship Policy and
implemented in the Product Stewardship Program.


--- Page 39 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 65
1.6 Product Stewardship

The Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health divisions assess the medical benefit-risk profile of
their pharmaceuticals, medicinal products, dietary supplements and medicated skincare products
throughout their entire product life cycle. The efficacy, safety and tolerability of pharmaceuticals
are already investigated in preclinical and Phase | to Ill clinical development studies. These results
and the benefit-risk assessment are submitted to the relevant authorities during the
pharmaceutical registration process. We continue to compile safety-relevant information in a
dedicated database following market launch of the product. Post-Authorization Safety Studies
(PASS) are also conducted after approval. The results are entered into the PASS registry in
compliance with EU pharmacovigilance legislation.

Animal welfare in active ingredient testing

Animal studies are legally required and essential from a scientific viewpoint for assessing the
safety and efficacy of our products. Such studies must comply not only with legal requirements,
but also with Bayer’s principles on animal welfare and animal studies. The latter also apply both to
the research institutes we commission and our suppliers, whose compliance with our animal
welfare requirements we regularly monitor. A corporate policy outlining these principles was
published in 2020. We aim to minimize the use of study animals and to employ alternative
methods whenever possible.

Environmental impact
As part of our business activities, we aim to minimize the impact of our products on the
environment.

Biodiversity

We endeavor to promote a responsible use of natural resources, complying with international

and national legislation and respecting biodiversity. Our principles on biodiversity are set forth www.bayer.com/en/
in both the Bayer Human Rights Policy and our own position paper on this issue, which was position-
updated in 2020. In this, we express our commitment to the United Nations Convention on biodiversity.aspx
Biological Diversity and the associated Nagoya Protocol, which regulates the balanced and fair

sharing of the benefits arising from the use of genetic resources. We published a supplementary

corporate policy dedicated to the Nagoya Protocol in 2019 that is designed to ensure compliance

with international and national legislation on access to genetic resources and a fair utilization of

the resulting benefits. Through monetary and nonmonetary contributions such as donations, gifts

in kind for the establishment of new collections that serve to preserve the genetic diversity of

crops, participation in a variety of projects, the buildup of capacities and other global efforts, we

help to facilitate the conservation and sustainable use of plant genetic resources, as well as food

security and ecological sustainability. Through these activities we are reinforcing our commitment

to the Sustainable Development Goals of the United Nations.

Agriculture in particular benefits significantly from biodiversity, but it can also contribute to its loss.
We are therefore investigating and developing cultivation systems that help to achieve a better
balance between productivity and the conservation of biodiversity and habitats. In cooperation
projects involving our Forward Farms and nature conservation experts, we research what this
balance could look like in various countries and regions. We continually deploy plant breeding
innovations that help improve the genetic diversity of crops essential for a secure food supply and
for the development of sustainable cultivation systems.

Operational implementation is ensured through specific measures involving our customers and
distribution partners.


--- Page 40 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
1.6 Product Stewardship

Bee safety of crop protection products
We are actively involved in numerous projects and research activities to protect bees and other
pollinators.

To minimize risks posed to bees by our crop protection products, we perform extensive safety
testing and risk assessments. We also implement product stewardship measures, including
certification for seed treatment facilities, knowledge-sharing and educational training courses for
growers to help them understand the benefits that pollinators can bring for crop quality and yield
and the need to protect them, along with training programs for farmers who use our products. In
addition, we develop bee-friendly crop protection products and application processes.

Glyphosate

Glyphosate is a nonselective herbicide used in many countries for effective, simple and cost-
effective weed control. It works in plants by specifically inhibiting an enzyme that is essential to
plant growth. This enzyme is not found in cells of humans or animals. Glyphosate has a proven
track record of more than 40 years of safe use when used according to label directions. This is
confirmed by science-based evaluations conducted by regulatory bodies and other institutions
such as the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA), the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) and the Canadian Pest Management Regulatory Agency (PMRA).

Combining glyphosate with crops that could withstand applications of this herbicide transformed
agriculture. Farmers who cultivate glyphosate-tolerant crops tend to adopt conservation tillage,
which brings its own benefits in terms of reduced soil erosion, improved water quality and lower
carbon dioxide (COz) emissions. In agricultural systems where glyphosate-tolerant crops are not
available, glyphosate provides benefits for farmers and the environment by simplifying weed
management, reducing the need for mechanical tillage and enabling the adoption of cover crops.
Outside of agriculture, glyphosate delivers benefits for noxious or invasive weed control.

Glyphosate’s favorable environmental safety profile underlies its ability to be used in many diverse
settings. Glyphosate degrades in the environment and does not accumulate in the food chain. It is
not volatile and will bind to soil after application rather than run off into waterways. Detailed
reviews by the EFSA, PMRA and other regulatory authorities have concluded that approved uses
of glyphosate-based herbicides are unlikely to cause adverse effects on the environment. In the
United States, EPA scientists reached the same conclusion following their primary environmental
review and have initiated a final step in the reregistration process to ensure current uses account
for potential effects on endangered species. This is a standard review for all pesticides in the
United States and can take several years to complete. Bayer scientists are reviewing the draft
report on endangered species and look forward to engaging in dialogue as part of the public
comment period.

Our scientists regularly review the scientific literature relevant to glyphosate and glyphosate-based
herbicides and are aware of the range of claims made in connection with these products.
Regulatory agencies responsible for overseeing these products to protect human health and the
environment are also aware of these studies and consider them when preparing their reviews.

With regard to risks associated with glyphosate, we refer to A 3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report.


--- Page 41 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
1.7 Environmental Protection and Safety

Biotechnology

We apply biotechnological processes both in the area of seeds and in pharmaceutical product
development and production (e.g., Kogenate™, Kovaltry™, Jivi™, Bollgard II™, XtendFlex™
Cotton and Intacta RR2 Pro™). Further biotechnologically manufactured active ingredients are
undergoing clinical development. In plant cultivation, we use both conventional breeding methods
and genetic engineering.

For us, the safety of people and the environment is always a top priority in the use of
biotechnology. In addition to meeting legal and regulatory requirements, we have specified the
responsible use of genetic engineering and our strict, globally applicable safety measures in
handling biological substances in corresponding corporate policies.

The development and commercialization of genetically improved seeds are also subject to
stringent laws and regulations. We have additionally established internal processes to ensure
the responsible use of biotechnologically manufactured products throughout their life cycle.
Furthermore, in 2020, Crop Science maintained its membership in the Excellence Through
Stewardship (ETS) organization.

Active ingredient residues in the environment

We are actively committed to preventing emissions of product residues (e.g., active ingredients
and their degradation products) into the environment or, where they are unavoidable, to minimize
the risk they harbor. We focus on all stages of the product cycle from manufacturing to safe use
and disposal.

At our production sites worldwide, regulatory authorities and external assessors therefore
monitor compliance with wastewater thresholds. Internal experts also perform corresponding
audits of the production sites at regular intervals. We take additional action in our production
facilities to avoid or reduce emissions from production such as the release of active ingredients
into the environment. We are also working in various research projects to develop further
effective risk minimization measures.

With regard to the application of crop protection products, potential environmental impact is
investigated in ecotoxicological studies prior to the official product approval process. The
responsible authorities receive an extensive environmental risk assessment and can specify risk
minimization measures as appropriate.

Environmental risk assessments are also conducted in Europe and the United States for the
official approval of human pharmaceuticals.

1.7 Environmental Protection and Safety

We are working on ways to further reduce the environmental impact of our business activities
and to develop solutions that relieve the burden on the environment. Responsibility for this lies
with the Corporate Health, Safety & Environment (HSE) enabling function, which defines
framework conditions in the form of corporate policies and other measures. We use HSE
management systems to control operational implementation in the divisions.

Energy consumption

Compared with 2019, Bayer’s total energy consumption fell to 35.9 petajoules in 2020 (2019"':
39.2 petajoules). This includes both primary energy consumption, which mainly relates to fossil
fuels, and secondary energy consumption. This decline is primarily due to reduced production
activities, including in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, at the Rock Springs

* 2019 values restated

/°


--- Page 42 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 68
1.7 Environmental Protection and Safety

site in the United States, the reallocation of coal from use as an energy source to use in a
chemical process also contributed to this reduction.

Energy efficiency reported as the ratio of energy consumed to external sales improved from
250 kWh/€ thousand in 2019 to 241 kWh/€ thousand” in 2020.

Greenhouse gas emissions

We consider climate protection and the related reduction of greenhouse gas emissions to be a 8
top priority. We have therefore set ourselves ambitious targets in this area that are explained in www.bayer.com/CDP-
more detail in Chapter 1.2.1 Strategy and Targets. Climate

The following table provides an overview of the development in 2020:

ALTA

Greenhouse Gas Emissions

Million metric tons of CO2 equivalents 2019 2020

Scope 1: Direct emissions’? 2.08 2.01

Scope 2: Indirect emissions* according to the market-based method 1.68 1.57

Total greenhouse gas emissions according to the market-based method! 3.76 3.58

Scope 3: Indirect emissions from our upstream and downstream value chains

(by materiality)*® 10.05 8.86
of which indirect emissions from our upstream value chain to attain the SBT*®” 8.87 7.88

1 2019 values restated owing to a recalculation of fleet emissions

2 Direct emissions result from our own power plants, vehicles, waste incineration plants and production facilities (Scope 1). In line
with the GHG Protocol, we also report the direct emissions that arise through the generation of energy for other companies and are
sold as a site service. Consequently, the figures for direct emissions of the Bayer Group are higher than the actual emissions
resulting from Bayer’s business activities alone. In 2020, 97.7% of direct greenhouse gas emissions were carbon dioxide
emissions. Other greenhouse gases such as nitrous oxide, partially fluorinated hydrocarbons and methane made a negligible
contribution to direct greenhouse gas emissions.

$ Indirect emissions result from the procurement of electricity, steam and cooling energy (Scope 2). We report these in CO2
equivalents

4 Scope 3 emissions were subjected to a limited assurance check.

5 Emissions from eight Scope 3 categories are of material importance to Bayer and together represent our total Scope 8 emissions:
(1) purchased goods and services, (2) capital goods, (3) fuel- and energy-related activities, (4) upstream transportation and
distribution, (5) waste, (6) business travel, (7) employee commuting and (12) end-of-life treatment of sold products.

® Science Based Target

7 For the calculation of our reduction target for Scope 8 emissions in line with SBTi, 88% of total materially important Scope 3
emissions are considered. The following Scope 3 categories are covered: (1) purchased goods and services, (2) capital goods,

(3) fuel- and energy-related activities, (4) upstream transportation and distribution and (6) business travel.

In 2020, we cut Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 0.18 million metric tons of COz
equivalents. This represents a reduction of 4.8%. The main reason for this decline is the increased
share of electricity purchased from renewable sources (Scope 2: from 1.7% in 2019 to 6.1% in
2020). In the categories relevant to our achievement of the Scope 3 Science Based Target, we
cut our emissions by 0.99 million metric tons of CO2 equivalents, corresponding to a reduction of
11.2%. The significant decline in business travel in 2020 also contributed to this. In addition, by
purchasing climate protection certificates in, for example, Uruguay, Brazil and China, we financed
reforestation and forest conservation projects in 2020, thereby offsetting 0.2 million metric tons
of greenhouse gas emissions.

™ 2019 values restated


--- Page 43 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 69
1.7 Environmental Protection and Safety

Water

We use water resources as sparingly as possible and are endeavoring to further reduce emissions
into water. We check whether our sites in water-scarce areas or areas identified as being
threatened by water scarcity have introduced a water management system. In 2020, we achieved
our goal of ensuring that 100% of these sites have a water management system.

Total water use in 2020 amounted to 57 million cubic meters (2019: 59 million cubic meters). 8
This year-on-year decrease in use is due to the improved infrastructure at the Luling site in the www.bayer.com/CDP-
United States and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic at some sites. Around 37.8% of all water

water used by Bayer is cooling water that is only heated in the process and does not come into
contact with products. It can be returned to the water cycle, in line with the relevant official
permits.

At our production facilities, we endeavor to use water several times and to recycle it. The total
quantity of industrial and mixed wastewater fell in 2020 to 25 million cubic meters (2019:

26 million cubic meters). This decline in wastewater volume is due to the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic and reduced water consumption at the Luling site in the United States. All wastewater
is subject to thorough checks before it is discharged into the various disposal channels. In

2020, 78.8% of Bayer’s industrial and mixed wastewater worldwide was purified in wastewater
treatment plants (Bayer or third-party facilities). The remaining volume was categorized as
environmentally safe according to official provisions and returned to the natural water cycle.

Waste and recycling

We want to minimize material consumption and disposal volumes through systematic waste
management. In accordance with Bayer’s corporate policies, all production sites are obliged to
prevent, reduce and recycle waste and to dispose of it safely and in line with good environmental
practices.

The total quantity of waste generated rose to 937,000 metric tons in 2020 (2019: 879,000 metric
tons). This was mainly due to the fact that at the seed production site in Maria Eugenia Rojas in
Argentina we disposed of large volumes of vegetable by-products as nonhazardous waste for
agricultural use and composting.

The volume of hazardous waste fell to 305,000 metric tons (2019: 316,000 metric tons) owing to
the completion of building and renovation work at the Vapi site in India. The volume of hazardous
waste from production, including hazardous waste from wastewater treatment plants, remained
consistent with the 2019 level, at 301,000 metric tons.

Process and plant safety

We aim to design and operate our processes and production facilities in such a way that they 6

do not pose any inappropriate risks to employees, the environment or neighboring communities. www.bayer.com/en/
We are working to further develop our safety culture and the expertise of employees. Principles of _safety.aspx
process and plant safety are laid out in our globally applicable corporate policy. Compliance

with internal and external safety regulations is verified in internal audits.

To prevent substance and energy releases, the causes of process safety incidents (PSls) are
analyzed and relevant findings communicated throughout the Bayer Group. A globally
standardized key performance indicator (KPI) - the Process Safety Incident Rate (PSI-R) - is used
at Bayer as an early indicator and is integrated into Group-wide safety reporting. The PSI-R
indicates the number of PSI incidents per 200,000 hours worked. In 2020, the PSI-R was 0.08
(2019: 0.10).

The integration project that was launched in 2019 to align the process safety approaches of Bayer
and the acquired agricultural business were completed in the first quarter of 2020. This showed
that the approaches were similar. The results will be implemented on a step-by-step basis.


--- Page 44 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
1.7 Environmental Protection and Safety

Transportation safety

Transportation and warehouse safety is part of the HSE management and is implemented by

a network of supply chain experts. In addition to complying with legal regulations, we have
implemented supplementary standards and requirements that are defined in corporate policies.
We thereby ensure that our materials are handled and transported in accordance with their
respective potential hazards and applicable regulations.

There were 13 transport incidents in 2020"? (2019: 28), primarily involving road transport
accidents.

Safe working conditions

Our fundamental conviction is that nothing is important enough to justify an accident or any risk
to the safety of employees. We consider safeguarding the occupational health of our employees —
and of the employees of contractors on our company premises - to be a top priority.

In 2020, occupational safety and health protection were primarily shaped by the development of
the COVID-19 pandemic. With protecting the health and safety of our employees being our top
priority, we implemented existing pandemic plans early on, thus minimizing risks to employees at
work as far as possible. The protection concepts and measures that we implemented on a global
scale took the different tasks at the individual sites into consideration.

In 2020, the Recordable Incident Rate (RIR)'* declined from 0.46 to 0.32 cases per 200,000 hours
worked, corresponding to 383 occupational injuries worldwide. The significant reduction in the
RIR is due to the long-term impact of effective occupational safety measures and programs and
short- and medium-term effects in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic resulting from a
reduction in the radius of movement, for example between home and the workplace, and from
increased individual attention being paid to health and safety issues.

Regrettably, two Bayer employees lost their lives in work-related accidents in 2020. We will not let
up in our efforts to further reduce risks and risky behavior.

Our Behavioral Safety initiative promotes safety-conscious conduct through corresponding
training programs to further strengthen safety initiatives that are already successful. All safety
programs and initiatives take account of globally recognized safety principles that further
elaborate the safety-oriented conduct of our employees. Involvement in the Behavioral Safety
initiative continues to increase and is sustainably supported by the publication of a global
corporate policy. Behavioral improvements were achieved in areas in which the program has
already been implemented, and the Recordable Incident Rate is therefore expected to decline
further across the Bayer Group in the medium term.

18 Transport incidents comprise accidents that cause personal injury or significant damage to property, environmental impact
resulting from the release of substances, or leakage of hazardous goods.

¥ The RIR covers all injuries to employees and directly supervised contractors leading to medical treatment that goes beyond simple
first aid.


--- Page 45 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
2.1 Overview of Business Performance

2, Report on Economic Position

2.1 Overview of Business Performance

2.1.1 Economic Position and Target Attainment

Our operational business was stable in 2020 - despite significant unforeseen developments.
Sales were level with the previous year, edging up by 0.6% on a currency- and portfolio-adjusted
basis (Fx & portfolio adj.), and were held back by negative currency effects of €1.9 billion. EBITDA
before special items came in at the prior-year level (-0.1%) despite sharply negative currency
effects, thanks to stringent cost management. Crop Science reported an increase in sales

(Fx & portfolio adj.) but saw EBITDA before special items heavily impacted by the development of
the Brazilian currency in particular. Pharmaceuticals posted a slight decrease in sales, partly due
to negative factors in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, but succeeded in raising earnings.
Consumer Health increased business substantially (Fx & portfolio adj.), although EBITDA before
special items fell due to currency and portfolio effects. Earnings per share (total) declined
significantly, mainly due to impairment charges in the Crop Science Division and allocations to
provisions for litigations. The gain from the sale of the Animal Health business unit had a positive
impact. Core earnings per share came in at the prior-year level.

In the Group outlook published in February 2020 in the 2019 Annual Report, which did not yet
take into account the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we anticipated currency-adjusted sales
of around €44 billion to €45 billion, corresponding to an increase of 3% to 4% on a currency- and
portfolio-adjusted basis. We expected an EBITDA margin before special items of around 28%

on a currency-adjusted basis, which, based on the sales forecast, would have corresponded to
EBITDA before special items of €12.3 billion to €12.6 billion on a currency-adjusted basis. We
also forecast core earnings per share of between €7.00 and €7.20 on a currency-adjusted basis,
and free cash flow of approximately €5 billion.

We revised our outlook in August based on the business development in the first half of the year
and assumptions for the rest of the year that involved uncertainties. We reduced our sales
forecast to €43 billion to €44 billion, corresponding to an increase of 0 to 1% on a currency-
and portfolio-adjusted basis. Our target for the EBITDA margin before special items was left
unchanged at around 28% on a currency-adjusted basis. Based on the sales target above, this
would have corresponded to EBITDA before special items of around €12.1 billion on a currency-
adjusted basis. In the revised outlook, we anticipated core earnings per share of between €6.70
and €6.90 on a currency-adjusted basis. We lowered our free cash flow forecast to between
minus €0.5 billion and €0 billion in view of the expected payments in connection with litigations.

j™


--- Page 46 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 72
2.4 Overview of Business Performance

We met this revised full-year forecast in terms of our operational management indicators:

A214

Target Attainment in 2020

Forecast for 2020 Revised forecast for 20201 Target attainment in 2020 2020 results

currency-adjusted currency-adjusted currency-adjusted reported

Group sales €44--45 billion €43 - 44 billion €43.3 billion €41.4 billion
+3-4% (Fx & p adj.) +0-1% (Fx & p adj.) +0.6% (Fx & p adj.) -4,9%
EBITDA before €12.3-12.6 billion based on —‘€12.1 billion based ona €12.2 billion and a margin €11.5 billion and a margin
special items a margin of approx. 28% margin of approx. 28% of 28.1% of 27.7%
Core earnings €7.00 - 7.20 €6.70 - 6.90 €6.92 €6.39
per share
Free cash flow Approx. €5 billion (reported) Minus €0.5 - 0 billion €1.3 billion €1.3 billion
(reported)

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted
1 Issued in August 2020

2.1.2 Key Events

Business activities impacted by COVID-19

Fiscal 2020 was greatly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our top priority was - and remains —
ensuring the health and safety of our employees and the supply of our products and life-saving
medicines to patients, farmers and consumers.

The protective measures adopted worldwide and the uncertainty associated with the pandemic
affected our business activities in a variety of ways. In our Crop Science Division, they led to
weaker demand in some parts of our business. Among other factors, lower demand for biofuel in
the first half of the year depressed prices for agricultural commodities, particularly in North
America. This had negative repercussions for our business with corn seed and traits, for example.
In addition, the uncertainties in certain regions and product areas resulted in shifts in demand
between quarters. In the Pharmaceuticals Division, the worldwide protective measures and
contact restrictions led to the cancellation or postponement of visits to the doctor, especially in
the first half of the year, which resulted in nonurgent treatments in particular not being performed.
However, the situation normalized to some extent in the third and fourth quarters. The increased
focus on health and prevention had a positive impact on our Consumer Health Division, mainly
through a sharp rise in demand for products in the Nutritionals category. At the same time,
increased protection and hygiene measures led to a drop in sales of cough and cold products.

Further details on the effects of the pandemic on our business operations and the measures we
adopted in response are provided in the respective chapters.

With regard to efforts to contain the COVID-19 pandemic, we announced in January 2021 that we
had signed a collaboration and services agreement with the biopharmaceutical company CureVac
N.V., Germany, to work together to enhance the availability of the COVID-19 vaccine candidate
CVnCoV. CureVac is developing a new class of transformative medicines based on messenger
ribonucleic acid (mRNA), which have reached clinical trials. Under the terms of the agreement, we
will assist with the further development and supply of the vaccine candidate and support local
activities in selected countries. In addition, we will use our production network to help


--- Page 47 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 73
2.4 Overview of Business Performance

manufacture vaccines. We plan to supply 160 million doses of the vaccine in 2022. The first doses
from our production could potentially be available by the end of 2021.

Accelerating the company’s transformation

To counter the effects of reduced growth prospects and move the company forward in a
persistently challenging market environment, we announced in September that we will accelerate
our transformation. We aim to further enhance our innovation capabilities and lay the foundation
for future growth, an example of which being our new strategic unit for cell and gene therapy. We
are also planning to introduce additional operational savings, which could also lead to job
reductions. The details are currently being worked out.

Impairment charges at Crop Science

The currently challenging market environment and extremely negative currency effects are leading a

to reduced growth expectations in the agricultural industry, especially in North and Latin America, See A 2.2.1 and Note

with the cost of capital increasing at the same time. In this connection, we had to take noncash [14] in B Consolidated

impairment charges of €9.1 billion on various intangible assets, including goodwill, in our Financial Statements for
- more information

agricultural business over the course of the year.

Portfolio changes

In February, we entered into an agreement with Nuvisan ICB GmbH, Germany, which acquired a
large part of our Berlin-based small molecule research unit in mid-2020. The Nuvisan group is an
international service provider for clinical studies, laboratory services and contract manufacturing
for the pharmaceuticals industry. We will work closely with Nuvisan at the Berlin site in the future,
with the move giving us greater flexibility in research and development in line with our strategy.

In early August, we completed the sale of our Animal Health business unit to Elanco Animal
Health Incorporated, United States. The divestment resulted in approximately 4,400 employees
transferring to Elanco. The provisional sale price amounted to US$6.8 billion, comprising a cash
component and an equity component. The equity component consisted of approximately

72.9 million shares of Elanco common stock, corresponding to 15.5% of the company’s
outstanding shares. The provisional divestment gain amounted to about €5.2 billion.

In November we sold approximately 54.5 million of these Elanco shares for US$30.25 per share.
In December we sold a further 8.175 million Elanco shares on the same terms. The gross
proceeds of the two transactions totaled approximately US$1.9 billion.

In September, we completed the acquisition of British biotech company KaNDy Therapeutics Ltd.
to expand our drug development pipeline in women’s health care. Under the terms of the
agreement, we paid an upfront consideration of US$425 million and will make potential milestone
payments of up to US$450 million until launch, followed by potential additional sales milestone
payments in the triple-digit millions.

In mid-November, we increased our investment in Noho Health, Inc. (Care/of), United States,
giving us a majority stake. Care/of offers consumers a personalized regimen of nutritional
supplements that is based on an individual health questionnaire and a special algorithm. The
purchase price amounted to US$135 million. Additional success-based milestone payments
totaling US$10 million have also been agreed. In addition, we secured the option to buy the
remaining shares in the company.

In December, we completed the acquisition of Asklepios BioPharmaceutical, Inc. (AskBio), a
U.S.-headquartered company specialized in the research, development and manufacturing of
gene therapies across different therapeutic areas. Under the terms of the agreement, we paid an
upfront consideration of US$2 billion and will make potential success-based milestone payments
of up to US$2 billion. AskBio and BlueRock Therapeutics LP, which was acquired in 2019, are the
first partners we are integrating into our newly established cell and gene therapy platform. As part
of our Pharmaceuticals Division, this platform will combine multiple backbone functions, providing
support across the entire value chain for the research and development of cell and gene
therapies.


--- Page 48 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 74
2.4 Overview of Business Performance

In December, we also announced the sale of a facility at the Wuppertal site of the
Pharmaceuticals Division, originally intended for the production of biologics substances, to a
German subsidiary of WuXi Biologics. The volume of the transaction under the respective
agreement, which also includes a long-term sublease agreement and a transitional service
contract, amounts to approximately €150 million. We expect the transaction to close in the first
half of 2021.

Litigations
Further details on the litigations above and other legal risks are given in the “Legal Risks" in
Note [30] to B Consolidated Financial Statements.

Glyphosate

In June, Monsanto reached an agreement in principle with plaintiffs, without admission of liability,
to settle most of the current Roundup™ litigation, involving most of the total approximately
125,000 then known filed and unfiled claims, and to put in place a mechanism to resolve potential
future claims.

The total costs of the executed and additional inventory settlements for all outstanding claims are
currently expected to be up to US$9.6 billion. Monsanto continues in its efforts to reach
settlement in a substantial number of the outstanding claims in the coming months.

Monsanto may withdraw from the various settlement agreements if certain eligibility and
participation rates are not satisfied. Plaintiffs who opt out of a settlement have the right to pursue
their claims separately against the company.

As regards potential future litigation, the company intends to make an additional payment to
support a separate class agreement between Monsanto and plaintiffs’ counsel. In July, Judge
Chhabria of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California issued a pre-trial order
raising concerns about certain aspects of the class settlement agreement and stating that he was
tentatively inclined to deny the motion. The parties subsequently withdrew their motion, worked to
comprehensively address the court’s questions, and on February 3, 2021, filed with the court a
revised class agreement and accompanying motion for preliminary approval of that settlement.

Bayer remains strongly committed to a resolution that simultaneously addresses the current
litigation on reasonable terms and provides a viable solution to manage and resolve future

litigation.
The three cases that have so far gone to trial - Johnson, Hardeman and Pilliod — will continue B
through the appeals process and are not covered by the settlement. For information on the
current status of these
PCBs cases see Note [30] to B
. . . . Consolidated Financial
In the litigation concerning the effects of PCBs in bodies of water, we reached an agreement in Statements

the second quarter for a nation-wide class settlement to settle claims of approximately 2,500
municipal government entities across the United States for a total payment, including class
benefits and attorney fees, of approximately US$650 million. In November 2020, the court denied,
without prejudice, the motion for preliminary approval and identified certain discreet areas of
concern. In December 2020, the parties filed a revised class agreement. This agreement will
require court approval before it becomes effective.

At the same time, we have entered into separate agreements with the attorneys general of

New Mexico, Washington and the District of Columbia to resolve similar PCB claims. For these
agreements, we will make payments that together total approximately US$170 million. Individual
suits by Attorneys General of the States of Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire and Oregon
remain pending. Bayer will continue its vigorous defense of any case that remains pending.


--- Page 49 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 75
2.4 Overview of Business Performance

Dicamba

In June, we announced the conclusion of an agreement to settle the previously disclosed product
liability litigation involving alleged damage to crops from drifting of dicamba. We will pay up to

a total of US$400 million to resolve the multi-district litigation pending before a federal court in
Missouri and claims for the 2015-2020 crop years.

The only dicamba drift case to go to trial - Bader Farms - is not included in this resolution. B
See Note [30] to B
Essure Consolidated Financial

Statements for the
current status of this
case

In August, we announced that we had reached a settlement agreement to resolve Essure™ claims
in the United States. By February 3, 2021, we had reached agreements in principle with plaintiff
law firms to resolve approximately 99% of the nearly 40,000 total filed and unfiled U.S. Essure™
claims involving women who allege device-related injuries. The company will pay approximately
US$1.6 billion to resolve these claims, including an allowance for outstanding claims, and is in
resolution discussions with counsel for the remaining plaintiffs. At the same time, we continue to
support the safety and efficacy of the Essure™ device and are prepared to vigorously defend it

in litigation where no amicable resolution can be achieved.

Financing activities

In early July, we issued €6 billion in bonds to ensure the financial flexibility necessary to make
payments in connection with the glyphosate litigations and address upcoming bond maturities.
The issuance comprised four €1.5 billion tranches with maturities of 4 years, 6.5 years, 9.5 years
and 12 years, and exclusively targeted institutional investors.

In January 2021, we issued €4 billion in bonds consisting of four tranches. The proceeds are to
be used for general corporate purposes, including the refinancing of existing liabilities. The four
tranches have maturities of 4 years, 8 years, 10.5 years and 15 years.

Supervisory Board and the Board of Management

In late February 2020, the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG resolved to appoint Prof. Dr. Norbert
Winkeljohann as its new Chairman with effect from the end of the 2020 Annual Stockholders’
Meeting. He succeeded Werner Wenning, who then stepped down from the Supervisory Board.

The shareholder representative seat on the Supervisory Board that would have become vacant
was taken by Horst Baier following his election by the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting in April. He
also succeeded Prof. Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann as Chairman of the Audit Committee.

In September, the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG unanimously decided to extend the contract of
Werner Baumann, Chairman of the Board of Management, until April 30, 2024. Before the
extension, Baumann’s contract would have expired at the 2021 Annual Stockholders’ Meeting.

In January 2021, the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG announced the appointment of Sarena Lin to
the Board of Management as Chief Transformation and Talent Officer, effective February 1, 2021.


--- Page 50 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 76
2.4 Overview of Business Performance

2.1.3 Economic Environment

World economy contracts due to coronavirus pandemic B
Global economic development in 2020 was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Trade and
consumption slumped, especially in the second quarter, and unemployment rose considerably.
Many countries saw their economies stabilize to a certain extent as the year went on, driven in
part by the massive support from monetary and fiscal policy. Overall, however, economic output
declined in all regions, especially in Europe, but also in the United States and most emerging
markets. China was one of the few countries to register modest growth for the year.

See also A 2.2.2

A21.3/1

Economic Environment
Growth" Growth’

2019 2020
World +2.6% -3.9%
European Union? +1.6% -6.7%

of which Germany +0.6% -5.3%
United States +2.2% -3.6%
Emerging Markets? +4.1% =2.1%

2019 figures restated
| Real GDP growth, source: IHS Markit (as of January 2021)

? EU excluding United Kingdom, 2019 figures restated

S Including about 50 countries defined by IHS Markit as Emerging Markets in line with the World Bank

Currency development

In 2020, Group sales were impacted by negative currency effects of €1,941 million, while EBITDA
before special items was diminished by negative currency effects of €741 million. The effects
pertained to the currencies shown in the following table.

A21.3/2
Currency Development Bayer Group
Average end-of-day
exchange rate against the
euro for the year € million
Fx effect Of which
Fx effect on clean result of
2019 2020 on sales EBITDA _ Fx hedging’
AUD 1.61 1.65 (22) (10) 2
BRL 441 5.80 (1,027) (612) 124
CAD 1.49 1.53 (33) 4 20
CNY 7.74 7.87 (48) (24) 4
JPY 122.01 121.71 13 40 28
MXN 21.55 24.35 (116) (28) 19
RUB 72.44 81.86 (121) (78) 26
TRY 6.35 7.90 (86) (68) 0
USD 4.42 1.44 (121) 85 24
Other currency areas (380) (160) 21
All currencies (1,941) (741) 275

1 Result of Fx hedging for all currencies in 2020 (€84 million) and 2019 (minus €191 million)


--- Page 51 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position

of the Bayer Group

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

2.2.1 Earnings Performance of the Bayer Group
Business Development of the Bayer Group

A Combined Management Report | 77

A221/1
Key Data Bayer Group
Change %' Change %'
€ million Q4 2019 Q4 2020 Reported Fx. &p. adj. 2019 2020 Reported Fx. &p.adj.
Sales 10,750 9,995 -7.0 +2.6 43,545 41,400 -4.9 +0.6
Change in sales
Volume +2.3% +5.4% +2.6% +3.0%
Price +1.1% -2.8% +0.9% -2.4%
Currency +1.3% -9.4% +1.5% -4.4%
Portfolio -0.9% -0.2% + 13.5% -1.1%
Sales by region
Europe/Middle East/Africa 2,971 2,996 +0.8 +5.6 13,185 12,881 -2.3 +0.7
North America 3,392 3,027 -10.8 -3.7 15,087 14,352 -4.9 -2.0
Asia/Pacific 2,151 2,041 -5.41 -2.2 8,610 8,267 -4.0 -1.9
Latin America 2,236 1,931 -13.6 +12.7 6,663 5,900 -11.5 +9.3
EBITDA™ 1,994 2,024 +15 9,529 (2,910)
Special items! (482) (368) (1,945) (14,371)
EBITDA before special items" 2,476 2,392 -3.4 11,474 11,461 -0.1
EBITDA margin before special items' 23.0% 23.9% 26.3% 27.7%
EBIT! 389 4,515 4,162 (16,169)
Special items’ (922) 67 (2,813) (23,264)
EBIT before special items’ 1,311 1,448 +10.5 6,975 7,095 +17
Financial result (378) (142) -62.4 (1,309) (1,081) =17.4
Net income (from continuing and
discontinued operations) 1,414 308 -78.2 4,091 (10,495)
Earnings per share’ from continuing
and discontinued operations (€) 1.44 0.32 -77.8 417 (10.68)
Core earnings per share’ from
continuing operations (€) 1.29 1.32 +2.3 6.38 6.39 +0.2
Net cash provided by operating
activities (from continuing and
discontinued operations) 3,246 751 -76.9 8,207 4,903 -40.3
Free cash flow (from continuing and
discontinued operations) 1,692 (503) 4,214 1,343 -68.1

2019 figures restated

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted

For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Group sales level year on year after adjusting for currency and portfolio effects
Sales of the Bayer Group came in level with the previous year in 2020, at €41,400 million
(Fx & portfolio adj. +0.6%; reported -4.9%). Germany accounted for €2,361 million of this figure.

Sales at Crop Science advanced by 1.3% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €18,840 million. Our businesses
in Latin America and Asia/Pacific contributed to the increase, while sales receded in North
America. Sales at Pharmaceuticals declined by 1.5% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €17,243 million. This
was due to the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and sales declines resulting from
new tender procedures in China. Sales at Consumer Health advanced by a substantial 5.2%

(Fx & portfolio adj.) to €5,054 million, mainly in light of significant growth in the Nutritionals
category. In the Reconciliation, sales fell by 8.3% to €263 million.


--- Page 52 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

Earnings

EBITDA before special items of the Bayer Group came in level with the prior year at B
€11,461 million (2019: €11,474 million; -0.1%). Negative currency effects diminished earnings by See also A 2.3
€741 million. EBITDA before special items at Crop Science moved back by 3.8% to €4,536 million
(2019: €4,714 million), primarily due to very negative currency effects. At Pharmaceuticals,

EBITDA before special items improved by 2.6% to €6,016 million (2019: 5,861 million), with strict

cost management more than offsetting the slight decline in sales. EBITDA before special items at
Consumer Health receded by 2.5% to €1,114 million (2019: €1,142 million), mainly due to the

absence of earnings contributions from the divested businesses and to negative currency effects.
These factors were partly offset by the positive effects of the sales development on earnings and
contributions from the efficiency program initiated at the end of 2018. In the Reconciliation,

EBITDA before special items fell by 15.6% to minus €205 million.

EBITDA in 2020 came in at minus €2,910 million (2019: €9,529 million). Depreciation, amortization A

and impairment losses — less impairment loss reversals — led to net expenses of €13,259 million See also A 2.3
(2019: €5,367 million), with intangible assets accounting for €11,570 million (2019: €2,887 million)

and property, plant and equipment for €1,689 million (2019: €2,480 million). Impairment losses —

less impairment loss reversals — led to net expenses of €8,976 million (2019: €928 million). These

included €8,948 million (2019: €247 million) in impairments on intangible assets, of which

€2,238 million related to goodwill.

The impairment losses were mainly recognized in the Crop Science Division and pertained to the
Corn Seed & Traits, Soybean Seed & Traits, Herbicides and Vegetable Seeds business units as
well as to the cotton seed and canola businesses (reported under “Other”). These impairments
were driven by reduced growth expectations in the agricultural industry, especially in North and
Latin America. Extremely negative currency effects and an increase in the weighted average cost
of capital also had a negative impact. In the Consumer Health Division, we recognized impairment
loss reversals for Claritin™ and Afrin™ totaling €253 million in 2020. We also recognized an
impairment loss reversal on property, plant and equipment in the Pharmaceuticals Division in
connection with the agreed sale of a production facility at the Wuppertal site.

Impairment losses of €8,898 million (2019: €866 million), net of impairment loss reversals, and
accelerated depreciation of €1 million (2019: €2 million) were included in special items.

EBIT in 2020 fell to minus €16,169 million (2019: €4,162 million) after net special charges of
€23,264 million (2019: €2,813 million). The special charges mainly comprised provisions for the
agreements reached in the litigations concerning glyphosate and dicamba (both in the Crop
Science Division), PCBs (in the Reconciliation) and Essure™ (in the Pharmaceuticals Division). In
addition, the aforementioned impairment charges on Crop Science assets and impairment loss
reversals at Consumer Health constituted special items. Additional special charges resulted from
the restructuring program announced at the end of 2018. EBIT before special items rose by 1.7%
to €7,095 million (2019: €6,975 million).

/”


--- Page 53 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

In 2020, the following special effects were taken into account in calculating EBIT and EBITDA
before special items.

/”

A221/2
Special Items by Category’
EBIT EBIT EBIT EBIT EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA
€ million Q4 2019 Q4 2020 2019 2020 Q4 2019 Q4 2020 2019 2020
Total special items (922) 67 (2,813) (23,264) (482) (368) (1,945) (14,374)
Crop Science (696) 54 (1,418) (20,420) (75) (56) (896) (11,136)
Pharmaceuticals (72) 9 (137) (1,565) a (117) (24) (1,705)
Consumer Health 162 174 (16) 199 (33) (25) 215 (64)
Reconciliation (416) (170) (1,242) (1,478) (415) (170) (1,240) (1,476)
Special items by category
Restructuring (499) (66) (1,355) (656) (885) (181) (1,239) (694)
of which in the Reconciliation (820) (132) (1,090) (673) (319) (131) (1,088) (671)
Acquisition integration (66) (71) (707) (282) 67) (73) (707) (271)
of which in the Reconciliation @) = (19) (2) @) (1) (19) (2)
Divestments 39 (10) 304 (52) 39 (10) 305 (52)
of which in the Reconciliation = (11) = (45) = (11) = (45)
Litigations /legal risks (13) (27) (245) (13,163) (13) (27) (245) (13,163)
of which in the Reconciliation (7) (27) (77) (858) (7) (27) (7) (858)
Impairment losses /loss reversals? (327) 284 (754) (9,158) - (24) (3) (138)
Other (66) (63) (66) (63) (66) (63) (56) (63)
of which in the Reconciliation (56) = (66) - (66) = = -

2019 figures restated
| For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”
2 Where not already included in the other special items categories

Core earnings per share
Core earnings per share were level year on year at €6.39 (2019: €6.38; +0.2%), as the positive
earnings development at Pharmaceuticals was offset by lower earnings at Crop Science.

Earnings per share (total) in 2020 fell to minus €10.68 (2019: €4.17), weighed down by litigation
expenses in connection with the reported settlement agreements and the aforementioned
impairments in the Crop Science Division. The proceeds from the divestment of the Animal Health
business unit had a positive effect.


--- Page 54 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 80
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

A221/3
Core Earnings per Share’
€ million Q4 2019 Q4 2020 2019 2020
EBIT (as per income statements) 389 4,515 4,162 (16,169)
Amortization and impairment losses/loss reversals on goodwill and other intangible assets 484 254 2,887 11,570
impairment losses /loss reversals on property, plant and equipment, and accelerated
depreciation included in special items 674 (110) 682 29
Special items (other than amortization, accelerated depreciation and
impairment losses /loss reversals) 482 368 1,945 14,371
Core EBIT 2,029 2,027 9,676 9,801
Financial result (as per income statements) (878) (142) (1,309) (1,081)
Special items in the financial result? 11 (197) (268) (469)
Income taxes (as per income statements) (43) (987) (443) 1,689
Special items in income taxes 67 7 67 -
Tax effects related to amortization, impairment losses/loss reversals and special items (411) 600 (1,441) (3,640)
Income after income taxes attributable to noncontrolling interest
(as per income statements) (11) (3) (19) (8)
Above-mentioned adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interest (1) 7 (4) (12)
Core net income from continuing operations 1,263 1,298 6,259 6,280
Shares (million)
Weighted average number of shares? 982.43 982.42 981.69 982.42
€
Core earnings per share from continuing operations 1.29 1.32 6.38 6.39

2019 figures restated

| For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

2 Primarily comprising changes in the fair value of our interests in Elanco (€392 million) and Covestro (€94 million)

3 The weighted average number of shares (basic and diluted) was restated pursuant to IAS 33 for all periods prior to June 2018 to reflect the effect of the
bonus component of the subscription rights issued as part of the June 2018 capital increase, because the subscription price of the new shares was below the
market price of the existing shares,

Bayer Group - Other Earnings Parameters

A221/4

Bayer Group Summary Income Statements
€ million Q4 2019 Q4 2020 Change % 2019 2020 Change %
Net sales 10,750 9,995 -7.0 43,545 41,400 -4.9
Cost of goods sold (4,920) (3,669) =25.4 (17,613) (19,138) +8.7
Selling expenses (3,058) (2,827) =7.6 (12,489) (13,053) +4.5
Research and development expenses (1,399) (1,291) -7.7 (6,301) (7,126) +34.4
General administration expenses (969) (664) =31.5 (3,606) (2,879) =20.2
Other operating income / expenses (15) (29) +93.3 (874) (15,373)
EBIT' 389 4,515 . 4,162 (16,169) .
Financial result (378) (142) = 62.4 (1,309) (1,081) =17.4
Income before income taxes "1 41,373 . 2,853 (17,250)
Income taxes (43) (987) i (443) 1,689
Income from continuing operations after taxes (32) 386 . 2,410 (15,561) .
Income from discontinued operations after taxes 1,457 (75) . 1,700 5,074 + 198.5
Income after income taxes (total) 1,425 311 =78.2 4,110 (10,487) .

of which attributable to non-controlling interest an 3 -72.7 19 8 -57.9

of which attributable to Bayer AG stockholders

(net income) 1,414 308 -78.2 4,091 (10,495)

2019 figures restated
For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”


--- Page 55 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020

Functional costs

The cost of goods sold rose by 8.7% to €19,138 million in 2020. This significant increase was
attributable to special charges resulting from the impairments recognized in the Crop Science
Division. The ratio of the cost of goods sold to total sales also increased significantly year on year

to 46.2% (2019: 40.4%).

Selling expenses advanced by 4.5% to €13,053 million. The considerable increase at Crop

Science due to special charges for the impairments was partly offset by lower selling expenses
at Pharmaceuticals. In the Consumer Health Division, special gains from the impairment loss
reversals for Claritin™ and Afrin™ led to lower selling expenses. Selling expenses accounted for

31.5% (2019: 28.7%) of sales.

Research and development (R&D) expenses rose by 34.4% to €7,126 million. The ratio of R&D

expenses to sales was 17.2% (2019: 12.2%). The increase in this ratio was due to special

charges of €2,242 million, mainly in connection with the aforementioned impairments at Crop

Science.

General administration expenses fell by a substantial 20.2% to €2,879 million, mainly on
account of lower one-time expenses for the ongoing restructuring program. The ratio of general
administration expenses to total sales therefore decreased to 7.0% (2019: 8.3%).

The balance of other operating expenses and other operating income amounted to minus

€15,373 million (2019: minus €374 million). This figure reflected in particular the allocations to
provisions in connection with the glyphosate, dicamba, PCB and Essure™ litigations as well as
the impairment loss on goodwill in the Crop Science Division.

The special effects accounted for in EBIT and EBITDA before special items were attributable to
the functional costs as shown in the following table.

A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

j*

A221/5

Special Items by Functional Cost'
EBIT EBIT EBIT EBIT EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA
€ million Q4 2019 Q4 2020 2019 2020 Q4 2019 Q4 2020 2019 2020
Total special items (922) 67 (2,813) (23,264) (482) (368) (1,945) (14,371)
Cost of goods sold (682) 90 (1,190) (3,411) (24) (38) (531) (233)
Selling expenses 174 202 (153) (1,433) (7) (37) (146) (100)

Research and development

expenses (22) (8) (19) (2,242) (22) (76) (19) (110)
General administration expenses (413) (175) (1,300) (709) (412) (175) (1,298) (708)
Other operating income/ expenses 24 (42) (151) (15,469) 13 (42) 49 (13,220)

2019 figures restated

‘For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Financial result and income before income taxes
After a financial result of minus €1,081 million (2019: minus €1,309 million), income before income
taxes was minus €17,250 million (2019: €2,853 million). The financial result comprised income
from investments in affiliated companies of €406 million (2019: €190 million), net interest expense
of €1,292 million (2019: €1,281 million), a net exchange loss of €216 million (2019: net exchange

gain of €58 million), interest cost of €102 million (2019: €273 million) for pension and other

provisions, and net other financial income of €122 million (2019: net expenses of €3 million). The
financial result included net special gains of €469 million (2019: €268 million), mainly resulting

from changes in the fair value of our interests in Elanco and Covestro.


--- Page 56 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020

Income taxes

A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

/*

Income of €1,689 million from income taxes was recorded in 2020 (2019: income tax expense
of €443 million). This tax income largely arose from the tax-reducing effect of the expenses in
connection with the settlement agreements in the United States.

Income from discontinued operations after income taxes
Income from discontinued operations after income taxes was €5,074 million (2019: €1,700 million)
and included the €5,171 million proceeds from the divestment of the Animal Health business unit.

Net income

After income from income taxes, income from discontinued operations after income taxes, and
income attributable to noncontrolling interest, a net loss of €10,495 million was recorded for 2020
(2019: net income of €4,091 million).

2.2.2 Business Development by Division

Crop Science

Challenging market environment

The global seed and crop protection market grew moderately in 2020 (Fx adj. +2%, 2019: 0%).

The Latin America region saw an expansion of soybean and corn acreages, while the U.S.

soybean market recovered from the 2019 flooding impact. Overall growth was limited by the
decrease in cotton, fruit and vegetables demand caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as
dry weather conditions in Europe during the spring.

A22.2/1
Key Data - Crop Science
Change %' Change %'
€ million Q4 2019 Q4 2020 Reported Fx & p adj. 2019 2020 Reported Fx &p adj.
Sales 4,652 4,176 -10.2 44.3 19,832 18,840 -5.0 +1.3
Change in sales
Volume 1.7% +4.1% -0.3% +1.5%
Price +0.8% +0.2% +1.7% -0.2%
Currency +0.7% -14.5% +1.3% -6.3%
Portfolio 0.0% 0.0% + 36.3% 0.0%
Sales by region
Europe/Middle East/Africa 581 545 -6.2 -0.8 4,170 4,053 -2.8 -041
North America 1,761 1,555 -11.7 -4.6 8,743 8,367 -4.3 -4.3
Asia/Pacific 490 499 +18 +6.9 1,829 1,917 +4.8 +8.9
Latin America 1,820 1,577 -13.4 +13.7 5,090 4,503 -11.5 +9.4
EBITDA' 774 538 -30.5 3,818 (6,600)
Special items! (75) (66) (896) (11,136)
EBITDA before special items" 849 594 -30.0 4,714 4,536 -3.8
EBITDA margin before special items’ 18.3% 14.2% 23.8% 24.1%
EBIT’ (472) 91 514 (18,629)
Special items! (696) 54 (1,418) (20,420)
EBIT before special items 124 37 -70.2 1,932 1,791 -7.3
Net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities 2,651 (877) 4,150 99 -97.6
Cash-flow relevant capital
expenditures 484 404 -16.5 1,203 1,103 -8.3
Research and development expenses 584 403 -31.0 2,264 4,138 +82.8

2019 figures restated

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted

For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”


--- Page 57 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 83
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

Sales

Sales at Crop Science advanced by 1.3% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €18,840 million in 2020.

Our businesses in the Latin America and Asia/Pacific regions contributed to the increase, while
declines occurred particularly in North America.

A22.2/2
Sales by Strategic Business Entity
Change %' Change %'
€ million Q4 2019 Q4 2020 Reported Fx & p adj. 2019 2020 Reported Fx &p adj.
Crop Science 4,652 4,176 =10.2 $4.3 19,832 18,840 -5.0 +1.3
Corn Seed & Traits 1,100 980 -10.9 +1.2 5,164 4,970 -3.8 -0.5
Herbicides 1,203 1,074 -10.7 -0.7 5,097 4,740 -7.0 -1.0
Fungicides 788 669 -15.1 +5.0 2,718 2,639 -2.9 +8.5
Soybean Seed & Traits 587 505 -14.0 +8.4 2,119 1,956 -7.7 +2.3
Insecticides 380 312 -17.9 -1.0 1,448 1,370 -5.4 +3.9
Environmental Science 235 237 +0.9 +9.9 994 1,070 +7.6 +115
Vegetable Seeds 157 179 +14.0 +217 689 640 -7A -3.9
Other 202 220 +89 +26.1 1,603 1,455 -9.2 5.2

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted
| For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

// Sales at Corn Seed & Traits remained at the prior-year level. In North America, shifts in demand
into 2019 and 2021 had a negative impact, while sales moved ahead in all the other regions.
Our business in Latin America benefited from an expansion in volumes due to higher acreages
and positive product mix effects. We also registered growth in Europe/Middle East/Africa,
primarily thanks to price increases.

// The decline in sales at Herbicides was due in particular to a loss of registrations in
Europe/Middle East/Africa and North America. Business in North America was also impacted
by shifts in demand for selective herbicides into the prior year. However, we expanded our
business in Asia/Pacific and Latin America.

// Sales at Fungicides rose year on year, with all regions registering growth. In Latin America, we
recorded sales gains for Fox Xpro™, which was launched in the previous year, with an increase
in volumes and prices. We also saw an increase in volumes in North America due to the
normalization of weather conditions and synergy effects arising from the Bayer Plus program.

// Sales at Soybean Seed & Traits were up against the prior year. Greater market penetration in
Latin America had a positive effect, while our business in North America saw lower selling
prices and volumes, mainly due to increased competition.

// We posted an increase in sales at Insecticides, with all regions registering growth. Business in
Latin America benefited from higher prices achieved in Brazil.

// We achieved strong growth at Environmental Science, with all regions showing positive
development. Our consumer business posted substantial gains, particularly in North America
due to favorable weather and shifts in demand as a result of advance sales.

// Sales at Vegetable Seeds fell year on year. Business in the North America region was
particularly affected by lower demand attributable to COVID-19.

// Sales in the reporting unit “Other” declined overall. Sales of cotton seed in North America were
especially impacted by lower acreages.


--- Page 58 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

Earnings

EBITDA before special items at Crop Science declined by 3.8% in 2020 to €4,536 million

(2019: €4,714 million). The EBITDA margin before special items increased by 0.3 percentage
points to 24.1% (2019: 23.8%). Business was particularly impacted by negative currency effects
of €537 million, while the decline in sales in North America due to shifts in demand was also a key
factor. By contrast, earnings benefited from the realization of cost synergies as we progress with
the integration of the acquired business and from additional effects arising from the COVID-19
pandemic, such as lower travel costs.

EBIT receded in 2020 to minus €18,629 million (2019: plus €514 million) after net special charges
of €20,420 million (2019: €1,418 million) that mainly arose from the provisions established for the
glyphosate and dicamba agreements. Further special charges comprised the noncash impairment
charges on various assets, including goodwill, that were mostly recognized in the third quarter.

/*

A2.2.2/3

Special Items' Crop Science
EBIT EBIT EBIT EBIT EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA
€ million Q4 2019 Q4 2020 2019 2020 Q4 2019 Q4 2020 2019 2020
Restructuring - - (1) = - - (1) 7
Acquisition integration (63) (36) (688) (245) (64) (37) (688) (234)
Divestments 37 1 (16) (7) 37 1 (16) (7)
Litigations /legal risks (48) = (191) (10,762) (48) = (191) (10,762)
impairment losses /loss reversals (622) 89 (622) (9,406) = (20) = (133)
Total special items (696) 54 (1,418) (20,420) (75) (56) (896) (11,136)

2019 figures restated
| For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Fourth quarter of 2020

Sales

In the fourth quarter, sales were up against the prior-year period. The Latin America and
Asia/Pacific regions in particular contributed to the increase. Sales at Corn Seed & Traits grew
thanks to higher volumes and prices in Latin America. However, sales at Herbicides declined, with
business in North America temporarily hampered by the loss of a registration and the fact that
XtendiMax™ was only registered in the fourth quarter. At Fungicides, business was up against

the prior year, primarily thanks to higher prices. We also registered an increase in sales at
Soybean Seed & Traits, primarily due to greater market penetration and higher prices in Latin
America. At Insecticides, shifts in demand in the Asia/Pacific region had a negative impact. Sales
at Environmental Science rose, driven by our consumer business in North America. At Vegetable
Seeds, we recorded encouraging growth due to shifts in demand from the third quarter. Sales
also increased in the reporting unit “Other.” Growth was driven by our cotton seed business in the
Asia/Pacific and Latin America regions, in part thanks to normalized weather conditions.

Earnings

EBITDA before special items fell by 30.0% in the fourth quarter to €594 million (Q4 2019:

€849 million). Earnings were heavily impacted by negative currency effects of €450 million, mainly
in Brazil, and by the decline in sales in North America and Europe/Middle East/Africa.

EBIT increased to €91 million in the fourth quarter (Q4 2019: minus €472 million) after net
special gains of €54 million. These positive effects were due to impairment loss reversals on
various assets, while special charges arose in connection with the integration of the acquired
businesses.


--- Page 59 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 85
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

Pharmaceuticals

Pharmaceuticals market shows slower growth

The pharmaceuticals market grew by 3% (Fx adj.) in 2020 (2019: 6%), with the slower growth
attributable to the unprecedented challenges arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. Despite the
pandemic, markets in North and Latin America and some parts of Europe showed a positive
development. The increasingly aging population and improved access to health care were again
among the drivers, while market expansion was also supported by innovative and in many cases
higher-priced medicines. Market growth was held back not only by general uncertainties over the
development of the global economy but also by continuing price pressure from generics and
biosimilars along with reforms in local health care systems.

A22.2/4
Key Data - Pharmaceuticals
Change %' Change %'
€ million Q4 2019 Q4 2020 Reported Fx & p adj. 2019 2020 Reported Fx &p adj.
Sales 4,682 4,476 -4.4 +0.5 17,962 17,243 -4.0 -1.5
Change in sales
Volume +6.3% +7.9% +5.7% +4.8%
Price +0.9% -74% -0.1% -6.3%
Currency +1.9% - 4.9% +1.8% -2.5%
Portfolio 0.0% 0.0% -0.1% 0.0%
Sales by region
Europe/Middle East/Africa 1,847 1,918 +3.8 +81 6,918 6,940 +0.3 +2.3
North America 1,071 975 -9.0 -3.3 4,040 3,855 -4.6 -2.8
Asia/Pacific 1,501 1,357 -9.6 -7.5 6,031 5,598 7.2 -6.3
Latin America 263 226 -144 +8.2 973 850 -12.6 +6.6
EBITDA’ 1,442 1,422 1.4 5,837 4,311 26.1
Special items’ 41 (117) (24) (1,705)
EBITDA before special items’ 1,401 1,539 +9.9 5,861 6,016 +2.6
EBITDA margin before special items’ 29.9% 34.4% 32.6% 34.9%
EBIT' 1,060 1,308 + 23.4 4,686 3,467 - 26.0
Special items' (72) 9 (137) (1,565)
EBIT before special items’ 1,132 1,299 +14.8 4,823 5,032 44.3
Net cash provided by operating
activities 1,010 1,258 + 24.6 4,427 4,064 -8.2
Cash flow-relevant capital
expenditures 385 368 -4.4 811 915 +12.8
Research and development expenses 744 816 +97 2,780 2,743 -1.3

2019 figures restated
Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted
For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Sales

Sales at Pharmaceuticals fell by 1.5% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €17,243 million in 2020. This
development was driven by the global COVID-19 restrictions, which particularly in the first half of
the year led to a reduced number of elective treatments, especially in our ophthalmology and
women’s health businesses. The situation began to normalize mid-year. Sales in the radiology
business were down compared with 2019, with stricter hygiene measures slowing down patient
processing throughout the year.

In addition, the implementation of new tender procedures in China for our products Glucobay™
and Avelox™ weighed heavily on sales.


--- Page 60 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 86
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

A 2.2.2/5
Best-Selling Pharmaceuticals Products
Change %' Change %'
€ million Q4 2019 Q4 2020 Reported Fx & p adj. 2019 2020 Reported Fx &p adj.
Xarelto™ 1,148 1,212 +5.6 +10.9 4,126 4,515 +9.4 +12.4
Eylea™ 667 669 +0.3 +3.6 2,494 2,468 -1.0 +0.2
Mirena™ /Kyleena™ /Jaydess™ 302 288 -4.6 +26 1,223 1,081 -11.6 -8.7
Kogenate™ /Kovaltry™ /Jivi™ 222 201 -9.5 -4.9 882 851 -3.5 -2.3
YAZ™/Yasmin™/Yasminelle™ 172 168 -2.3 +6.2 681 670 -1.6 +3.2
Nexavar™ 164 159 -3.0 +2.2 706 639 -9.5 -6.9
Aspirin™ Cardio 147 169 +15.0 +20.3 579 639 +10.4 +14.2
Adempas™ 444 261 + 135.1 +141.6 418 628 +50.2 +52.5
Adalat™ 156 138 -11.5 -9.6 664 613 -7.7 -6.2
Stivarga™ 106 109 +28 +8.8 411 475 +15.6 +18.6
Betaferon™ /Betaseron™ 125 86 -31.2 -27.1 457 404 -11.6 -9.7
CT Fluid Delivery? 112 107 -4.5 +1.4 407 396 -2.7 -0.4
Gadovist™ product family 444 102 -8.1 -2.7 433 385 -114 -8.6
Ultravist™ 87 80 -8.0 -1.6 340 303 -10.9 -74
Xofigo™ 71 61 -144 -7.2 303 262 -13.5 -11.6
Total best-selling products 3,701 3,810 $2.9 +81 14,124 14,329 +15 +4.0
Proportion of Pharmaceuticals sales 79% 85% 79% 83%

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted
| For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

// We registered strong growth in sales of our oral anticoagulant Xarelto™ that resulted from a
marked increase in volumes in China as well as substantial growth in Europe. We saw a
significant expansion of business in Russia in particular. Our license revenues — recognized as
sales — in the United States, where Xarelto™ is marketed by a subsidiary of Johnson &
Johnson, declined due to currency effects.

// Sales of our ophthalmology drug Eylea™ were level year on year. Particularly in the first half of
the year, the reduced number of treatments due to the closure of some ophthalmology clinics
and practices led to a decline in sales. The extension of treatment intervals by patients due to
the contact restrictions and stay-at-home measures also diminished sales, particularly in
Europe. This effect was offset by the normalization of treatment over the remainder of the year
and the launch of Eylea™ prefilled syringes, which particularly benefited sales in Japan and
Germany.

// Business with our Mirena™/Kyleena™ / Jaydess™ intrauterine systems was also impeded
by the effects of the pandemic. Protective measures such as the prioritization of emergency
treatments or the partial closure of some doctor’s offices led to a reduced number of
procedures.

// We registered significant sales gains for Aspirin™ Cardio, our product for secondary prevention
of heart attacks. This was mainly attributable to a sharp increase in demand in China and to
growth in Mexico, which was partly due to the use of this product in the treatment of COVID-19
patients.

// We posted a significant increase in sales of our pulmonary hypertension treatment Adempas™,
particularly in the United States. As in the past, sales reflected the proportionate recognition
of the upfront and milestone payments resulting from the sGC collaboration with Merck & Co.,
United States. Since a further milestone in this collaboration was reached in the fourth quarter
of 2020, sales for the full year included the proportionate recognition of this milestone payment
for the contract term to date.

// Sales of our cancer drug Nexavar™ receded, mainly due to a decline in volumes in the United
States as a result of strong competition. This effect was partly offset by strong growth in China.


--- Page 61 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

// Our cancer drug Stivarga™ continued to deliver substantial sales gains, especially in China and
the United States. Among other factors, sales benefited from the product’s oral administration,
enabling treatment to continue outside of hospitals and doctor’s offices during the ongoing
pandemic.

// Sales of our cancer drug Xofigo™ decreased markedly, especially in the United States.
Business was weighed down by restrictions related to COVID-19, among other factors.

Earnings

EBITDA before special items advanced by 2.6% to €6,016 million. The EBITDA margin before
special items increased by 2.3 percentage points to 34.9%. Thanks to stringent cost
management, we were able to grow earnings despite recording a slight decline in sales. We
particularly reduced our selling expenses, due in part to the COVID-19-related restrictions, while
the cost of goods sold and research and development expenses were also lower year on year.
Earnings were diminished by a negative currency effect of €132 million.

EBIT at Pharmaceuticals declined by a substantial 26.0% to €3,467 million. The significant
increase in net special charges, from €137 million in 2019 to €1,565 million in 2020, had a
negative impact. The special charges in 2020 primarily arose in connection with the settlement
agreement reached in the Essure™ litigation in August.

/°

A22.2/6

Special Items' Pharmaceuticals
EBIT EBIT EBIT EBIT EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA
€ million Q4 2019 Q4 2020 2019 2020 Q4 2019 Q4 2020 2019 2020
Restructuring (144) 101 (157) 71 (31) (25) (44) (69)
Integration costs = (35) = (35) = (35) = (35)
Litigations /legal risks 72 = 23 (1,543) 72 = 23 (1,543)
impairment losses /loss reversals = (4) @) 6 = (4) @) (6)
Other = (53) = (53) - (53) - (53)
Total special items (72) 9 (137) (1,565) a (117) (24) (1,705)

2019 figures restated
| For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Fourth quarter of 2020

Sales

Sales at Pharmaceuticals rose by 0.5% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €4,476 million in the fourth quarter.
Significant sales gains for important products more than offset the negative effects arising from
the introduction of the volume-based procurement policy in China.

The Xarelto™ growth trend continued in the fourth quarter. Strong volume gains, especially in
Russia and China, were partly offset by a decrease in sales in Germany and lower license
revenues in the United States as a result of currency effects. Sales of Eylea™ were up slightly
year on year, with the launch of the Eylea™ prefilled syringe contributing to growth. We posted
considerable growth for Aspirin™ Cardio due to increased demand in China and Mexico. Fourth-
quarter sales of Adempas™ included the proportionate recognition of the milestone payment
under the sGC collaboration with Merck & Co., United States, for the contract term to date. Sales
of our multiple sclerosis treatment Betaferon™ /Betaseron™ continued to decline sharply, largely
due to heavy competition in the United States and Germany.

Earnings

EBITDA before special items rose by 9.9% to €1,539 million in the fourth quarter. Alongside the
proportionate recognition of the Adempas™ milestone payment in sales, the significant growth in
earnings was mainly driven by a decrease in selling expenses that was partly attributable to the
COVID-19-related restrictions. We also recorded a decline in the cost of goods sold against the
prior-year period. Earnings were diminished by a negative currency effect of €85 million.


--- Page 62 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020

A Combined Management Report | 88

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

EBIT at Pharmaceuticals rose by a substantial 23.4% to €1,308 million after net special gains of

€9 million (Q4 2019: net special charges of €72 million). Special items in the “Restructuring”

category were positive overall, partly due to the impairment loss reversal on a production facility at
our Wuppertal site, while special charges arose in connection with the termination of development
for vilaprisan and the integration of AskBio.

Consumer Health
Stable market growth

Growth of the global consumer health market in 2020 was 4% on a currency-adjusted basis

(2019: 4%). While overall market growth remained stable, we saw a sharp rise in products that

help support people’s immune systems leading to high growth in the nutritionals category. On the
other hand, the social distancing and hygiene measures led to a sharp decline in the incidence of
flu around the world which led to a decline in the sales of cough and cold products.

A22.2/7
Key Data - Consumer Health
Change %' Change %'
€ million Q4 2019 Q4 2020 Reported Fx & p adj. 2019 2020 Reported Fx &p adj.
Sales 1,337 1,250 -6.5 +31 5,462 5,054 -7.5 45.2
Changes in sales’
Volume +3.0% +0.7% +0.9% +3.3%
Price +3.2% +2.4% +1.7% +1.9%
Currency +1.4% -8.4% +1.2% -4.4%
Portfolio -7.1% -1.2% -3.6% -8.3%
Sales by region
Europe/Middle East/Africa 479 452 -5.6 +13 1,838 1,739 -5.4 +2.6
North America 547 492 -10.1 -0.1 2,280 2,026 -114 +47
Asia/Pacific 160 178 +11.3 +14.3 749 744 -0.7 +61
Latin America 151 128 = 15.2 +8.8 595 545 -8.4 +144
EBITDA’ 266 233 -12.4 1,357 1,060 -21.9
Special items! (83) (25) 215 (64)
EBITDA before special items’ 299 258 -13.7 1,142 1,114 -2.5
EBITDA margin before special items’ 22.4% 20.6% 20.9% 22.0%
EBIT' 381 352 -7.6 794 992 + 24.9
Special items' 162 174 (16) 199
EBIT before special items’ 219 178 -18.7 810 793 -21
Net cash provided
by operating activities 246 276 +12.2 876 987 +12.7
Cash flow-relevant capital
expenditures 59 75 +274 169 159 -5.9
Research and development expenses 58 53 -8.6 218 195 -10.6

2019 figures restated

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted

For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Sales

Sales at Consumer Health rose by 5.2% (Fx & portfolio adj.) in 2020 to €5,054 million. The greater
focus on health and prevention in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic generated substantial

growth in demand in all regions, especially in the Nutritionals category. At the same time,

increased protection and hygiene measures led to a decline in sales of cough and cold products.


--- Page 63 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 89
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

A22.2/8
Sales by Category
Change %' Change %'
€ million Q4 2019 Q4 2020 Reported Fx & p adj. 2019 2020 Reported Fx &p adj.
Consumer Health 1,337 1,250 -6.5 +341 5,462 5,054 -7.5 +52
Nutritionals 299 331 +10.7 +21.8 1,134 1,313 +15.8 +22.6
Allergy & Cold 298 253 -15.1 -9.0 1,155 1,080 -6.5 -44
Dermatology 279 259 -7.2 0.0 1,104 1,086 -1.6 +2.5
Pain & Cardio 222 207 -6.8 +45 818 807 -1.3 +6.1
Digestive Health 196 186 -5.41 +1.0 721 717 -0.6 +2.4
Other? 42 14 -66.7 -19.2 530 51 -90.4 -3.7

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted
| For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

2 The divested prescription dermatology (outside the United States), sun care and foot care businesses are included until the dates they were transferred

(July 1, 2019; August 30, 2019; and November 1, 2019, respectively).

// \n Europe/Middle East/Africa, sales rose by 2.6% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €1,739 million.

The increase was mainly attributable to the significant growth in demand for products in the
Nutritionals category. In addition, we saw encouraging sales gains in the Dermatology
category, especially for Bepanthen™ in the Middle East and Germany. Business also expanded
in the Pain & Cardio category. By contrast, sales of cough and cold products fell significantly
due to the increased protection and hygiene measures.

// Sales in North America advanced by 4.7% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €2,026 million. The
Nutritionals category showed double-digit percentage growth that was driven by continued
strong demand, particularly for our One A Day™ vitamins, which also benefited from product
line extensions launched at the start of the year. We also registered encouraging growth in the
Digestive Health and Pain & Cardio categories. Our Allergy business saw an increase in sales
of Claritin™, while business with cough and cold products declined in this region, as well, due
to the increased protection and hygiene measures.

// Business in Asia/Pacific expanded by 6.1% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €744 million, largely as a
result of high demand for products in the Nutritionals category in Southeast Asia and China.
Sales also rose in the Dermatology category due to the positive performance of Canesten™.
Business in the Pain & Cardio and Allergy & Cold categories declined, mainly due to constraints
related to COVID-19.

// \n Latin America, sales climbed by 14.1% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €545 million, with significant
growth particularly for Redoxon™ in the Nutritionals category and for Aspirin™ in the Pain &
Cardio category. In addition, we recorded inflation-driven price increases across all categories
in Argentina.

Earnings

EBITDA before special items declined by 2.5% to €1,114 million in 2020 (2019: €1,142 million).
The EBITDA margin before special items improved by 1.1 percentage points to 22.0%. Earnings
primarily benefited from the significant increase in sales and the contributions from the efficiency
program initiated in late 2018. Currency effects of €69 million, the absence of contributions from
the businesses divested in 2019, and increased costs in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic
had a negative impact.

EBIT at Consumer Health came in at €992 million (2019: €794 million), after net special gains of
€199 million (2019: net special charges of €16 million) that arose primarily in connection with the
impairment loss reversals recorded for Claritin™ and Afrin™.


--- Page 64 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report | 90

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

A 2.2.2/9
Special Items' Consumer Health
EBIT EBIT EBIT EBIT EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA EBITDA
€ million Q4 2019 Q4 2020 2019 2020 Q4 2019 Q4 2020 2019 2020
Restructuring (35) (25) (107) (54) (35) (25) (106) (54)
Divestments 2 - 320 - 2 - 321 -
impairment losses /loss reversals 195 199 (229) 253 = = = -
Total special items 162 174 (16) 199 (33) (25) 215 (64)
2019 figures restated
' For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”
Fourth quarter of 2020
Sales
In the fourth quarter of 2020, sales at Consumer Health increased by 3.1% (Fx & portfolio adj.)
to €1,250 million, continuing the previous quarter’s positive business development. In the
Nutritionals category in particular, we again posted significant gains across all regions. At the
same time, increased protection and hygiene measures led to a decline in sales of cough and
cold products.
Earnings
EBITDA before special items declined by 13.7% in the fourth quarter of 2020 to €258 million
(Q4 2019: €299 million). The decline in earnings was due to negative currency effects of
€28 million, portfolio effects and increased costs in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic.
Positive earnings effects primarily came from the growth in sales and the contributions from the
efficiency program initiated in late 2018.
EBIT at Consumer Health amounted to €352 million (Q4 2019: €381 million), after net
special gains of €174 million (Q4 2019: €162 million) that arose primarily in connection with the
impairment loss reversal recorded for Claritin™.
2.2.3 Value-Based Performance
A2.2.3/1
Value-Based Performance
Crop Science Pharmaceuticals Consumer Health Group?
€ million 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020
EBIT! 514 (18,629) 4,686 3,467 794 992 4,162 (16,169)
Taxes'? (123) 4,471 (1,125) (832) (191) (238) (999) 3,881
NOPAT* 391 (14,158) 3,561 2,635 603 754 3,163 (12,288)
Average capital employed’ 58,590 49,502 14,966 16,554 10,496 9,802 84,768 74,678
ROCE! 0.7%  -28.6% 23.8% 15.9% 5.7% 7.7% 3.7% -16.5%
WACC! 6.8% 6.8% 6.8% 6.8% 6.8% 6.8% 6.8% 6.8%

2019 figures restated to reflect the recognition of Animal Health and Currenta as discontinued operations
For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

? Including Reconciliation

3.24% on EBIT; based on historical average of tax rates

4 At the divisional level, ROCE is compared with the WACC of the Bayer Group as we do not report WACC for the individual divisions.

Bayer’s ROCE in 2020 amounted to minus 16.5% and was therefore significantly below the cost
of capital (6.8%). This negative development against the prior year is mainly due to significant
special charges within the Crop Science and Pharmaceuticals divisions. Both divisions saw a
decline in net operating profit after tax (NOPAT), which was weighed down by high provisions for
litigations. At Crop Science, there was a further negative effect from the aforementioned
impairment charges. Consumer Health increased its ROCE year on year, with the division
benefiting from an increase in NOPAT that was driven by impairment loss reversals and a further
decline in its capital base.


--- Page 65 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

The following overview shows the components of the average capital employed used in
calculating ROCE.

A2.2.3/2
Components of Capital Employed'
€ million Dec. 31, Dec. 31,
2019 2020
Goodwill 39,312 36,080
Other intangible assets 34,710 26,029
Property, plant and equipment 12,487 11,710
Other financial assets* 92 144
Inventories 10,650 10,961
Trade accounts receivable 11,459 9,555
Other receivables? 2,016 1,842
Deferred tax assets*: * 7,676 2,381
Claims for income tax refunds 1,652 1,233
Assets held for sale 124 113
Gross capital employed 120,178 100,048
Other provisions? (6.662) (14,071)
Trade accounts payable (6,321) (5,683)
Other liabilities? (2,515) (2,957)
Refund liabilities (4,239) (4,463)
Contract liabilities (4,052) (4,312)
Financial liabilities? @) (2)
Deferred tax liabilities? * (9,350) (1,263)
Income tax liabilities (2,243) (2,516)
Liabilities directly related to assets held for sale (219) -
Capital employed 84,574 64,781
Average capital employed 84,768 74,678

2019 figures restated to reflect the recognition of Animal Health and Currenta as discontinued operations

| For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

2 Selected items of the component; items that were predominantly non-interest-bearing or nonoperating in nature were eliminated
from capital employed

° Here we have elected to present deferred tax assets and liabilities as gross amounts for 2019. In the Bayer Group Statements of
Financial Position (Table B3), by contrast, they are presented in net terms.

2.2.4 Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

Financial management of the Bayer Group

The financial management of the Bayer Group is conducted centrally. Capital is a global resource,
generally procured centrally and distributed within the Bayer Group. The foremost objectives of
our financial management are to help bring about a sustained increase in corporate value and to
ensure the Group's liquidity and creditworthiness. This involves optimizing the capital structure
and effectively managing risks. The management of currency, interest-rate, commodity-price and
default risks helps to reduce the volatility of our earnings.

The contracted rating agencies assess Bayer as follows:

A22.4/1
Rating
Long-term Short-term
rating rating Outlook
S & P Global Ratings BBB A2 stable
Moody's Baat P2 negative

Fitch Ratings BBB+ F2 stable

a

See also A 1.2.3

jp’


--- Page 66 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 92
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

These investment grade ratings from all three agencies reflect the company’s high solvency and
ensure access to a broad investor base for financing purposes. Our stated aim is to regain
A-category long-term ratings in the future.

As a matter of principle, we pursue a prudent debt management strategy to ensure flexibility,
drawing on a balanced financing portfolio. This is fundamentally based on bonds in various
currencies, syndicated credit facilities, bilateral loan agreements and a global commercial paper
program.

We use financial derivatives to hedge against risks arising from business operations or financial B
transactions, but do not employ contracts in the absence of an underlying transaction. It is our
policy to diminish default risks by selecting trading partners with a high credit standing. We
closely monitor the execution of all transactions, which are conducted in accordance with Bayer
Group policies.

See also A 3.2.2

Liquidity and Capital Expenditures of the Bayer Group

A22.4/2
Bayer Group Summary Statements of Cash Flows
€ million Q4 2019 Q4 2020 2019 2020
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
from continuing operations 3,307 697 7,983 4,569
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
from discontinued operations (61) 54 224 334
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 3,246 751 8,207 4,903
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 35 (194) (671) (4,073)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (4,471) (1,354) (8,389) 423
Change in cash and cash equivalents due to business activities (1,190) (797) (853) 4,253
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 4,410 5,067 4,052 3,185
Change due to exchange rate movements and to changes
in scope of consolidation (35) (79) (14) (247)
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 3,185 4,191 3,185 4,191

2019 figures restated

Net cash provided by operating activities

The net operating cash flow from continuing operations in 2020 came to €4,569 million (2019:
€7,983 million). The decline compared with the prior year was largely attributable to payments of
€3.9 billion to resolve litigations. Total net operating cash flow came to €4,903 million (2019:
€8,207 million).

Net cash used in investing activities

Investing activities led to a net cash outflow of €4,073 million (2019: €671 million). The cash
outflows for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets included in this figure declined
by 8.8% to €2,418 million (2019: €2,650 million). Divestment proceeds less transferred cash
amounted to €4,172 million (2019: €2,546 million) and mainly pertained to the sale of the Animal
Health business unit. Cash outflows for acquisitions less acquired cash amounted to €2,263 million
(2019: €410 million). This includes the acquisitions of Asklepios BioPharmaceutical, Inc., United
States, and KaNDy Therapeutics Ltd., United Kingdom. The net cash outflow for current financial
assets was €4,455 million (2019: €303 million) and mainly resulted from investments in money
market funds. This line item also included the €1.5 billion in cash inflows in the fourth quarter from
the sale of Elanco shares.


--- Page 67 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

Net cash provided by financing activities

There was a net cash inflow of €423 million for financing activities (2019: outflow of

€8,389 million). This included net borrowings of €4,467 million (2019: net loan repayments of
€4,296 million). The difference to the prior year partly reflects the €6 billion bond issuance in
July 2020 and the repayment of bonds in 2019, particularly in the fourth quarter. Net interest
payments decreased to €1,276 million (2019: €1,478 million). The Bayer Group paid a dividend
of €2,768 million (2019: €2,615 million).

Free cash flow
Free cash flow (total), which is the total operating cash flow less capital expenditures plus interest

and dividends received less interest paid, was €1,343 million in 2020 (2019: 4,214 million).

Capital expenditures

A2.2.4/3

Cash Flow-Relevant Capital Expenditure for Property, Plant and Equipment and for Intangible
Assets

€ milion 2019 2020
Crop Science 4,203 1,103
Pharmaceuticals 811 915
Consumer Health 169 159
Reconciliation 269 209
Group" 2,650 2,418

1 Group total including continuing and discontinued operations

Crop Science continuously invests in its global production network for crop protection products
and seeds as well as in research, development and digital transformation. The largest capital
expenditure projects in 2020 included the expansion of fungicide production in Germany

(€36 million). In the United States, we invested in the sourcing of an important raw material used
in the production of glyphosate (€13 million). Alongside these projects, the development of digital
solutions for our customers was a key focus of our capital expenditures in 2020 and will remain
so in the coming years.

At Pharmaceuticals, the largest expenditures for property, plant, and equipment in 2020 were
for the development of a modular production center for biologicals in Berkeley, United States
(€65 million); modernization programs for the production network of our product supply
organization at the sites in Leverkusen, Germany; Turku, Finland; and Garbagnate, Italy

(€66 million); the building of a new research facility in Wuppertal, Germany (€55 million); and
the construction of a sterile filling plant in Berlin, Germany (€27 million).

At approximately €24 million, Consumer Health’s largest investment was the GMP upgrade
program across its global production sites.

/*


--- Page 68 ---

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report | 94

A22.4/4
Material Capital Expenditures for Property, Plant and Equipment
2019 2020
Crop Science Expansion of production capacities for fungicides in Dormagen, Germany initiated’ ‘ongoing
Expansion of research and development facilities in Monheim, Germany ongoing ‘ongoing
Establishment of a production site for fungicides in Kansas City, Missouri, U.S.A. completed
Expansion of production capacities for insecticides in Vapi, India ongoing ‘ongoing
Construction of a corn seed production site in Pochuyki, Ukraine ‘ongoing? ‘ongoing
Construction of a corn breeding station in Marana, Arizona, U.S.A. completed
Expansion of R&D facilities in Petrolina, Brazil initiated ‘ongoing
Expansion of R&D facilities in Chesterfield, Missouri, U.S.A. completed
Construction of a cotton seed production site in Lubbock, Texas, U.S.A completed
IT solutions to support digital transformation ‘ongoing ‘ongoing
Sourcing of a raw material used in the production of glyphosate in Soda Springs, U.S.A. initiated ‘ongoing
implementation of sustainability measures in Soda Springs, U.S.A. initiated ‘ongoing
Pharmaceuticals Expansion of Eylea™ production capacities in Berlin, Germany, and Shiga, Japan ongoing completed
Pilot facility for solids production in Leverkusen, Germany ongoing completed
Modernization of production facilities at sites across the production network ongoing ongoing
(Leverkusen, Germany; Garbagnate, Italy; Turku, Finland)
Construction of a new research building (preclinical pharmacology) in Wuppertal (Aprath), ongoing ‘ongoing
Germany
Modernization of research facilities in Berlin, Germany ongoing ‘ongoing
Expansion of active ingredient production for Xarelto™ in Bergkamen, Germany ongoing completed
Construction of modular production center for biologicals in Berkeley, U.S.A ‘ongoing ‘ongoing
Construction of a sterile filling plant for launch products in Berlin, Germany ongoing ‘ongoing
Expansion of Xarelto™ production in Bitterfeld, Germany ongoing completed
Expansion of active ingredient production for acarbose in Wuppertal, Germany ongoing ‘ongoing
Expansion of packaging capacities in Beijing, China initiated
Construction of a new production facility for solid launch products initiated
in Leverkusen, Germany
Consumer Health Upgrade of global production site facilities to new GMP standards ‘ongoing ‘ongoing

* New capital expenditure project initiated at the same site
2 Work continued in 2019 and 2020

Liquid assets and net financial debt

A22.4/5
Net Financial Debt"
Dec. 31, Dec. 31,

€ million 2019 2020 Change %
Bonds and notes 33,569 36,745 +95

of which hybrid bonds? 4,528 4,532 +0.1
Liabilities to banks* 4,062 3,671 -9.6
Lease liabilities 1,251 1,137 -9.1
Liabilities from derivatives‘ 123 136 +10.6
Other financial liabilities 89 77 -13.5
Receivables from derivatives* (76) (141) 485.5
Financial debt 39,018 41,625 +6.7
Cash and cash equivalents (3,185) (4,191) +31.6
Current financial assets® (1,765) (7,393) .
Net financial debt 34,068 30,041 -11.8

| For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Classified as debt according to IFRS

$ Including both financial and nonfinancial liabilities

“Including the market values of interest-rate and currency hedges of recorded transactions

5 Including short-term receivables with maturities between 3 and 12 months outstanding from banks and other companies,

financial investments in debt and equity instruments that were recorded as current on first-time recognition, and shares in Elanco

and Covestro


--- Page 69 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group

In 2020, the Bayer Group’s net financial debt decreased by €4.0 billion to €30.0 billion. Cash
inflows from operating activities and the sale of the Animal Health business unit, along with
positive currency effects, more than offset the cash outflows for dividends, the acquisition of the
U.S. pharmaceutical company Asklepios BioPharmaceutical, Inc. and settlement payments for
litigations in the United States.

Financial debt included four subordinated hybrid bonds with a total volume of €4.5 billion, 50%
of which is treated as equity by the rating agencies. As such, the hybrid bonds have a positive
impact on the Group's rating-specific debt indicators.

In July 2020, Bayer AG placed bonds with a total volume of €6.0 billion. The issuance

comprised four €1.5 billion tranches with maturities of 4 years, 6.5 years, 9.5 years and 12 years.

The coupons on the notes are 0.375%, 0.75%, 1.125% and 1.375%, respectively.

In addition, debt instruments (exchangeable bond) with a nominal volume of €1.0 billion were
repaid in cash in June 2020.

The increase in current financial assets mainly resulted from investments in money market funds.

Asset and Capital Structure of the Bayer Group

A22.4/6
Bayer Group Summary Statements of Financial Position

Dec. 31, Dec. 31, Change
€ million 2019 2020 (%)
Noncurrent assets 93,735 81,386 =13.2
Assets held for sale 1,137 113 -90.1
Other current assets 31,302 35,547 +13.6
Current assets 32,439 35,660 +9.9
Total assets 126,174 117,046 -7.2
Equity 47,433 30,699 =35.3
Noncurrent liabilities 55,526 49,619 -10.6
Current liabilities 22,553 36,728 +62.9
Liabilities directly related to assets held for sale 662 - - 100.0
Total current liabilities 23,215 36,728 + 58.2
Liabilities 78,741 86,347 +9.7
Total equity and liabilities 126,174 117,046 =7.2

2019 figures restated

Between December 31, 2019, and December 31, 2020, total assets decreased by €9.1 billion.

Noncurrent assets declined by €12.3 billion to €81.4 billion, mainly due to a €3.2 billion reduction
in goodwill and a €8.7 billion decrease in other intangible assets that primarily related to the
aforementioned impairment charges at Crop Science.

Total current assets increased by €3.2 billion to €35.7 billion, driven by a €5.6 billion increase in
other financial assets and a €1.0 billion rise in cash and cash equivalents. The liquidity arising from
the proceeds of the sale of the Animal Health business unit to Elanco and from the bond issuance
was invested in money market funds. This stood against a €2.1 billion decline in trade accounts
receivable due to lower sales, the improved collection of receivables and foreign currency effects
as of the closing date, along with a €1.0 billion reduction in assets held for sale that primarily
pertained to the aforementioned divestment to Elanco.

/*


--- Page 70 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 96
2.3 Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group

Equity declined by €16.7 billion compared with December 31, 2019, to €30.7 billion, mainly due
to the negative earnings impact in 2020 (€10.5 billion), the dividend payment (€2.8 billion) and
negative currency effects (€3.5 billion). The equity ratio declined to 26.2% as of December 31,
2020 (December 31, 2019: 37.6%).

Liabilities as of December 31, 2020, rose by €7.6 billion to €86.3 billion, largely as a result of
changes in provisions for litigations. Allocations of €13.4 billion were made for this purpose in
2020, while provisions of €4.2 billion were utilized and there were positive currency effects of
€1.1 billion. The resulting €8.1 billion increase comprised €7.3 billion in current provisions and
€0.8 billion in noncurrent provisions. Noncurrent financial liabilities increased by €6.0 billion due
to the issuance of new bonds. The reclassification of bonds and liabilities to banks to current
financial liabilities (€7.6 billion) along with positive currency effects (€2.1 billion) resulted in a
€3.7 billion net decline in noncurrent financial liabilities. The €2.4 billion decline in deferred tax
liabilities to €1.3 billion was primarily attributable to the aforementioned impairment charges at
Crop Science. In connection with the acquisitions of Noho Health, Inc., United States, and
Asklepios BioPharmaceutical, Inc., United States, liabilities were recognized for potential
milestone payments in the future and for commitments to purchase additional shares. The
liabilities directly related to assets held for sale and discontinued operations recognized in the
prior year (€0.7 billion) were derecognized following the divestment to Elanco.

2.3 Alternative Performance Measures
Used by the Bayer Group

The Combined Management Report and the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer B

Group are prepared according to the applicable financial reporting standards. In addition to the See also “About this
disclosures and metrics these require, Bayer publishes alternative performance measures (APMs) Report” and Note [2] to
that are not defined or specified in these standards and for which there are no generally accepted srsctaated Financial
reporting formats. Bayer calculates APMs to enable a comparison of performance indicators over

time and against those of other companies in its industry sectors. These APMs are calculated by

making certain adjustments to items in the statement of financial position or the income statement

prepared according to the applicable financial reporting standards. Such adjustments may result

from differences in calculation or measurement methods, nonuniform business activities or special

factors affecting the information value of these items. The APMs determined in this way apply to

all periods and are used both internally for business management purposes and externally by

analysts, investors and rating agencies to assess the company’s performance. Bayer determines

the following APMs:

// Change in sales (reported, currency-adjusted, currency- and portfolio-adjusted)
// EBITDA

// EBITDA before special items

// EBITDA margin before special items

// EBIT

// EBIT before special items

// Core earnings per share

// Net financial debt

// Return on capital employed (ROCE)

// Net operating profit after tax (NOPAT)

// Capital employed

// Weighted average cost of capital (WACC)
// Free cash flow

// Forecast key financial data


--- Page 71 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 97
2.3 Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group

The (reported) change in sales is a relative indicator. It shows the percentage by which sales
varied from the previous year.

The currency-adjusted or currency- and portfolio-adjusted change in sales shows the
percentage change in sales excluding the impact of exchange rate effects and, in the latter case,
disregarding material acquisitions and divestments as well. Exchange rate effects are generally
calculated on the basis of the functional currency valid in the respective country. An exception
existed in Argentina, primarily in our crop protection business, where the currency effect was
calculated on the basis of the U.S. dollar instead of the functional currency.

EBITDA stands for earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and impairment losses /loss
reversals on property, plant and equipment, impairment losses on goodwill, and amortization

and impairment losses /loss reversals on other intangible assets. This performance indicator
neutralizes the effects of the financial result along with distortions of operational performance that
result from divergent depreciation and amortization methods and the exercise of measurement
discretion. EBITDA is EBIT plus the amortization of intangible assets and the depreciation of
property, plant and equipment, plus impairment losses and minus impairment loss reversals,
recognized in profit or loss during the reporting period.

EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) serves to present a company’s performance while See B 1 of the Notes to
eliminating the effects of differences among local taxation systems and different financing the Consolidated

Financial Statements for
the reconciliation to EBIT

activities.

EBITDA before special items and EBIT before special items show the development of the
operational business irrespective of the effects of special items, i.e. special effects for the
Bayer Group with regard to their nature and magnitude. These may include acquisition costs,
divestments, litigations, restructuring, integration costs, impairment losses and impairment loss
reversals. In the calculation of EBIT before special items and EBITDA before special items,
special charges are added and special gains subtracted.

The EBITDA margin before special items is a relative indicator used by Bayer for internal and
external comparisons of operational earnings performance. It is the ratio of EBITDA before special
items to net sales.

The APM core earnings per share (core EPS) from continuing operations is based on the concept a
of earnings per share (EPS) as defined in IAS 33. Core EPS forms the basis of the Bayer Group’s See A 2.2.1/3 for the

dividend policy. calculation of core EPS,
and A 2.2.1 for further

Core EPS is calculated using the following method: Based on EBIT (as per the income details

statements), the special items, impairment losses on goodwill, amortization / impairment losses /
loss reversals on other intangible assets, impairment losses/loss reversals on property, plant and
equipment and the accelerated depreciation included in special items are neutralized to determine
core EBIT. This enables a comparison of performance over time. Core EBIT is reconciled to core
net income from continuing operations. This is calculated by adding the core financial result to
core EBIT. Special items in the financial result include nonrecurring financial expenses or income
that are not part of our normal financing activities. These primarily pertain to changes in the fair
value of equity instruments that are not held for medium- or long-term strategic purposes, as well
as to nonrecurring financial expenses or income arising from acquisitions, divestments and
litigations. Income taxes — net of special items — are then deducted from this figure to give core
net income. Special items relating to income taxes include material effects from tax reforms,
among other things.


--- Page 72 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 98
2.3 Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group

Core EPS is then calculated by dividing core net income by the weighted average number of
shares.

As core EPS is calculated for each interim reporting period, core EPS for the fiscal year or for
each interim reporting period up to the respective closing date may deviate from the cumulated

core EPS for the individual interim reporting periods.

Net financial debt is an important financial management indicator for the Bayer Group and is used AB

both internally and externally in assessing its liquidity, capital structure and financial flexibility. See A 2.2.4/5 for the
calculation of net

The return on capital employed (ROCE) measures the capital return over a specified period and is financial debt

employed as a strategic indicator to evaluate value creation. It is the ratio of net operating profit AB

after taxes (NOPAT) to the average capital employed in a fiscal year. NOPAT is calculated by See A 2.2.3 for the

subtracting income taxes from EBIT. Income taxes are calculated by multiplying EBIT by a uniform calculation of ROCE
tax rate that is based on a historical average of tax rates.

The capital employed by Bayer is the total carrying amount of operational noncurrent and current a

assets, minus liabilities that are largely non-interest-bearing in character and/or would distort the See A 2.2.3 for the
capital base. An average value, calculated from the values at the end of the prior year and of the calculation of capital
reporting year, is used to depict the change in capital employed during the reporting year. employed

The ROCE is compared to the weighted average cost of capital (WACC), which is the return
expected by the providers of equity and debt. If the ROCE exceeds the WACC, return
expectations have been exceeded, indicating that value has been created.

The WACC is based on an after-tax approach and calculated at the start of the year as the
weighted average of the equity and debt cost factors. The cost of equity is determined using the
capital asset pricing model (CAPM), while the debt-capital cost factor is calculated based on the
average returns of ten-year Eurobonds issued by industrial companies. Further information on the
segment-specific capital cost factors used in impairment testing is provided in Note [4] to B
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Free cash flow (FCF) is an alternative performance measure that is based on the cash flow from
operating activities under IAS 7. FCF illustrates the cash flows available for paying dividends and
reducing debt as well as for investing in innovation and acquisitions. It is calculated by subtracting
cash outflows for additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets from the cash
flow from operating activities from continuing and discontinued operations, adding interest and
dividends received along with interest received from interest-rate swaps, and deducting interest
paid including interest-rate swaps.

The forward-looking key performance indicators published in the forecast for key financial data
are based on data that is determined in the course of our planning process. The key financial data
in the forecast is determined in accordance with the applied accounting policies and with the
calculation models for alternative performance measures described in this chapter.


--- Page 73 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 99
3.1 Future Perspectives

3. Report on Future Perspectives
and on Opportunities and Risks

3.1 Future Perspectives

3.1.1 Economic Outlook

A3.4.1/1

Economic Outlook
Growth
Growth’ forecast'
2020 2021
World -3.9% +4.4%
European Union? =6.7% 43.3%
of which Germany -5.3% +2.8%
United States -3.6% +4.0%
Emerging Markets® =2.1% +5.8%

1 Real GDP growth: Source: IHS Markit
? EU excluding United Kingdom

S Including about 50 countries defined by IHS Markit as emerging markets in line with the World Bank
As of January 2021

Global economy expected to recover in 2021

In 2021, we expect the world economy to slowly recover from the deep recession seen in 2020.
Global economic output is projected to increase substantially. The COVID-19 pandemic will likely
continue to weigh on growth, with protective measures and contact restrictions remaining
necessary in many countries and government assistance programs potentially being scaled back.
However, vaccines are expected to be widely available throughout the world over the course of
the year, helping to gradually contain the pandemic. This will likely trigger an increase in private
consumption in the second half of the year and a further normalization of the economy. The
recovery is expected to be particularly strong in the United States and the Emerging Markets,
especially China and India. By contrast, the recovery in the European Union is likely to be
somewhat slower, mainly due to a potential further increase in unemployment.

The economic forecasts — including those for our divisions — continue to involve considerable
uncertainties with regard to the further development of the pandemic.

ABA1/2

Economic Outlook for the Divisions
Growth
Growth forecast
2020 2021
Seeds and crop protection market! +2% +2%
Pharmaceuticals market? +3% +5%
Consumer health market® +4% +2%

2020 data provisional
' Bayer’s estimate (as of January 2021), plus various local sources; currency-adjusted

2 Source: IQVIA Market Prognosis (as of September 2020); all rights reserved; currency-adjusted

3 Bayer’s estimate (as of November 2020), taking into account external sources; currency-adjusted

We foresee moderate growth for the global seed and crop protection market (+2%). This will
primarily be driven by strong global demand for corn and soybean, leading to increased acreages
in the North America and Latin America regions and improving farm incomes. However, growth


--- Page 74 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report

3.1 Future Perspectives

will be held back by continuing pressure from the COVID-19 pandemic and regulatory and
competitive factors.

We expect the pharmaceuticals market to expand by 5% in 2021 (2020: 3%). Growth momentum
is expected to be fueled by price and volume increases along with product innovation, especially
in connection with the advancing digital transformation of health care. We anticipate rising growth
rates in all regions compared with 2020, with very positive market development expected in Asia
in particular.

At around 2%, we anticipate that growth of the consumer health market in 2021 will be
significantly below the 2020 level (about 4%), as we cycle over exceptionally high growth seen
during the early phase of the pandemic in 2020. We also expect that social distancing and
economic conditions will continue to put pressure on market growth.

3.1.2 Corporate Outlook

The following forecast is based on the current business development and our internal planning.
It was prepared using the exchange rates as of December 31, 2020. A 1% appreciation
(depreciation) of the euro against all other currencies would decrease (increase) sales by some
€350 million and EBITDA before special items by about €100 million on an annual basis.

In fiscal 2021, we expect to generate sales of approximately €41 billion, which corresponds

to an increase of approximately 3% on a currency- and portfolio-adjusted basis. We are targeting
an EBITDA margin before special items of approximately 26%. Based on the aforementioned
sales figure, this would correspond to EBITDA before special items of between €10.5 billion and
€10.8 billion. We expect core earnings per share to come in at approximately €5.60 to €5.80.

To enhance the comparability of operating performance, we are presenting our forecast on a
currency-adjusted basis as well'®.

We expect to post currency-adjusted sales of approximately €42 billion to €43 billion, which
corresponds to an increase of about 3% on a currency- and portfolio-adjusted basis. We expect
to generate an EBITDA margin before special items of around 27% on a currency-adjusted basis.
Based on the currency-adjusted sales forecast, this would correspond to EBITDA before special
items of €11.2 billion to €11.5 billion and core earnings per share of approximately €6.10 to €6.30
on a currency-adjusted basis.

5 Using the average monthly exchange rates from 2020 (see B 3/1)

| 100


--- Page 75 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 101
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

A3.4.2/1
Forecast for 2021
2021 forecast at closing 2021 forecast
2020 figures rates on Dec. 31, 2020 (Fx adj.)
Fx & p adj. Fx & p adj. Fx & p adj.
€ billion change (%) € billion change (%) € billion change (%)
Sales 41.4 +0.6 ~41 ~+3 ~42 to 43 ~+3
Crop Science 18.8 +1.3 ~+2 ~+2
Pharmaceuticals 17.2 -1.5 ~+4 ~+4
Consumer Health 5.1 +5.2 ~+2to3 ~+2to3
Margin (%) Margin (%) Margin (%)
EBITDA
before special items’ 11.5 27.7 ~26 ~27
Crop Science 45 24.1 ~23 ~24
Pharmaceuticals 6.0 34.9 ~32 ~32
Consumer Health V4 22.0 ~22 to 23 ~23
Financial result (core)? -1.6 -1.5 -1.6
Tax rate (core)? 23.7% 23% 23%
Free cash flow’ 1.3 ~-3.0 to -4.0 ~-3.0 to -4.0
Net financial debt' 30.0 ~35 to 36 ~36 to 37
Special items in EBIT -23.3 “1.5 1.5
€ € €
Core earnings per share" 6.39 5.60 to 5.80 6.10 to 6.30

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted

| For definition see A 2.3 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

2 Financial result before special items

5 (Income taxes + special items in income taxes + tax effects on adjustments) / (core EBIT + financial result + special items in
financial result)

We plan to take total special charges of about €1.5 billion (currency-adjusted) in 2021 in
connection with restructuring and integration measures.

Potential estimation risks regarding special charges in connection with litigations are referenced in
A 3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report.

3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

3.2.1 Group-wide Opportunity and Risk Management System

As a global life science enterprise, we are exposed to a wide range of internal and external
developments and events that could significantly impact the achievement of our financial and
nonfinancial objectives. Opportunity and risk management is therefore an integral part of
corporate management at Bayer.

Opportunity management system

We identify opportunities as part of the annual strategic planning cycle, during which we analyze
internal and external factors that may affect our business. These may be factors of a social,
economic or environmental nature. The core phase of our strategic planning process takes place
in the first half of the year and starts with a comprehensive analysis of the markets. We build on
this by analyzing the respective market environments to identify opportunities. These analyses
are based on different time periods since trends or developments may impact our business over
the short, medium or long term. In addition, opportunities are identified by the management

and employees through daily observation of internal processes and markets. Depending on
developments, factors affecting our business, such as market risks, may result in either risks or
opportunities.


--- Page 76 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 102
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Risk management system

We have implemented a holistic and integrated risk management system designed to ensure the
continued existence and future target attainment of the Group through the early identification,
assessment and treatment of risks.

Our risk management system is aligned to internationally recognized standards and principles
such as the ISO 31000 risk management standard of the International Organization for
Standardization.

Structure of Bayer’s risk management system

A32.4/1

Structure of the Risk Management System

Supervisory Board
Board of Management
Bayer Assurance Committee

Crop Science Risk early warning system

; internal control system for
Pharmaceuticals (Group) financial reporting
process

Consumer Health Compliance management system

Internal Audit

Other systems
quality management)

Enabling functions

Operational business Control and monitoring systems Process-independent monitoring

Bayer principles, standards, methods and tools

The Board of Management of Bayer AG holds overall responsibility for an effective risk
management system. The Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board examines the
appropriateness and effectiveness of the risk management system at least once a year and
reports to the full Supervisory Board.

The Bayer Assurance Committee, which is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer, is a committee
of the Board of Management. Besides ensuring that appropriate action is taken to control

any substantial risks, the Bayer Assurance Committee regularly discusses and reviews the risk
portfolio and the status of the risk control measures.

Responsibility for the identification, assessment, treatment and reporting of risks lies with the
operational business units in the divisions and enabling functions.

Control and monitoring systems

To enable the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board to monitor material business risks
as required by law, we have implemented a risk early warning system pursuant to Section 91,
Paragraph 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG), an internal control system for (Group)
accounting and financial reporting processes, and a compliance management system.
Responsibility for these systems lies with different enabling functions. The Internal Audit & Risk
Management enabling function, including in particular this function’s Enterprise Risk Management
unit, steers and coordinates the risk management system. It provides overarching standards,
methods and tools, is responsible for the risk early warning system, steers the annual Enterprise
Risk Management (ERM) process, and ensures reporting to the Bayer Assurance Committee, the
Board of Management and the Supervisory Board.


--- Page 77 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Risk early warning system

Our ERM system meets the requirement set out in Section 91, Paragraph 2 of the German Stock
Corporation Act that a risk early warning system be implemented and used to identify, at an early
stage, developments that are material and/or could endanger the company’s continued
existence. It establishes a consistent framework and uniform standards for the risk early warning
system throughout the Bayer Group.

Internal control system for (Group) accounting and financial reporting
(Report pursuant to Section 289, Paragraph 4 and Section 315, Paragraph 4 of the German
Commercial Code)

As part of the comprehensive risk management system, Bayer has an internal control system (ICS)
in place for the (Group) accounting and financial reporting process. This system comprises
suitable structures and workflows that are defined and implemented throughout the organization.
The purpose of our ICS is to ensure proper and effective accounting and financial reporting in
accordance with Section 289, Paragraph 4 and Section 315, Paragraph 4 of the German
Commercial Code. The ICS is designed to guarantee timely, uniform and accurate accounting for
all business transactions based on applicable statutory regulations, accounting and financial
reporting standards and the internal Group policies that are binding on all consolidated
companies. Risks are identified and assessed, and appropriate countermeasures are taken to
mitigate them. Mandatory, Group-wide standards such as system-based and manual
reconciliation processes and functional separation have been derived from these frameworks and
promulgated throughout the Bayer Group by the Group Finance enabling function on behalf of the
Chief Financial Officer of Bayer AG. These standards are implemented by the Bayer Group
companies. Compliance with these standards is the responsibility of the respective management
teams. The Board of Management of Bayer AG has confirmed the effective functioning of the

ICS and the relevant criteria for the 2020 fiscal year. However, it should be noted that an internal
control system, irrespective of its design, cannot provide absolute assurance that material
misstatements in the financial reporting will be avoided or identified.

Compliance management system

Our compliance management system is aimed at ensuring lawful and responsible conduct by our BR
employees. It is designed to identify potential violations in advance and systematically prevent
their occurrence. The compliance management system thus contributes significantly to the
integration of compliance into our operating units and their processes. Detailed information on
compliance management can be found in Chapter A 4.2 “Compliance,” which describes in
particular the process of identifying risks and taking measures to mitigate them.

See also A 4.2

Process-independent monitoring

The Internal Audit & Risk Management enabling function conducts independent, risk-based and
objective audit activities, employing a targeted and systematic approach in order to assess and
help improve the effectiveness of corporate governance, risk management and monitoring
processes. In addition, the external auditor, as an independent external body, assesses the
fundamental suitability of the early warning system as part of its audit of the annual financial
statements.

Basic elements of the Bayer risk management system

Risk culture and objectives of the risk management system

All levels of the company are included in risk management in order to heighten the awareness and
understanding of risks. This lays the foundation for a risk culture with independent, proactive and
systematic risk management involving clearly defined roles and responsibilities, principles,
standards, methods, tools and training measures. The aims of the risk management system are to
achieve risk transparency, which also encompasses the early detection of risks, to support risk-
based (treatment) decisions and to ensure compliance with legal requirements. This establishes a
basis for the proper and responsible management of risks.

| 103


--- Page 78 ---

3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report | 104

Risk management process
Identification: Risks are identified by risk owners in the divisions and enabling functions. To
support the fullest possible identification of risks, we maintain a risk universe that reflects the
company’s potential risk categories. The Bayer Risk Universe, which is regularly updated,
expressly accounts for risks of a nonfinancial nature that are linked to our business activity or to
our business relationships, products and services. Risks pursuant to the CSR Directive
Implementation Act that relate to environmental, employee and social issues, human rights,
corruption and bribery (compliance) are included as well.

Assessment: Where possible, the identified risks are evaluated with regard to their potential
impact and likelihood of occurrence using the following matrix and taking into account established
risk control measures.

A

See “About this Report”
for more information on
the nonfinancial
statement pursuant to
the CSR Directive
Implementation Act

AB21/2

Risk Assessment Matrix

Severe/
>2,500

Maior/
>1,500-2,500

ion)

Significant/
>750-1,500

(€

Medium/
>250-750

°
2
£
€
oS
§
z
°
2
=
§
a

Moderate /
>150-250

Likelihood of occurrence in a 10-year period (%) }§

Very unlikely Unlikely Possible Likely Very likely
<10% 10% -30% 30% -50% 50% -70% >70%
es High == Medium Low see Risks to be reported externally

Risks are classified as high, medium or low when assessing their materiality within the overall

risk portfolio. The extent of the impact is rated in quantitative and/or qualitative terms. The
quantitative assessment reflects a potentially negative effect on cash flows. A qualitative
assessment of the impact is based on criteria such as the effect on our strategy or reputation, the
potential loss of stakeholder confidence, and potential incomplete compliance with sustainability
principles (e.g., in the area of safety, environmental protection or human rights). The higher rating
- qualitatively or quantitatively - determines the overall assessment. The likelihood of occurrence
is calculated based on a maximum period of 10 years. A further aspect we consider is the speed
at which the impact will occur if a risk materializes. Risk categories may potentially influence the
materialization of risks in other categories, a factor that we take into account when assessing the
likelihood of occurrence. For example, developments in the “Social and macroeconomic trends”
risk category may have an influence on the “Regulatory changes,” “Legal/ compliance” and
“Product safety and stewardship” categories.

Risks with a potential impact of over €5,000 million are examined separately by the Bayer
Assurance Committee to determine whether they could endanger the company’s continued
existence.


--- Page 79 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 105
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Treatment: The risk owners decide on a targeted risk level based on a cost-benefit analysis and
define a risk management strategy as well as risk management measures. These include risk
avoidance, risk reduction, risk transfer and risk acceptance.

Reporting: The results are reported to the Bayer Assurance Committee by the Enterprise Risk
Management unit within the Internal Audit & Risk Management enabling function. In addition, new
risks above a defined threshold are reported to Enterprise Risk Management on an ad-hoc basis
and, if relevant, to the Bayer Assurance Committee and the Chief Financial Officer. A report on the
risk portfolio is submitted to the Board of Management and the Audit Committee of the
Supervisory Board at least once a year.

Monitoring and improvement

The Enterprise Risk Management unit within the Internal Audit & Risk Management enabling
function continuously evaluates whether the principles, standards, methods and tools are
appropriate and up to date.

3.2.2 Opportunity and Risk Status

In this section, we report on material, reportable risks pursuant to German Accounting Standard
No. 20. These include all financial and nonfinancial risks that have been classified as high or
medium and are at least significant in terms of potential impact after taking into account the risk
control measures in place (net risk). They encompass risks falling within the black outline in the
assessment matrix in A 3.2.1/2. In addition, we report relevant risks that from a financial point of
view may not be sufficiently or meaningfully quantifiable, if at all. We also report on the principal
opportunities identified in the course of our opportunity management. Furthermore, we assess the
probability that the effects of individual risks could change significantly during the forecast period.
Our most recent evaluation did not find this to be the case, with the following exception: Legal
proceedings generally involve estimation risks, which may be substantial in some cases. Against
the background of the proceedings in the glyphosate matter, in particular, outcomes of the
mediation process and/or the ongoing litigations may lead to adjustments of the provisions
established in connection with this series of litigations. Such adjustments may materially impact
the forecast issued with respect to the financial position and cash flows.

Comparable risks existing in different divisions of the company are grouped together where

applicable.

According to our understanding, risks relating to the aspects outlined in the CSR Directive ha)
Implementation Act that would have to be reported separately would have to have at least a See also A 3.2.1 and
“severe” potential impact under the qualitative criterion “potential incomplete compliance with “About this Report”

sustainability principles,” and additionally their likelinood of occurrence would have to be
classified as “very likely.” We did not identify any such risks in 2020.

The section below details the individual risk categories, how they have been classified and the
divisions concerned. The order in which the risks are listed does not imply any order of
importance. We also describe opportunities and risks of a division-specific nature where relevant.
The divisions mentioned are those that have identified material risks. Other divisions may also be
affected to a lesser extent. Material risks reported by enabling functions are categorized under
“Group,” although they may also affect the divisions.

In addition, the year 2020 was marked by the COVID-19 pandemic, the impact of which gives
rise to risks such as a prolonged, significant decline in global demand as well as unfavorable
geopolitical and macroeconomic effects. Such developments could have consequences for our
company such as a decline in sales, disruptions to our supply chain including the inability to
procure certain materials, an increase in input prices or longer development times. Our earnings,
working capital, cash flow and ability to achieve strategic objectives might continue to be
negatively impacted.


--- Page 80 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 106
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Social and macroeconomic trends (High: Group; Medium: Crop Science)'®

The growing world population coupled with rising food demand gives rise to opportunities for

our Crop Science Division. In addition, changing consumption patterns and increasing public
awareness of the importance of healthy eating and sustainability, paired with new digital
technologies, are giving rise to new pools of value in the agriculture market. Therefore, while high-
quality seeds and crop protection will remain at our core, we will see opportunities arise to
capture additional value with new customers, new selling approaches and digital capabilities.
Furthermore, the increase in quality of life and life expectancy is leading to a heightened focus

on the medical care needs of elderly patients. To take advantage of the opportunities arising from
the growing demand for innovative health care products to treat age-related diseases, our
Pharmaceuticals Division is concentrating its research and development activities on relevant
therapeutic areas, among other measures.

Moreover, a negative public perception of Bayer represents a risk. For example, modern
agricultural methods, such as the application of certain classes of crop protection products and
the use of genetic engineering, are often the subject of intense public debate and can adversely
affect our reputation. The risk of an increasingly negative public debate that is not primarily based
on science may, for example, lead to legislative and regulatory decisions that are unfavorable to
our company, significantly limiting the use of our products or even resulting in voluntary or
mandated product withdrawals. We are engaged in constant dialogue with interest groups and
regulators to promote scientifically founded, rational and responsible discussions and decision-
making processes.

Furthermore, negative developments of a macroeconomic nature, such as crises in important AB

sales markets for our company, could weigh on our business and reduce our earnings. Our seed See also A 1.2 Strategy
and crop protection business in particular is cyclical and is shaped by economic developments

and factors including fluctuating weather conditions and pest pressure that may adversely

impact our Crop Science business. We address these influences through our globally diversified

business, flexible supply chain, comprehensive monitoring and assessment of market

developments, and our ability to adjust production volumes to the level of demand forecast in

sales and distribution planning on the basis of an optimized supply chain strategy.

Market developments (Medium: Crop Science)

In the Crop Science Division, we could face increased competition in the seed and crop a

protection industry. New competitors entering the market and aggressive marketing and pricing See also A 1.2.2

strategies — not only for generic products — could negatively impact our profitability. Lower-than- Sustainability
Management

anticipated demand could have a negative effect on our corn seed business, for example. In
addition, increasing digitalization in the agriculture sector could lead to the rise of new players and
alter the market. Greater precision in the application of products could lead to a decline in the
quantities used, which in turn could potentially impact value creation within our crop protection
business. To take account of these developments, we are realigning our business models,
engaging in scientific and commercial partnerships and utilizing our own R&D capabilities. The
unexpected development of resistances, which could impact market growth or the profitability of
our products, represents a further risk. By regularly monitoring such developments, we are able to
initiate industry-wide measures to halt the spread of resistance if necessary. In addition, we
actively update our product portfolio based on anti-resistance strategies.

However, the development of resistance to crop protection products and special traits also
represents an opportunity as a continuous natural driver of innovation. This applies not

only to our core business with crop protection products and high-quality seeds, but also to our
tailored solutions.

* The classification pertains to the risks.


--- Page 81 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

New developments such as cell and gene therapies and digitalization are enabling patient needs
to be addressed in a more targeted and sustainable way. This provides an opportunity for our
Pharmaceuticals Division. Cell and gene therapies can be used to treat or potentially even
completely cure numerous as yet untreatable diseases. At the same time, digitalization is leading
to improved diagnostic methods, enabling diseases to be diagnosed and treated in a more
targeted way.

Regulatory changes (High: Pharmaceuticals; Medium: Crop Science, Group)

Our business activity is subject to extensive and changing regulations in which we see increased
risks. For example, further restrictions could be imposed on the sale and use of various crop
protection products, or approvals that have already been granted could be challenged. In
addition, the pricing of pharmaceutical products could become more strictly regulated — not only
for products already exposed to generic competition, but also for innovative, patent-protected
products. Residues of agrochemical products, pharmaceutical compounds or microplastics in the
environment could also become subject to more stringent regulation. In addition, regulatory
changes could affect agricultural imports from other parts of the world and therefore our business
in those regions. Regulatory changes could also cause uncertainty over our products’ patent
protection, potentially resulting in financial losses that may even include the repayment of license
fees. Regulatory changes may also lead to higher product development costs and longer
development times or even necessitate adjustments to our product portfolio, which in turn may
negatively impact our reputation.

We counter such risks by monitoring changes in regulatory requirements in order to adequately ha]

address them within the company. To adapt to these factors, we deploy in-house research and See also A 1.6
development capacities, make acquisitions and enter into collaborations, while aligning our

product portfolio to reflect anticipated changes. We also address these risks by engaging in

dialogue with the authorities with the goal of promoting science-based decision-making.

Business strategy (Medium: Crop Science, Pharmaceuticals, Group)

Our business strategy is geared toward innovation, which is inherently associated with risks. In
our Pharmaceuticals Division, we see challenges in setting up new therapy platforms, such as
for cell and gene therapy, and in further developing established therapeutic areas through
innovative solutions. In our Crop Science Division, the challenges we face include developing
new business models, such as tailored solutions based on digital applications, and successfully
establishing them on the market. In addition, we might encounter challenges in our endeavors
to implement our voluntary sustainability commitments in a timely manner, which may also be
due to external factors.

We counter these risks by aligning our organization and our processes to existing challenges. In
the Crop Science Division, for example, our digital farming activities are supplemented by
strategic partnerships with leading IT companies where necessary. In the Pharmaceuticals
Division, meanwhile, we are establishing a cell and gene therapy unit.

Research and development (High: Pharmaceuticals) AB

Across our businesses, we see opportunities both in the continued development of our brands See also A 1.2
and in the expansion of our research pipeline as a result of our innovation strength. In the

Pharmaceuticals Division, opportunities arise from digitalization and associated new research and

development methods that save time and increase development effectiveness. We also rely on

networking, both within the company and with external partners, to boost our innovation strength.

This stimulates the development of new products.

| 107


--- Page 82 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Technological advances in pharmaceutical product development may at the same time also
represent a risk for our company should we not be in a position to play a role in shaping such
advances. Identifying a sufficient number of research candidates and ensuring their appropriate
development represents a challenge. Targeting inlicensing and acquisitions as additional ways to
strengthen our company involves the risk that we may be unable to identify suitable candidates
on financially acceptable terms. Furthermore, we cannot ensure that all of the products we are
currently developing or will develop in the future will obtain their planned approval/registration or
achieve commercial success. These goals may not be reached if, for example, we are unable to
satisfy technical or capacity requirements or meet time constraints in product development, fail to
achieve study objectives or do not allocate financial resources optimally. Delays or cost overruns
may occur during product registration or launch. We counter this risk through holistic portfolio
management, by estimating the probability of success and prioritizing development projects.

Thanks to our innovation capacities and budgets within the Crop Science Division, we anticipate
that we will be able to effectively tackle the challenges faced in developing and introducing
product solutions in agriculture, including longer and more costly development cycles or stricter
regulatory requirements. We plan to further leverage the strengths of the combined R&D platform
to deliver pioneering technologies faster. In addition, we will leverage our existing expertise and
strategically invest in new capabilities to unlock and capture new market segments.

Supply of products (procurement, production, logistics)

(Medium: Crop Science, Pharmaceuticals)

Despite all precautions, operations at our sites may be disrupted by fires, power outages, process
changeovers — including those due to restrictions on the use of certain chemical substances — or
plant breakdowns, for example. In addition, some of our production facilities are located in areas
that may be affected by natural disasters such as flooding or earthquakes. These risks can lead to
production disruptions or stoppages, personal injury, damage to our reputation, and declines in
sales and/or margins, and may also necessitate the reconstruction of damaged infrastructure. If
we are unable to meet product demand, sales may undergo a structural decline because patients
then receive alternative treatments and may not switch back to our products. We address this risk
for certain products by building up safety stocks and by spreading production across multiple
sites, for example. Furthermore, an emergency response system based on a corresponding
corporate policy has been implemented at all our production sites.

Disruptions in our upstream supply chain may also negatively impact our own supply capability.
Certain materials, particularly in our Pharmaceuticals Division, are offered by only a small number
of suppliers. We counter these risks by establishing relationships with alternative suppliers,
concluding long-term agreements, expanding inventories or producing raw materials ourselves.
Supplier risks are regularly reviewed and evaluated.

Marketing, sales and distribution (Medium: Pharmaceuticals)

New product launches present particular challenges for our marketing and distribution
organization since assumptions about aspects such as the market and market circumstances
may not materialize as anticipated. As a result, product launch concepts — including those
related to clinical trials - and the planning or implementation of the distribution strategy could
turn out to be inefficient or inadequate in terms of scheduling. In addition, if competitors’
marketing activities or advertised product characteristics surpass our own efforts in this regard,
this may represent a risk for sales of our products. We address these risks by conducting a
forward-looking analysis of possible scenarios and devising suitable strategies for projects such
as planned product launches.

| 108


--- Page 83 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Human resources (Medium: Group)

Skilled and dedicated employees are essential for our company’s success. Difficulties in a
recruiting, hiring and retaining urgently needed specialized employees (on a regional level) -— also See also A 1.4
in view of competition between employers — and in employee development could have significant
adverse consequences for our company’s future development. It is also possible that

organizational changes that are not implemented appropriately or transparently may reduce

employee motivation or increase staff turnover. Based on our analysis of future requirements, we
counter these risks by designing appropriate employee recruitment and development measures.

In addition, the alignment of our corporate culture toward diversity and employee needs enables

us to tap the full potential of the employment market. Furthermore, deliberate and transparent

change management forms an integral part of our human resources management and supports

our efforts to constantly motivate our employees.

Information technology (High: Group)

Our business and production processes and our internal and external communications are
dependent on global IT systems. Ensuring the optimal alignment of our IT architecture, which
also encompasses the use of cloud-based services and management of any service providers
commissioned, therefore represents a challenge. As such, system reliability and the confidentiality
of internal and external data are of fundamental importance to us. If the risk of a breach of data
confidentiality, integrity or authenticity, for example due to (cyber) attacks, were to materialize,

it could lead to the manipulation and/or uncontrolled outflow of data and knowledge, and to
reputational damage. Such attacks may also be carried out by in-house personnel. Our business
and/or production processes could also be temporarily disrupted by (cyber) attacks. To counter
these risks, we evaluate and utilize new technologies. Projects and measures have also

been implemented to keep technical security precautions up to date and proactively identify and
examine new threats. In addition, security measures implemented by the Corporate Cyber
Defense Center protect our IT infrastructure against unauthorized access.

Finance and tax (Medium: Group)

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risks are defined as the possible inability of the Bayer Group to meet current or future
payment obligations. They are determined and managed by the Group Finance enabling function
as part of our same-day and medium-term liquidity planning. We hold sufficient liquidity to
ensure the fulfillment of all planned payment obligations throughout the Bayer Group at maturity.
Furthermore, a reserve is maintained for unbudgeted shortfalls in cash receipts or unexpected
disbursements and its balance is regularly reviewed and adjusted. Credit facilities also exist with
banks, including, in particular, an undrawn €4.5 billion syndicated revolving credit facility with a
current maturity of 2025.

Credit risks

Credit risks arise from the possibility that the value of receivables or other financial assets of the
Bayer Group may be impaired because counterparties cannot meet their payment or other
performance obligations. The maximum default risk is reduced by existing collateral, especially
our global credit insurance programs. To manage credit risks from trade receivables, the invoicing
companies appoint credit managers who regularly analyze customers’ creditworthiness. We
generally agree reservation of title with our customers. Credit limits are set for all customers.

In addition, all credit limits for debtors where total exposure is €10 million or more are evaluated
both locally and centrally. Credit risks from financial transactions are managed centrally in the
Group Finance enabling function. To minimize risks, financial transactions are only conducted
within predefined exposure limits and with banks and other partners that preferably have
investment-grade ratings.

| 109


--- Page 84 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 110
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Opportunities and risks resulting from market price changes

Opportunities and risks resulting from fluctuations in currency exchange rates, interest rates and A
commodity prices are managed by the Group Finance enabling function. Risks are avoided or See also A 3.2.1/2
mitigated through the use of derivative financial instruments. The type and level of currency, Risk Assessment Matrix

interest-rate and commodity price risks are determined using sensitivity analyses as per IFRS 7
that are based on hypothetical changes in risk variables (such as interest curves) to gauge the
potential effects of market price fluctuations on equity and earnings. Although they fall below the
external reporting threshold under our ERM system, we report on interest-rate and commodity
price risks in this section due to the provisions of IFRS 7.

Foreign currency opportunities and risks for our company arise from changes in exchange

rates and the related changes in the value of financial instruments (including receivables and
payables) and of anticipated payment receipts and disbursements not in the functional
currency. Increased volatilities within the year 2020, especially in emerging market currencies
(BRL, RUB and TRY), have temporarily increased our anticipated foreign exchange risk.
Receivables and payables in liquid currencies from operating activities and financial items are
generally fully exchange-hedged through cross-currency interest-rate swaps and forward
exchange contracts. Anticipated exposure from planned payment receipts and disbursements
in the future is hedged through forward exchange contracts and currency options according to
management guidelines. Sensitivities were determined on the basis of a hypothetical scenario in
which the euro appreciates or depreciates by 10% against all other currencies compared with
the year-end exchange rates. In this scenario, the estimated hypothetical increase or decrease
in cash flows from derivative and nonderivative financial instruments would have improved or
diminished earnings as of December 31, 2020, by €16 million (December 31, 2019: €29 million).
Derivatives used to hedge anticipated currency exposure that are designated for hedge
accounting would have improved or diminished equity (other comprehensive income) by

€319 million (December 31, 2019: €408 million). Currency effects on anticipated exposure are
not taken into account. Of the amount impacting equity, €82 million is related to the Chinese
renminbi (CNY), €61 million to the Brazilian real (BRL), €47 million to the Japanese yen (JPY)
and €33 million to the Canadian dollar (CAD).

Interest-rate opportunities and risks for our company arise from changes in capital market interest
rates, which in turn could lead to changes in the fair value of fixed-rate financial instruments and
changes in interest payments in the case of floating-rate instruments. Interest-rate swaps are
concluded to achieve the target structure for Bayer Group debt. A sensitivity analysis conducted
on the basis of our net floating-rate receivables and payables position at the end of 2020 gave the
following result: A hypothetical increase of one percentage point in these interest rates (assuming
constant currency exchange rates) as of January 1, 2020, would have raised our interest expense
for the year ended December 31, 2020, by €58 million (December 31, 2019: €62 million).

Commodity price opportunities and risks arise from the volatility of raw material prices, which can
lead to an increase in the prices we pay for seeds and energy. We reduce commodity price risks
by using commodity price derivatives such as futures, which are mainly designated as hedge
accounting. A sensitivity analysis with a 10% change in commodity prices indicated an effect of
€27 million on equity (December 31, 2019: €40 million).

Financial risks associated with pension obligations

The Bayer Group has obligations to current and former employees related to pensions and other
post-employment benefits. Changes in relevant measurement parameters such as interest rates,
mortality and salary increase rates may raise the present value of our pension obligations. This
may lead to increased costs for pension plans or diminish equity due to actuarial losses being
recognized in other comprehensive income in the statement of comprehensive income. A large
proportion of our pension and other post-employment benefit obligations is covered by plan
assets including fixed-income securities, shares, real estate and other investments. Declining or
even negative returns on these investments may adversely affect the future fair value of plan
assets. Both of these effects may negatively impact the development of equity and/or earnings
and/or may necessitate additional payments by our company. We address the risk of market-


--- Page 85 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 111
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

related fluctuations in the fair value of our plan assets through balanced strategic investment, and
we constantly monitor investment risks in regard to our global pension obligations.

Tax risks

Bayer AG and its subsidiaries operate worldwide and are thus subject to many different national
tax laws and regulations. The companies are regularly audited by the tax authorities in various
countries. Amendments to tax laws and regulations, legal judgments and their interpretation by
the tax authorities, and the findings of tax audits in these countries may result in higher tax
expense and payments, thus also influencing the level of tax receivables, tax liabilities and
deferred tax assets and liabilities. Significant acquisitions, divestments, restructuring programs
and other reorganizational measures that we undertake could also have an impact. We counter
the resulting risks by continuously identifying and evaluating the tax framework. We establish
provisions for taxes, based on estimates, for liabilities to the tax authorities of the respective
countries that are uncertain as to their amount and the probability of their occurrence. It cannot
be ruled out that these provisions are insufficient to cover all risks.

External partner compliance (Medium: Group)

From the perspective of the Bayer Group as a whole, there is a risk that our partners, such as B
suppliers, do not pay due attention to our corporate values and ethical, compliance and See also A 1.5
sustainability requirements. Clear sustainability criteria and standards are in place for our supply Procurement

chain on both a global and regional level. With the goal of improving sustainable practices in our
supply chain, we operate a Group-wide four-stage management process that comprises the
following elements: raising awareness, supplier selection, supplier evaluation and supplier
development. Seed producers are subject to a separate human rights evaluation process, for
which a new approach is being devised as we refine our human rights strategy.

Health, safety and environment (Medium: Group)

We attach great importance not only to product safety but also to protecting our employees
and the environment. Misconduct or noncompliance with legal requirements or Bayer Group
standards, including those safeguarding the rights to genetic resources, may result in personal
injury, damage to property, reputation or the environment, loss of production, business
interruptions and/or liability for compensation payments. This includes the risk of hazardous
substances being released due to an incident in production. Our principles, standards and
measures ensure that our requirements are adequately communicated and optimally
implemented.

Intellectual property (Medium: Crop Science, Pharmaceuticals)

Our portfolio largely consists of patent-protected products. Generic manufacturers, in particular, ia)
attempt to contest patents prior to their expiration. We are currently involved in legal proceedings See also Note [30] to
to enforce patent protection for our products. On the other hand, legal action by third parties B Consolidated Financial

for alleged infringement of patents or other property rights by Bayer may impede or even halt the Statements

development or manufacturing of certain products. We may also be required to pay monetary
damages or royalties to third parties. Our patents department regularly reviews the patent
situation in collaboration with the respective operating units and monitors for potential patent
infringements so that legal action can be taken if necessary.


--- Page 86 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 112
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Legal/ compliance (Group”)

We are exposed to risks from legal disputes or proceedings to which we are currently a party or ia)
which could arise in the future. The general risks to which we are potentially exposed include See also A 1.6, A 4.2
those in the areas of product liability, competition and antitrust law, anti-corruption law, patent and Note [30] to

B Consolidated Financial

law, tax law, data privacy and environmental protection. Investigations of possible legal or Stat
atements

regulatory violations may result in the imposition of civil or criminal penalties — including
substantial monetary fines — and/or other adverse financial consequences. Payments may also
need to be made under out-of-court settlements. These risks may harm our reputation and
hamper our commercial success. We have established a global compliance management system
to ensure the observance of laws and regulations.

Glyphosate matter

As of February 3, 2021, lawsuits from approximately 61,800 plaintiffs claiming to have been
exposed to glyphosate-based products manufactured by Bayer’s subsidiary Monsanto had been
served upon Monsanto in the United States. Glyphosate is the active ingredient contained in a
number of Monsanto’s herbicides, including Roundup™-branded products. Plaintiffs allege
personal injuries resulting from exposure to those products, including non-Hodgkin lymphoma
(NHL) and multiple myeloma, and seek compensatory and punitive damages. Plaintiffs claim, inter
alia, that the glyohosate-based herbicide products are defective and that Monsanto knew, or
should have known, of the risks allegedly associated with such products and failed to adequately
warn its users. Additional lawsuits are anticipated. The majority of plaintiffs have brought actions
in state courts in Missouri and California. Cases pending in U.S. federal courts have been
consolidated in an MDL in the Northern District of California for common pre-trial management.

In June 2020, Monsanto reached an agreement in principle with plaintiffs, without admission of
liability, to settle most of the current Roundup™ litigation, involving most of the total
approximately 125,000 then known filed and unfiled claims, and to put in place a mechanism to
resolve potential future claims. The total costs of the executed and additional inventory
settlements for all outstanding claims are currently expected to be up to US$9.6 billion. Monsanto
continues in its efforts to reach settlement in a substantial number of the outstanding claims in the
coming months. Monsanto may withdraw from the various settlement agreements if certain
eligibility and participation rates are not satisfied. Plaintiffs who opt out of a settlement have the
right to pursue their claims separately against the company.

As regards potential future litigation, the company intends to make an additional payment to
support a separate class agreement between Monsanto and plaintiffs’ counsel. In July 2020,
Judge Chhabria of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California issued a pre-trial
order raising concerns about certain aspects of the class settlement agreement and stating that
he was tentatively inclined to deny the motion. The parties subsequently withdrew their motion,
worked to comprehensively address the court’s questions, and on February 3, 2021 filed with
the court a revised class agreement and accompanying motion for preliminary approval of that
settlement. Bayer remains strongly committed to a resolution that simultaneously addresses the
current litigation on reasonable terms and provides a viable solution to manage and resolve
future litigation.

¥’ See also Note [29] to B Consolidated Financial Statements ("Legal Risks’). The legal proceedings outlined there are those currently
considered to involve material risks and do not represent an exhaustive list.


--- Page 87 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 113
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

The three cases that have so far gone to trial - Johnson, Hardeman and Pilliod - are continuing
through the appeals process and are not covered by the settlement. In July 2020, the Court

of Appeal of the State of California (First Appellate District) affirmed the judgment in favor of
Johnson but reduced the total judgment from US$78.5 million to approximately US$20.5 million.
The court reduced the total compensatory damages award from US$39.3 million to
approximately US$10.25 million and the punitive damages award to the same amount. The
parties have separately petitioned for appeal to the Supreme Court of California. In October
2020, the court denied the request to review the appeal. Both parties have the option to petition
for appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. Oral argument before the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeal in
the first federal case to go to trial (Hardeman) took place in October 2020. A decision by the
court is expected for mid-2021. Briefing is complete in the Pilliod case appeal, and no date for
oral argument has yet been scheduled. Bayer is convinced that the verdicts are not supported by
the evidence at trial and the law and therefore intends to pursue the appeals vigorously.

As of February 3, 2021, a total of 22 Canadian lawsuits relating to Roundup™ and 14 seeking
class action certification had been served upon Bayer.

Bayer believes it has meritorious defenses and intends to defend the safety of glyphosate and our
glyphosate-based formulations vigorously.

We may incur considerable financial disadvantages from the pending lawsuits and/or potential
future cases if, for example, we are ordered to pay compensatory and possibly punitive damages
or if we assume payment obligations under out-of-court settlements. We could be compelled to
cover any such increased financial requirements by issuing additional external debt, increasing our
equity capital or divesting assets — possibly on unfavorable terms — or through combinations of
these measures. The terms on which we obtain external financing could become less favorable as
a result of any increased financial requirements. These risks may also adversely affect our
reputation.

Product safety and stewardship (Medium: Crop Science, Pharmaceuticals)
Despite extensive studies prior to approval or registration, products may be partially or completely
withdrawn from the market due, for example, to the occurrence of unexpected side-effects or
negative effects of our products. Such a withdrawal may be voluntary or result from legal or
regulatory measures. In the agriculture business in particular, there is an additional risk that our
customers could use our products incorrectly. Furthermore, the presence of traces of unwanted
genetically modified organisms in agricultural products and/or foodstuffs may have wide-ranging
negative repercussions.

While these risks have diminished compared with the prior year, they could still give rise to liability
claims and also harm our reputation. We counter these risks through comprehensive measures in
the areas of pharmaceutical and crop protection product safety and testing, including, in
particular, a comprehensive stewardship program for genetic product integrity and quality with
regard to seeds. These measures are based on globally defined principles and include analysis
and monitoring measures, an alert system and training programs.

a

See also A 1.6
Product Stewardship


--- Page 88 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2020 A Combined Management Report 114
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report

Quality and regulatory requirements

(Medium: Crop Science, Pharmaceuticals, Group)

In almost every country we operate, our business activity is subject to extensive regulations, a
standards, requirements and inspections that also apply to our local contract manufacturers. In See also A 1.6
the area of health, this pertains to clinical studies and production processes, for example.

Acquisitions may at times also be subject to requirements, compliance with which must be

ensured both during and after the integration process. Potential infringements of regulatory
requirements may result in the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, including substantial

monetary fines, restrictions on our freedom to operate, and/or other adverse financial

consequences. They could also harm our reputation and lead to declining sales and/or margins.

We counter these risks through binding principles, standards and the control mechanisms in

place. Quality requirements are defined and implemented in global quality management systems.

Security (Medium: Group)

Potential criminal activities targeting our employees, property or business activities represent a B

risk for our company. These include intellectual property theft, vandalism and sabotage. In See also A1.7
addition, counterfeit or adulterated versions of our products could be put into circulation. There is Environmental Protection
also the risk of crises such as a pandemic or a prolonged power outage that could lead to a and Safety

breakdown of our information technology infrastructure and our production. We counter these
risks — which in addition to financial effects could negatively affect our reputation in some cases —
through our local crisis organizations, which produce response plans and take further measures.
We have implemented early warning systems, ensure continuous reporting and carry out regular
crisis simulation exercises. In addition, we have established a global safety community. The
Business Continuity Management unit within the Internal Audit & Risk Management enabling
function assesses business continuity risks and defines appropriate measures together with the
responsible specialist units.

3.2.3 Overall Assessment of Opportunities and Risks
by the Board of Management

In the opinion of the Board of Management, based on the current evaluations, none of the risks Norekethatcoa
described above endanger the company’s continued existence. Nor could we identify any risk endanger the company’s
interdependencies that could combine to endanger the company’s continued existence. existence

Compared with the previous year, we see a slight intensification of our risk status. We remain

convinced that we can take advantage of the opportunities resulting from our entrepreneurial

activity and successfully master the challenges resulting from the risks stated above.
