

--- Page 1 ---

Shareho!

orate Responsibility

Management Report

Further Information

Risk Rep Financial State:

89 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

Basis of the Commerzbank Group

Structure and organisation

Commerzbank is the leading bank for SMEs (the Mittelstand) and a
strong partner to some 30,000 corporate client groups and around
11 million private and small-business customers in Germany. The
Bank offers a comprehensive portfolio of financial services in two
business segments — Private and Small-Business Customers and
Corporate Clients.

Commerzbank focuses on German SMEs, large companies and
the Bank
supports customers who have business links with Germany and

institutional customers. In international business,
companies in selected future-oriented sectors. Following the
integration of comdirect, private and small-business customers
benefit from the services of one of Germany’s most modern online
banks combined with personal advisory services at a local level. The
Polish subsidiary mBank is an innovative digital bank. It serves
around 5.7 million private and small-business customers, mainly in
Poland but also in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.

The two segments Private and Small-Business Customers and
Corporate Clients are each managed by a member of the Board of
Managing Directors. All staff and management functions are
Group Management: Group Audit,

Group Compliance,
Human Resources, Group Investor Relations, Group Legal, Group
Research, Group Risk, Big Data & Advanced Analytics, Group
Strategy Transformation & Sustainability, Group Tax, Group

contained in Group

Communications, Group Finance, Group

Treasury and the central risk functions. The support functions are
provided by Group Services. These include Group Corporate
Clients &Treasury Platforms, Group Business Platform, Group
Digital Transformation, Group Banking & Market Operations, Group
Technology Foundations, Operations Credit,
Organisation & Security, Group Delivery Centre and Group Client
Data. The staff, management and support functions are combined
in the Others and Consolidation division for reporting purposes.
On the domestic market, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is
headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, from where it manages its
branch network serving all customer groups. Following the merger
with comdirect Bank AG, Commerz Real AG is now the biggest
domestic subsidiary. Outside of Germany, Commerzbank has 6
material subsidiaries, 20 operational foreign branches and 30
representative offices in just under 50 countries and is represented
in all major financial centres, such as London, New York, Tokyo and

Group Group

Singapore. However, the focus of the Bank’s international activities
is on Europe.

Commerzbank prepares Group financial statements which, in
addition to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as operating lead
company, incorporate all material subsidiaries over which the Bank
exercises control. The financial year is the calendar year.

Objectives and strategy

Commerzbank adopted its new “Strategy 2024” programme in
February 2021. The measures announced mark the start of an in-
depth restructuring process and the comprehensive digitalisation of
the Bank. The aim of the restructuring is to combine the benefits of
a fully digitalised bank with personal advisory services, an
unwavering customer focus and sustainability. The key elements
are described below.

Private and Small-Business Customers:
transferring the strengths of comdirect to the
entire segment

Commerzbank is to radically restructure its business with private
and small-business customers. The objective is to create an
attractive combination of highly efficient direct banking and first-
class advisory services by merging the digital and innovative
strengths of comdirect with Commerzbank’s advisory expertise.

Services will be geared to customers’ individual needs. The
digital services of a direct bank will in future be available to all 11
million private and small-business customers in Germany. Efficient
use of data will ensure that customers receive solutions tailored to
their specific requirements — at the right time and through the right
channel. The Bank will offer personal advice at branches and
through 24-hour advisory centres.

Commerzbank will reduce the number of branches from the
current number of 790 to 450 locations nationwide, where
customers will be able to seek advice on topics such as accounts,

cards and instalment loans and the use of the Bank’s digital services.

At 220 of these locations, affluent clients and small-business
customers requiring more in-depth advisory services will receive
comprehensive, personal advisory support and individual solutions
for all issues relating to wealth management and financing.
Commerzbank intends to significantly expand its business with
affluent clients and small-business customers in Private Banking
and Wealth Management.

89


--- Page 2 ---

90

Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

At the 24-hour advisory centres, personal banking advisors will
support customers’ digital, mobile and telephone banking service
requirements. Customers will also be able to obtain comprehensive
advice on topics such as securities investment and real estate
financing.

Corporate Clients: focus on customers with a
clear connection to Germany and future-
oriented sectors

Commerzbank is the leading bank for SMEs. During the coronavirus
crisis, it reaffirmed its role as a strong and reliable financing partner
for the German economy. Going forward, the Bank will continue to
serve German SMEs and large companies, along with international
customers who have business links with Germany. Commerzbank
will only serve other international corporate clients if they operate
in selected future-oriented sectors. The Bank will remain true to its

responsibilities as a strong financing and hedging partner for
German companies engaging in import and export business
throughout the world.

Commerzbank will adopt a more nuanced approach to advisory
services for corporate clients and align them more directly with
individual needs. Corporate clients will continue to receive personal
advisory support and will have access to a network of regional
branches. However, individual services for companies will focus on
customers who require sophisticated advisory support that can be
delivered on a profitable basis. At the same time, an innovative
direct banking offering will gradually be established for corporate
clients who require standard products and advisory services.
Profitability is to be significantly increased by digitalising processes,
optimising pricing and, in particular, making greater use of data-

driven services.

The product range is to be streamlined and further digitalised,
while investment banking activities will be geared even more
strongly to the requirements of corporate clients. This applies in
particular to the equity capital markets (ECM) business and support
for mergers and acquisitions (M&A). In future, these services will
only be offered to corporate clients of the Bank whose advisory
needs warrant it (e.g. in connection with business succession).
Cooperations are being examined for equity trading and sales and
for equity research.

Commerzbank will remain a strong partner for its customers
both in Germany and abroad. Its local presence will be structured
more efficiently, however, for instance by bundling back office
regional optimising the
correspondent bank portfolio. As a result, the Bank is planning to
exit 15 international locations and convert two branches into local

functions in service units and

representative offices. This means the Bank will have a presence in
nearly 40 countries going forward.

Cost savings

Following the restructuring, Commerzbank is targeting a return on
equity (RoTE) of around 7% for the 2024 financial year. Costs will
be reduced by €1.4bn or around 20% by 2024 compared with the
figures for 2020. Income, on the other hand, is expected to remain
largely stable, the exception being mBank, where further growth
should be seen. Commerzbank is anticipating total restructuring
expenses of €1.8bn, which will be financed entirely from its own
funds. The restructuring expenses are due to be fully recognised in
the balance sheet by the end of the current financial year. Provisions
of €0.8bn were already recognised in 2020 to cover a significant
portion of these restructuring expenses. A provision of €0.1bn had
already been recognised in 2019. Overall, Commerzbank is aiming
to eliminate around 10,000 full-time positions (FTEs) in gross terms
by 2024.

Despite the significant restructuring, the capital ratio (CET1) will
consistently be at least 200 to 250 basis points above the minimum
regulatory requirements (MDA). This will enable Commerzbank to
remain robust and resilient in the future while still managing its
capital efficiently.

mBank will continue to press ahead with its growth strategy as
part of the Group.

Full details of the “Strategy 2024” programme can be found on the
Commerzbank website at https://www.commerzbank.com.

Corporate managemen

Corporate management in the Commerzbank Group is based on a
value-oriented steering concept. This concept is focused on
ensuring that the risks entered into by the business units are in line
with the external and internal guidelines on risk-bearing capacity
and on striving to achieve an appropriate return over the long term
on the capital employed. In this respect, the Bank regularly
monitors the allocation of scarce resources to business units and
actively adapts its business strategy to changing market
circumstances in order to boost the enterprise value over the long
term.

The annual planning process is a key corporate management
tool. In this process, the Board of Managing Directors sets targets
for the business units based on the business strategy. Existing
resources such as capital and risk limits are allocated to the
segments in a way that reflects the targets and risk profiles. The
segments operationalise the targets based on the business strategy
and the results of the planning process. The Board of Managing
Directors carries out regular checks to ensure that business
planning is being followed. This ensures that any deviations are
identified at an early stage through monthly management reporting,
and corrective measures are taken.


--- Page 3 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

In order to manage the Group and its segments, the Bank uses
the standard controlling indicators described below, which cover all
the essential dimensions of Group management. Their development
is monitored as part of regular management reporting.

The management of the Bank takes account of both pillars of
capital adequacy requirements. To ensure internal risk-bearing
capacity at all times, planning includes allocating economic capital
to the segments according to type of risk. The average capital
employed in the segments is calculated based on the average
segmented risk-weighted assets. At Group level, Common Equity
Tier 1 (CET1) is shown. The reconciliation of average capital
employed in the segments to the Group’s CET1 capital is carried out
in Others and Consolidation. The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is a
key indicator for the Bank in capital management.

The key figures used for measuring success in the corporate
management process are operating profit/loss and group profit/loss
after tax and non-controlling interests, along with the cost/income
and return on equity ratios and the economic value added
calculated from these ratios. The cost/income ratio is used to assess
cost efficiency and is defined as the ratio of operating expenses
(excluding impairments of goodwill and restructuring expenses) to
income before the risk result. The cost/income ratio is calculated in
two variants: with and without the inclusion of compulsory
contributions in the item “expenses”. Segment return on equity is
calculated as the ratio of operating profit/loss or pre-tax profit/loss
to the average amount of regulatory capital employed. It shows the
return on the equity invested in a given business segment. As is
standard for value-based the target
minimum return on capital employed is derived from the expected
return on the capital market. Here the focus at Group level is on the
return on tangible equity.

Economic value added is the indicator used for determining the

management concepts,

performance of the Group. It is defined as the difference between
the Group’s return on equity and the capital cost rate, multiplied by
the Group’s equity. The Group’s return on equity is the ratio of the
consolidated profit after tax and non-controlling interests to the
average CET1 capital of the Group.

The calculation of the capital cost rate is based on the capital-
market-oriented Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM) and is subject
to an annual review.

As Group figures, the controlling data listed above form part of
a system of other segment-specific data that vary from segment to
segment depending on the business strategy.

Management Report

Risk Report Financial State: Further Information

Remuneration report

The remuneration report is part of the “Corporate responsibility”
section. It forms part of the Group Management Report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of
the German Commercial Code (HGB)

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code
(HGB) can be found in the section on corporate responsibility. They
form part of the Group Management Report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315a (1) of
the German Commercial Code

(AGB) and explanatory repor

Details pursuant to Art. 315a (1) of the German Commercial Code
(HGB) and explanatory report can be found in the section on
corporate responsibility. They form part of the Group Management
Report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315d of the
German Commercial Code (HGB)

Details pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with Art. 289f of the
German Commercial Code (HGB), “Declaration on corporate
governance”, the
responsibility. They form part of the Group Management Report.
The declaration on corporate governance can be found at

can be found in section on corporate

https://www.commerzbank.de/geschaeftsbericht2020.

Details pursuant to Art. 340i (5) in
conjunction with Art. 315b (3) of the

German Commercial Code (HGB)

Details pursuant to Art. 340i (5) in conjunction with Art. 315b (3) of
the German Commercial Code (HGB) can be found in the section on
corporate responsibility as a combined separate non-financial
report and online at www.commerzbank.com/NFR2020.

91


--- Page 4 ---

92

Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

Important staffing and business

policy events

A report on important staffing changes at management level and
special business policy events during the past financial year and at
the beginning of the current year is provided below.

The most important current business policy events include the
new “Strategy 2024” programme announced in February 2021.
Through the new strategy, the Bank plans to streamline and
digitalise its business model, significantly reduce costs in all areas
and substantially increase its profitability by 2024. Detailed
information can be found in “Objectives and strategy” on page 89 f.

There were changes in the composition of both the Board of
Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board during the year
under review. The Bank also made progress in streamlining the
Group structure and further reducing complexity. The optimisation
of the Bank’s capital structure was also on the agenda. Supported
by the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures, the
Bank will in future be guided by the former's framework to help
companies manage the impacts of climate-related risks and produce
the relevant disclosures. The Bank is using the proceeds from the
issue of another green bond to finance renewable energy projects.
The Bank also further strengthened its compliance function.

Changes in the Board of Managing Directors of
Commerzbank

On 3 July 2020, Martin Zielke, Chairman of the Board of Managing
Directors of Commerzbank, proposed to the Presiding and
Nomination Committee of the Supervisory Board that his
appointment to the Board of Managing Directors be terminated
prematurely by mutual agreement if, in the view of the Supervisory
Board, this was in the Bank’s interest. On the recommendation of
the Presiding and Nomination Committee, the Supervisory Board
resolved by mutual agreement at its meeting on 8 July 2020 to
terminate Martin Zielke’s appointment and employment contract as
Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors. He stepped down on
31 December 2020.

Michael Mandel, who was previously the member of the Board
of Managing Directors responsible for the Private and Small-
Business Customers segment, made an offer to the Supervisory
Board to terminate his contract by mutual agreement. At its meeting
on 17 September 2020, the Supervisory Board of Commerzbank
approved the departure of Michael Mandel by mutual agreement.
Michael Mandel’s term of office as a member of the Board of
Managing Directors therefore ended on 30 September 2020. Sabine
Schmittroth assumed responsibility for Private and Small-Business
Customers at Group management level as of 1 October 2020, in
addition to her role as Director of Human Resources. Dr. Marcus

Chromik, Chief Risk Officer, assumed responsibility for Compliance
as of the same date.

At its meeting on 26 September 2020, the Supervisory Board of
Commerzbank decided to appoint Dr. Manfred Knof as Chairman of
the Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank. He took up his
position with effect from 1 January 2021. Dr. Manfred Knof was
the Board
Firmenkundenbank AG from 1 August 2019 until its merger with
Deutsche Bank Group and then Head of Deutsche Bank’s Private
Bank Germany.

Roland Boekhout, the member of the Board of Managing Directors
responsible for the Corporate Clients segment, made an offer to the
Supervisory Board at the end of November 2020 to terminate his
contract by mutual agreement. At its meeting on 27 November 2020,
the Supervisory Board of Commerzbank approved the departure of
Roland Boekhout by mutual agreement. Roland Boekhout’s term of
office therefore ended on 31 December 2020.

Chairman of of Deutsche Bank Privat- und

At the same meeting, the Supervisory Board decided to appoint
Michael Kotzbauer, most recently the Divisional Board member in
charge of the Mittelstandsbank in the Central/East region, as the
new member of the Board of Managing Directors responsible for
the Corporate Clients segment effective 1 January 2021. Michael
Kotzbauer had been the Divisional Board member in charge of the
Mittelstandsbank in the Central/East region since 2017. Prior to that,
he was the Divisional Board member responsible for large and
capital-market-oriented companies
Germany until 2015. From 2010 to 2013 he was the Regional Board
member responsible for the Bank’s corporate banking business in
Asia, based in Shanghai.

in southern and eastern

Changes in the Supervisory Board of
Commerzbank

Anja Mikus and Dr. Markus Kerber both resigned as members of
the Supervisory Board with effect from the date of the Annual
General Meeting on 13 May 2020. As proposed by the Supervisory
Board, the Annual General Meeting elected Dr. Jutta A. Dénges
(Managing Director of the Bundesrepublik Deutschland —
Finanzagentur GmbH) and Dr. Frank Czichowski (former Senior
Vice President/Treasurer of KfW Group) to the Supervisory Board of
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft on 13 May 2020.

On 3July 2020, Dr. Stefan Schmittmann announced his
resignation as Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Commerzbank
with effect from 3 August 2020. At its meeting on 3 August 2020,
the Supervisory Board of Commerzbank elected Hans-Jorg Vetter as
the future Chairman of the Supervisory Board. This election became
effective upon his appointment by a court on 4 August 2020.

Nicholas Teller resigned as a member of the Supervisory Board
of Commerzbank with effect from 31 December 2020. Effective
1 January 2021, the District Court of Frankfurt appointed Andreas


--- Page 5 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Rep

Financial Statements Further Information

89 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

Schmitz, former Chairman of the Supervisory Board of HSBC
Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG and former President of the Association
of German Banks, as a member of the Supervisory Board until the
end of the Annual General Meeting which decides on the discharge
of liability for the 2020 financial year.

For full details of the Supervisory Board and the composition of
the individual committees, please refer to the Commerzbank
website at http://www.commerzbank.de/er/hauptnavigation/konzern/
management_1/aufsichtsrat/index.html.

Commerzbank completes takeover of
comdirect bank AG

On 5 May 2020, the Annual General Meeting of comdirect bank AG
approved the squeeze-out under merger law in return for payment
of an appropriate cash settlement. The merger was entered in the
Commercial Register on 2 November 2020, formally ending
comdirect’s independent status and stock market listing. Post-
merger, Commerzbank and comdirect will initially retain their
respective service offerings unchanged. The aim is to merge and
expand the offerings of both banks. The new joint business model
has yet to be negotiated with the employee representative
committees. Quickborn and Rostock will remain as locations. The
employment relationships of all comdirect employees as at the time
of the merger were transferred to Commerzbank.

Economic completion of the sale of the Equity
Markets & Commodities division

At the beginning of May 2020, Commerzbank achieved the

economic completion of the sale of _ its
Markets & Commodities (EMC) division to Société Générale. In
addition to trading books, customer business and employees,
Commerzbank had been gradually transferring parts of its IT
landscape to the French bank since the beginning of 2019. Legally,
a few portfolios still remain temporarily with Commerzbank; these
have already been economically transferred using derivatives. The
economic completion of the sale enabled the Bank to reduce its
complexity and free up capital for Commerzbank’s core business
areas. Nothing has changed in the offer for customers. Existing
Commerzbank products have been transferred to Société Générale.

Société Générale is now the issuer of all certificates and warrants

Equity

previously offered by Commerzbank. The securities can be traded
as normal.

rmance

opportunities report

Commerzbank successfully issues two
Additional Tier 1 bonds

At the end of May 2020, the Bank launched an issuance programme
that will enable it to issue successive subordinated debt securities
with a total nominal value of up to €3bn over the next few years.
Under _ this
gesellschaft successfully issued an Additional Tier 1 bond (AT1

issuance programme, Commerzbank Aktien-
bond) at the beginning of June 2020. The bond has a volume of
€1.25bn and a fixed coupon of 6.125% per annum. At €9.5bn, the
order book was heavily oversubscribed. The AT1 bond has a
perpetual maturity and the first call date is in the period from
October 2025 to April 2026. Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
successfully issued another AT1 bond at the beginning of
September 2020. The bond has a volume of €500m and a fixed
coupon of 6.5% per annum. At more than €2.4bn, the order book
was heavily oversubscribed. This AT1 bond also has a perpetual
maturity and the first call date is in the period from October 2029
to April 2030. The bond terms for both issues provide for a
temporary write-down in the event that the Bank’s Common Equity
Tier 1 ratio (CET1 ratio) drops below 5.125%. For both issues,
shareholders’ subscription rights were excluded.

With the issue of the AT1 bonds, Commerzbank is strengthening
and optimising its capital structure and taking advantage of the
most recent regulatory changes, which now allow Additional Tier 1
capital to be used to a greater extent to meet capital requirements.

Reduced regulatory capital requirements for
Commerzbank

At the end of November 2020, the German Federal Financial
Authority — (BaFin)
Aktiengesellschaft’s capital buffer for other systemically important

Supervisory reduced = Commerzbank
institutions (O-SIIs) from 1.5% to 1.25% as part of its annual review
and following changes in methodology.

The European Central Bank (ECB) has left the bank-specific
capital requirements for 2020 defined for the Commerzbank Group
as part of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP)
unchanged for 2021. The additional Pillar 2 capital requirement
(P2R) of 2% is backed by Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital,
Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1) and Tier 2 capital.

With a CET1 ratio of 13.2% as at 31 December 2020, the gap to
the MDA (Maximum Distributable Amount) threshold — taking the
reduction in the O-SII capital buffer into account - is very
comfortable at around 370 basis points.

93


--- Page 6 ---

94

Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

Commerzbank makes climate risks in its
portfolio transparent and comparable

Since the beginning of September 2020, Commerzbank has been an
official supporter of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD). The TCFD recommendations form the basis for
consistent and comparable reporting on the impact of climate
change. They provide a framework to help companies manage the
impacts of climate-related risks and produce
disclosures. Commerzbank plans to publish its first TCFD report in
2022, covering the 2021 financial year.

the relevant

Commerzbank issues a second green bond

In mid-September 2020, Commerzbank issued another green bond
with an issuance volume of €500m. This is the Bank’s second green
inaugural 2018.
Commerzbank will use the proceeds to finance renewable energy
projects. The bond has a term of 5.5 years with a call date in March
2025 and a coupon of 0.75% per annum. Commerzbank has
earmarked the bond proceeds for loans for onshore and offshore

bond and follows the issue in October

wind and for solar projects in Germany, other European countries
and North America. The projects financed by the green bond will
help cut COz emissions by around 850,000 tonnes per year.
Commerzbank has been a signatory of the Green Bond Principles
since 2014. The Bank has been a partner in the Climate Bonds
Initiative since January 2020.

Further strengthening of the compliance
function

The Bank continued its activities in 2020 to further strengthen the
compliance function. As before, this pertains not only to structural
changes. We also diligently pushed ahead with staff training and the
successful recruitment of qualified compliance experts to work at
head office and in foreign locations. Eight graduates were hired for
the international compliance trainee programme in 2020. The

trainees from the 2019 programme were hired as specialists in 2020.

As part of the consistent and sustainable further development of
the relationship management model,
Compliance department was established midway through the year
under review to harmonise management of the Bank’s European

the new International

and Asian locations. The aim is to provide even greater assurance
that global compliance standards are implemented while also
meeting local regulatory requirements by combining or
consolidating global compliance activities.

The compliance function implemented various
relating to global financial crime, global markets compliance and
anti-bribery and corruption in order to further improve the
management of compliance risks. Steps were also taken to further
strengthen compliance structures in Germany and abroad. To this
end, the Bank rigorously pressed ahead with the further
development of the global compliance system landscape in line with
the latest market standards. For example, a global upgrade of the
systems and models for monitoring transactions with regard to
money laundering and terrorist financing was completed in 2020,

ensuring compliance with global standards on the basis of a uniform

measures

set of rules while also taking local circumstances into account in
parametrisation. A uniform due diligence business partner was also
established in 2020 and the corresponding IT system rolled out
globally. In 2020, Global Markets Compliance continued the Global
Surveillance Implementation Programme (GSIP) launched in 2018.
The programme is aimed at expanding global surveillance of trade
and communications. In addition to the implementation of the
Behavox communications surveillance system in several locations
such as New York, London, Singapore and Tokyo, the “Foreign
Exchange” asset class was made available for the SCILA trade
surveillance system.

At the same time, Commerzbank continued its drive to further
develop existing governance structures and further expanded the
global compliance processes in the business units. This includes
integrating existing elements of the compliance framework into a
compliance sub-risk strategy in the form of a fundamental strategy
document that above all defines the strategic fields of action. The
governance processes for managing and monitoring compliance
controls at international level were also further strengthened.

A significantly expanded sanctions compliance function has
been established subsequent to
Agreement (DPA) with various US authorities. It addresses the rapid
response to existing sanctions and the approach to future sanctions
in close cooperation with the risk function.

For more information on compliance risks and on integrity and
compliance at Commerzbank, please see page 156 ff. of the Group
Risk Report and page 81 ff. of the combined separate non-financial
report.

the Deferred Prosecution


--- Page 7 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

89 Basis of the Cc
95 Economic report

104 Si
10)

ent pei

Economic report

Economic conditions

Economic environment

The coronavirus pandemic has plunged the global economy into its
deepest recession since the end of World War II. China was the first
country to shut down large parts of its economy at the start of 2020
and impose massive restrictions on social life. These measures
enabled it to contain the spread of the virus comparatively quickly,
allowing the Chinese economy to make up for the slump at the
beginning of the year as early as the second quarter of 2020.

In the USA, where the virus outbreak did not begin to accelerate
until March, the economy hit its low point in the second quarter.
The US economy then recovered markedly in the second half of the
year despite further sharp rises in new coronavirus infections.
Demand from private households was higher in particular, boosted
by a very extensive government aid package. The government
approved four aid programmes worth a total of USD 3,400bn. The
US Federal Reserve also agreed measures designed to absorb the
impact of the economic slump. It lowered the key interest rate
corridor in March, taking it down in two steps by a total of 150 basis
points to 0.00-0.25%, and provided USD 2,300bn of liquidity to
ease the situation on the markets. The Federal Reserve also initiated
another large-scale securities purchase programme.

In the eurozone, in March large parts of the retail sector were
forced to close, cultural events were banned and tourism was
effectively brought to a standstill. With many industrial companies
also shutting down their operations, macroeconomic performance
nosedived by more than 11% in the second quarter, having already
contracted by nearly 4% in the first quarter. As in the USA, the
economy recovered markedly
restrictions were eased in the summer. However, tighter restrictions
were then reintroduced in the autumn in response to a renewed

eurozone after coronavirus

sharp rise in new coronavirus infections. Macroeconomic output
contracted by 0.7% in the final quarter of 2020 compared with the
previous quarter.

Here too, enormous aid packages were put together to prop up
the eurozone economy. The national aid programmes alone add up
to several hundred billion euros. The European Union is also
making a total of €750bn available to its member states for recovery
purposes. The European Central Bank (ECB) responded to the
pandemic with an emergency purchase programme, which it has
since expanded several times and recently topped up to €1,850bn.
The ECB also provided banks with additional liquidity under
TLTRO III (targeted longer-term refinancing operations).

Management Report

ommerzbank G

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

formance
opportunities report

For a long time, Germany succeeded in preventing a rapid
spread of the coronavirus. However, from October onwards, the
number of new infections rose sharply here too, prompting
politicians to impose a second lockdown in mid-December. This
meant that economic growth largely ground to a halt again in the
final quarter of 2020. The economy is also set to contract
significantly again in the first quarter of 2021, although the decline
is unlikely to be anywhere near as severe as in spring 2020. This is
backed up by the continued recovery in industry, which is
benefiting greatly from the improvement in global demand. Sectors
such as hotels and catering, event management and tourism have
been hit hard once again. Thanks to the extensive government aid
package, particularly for short-time work, there has so far been only
a slight rise in unemployment as a result of the crisis. At its peak in
the summer, the unemployment rate reached 6.4%, just
1.4 percentage points higher than at the end of 2019. It has since
fallen back to below 6%. By contrast, it is estimated that more than
two million employees were still on short-time working hours at the
start of the year.

The expansive monetary and fiscal policy provided reassurance
on the financial markets, with the yield on ten-year German Bunds
remaining in clearly negative territory at the end of 2020 at-0.5%.
Share prices even rose sharply, with indices such as the DAX, Dow

Jones and Nasdaq in many cases briefly reaching new all-time highs.

The euro gained significantly against the US dollar over the course
of 2020.

Sector environment

The difficult economic situation brought about primarily by the
coronavirus pandemic meant 2020 was a particularly challenging
year for the banking sector, with serious consequences for business
performance. While comprehensive government aid programmes
cushioned the economic impact during the year under review, the
negative economic consequences of the pandemic have not yet
been overcome. As such, 2020 earnings performance includes some
considerable losses on lending business.

The major central banks eased their monetary policy during the
reporting period as a means of stimulating the economy. The US
Federal Reserve, for example, cut its key interest rate to almost zero
and announced unlimited purchases of US government bonds and
mortgage-backed securities if need be. Similarly, the ECB massively
expanded its pandemic emergency purchase programme (PEPP)
and also extended its duration. This support was in addition to its
existing bond purchase programmes.

95


--- Page 8 ---

96

Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

The EU’s Recovery and Resilience Facility, funds from which the
European Commission says will be available from mid-2021
onwards to support post-pandemic reconstruction, also points to a
change of tack in European financial policy. Against this backdrop,
a low interest rate environment has become structurally embedded
and will remain in place during the current year and probably well
beyond. This means that, based on the net interest margins
achievable in the market, interest margins in the banking sector will
be barely profitable over the long term. The US dollar is also now
noticeably weaker against the euro than it was a year ago due to the
loss of the US interest rate advantage. This is affecting Germany's
important export business and thus reducing industry's foreign
trade financing needs, which in turn has a direct negative impact
on domestic banking business.

While Germany’s real estate and construction sectors have so far
come through the crisis unscathed, the services sector and, to some
degree, industry have suffered as a result of the economic
restrictions imposed. Business with corporate clients and small-
business customers therefore came under noticeable pressure
throughout Europe in 2020. According to the European Banking
Authority (EBA), the average return on equity of European banks
fell to just above zero as at the middle of the year as a result.

Retail banking business fared better than business with
corporate clients and small-business customers, benefiting from a
labour market that has remained astonishingly robust thus far
thanks to support measures such as the short-time working
allowance. A record number of new securities accounts were also
opened last year, with direct banks in particular benefiting from this
trend. The sharp rise in securities volatility significantly increased
trading volumes. The DAX recovered its spring losses within a few
months and by the end of 2020 was actually trading almost 4%
higher than at the end of 2019 - close to its all-time high. Bond
business also recorded its highest issuance volume for many years
companies’ large-scale capital and
requirements. There was also a noticeable improvement in equity
issuance business, making investment banking a key revenue
generator in 2020. Most German banks were unable to benefit from
this, however, as many had significantly scaled back their
operations in this business area.

Business performance was more favourable for banks in another
area — real estate financing — with Germany experiencing its third
real estate boom since the 1970s. Residential property prices have
been rising since 2010 at rates that are well above comparable
parameters such as consumer prices, rents and disposable income
of private households.

due to restructuring

The German banking sector was able to expand its lending
business once again due to the increasing flight into tangible assets,
meaning that the volume of housing loans again increased
considerably faster than that of consumer instalment loans in 2020.

In Poland, macroeconomic performance fell far less sharply
overall than in either the eurozone or Germany. Although the
country’s economy has thus weathered the coronavirus pandemic
relatively well so far, there is still considerable uncertainty due
chiefly to the smouldering conflict with the EU over policy issues.
On top of this, interest rates in Poland are now also close to zero
and thus at an all-time low. With the exception of mortgage loans,
demand for credit fell over the last few months, while deposit
business recorded high inflows of liquidity. This put considerable
pressure on interest margins in the Polish banking sector, although
this was offset by higher commission income and thus limited the
overall pressure on bank results over the course of 2020.

Financial performance, assets,
liabilities and financial position

The coronavirus pandemic had a major impact on the German
economy and the global economy as a whole in the 2020 financial
year and has therefore also affected Commerzbank’s Group
financial statements. The effects of the pandemic on the different
divisions of the Commerzbank Group were reviewed in various
working groups and projects, and appropriate measures were
decided upon. Explanations of these effects and of amendments to
the accounting and measurement methods can be found in Notes 2
and 4 to the Group financial statements.

The Commerzbank Group recorded an operating loss of €-233m
for the year under review, significantly lower than the prior-year
figure. The consolidated
shareholders for the period under review was €-2,870m.

Total assets of the Commerzbank Group as at 31 December 2020
were €506.9bn, compared with €463.5bn at the end of 2019. The
significant growth of 9.4% was due in particular to the Bank’s
participation in the targeted longer-term refinancing operations III
programme (TLTRO III) of the European Central Bank (ECB).

The decline in risk-weighted assets (RWA) to €178.6bn was
mainly due to the change in credit risk, which was chiefly
attributable to declines relating to two new securitisations and to
lower volumes as a result of active RWA management and reduced
drawdowns of credit lines. There was also a slight decline in risk-
weighted assets from operational risks. By contrast, risk-weighted
assets from market price risks increased.

loss attributable to Commerzbank


--- Page 9 ---

95 Economic report

104 Segment f

107 Outlook and oppo

was €23.6bn and
corresponding Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 13.2%.

Common Equity Tier the

1. capital

Income statement of the Commerzbank Group

The individual items in the income statement were as follows in
2020:

At €4,975m, net interest income in the period under review was
1.9% below the prior-year level. Net interest income in the Private
and Small-Business Customers segment was below the prior-year
level. Interest-bearing business in Germany recorded a significant
decline in interest income from deposit business that was only
partially offset by higher interest income from continued volume
growth in lending business, particularly in residential mortgage
financing. It was a similar picture at mBank following several
‘ate cuts by the Polish central bank in the first half of 2020.
The pressure on margins in deposit business was offset by higher
income from lending business. The Corporate Clients segment also

interes

recorded a year-on-year decline in net interest income, with the
impact of the low interest rate environment and intense price

competition resulting in lower income. This was particularly true for

Management Report

mi

formar

nancial Statements Further Information

lending business, which was hit by falling margins. Others and
Consolidation recorded a significant increase in net interest income,
due mainly to improved interest rate risk management for the
commercial segments.

ion income rose by 8.6% year on year to €3,317m.
In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment, a marked

Net commis

increase in net commission income was the main income driver in
the reporting period. In Germany, this income figure benefited from
the strong revival of the domestic securities business, with online
banking in particular seeing record transaction volumes. Net
commission income at mBank also increased significantly due to a
marked rise in income from securities business. In the Corporate
Clients segment, net commis

ion income was also up compared
with the prior-year period.

The net income from financial assets and liabilities measured at
fair value through profit or loss was €66m in the period under
review, after €244m in the prior-year period. The decline was

mainly attributable to valuation fluctuations in connection with the

corona

‘us pandemic that were only partially offset by positive
remeasurement effects, especially in relation to CommerzVentures
investments.

Statement of comprehensive income | €m 20200 20191 Change
Net interest income 4,975 5,070 -95
Dividend income 37 35 2
Risk result -1,748 -620 -1,129
Net commission income 3,317 3,056 261
Gain or loss from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
through profit and loss and net income from hedge accounting 273 348 -75
Other profit or loss from financial instruments, income from at-equity
investments and other net income -416 130 —546
Operating expenses 6,160 6,313 =153
Compulsory contributions 512 453 59
Operating profit/loss -233 1,253 =1,486
impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets 1,578 28 7,551
Restructuring expenses 814 101 713
Pre-tax profit or loss from continuing operations =2,626 1,124 =3,751
Taxes on income 264 421 -157
Consolidated profit or loss from discontinued operations 30 -18 48
Consolidated profit/loss -2,861 685 -3,545

Consolidated profit or loss attributable to Commerzbank

shareholders and investors in additional equity components -2,870 585 -3,455

1 Figures adjusted due to restatements (see Group financial statements, Note 4).

The other net income figure of €-357m includes allocations of
€229m to provisions for legal risks in connection with mortgage
loans issued in foreign currencies at mBank and a penalty payment
of €41m to the UK financial conduct regulator in the second quarter
of 2020.

The corresponding prior-year figure of €93m included the gain
on the sale of the interest in ebase.

97


--- Page 10 ---

98

Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

The risk result was €-1,748m in the reporting period, compared
with €-620m a year earlier. The significant increase was mainly
attributable to the effects of the coronavirus pandemic. The risk
result includes a top-level adjustment (TLA) of €-505m that
anticipates the potential impact of the coronavirus pandemic,
including the second lockdown, based on information as at the turn
of the year. Further information on the TLA can be found in the Risk
Report on page 138 ff. and in Note 36 of the notes to the financial
statements. The risk result in the Private and Small-Business
Customers segment was significantly higher than in the previous
year. The increase was largely due to effects from the coronavirus
pandemic. The TLA charge for the period under review amounted
to €-129m. In the Corporate Clients segment, the increase in the
risk result compared with the previous year was also due to impacts
of the coronavirus pandemic, larger
counterparties where the crisis was the main reason for default or
made it necessary to increase existing risk provisions. The risk

such as individual

result was also affected by the default of a large exposure in the
second quarter of 2020. The TLA charge for the period under review
amounted to €-373m.

Thanks to continued systematic cost management, operating
expenses for the reporting period were 2.4% lower year on year at
€6,160m. Personnel expenses were 1.2% below the prior-year level
at €3,500m, in part due to further progress in headcount reduction,
while administrative expenses, including depreciation on fixed
assets and amortisation of other intangible assets, were reduced by
4.0% to €2,660m. The significant decline was primarily due to a
reduction in advertising costs and lower expenses for business
travel, external staff and depreciation.

Compulsory contributions, which include the European banking
levy, contributions to the Deposit Protection Fund and the Polish
bank tax, were reported separately and were significantly above the
previous year’s level at €512m. The rise was mainly attributable to
a higher target volume for the European banking levy and an
increase in covered deposits.

Due to deteriorating market parameters, including the level of
interest rates in the eurozone and in Poland, impairments of
€1,578m were recognised on goodwill and other intangible assets
in the Private and Small-Business Customers segment in the period
under review.

Restructuring expenses of €814m during the reporting period
also affected earnings performance. These mainly related to the
recognition of restructuring provisions. The Board of Managing
Directors decided to bring forward the implementation of two
voluntary programmes as part of the socially responsible headcount
reduction and concluded corresponding works agreements with the
Central Works Council in the third quarter of 2020. Furthermore, in
December 2020 the Board of Managing Directors passed a
resolution to implement a restructuring plan with reference to the
strategy adopted in the 2019 financial year for a headcount
reduction of 2,900 full-time positions and also concluded a
corresponding works agreement with the Group Works Council.

The pre-tax loss from continuing operations was €-2,626m,
compared with a pre-tax profit of €1,124m in the prior-year period.

Tax expense on continuing operations for the period under
review was €264m, compared with €421m in the previous year.
Group tax expense mainly comprised taxes on taxable income in
foreign units and tax expenses relating to other periods.

The loss from continuing operations after tax was €-2,890m,
compared with a profit of €703m in the prior-year period.
Discontinued operations posted a profit after tax of €30m. This
includes the income and expenses of the Equity Markets &
Commodities (EMC) division sold to Société Générale.

Net of non-controlling interests, a consolidated loss of €-2,870m.
was attributable to Commerzbank shareholders and investors in
additional equity components for the 2020 financial year, compared
with a consolidated profit of €585m in the previous year.

Despite Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft also
significantly negative results for the 2020 financial year in
accordance with the German Commercial Code (HGB), the plan is
to service all capital instruments issued by Commerzbank
Aktiengesellschaft for the 2020 financial year. We will not be

reporting

proposing a dividend distribution at the Annual General Meeting.

Total comprehensive income, which includes both consolidated
profit/loss and other comprehensive income for the period, showed
a net total of €-3,235m in 2020.

Other comprehensive income of €-375m consists of the sum of
changes in the revaluation reserve (FVOCImR) (€94m), the cash
flow hedge reserve (€67m) and the currency translation reserve
(€-522m), changes in companies accounted for using the equity
method (€1m), changes from the remeasurement of defined benefit
plans not recognised in the income statement (€29m), changes in
the measurement of equity instruments (FVOCIoR) (€-4m) and in
own credit spreads of liabilities FVO not recognised in the income
statement (€-42m), and the change in remeasurement effects from
net investment hedges (€3m). Further information on other
comprehensive income can be found on page 168 of the Group
financial statements.


--- Page 11 ---

Management Report

89 Basis of the Comm:
95 Economic report
104 Segment performar
10:

Operating profit per share was €-0.19 and earnings per share
€-2.33. The comparable figures in the prior-year period were €1.00
and €0.47 respectively.

Balance sheet of the Commerzbank Group

Total assets of the Commerzbank Group as at 31 December 2020
were €506.9bn, up 9.4% compared with year-end 2019.

Cash on hand and cash on demand rose by €34.4bn to €75.6bn.
The strong increase compared with the end of 2019 was due in
particular to a rise in demand deposits held with central banks
related to the use of the targeted longer-term refinancing
operations III programme (TLTRO III) offered to banks by the ECB.

Financial assets at amortised cost fell slightly by €1.3bn to
€292.4bn compared with the end of 2019. While there was growth
in lending to private customers, particularly in retail mortgage
financing, there were corresponding declines in business with

domestic corporate clients and international customers.

t F

nancial Statements Further Information

Financial assets in the fair value OCI category were €42.9bn, up
€11.9bn from the end of 2019. This 38.5% rise resulted from an
increase in debt securitised.

At €28.7bn, financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value
through profit or loss were €1.5bn lower than at the end of the
previous year. The decline was mainly caused by a fall in the volume
of secured money market transactions in the form of reverse repos
and cash collateral.

Financial assets held for trading were €52.2bn at the reporting
date, up €7.3bn on the figure at the end of 2019, due largely to
higher positive fair values of derivative financial instruments. While
positive fair values of interest-rate-related and currency-related
products rose significantly by a total of €5.8bn, debt securitised
increased by €0.3bn.

Non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups were
€2.0bn, compared with €8.0bn at the end of 2019. The decline
resulted from portfolio transfers in connection with the sale of the
EMC business to Société Générale.

Assets | €m Pe 31.12.2019 Change

in %
Financial assets — Amortised cost 292,420 293,676 -0.4
Financial assets — Fair value OCI 42,862 30,942 38.5
Financial assets — Mandatorily fair value P&L 28,677 30,196 -5.0
Financial assets — Held for trading 52,176 44,840 16.4
Other assets 90,781 63,796 42.3
Total 506,916 463,450 9.4
Liabilities and equity | €m Pe 31.12.2019 Change

in %
Financial liabilities - Amortised cost 397,725 351,909 13.0
Financial liabilities — Fair value option 20,104 19,964 0.7
Financial liabilities — Held for trading 42,843 39,366 8.8
Other liabilities 17,644 21,711 -18.7
Equity 28,600 30,500 -6.2
Total 506,916 463,450 9.4

* Figures adjusted due to restatements (see Group financial statements, Note 4).

On the liabili es at amortised cost were up
€45.8bn to €397.7bn compared with the end of 2019. The growth
compared with the end of 2019 was driven b

's side, financial liab:

significant increase

in money market transactions with central banks, which was
attributable in particular to the Bank’s participation in the targeted
longer-term refinancing operations III programme (TLTRO III) of
the European Central Bank (ECB) and high cash inflows from
private customers and corporate clients.

Financial liabilities under the fair value option were at almost the
same level as at year-end 2019 at €20.1bn. Debt securities issued
increased by €1.3bn, while deposits and other financial liabilities
decreased by €1.2bn. The decrease was mainly attributable to the
seasonal decline in secured money market transactions with central
banks.

99


--- Page 12 ---

100 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

Financial liabilities held for trading were €42.8bn, up €3.5bn
compared with the end of 2019. The increase was due to the
negative fair values of derivative financial instruments, especially
interest-rate-related derivative transactions, which rose by €3.3bn.

Liabilities from disposal groups were €2.1bn, compared with
€8.5bn at the end of 2019. The decline resulted from portfolio
transfers in connection with the sale of the EMC business to Société

Générale.

Equity

The equity capital attributable to Commerzbank shareholders
reported in the balance sheet on 31 December 2020 was €24.9bn,
down 12.2% compared with year-end 2019. Further information on
the change in equity can be found on page 171 ff. of the Group
financial statements.

Risk-weighted assets were €178.6bn as at 31 December 2020,
€3.2bn lower than at year-end 2019. The decline was mainly due to
the change in credit risk, which was chiefly attributable to declines
relating to the two new CoCo II-3 and CoCo III-4 securitisations and
to lower volumes as a result of active RWA management and
reduced draw-downs of credit lines. This was offset to some extent
by parameter effects caused in part by the impact of the coronavirus
pandemic. There was also a slight decline in risk-weighted assets
from operational risks. By contrast, risk-weighted assets from
market price risks increased.

As at the reporting date, Common Equity Tier 1 capital was
€23.6bn, compared with €24.4bn as at 31 December 2019. The
decrease of €0.8bn was due to the loss recorded for the financial
year and in particular to the change in the currency translation
reserve. Offsetting effects resulted from the decrease in regulatory
capital deductions, which was mainly attributable to the goodwill
write-down and the change in the calculation method for software
deduction. The goodwill write-down therefore had no impact on the
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 13.2%. The Tier 1 ratio (with
transitional provisions) was 15.0% as at the reporting date,
compared with 14.3% as at the end of 2019. The higher Tier 1 ratio
was due to the rise in additional Tier 1 capital resulting from the
issue of two AT1 capital instruments. The increase in Tier 1 capital
and the issue of a Tier 2 capital instrument led to an increase in the

Bank’s total capital to €31.6bn. The total capital ratio was 17.7% as
at the reporting date, compared with 16.8% as at the end of 2019.

The leverage ratio based on the CRD IV/CRR rules applicable on
the reporting date, which is equal to Tier 1 capital divided by
leverage exposure, was 4.9%, both with transitional provisions and
fully loaded.

The Bank complies with all regulatory requirements. This
information includes the consolidated profit attributable to
Commerzbank shareholders and eligible for regulatory purposes.

Funding and liquidity of the
Commerzbank Group

The liquidity management of the Commerzbank Group is the
responsibility of Group Treasury, which is represented in all major
Group locations in Germany and abroad and has reporting lines in
all subsidiaries.

Liquidity management comprises both operational and strategic
components. Operational liquidity management encompasses
management of daily payment inflows and outflows, planning for
payment flows expected in the short term and management of
access to central banks. The division is also responsible for access
to unsecured and secured sources of funding in the money and
capital markets and the management of the liquidity reserve
portfolio. Strategic liquidity management involves managing
maturity profiles for liquidity-relevant assets and liabilities within
specified limits and corridors. Additional information on this subject
can be found in the “Liquidity risk” section of the Group Risk Report.

Guidelines for the funding profile and funds are derived from the
business strategy and reflect risk tolerance. The Group’s funding is
appropriately diversified in terms of investor groups, regions,
products and currencies. Top-level decisions about liquidity
management are taken by the central Asset Liability Committee
(ALCO), which meets at regular intervals.

The quantification and limitation of liquidity risks is carried out
via an internal model in which expected cash inflows are compared
against expected cash outflows. The limits set are monitored by the
independent risk function. ALCO and the Board of Managing
Directors receive regular reports on the liquidity risk situation.


--- Page 13 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

89 Basis of the Cc
95 Economic report

104 Si
10)

ent perfc

Management Report

ommerzbank G

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

mance
opportunities report

Capital market funding structure’
As at 31 December 2020

Subordinated debt 13%

Preferred senior bonds 17%

ry a

Covered bonds 48%

about €62bn

Non-preferred senior bonds 22%

* Based on reported figures.

Commerzbank had access to the money and capital markets at all
times during the reporting period, and its liquidity and solvency
were always adequate. Furthermore, Commerzbank’s liquidity
management is always able to respond promptly to new market
Even against the background of increasing
uncertainty due to the coronavirus pandemic, the Bank’s liquidity
situation is comfortable and complies with both internal limits and

circumstances.

applicable regulatory requirements.

The Commerzbank Group raised a total of around €7bn in long-
term funding on the capital market in 2020. The average term of the
issues made during the period under review was around eight years
for unsecured issues and Pfandbriefe.

Following the uncertainty in the second quarter caused by the
coronavirus pandemic, the capital markets were stable over the
second half of the year. Commerzbank used the positive issue
windows to implement planned issues.

At the end of May 2020, Commerzbank launched an issuance
programme for Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1 capital) that will
enable it to issue successive subordinated debt securities with a
total nominal value of up to €3bn over the next few years.
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft issued the first AT1 bond under
its new issuance programme, with a volume of €1.25bn and a fixed
coupon of 6.125% per annum, in June. It has a perpetual maturity
and the first call date is in the period from October 2025 to April
2026. This was followed in September by a second AT1 bond with
a volume of €500m and a fixed coupon of 6.5% per annum. This
issue also has a perpetual maturity and the first call date is in the
period from October 2029 to April 2030. The bond terms for both

issues provide for a temporary write-down in the event that the
Bank’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (CET1 ratio) drops below
5.125%. In addition, a subordinated bond (Tier 2) with a volume of
€750m was issued in May. This bond has a term of 10.5 years with
the first call date being in the period from September to December
2025 and a fixed coupon of 4% per annum. The three capital issues
were heavily oversubscribed and attracted great interest from
foreign investors, who accounted for over 90% of demand. With the
issue of the bonds, Commerzbank is further strengthening and
optimising its capital structure.

In the unsecured area, Commerzbank very successfully issued
its second green bond in September with a volume of €500m. The
non-preferred senior bond has a term of 5.5 years with a call date
in March 2025 and a coupon of 0.75% per annum. The bond
attracted an exceptional level of investor interest, particularly from
France, the Benelux countries and Scandinavia. 55% of the issue
was placed in these countries. The green bond has enabled
Commerzbank to significantly expand its investor base. Two non-
preferred senior bonds were also placed, one for €750m and for the
first time one for GBP 400m, with terms of seven and five years
respectively. In the area of preferred senior bonds, a benchmark
bond with a volume of €750m was issued at the end of August, and
a benchmark bond issued in 2019 was increased by €500m at the
beginning of the year. Both bonds have a term of seven years.
Around €260m in private placements were also issued.

In the secured area, a ten-year mortgage Pfandbrief for €1.25bn
was issued in March.

101


--- Page 14 ---

102 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

Group capital market funding 2020
Volume €7.0bn

Subordinated Tier 2

bond €0.8bn a

Non-preferred senior
bonds €1.8bn

Unsecured

Preferred senior bonds Bonds and
€1.4bn capital
—— €5.8bn

Additional Tier 1
bonds €1.8bn

Pfandbriefe
€1.3bn

Secured

bonds
€1.3bn

The eurozone money markets also continued to be significantly
influenced by the rapidly developing coronavirus pandemic and its

repercussions.

In view of this, the ECB is implementing the comprehensive
measures it decided on in March 2020 to counter the economic
down-turn in the eurozone and the resulting impact on the financial
sector. According to the ECB Governing Council, there have not yet
been any significant tensions in the money market or liquidity
shortfalls in the banking system, but additional long-term
refinancing operations have nonetheless been made available to the
banks, mainly for the purpose of supporting lending to small and

medium-sized enterprises.

Under TLTRO III (targeted longer-term refinancing operations),
the ECB provided banks with additional liquidity of around
€1,300bn. Commerzbank participated in this programme with a
volume of €32.3bn. The resulting further increase in excess
liquidity would also make it possible to raise the tiering system for
central bank balances, which exempts part of the excess liquidity
from negative interest rates. The interest rates for the main
refinancing operations, the marginal lending facility and the deposit

facility were unchanged.

At the end of 2020, the Bank had a liquidity reserve of €94.8bn
in the form of highly liquid assets. The liquidity reserve portfolio
works as a buffer in stress situations. It is funded in line with the
liquidity risk appetite to ensure that it is kept at the required size
throughout the entire reserve period stipulated by the Board of
Managing Directors. Part of this liquidity reserve is held in a
separate stress liquidity reserve portfolio managed by Group
Treasury to cover liquidity out-flows should a stress event occur and

to ensure solvency at all times.

The Bank also holds an intraday liquidity reserve portfolio. As at

the reporting date, the total value of this portfolio was €6.1bn.

At 135.68% (average of the last 12 month-end values),
Commerzbank was well above the minimum 100% level required
for the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR). Further information on the
LCR can be found in Note 65 to the Group financial statements.
Commerzbank’s liquidity situation therefore is comfortable given its
conservative and forward-looking funding strategy.

Summary of 2020 business position

The difficult economic situation brought about primarily by the
coronavirus pandemic meant 2020 was a particularly challenging
year for the banking sector.

We managed to achieve key strategic goals with the comdirect
merger and the economic completion of the sale of the Equity
Markets & Commodities (EMC) division to Société Générale. We
also further strengthened the Bank’s capital structure with the issue
of two Additional Tier 1 bonds, partially in response to the amended
regulatory requirements imposed by the European Banking
Authority.

The massive impact of the coronavirus pandemic can be seen in
Commerzbank’s business performance. The first lockdown in
spring 2020 had already altered the market environment so
markedly that in our interim report as at 30 June 2020 we adjusted
our guidance regarding the Bank’s earnings performance given in
the Annual Report 2019. We had previously assumed that we would
be able to report a profit for 2020, but had to revise our profit
expectations in view of the ongoing difficult market environment
and risk factors, the higher risk result due to provisioning for a
specific case in the first half of the year, and the planned provisions
for restructuring expenses. Under the revised guidance, a
consolidated loss was expected for the 2020 financial year. This
forms the basis for the following comments.


--- Page 15 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

89 B the

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

mmerzbank Gi

95 Economic report

The Private and Small-Business Customers segment made good
progress in implementing its strategic measures in the 2020
financial year, the focus being on the expansion of its online and
mobile banking channels. For example, a large number of new
functions were added to the banking app — a popular portal for many
of our customers — making it even more attractive. The segment
achieved an encouraging performance in customer business
despite the ongoing challenging conditions. The lending volume in
Germany grew to €112bn, with the volume of mortgage lending
alone increasing by 7% on the back of record new business. The
securities volume recorded strong growth of €20bn to €177bn,
some €12bn of which were net inflows. The segment proved to be
robust in the face of adverse conditions, particularly with respect to
the interest rate environment and slowing economic growth and
was able to keep total operating income, net of specual effects,
stable in the 2020 financial year after adjustment for extraordinary
effects thanks to the high level of customer activity. It also almost
completely offset the negative impact of a further rise in provisions
for foreign-currency loans at mBank. As expected, there was a
marked increase in the risk result due largely to the effects of the
coronavirus pandemic. The segment recorded a pleasing cost trend.
Contrary to our expectations, we were able to keep operating
expenses at the prior-year level; this did not lead to an improvement
in the cost/income ratio due to the slightly lower reported operating
income. Overall, the segment’s operating profit fell more strongly
than forecast. The operating return on equity fell significantly year
on year.

The coronavirus pandemic, the persistently low level of interest
rates and ongoing intense price competition had a major impact on
the performance of the Corporate Clients segment in the past
financial year. The global economic slowdown also weighed on
demand for trade finance. Lending volume fell due to the Bank's
rigorous RWA management and lower customer demand for credit
and liquidity as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. The resulting
decline in income from trade finance and lending business was only
partially offset by growth in capital market business. Against this
backdrop, our expectations of a slight rise in operating income
could not be met in the course of the year. As expected, the risk
result increased significantly due primarily to the coronavirus

nd opportunities

rmance

report

pandemic and the default of a large exposure in the second quarter
of 2020. Contrary to our expectations, however, costs were lower
compared with the previous year. Overall, the decline in earnings,
which became increasingly marked over the course of the year, and
the considerably higher impact of the risk result led to a significant
operating loss. Although there was only a slight increase in the
cost/income ratio, the operating return on equity fell significantly
compared with the previous year.

At Group level, the Bank laid some important foundations for the
upcoming restructuring in the 2020 financial year, and this was
reflected in significant charges against earnings. Substantial
restructuring expenses were recognised for the year under review.
In addition to the provisions recognised for the forthcoming
restructuring, the goodwill write-down and amortisation of other
intangible assets also affected earnings, although this had no
impact on the regulatory capital base. At operating level, the
coronavirus pandemic was the most significant negative factor in
the past financial year. Commerzbank recognised a top-level
adjustment (TLA) of €-505m that anticipates the potential impact of
the coronavirus pandemic, including the second lockdown, based
on information as at the turn of the year. The provision for legal
risks in connection with foreign-currency loans at mBank was also
significantly increased. Together with negative remeasurement
effects, this resulted in an operating loss in 2020. Higher charges
for compulsory contributions were more than offset through strict
cost management. Total operating expenses including compulsory
contributions were lower than in the previous year. The net return
on equity of -11.7% was markedly lower than the prior-year level
of 2.2%, while the cost/income ratio including compulsory
contributions increased by 3.2 percentage points to 81.5%.

Despite the consolidated loss, the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of
13.2% reported as at the end of December 2020 remained around
370 basis points above the minimum regulatory requirement of
9.5% (MDA threshold). We have cleaned up our balance sheet and
recognised provisions for what remains an uncertain economic
environment. Our comfortable capital position gives us sufficient
financial leeway to implement the “Strategy 2024” programme over
the coming years.

103


--- Page 16 ---

104 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

Segment performance

The comments on the segments’ results are based on the segment
structure described on pages 276 ff. of the Group financial
statements.

More information and explanations regarding restatements of
prior-year figures can be found in Notes 4 and 61 to the Group
financial statements.

Private and Small-Business
Customers

The Private and Small-Business Customers segment encompasses
branch business in Germany, the comdirect brand, Commerz Real
and the mBank Group. The segment again saw growth in net new
customers and assets under management in 2020. With around
11 million customers in Germany and roughly 5.7 million in Poland,
the Czech Republic and Slovakia, Commerzbank is one of the
leading banks for private and small-business customers in these
markets.

Performance

€m PT 20191 Change in

%/%-points

Income before risk result 4,776 4,876 -2.0
Risk result -562 -254

Operating expenses 3,515 3,506 0.3
Compulsory contributions 331 285 16.2
Operating profit/loss 368 831 -55.7
Average capital employed 5,680 5,329 6.6
Operating return on equity (%) 65 15.6 -9.1
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) — excl. compulsory

contributions 73.6 71.9 1.7
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) — incl. compulsory

contributions 80.5 777 2.8

1 Figures adjusted due to restatements (see Group financial statements, Notes 4 and 61).

The Private and Small-Business Customers segment slightly
increased its operating income year on year — excluding the gain on
the sale of the interest in ebase — and thus performed well despite
the difficult market environment. It also kept operating expenses at
the prior-year level. The operating profit was more than halved in
the year under review, falling to €368m compared with €831m in
the prior-year period, with the decline caused primarily by the
extremely weak economic environment. This is clear from the
significantly higher risk result of €-562m.

Total segment income before risk result was €4,776m in the year
under review, down €100m year on year. Allocations to provisions
for legal risks in connection with mortgage loans issued in foreign
currencies at mBank increased by €150m year on year, while the
prior-year result was boosted by the gain of €103m on the sale of
the comdirect subsidiary ebase GmbH.

Net interest income decreased by €107m to €2,576m year on
year. Interest-bearing business in Germany recorded a significant
decline in interest income from deposit business that was only
partially offset by higher interest income from continued volume
growth in lending business, particularly in residential mortgage
financing. It was a similar picture at mBank following several
interest rate cuts by the Polish central bank in the first half of 2020.
The pressure on margins in deposit business was offset by higher
income from lending business.

Net commission income was the main earnings driver in the year

under review, rising significantly in both core regions by a total of
€237m to €2,151m. In Germany, this income figure benefited from
the strong revival of the domestic securities business, with online

banking in particular seeing record transaction volumes. Net


--- Page 17 ---

orate Responsibility

104 Segment perfor

107 Outlook and o}

commis

‘ion income at mBank also increased significantly due to a
marked rise in income from securities business.

The other net income figure of €-237m includes allocations of
€229m to provisions for legal risks in connection with mortgage
loans issued in foreign currencies at mBank. The prior-year figure
of €23m also included an allocation of €79m to these provisions and
the gain of €103m on the sale of the interest in ebase.

The sharp increase in the risk result, which grew by €-308m to
€-562m, is largely attributable to effects from the coronavirus
pandemic. The associated TLA for the period under review
amounted to €-129m.

Operating expenses for the period under review were on a par
with the prior-year level at €3,515m. While operating expenses
were slightly higher in Germany, at mBank they were slightly lower
year on year due to exchange rate effects. The total cost of
compulsory contributions amounted to €331m, an increase of €46m
compared with the prior-year period. The largest increase related
to costs for deposit protection funds.

Impairments of €1,578m were recognised on intangible assets
due to the deteriorating market parameters, including the level of
interest rates in the eurozone and in Poland.

Overall, the Private and Small-Business Customers segment
posted a pre-tax loss of €-1,210m in the period under review,
compared with a pre-tax profit of €831m in the previous year.

Management Report

amerzban!

ort

Financial Statements Further Information

‘mance
ortunitie

Corporate Clients

The Corporate Clients segment comprised four reporting areas in
2020. The Mittelstand, International Corporates and Institutionals
divisions are responsible for business with our core customers: the
Mittelstand division covers Mittelstand (SME) customers and
domestic large corporates with the relevant products they require.
The International Corporates division looks after corporate clients
headquartered abroad and large German multinational companies.
The Institutionals division is responsible for managing relationships
with banks in Germany and abroad, as well as those with central
banks and selected non-bank financial institutions (NBFIs) such as
insurance companies and pension funds.

The segment offers customers the complete range of products of
an international full-service bank, from traditional credit products
and individually tailored financing solutions to cash management
and trade finance, investment

and hedging products and

customised capital market solutions. The Others division handles all

business that either has a cross-segment risk management function
or falls outside the strategic focus of the Corporate Clients segment.
These mainly relate to assets transferred from the former Non-Core
Assets and Portfolio Restructuring Unit run-off segments and
effects from hedging positions.

Performance

€m Pe 20191 Change in

%/%o-points

Income before risk result 3,120 3,274 -47
Risk result -1,081 -342

Operating expenses 2,380 2,478 -3.9
Compulsory contributions 17 118 -0.5
Operating profit/loss -458 336

Average capital employed 11,544 11,927 -3.2
Operating return on equity (%) -4.0 28 -6.8
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) — excl. compulsory

contributions 76.3 75.7 0.6
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) — incl. compulsory

contributions 80.1 79.3 0.8

* Figures adjusted due to restatements (see Group financial statements, Notes 4 and 61).

The performance of the Corporate Clients segment was affected by
the difficult market environment in the year under review,
particularly the high level of customer and market uncertainty
stemming from the coronavirus pandemic. Although individual
sectors and companies suffered severe economic consequences
despite extensive coronavirus aid and the provision of credit lines,
the capital markets continued to recover over the course of the year.

thanks above all to a decline in new coronavirus infections and the
development of vaccines.

In particular, significantly higher valuation allowances for credit
risks meant that the Corporate Clients segment recorded an
operating loss of €-458m in the year under review, compared with
an operating profit of €336m in the previous year. This figure also
included negative remeasurement effects of €-55m due to spread

widening, which primarily reflects higher credit risk with

105


--- Page 18 ---

106 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

counterparties in derivatives business and lower contributions from

fair value items caused in part by the coronavirus cri

Despite solid contributions from capital market business, the
Mittelstand division recorded lower income overall, including from
lending business, which struggled with declining margins.
Commercial business was also hit by the consequences of the
coronavirus pandemic, which resulted in lower income from cash
management and trade finance. The International Corporates
division recorded a positive performance, benefiting in particular
from increased hedging in customer business and a significant
contribution from primary market business with bonds. In the
Institutionals division, however, higher income from capital market
business did not offset the decline in income from trade finance and
cash management. The Others division was affected by a significant
widening of credit spreads caused by the coronavirus pandemic,
which resulted in negative remeasurement effects in counterparty
business. Lower contributions from fair value items and wind-down
portfolios also affected the result, as did a penalty payment of
around €41m to the UK financial conduct regulator recorded in the
second quarter of 2020.

In the year under review, income before risk result was €153m.
lower than in the prior-year period at €3,120m. At €1,799m, net
interest income was below the prior-year level of €1,895m, while
net commission income was up to €1,205m, just above the prior-
year level of €1,176m. Net income from financial assets and
liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss fell to €146m,
however. This was €37m lower than the figure for the prior-year
period, which included income from successful restructuring
measures.

The risk result in the Corporate Clients segment was €-1,081m
in the period under review, compared with €-342m in the prior-
year period. The increase was due in part to impacts of the
coronavirus pandemic, such as larger individual counterparties
where the crisis was the main reason for default or made it
necessary to increase existing risk provisions. The risk result was
also affected by the default of a large exposure in the second quarter
of 2020. The TLA charge for the period under review amounted to
€-373m.

Operating expenses were €2,380m, down €97m on the prior-
year figure. The decline resulted from lower personnel and
administrative expenses achieved through strict cost management.
The reported compulsory contributions of €117m relate primarily
to the European banking levy. Compulsory contributions of €118m
were recorded in the previous year.

Overall, the segment posted a pre-tax loss of €-458m, compared
with a pre-tax profit of €309m in the prior-year period.

Others and Consolidation

The Others and Consolidation segment contains the income and
expenses which are not attributable to the business segments.
Others covers, for example, Group Treasury, equity holdings not
allocated to the business segments and overarching specific
individual matters such as expenditure on regulatory fees.
Consolidation reconciles the figures shown in segment reporting
with the Group financial statements in accordance with IFRS.
Others and Consolidation also covers staff, management and
support functions, which are likewise charged to the segments. For
these units, restructuring costs are an exception to transfer
charging, as they are reported centrally in the division.

The Others and Consolidation segment reported an operating
loss of €-143m for 2020, compared with an operating profit of
€55m in the prior-year period. The decline was primarily
attributable to net negative effects from the recognition and reversal
of provisions, consolidation adjustments, a change in the estimate
of the remaining term of a liability and higher net loan loss
provisions for a residual portfolio in the dissolved Asset & Capital
Recovery segment. This was offset by net positive remeasurement
effects, especially from investments held by CommerzVentures.
Group Treasury also recorded a higher result year on year despite
an increase in bank levies. The improvement was mainly due to
better interest rate risk management for the commercial segments.
Others and Consolidation recorded a pre-tax loss of €-958m for
2020, which included restructuring expenses of €814m. These
mainly related to the recognition of restructuring provisions. The
Board of Managing Directors has decided to bring forward the
implementation of two voluntary programmes as part of the socially
responsible headcount reduction, and concluded corresponding
works agreements with the Central Works Council in the third
quarter of 2020. Furthermore, in December 2020 the Board of
Managing Directors passed a resolution to implement a
restructuring plan with reference to the strategy adopted in the
2019 financial year for a headcount reduction of 2,900 full-time
positions and also concluded a corresponding works agreement
with the Group Works Council. The prior-year figure included
restructuring expenses of €101m relating to the implementation of
the strategy.


--- Page 19 ---

Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

104 ent f

Management Report

ami

Financial Statements Further Information

formance

107 Outlook and opportunities report

Outlook and opportunities report

c situation

Future economi

The ongoing coronavirus pandemic will continue to shape the
global economy in 2021. Provided that the pandemic does not
worsen further, we expect to have to wait until the spring for a
sustained decline in the number of new infections in western
industrialised countries, when people spend more time outdoors
again as temperatures rise. Vaccination programmes should then
result in enough of the population being immunised to allow social
life to return to normal in the second half of the year.

China has not yet defeated the virus either. It is seeing repeated
outbreaks at regional level, with the authorities responding by
imposing lockdown measures. Any negative impact of these
measures on the economy is likely to be limited, however.
Nevertheless, it can be assumed that economic performance will be
much slower to recover. The worsening situation on the labour
market is dampening private consumption, while high levels of
corporate debt are holding back investment. There are also ongoing
problems such as the trade conflict with the USA, which China is
responding to with a costly drive for economic independence.

In the USA, the economic recovery is likely to pick up speed
again from spring onwards, with the new US president, Joe Biden,
planning another extensive stimulus package. There is also an
expectation that 2021 will perhaps see consumers finally part with
some of the USD 1,500bn they were unable to spend last year
because shops were closed. The ongoing vaccination campaign is
also likely to have a positive impact on economic sentiment, and

companies will probably remain very willing to invest. We expect
the US economy to return to pre-crisis levels by mid-2021, with
annual average growth of 5%.

The eurozone economy is likely to recover strongly from spring
onwards after a difficult autumn/winter period. Provided that the
coronavirus pandemic does not worsen further, we anticipate that
be largely lifted by the end of March at the latest.
High-contact services such as hotels and restaurants will then
gradually return to normal operations in the second half of the year.

restrictions will

The economic recovery will receive an additional boost once people
start to spend some of the extensive savings they built up while
shops were closed, particularly in the spring of 2020. According to
our estimates, these amount to around 4% to 5% of annual
disposable income in Germany/the eurozone.

The recovery is also being supported by the continuation of the
highly expansive monetary and fiscal policy. The suspension of the
Stability and Growth Pact will continue into 2021, meaning that
member states will still be allowed to have budget deficits that
exceed 3% of GDP. EU member states will also receive the first
funds from the Recovery and Resilience Facility in 2021 in the form
of loans and non-repayable grants.

We expect the eurozone economy to return to fourth-quarter
2019 levels by the end of 2021. Germany's economy may even be
back to normal by the third quarter of the year. In terms of the
annual average for 2021, we are expecting economic growth of 5.0%
for the eurozone and 4.5% for Germany.

Real gross domestic product P| 20211
Change from previous year

USA -3.5% 5.0%
Eurozone -6.8% 5.0%
Germany -5.0% 4.5%
Central and Eastern Europe -3.9% 3.4%
Poland -3.5% 3.1%

‘The figures for 2021 are Commerzbank forecasts,

The prospect of a highly expansive fiscal and monetary policy over
the longer term means that the eurozone financial markets will
remain disconnected from fundamentals. The yield on ten-year
German Bunds is likely to remain in negative territory over the next
two years, which is unusual from a historical perspective.

We expect fluctuations around the -0.5% mark. However, with
the vaccination programme now under way, the yield is likely to rise
somewhat in the short term once the current wave of infection has
subsided.

Yield premiums in the peripheral countries should tend to
narrow further this year despite unresolved economic problems, as
the ECB’s net bond purchases will continue to match the countries’
net issues in 2021.

107


--- Page 20 ---

108 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

Germany’s DAX share index should continue to make gains in
2021, even though the price-earnings ratio is already noticeably
above the ten-year average. We are expecting a price level of
around 14,200 points by the end of 2021.

The euro should continue to appreciate against the US dollar in
2021 and end the year at 1.24. This is not because the euro is strong,
however, but because the dollar is losing some of its own strength.

Exchange rates 31.12.2020 31.12.2021"
Euro/US-dollar 1.22 1.24
Euro/Sterling 0.89 0.89
Euro/Zloty 4.56 4.60

‘The figures for 2021 are Commerzbank forecasts.

Future situation in the banking
sector

The outlook for the banking industry remains very challenging. In
addition to ensuring sufficient capitalisation, reducing non-
performing exposures and combating IT cyber risks, dealing with
credit risks in particular is one of the key topics for banking
regulators. Supervisory authorities want to implement risk
provisioning measures at an early stage in order to avoid cliff-edge
effects that could arise when government support measures and
credit moratoriums come to an end in the post-pandemic period.
Temporary regulatory relief has been granted as a result of the
pandemic. Further key elements of the Basel III framework are also.
being implemented at European level through the EU banking
package, and these are now gradually coming into force. The new
rules include more risk-sensitive capital requirements, particularly
with regard to market risk, and the introduction of a binding
leverage ratio and a binding net stable funding ratio. Going forward,
banks must hold a minimum amount of capital that is available to
cover losses in the event of restructuring or resolution. However,
requirements for higher risk buffers always entail the risk that the
banking system will be less able to fulfil its economic functions.

The forthcoming revision of European banking regulation is
intended to implement new approaches for determining risk-
weighted assets and hence the capital requirements for credit risk.
There are also plans to abolish the model-based approach for
operational risk, revise the procedure for calculating credit value
adjustments in derivatives business and introduce a minimum
capital requirement (output floor) for institutions that calculate their
risks using internal models. According to an EBA impact study, this
output floor will increase capital requirements, especially for banks
in the EU that are systemically important and operate globally. The
Financial Stability Board is also keen to strengthen regulation of the
financial sector going forward, including extending regulation to
cover non-bank financial institutions, with a view to considerably
reducing systemic risks.

Planning uncertainties and risks have increased ma:
result of the coronavirus pandemic. Many countries have so far
been unable to stem the rate of infection effectively. For the global
economy, the prospect of further waves of infection — potentially
massive ones at regional level — is the central forecasting risk for
the coming months. This uncertainty has led to considerably higher
volatilities in the valuation of assets than seen previously. Banks
worldwide are facing special challenges, especially with regard to

‘ively as a

their earnings expectations and their risk provisioning and capital
requirements.

As the intermediary between providers and users of capital, the
financial sector has a key role to play in overcoming the coronavirus
crisis. There is a time lag, however, meaning that the impact of the
pandemic on banks is only now starting to become apparent.
Germany must also be braced for a mounting number of corporate
and personal insolvencies and thus more loan defaults over the
coming quarters. This is due not least to the temporary suspension
of the three-week rule for filing for insolvency. To mitigate the
negative impact, the Corporate Stabilisation and Restructuring Act
(Unternehmensstabilisierungs- — und
StaRUG), which came into force at the beginning of 2021, is
intended to establish new rules for restructuring law, which comes

-restrukturierungsgesetz,

into play before insolvency law, going forward and follow on
seamlessly from the COVID-19 Insolvency Suspension Act (COVID-
19-Insolvenzaussetzungsgesetz, COVInsAG). The planned new
measures, which include early risk detection and early restructuring
settlements or restructuring plans as a core measure to avert
imminent insolvency, are all designed to significantly improve
companies’ restructuring prospects and thus specifically prevent
insolvencies.

Exposures to companies and self-employed persons in sectors
such as personal services, gastronomy, tourism and events are
subject to disproportionately high risks. These sectors have been
particularly hard hit by the closures required as a result of the
pandemic. It is currently impossible to estimate the scale of the
impairments that will ultimately be required. There are also fears of
loan defaults on commercial property financing if recent changes to
working and shopping habits are maintained over the long term.
Against this backdrop, there are concerns that Germany will see a


--- Page 21 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

107 Outlook and opportunities report

noticeable increase in payment defaults and insolvencies in 2021.
This is likely to affect SMEs in particular, but also private individuals.
European supervisory authorities in particular also consider the
high concentrations of government bonds in numerous banks’
balance sheets to be a critical issue. The German banking sector is
likely to be robust at present, however, due to the capital
provisioning measures that have been in place for some time.

Even before the coronavirus crisis, the prospect of prolonged
low interest rates was seen as a key challenge for the banking sector.
In view of the far-reaching economic impact of the pandemic and
the response of the central banks in the form of a massive expansion
of bond purchase programmes, zero interest rate policy and
extensive provision of liquidity, capital market interest rates will
remain low for the foreseeable future. This will improve banks’
liquidity position and financing conditions, but at the same time will
put ongoing pressure on interest margins and thus adversely impact
earnings in the financial sector. Net interest margins are now very
low throughout Europe, and in Germany in particular. At the same
time, funding costs have risen as credit growth is exceeded by
deposit growth on the customer side. Government lending
programmes are also narrowing margins, even though the
respective credit risk of non-state banks has been noticeably
reduced or even completely eliminated.

Increased revenues in the highly important interest business can
only be achieved by not only raising lending rates and fees but also
introducing negative interest rates for customer deposits on a broad
basis. This process has already begun, as even the two-tier system
for reserve remuneration implemented by the ECB, which exempts
part of banks’ excess liquidity holdings from the negative deposit
rate, will do little to change the negative consequences of the low
interest rate environment. All in all, there is barely any scope for the
vast majority of banks to achieve a sustainable improvement in their
margins.

The outlook for trading business is more favourable than for the
dominant interest-bearing business, although many institutions
have already withdrawn partially or even completely from this area
of activity. Even the current boom in cashless payments is only
benefiting the commission-bearing payment services business to a
limited extent due to strong competition from fintech companies.
By contrast, the outlook for banks’ securities commission business
is better than expected. The number of private shareholders in
Germany will continue to increase over the next few years due to
the lack of investment alternatives. This will primarily benefit direct
banks, which are likely to see further significant growth in new
customers.

The considerable uncertainty among bank customers in recent
months has also led not only to greater use of digital and mobile
products but also to a marked increase in demand for individual
financial advice. Given the existing demand for advice on complex
banking transactions such as retail mortgage financing, branch
business will therefore remain part of the basic service provided by
banks, albeit on a smaller scale.

Given the earnings problems and ongoing competitive pressure,
cost reduction remains the main issue both for German banks and
for many of their European competitors. For this reason,
digitalisation of business processes and the utilisation of the data
generated will advance rapidly. This calls for highly automated IT
processes that permit rapid adjustments in response to changing
market conditions. The trends in customer behaviour that have been
accelerated during the crisis - more online banking and new
payment habits — are set to continue. Financial institutions that
focus increasingly on customers’ use of multimedia channels and
offer a wide range of online banking tools and tailor-made financial
solutions will be at an advantage in the future. This is encouraging
the increasing shift away from branch-based retail banking,
whereby the range of products and services is reduced but it
becomes more difficult to generate commission income. The result
is that the German banking market in particular is on the brink of a
major upheaval. The next decade will see a drastic reduction in the
number of institutions and even more intense competition. More
and more global technology groups, fintech companies, foreign
banks and market infrastructure providers such as stock exchanges,
clearing houses and information service providers will start offering
traditional banking products.

The economic situation both in Germany and in the eurozone as
a whole will remain very challenging until the spring. As a result,
business with corporate clients and small-business customers will
initially remain under significant pressure in the first six months of
2021, but we expect it to then gradually pick up over the second
half of the year. Banks’ interest and commission business will
benefit from the revival of the export industry, which is so important
for the German economy, although there is every likelihood that this
will be accompanied in the short term by an increase in insolvencies
and business closures.

Retail banking business is likely to benefit from private
consumption, which is set to pick up considerably again in the next
few months after people tended to prioritise saving during the
coronavirus crisis. Demand for residential mortgages should also
continue unabated, driven by the lack of affordable housing and the
related boom in new building, and in particular by the persistently
low level of interest rates. However, retail banking business also
continues to offer only limited earnings potential due to the national
competition among banks and the narrow interest margins.

109


--- Page 22 ---

110 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

In addition to the possibility of further packages of measures to
mitigate the economic consequences of the pandemic, banking
regulators are focusing more and more on the management of ESG
(environmental, social and governance) risks. Climate change in
particular is one of the great challenges of our time. With this in
mind, the EBA intends to embed climate and environmental risks
more firmly in banks’ risk management processes over the next few
years. Climate risks are also set to be a focus of future ECB stress
tests, enabling banks to better assess their consequences for their
business environment. The financing requirements of the European
Commission’s planned green deal could also lead to green
quantitative easing. This is new, because to date none of the world’s
central banks have pursued a monetary policy that is explicitly
oriented towards climate protection goals. The EU is also planning
to make sustainability information a mandatory element of sales

prospectuses for mutual funds, probably from the beginning of 2022.

The Polish banking sector has so far proved itself to be
comparatively robust in assessments of financial stability, and this
continued to be the case during the coronavirus pandemic. The
country’s big banks still have a strong capital position and are well

above the minimum requirements set by the supervisory authorities.

There are risks, however, from unsecured consumer loans and
mortgage loans in zloty. There are currently numerous lawsuits
from private customers pending in Poland relating to Swiss franc
real estate loans with indexing clauses. Case law on such lawsuits
is inconsistent, but the majority of rulings currently favour
consumers. To date, neither the Polish courts nor the European
Court of Justice have come up with a clear and conclusive solution
to the issue of foreign currency loans. As a result, since the end of
2019 the banks concerned have been recognising increasingly large
provisions to cover the growing number of lawsuits and the rise in
the total value of disputed claims, which is weighing on their
earnings.

In December 2020, the Polish banking regulator proposed that
foreign currency loans issued by Polish banks be converted into
zloty on the basis of voluntary agreements between the banks and
their affected customers and that interest be charged based on
Poland’s WIBOR reference rate. As the Polish zloty has depreciated
considerably against the Swiss franc over the past few years, such
a conversion based on historical rates is likely to have a significant
negative impact on the earnings of the banks concerned.

All in all, the situation may result in considerable costs for the
banking sector in Poland — and thus also for Commerzbank through
its subsidiary mBank — particularly for litigation. The provisions for
these risks may also need to be adjusted significantly in the future.

The decision by the Polish central bank (NBP) to cut its key
interest rate to just above zero in response to the coronavirus crisis
will also pose major challenges for the Polish banking sector over
the coming months, with the central bank set to maintain its
expansive monetary policy until at least the end of 2021. At the
same time, the ongoing high inflows of liquidity in deposit business
are likely to continue to outstrip demand for credit, while a decline
in the quality of the loan portfolio will lead to significantly higher
risk costs and increased loan defaults. Bank earnings will therefore
remain under pressure over the coming months, which is likely to
result in further increases in bank fees and a continuation of the
trend towards consolidation in the Polish banking market.

The trade agreement recently agreed between the EU and the
UK is in principle intended to avoid tariffs in bilateral trade. Since
the UK is no longer bound by EU rules, goods will now only be
granted tariff-free access to the EU if UK companies do not benefit
from any unfair competitive advantages in the form of subsidies or
lower standards for workers’ rights and environmental
requirements. Services were largely omitted from the negotiations,
however, meaning that UK financial firms have lost their automatic
access to the EU market. They now need to be granted equivalence
rights, whereby the EU authorities can allow them to operate in the
EU if they consider regulation in their domestic market to be
equivalent. These equivalence rights can be revoked at any time,
which will give rise to considerable uncertainty owing to the
fundamental risk that the UK supervisory authority may lower its
regulatory standards in order to strengthen London as a financial
centre. This would affect the competitive position of banks in the
remaining EU countries. At the same time, however, the
fragmentation of the investment banking sector will inevitably
increase if London’s financial centre loses its unrestricted access to
the European single market. Further negotia
required on this topic. In those areas of financial services where the
bulk of EU business is currently handled out of London, the EU is
likely to work towards shifting this business to one of its own
financial centres in the future.

ions are therefore



--- Page 23 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

89

he

104 Segment pet

Management Report

ommerzbank G

mic repo!

Financial Statements Further Information

t

formance

107 Outlook and opportunities report

Financial outlook for the
Commerzbank Group

Planned funding measures

The ECB’s TLTRO III (targeted longer-term refinancing operations)
refinancing option will influence Commerzbank’s borrowing on the
capital market over the coming years. The Bank’s participation in
the June 2020 TLTRO will mean a lower planned funding volume of
less than €5bn for 2021. Commerzbank has access to the capital

market through a broad range of products. In addition to unsecured
funding instruments (preferred and non-preferred senior bonds,
Tier 2 sub-ordinated debt and Additional Tier 1 capital), when
refinancing Commerzbank can also secured funding
instruments, in particular mortgage Pfandbriefe and public-sector
Pfandbriefe. As such, Pfandbriefe are a key element of
Commerzbank’s funding mix. These give Commerzbank stable
access to long-term funding with cost advantages compared with
unsecured sources of funding. Issuance formats range from large-
volume benchmark bonds to private placements.

issue

Group maturity profile of capital market issues as at 31 December 2020
€bn

12
| = || rr
__ = ee ee
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 >2031

(MM) Covered bonds Unsecured bonds I. Subordinated debt

By regularly reviewing and adjusting the assumptions used for
liquidity management and the long-term funding requirement,
Commerzbank will continue to respond actively to changes in the
market environment and business performance in order to secure a
comfortable liquidity cushion and an appropriate funding structure.

Planned investments

Commerzbank is planning a total of €1.7bn in direct costs for IT
investments under “Strategy 2024”, €0.6bn of which relates to the
2021 financial year. Just under half of the investment for the current
year relates to the restructuring of the business model and the
digitalisation of retail banking business, which also encompasses
the integration of our direct banking subsidiary comdirect. The
other half will be invested in the further digitalisation of processes
in corporate client business, the IT infrastructure and regulatory
measures.

Private and Small-Business Customers

The main investment targets for the branch bank in 2021 are the
central initiatives relating to the “Strategy 2024” programme and
the integration of comdirect.

In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment,
Commerzbank is building on the existing strategic thrusts of the
previous strategy while at the same time using the integration of
comdirect to further develop the digital and personal aspects of the
business model. The main focus is on creating the most efficient
digital bank — complete with comprehensive mobile offerings — and
achieving greater penetration of customer segments. A large
portion of the investments will support the ongoing digita
lending platforms in order to optimise customer service during the
application process. Commerzbank also plans to digitalise further
products and processes, while progress towards completion of the
ONE digital platform will continue in 2021. Other key sales and
product-relevant functions will also be implemented in the areas of
accounts, cards, securities and deposits, along with functions
relating to the creation and management of personal data.

sation of

111


--- Page 24 ---

112 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

Another large portion of the investments will be used to expand
the online banking channel. The focus here is on implementing a
completely new technological base and a new customer experience.
The Bank will also invest in the systematic expansion of the banking
app to create an additional sales channel, implementing a host of
new functions such as the ability to create and delete securities
savings plans or display third-party bank accounts. The
technological foundations laid in 2020 will be further expanded in
2021 to ensure a more targeted customer approach across all sales
channels. Interaction between individual channels and touchpoints
will also be stepped up to consolidate the initial effects of profitable
growth.

As well as establishing a digital bank in the German market,
Commerzbank will also focus on improving the efficiency of its
branch business in 2021. The Customer Centre is becoming
increasingly important and is gradually being expanded to create
an efficient and effective remote sales channel.

The implementation of various regulatory requirements will
continue to be a challenging task in 2021 and will entail
corresponding investments. The objective is still to reduce
compliance risks to the lowest possible level by driving the
development of innovative digital solutions for the effective and
resource-efficient management of compliance risks. The main focus
in this regard remains the digitalisation of the “know-your-customer
process. Other the ongoing
restructuring of processes subject to the German Securities Trading
Act (WpHG) in order to meet regulatory requirements under the
suitability and sustainability rules, and work relating to the technical
integration of comdirect. The Bank is also investing in process
automation and the harmonisation of technical applications to
ensure tax compliance both in Germany and abroad

mBank is planning investments in the 2021 financial year to

areas of investment include

strengthen its competitive position, continue the optimisation and
automation of customer-related and internal processes and hence

improve its cost efficiency. Initiatives at business unit level will also
be supported in order to participate in future market potential and
opportunities. New applications include the standardisation of
(OpenAPD, authorisation procedures,
integrated payment transactions, voice assistants and chatbots.
The planned investments are set to include a review of the
positioning and service scope of the mKiosk service points for retail
customers in mBank’s sales network. These mKiosks will in future

interfaces biometric

offer customers individual financial advice via a separate additional
channel, thereby enhancing
performance.

customer service and sales

mBank also plans to optimise its existing sales network in
respect of all branch models. In Warsaw, the existing mBank
headquarters locations are due to be brought together in the
Mennica Legacy Tower by the beginning of 2021. There are also
plans to optimise the various locations in the Czech Republic and
Slovakia.

mBank is also planning further investment in the optimisation of
corporate client processes in 2021, for example to improve cash
services and the processes for handling payment transaction
requests from third-party banks. It will also further optimise the
mobile app for corporate clients developed in 2020 and press ahead
with the automation and digitalisation of back office processes such
as digital account opening for corporate clients. Advisors in the
Customer Centre will be equipped to support corporate clients
directly online via remote access.

Key regulatory projects such those concerning the new
definition of default, the standard initial margin model (SIMM) and
the Benchmarks Regulation (BMR) will be continued.

Corporate Clients

Investments in the Corporate Clients segment in 2021 will focus on
the implementation of Commerzbank’s strategic realignment. The
aim behind the new strategy is to create a fully digitalised bank that
offers personalised advisory services, maintains an unwavering
customer focus and is geared to sustainability. To achieve this, the
Bank will in future focus on serving corporate clients with a clear
connection to Germany, along with international corporate clients
who have business links with Germany or operate in selected future-
oriented sectors. Investments are planned in the sales organisation
and back office areas to support growth there. The programme will
aim to expand the Bank’s market position in Germany and with its
customers in other European countries.

Commerzbank will remain a strong partner for its customers
both in Germany and abroad and will continue to expand its service
offering through a nuanced relationship management model. Its
local presence will be structured more efficiently, for instance by
bundling back office functions in regional service units and
optimising the correspondent bank portfolio. Further harmonisation
of European IT systems will drive the ongoing development of
competitive products.

Extensive digitalisation projects will further increase the degree
of digitalisation, creating additional customer care time by reducing
administrative tasks in sales.


--- Page 25 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

89

the
mic rep
ent pe

104 Seg

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

amerzbank Gi
t
rmance

107 Outlook and opportunities report

Profitability will be significantly increased, for instance by
digitalising processes, optimising pricing and, in particular, making
greater use of data-driven services. An innovative direct banking
offering will gradually be established for corporate clients who
require specific products and advisory services. The product range
will be streamlined and further digitalised.

The importance of mobile applications for corporate clients is
also set to increase. With this in mind, the Bank’s plans for 2021
also include the rollout of additional functions to further expand the
cash management app. Open Banking/API (Application
Programming Interface) will also be a key area of focus. Improved
communication between IT systems will ultimately enable us to
work even more closely with our customers and partners.

There will also be continued development of compliance-related
processes in order to actively and efficiently manage compliance
risks.

IT & Operations

Commerzbank will continue the ongoing optimisation of its IT
structure in 2021. There will also be further significant investment
in payment transactions and securities processing. In mid-2018,
Commerzbank entered into a strategic partnership in payments
processing with the payment processing provider equensWorldline.
Elements of the planned integration of the direct banking subsidiary
comdirect will be implemented as part of the partnership with HSBC
Transaction Services GmbH, which is currently being set up.
Through these two IT infrastructure projects, Commerzbank is
continuing to streamline its operations so that it can concentrate
fully on the strategic restructuring. On the IT side, the focus is on
modernising the IT architecture and putting the technological base
on a more professional footing. Investments to increase automation
and boost IT and operational stability are also planned.

Anticipated liquidity trends

Owing to the high excess liquidity in the market, the volume of
longer-term securities repo transactions will remain restricted. The
short-term repo market
government bonds, supranational bonds and covered bonds (high-
quality liquid assets or HQLA) is still functioning smoothly, however,
even in the face of the coronavirus pandemic, and it plays an
important role in servicing the bond and cash markets.

in high-quality securities such as

The volume of securities has increased since the beginning of
the coronavirus pandemic due to the increase in the German federal
government's liquidity and financing requirements and its special
funds. Following a general reduction in repo rates across all HOLA
markets since March, initially due to the increased securities
volume, after which they trended sideways around the ECB’s
deposit facility, repo rates became more expensive again towards
the end of the year when - as usual — market participants became
less willing to act and securities liquidity was therefore reduced. We
expect demand for collateral via the repo markets to remain high
due to the increase in the TLTRO volume from March 2021 and the
general attractiveness of TLTROs.

The situation in the bond markets is still being influenced by the
ECB’s securities purchase programme and high surplus liquidity, as
well as by ongoing trade conflicts and political uncertainties. This
is resulting in ongoing steady demand for good-quality borrowers.
With interest rates set to remain in negative territory, additional
demand will come from financial investors in search of returns.

Liquidity in the secondary markets, which in this context is
already significantly reduced, will thus remain low. Despite rising
government debt, we expect German government bond yields to
remain very low, even in the long-term segment (yields are
currently negative up to over 30 years), and we anticipate
persistently high demand from investors for high-quality securities.
In view of this, we believe credit spreads will remain tight.

Managing opportunities at
Commerzbank _

The demands placed on modern, sustainable banking business and
the overall framework conditions have changed markedly in the past
few years. Whereas personal customer relationship management
was formerly a key element of banking, these days customers
expect multi-channel advisory services, digital financial offerings
and individual, tailor-made products. We have responded to this in
recent years through our strategic orientation: in both the Private
and Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients market
segments we have gained new customers, pushed ahead with
digitalisation projects and built an agile delivery organisation.
However, the difficulties of the past financial year have shown that
further far-reaching changes are necessary if Commerzbank is to
remain profitable and efficient over the long term.

113


--- Page 26 ---

114 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

The “Strategy 2024” programme presented in February lays the
foundations for this, marking the launch of a far-reaching
restructuring and the comprehensive digitalisation of the Bank. The
aim of the restructuring is to combine the benefits of a fully
digitalised bank with personal advisory services, an unwavering
customer focus and sustainability. We are aiming to significantly
reduce costs and substantially increase profitability by 2024,
thereby laying the foundations to consolidate Commerzbank's
position as the leading bank for German SMEs (the Mittelstand) and
a strong partner to some 11 million private and small-business
customers. In the Corporate Clients segment, we will continue our
success story with German SMEs and in future focus on serving
customers with a clear connection to Germany.

Information on the planned strategic measures in the Private and
Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients segments can be
found in “Objectives and strategy” on page 89 f.

We will further transform the Bank across all segments. This
transformation will affect strategy, technology, competence and
culture. We will actively drive digitalisation in our banking business,
enabling us to offer our customers speed, security and convenience
when it comes to technological applications.

For some time now we have been involved in start-ups, both
directly and indirectly through our subsidiaries CommerzVentures
(a venture capital fund that invests in promising fintech companies)
and main incubator (a research and development unit for
technologies of the future).

Speed, favourable conditions and transparency in the credit
process are becoming increasingly important in this era of digital
business models. This is much easier to achieve with standardised
products for private customers, such as instalment loans or
extensions of credit card limits, than it is with products for
corporate clients, as these are more difficult to standardise.

Commerzbank works to encourage its own employees to engage
in the kind of entrepreneurial thinking that distinguishes start-ups.
The Digital Campus has become the engine driving the
Commerzbank transformation, where we test and develop new,
agile working methods and modern forms of cooperation. The
cluster delivery organisation was introduced at head office for this
purpose. The overarching goals of the digital strategy and the
cluster delivery organisation are to modernise the IT architecture
while maintaining operational stability, professionalise the
technological base, expand capabilities and capacities, and develop
and implement new functionality.

The topics of sustainability and ecology are now an integral
element of Commerzbank’s core business. In the current year alone,
the Bank helped manage a significant volume of green and social
bond issues for its customers, acted as joint lead manager in the
issue of the German federal government's first green bond, very
successfully issued its second own green bond, expanded its range
of more sustainable investments with the new klimaVest mutual
fund, and is now a leading provider of financing for renewable

energy projects in Germany and Europe. One absolutely key area of
focus is the provision of financial support for the transition to
tomorrow’s low-carbon economy. Since 2019, private customers
have been able to take out green mortgage loans, which actively
contribute to energy-efficient
modernisation and acquisition. In addition, Commerzbank signed a
climate commitment in June 2020 together with other players in the
German financial sector. Since the beginning of September 2020,
Commerzbank has been an official supporter of the Task Force on
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures, whose recommendations

promoting construction,

provide a framework to help companies manage the impacts of
climate-related risks and produce the relevant disclosures. As we
continue our journey towards becoming a more sustainable bank,
these measures help set out in transparent terms the risks and
opportunities of climate change for our loan portfolio. We also want
to help our corporate clients develop more sustainable business
models.

To drive the sustainable alignment of the business model in all
areas, Commerzbank has now also set up its own decision-making
body to examine sustainability issues. The new Group Sustainability
Board will define the Bank’s strategic sustainability goals and
monitor and manage concrete measures to support their
implementation.

Overall, we are convinced that the rigorous implementation of
the measures already initiated and those recently adopted will open
up a huge window of opportunity to sustainably improve the Bank’s
profitability.

Anticipated performance of the
Commerzbank Group

The new “Strategy 2024” programme approved in February 2021 is
designed to place Commerzbank on a more efficient footing and
achieve a significant and sustainable increase in the Bank’s
profitability over the medium-term period up to 2024 by means of a
far-reaching restructuring. Profitability is being given a much
higher priority than growth. At the core of the strategy is the
comprehensive digitalisation of all business activities and internal
processes, which, together with the combination of a high level of
personalised and professional advisory expertise and maximum
customer focus, is intended to strengthen the Bank’s competitive
position in its core markets —- Germany in particular — and further
expand it over the long term.

Commerzbank will build on its strengths in order to boost the
return on equity, which has been unsatisfactory in recent years, to
the considerably higher target of around 7% in 2024. These include
the extensive portfolio of attractive relationships with both private
customers and corporate clients, with strong positions in the
affluent clients and SME segments, and the already high level of


--- Page 27 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Financial Statement:

Information

nt performance
107 Outlook and opportunities report

digital expertise in many areas of the Bank. For instance, following
the integration of the subsidiary comdirect, which was merged with
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft last autumn, its extraordinary
expertise in direct banking and securities business will in future be
made available to all private customers.

The Bank’s solid capital position will enable it to cover the cost
of restructuring measures and investments in the comprehensive
modernisation of the IT infrastructure entirely from its own funds.
This will pave the way for a substantial reduction of €1.4bn or
around 20% in the cost base by the end of 2024, leading to a
marked improvement in the cost/income ratio to 61% (2020: 81%).
The first substantial steps towards the comprehensive and
sustainable adjustment of the business model are planned on an
ongoing basis over the rest of the year, with a particular focus on
maximising the speed of implementation and constantly monitoring
the progress made.

Commerzbank expects conditions for the German banking
sector to remain extremely challenging during the entire 2021
forecast period. Economic forecasts are subject to increased
uncertainty due to the insecurity surrounding the further course of
the pandemic. As such, there may be major deviations over the
course of the year in terms of assumptions made regarding
customer behaviour, such as expected demand for loans or
customer activity in securities business. We also anticipate that
extremely low or even negative interest rates and the intense
competition in the two core markets of Germany and Poland will
continue to have a massive impact on earnings. Nevertheless,
Commerzbank believes that it is well positioned in this difficult
environment thanks to the combination of a very favourable risk
profile by international standards and high estimated risk bearing
potential. The consistent and effective management of all risks will
therefore continue to be of paramount importance.

The extraordinarily challenging
characterised by a high degree of uncertainty, is reflected in
expectations of a slight decline in operating income. This in part
reflects the subdued demand for credit among corporate clients in
particular. At the same time, the capital market and securities
business is unlikely to be able to match the at times extraordinarily
strong overall performance of the past financial year. Commerzbank
expects the risk result to remain substantial, in a broad range
between €-0.8bn and €-1.2bn due to the unusually high level of

environment, which is

uncertainty.

As for total operating expenses (including compulsory
contributions), which are expected to be lower year on year at
€6.5bn, initial cost-saving potential is set to be realised despite the
significantly higher investments required in connection with the far-
reaching Overall,
Commerzbank is aiming to post an operating profit again in the
2021 financial year. It is targeting a figure in the low triple-digit
millions even if the risk result is towards the upper negative end of

the €-0.8bn to €-1.2bn range.

transformation of the business model.

Anticipated performance of individual earnings
components

In terms of net interest income, the most important source of
earnings, Commerzbank is aiming to largely replicate the prior-year
level assuming the unfavourable negative interest rate environment
persists. This forecast is based on different trends, however. With
regard to the lending volume in the Corporate Clients segment,
growth aspects will in future play less of a role for strategic reasons.
By contrast, there will be a significantly greater focus on the long-
term profitability of customer relationships and the more efficient
use of capital resources. With demand for credit among corporate
clients expected to be generally restrained over the year as a whole,
the Bank’s withdrawal from certain business segments and regions
will also be accompanied by a corresponding decline in both
lending and the income resulting from it. Private customer business
is expected to see a marked revival in demand for loans to business
and small-business customers and instalment loans in particular.
The increase in lending volumes coupled with a renewed rise in
income from passing on negative interest rates should largely offset
the significantly lower interest income expected from deposit
business. Loans from the European Central Bank, which are
provided at negative interest rates, should provide material support
to net interest income in the Others and Consolidation segment in
the current financial year. Collection of this interest income is
dependent on certain lending criteria being met, however, and this
can only be measured later in the year.

Opposing trends are also expected for net commi!
and are set to result in a slight net decline in this earnings figure in
the current financial year. The continued buoyancy of capital market
business with institutional and corporate clients in the primary and
secondary markets, coupled with the stronger strategic focus on
generating additional, non-capital-binding income over and above
lending business, should enable fee and commission income in
corporate client business to remain at the prior-year level.

ion income

115


--- Page 28 ---

116 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

We believe that the at times extraordinarily strong performance
in securities business with private and small-business customers,
particularly in direct banking business, will remain at a high level.
A decline is expected, however, and will probably not be wholly
offset by earnings gains, mainly from payment transactions, owing
to a large number of new product offerings and adjusted pricing
models.

With regard to net income from financial assets and liabilities
measured at fair value through profit or loss, Commerzbank pursues
a risk-oriented, customer-focused approach designed to achieve
contributions to earnings that are as high and as stable as possible.
This earnings indicator is generally subject to increased volatility
due to the limited scope to assess trends on the global capital
markets. Similar circumstances may also be reflected in the fair
value result in one period, whereas the interest component
dominates in another, resulting over time in possible shifts to net
interest income, and vice versa. A portion of this income component
is therefore directly related to net interest income. For the 2021
financial year, the expectation of a decline in earnings is therefore
accompanied by a correspondingly more positive trend for net
interest income.

Experience has shown that the other income items, including
realised profit or losses on financial instruments and other net
income, are often affected by one-off income and measurement
effects that are generally impossible to predict. Further charges
cannot be ruled out in the current financial year in respect of the
provisions for legal risks in connection with mortgage loans issued
in foreign currencies at mBank, whose effects are reflected under
other net income.

Provided that overly long-lasting measures in connection with
the coronavirus pandemic do not significantly delay the expected
major economic recovery and/or materially impair its extent, the
risk result should show a substantial improvement on the 2020
figure of €-1.7bn. To reflect the unusually high degree of
uncertainty, we are forecasting a broad range of between €-0.8bn
and €-1.2bn. The expected reduction is also based on the additional
provisions of around €0.5bn recognised in the 2020 financial year
on the basis of information as at the turn of the year regarding the
potential impact of the coronavirus pandemic, including the second
lockdown.

The first steps in the implementation of the strategic measures
targeting the far-reaching restructuring of the Group, the aim of
which is to significantly improve profitability over the medium term,
primarily by reducing costs, should have a positive impact on
operating expenses (including compulsory contributions) in the
2021 reporting year. Despite the need for extensive investment in
areas such as the digitalisation of the service offering, sales
channels and underlying processes and the fundamental
modernisation of the IT infrastructure, the Bank expects operating
costs to be reduced slightly overall to around €6.5bn.

The intention is to recognise provisions for restructuring
expenses in full in the current reporting period to cover all future
efficiency improvement measures relating to the “Strategy 2024”
programme. This will be subject to the progress of the
corresponding negotiations with employee representatives over the
course of the year. Along with the existing provisions of €0.9bn,
expenses in the amount of €0.9bn recognised outside the operating
result will provide material long-term relief on the cost side in
subsequent years.

Anticipated segment performance

Private and Small-Business Customers

In the Private and Small-Business Customers (PSBC) segment,
important strategic decisions will have to be taken in Germany this
year to take advantage of the opportunities presented by last year’s
legal merger of Commerzbank and comdirect to the mutual benefit
of the Bank and its customers. Over the coming years, the business
model of a digital direct bank with particular expertise in the
securities business and the business model of a branch-based full-
service bank offering a broad product range and in-depth personal
advisory services are to be combined to create a banking platform
that is unique in the marketplace. Following the far-reaching
restructuring of the sales model, all
purchase simple banking products conveniently and resolve most

customers will be able to

service issues using digital channels, in other words via online or
mobile banking.

They will also have access to personal telephone support via
advisory centres that are available 24 hours a day, every day of the
week. A nationwide network of 450 advisory points, which are set
to replace the existing branches by the end of 2022, will in future
offer straightforward banking products that customers will largely
be able to purchase independently there. Small-business customers
and affluent customers requiring highly complex and tailor-made
banking products will receive individual solutions at 220 premium
branches, which will also use the self-service infrastructure of the
advisory points at the same location.

The highly scalable nature of the more cost-effective direct
banking model, which is to be made available to all customers in
the future, and the gradual transfer of elements of the sales process
to significantly more efficient channels providing enhanced
customer benefits such as round-the-clock access, offer potential
for substantial cost savings. At the same time, the intended far-
reaching changes to the sales model are designed to continuously
increase the income generated from each customer relationship.
The most significant benefits are expected to come from the drive
to seamlessly link the Bank’s distribution channels. Whatever stage
a customer is at in life, they should be offered the best possible
banking product via the appropriate channel and at the appropriate
time.


--- Page 29 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

107 Outlook and opportunities report

The highest earnings growth in the coming years should be
achieved through services for the Bank’s most discerning premium
customers with sophisticated advisory needs. This should offset the
impact of temporary losses of customers and income that are likely
to be inevitable to some degree during the transitional phase and
the restructuring of the sales model, for example as a result of
branch closures.

The focus in the current financial year will be on further
penetrating the existing customer base with banking products and
making better use of pricing flexibility. The aim is to essentially
maintain the strong position in retail mortgage financing and
securities business achieved in recent years and focus increasingly
on growing other areas of the business. We are anticipating
significantly higher new business volumes for both instalment loans
and business loans as soon as the strong dampening effect of the
pandemic, which has led to a sharp rise in the savings ratio and a
marked reluctance to invest, eases and is replaced by growing
confidence and a greater willingness to spend. Demand for
residential mortgage loans is likely to remain high. Net interest
income is expected to be roughly on a par with the prior-year level
overall, in other words the intended growth in the loan portfolio at
almost constant margin levels should at least offset the ongoing
significant pressure on interest income from deposit business.

Net commission income is expected to remain almost at the
prior-year level, with income from payment transactions in
particular set to increase. Basic services, which will remain free of
charge under certain circumstances, will be supplemented with
additional services that customers can select on a modular basis or
as attractive product bundles according to their needs. In securities
business, special attention will be paid to small-business and wealth
management customers, who can expect personally tailored
premium services. For example, earnings potential can be created
by converting deposits that offer no return to the customer — and do
not generate any refinancing advantages for the Bank in the current
interest rate environment — into a wide range of investment
products. These include klimaVest, an impact fund for private
investors that was launched by the Bank’s subsidiary Commerz Real
in 2020 and invests primarily in sustainable real assets. Capital
investments also enable customers to avoid the fees that will
otherwise become increasingly unavoidable for those with high
deposit balances. We believe that the intended shift towards
sion income will be offset by lower
transaction-related commissions

sustainably recurring commi:
in securities business in the
current financial year. Direct banking business in particular
recorded enormously high transaction figures in the year under
review that are not expected to be repeated this year. Including
other less significant income items, total domestic operating

income is expected to be roughly on a par with the prior-year level.

The Polish subsidiary mBank will continue its ongoing growth
strategy of recent years, targeting continued growth both in lending
and deposits and in commission-bearing business. Its broad range
of digital banking products and user-friendly digital settlement
processes mean it occupies an excellent competitive position,
particularly among younger customers, that offers a high level of
long-term earnings potential. Following major growth in the year
under review, especially in securities business, commission income
is expected to increase significantly once again. With Poland's
central bank slashing interest rates to almost zero last year, however,
net interest income is set to decline significantly despite the marked
expansion in lending volume expected this year. Unlike in 2020,
declining refinancing costs on deposits will probably not adequately
compensate for the growing margin pressure on the assets side.
mBank’s total income is likely to be higher, assuming no further
allocations have to be made to provisions for legal risks in
connection with mortgage loans issued in foreign currencies.

This means that operating income for the PSBC segment as a
whole is expected to at least match the prior-year level.

Extensive and accelerated investments will be required in the
current financial year to implement the planned strategic measures
in Germany. These include the restructuring of sales channels and
the ongoing digitalisation of products and processes, in part as a
means of carrying out the desired optimisation of the branch
network without any noticeable adverse impact on customers. The
investments expenditure will be covered by the expected positive
effects of measures such as the forthcoming closure of around 200
further branches and greater synergies from the integration of
comdirect, not least the elimination of duplicate spending on
digitalisation. The goal is to achieve a slight reduction in domestic
operating expenses, In
connection with the expected completion of the negotiations with
employee representatives, the main aim of which is to reduce

including compulsory contributions.

personnel expenses, the anticipated fall in costs should become
increasingly visible as the year progresses.

Higher operating expenses are expected at mBank, even though
compulsory contributions look set to fall slightly for the first time in
a long while. However, this increase is expected to be significantly
outweighed by the growth in operating income.

The Bank is targeting a slight reduction in operating expenses
for the PSBC segment as a whole in 2021.

We remain cautious about the risk result, but are forecasting
lower loan loss provisions in Germany due to the provisions that
were already recognised as at the end of 2020 to account for the
identifiable potential impact of the coronavirus pandemic, including
the second lockdown. The slight increase in the expected risk result
for mBank relates primarily to the planned growth in lending

volumes.

117


--- Page 30 ---

118 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

We expect the risk result for the PSBC segment to fall slightly
overall.

Based on slightly higher operating income coupled with slightly
lower operating expenses and risk costs, we are therefore
forecasting an improved operating result for the PSBC segment as
a whole in 2021. The operating return on equity is set to increase
similarly, while the cost/income ratio is expected to improve.

Corporate Clients

Comprehensive measures will be implemented in the Corporate
Clients (CC) segment over the coming years to substantially improve
both the cost/income ratio and the efficiency of capital employed.
In future, strategic considerations will focus less on growth in highly
competitive German corporate client business and more on
improving the penetration and thus profitability of customer
relationships and long-term earnings and return prospects in
business segments and regions, right down to product level. This
will be accompanied by other measures including the planned
downsizing of the international network through the step-by-step
closure of 15 locations, the withdrawal from sub-segments such as
equities business, which is to be replaced by sales cooperations,
and the streamlining and simplification of the product catalogue.
Corporate clients, especially SMEs, and large international
companies who have business links with Germany will continue to
benefit from Commerzbank’s strengths such as its acknowledged
high level of expertise and strong presence in international trade
corridors. The scope of support offered and the product range will
in future be more nuanced according to each client's specific needs.
Going forward, the Bank should be able to meet many of the
demands of its corporate clients much more efficiently via the
simpler and more standardised product and service offering of a
digital direct bank.

Services are to be offered to the entire corporate client base on
an even more needs-oriented basis, supported by the planned
comprehensive digitalisation of the product range and internal
processes coupled with extensive data analyses. The Bank also
intends to make significantly better use of exis
Over the coming years, the risk-weighted assets freed up through
the conscious reduction of less profitable customer relationships
will increasingly be deployed for customers offering earnings
potential who use the full range of Commerzbank services and
require a high level of intensive individual support.

ing pricing flexibility.

The Bank has also taken the strategic decision to focus on
companies in especially promising sectors such as sustainability
(energy/environment), mobility,
health/pharmaceuticals, areas in which it has built up particular
expertise. RWA efficiency is set to become even more important in
the future as a key management metric for the implementation of

communications and

strategic measures.

Customer relationships that are largely based on low-margin
credit products and offer no prospect of additional income in the
medium term will no longer be pursued. Over time, the risk-
weighted assets saved as a result of this approach will reduce the
capital employed in the CC segment or will be reallocated to
customer relationships offering greater earnings potential.

The key strategic objective in the current financial year is to
implement the measures planned for the CC segment as quickly as
possible. The segment is therefore targeting a significant reduction
in allocated capital, even though this is likely to lead to a decline in
net interest income. The financing requirements of corporate clients,
which are considered to be low due to the ongoing reluctance to
invest, are also a factor in this, however. During the pandemic, these
requirements were largely covered by promotional loans from
government-related institutions. By contrast, net commission
income should at least match the prior-year level due to the efforts
to increasingly exploit earnings opportunities through greater
penetration of the customer base with services that do not involve a
significant capital commitment. The more intensive servicing of
corporate clients in the defined future-oriented sectors is also
expected to result in higher earnings contributions. In view of the
cautious assessment with regard to income that is based on changes
in fair value, operating income in the Corporate Clients segment is
expected to be lower overall in 2021.

The measures due to be implemented this year to substantially
increase efficiency over the medium term are intended to fully cover
the expenses resulting from the strategic investments. The segment
is also targeting a slight reduction in total operating costs (including
compulsory contributions) in 2021, even though positive effects,
particularly from the headcount reduction, will probably not be
realised until the second half of the year.



--- Page 31 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

89

the
mic rep
ent pe

104 Seg

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

amerzbank Gi
t
rmance

107 Outlook and opportunities report

The forecast of a sharp decline in the risk result is essentially
based on two assumptions. A case of fraud involving a single
customer resulted in a loss of €0.2bn in 2020 that should not be
repeated this year. In addition, a portion of the risk result
recognised in the year under review had already anticipated the
potential impact of the coronavirus pandemic, including the second
lockdown. If the cautious assumptions made regarding a significant
economic recovery as the pandemic slowly dies down prove to be
largely correct over the course of the year, we believe it is realistic
to expect credit losses to be considerably lower than they were last
year.

Overall, sharply falling risk costs, slightly lower operating
expenses and declining income lead us to expect a still negative but
improved operating result, which
corresponding improvements in the operating return on equity and
the cost/income ratio.

should also manifest in

General statement on the outlook for the Group

Commerzbank is aiming to post an operating profit in the 2021
financial year. It is targeting a figure in the low triple-digit millions
even if the risk result is towards the upper negative end of the
€-0.8bn to €-1.2bn range. With a slight decline in operating income
and a risk result within the range from €-0.8bn to €-1.2bn, the
initial impact of the comprehensive initiatives to significantly
improve the return on equity over the medium term is set to make
itself felt, particularly with regard to costs. The Bank plans to
recognise the provisions for the remaining cost of the restructuring
measures required to implement the new strategy — around €900m
— by the end of the year. This will lay the foundations for a steady
annual reduction in the cost base — with a focus on personnel
expenses — over the coming financial years. After deducting
restructuring expenses, we are anticipating a consolidated loss for
the 2021 financial year based on a risk result towards the upper
negative end of the €-0.8bn to €-1.2bn range. This would also
mean that both the return on equity and economic value added
would be in negative territory.

Commerzbank’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is largely based on
the capital requirements resulting from the Supervisory Review and
Evaluation Process (SREP) carried out by the ECB as the
responsible supervisory authority, plus a buffer deemed appropriate

by Commerzbank’s management to cover potential stress situations.

The ECB has left the SREP capital requirements valid for the
2020 financial year unchanged for 2021, while the capital buffer for
other systemically important institutions (O-SII) set by the German
banking regulator as part of the SREP requirements was reduced to
1.25% in November (previously: 1.5%).

Commerzbank intends to maintain a Common Equity Tier 1 ratio
of more than 12%, significantly above the regulatory requirement
imposed by the ECB, for the entirety of the 2021 financial year. This
target compares with the ratio of 13.2% reported as at the end of
2020, after taking the consolidated loss for the past financial year
into account. The Bank therefore believes it has a sufficiently
comfortable capital buffer to be able to cover the restructuring and
investment expenses required for the Group’s transformation
entirely from its own funds. This capitalisation is also evidence of a
high risk-bearing capacity should the difficult conditions continue
for a longer period.

Nonetheless, there are numerous risk factors that could affect
the 2021 profit forecast to a considerable, though not reliably
quantifiable extent, should events take an unfavourable turn. These
include, first and foremost, exceptionally high global economic
risks resulting from the coronavirus pandemic, the length and
extent of which cannot yet be adequately assessed. These could
have a particularly significant impact on the German economy,
which is tightly interwoven with international trade flows, and cause
risk costs in lending business to far exceed their forecast level. The
geopolitical situation remains very uncertain, with trade conflicts
between the economic blocs of Europe, North America and Asia —
above all China — still eminently possible.

There appear to be clear signs of overheating in some segments
of the capital markets; these may manifest themselves in sudden
increases in volatility and sharp value corrections. Valuation levels
are extraordinarily high in some cases by historical standards on
both the international bond and equity markets, anticipating an
economic upturn that is not yet sufficiently certain. Central banks
have become an even more important factor influencing financial
stability and the outlook for the banking sector. They have become
major players on the capital markets with their unconventional
monetary policy measures on an enormous scale. At the same time,
the banking sector is making increasing use of central bank funding
to cushion the effects of the negative interest rate environment. The
host of additional responsibilities could increasingly exhaust their
scope to perform their main task of safeguarding monetary stability
without harmful side effects.

119


--- Page 32 ---

120 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

Other risk factors include unfavourable trends in the regulatory
or legal environment and a further tightening of the competitive
situation in Germany. In Poland, further charges cannot be ruled out
in connection with numerous lawsuits filed by private customers
regarding Swiss franc real estate loans.

A fall in margins to levels that are unattractive from a risk-return
perspective could constrain Commerzbank’s scope for earnings
over the coming years and delay and/or reduce the extent of the
expected positive effects of the measures to increase profitability.

For further information on other risks, see the Group Risk Report,
page 121 ff.

The Group Risk Report is a separate reporting section in the Annual
Report. It forms part of the Group Management Report.


--- Page 33 ---

Group Risk Report

» In the Group Risk Report, we give a comprehensive presentation of the risks
we are exposed to. We provide a detailed insight into the organisation and key
processes of our risk management. Our primary aim is to ensure that all risks
in Commerzbank are fully identified, monitored and managed based on
adequate procedures at all times.


--- Page 34 ---

122 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

123

124

131

145

149

152

153

Contents

Executive summary 2020

Risk-oriented overall bank management

124
125
127
127
129

Risk management organisation
Risk strategy and risk management
Risk ratios

Risk-bearing capacity and stress testing

Regulatory environment

Default risk

131
131
136

142

Strategy and organisation

Risk management

Commerzbank Group

140 Private and Small-Business Customers segment
141 Corporate Clients segment

Further portfolio analyses

Market risk

145
146
147
148
149

Strategy and organisation
Risk management
Trading book

Banking book

Market liquidity risk

Liquidity risk

149
149
150
150
151
151

Strategy and organisation

Risk management

Liquidity risk model
Quantification and stress testing
Liquidity reserves

Liquidity ratios

Operational risk

152
152

Strategy and organisation

Risk management

Other risks

153
156
158
159
159
160
161
161

Legal risk
Compliance risk
Reputational risk

IT risk

Cyber risk

Human resources risk
Business strategy risk
Model risk


--- Page 35 ---

Corporate R

To our Share

Financial State urther Information 123

Risk Report
123 Executive summary 2020

24. Risk-ori verall bank managemer

Other risks

Executive summary 2020

The 2020 financial year was marked by the coronavirus pandemic. However, our sound portfolio quality and the measures taken by

governments mean that the effects have so far had only a limited impact on the risk ratios. 1

fhe negative economic performance expected

as at the end of the year was taken into account primarily with a top-level adjustment in the risk result.

Risk-bearing capacity ratio stood at 159% as at 31 December 2020

e The risk-bearing capacity ratio remains well above the minimum
requirement.

e The decrease in the risk coverage potential compared to
December 2019 was mainly due to the consolidated loss for the
2020 financial year. At the same time, the write-down of goodwill
included in this result led to a reduction in the risk buffer in the
economically required capital.

The Group's exposure at default increased
© The Group’s exposure at default increased from €445bn to
€466bn in 2020.

e The risk density declined from 23 basis points to 21 basis points
over the same period.

Risk result for the Group amounted to €-1,748m in 2020

e The risk result increased significantly compared with the
previous year. The main reasons for this are effects of the
coronavirus pandemic.

e Given the uncertainty of the further development of the pan-
demic we expect a risk result of between €-0.8bn and €-1.2bn
for 2021.

Market risk in the trading book increased in 2020
e The value at risk (VaR) inclined from €6m to €12m over the
course of 2020.

e Compared to the end of the third quarter of 2020, the VaR.
decreased by €3m.

Operational risks decreased year-on-year
e In 2020 risk-weighted assets from operational risks decreased
from €18.7bn to €18.3bn.

e The total charge for OpRisk events increased from €127m to
€345m compared with the previous year.

Risk-bearing capacity

€bn

161% 159 % RBC ratio
24 2
15 14 ME Risk coverage potential
Economically
required capital
129 12/20
EaD 445 466
. | L
IIB Private and Small-Business Customers
Corporate Clients
| | | | (MM Others and Consolidation
1219 12/20
Risk result
ém 1,748
620 [ll Group
1219 12/20
VaR
€m
12
5 Group
6
Confidence level 99%
Holding period 1 day
1219 12/20

Risk-weighted assets from operational risks

€bn

187 18.3
| | BS Group

1219 12/20



--- Page 36 ---

124 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

Risk-oriented overall
bank management

Commerzbank defines risk as the danger of possible losses or
profits foregone due to internal or external factors. In risk
management, we normally distinguish between quantifiable and

non-quantifiable types of risk. Quantifiable risks are those to which
a value can normally be attached in financial statements or in
regulatory capital requirements, while non-quantifiable risks
include compliance and reputational risk.

Risk management organisation

Commerzbank regards risk management as a task for the whole
Bank. The Chief Risk Officer (CRO) is responsible for developing
and implementing the Group’s risk policy guidelines for
quantifiable risks, laid down by the Board of Managing Directors,
as well as for measuring these risks. The CRO regularly reports to
the full Board of Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board's
Risk Committee on the overall risk situation within the Group.

Until 31 December 2020, the risk management organisation
consisted of the following divisions: Group Credit Risk Management,
Group Kredit, Group Market Risk Management, Group Risk Con-
trolling & Capital Management and Group Cyber Risk & Information
Security.

As of 1 January 2021, Commerzbank combined the divisions
Group Market Risk Management and Group Risk Controlling &
Capital Management to form the new Group Risk Control division.
Furthermore, the Group Big Data & Advanced Analytics divisi
was integrated into the risk management organisation.

In addition, the CRO has assumed responsibility for Group
Compliance. It is Group Compliance’s responsibility to establish

appropriate governance, procedures and systems to avoid the Bank

being unintentionally endangered as a consequence of compliance

risks. Group Compliance is led by the Chief Compliance Officer.
All divisions have a direct reporting line to the CRO.

Risk Management Organisation

Vv Vv Vv Vv Vv Vv
Group Big Group Cyber
Group Credit Group Risk Data & Risk & Group
Risk Group Kredit
Control Advanced Information Compliance
Management
Analytics Security

The full Board of Managing Directors has exclusive responsibility
for fundamental strategic decisions. The Board of Managing
Directors has delegated operative risk management to committees.
Under the relevant rules of procedure, these are the Group Credit
Committee, the Group Market Risk Committee, the Group OpRisk
Committee, the Group Cyber Risk & Information Security Commit-
tee and the Group Strategic Risk Committee, which decides on risk
issues of an overarching nature. The CRO chairs all these commit-
tees and has the right of veto. The CRO is also a member of the
central Asset Liability Committee. Here the CRO also has a right of
veto on certain topics (e.g. liquidity risk issues).

The tasks and competencies of the respective committees are
described below:

The Group Credit Committee is the decision-making committee
for operative credit risk management, comprising two represent-
tatives each from the back office and front office. The Group Credit
Committee operates on the basis of the credit risk strategy. It takes
decisions in line with the competencies delegated to it by the full
Board of Managing Directors.

The Group Market Risk Committee monitors market risk
throughout the Group and manages limit requirements in line with
risk-bearing capacity. To do this, all market risks from the trading
and banking book are analysed to identify risks early and for active
risk management purposes. The focus here is on optimising the
risk/return profile.



--- Page 37 ---

To our Shareholders Mana

The Group OpRisk Committee (OpRiskCo) is responsible for
managing operational risks within the Group and in this regard acts
as the highest escalation and decision-making committee below the
full Board of Managing Directors. The OpRiskCo also addresses all
important regulatory issues that arise in connection with the
management of operational risks and the implementation of the
advanced measurement approach within the Group. In addition, it
deals with standards on governance and assessing the functioning

of the Internal Control System (ICS) within the Commerzbank Group.

Details about the ICS can be found in the section on operational
risks.

The Cyber Risk & Information Security Committee (CRISCo)
monitors and manages cyber and information security risks in the
overall interests of the Bank. In this respect, it acts as the highest
decision-making and escalation committee below the full Board of
Managing Directors. The CRISCo addresses all regulatory aspects
relevant to cyber and information security issues and ensures
appropriate risk management in this regard in accordance with
internationally recognised standards.

The Group Strategic Risk Committee acts as the discussion and
decision-making committee for all types of risk, and its main
objective is to monitor and manage risks at portfolio level. This
covers risk measurement, risk transparency and risk management.
Asset Liability Committee (ALCO) is the
Commerzbank Group committee responsible for the Group-wide
and integrated management of financial resources, namely capital,
liquidity and balance sheet structure as well as net interest income,
in accordance with the regulatory framework. The ALCO monitors
in particular the Group’s risk-bearing capacity and as such plays an
important part in the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process
(ICAAP). The ALCO resolves the recovery plan. Resolutions of the
central ALCO are presented to the full Board of Managing Directors
for confirmation. In case of violation of a recovery plan indicator,

The central

the ALCO plays a central role regarding the escalation, the
estimation of the situation and the introduction of measures.

Moreover, risk issues are dealt with in the Supervisory Board’s
Risk Committee and in other committees listed below:

The Supervisory Board's Risk Committee is the Bank’s highest
risk committee. It comprises at least 5 Supervisory Board members.
The Risk Committee's include monitoring the risk
management system and dealing with all risks, particularly with
regard to market, credit and operational risk as well as reputational
risk. The Risk Committee determines the type, scope, format and
frequency of the information that must be presented to the Board of
Managing Directors about strategy and risk.

tasks

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information
Executive 2020
124 Risk-oriented overall bank management

31D

summary

ult risk

The Group Risk Management Executive Committee acts as the
discussion and decision-making committee within Group Risk
Management and is responsible in particular for the organisation
and strategic development of risk management as well as the
creation and maintenance of a uniform risk culture. It also ensures
that the Group risk strategy and the resolutions of the full Board of
Managing Directors are implemented in the risk function.

Compliance topics are dealt with in the Global Compliance
Board (GCB). The GCB has been established as a forum to share
updates on major compliance topics and supervisory actions
regarding compliance in the Bank. Furthermore, the GCB serves as
information platform for segments and functions about compliance
culture, changes in compliance regulations, updates of compliance-
related policies and their implications.

Risk strategy and risk management

The overall risk strategy, in line with the business strategy, governs
the strategic risk focus of the Commerzbank Group. It sets the risk
appetite as the maximum risk that the Bank is prepared and able to
accept while following its business objectives without exposing
itself to existential threats over and above the risks inherent in the
business. The guiding idea is to ensure that the Group holds
sufficient liquidity and capital. Based on these requirements,
suitable limits are defined for the risk resources of capital and
liquidity available to the Group. The overarching limits of the overall
risk strategy are consistent with the indicator thresholds of the
recovery plan.

Banks’ core functions as transformers of liquidity and risk result
in inevitable threats that can in extreme cases endanger the
continued existence of the institution. For Commerzbank, in view of
its business model, these inherent existential threats include the
default of Germany, Poland, one or more of the other major EU
countries (France, Italy, Spain or the UK, although Brexit is not
deemed to be a default) or the default of the USA. Italy is an
idiosyncratic special case due to the major legacy exposures to the
Italian government, while in the other countries existential threats
would arise from the impact of a government default on banks and
companies and the repercussions for the other EU countries.
Moreover, inherent threats include a deep recession lasting several
years with serious repercussions for the German economy (caused,
for instance, by a global pandemic or by the USA or China), a bank
run and the collapse of global clearing houses or the foreign
exchange markets, possibly triggered by a cyber attack. In general,
cyber risk includes certain scenarios as the business environment
becomes more digitalised which under certain circumstances can
cause damage and could therefore be significant for Commerzbank.

125


--- Page 38 ---

126 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

As a result of the unexpected and abrupt global economic slump.
triggered by the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic, the risks
have increased, especially in view of Commerzbank’s positioning as
the leading bank for small and medium-sized enterprises in
Germany.

When pursuing its business targets, the Bank accepts these
existential threats. It may be necessary to adjust the business model
and hence the business and risk strategies in the medium and long
term if the full Board of Managing Directors’ assessment of these
threats to Commerzbank changes substantially. To the extent that it
is able to do so, Commerzbank makes early preparations in
anticipation of forthcoming changes in regulatory requirements and
accounting standards. Such changes and their (retrospective)
interpretation may have lasting implications for — and even threaten
the survival of - Commerzbank’s business model. Commerzbank
accepts these regulatory risks because there are many cases where
there is no option to mitigate or manage them.

The overall risk strategy covers all material risks to which
Commerzbank is exposed. It is updated annually or on an ad hoc
basis as required and set out in further detail in the form of sub-risk
strategies for the risk types which are material. These are then
specified and made operational through policies, regulations and
instructions/guidelines. By means of the upstream risk inventory
process, Commerzbank ensures that all risk types of relevance to
the Group are identified and their materiality assessed. The
assessment of the materiality of a risk is based on whether its
occurrence could have a major direct or indirect impact on the
Bank’s risk-bearing capacity.

As part of the planning process, the Board of Managing Directors
decides how much of the risk coverage potential of the Group
should be utilised. On that basis, individual types of quantifiable risk
contributing to the capital requirements are limited in a second
stage. A capital framework is allocated to the management-relevant
units through the planning process. Compliance with limits and
guidelines is monitored during the year, and management measures
are put in place where required. In addition, further qualitative and
quantitative early warning indicators are established in the overall
risk strategy. Potential negative developments can be identified at
an early stage with the help of these indicators.

One of the primary tasks of risk management is the avoidance of
risk concentrations. These can arise from the synchronous

movement of risk positions both within a single risk type (intra-risk
concentrations) types (inter-risk
concentrations). The latter result from common risk drivers or from

and across different risk
interactions between different risk drivers of different risk types.

By establishing adequate risk management and controlling
processes, Commerzbank provides for the identification, assessment,
management, monitoring and communication of material risks and.
related risk concentrations. This ensures that all Commerzbank-
specific risk concentrations are taken into account in its risk manage-
ment. Stress tests are regularly used to ensure transparency regard-
ing risk concentrations. The structure of the scenarios and the
integrated approach ensure that the impact of adverse scenarios on
portfolio priorities and risk concentrations are examined in a
targeted manner. Management is regularly informed about the
results of the analyses so that the potential risk of losses can be
avoided in good time.

The Group Risk & Capital Monitor is the monthly risk report,
designed for management purposes, on capital, credit risk, market
risk, liquidity risk and OpRisk topics within Commerzbank risk
management. It shows all the above risk types, including economic
and regulatory risk-bearing capacity, for the Commerzbank Group.
The report's aims include providing the full Board of Managing
Directors and the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee with
transparent and comprehensive information, highlighting important
developments from a risk perspective and setting management
measures. The report is also used in particular to monitor limits and.
guidelines within the overall risk strategy. Responsibility for
approving the overall risk strategy and the Group Risk & Capital
Monitor lies with the full Board of Managing Directors.

Commerzbank has adopted a code of conduct that defines
binding minimum standards for Commerzbank’s corporate respon-
sibility, its dealings with customers, business partners and
colleagues, and its day-to-day business. It goes without saying that
the Bank complies with relevant laws, regulatory requirements,
industry standards and internal rules, and this therefore forms a
particularly important part of its risk culture. It actively requires
employees to behave appropriately, courageously, with integrity and
in compliance with rules, and any failure to comply with rules is
penalised. Expanded procedures ensure that misconduct is evalu-
ated in a uniform and fair manner, strengthening consequence
management on a long-term basi:



--- Page 39 ---

To our Shareho

Management Ref

The main pillar of the Bank’s overall risk management and
culture is the concept of three lines of defence, which is a core
element of the Corporate Charter. Under the three lines of defence
principle, protecting against undesirable risks is an activity that is
not restricted to the risk function. Each unit (segment or function)
forms the first line of defence within its area of operational
responsibility and is directly responsible for identifying and
managing risks within it while complying with the prescribed risk
standards and policies. For example, the front office forms the first
line of defence in all business decisions and has to take risk aspects
into account in reaching them. The second line of defence for each
type of risk lays down standards for appropriate management of
risks of that type, monitors this and ensures the application of such
standards, and analyses and evaluates the risks. The risk function
forms the second line of defence against credit and market risks
associated with business decisions. Particularly for credit risk, this
includes involvement in the credit decision process by means of a
second vote. Units outside the risk function (e.g. Group Compliance
and Group Finance) also operate as the second line of defence for
certain risk types. The third line of defence is Internal Audit.

Risk ratios

Commerzbank uses a comprehensive system of ratios and proce-
dures for measuring, managing and limiting various types of risk.
The most important of these are listed below:

Economically required capital is the amount, corresponding to
a high confidence level (currently 99.90% at Commerzbank), that
will cover unexpected losses arising from risk positions.

The risk-bearing capacity ratio (RBC ratio) indicates the excess
coverage of the economically required capital by the risk coverage
potential. Risk-bearing capacity is deemed to be assured as long
as the RBC ratio is higher than 100%.

Exposure at default (EaD) is the expected exposure amount
taking into account a potential (partial) drawing of open lines and
contingent liabilities that will adversely affect risk-bearing capacity
in the event of default. EaD is hereinafter also referred to as
“exposure”.

Expected loss (EL) measures the potential loss on a loan
portfolio that can be expected within one year on the basis of
historical loss data.

Risk density is the ratio of expected loss to exposure at default
and thus represents the relative risk content of an exposure or a
portfolio.

Value at risk (VaR) is a methodology for quantifying risk. It
involves setting a holding period (such as one day) and a
confidence level (such as 97.5%). The VaR value then denotes the
relevant loss threshold that will not be exceeded within the holding
period with a probability in line with the confidence level.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information
23. Executive summary 2020
124 Risk-oriented overall bank management

45

Other risks

Credit value at risk (CVaR) is the economic capital
requirement for credit risk with a confidence level of 99.90%.
The term results from the application of the value at risk concept to
credit risk measurement. Credit VaR is an estimate of the amount
by which losses from credit risks could potentially exceed the
expected loss within a single year, ie. unexpected loss. The idea
behind this approach is that expected loss simply represents the
long-term average of lending losses, but this may vary (positively or
negatively) from actual credit losses for the current financial year.

In relation to bulk risk, the “all-in” concept comprises all
customer credit lines approved by the Bank in their full amount —
irrespective of the loan utilisation to date. It is independent of
statistically modelled parameters to the greatest possible extent and
comprises internal as well as external credit lines.

Risk-bearing capacity and
stress testing

Risk-bearing capacity analysis is a key part of overall bank
management and Commerzbank’s ICAAP. The purpose is to ensure
that sufficient capital is held at all times. The risk-bearing capacity
concept is reviewed and optimised annually.

When determining the economically required capital, allowance
is made for potential unexpected fluctuations in value. Where such.
fluctuations exceed forecasts, they must be covered by the available
economic capital to absorb unexpected losses (risk coverage
potential). Only the economic value of equity components that
absorb losses in the going concern approach is taken into account
in determining the economic risk coverage potential.

The capital requirement for the risks taken is quantified using
the internal economic capital model. All risk types of the
Commerzbank Group classified as significant and quantifiable
within the annual risk inventory are taken into account when
determining the economically required capital. The economic risk
approach therefore also comprises risk types that are not included
in the regulatory requirements for banks’ capital adequacy. The
model also reflects diversification effects incorporating all types of
risk. The confidence level for the calculation of economically
required capital is 99.90% and is harmonised with the going
concern approach. The quantifiable significant risks in the
economic capital model are divided into default risk, market risk,
operational risk and (not separately disclosed in the table on the
next page) business risk and property value change risk. Business
risk is the risk of a potential loss resulting from deviations in actual
income and expense from the respective budgeted figures.
Business risk is used to substantiate a higher-level management
buffer that ensures the responsiveness of capital management.
Physical asset risk is the risk of an unexpected fall in the value of
owned property which is either already recognised as an asset in


--- Page 40 ---

128 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

the Group’s balance sheet or which can be recognised during the
next 12 months under contractually assured obligations with option
character (especially real estate). In the 2020 risk inventory, the
reserve risk was again classified as material. Allowance is made for
this risk by means of a corresponding risk buffer when considering
risk-bearing capacity. The results of the risk-bearing capacity
analysis are shown using the risk-bearing capacity ratio (RBC ratio),
indicating the excess of the risk coverage potential in relation to the
economically required capital.

Risk-bearing capacity is monitored and managed monthly at
Group level. Risk-bearing capacity is deemed to be assured as long
as the RBC ratio is higher than 100%. In 2020, the RBC ratio was
consistently above 100% and stood at 159% as at 31 December
2020. The decrease in the risk coverage potential compared to
December 2019 was mainly due to the consolidated loss for the
2020 financial year. At the same time, the write-down of goodwill
included in this result led to a reduction in the risk buffer in the
economic capital. The RBC ratio is still well above the minimum
requirement.

Risk-bearing capacity Group | €bn

31.12.2020 31.12.2019

Economic risk coverage potential 22 24
Economically required capital 14 15
thereof for default risk 10 10
thereof for market risk? 4 4
thereof for operational risk 1 1
thereof diversification effects =D -2
RBC ratio (%)? 159 161

* Including physical asset risk, risk of unlisted investments and the risk buffer for reserve
risk and for the quantification of potential fluctuations in value of goodwill and
intangibles. As a result of the write-down of goodwill, the corresponding risk buffer no
longer applies as at 31 December 2020.

? Including deposit model risk.

3 RBC ratio = economic risk coverage potential/economically required capital (including
risk buffer)

Commerzbank uses macroeconomic stress tests to review the risk-
bearing capacity in the event of assumed adverse changes in the
economic environment. The underlying scenarios take into account

the interdependence of the development of the real economy and.
the financial economy. They are updated quarterly and approved by
the ALCO. The scenarios describe an extraordinary but plausible
adverse development in the economy, focusing in particular on
portfolio priorities (e.g. export-based sectors in Germany) and
business strategies of relevance to Commerzbank. Current adverse
developments (e.g. the coronavirus pandemic) are also taken into
account when creating the scenarios. Stress tests in the economic
perspective cover a time horizon of 12 months. The scenario
simulation is run quarterly at Group level using the input
parameters of the economic capital requirements calculation for all
material and quantifiable risk types. In addition to the capital
required, the income statement is also subjected to a stress test
based on the macroeconomic scenarios. Based on this, changes in
the risk coverage potential are simulated. Whereas the RBC ratio is
embedded into Commerzbank’s limit system, guidelines for risk-
bearing capacity are set as an early warning system in the stressed
environment. The ongoing monitoring of the limits and guidelines
is a key part of internal reporting. Defined escalations are triggered
if the limits are breached.

The risk-bearing capacity and stress testing concept is subject to
an annual internal review and is refined on an ongoing basis. The
development of the regulatory environment is also taken into
account. In addition to the regular stress tests, reverse stress tests
are implemented annually at Group level. Unlike regular stress test-
ing, the result of the simulation — a sustained threat to the Bank — is
determined in advance. The aim of the analysis process in the
reverse stress test is to improve the transparency of Bank-specific
risk potential and interactions of risk by identifying and assessing
extreme scenarios and events. On this basis, for instance, action
fields in risk management including the regular stress tests can be
identified and taken into account in the ongoing development
efforts.

In 2020, the risk-weighted assets resulting from Commerzbank’s
ies decreased from €182bn to €179bn.

The table below gives an overview of the distribution of risk-

business acti

weighted assets, broken down by segment and risk type:


--- Page 41 ---

s Corporate Ri

Risk Report Financial State urther Information
23. Executive summary 2020
124 Risk-oriented overall bank management

Default r

Liqu
Operati¢
Other risks

Risk-weighted assets Default Market Opera Total Default Market — Operatio- Total
€bn risk risk nal risk risk risk nal risk

Private and Small-Business

Customers 40 1 6 47 41 1 5 47
Corporate Clients 75 8 7 90 83 5 96
Others and Consolidation 33 41 29 5 39
Group 148 12 18 179 152 11 19 182

The coronavirus pandemic has plunged the world economy into the
deepest recession since the end of World War II.

In the eurozone, the coronavirus restrictions, which were
tightened from autumn 2020, have once again plunged the
economy into recession. In Germany, the economy will probably
even shrink significantly again in the first quarter of 2021, although
the decline is unlikely to be anywhere near as severe as in spring
2020.

Provided that the coronavirus pandemic does not worsen further,
we anticipate that restrictions will be lifted at least gradually by the
end of March at the latest.

Further information on the effects of the coronavirus pandemic
can be found in the economic report and in the outlook and
opportunities report in the Group Management Report.

Regulatory

environment

With Basel 3, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision
published among other things comprehensive rules on the
components of equity and equity ratios as well as the management
of liquidity risk. The Capital Requirements Directive and Regulation,
constituting the European implementation of Basel 3, has been in
force since 1 January 2014, with the more stringent capital
requirements being phased in up to 2019. Numerous supple-
mentary regulations have since been published by the European
Banking Authority (EBA) in particular, and these will now gradually
enter into force; this will continue in subsequent years. Commerz-
bank has mitigated the more stringent capital adequacy require-
ments by taking a number of steps.

In addition, under Basel 3 the leverage ratio has been introduced
as a new and non-risk-sensitive debt ratio. Commerzbank has set its
own leverage ratio targets and applies them in its capital
management process.

The phasing in of capital buffers is a significant feature of the
Basel 3 revision, which has now been completed. The capital
conservation buffer, the buffer for other systemically relevant
institutions and the countercyclical capital buffer, which the Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) has set at 0% for German
exposures for 2020, have applied since 1 January 2016. The buffer.
for other systemically relevant institutions was reduced by BaFin for
Commerzbank from 1.5% to 1.25% from December 2020.

Liquidity risk is to be monitored by means of the liquidity
coverage ratio (LCR) and the net stable funding ratio (NSFR). The
LCR entered into force on 1 October 2015 and is binding on all
European banks. The final version of the NSFR, which was approved
by the Basel Committee in October 2014, was transposed into
European law as part of the Capital Requirements Regulation II
(CRR ID) and will become binding from June 2021. Commerzbank is
already calculating both ratios as part of its regulatory reporting
processes, communicating them in its internal reporting and
reporting them to the supervisory authority.

The CRR II was published together with the Capital Require-
ments Directive (CRD V) as part of the Risk Reduction Package in
the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. As a
European directive, CRD V requires transposition into national law
within 18 months. The legislation implements, among other things,
the Basel Committee’s requirements on leverage ratio, net stable
funding ratio, provisions on trading book and large exposures, and
the treatment of investment funds. While some provisions are
already directly effective, large parts of the provisions did not finally
enter into force until 2020 or will become binding at a later date. In
addition, numerous specifications have yet to be made by the EBA.

The CRR relief enacted by the EU in 2020 in the wake of the
coronavirus pandemic (“CRR Quick Fix”), such as the early relief for
risk positions with small and medium-sized enterprises, was
implemented accordingly by Commerzbank.

The ECB, in its capacity as the supervisory authority for the
eurozone banks directly supervised by it, conducted the annual
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). Due to the
coronavirus pandemic, the ECB adopted a pragmatic approach to
SREP for SSM banks in 2020. Consequently, the 2019 SREP
decision remains valid for Commerzbank, including the capital and
liquidity requirements set out therein. As part of SREP 2020, the
ECB sent Commerzbank only an “operational letter”, as was
generally intended for all SSM banks, setting out the key
supervisory issues.

A key aim of the ECB project is to harmonise RWA-relevant
models for market, counterparty and credit risk that fall within the
scope of the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM). In particular,
the scope for interpretation permitted by the regulations or arising
due to differences in national application is to be significantly
reduced in future. The relevant guides include rules that are to be
enacted in future and wide-ranging independent interpretations. In

129


--- Page 42 ---

130 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

addition to a thematic inclusion of the “General Topics”, reviews of
the counterparty risk, the internal market risk model and the retail,
mortgage lending, SME, large corporates and bank portfolios were
carried out between 2017 and 2019. Commerzbank has received the
final ECB decisions for market and counterparty risk. Draft
decisions have been received for the other portfolios, and we expect
the final decisions in 2021.

The EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive has been in
force since mid-2014. Responsibility for the drafting of resolution
plans and the resolution of at-risk banks supervised by the ECB was.
transferred to the Single Resolution Board (SRB) in Brussels with
effect from 1 January 2016. At the same time, eurozone banks
started to fund the Single Resolution Fund. The SRB defines the
formal minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities
(MREL) for the banks under its responsibility on a consolidated and
individual basis.

The legal basis for setting MREL and TLAC was revised at
European level and published on 7 June 2019 as part of the Risk
Reduction Package in the form of the Single Resolution Mechanism
Regulation (SRMR II), the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive
Il (BRRD II) and the CRR II. The BRRD II as a European directive
requires implementation into national law within 18 months. The
amendments included, among other things, adjustments to the
calculation logic and, for certain banks, a statutory subordination
requirement for parts of MREL. Most of the new provisions came
into force in December 2020.

The Group-wide recovery plan was updated in 2020 to reflect the
regulatory requirements. The recovery plan describes in detail for
instance the courses of action and recovery potential available to
the Bank in the event of a crisis and which specific recovery

measures, in various stress scenarios, will enable the Bank to
complete its recovery.

Commerzbank operates in markets subject to national and
supranational regulation. In addition, it is subject to the overarching
requirements imposed by accounting standards. Changes in
regulatory requirements and accounting standards have significantly
grown in frequency and materiality in recent years. They may have
lasting implications for the financial industry in general and
Commerzbank’s business model in particular. Commerzbank conti-
nues to participate actively and at an early stage in the consultation
processes aimed at preparing for the constant changes in the
operating environment. It also monitors and evaluates current
developments as regards future regulatory projects. Specific
examples of these at global level are the final standards for revising
capital requirements for market risk now published by the Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision, and the revision of the
framework for operational risk and credit risk, including the
associated floor rules and disclosure requirements (“Basel 4”). At
European level, Commerzbank is monitoring among other things the
implementation of Basel 4 as well as European Commission initia-
tives to introduce a European deposit insurance scheme and
establish a capital markets union.

The regulatory environment also remains challenging with
regard to compliance risks. The focus here remains unchanged on
the subject areas of anti-money laundering (including implement-
tation of the 5th and 6th EU Anti-Money Laundering Directive) and
sanctions. In addition, anti-bribery and corruption (including the
United Kingdom Bribery Act, the United States Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act) and market compliance (amongst others US regula-
tions, such as the Dodd-Frank Act, CFTC Regulations) are putting
further risk types into the regulatory focus.


--- Page 43 ---

To our Shareholders Mana

Default risk

Default risk is defined as the risk of losses sustained or profits
foregone due to the default of a counterparty. It is a quantifiable
material risk and includes the sub-risk types of credit default risk,
issuer risk, counterparty risk, country and transfer risk, dilution risk
and reserve risk.

Strategy and organisation

The credit risk strategy is the sub-risk strategy for default risks and
is derived from the overall risk strategy. It is embedded in the ICAAP
process of the Commerzbank Group and forms a link between the
Bank’s overall risk management across all risk types and the
operationalisation of default risk management. The overriding aim
is to ensure the adequate quality of the credit portfolio. To this end,
the credit risk strategy defines the credit risk tolerance, specifies
risk strategy priorities, provides an overview of the material credit
risk management concepts and thereby plays an integral part in
maintaining the Group’s risk-bearing capacity. The credit risk
strategy makes use of quantitative and qualitative management
tools that give decision-makers clear guidance on both portfolio
management and decisions in specific cases.

Credit risk management is a joint task of the front office and the
risk function, based on a standardised Group-wide credit risk
culture. Impeccable moral and ethical conduct in compliance with
the law and regulations is a key element of a culture of integrity and
core to the credit risk culture. Default risks are assessed against
uniform standards, regardless of segment limits. In line with the
three lines of defence principle, the front office is the first line of
defence and must take risk aspects into account when taking
business decisions. The risk function (back office and Risk
Controlling) is the second line of defence, its fundamental task
being to manage, limit and monitor risks. The third line of defence
is Internal Audit. It is tasked with independently auditing the Bank's
processes and safeguards, and as such also assesses the activities
of the first and second lines of defence.

The Group Credit Committee is the highest decision-making
committee for operative credit risk management, comprising two
representatives each from the back office and front office. It takes
decisions in line with the competencies delegated to it by the full
Board of Managing Directors and is responsible for managing all
credit risks. In so doing, the Group Credit Committee operates on
the basis of the valid credit risk strategy. Reporting to the Group

Financial Statements Further Information

Risk Report

131

Credit Committee are sub-credit committees, which operate on the
basis of their respective rules of procedure and within the
competencies approved by the full Board of Managing Directors.
They comprise at least two representatives from the segments and
two representatives from Group Risk Management. The sub-credit
committees are responsible for managing all credit risks in the sub-
portfolios within their respective remit and are entitled, in turn, to
sub-delegate certain credit decisions within their prescribed
competencies.

Discrete back-office areas are responsible for operational credit
risk management at portfolio level and on a case-by-case basis. The
responsibilities are separated between the performing loan area on
the one hand and Intensive Care on the other. All credit decisions
in the performing loan area are risk/return decisions. The front and
back office take joint responsibility for risk and return from an
exposure, with the front office having primary responsibility for the
return, and the back office for the risk. Accordingly, neither office
can be overruled in its primary responsibility in the credit decision
process.

Higher-risk customers are handled by specia
areas. The customers are moved to these areas as soon as they meet
defined criteria for assignment or mandatory transfer. The principal
reasons for assignment to Intensive Care areas are criteria relating
to number of days overdrawn, together with event-related criteria
such as rating, third-party enforcement measures or credit fraud.
The Intensive Care function decides on further action based on the

ist Intensive Care

circumstances of individual cases. Customers must be transferred
to Intensive Care if they are in default (for example due to
insolvency). This graduated approach ensures that higher-risk
customers can continue to be managed promptly by specialists in a
to the

in defined

involved and

risks

manner appropriate
standardised processes.

Risk management

Commerzbank manages default risk using a comprehensive risk
management system. The management framework comprises an
organisational structure, methods and models, quantitative and
qualitative management tools and regulations and processes. The
risk management system ensures that the entire portfolio and the
sub-portfolios, right down to individual exposure level, are mana-
ged consistently and thoroughly on a top-down basis.

131


--- Page 44 ---

132 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

The ratios and measures required for the operational process of
risk management are based on the overarching Group objectives.
The principle of maintaining a low-risk profile in all business
decisions is closely combined here with the risk function’s aim of
providing the front office with appropriate support. It prefers
business and products with low complexity and pays attention to
the responsiveness of credit lines and exposures.

Quantitative credit risk strategy guidelines limit risks with regard
to poorer credit ratings and exposures with high loss-at-default
contributions (concentration management) and for selected sub-
portfolios with a high risk weight or regulatory importance, and, as
applicable, for individual products with a high portfolio share.
Detailed arrangements for operationalising the guidelines for
selected sub-portfolios are set out in separate portfolio policies. In
addition, qualitative management guidelines in the form of credit
policies define the target business of the Bank. At the level of
individual transactions, they regulate the transaction type for which
the available risk resources are to be used. These credit policies are
firmly embedded in the credit process: transactions which do not
meet the requirements are escalated through a fixed competence
regulation.

Group-wide guiding principles are based on risk-oriented
analyses of trends (e.g. of the development of weaker credit ratings
over time) combined with an assessment of external framework
conditions and internal rules. Risk-oriented analyses on key dates
(e.g. rating profile of individual asset classes) are used in particular
to derive portfolio guiding principles. Trend analyses of product-
specific risk drivers are key factors for determining product guiding
principles (e.g. loan-to-value of mortgage lending). In contrast,
credit and portfolio policies are primarily produced through a multi-

level coordination process involving the product and _ portfolio
managers from the front and back offices, combined with an
assessment of internal and external information sources.

To monitor compliance with credit risk strategic rules,
continuous monitoring and reporting has also been set up at whole
Group level and at segment or sub-portfolio level. Asset quality
reviews by the risk function make an important contribution here to
quality assurance and early risk detection. The key aspects of
monitoring vary according to the subject matter and target audience,
and ad-hoc reporting processes are in place. In addition, crisis events
may pose a risk to the Bank’s capital and liquidity adequacy and
thereby to its risk-bearing capacity. In a crisis, the Risk Mitigation
Task Force will manage decisions flexibly in a coordinated, Group-
wide process. For example, in the context of the current pandemic
the Task Force Corona (TFC) was established at the beginning of
2020 in order to identify effects on the Group portfolio as quickly as
possible and to be able to take countermeasures. As part of the
process, emergency action plans ensure that risk-mitigation
measures are implemented quickly and efficiently.

The avoidance of risk concentrations is a core strategy of risk
management. Risk concentrations are actively managed in order to
identify at an early stage and contain the increased potential for loss
from the synchronous movement of risk positions. In addition to
exposure-related credit risk concentrations (bulk risks), default risk
also includes country and sector concentrations. Segment-specific
features are taken into account here.

Management and the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee are
regularly informed about the results of the analyses.


--- Page 45 ---

Risk Report Financ
23. Executive summar
24 Risk-orientec
131 Default risk

urther Information

Overview of management instruments and levels

Risk strategies

Limit and
guideline systems

Portfolio monitoring
and reporting

Structures of organisation
and committees

Overall risk strategy
plus sub-risk strategies for
significant risk types

Establishment of a general
risk understanding

and creation of a uniform
risk culture

Definition of Group limits
(across all risk types)

for capital and liquidity
management

Additional definition of
guidelines as key points of
the aspired target portfolio

Group Risk & Capital Monitor
plus risk type specific

Group formats (including
flash reporting)

Uniform, consolidated data
repository as basis for Group
reporting

Ensuring exchange of
information and networking
in committees that operate
across alll risk types

Retaining qualified staff in
line with progressive product
innovation or regulatory
adjustments

v

v

v

v

Clear formulation of risk
policy in guidelines
(portfolios, asset classes, etc.)

Differenciated credit authorities
based on compliance of
transactions with the Bank's
risk policy

Performance metrics on
level of risk categories and
sub-portfolios

Expansion of Group-wide
performance metrics

using sub-portfolio-specific
indicators

Portfolio batches as per
established portfolio calendar*

Asset quality review and
analysis of High Attention
Parts (HAP)

Trigger monitoring with clear
escalation and reporting lines

Interdisciplinary composition
of segment committees

Ensuring uniform economic
opinions

v

v

Rating-dependent and
bulk-sensitive credit authority
regulations with

clear escalation processes

Limitation of bulk risk
and uniform management
according to model-
independent all-in definition

Limit monitoring at
individual exposure level

Monthly report to the Board
of Managing Directors on
the development of bulk risks

Review of individual custom-
ers/exposures resulting from
asset quality review or HAP
analyses

Deal team structures

Institutionalized exchange
within the risk function, also
taking account of economic
developments

Sector-wise organization of
domestic corporate business

* The portfolio batches were replaced in 2020 by comprehensive reports to the Supervisory
Board’s Risk Committee on the effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the credit portfolio.

133


--- Page 46 ---

134 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

When the coronavirus pandemic began, the Task Force Corona was.
established as part of crisis management under the leadership of
the Chief Credit Risk Officer. Regular meetings ensure that there is
agreement on the effects of the crisis across the different divisions,
and the full Board of Managing Directors is informed of the results
and decisions. The existing reporting set-up was expanded through
the implementation of comprehensive coronavirus reporting, which
was further developed over time into target-oriented weekly key
figure reporting for the portfolio segments, supplemented by ad hoc
reports and analyses on critical sectors, reports on the development
of loan deferrals and special reporting of early warning indicators.
Exchange formats with the supervisory authorities were established
on a regular basis. For example, there are weekly meetings with the
Joint Supervisory Team (JST) to answer specific questions,
fortnightly meetings between the JST and CFO/CRO, and quarterly
JST meetings with senior management. Workshops were also held
with regulators to clarify specific issues.

Management of economic capital commitment

Economic capital commitment is managed in order to ensure that
the Commerzbank Group holds sufficient capital. To this end, all
relevant risk types in the overall risk strategy for economic risk
capital are given limits on a Group-wide basis, with, in particular, a
CVaR limit being specified. Due to the systematically restricted
options for reducing default risk on a short-term basis, it is
important to take account of expected trends (medium-term and
long-term) in order to manage credit risk. For this reason, forecast
values of credit risk parameters play a key role in ongoing

management. At segment and business area level, changes to
forecasts are monitored and adjustments made when necessary.
There is no cascaded capital limit concept for credit risk below
Group level.

Rating classification

The Commerzbank rating method comprises 25 rating classes for
customers not in default (1.0 to 5.8) and 5 default classes (6.1 to
6.5). The Commerzbank master scale allocates precisely one rating
class, stable over time, to each probability of default. The rating
methods are validated annually and recalibrated where necessary
so that they reflect the latest assessment based on all actual
observed defaults. However, this is possible and expedient amid a
pandemic only to a limited extent, which is why the associated
negative developments will become apparent only with a time lag
in the coming months.

The probability of default ranges assigned to the ratings are the
same for all portfolios. This ensures internal comparability
consistent with the master scale method. For guidance and
indicative purposes, the Commerzbank master scale also shows
external ratings as well as credit quality steps in accordance with
Article 136 CRR. However, a direct reconciliation is not possible,
because external ratings of different portfolios show fluctuating
default rates from year to year.

The credit approval authorities of both individual staff and the
committees (full Board of Managing Directors, Credit Committee,
sub-credit committees) are graduated by a range of factors

including size of exposure and rating class.


--- Page 47 ---

Corporate

Commerzbank master scale

[ma ania ela ere

urther Information

Risk Report Fina
Risk-oriented c
Default risk

Credit quality steps in accordance
with Article 136 CRR"

1.0 0 0 7 A

AAA AAA
12 0.01 0-0.02 > nl
14 0.02 0.02 ~ 0.03 AAt 4

> AA
1.6 0.04 0.03 - 0.05 AA, AA~ 4
- At A
18 0.07 0.05 - 0.08 A ou Investment
- A >
2.0 0.11 0.08 - 0.13 3 s Grade
22 0.17 0.13 - 0.21 BBB+
24 0.26 0.21-0.31
> BBB » ~~ BBB > om
26 0.39 0.31 -0.47
28 0.57 0.47 ~ 0.68 BBB- 4 4 Vv
3.0 0.81 0.68 - 0.96 BB+ a] a] A
3.2 1.14 0.96 - 1.34 > BB Sub-
34 1.56 1.34-1.81 > BB > Iv investment
3.6 2.10 1.81- 2.40 > grade
3.8 2.74 2.40 = 3.10 BB 4 4
4.0 3.50 3.10 - 3.90 Be 7 7 A
42 4.35 3.90 - 4.86
44 5.42 4.86 - 6.04 B > Pv Non-
46 6.74 6.04 - 7.52
investment

48 8.39 7.52 -9.35

Be grade
5.0 10.43 9.35 - 11.64 4 4
5.2 12.98 11.64 - 14.48 7 7
5.4 16.15 14.48 - 18.01 cece cee

‘ - vi

5.6 20.09 18.01 - 22.41 ccc, ccc. >

ccc ccc
58 47.34 22.41 - 99.99 2 2
61 > 90 days past due
6.2 Imminent insolvency
63 Restructuring with recapitalisation D Default
64 Termination without insolvency
65 Insolvency

CRR = Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No 575/2013.

Risk mitigation

The collateral taken into account in risk management changed in
the period under review from €114.1bn to €121.2bn for positions
in the Group’s performing portfolio and from €1.0bn to €1.2bn for
positions in the default portfolio.

Commerzbank mitigates credit risk through various measures
including collateral and netting procedures.

Types of collateral include in particular land charges, financial
collateral, guarantees, indemnities, credit derivatives, life insurance

policies, other registered liens and other physical collateral.

There have been no visible effects of the coronavirus pandemic
on the market values of typical loan collateral (especially real estate)
to date; with the exception of aircraft, no further portfolio-based
haircuts have been factored in.

The Bank takes account of credit risk mitigation effects from the
acceptance of recognisable warranties
claims on third parties) by using the guarantor’s risk parameters
(PD and LGD) and/or, in the case of the CRSA, the regulatory risk
weightings.

(guarantees, comparable

135


--- Page 48 ---

136 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

As at the reporting date, no loan loss provisions were created for
transactions with a total volume of €6.0bn (31 December 2019:
€5.5bn), as these are entirely collateralised.

Where eligible from a regulatory point of view, guarantors are
subject to a creditworthiness check and rating assignment based on
their sector and business as part of the assessment of their
declaration of liability. The aim of the creditworthiness check is to
establish the guarantor’s creditworthiness and maximum solvency.

The quality of the collateralisation is rigorously checked in line
with regulatory requirements and monitored on an ongoing basis.
This includes in particular checks on legal enforceability and
regular measurement of the collateral, carried out at appropriate
intervals depending on the type of collateral, at least annually or on
an event-driven basis. Positive correlations between the debtor’s
creditworthiness and the value of the collateral or guarantee are
defined in the credit and collateral processing process; collateral
instruments affected are not counted. Collateral processing is
performed outside the front office.

The Bank analyses all credit collateral (physical and personal
collateral) for evidence of collateral concentrations. The analysis
includes checks on various dimensions such as collateral categories,
the borrower's rating classes or regional allocations of collateral.
The full Board of Managing Directors receives regular information
in respect of the above dimensions about changes in the collateral
pool and possible issues/concentrations.

The measurement and processing of collateral is governed by
generally applicable standards and collateral-specific instructions
instructions). Collateral

(guidelines, process descriptions, IT

agreements are legally reviewed; standard agreements and
templates are used where possible. The standards established to

hedge or mitigate credit risk include:

e Legal and operational standards for documentation and data
collection and measurement standards.

e Standards to ensure the uniformity and timeliness of collateral
measurement through the definition of measurement processes,

methods, and defined

collateral discounts, clear definition of competences and

uniform measurement parameters
responsibility for the processing and measurement process, and
regular remeasurement frequencies.

e Other standards to take account of specific risks such as
operational risk, correlation and concentration risk, market price

change risk (e.g. due to currency fluctuations), country risk,
legal and legal change risk and the risk of inadequate insurance
coverage.

Commerzbank Group

Commerzbank focuses its business on two customer segments,
Private and Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients. In the
fourth quarter of 2020, Commerzbank successfully completed the
full acquisition of comdirect bank Aktiengesellschaft. On 2 Novem-
ber 2020, the merger was entered in the commercial register of
Commerzbank and thus became effective.

The coronavirus pandemic has plunged the world economy into
the deepest recession since the end of World War II.

In the eurozone, the coronavirus restrictions, which were
tightened from autumn 2020, have once again plunged the economy
into recession. In Germany, the economy will probably even shrink
significantly again in the first quarter of 2021, although the decline
is unlikely to be anywhere near as severe as in spring 2020.

The negative economic development expected at the end of the
year has been taken into account in the risk result, primarily by
means of a top-level adjustment as well as adjustments of models.
For the most part, this negative trend is not yet perceptible in the
remaining risk figures, as it will only become noticeable here with
a time lag over the course of the following months.

Since the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic, governments
and institutions have been intervening on an unprecedented scale,
providing liquidity, support and assistance programmes. In the
fourth quarter of 2020, there was only moderate customer demand
for KfW loans — a large proportion of the initial enquiries in the
corporate sector have not yet been drawn upon. The vast majority
of deferrals were terminated on schedule in the third quarter of
2020, with approximately 97% of deferral customers resuming
payments without disruption. So far, only limited effects of the
second lockdown have been observed.

Credit risk parameters

The credit risk parameters in the Commerzbank Group are
distributed in the rating classes 1.0 to 5.8 over the segments as
follows:


--- Page 49 ---

ur Shar Corporate Responsibili Manag

Risk Report nancial Stat urther Information

23 Exec n
24° Risk-orien|

131. Default risk

Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected Risk CVaR Exposure Expected Risk  CVaR
at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €m €bn €m bp €m

Private and Small-Business Customers 190 401 21 2,025 178 425 24 2,207

Corporate Clients 180 430 24 4,647 184 473 26 4,607

Others and Consolidation’ 96 141 15 2,721 83 120 14 3,003

Group 466 971 21 9,393 445 1,017 23 9,817

* Mainly liquidity portfolios of Treasury and, since 1 July 2019, the remaining portfolios of the dissolved ACR segment.

For the most part of the risk figures, this negative economic
development due to the coronavirus pandemic is not yet perceptible,
as it will only become noticeable here with a time lag over the

Rating breakdown EaD | % 1.0-1.8 2.0-2.8

3.0-3.8 4.0-4.8 5.0-5.8

course of the following months. When broken down on the basis of
PD ratings, 85% of the Group’s portfolio is in the internal rating
classes 1 and 2, which comprise investment grade.

31.12.2019

1.0-1.8 2.0-2.8 3.0-3.8 4.0-4.8 5.0-5.8

Private and Small-Business Customers 32 52 13 3 1 31 51 14 3 1
Corporate Clients 20 59 16 4 2 20 60 16 3 2
Others and Consolidation 56 41 3 0 0 51 46 3 1 0
Group 32 53 12 2 1 30 54 13 2 1

sment covers both transfer risks and

The Group’s country risk ass

event risks driven by political and economic events which impact
on the individual economic entities of a country. Country risks are

managed on the basis of transfer risk limits defined at country level.

Country exposures which are significant for Commerzbank due to
their size are handled by the Credit Committee on a separate basis.

The regional breakdown of the exposure corresponds to the
Bank’s strategic direction and reflects the main areas of its global

business activities.

Group portfolio Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
by region at default loss density at default loss density
€bn €m bp €bn €m bp
Germany 248 415 17 235 526 22
Western Europe 102 238 23 90 191 21
Central and Eastern Europe 51 207 41 49 207 42
North America Be) 46 14 34 32 9
Asia 24 34 15 27 32 12
Other 10 31 31 10 29 29
Group 466 971 21 445 1,017 23
More than half of the Bank’s exposure relates to Germany, another Risk result

third to other countries in Europe, 7% to North America and 5% to

Asia. The rest is broadly diversified and is split among a large

number of countries where we serve German exporters in particular
or where Commerzbank has a local presence. The expected loss of
the Group portfolio is mainly divided between Germany and the

other European countries.

The risk result relating to the Group's lending business in 2020
amounted to €-1,748m (prior-year period: €-620m).

The following table shows the breakdown of the risk result by
stage according to IFRS 9. In Note (32) of the Group financial
statements (credit risks and credit losses) details regarding the
stages can be found; in Note (11) (risk result) the definition of the
risk result can be found.

137


--- Page 50 ---

138

Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

Any fluctuations in the market values of fair value loans are not
recognised in the risk result. They are recognised in the net income

from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through
profit or loss.

2019

Risk result | €m Stage1 Stage2' Stage 31 Total Stage1 Stage2' Stage3' —‘Total
Private and Small-Business Customers -9 = 183 = 369 =562 =21 -9 = 224 =254
Corporate Clients =35 =355 =690  -1,081 20 38 =400 =342
Asset & Capital Recovery = = = = 0 2 =25 -24
Others and Consolidation -6 5 =106 =106 -6 57 -52 0
Group =50 -533-1,165 —_- 1,748 -6 88 -701 -620

* Including allocated risk result from POCI (POCI ~ purchased or originated credit-impaired)

The risk result increased significantly compared with the previous
year. The main reasons for this are effects of the coronavirus
pandemic totalling €-961m (of which €-505m are in the form of a
top-level adjustment, hereinafter referred to as a “TLA”) and the
default of a large exposure in the Corporate Clients segment in the
second quarter of 2020.

Against the background of the coronavirus pandemic, Commerz-
bank included a TLA in the risk result as at 31 December 2020. The
amount of €-170m already included during the year was subject to
a review at this reporting date. The portion of the TLA amounting
to €-23m which was recognised in the third quarter because of the
necessary adjustment to point-in-time parameters was no longer
necessary in the fourth quarter. The parameters underlying this
amount were implemented and are included in the model result
from the standard process. In the risk result, the release of the
partial TLA is therefore offset by corresponding charges. The
assumptions regarding increased probabilities of default compared
with the model result were updated to take account of developments.
as at the reporting date. In particular, the impact of the new
comprehensive lockdown measures, which became necessary due
to the high number of infections at the turn of the year, was taken
into account. In addition, a further increase in point-in-time
parameters was included. Overall, compared with the third quarter
(after reversal of the partial amount of €23m for the PiT factors
implemented in the fourth quarter), this resulted in a TLA increase
of €-359m, of which €-10m resulted from the parameter adjust-
ment of the PiT factors in the fourth quarter. The addition is mainly
attributable to the Corporate Clients segment. The new TLA for the
Group amounts to €-505m. The necessity and adequacy of the TLA.
will be reviewed again at the next reporting date. In this context,
materially important considerations will be the extent to which the
ratings-based model result reflects the expected effects in the
meantime, or whether expectations have changed as a result of
current developments (for details on the adjustment, see also Note
32 of the Group financial statements (Credit risks and credit losses)).

Further drivers of the risk result in the reporting period are
addressed in the following explanatory notes on the segments.

Key assumptions in our estimate of the impact of the cris
default probabilities were the assumption that the lockdown

is on

measures in Europe, and in Germany in particular, would be eased.
at least progressively by the end of March at the latest, so that there
would be an economic recovery in the spring.

Given the uncertainty of the further development of the
pandemic we expect a risk result of between €-0.8bn and €-1.2bn.
for 2021.

Default portfolio

The Group's default portfolio increased by €1,060m in 2020 and
stood at €4,795m as at the end of the year. The increase compared
to the previous year is mainly due to the default of relatively large
individual counterparties as well as subsequent effects from the
application of the new default definition.

The following breakdown of the default portfolio shows the
claims in the default portfolio in the amortised cost and fair value
OCI (other comprehensive income) categories. The loans are
assigned almost exclusively to the amortised cost category, of
which by far the greatest share of €4.6bn (31 December 2019:
€3.5bn) relates to the loans and receivables class and €211m
(31 December 2019: €187m) to off-balance sheet transactions. As
at 31 December 2020 there were no defaulted securities assigned
to the securitised debt instruments class (31 December 2019: €-m
fair value OCI category). The collateral shown shall be liable to the
full extent for loans in the amortised cost category, with €1,136m
(31 December 2019: €940m) relating to loans and receivables and
€31m (31 December 2019: €27m) to off-balance sheet transactions.

The default portfolio of loans in the fair value OCI category
amounts to €4m (31 December 2019: €1m).


--- Page 51 ---

ur Shareholdi Corporate Responsibili Manag t Risk Report nancial Statement urther Information 139
23. Exec nary 202
24. Risk-oriented overall bank managemer
131 Default risk
Lig
2 Operational risk
Dther risk
Default portfolio Group | €m Loans Securities Total Loans Securities Total
Default portfolio 4,792 3 4,795 3,735 0 3,735
LLP? 2,272 0 2,272 1,745 0 1,745
Coverage ratio excluding collateral (%)? 47 = 47 47 - 47
Collateral 1,168 0 1,168 968 0 968
Coverage ratio including collateral (%)? 72 = 72 73 - 73
NPE ratio (%)2 1.0 0.9

* Loan loss provisions.
2 Coverage ratio: LLP (and collateral) as a proportion of the default portfolio.

3 NPE ratio: default portfolio (non-performing exposures ~ NPE) as a proportion of total exposures (EaD including NPE) according to EBA Risk Dashboard.

Commerzbank uses the definition in Article 178 CRR as the criterion
for default. The EBA guidelines on the application of the definition
of default referred to in Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013
are taken into account (except mBank). The default portfolio is
divided into the following 5 classes based on the nature of the
default:

e Rating class 6.1: Over 90 days past due.

Rating classes 6.2/6.3: Unlikely-to-pay, or the Bank is assisting
in financial rescue or distressed restructuring at the customer by
making concessions.

Rating classes 6.4/6.5: The Bank recalls the loan and the

customer has become insolvent respectively.

The table below shows the breakdown of the default portfolio

based on the 5 rating classes:

Group rating classification | €m 6.1 6.2/6.3 6.4/6.5 Total 6.1 6.2/6.3 6.4/6.5 Total
Default portfolio 759 1,924 2,112 4,795 522 1,312 1,901 3,735
LLP 350 691 1,231 2,272 252 476 1,016 1,745
Collateral 333 416 419 1,168 214 353 401 968
Coverage ratio including collateral (%) 90 58 78 72 Er) 63 75 73

Overdrafts in the performing loan book

In order to avoid an increase in the default portfolio, overdrafts are
closely monitored at Commerzbank. In addition to the 90 days-past-
due trigger event, IT-based management of overdrafts starts on the

first day the account is overdrawn. The table below shows.
overdrafts outside the default portfolio based on the exposure at
default as at the end of December 2020. The changes may also be
due to short-term overdrafts:

31.12.2019
EaD >0530 >30<60 >60<90 >90 days Total >0<30 >30<60 >60590 >90days Total
€m days days days days days days
Private and Small-
Business Customers 834 82 27 1 954 1,040 169 51 2 1,262
Corporate Clients 1,823 19 19 42 1,903 3,946 182 0 0 4,128
Group" 2,657 101 46 53 2,857 4,986 351 51 2 5,390

"Including Others and Consolidation,


--- Page 52 ---

140

Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

Private and Small-Business Customers segment

The Private and Small-Business Customers segment (PSBC)
comprises the activities of Private Customers, Small-Business
Customers, comdirect and Commerz Real. mBank is also shown in
the Private and Small-Business Customers segment. Private
Customers includes Commerzbank’s branch business in Germany
for private customers as well as Wealth Management. Small-
Business Customers comprises business customers and small
corporate customers.

The focus of the portfolio is on traditional owner-occupied home
financing and the financing of real estate capital investments
(residential mortgage loans and investment properties with a total
EaD of €95bn). We provide our business and small-business

customers with credit in the form of individual loans with a volume
of €25bn. In addition, we meet our customers’ day-to-day demand
for credit with consumer loans (overdrafts, instalment loans and
credit cards, to a total of €16bn). The portfolio’s expansion in the
last 12 months was largely due to residential mortgage loans.

Compared with December 2019, the risk density of the portfolio
decreased by 3 basis points to 21 basis points. There is currently no
sign of increased risk in the portfolio. The increased risk for the
Small-Business Customers sub-portfolio is not yet reflected in the
portfolio performance at present, as the ratings are partly lagging
the effects of the crisis. We have taken this into account in the risk
result by posting a TLA (for details, see Note 32 (Credit risks and
credit losses)).

Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Private Customers 114 149 13 104 159 15
Small-Business Customers 34 60 18 31 73 23
comdirect 2 8 44 3 7 23
Commerz Real 0 16 1 2 43
mBank 41 184 45 39 183 47
PSBC 190 401 21 178 425 24

The risk result in the Private and Small-Business Customers segment
€-562m in the 2020 financial
€-254m). The increase is largely due to effects from the coronavirus
pandemic, which totalled €-273m in the reporting period (of which
€-73m for mBank). €-129m of the higher negative impact on the
Commerzbank portfolio year-on-year resulted primarily from the
addition to the TLA (of which €-44m in the fourth quarter), which is
almost entirely attributable to the Small-Business Customers

was year (previous year:

portfolio. In addition, increases in point-in-time parameters, which
were also induced by the pandemic, as well as changed
macroeconomic expectations had a negative impact.

mBank’s loan loss provisions, likewise influenced by the effects
of the coronavirus pandemic, are at €-276m, significantly above the

previous year’s figure of €-168m.

Another reason for the year-on-year increase in loan loss
provisions was the new definition of default that has been applied
at Commerzbank since the end of November 2019. Partly due to the
three-month probation period, this leads to an increase in the
default portfolio with corresponding risk provisioning. In addition,
the risk result for 2019 included a reversal of €10m of loan loss
provisions at Commerz Real, as well as higher recoveries on recei-
vables already written off.

The default portfolio in the segment stood at €2,041m as at the
reporting date (31December 2019: €1,795m). The increase
compared with year-end 2019 is due to a rise of €99m in the mBank
default portfolio and effects arising from the application of the new
definition of default.


--- Page 53 ---

To our Shareholde Corporate R

t Risk Report
23 E
24 Risk-orien

131. Default risk

urthe

Information

Default portfolio PSBC | €m Loans _ Securities Total Loans _ Securities Total
Default portfolio 2,041 0 2,041 1,795 0 1,795
LLP 969 0 969 395 0 395
Coverage ratio excluding collateral (%) 47 = 47 50 = 50
Collateral 727 0 727 575 0 575
Coverage ratio including collateral (%) 83 = 83 82 = 82

Corporate Clients segment

The Corporate Clients segment (CC) comprises the Group’s
activities with mid-size corporate clients, the public sector,
institutional customers and multinational corporates. The segment

is also responsible for the Group’s relationships with banks and
financial institutions in Germany and abroad, as well as with central
banks. The regional focus of our activities is on Germany and
Western Europe. The Group’s customer-oriented capital markets
activities are also bundled in this segment.

Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected isk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Mittelstand 80 189 24 79 257 33
International Corporates 64 155, 24 68 112 16
Financial Institutions 20 57 28 20 54 27
Other 16 29 18 7 49 29
cc 180 430 24 184 473 26

The EaD of the Corporate Clients segment decreased from €184bn.
to €180bn compared with 31 December of the previous year. Risk
density decreased from 26 basis points to 24 basis points.

For details of developments in the Financial Institutions portfolio,
please see page 142f.

The risk result for the Corporate Clients segment in the 2020
financial year was €-1,081m (previous year: €-342m). The segment
was considerably impacted by the effects of the coronavirus
pandemic totalling €-635m. These result on the one hand from the
recognition of the TLA attributable to the segment in the amount of
€-373m, of which €-313m was added in the fourth quarter with an
effect on income. The requirement for a significant adjustment to
the TLA resulted primarily from the new assumptions for industries/

sub-portfolios for which direct effects are expected from the second
lockdown. Relevant examples are tourism/hotels and retail. Other
coronavirus effects impacted relatively large individual counter-
parties where the effects of the cri:

is were the main reason for

default or which required an increase in existing risk provisions.
The segment’s risk result was also weighed down by the default of
a large individual exposure in the second quarter.

The default portfolio in the segment stood at €2,334m as at the
end of the year (31 December 2019: €1,707m). The increase
compared to the previous year was mainly due to defaults on larger
exposures, especially in the second quarter.

Default portfolio CC | €m Loans Securities Total Loans _ Securities Total
Default portfolio 2,331 3 2,334 1,707 0 1,707
LLP 1,106 0 1,106 755 0 755,
Coverage ratio excluding collateral (%) 47 - 47 44 - 44
Collateral 402 0 402 306 0 306
Coverage ratio including collateral (Y%) 65 - 65 62 - 62

141


--- Page 54 ---

142

Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

The risk result in the Others and Consolidation segment was
€-106m in the 2020 financial year (previous year: €-24m) after
assignment of the Asset & Capital Recovery segment. The driver of

the increase versus the previo ear was the coronavirus-related

negative performance of a portfolio exposure, which required an
increase in the existing risk provisions, as well as another
significant individual case. The TLA for the segment was €-3m, of
which €-1m was added in the fourth quarter with an effect on
income.

Further portfolio analyses"

The analyses below are independent of the existing segment

allocation. The positions shown are already contained in full in the

Group and segment presentations above.

Corporates portfolio by sector

Overall, the German industrial sectors are affected differently by the
coronavirus pandemic and the fundamental structural challenges
that are independent of it.

For example, there are sectors that are affected by the crisis, but
which are otherwise facing only minor structural challenges, such
as the construction sector. Other industries, on the other hand,
already faced structural challenges before the pandemic began:
stationary retail, the automotive industry and the metal industry, for
example. The German metal industry was already grappling ahead
of the coronavirus pandemic with the price increase of up to 25%
as a result of punitive tariffs imposed by the US government, for
example, and was also partially affected by the slump in the demand
sectors that are relevant to it. However, there are also sectors that
are only exposed to a limited extent to the effects of both economic
structural change and the coronavirus pandemic. These include,
among others, the information and communications industry as well
as sectors that are essential for basic services for the population (e.g.
energy, water and waste management). The sectors particularly
affected by the pandemic include the bricks-and-mortar retail trade,
the catering and events industry, the hotel industry, tourism and
airlines.

A breakdown of the corporates exposure by sector is shown
below.

Corporates portfolio by sector Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Energy supply/Waste management 22 73 33 21 82 40
Consumption 15 51 34 15 49 34
Technology/Electrical industry 14 35 25 15 31 21
Transport/Tourism 12 56 45 12 37 31
Wholesale 12 2B 35 14 47 35
Basic materials/Metals 10 28 27 1 46 a1
Services/Media 10 34 34 10 28 27
Automotive 10 39 a1 10 38 39
Chemicals/Plastics 9 23 26 9 46 49
Mechanical engineering 8 31 37 9 26 29
Construction 6 7 31 6 16 28
Pharma/Healthcare 5 22 41 5 9 20
Other 6 7 1 7 14 21
Total 141 460 33 142 470 33

Financial Institutions portfolio

Our network of correspondent banks continued to focus on trade
finance activities on behalf of our corporate customers and on
capital market activities. In derivatives, we enter into trades with
selected counterparties under the European Market Infrastructure
Regulation (EMIR) standards.

We continue to keep a close watch on the impact of regulatory
requirements on banks. In this context, we continue to pursue our:
strategy of holding as few exposures as possible which might
absorb losses in the event of a bail-in of an affected institution.

We are keeping a close eye on developments in various countries
affected by specific issues such as recessions, embargoes and
economic uncertainty caused by political events (e.g. trade wars) and
are responding with flexible portfolio management that is tailored to
the individual situation of each country. This applies in particular to
s pandemic and oil price

the upheaval resulting from the coronavirt
developments, which will have a major impact on the operating
environment of our correspondent banks in both industrialised and
developing countries. Overall, our risk appetite is geared to keeping
the portfolio as responsive as possible.


--- Page 55 ---

Shar Id Corporate R isibilit Manageme Risk Report urther Information

bu ghee os

131 Default risk
81220200 31.12.2019

FI portfolio by region Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density _at default loss density
€bn €m bp €bn €m bp
Germany 6 7 1 6 4 7
Western Europe 16 13 8 15 11 8
Central and Eastern Europe 2 12 60 3 15 55
North America 3 1 2 2 0 2
Asia 7 22 32 9 19 22
Other 5 18 37 5 19 38
Total 39 72 18 40 70 18

Non-Bank Financial Institutions portfolio
The Non-Bank Financial Institutions (NBFI) portfolio mainly
comprises insurance companies, asset managers, regulated funds
and central counterparties. Business activities are focused on
Germany, Western Europe, the United States and Asia.
Commerzbank conducts new business with NBFIs partly in
consideration of regulatory requirements (clearing via central
counterparties) and partly in the interests of our institutional
customers, with a focus on attractive opportunities with customers

with good credit ratings and valuable security. We manage our

portfolios with the aim of ensuring their high quality and
responsiveness. We are keeping a close eye on risks stemming from.
global with flexible portfolio

management that is tailored to the individual situation. The main

events and are responding
focus at present is the upheaval caused by the coronavirus
pandemic, which is having an impact on the operating environment
of NBFI customers. We currently expect knock-on effects from this,
but these should be manageable for the affected parties, especially
in light of the aid packages being implemented by the government

to support the real economy, despite the considerable challenges.

NBFI portfolio by region Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Germany 7 18 10 18 38 21
Western Europe 12 23 19 12 23 20
Central and Eastern Europe 2 12 53 2 19 100
North America 9 11 11 9 12 13
Asia 2 2 12 2 2 13
Other 1 4 55 1 2 23
Total 44 71 16 43 96 22

Originator positions
Commerzbank has in recent years securitised receivables from
loans to the Bank’s customers with a current volume of €12.3bn for
capital management purposes (31 December 2019: €5.4bn).

As at the reporting date 31 December 2020, risk exposures with
a value of €10.2bn were retained (31 December 2019: €5.0bn). By
far the largest share of all positions was accounted for by €10.0bn

(31 December 2019: €4.8bn) on senior tranches, which are almost
entirely rated good to very good.

In the fourth quarter Commerzbank issued the two transactions
CoCo Finance III-4 with a volume of €1.9bn and CoCo Finance II-3
with a volume of €6.0bn. The securitised assets are receivables from
European, mainly German, companies.

We do not see any impacts from the coronavirus pandemic on
risk positions in the reporting period of 2020.

143


--- Page 56 ---

144 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

Commerzbank volume’

Securitisation pool | €bn Maturity Senior Mezzanine First loss piece ‘Total volume’,
Corporates 2025 — 2036 10.0 <0.1 0.2 12.3
Total 31.12.2020 10.0 <01 0.2 12.3
Total 31.12.2019 4.8 <0.1 0.2 5.4

» Tranches/retentions (nominal): banking and trading book.

Conduit exposure and other asset-backed exposures
The Bank provides financing to securitise receivables, in particular
trade and leasing receivables, from customers in the Corporate
Clients segment. In this context, Commerzbank acts mainly as an
arranger of asset-backed securities transactions via the
Commerzbank-sponsored multi-seller conduit Silver Tower. The
volume and risk values for the securitisation of receivables in the
Corporate Clients segment rose by €0.1bn to €3.6bn in 2020.
Liquidity risk subsumes the risk that Commerzbank will be
unable to meet its payment obligations on a day-to-day basis.

Liquidity risks from securitisations are modelled in the internal

liquidity risk model In the case of

transactions subject to variable utilisation, it is assumed that the

on a risk-adjusted basis.

purchase facilities provided to the special-purpose companies must
be refinanced almost in full by Commerzbank for the duration of
their term and until the maturity of the last financed receivable.
Securitisations only qualify as liquid assets if they are eligible for
rediscount at the European Central Bank. These positions are only
included in the liquidity risk calculation after risk-adjusted
discounts are applied.

The other asset-backed exposures mainly comprise government-
guaranteed asset-backed securities (ABS) held by Commerzbank
Finance & Covered Bond S.A. and Commerzbank AG in Germany.
Over the course of 2020 the volume rose to €4.4bn (December 2019:
€4.2bn), as did the risk values! at €4.4bn (December 2019: €4.2bn).

There are also investments in the Structured Credit area. The
volume of new investments entered into since 2014 stood at €5.9bn
(December 2019: €4.9bn). We have invested in bonds of senior
tranches of securitisation transactions in the consumer (auto) ABS,
UK RMBS and CLO asset classes, which have a robust structure and
a moderate risk profile. At 31 December 2020 this portfolio solely
contained AAA-rated CLO positions (also the case at the end of
2019). Remaining structured credit positions with a volume of
€0.3bn were already in the portfolio prior to 2014 (December 2019:
€0.7bn), while risk values stood at €0.2bn (December 2019: €0.3bn).

Forbearance portfolio
The EBA’s definition of forbearance comprises two requirements,
which have to be met concurrently: the debtor is in financial
difficulties and the measures of the bank to help the debtor include
concessions to the debtor that the bank would not have agreed to
under different circumstances. Examples of concessions include
deferrals, increases in limits or loans and waivers in connection with
restructuring. The definition of forbearance applies independently
of whether the debtor is in the performing or the non-performing
portfolio.

The following tables show Commerzbank’s total forbearance
portfolio on the basis of the EBA definition as well as the loan loss
provisions for these positions:

Forbearance portfolio by segment Forborne LLP LLP Forborne LLP LLP
ratio ratio

€m €m % €m €m %

Private and Small-Business Customers 1,091 201 18 1,007 198 20
Corporate Clients 2,215 377 17 1,556 178 11
Others and Consolidation 298 156 53 176 78 45
Group 3,604 735 20 2,739 454 7

1 Risk value is the balance sheet value of cash instruments. For long CDS positions, it comprises the nominal value of the reference

instrument less the net present value of the credit derivative.


--- Page 57 ---

To our Share Corpor

The forbearance portfolio by region is as follows:

Risk Report urther Information

Other risks

Forbearance portfolio by region Forborne LLP LLP Forborne LLP LLP
ratio ratio

€m €m % €m €m %

Germany 1,912 376 20 1,587 189 12
Western Europe 745 48 6 218 6 3
Central and Eastern Europe 866 301 35 873 257 29
North America 2 1 6 0 2
Asia 3) 2 47 6 2 26
Other 76 9 12 48 1 1
Group 3,604 735 20 2,739 454 7

In April last year, the EBA established a relief regime in relation to
public and private payment moratoria in the context of the
coronavirus pandemic. These payment moratoria do not trigger the
classification as forbearance or distressed restructuring if the
measures taken are based on applicable national law or on an
industry-wide private initiative agreed and widely applied by the
credit institutions involved.

Commerzbank also granted
moratoria in the second and third quarters of 2020 with terms of

its customers corresponding

Market risk

Market risk is the risk of potential financial losses due to changes
in market prices (interest rates, commodities, credit spreads,
exchange rates and equity prices) or in parameters that affect
prices such as volatilities and correlations. Losses may impact
profit or loss directly, e.g. in the case of trading book positions.
However, for banking book positions they are generally reflected
in the revaluation reserve or in hidden liabiliti

Strategy and organisation

Commerzbank’s market risk strategy is derived from its overall risk
strategy and the business strategies of the individual segments. It
sets targets for market risk management in relation to Commerz-
bank’s main business activities. The core market risk management
tasks are the identification of all material market risks and drivers of
market risk and the independent measurement and evaluation of
these. The results and estimates serve as the basis for risk/return-
oriented management.

three to six months. The vast majority of borrowers resumed

payment of their instalments on time after the end of the deferral
period.

The increase in forbearance exposure in 2020 of around €850m
took place almost exclusively in the fourth quarter of 2020 and was.
mainly driven by relatively large individual cases.

In addition to the LLP of €735m (31 December 2019: €454m),
the ri

in the forbearance portfolio are covered by collateral
totalling €1,032m (31 December 2019: €816m).

The Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank is respon-
sible for ensuring the effective management of market risk through-
out the Commerzbank Group. Specific levels of authority and
responsibility in relation to market risk management have been
assigned to the appropriate market risk committees.

Various market risk committees have been established within the

Bank. In these, segment representatives, along with representatives.
from the risk function and finance area, discuss current risk
positioning issues and decide on appropriate action. Chaired by the
risk function, the Group Market Risk Committee, which meets

ition.

monthly, deals with the Commerzbank Group’s market risk po
Discussions centre on the monthly market risk report, which is also

presented to the Board of Managing Directors for their consideration.

The report summarises the latest developments on financial markets,
the Bank’s positioning and related risk ratios. The Segment Market
Risk Committee focuses on the Corporate Clients segment and the

Group Treasury division.

145


--- Page 58 ---

146 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

The risk management process involves the identification,
measurement, management and monitoring of risks and reporting
on them. It is the responsibility in functional terms of market risk
management, which is independent of trading activities. Central
market risk management is complemented by decentralised market
risk management units at segment level and for regional units and
subsidiaries. The close integration of central and local risk manage-
ment with the business units means that the risk management
process starts in the trading areas themselves. The trading units are
responsible in particular for the active management of market risk
positions, e.g. reduction measures or hedging.

Risk management

Commerzbank uses a wide range of quantitative and qualitative
tools to manage and monitor market risk. Quantitative limits for
sensitivities, value at risk, stress tests, scenario analyses and ratios
on economic capital limit the market risk. Our comprehensive
rulebook, in the form of market risk policies and guidelines as well
as restrictions on portfolio structure, new products, maturities and
minimum ratings, establishes the qualitative framework for market
risk management. The market risk strategy lays down the weighting
of figures in each segment by reference to their relevance. Thereby
allowance is made for the varying impact of the parameters for the
management of the segments in line with the business strategy.

Market risk is managed internally at Group level, segment level
and in each segment’s reporting units. A comprehensive internal
limit system broken down to portfolio level is implemented and
forms a core part of internal market risk management.

The quantitative and qualitative factors limiting market risk are
determined by the market risk committees by reference to the
Group’s management of economic capital. The utilisation of these
limits, together with the relevant net income figures, is reported
daily to the Board of Managing Directors and the responsible heads
of the Group divisions. Based on qualitative analyses and
quantitative ratios, the market risk function identifies potential
future risks, anticipates potential financial losses in collaboration
with the finance function, and draws up proposals for further action,
which are discussed with the front office units. Voting on the

proposed measures or risk positions takes place in the above-
mentioned market risk committees and is subsequently submitted
to the Board of Managing Directors for approval.

Risk concentrations are restricted directly using specific limits
or are indirectly avoided, for example, using stress test limits. In
addition, the combination of various conventional risk measures
(e.g. VaR, sensitivities) ensures the appropriate management of
concentration risks. Furthermore, risk drivers are analysed on a
regular basis in order to identify concentrations. The risk
management of existing concentrations is also reviewed using
situation-driven analyses and, where necessary, supplemented by
targeted measures such as limits.

Any limits that are breached are handled in a separate escalation
procedure. After a limit breach has been identified, the front office
and risk units design adequate countermeasures. If the limit breach
cannot be remedied within a reasonable period, it will be escalated
by the market risk function to the next hierarchical level.

Regulatory risk measures that are not included in economic risk-
bearing capacity are limited and managed separately. These include,
for example, stressed VaR and incremental risk charge.

In internal management, all positions relevant to market risk are
covered, and trading and banking book positions are jointly
managed. In addition, for regulatory purposes the trading book is
managed separately (in accordance with regulatory requirements,
including currency and commodity risks in the banking book) and
interest rate risks in the banking book are managed on a stand-
alone basis. In order to provide a consistent presentation in this
report, all figures relating to VaR are based on a confidence level
of 99%, a holding period of one day, equally weighted market data
and a 254-day history.

The change in the figures in 2020 was driven by the exception-
ally sharp market movements in the context of the coronavirus
pandemic and its economic impact. Due to a changed management
approach at group level, the Group opts not to present a VaR for the
overall book as this would not be comparable with the information
in the previous reports. Essentially, risks from the pension funds
and risks from unlisted equity investments were included in the
current analysis at group level. Previously, the VaR values of these
two portfolios were considered separately for internal risk manage-
ment purposes.


--- Page 59 ---

To our Share

Trading book

Below, we show how the regulatory market risk ratios of the trading
book portfolio developed. Most of Commerzbank’s trading book
positions derive from the Corporate Clients segment and Group
Treasury division. The VaR figures comprise all risks in the internal
VaR model. Commerzbank subsidiaries use standardised approaches
for their regulatory capital calculation under partial use rules. These
figures are not contained in the VaR figures shown in this report.
The VaR rose from €6m to €12m in 2020. This was due to the
sharp market movements caused by the coronavirus pandemic,
which led to new extreme scenarios in the VaR calculation.
Compared to the end of the third quarter of 2020, the VaR decreased

by €3m.
VaR of portfolios in the P| 2019
trading book | €m
Minimum 5 4
Mean B 7
Maximum 31 11
VaR at end of reporting period 2 6

The market risk profile is diversified across all asset classes.

VaR contribution by risk type in the 31.12.2019
trading book | €m

Credit spreads 2 1
Interest rates 4 1
Equities 0 1
FX 4 2
Commodities 3 1
Total 12 6

Further risk ratios are calculated for regulatory capital adequacy.
his includes the calculation of stressed VaR. Stressed VaR is

calculated using the internal model on the basis of the VaR method
described above. The main difference lies in the market data used
to value the assets. Stressed VaR measures the risk in the present
position in the trading book by reference to market movements from.
a specified crisis period in the past. The crisis observation period
used for this is checked regularly through model validation and
approval processes and adjusted where necessary. The crisis
observation period remained the same during the year. Stressed
VaR rose from €26m at end-2019 to €28m at end-2020. This was
due to changes in positions in the Corporate Clients segment and
Treasury.

The market risk profile in stressed VaR is also diversified across
all asset classes. The decrease in equity price risk resulted from the
sale of the equity busines:
rates and commodities resulted from position changes. The sharp

The increase in the asset classes interest

Risk Report
Exec
Risk-orit
31 Default risk
145 Market risk
9 Lig

Financial State urther Information

Other risks

market movements in the context of the coronav

s pandemic had
only a minor impact on stressed VaR compared to the VaR, as
stressed VaR is calculated on the basis of market data from a

pe] 31.12.2019

historical crisis period.

Stressed VaR contribution by risk
type in the trading book | €m

Credit spreads 3 5
Interest rates 8 5
Equities 1 5
FX 7 5
Commodities 9 5
Total 28 26

In addition, the incremental risk charge and the equity event VaR
figures quantify the risk of deterioration in creditworthiness and
event risks in trading book positions. The incremental risk charge
rose by €6m to €20m in the course of 2020. The decline is mainly

attributable to changes in positions in the Corporate Clients segment.

The reliability of the internal model (historical simulation) is
monitored in various ways, including backtesting, on a daily basis.
The VaR calculated is set against actually occurring profits and
losses. The VaR used in backtesting is based on the complete
historical simulation and therefore represents all components of the
internal model used in the market risk VaR calculation of capital
adequacy requirements at Group level. The process draws a
distinction between “clean P&L” and “dirty PSL” backtesting. In the
former, exactly the same positions in the income statement are used
as were used for calculating the VaR. This means that the profits
and losses result only from changes in market prices (hypothetical

changes in the portfolio value). In dirty PSL backtesting, by contrast,

profits and losses from newly concluded and expired transactions
from the day under consideration are also included (actual profits
and losses induced by portfolio value changes). Profits and losses
from valuation adjustments and model reserves are factored into
dirty and clean P&L according to the regulatory requirements.

If the actual loss exceeds the VaR, it is described as a negative
backtesting outlier. The analysis of the backtesting results is used
to evaluate the appropriateness of the market risk model and
provides evidence for the review of parameters and for potential
improvements. In fiscal year 2020, three negative clean P&L outliers
and two negative dirty P&L outliers were measured. The outliers are
all related to exceptionally strong market movements in response to
the coronavirus crisis, which obviously could not be predicted by
historically calibrated VaR models. The market movements that
caused the P&L observed on these days exceeded the historical
fluctuation range in the one-year period on which the historical
simulation was based. The outliers were caused by various factors,
such as widening credit spreads, cross-currency basis spreads and

147


--- Page 60 ---

148 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

fluctuations in interest rates, equity and currency prices, as well as
widening future-forward basis spreads for precious metals.

Checks were carried out to verify that none of the observed
backtesting outliers were caused by model weaknesses. Backtesting
is also generally used by the supervisory authorities for evaluating
internal risk models. Negative outliers are classified using a traffic
light approach prescribed by the supervisory authorities and can
lead to add-on factors in the capital calculation. All negative
backtesting outliers at Group level (from both clean P&L and dirty
P&L) must be reported to the supervisory authorities, citing their
extent and cause.

As the described excesses were not due to deficiencies in the
internal model, Commerzbank received permission to exclude the
above-mentioned coronavirus-related three clean P&L and two dirty
P&L outliers from March 2020 from the calculation of the add-on
factor. The capital charge of Commerzbank is currently not affected
by this and it is identical whether or not the backtesting outliers are
excluded.

As the VaR concept gives a prediction of potential losses assum-
ing normal market conditions, it is supplemented by stress tests.
These stress tests measure the risk to which Commerzbank is
exposed, based on unlikely but still plausible events. These events
may be simulated using extreme movements on various financial
markets. The key scenarios relate to major changes in credit
spreads, interest rates and yield curves, exchange rates, share
prices and commodities prices. Examples of events simulated in
stress tests include all stock prices falling by 15%, a parallel shift
in the yield curve and changes to the curve’s gradient.

Extensive Group-wide stress tests and scenario analyses are
carried out as part of risk monitoring.

The internal model’s individual components are independently
validated at regular intervals to assess their appropriateness for risk
measurement. The identification and elimination of model weak-
nesses are of particular importance in this.

Banking book

The key drivers of market risk in the banking book are the Group
Treasury portfolios, with their credit spread, interest rate and basis
risks.

In market risk management, credit spread sensitivities in the
banking and trading books are considered together. Credit spread
sensitivities (downshift of 1 basis point) for all securities and
derivative positions (excluding loans) were at €53m as at the end of
2020 (31 December 2019: €49m).

Most credit spread sensitivities related to securities positions
measured at amortised cost. Changes in market price have no
impact on the revaluation reserve or the income statement for these
positions. The coronavirus pandemic resulted in a significant
widening of credit spreads and cross-currency basis spreads,
leading to losses in other comprehensive income as well as in the
income statement for items in the banking book measured at fair
value. After the sharp market movements in March, spreads
recovered in the course of the year. However, credit spreads for
European companies, as measured by the iTraxx index, were above
the previous year’s levels at the end of the year.

The impact of an interest rate shock on the economic value of
the Group’s banking book is simulated monthly in compliance with
regulatory requirements. In accordance with the EU Banking
Directive, the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority and
the European Central Bank have prescribed two scenarios of
uniform, sudden and unexpected changes in interest rates (+/-200
basis points) to be used by all banks, which have to report on the
results of this stress test every quarter. In the scenario -200 basis
points, the yield curve is floored at 0 (negative sections of the yield
curve are left unchanged).

As a result of the scenario +200 basis points, a potential economic
loss of €2,776m as at 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019:
€2,635m potential economic loss) was determined and in the sce-
nario -200 basis points a potential economic profit of €343m
(31 December 2019: €614m potential economic profit). Commerz-
bank does not, therefore, need to be classified as a bank with ele-
vated interest rate risk, as the decline in net present value represents.
less than 20% of its regulatory capital.

The interest rate sensitivity of the overall banking book (exclud-
ing pension funds) amounted to €9.0m as at 31 December 2020
(31 December 2019: €9.4m) per basis point of declining interest
rates.


--- Page 61 ---

To our Shareho

Management Ref

As part of the Interbank Offered Rates reform (IBOR reform), the
IBOR reference rates and the EONIA will be replaced by other
reference rates called Risk-Free Rates (RFR). Commerzbank has
implemented an IBOR reform programme with the aim of ensuring
a smooth transition to the RFR reference interest rates. The main
risks are identified and appropriate measures are taken. Further
information on the IBOR reform can be found in Note 1 to the Group
financial statements (Initially applicable, revised and new standards).

Pension fund risk is also part of market risk in the banking book.
Our pension fund portfolio comprises a well-diversified investment
section and a section comprising insurance-related liabilities. The
duration of the liabilities is extremely long (cash outflows modelled
over almost 90 years), and the main portion of the overall portfolio’s
present value risk is in maturities of 15 years and over. The main
risk drivers are long-term euro interest rates, credit spreads and
expected euro inflation due to anticipated pension dynamics. Equity,
volatility and foreign exchange risk also need to be taken into
consideration. Diversification effects between individual risks

Liquidity risk

We define liquidity risk in the narrower sense as the risk that
Commerzbank will be unable to meet its payment obligations on a
day-to-day basis. In a broader sense, liquidity risk describes the risk
that future payments cannot be funded for the full amount, in the
required currency or at standard market conditions, as and when
they are due.

Strategy and organisation

The Board of Managing Directors adopts the business strategy and
the Bank’s risk tolerance, which is associated with it. Liquidity risk
tolerance is then operationalised by defining the liquidity reserve
period and the limit framework. In order to ensure an appropriate
liquidity risk management process, the Board of Managing
Directors delegates certain competences and responsibilities in
connection with the Group-wide liquidity risk strategy to the Risk
and Treasury functions.

The central Asset Liability Committee (ALCO) is responsible for
limiting, analysing and monitoring liquidity risk and for strategic
liquidity positioning. ALCO is supported by various sub-committees
in this.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information
23. Executiv
Ris!
Default r
5 Marke
149° Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

managemer

reduce the overall risk. The extremely long maturities of these
liabilities represent the greatest challenge, particularly for hedging
credit spread risk. This is because there is insufficient liquidity in
the market for corresponding hedging products.

Market liquidity risk

Market liquidity risk is the risk of the Bank not being able to
liquidate or hedge risky positions in a timely manner, to the desired
extent and on acceptable terms as a result of insufficient liquidity in
the market.

Market liquidity risk is taken into account in Commerzbank’s
risk-bearing capacity concept by scaling the value at risk to one year,
i.e. the implicitly recognised liquidation period. Additional valuation
adjustments for market liquidity risk are also reflected in the
calculation of the risk coverage capital.

Risk management

Commerzbank uses a wide range of tools to manage and monitor
liquidity risks on the basis of its own liquidity risk model. The stress
scenario within the Bank that underlies the model and is relevant
for management purposes allows for the impact of both a bank-
specific stress event and a broader market cris

. Binding regulatory
requirements are an integral component of the management
mechanism. Group Treasury is responsible for the Group’s liquidity
management operations.

Group Treasury is represented in all major locations of the Group
in Germany and abroad and has reporting lines into all subsidiaries.
Commerzbank manages its global liquidity centrally using cash
pooling. This approach ensures that liquidity resources are used
efficiently and that this occurs across all time zones, as Group
Treasury units are located in Frankfurt, London, New York and
Singapore. Additional information on this subject can be found in
the “Funding and liquidity of the Commerzbank Group” section of
the 2020 Group Management Report. Liquidity risk is monitored on
the basis of the Bank’s own liquidity risk model by the independent
risk function.

149


--- Page 62 ---

150 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

The Bank has established early warning indicators for the
purpose of managing liquidity risk. These ensure that appropriate
steps can be taken in good time to secure long-term financial
solidity.

Risk concentrations can lead to increased outflows of liquidity,
particularly in a stress situation, and thus to increased liquidity risk.
They can, for example, occur with regard to maturities, large
individual creditors or currencies. By means of ongoing monitoring
and reporting, emerging risk concentrations in funding can be
recognised in a timely manner and mitigated through suitable
measures.

This also applies to payment obligations in foreign currencies.
The Bank also mitigates concentration by continuously using its
access to broadly diversified sources of funding, in particular
diverse customer deposits and capital market instruments.

Commerzbank also ensures that it monitors foreign exchange
risks and fulfils the currency matching requirements for highly
liquid assets and net liqui

ity outflows.

In the event of a liquidity crisis, the emergency plan provides for
various measures for different types of crisis, which can be
launched by the central ALCO. The emergency plan forms an
integral part of Commerzbank’s recovery plan and is updated at
least once a year; the individual liquidity emergency measures are
checked regularly during the year for plausibility. The emergency
plan also defines a clear allocation of responsibilities for the
processes to be followed in emergency situations and gives details
of any action that may need to be taken.

Liquidity risk model

A key component of liquidity risk management is the daily calcu-
lation of the liquidity gap profile. The liquidity gap profile shows the
deterministic or stochastic inflows and outflows expected in the
future on a given reporting date and across all portfolios. This forms
the basis for calculating liquidity requirements or excess liquidity
per maturity band. This also includes modelling the proportion of
customer deposits that will be permanently available, known as the
core deposit base.

The liquidity gap profile is also used to set the issuance strategy
of the Commerzbank Group, which is operationalised by the Group
Treasury division. The Group Finance division is responsible for
calculating and allocating liquidity costs on the basis of the liquidity
gap profile, which are then incorporated in the management of the
segments’ business activities.

Based on the liquidity gap profile, management mechanisms
such as recovery and early warning indicators are limited and
monitored accordingly. The liquidity gap profile is limited in all

maturity bands. The Group limits are broken down into individual
Group units and currencies. The internal liquidity risk model is
complemented by the regular analysis of additional adverse, reverse
and historical stress scenarios.

Additional information on the current developments caused by
the coronavirus pandemic can be found in the Group Management
Report.

Quantification and stress testing

Commerzbank uses a wide range of tools to manage and monitor
liquidity risks on the basis of its own liquidity risk model. In addition
to internal economic considerations, liquidity risk modelling also
factors in the binding regulatory requirements under the Capital
Requirements Regulation (CRR) and the Minimum Requirements
for Risk Management (MaRisk). Commerzbank incorporates this
within its liquidity risk framework, thereby quantifying the liquidity
risk appetite established by the full Board of Managing Directors.

The stress scenarios within the Bank that underlie the model and
are relevant for management purposes allow for the impact of both
a bank-specific stress event and a broader market crisis. The
Commerzbank-specific idiosyncratic scenario simulates a stress
situation arising from a rating downgrade of two notches, whereas
the market-wide scenario is derived from experience of the
subprime crisis and simulates an external market-wide shock. The
main liquidity risk drivers of both scenarios are a markedly
increased outflow of short-term customer deposits, above-average
drawdown of credit lines, prolongations of lending business
regarded as commercially necessary, the need to provide additional
collateral for secured transactions and the application of higher risk
discounts to the liquidation values of assets.

As a complement to the individual scenarios, the Bank also simu-
lates the impact on the liquidity gap profile (net liquidity position) of
a scenario that combines idiosyncratic and market-specific effects.
The liquidity gap profile is shown for the whole of the modelling
horizon across the full spectrum of maturities and follows a multi-
level concept. This allows for a nuanced presentation — deterministic
and modelled cash flows in existing business on the one hand and
the inclusion of prolongations on the other.

The table below shows the liquidity gap profile values after
application of the respective stress scenarios for periods of one and
three months as at the end of the year. Significantly more liquidity
flows out in a combined scenario compared with the individual
scenarios. As at the end of 2020, in the one-month and three-month
periods, the combined stress scenario leaves net liquidity of
€14.7bn and €8.4bn respectively.



--- Page 63 ---

ir Shareho

Net liquidity in the
stress scenario | €bn

pe] 31.12.2019

- - 1 month 21.1 18.4

Idiosyncratic scenario
3 months 16.8 20.1
1 month 23.3 20.7

Market-wide scenario
3 months 16.9 20.2
1 month 14.7 117

Combined scenario

3 months 8.4 11.2

Liquidity reserves

Significant factors in the liquidity risk appetite include the reserve
period, the size of the liquidity reserve portfolio held to compensate
for unexpected short-term liquidity outflows, and the limits in the
various maturity bands. As the liquidity reserve portfolio consists of
highly liquid assets, it functions as a buffer in stress situations. The
liquidity reserve portfolio is funded in line with the liquidity risk
appetite to ensure that it is kept at the required size throughout the

entire reserve period stipulated by the Board of Managing Directors.

At the end of 2020, the Bank had a liquidity reserve of €94.8bn
in the form of highly liquid assets. It is funded in line with the
liquidity risk appetite to ensure that it is kept at the required size
throughout the entire reserve period stipulated by the Board of
Managing Directors. A part of this liquidity reserve is held in a
separate stress liquidity reserve portfolio managed by Group
Treasury to cover liquidity outflows should a stress event occur and
to ensure solvency at all times. The Bank also holds an intraday
liquidity reserve portfolio. At the end of the year, the total value of
this portfolio was €6.1bn.

Risk Report Financial State urther Information
23 Executive summar
Risk-orien
31 Default risk
45M a
149 Liquidity risk

Operational risk
Other risks

erall bank managemer

The liquidity reserves comprising highly liquid assets are made

pe] 31.12.2019

up of the following three components:

Liquidity reserves from highly
liquid assets | €bn

Highly liquid assets 94.8 72.4
of which level 1 85.6 59.6
of which level 24 8.6 15
of which level 2B 0.6 13

Liquidity ratios

Throughout the 2020 financial year, Commerzbank’s internal
liquidity ratios, including the regulatory liquidity coverage ratio

(LCR), were above the limits set by the Board of Managing Directors.

The same is true of compliance with the survival period calculation
set down by MaRisk.

The LCR is calculated as the ratio of liquid assets to net liquidity
outflows under stressed conditions. It is used to measure whether a
bank has a large enough liquidity buffer to independently withstand
any potential imbalance between inflows and outflows of liquidity
under stressed conditions over a period of 30 calendar days.

In 2020, Commerzbank significantly exceeded the minimum
ratio of 100% stipulated for that year on every reporting date. As at
the end of 2020, the average month-end value of the LCR over the
last twelve months was 135.68% (as at the end of 2019: 132.72%).

The Bank has established corresponding limits and early
warning indicators to ensure the LCR minimum requirements are
met. Further information on the composition of the LCR is given in
Note 65 (liquidity coverage ratio) of the Group financial statements.

151


--- Page 64 ---

152 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

Operational risk

Based on the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR), Commerz-
bank defines operational risk (OpRisk) as the risk of loss resulting
from the inadequacy or failure of internal processes, people and
systems or from external events. This definition includes legal risks.
Strategic and reputational risks are not included in this definition.
In view of their increased economic significance, compliance risk
and cyber risk are managed as separate risk types. In line with the
CRR, however, losses from compliance risks and cyber risks are still
incorporated into the model for determining the regulatory and
economic capital required for operational risks.

Strategy and organisation

Within Commerzbank, OpRisk and governance issues of the Internal
Control System (ICS) are closely connected in terms of both
organisational structure and methodology and are continuously
being enhanced. This is because many OpRisk cases are closely
linked with failures in the control mechanisms. A properly
functioning ICS thereby helps to reduce or avoid losses from
operational risks and thus to lower the amount of capital required
to cover operational risks in the medium to long term. Conversely,
the operational risk management systems enable the ICS to adapt
itself consistently to them. The further development of the ICS
structure is an essential aspect of the proactive reduction or
prevention of operational risks. Accordingly, in the course of the
Campus 2.0 realignment, the governance of the ICS was made more
flexible by extending the phases of risk identification, control
inventory and control evaluation to enable efficient implementation
by the units.

Chaired by the CRO, the Group OpRisk Committee meets at least
four times a year and deals with the management of operational
risks within the Commerzbank Group. It also acts as the escalation
and decision-making committee for key OpRisk topics that span all
areas. The Management Boards and/or the Segment Committees
with responsibility for operational risk deal with the management of
operational risk in the relevant units. They analyse OpRisk issues
that affect them, such as loss events, and define subsequent
measures or recommend action.

Commerzbank’s OpRisk strategy is approved on an annual basis
by the full Board of Managing Directors after it has been discussed

and voted upon in the Group OpRisk Committee. The OpRisk
strategy describes the risk profile, key elements of the desired risk
culture, its management framework and measures to be taken by
Commerzbank to manage operational risk.

OpRisk management is based on three consecutive levels (three
lines of defence) which, when taken together, are crucial for
reaching the given strategic aims.

Risk management

Commerzbank takes an active approach to managing operational
risk, aiming to systematically identify OpRisk profiles and risk
concentrations and to define, prioritise and implement risk
mitigation measures.

Operational risks are characterised by asymmetric distribution
of losses. This means that most of the losses are relatively small,
while isolated losses with a very low probability of occurrence have
the potential to be large and devastating. This makes it necessary
not only to limit high loss potential but also to proactively manage
losses that can be expected to occur frequently.

To do this, Commerzbank has set up a multi-stage system that
brings together the defined limits on economic capital (risk capacity)
and those set for operative risk management during the year (risk
appetite/tolerance), complemented by rules on the transparent and
conscious acceptance and approval of individual risks (risk
acceptance).

OpRisk management includes an annual evaluation of the Bank’s
ICS and a risk scenario assessment. Furthermore, OpRisk loss
events are subjected to ongoing analysis and to ICS backtesting on
an event-driven basis. Lessons learned activities are carried out
after all material loss events. External OpRisk events at competitors
are also systematically evaluated.

Commerzbank uses the advanced measurement approach (AMA)
to measure regulatory and economic capital for operational risks.
Risk-weighted assets for operational risks on this basis came to
€18.3bn at the end of the fourth quarter of 2020 (31 December 2019:
€18.7bn). The economically required capital was €1.5bn (31 Decem-
ber 2019: €1.5bn).


--- Page 65 ---

To our Share

The following table gives an overview of risk-weighted assets
(RWA) and the economically required capital (ErC) by segment:

Risk Report
Exec

Risk-¢

Financial State urther Information

49
152 Operational risk
153 Other risks

view to an extended mobile working environment. These are mainly
seen as part of the new normality during the coronavirus pandemic.

31.12.2020, 31.12.2019 OpRisk events? | €m —— 31.12.2020 31.12.2019
€bn RWA Erc RWA ErC Internal fraud 1 6
Private and Small- External fraud 9 12
Business Customers 6.1 0.5 5.2 0.4 Damage and IT failure 29 2
Corporate Clients 74 OC 07 Products and business practices 27 703
Others and
Consolidation 48 0.4 53 0.4 Process related 29 6
Group 18.3 15. 18.7 15 HR related 0 =
Group 345 127

The total charge for OpRisk events at the end of the fourth quarter
of 2020 was approximately €345m (full-year 2019: €127m). The
events mainly related to losses in the “Products and business
practices” category. This includes the provision of mBank for legal
risks related to CHF loan agreements, which is a key driver of the
increase compared to the previous year.

The exceptional situation during the coronavirus pandemic is
resulting in increased operational risk, especially due to changes in
internal processes and the market environment. However, losses
thus far are limited to cost items such as cancellations (business
trips, events), higher security costs for branches, additional hygiene
measures to protect employees and customers, and IT measures
related to enhanced online availability, first and foremost, with a

Other risks

To meet the requirements of the Basel framework, MaRisk requires
an integrated approach to risk that also includes unquantifiable risk
categories. At Commerzbank, these are subjected to a qualitative
management and control process. The following risk types except
compliance risk, model risk and cyber risk are outside the
responsibility of the CRO.

Legal risk

According to the CRR, legal risk falls within the definition of
operational risk. It primarily arises for the Commerzbank Group
when the Bank’s claims cannot be enforced for legal reasons or
when claims can be made against the Bank because the underlying
law was not observed or has changed since a transaction was
concluded.

* Losses incurred and provisions, less OpRisk-based income and repayments.

A structured, centralised and decentralised reporting system ensures
that the management of the Bank and its segments, members of the
OpRisk Committee and the supervisory bodies are informed
regularly, promptly and fully about operational risk. OpRisk reports
are produced quarterly. They contain changes in OpRisk losses, the
segments’ main loss events, current risk analyses, changes in the
capital requirement and the status of measures implemented.
Operational risks are also part of the regular risk reporting process
to the full Board of Managing Directors and to the Supervisory
Board’s Risk Committee.

The operation of banking and financial services transactions that
are subject to regulatory provisions may also result in legal risk.
This risk may also take the form of orders or sanctions issued or
imposed by one or more authorities
Commerzbank is subject to anywhere in the world. Legal risk also

whose ion

super

arises in realised losses or provisions due to or in connection with
court cases brought against Commerzbank (passive proceedings).
Cases brought by Commerzbank (active proceedings) generally
represent a credit risk rather than an operational risk, so the risk of
loss is already taken into account through write-downs. However,
the costs of legal action (court and lawyers’ costs) for active
proceedings are classified as legal risk.

153


--- Page 66 ---

154 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

Organisation

Within Commerzbank, the functional management of legal risk
throughout the Group is the responsibility of Group Legal. All legal
staff at the various Group Legal locations including the foreign
branches as well as the legal staff of the legal departments of the
domestic and foreign subsidiaries are as legal risk managers
operationally responsible for the identification and management of
the Group-wide legal risk within Commerzbank.

Risk management

The task of the Group’s legal risk managers is to detect legal risks
and all losses potentially resulting from them at an early stage, to
highlight possible solutions that might avoid or minimise such
losses, and to play an active part in reaching decisions concerning
legal risks. They must ensure that they are always up to date with
all legal changes or new findings within their area of responsibility
and inform the business units affected about the impact on legal
risk and any action that needs to be taken as a result.

The legal risk managers are responsible for arranging or
adjusting legal provisions and look after and monitor new and
ongoing court proceedings.

In the case of passive proceedings, provisions are recognised on
the basis of the risk assessment carried out by the responsible legal
risk manager. The expected risk of loss for proceedings generally
corresponds to the size of the provisions to be recognised. To
estimate the expected loss, the amount that the Bank would
reasonably have to pay to settle the dispute at the current point in
time is calculated after each significant stage in the proceedings. In
the case of active proceedings, provisions are usually only
recognised for the expected court and lawyers’ costs.

Group Legal provides information about all major court
proceedings and risk trends in the quarterly Litigation Report. This
report is sent to the Bank’s management and Supervisory Board,
the supervisory authority and the OpRisk Committee.

Current developments
Commerzbank and its subsi

liaries are involved in a variety of court
and arbitration cases, claims and official investigations (legal
proceedings) in connection with a broad range of issues. They
include, for example, allegations of defective advice, disputes in
connection with credit finance or payment transactions, entitlements
to occupational pensions, allegedly false accounting and incorrect
financial statements, enforcement of claims due to tax issues,
allegedly incorrect prospectuses in connection with underwriting
transactions, alleged violations of competition laws, and cases

brought by shareholders and other investors as well as

investigations by supervisory authorities. In addition, changes to
rulings by supreme courts, which may render them more restrictive,
as well as to legal conditions, e.g. in the private customer business,
may result in more claims being brought against Commerzbank or
its subsidiaries. In these court cases, claimants are mostly asking
for the payment of compensation, claims on account of unjust
enrichment or the reversal of agreements already entered into. If the
courts were to find in favour of one or more of the claimants in these
cases, Commerzbank could be liable to pay compensation, which
could in some cases be substantial, or could incur the expense of
reversing agreements or of other cost-intensive measures. Regulatory
authorities and governmental institutions in various countries in
which Commerzbank and its subsidiaries are or have been active have
for some years been investigating irregularities in connection with the
fixing of foreign exchange rates and with foreign exchange business
in general. In the course of these investigations, regulatory authorities
and governmental institutions have also sought checks on
Commerzbank or have approached the company with requests for
information. Commerzbank has cooperated fully with these bodies
and also looked into the relevant matters on the basis of its own
comprehensive investigations. The cases are no longer active with the
exception of one case in which the investigating authority transferred
the matter to the national competition tribunal. Financial conse-
quences cannot be ruled out.

The public prosecutor's office in Frankfurt is investigating equity
transactions conducted by Commerzbank and the former Dresdner
Bank around the dividend record date (cum-ex transactions).
Commerzbank had already initiated a forensic analysis of cum-ex
transactions at the end of 2015, which was concluded at the start of
2018 in respect of Commerzbank’s equity transactions and in
September 2019 in respect of the equity transactions of the former
Dresdner Bank. All back taxes demanded by the tax authorities have
been paid.

The public prosecutor's office in Cologne has been conducting
investigations at Commerzbank since September 2019 in connec-
tion with a separate case concerning cum-ex transactions. It is
investigating on suspicion that the Bank (including Dresdner Bank)
was involved in cum-ex transactions in various roles, including by
supplying shares to third parties who were allegedly acting as short
sellers. According to the current understanding, these proceedings
do not involve Commerzbank’s own tax credit claims with regard to
capital gains tax and the solidarity surcharge on dividends.

The Bank is cooperating fully with authorities conducting
investigations into cum-ex transactions. It is currently not possible
to predict whether this will result in a burden, whether it will occur,
or the amount of any resulting burden.


--- Page 67 ---

To our Shareho

nsibility Manag

ment Ref

In the circular of the German Federal Ministry of Finance (BMF)
dated 17 July 2017, the tax authori
cum-cum transactions, declaring their intention to critically examine
past transactions for indications of abuse of law. According to the
view put forward in the BMF circular, abuse of law pursuant to
Article 42 of the German Tax Code (Abgabenordnung, AO) is
indicated if there are no economically reasonable grounds for the
transaction in question and the structure of the transaction appears
to be largely tax-induced (tax arbitrage). The circular provides a
non-exhaustive list of cases which the BMF will assess for tax

addressed the treatment of

purposes. Within the framework of Commerzbank AG's ongoing tax
audit, the tax auditors commented on the treatment of these
transactions in the form of audit notes. Further discussions are
taking place on this issue. Furthermore, in the assessments for the
years 2014 and 2015, the tax office reduced the credit for capital
gains taxes. In response, Commerzbank AG made value adjust-
ments to tax credits shown in the balance sheet and set up
additional provisions for possible repayment claims in order to
reflect the changed risk situation appropriately. The tax authorities
are currently discussing a revision of the above-mentioned BMF
circular following the ruling of the Fiscal Court of Hessen on
28 January 2020 (4 K 890/17). In light of an expected tightening up
of the circular and on the basis of a notice issued to prevent the
threat of limitation of payments applying to 2013, the risk
provisioning for the years 2013 to 2015 was adjusted. It cannot be
ruled out that a different estimate will result after the issuance of a
new BMF circular or further fiscal court rulings.

With respect to cum-cum securities lending transactions,
Commerzbank is exposed to compensation claims from third parties
for crediting entitlements that have been denied. Based on the
analyses performed, Commerzbank considers it unlikely that such
claims could be enforced. However, it cannot be ruled out. Based
on our estimates estimates the financial impact could be in the
upper double-digit million range, plus interest on arrears. The
possibility that this conclusion could alter as developments unfold,
for example in connection with assessments made by the tax
authorities and fiscal/civil courts, cannot be completely ruled out.

In May 2017, a Polish court admitted a class action lawsuit
against a subsidiary of Commerzbank alleging the ineffectiveness
of index clauses in loan agreements denominated in Swiss francs
(CHF). A total of 1,731 plaintiffs have joined the class action. In
October 2018, the class action suit was dismissed in its entirety by
the court of first instance. In March 2020, the court of appeal
partially overturned the judgement of the court of first instance and
referred it back. In early June 2020, the court of appeal enacted a
temporary order concerning the suspension of interest payment and
repayment obligations and prohibited the subsidiary from issuing

Financial Sta

Risk Report ements Further Information

52 Operational risk
153. Other risks

due date or cancellation notices. The temporary order is legally
binding. A first hearing before the court of first instance is scheduled
for March 2021.

Independently of this, numerous borrowers have also filed
lawsuits for the same reasons. In addition to the class action, 6,870

other individual proceedings were pending as at 31 December 2020.

The subsidiary is defending itself against all of the claims. The case
law of the Polish courts on loans with indexation clauses has so far
been inconsistent overall. As at 31 December 2020, there were 173
final rulings in individual proceedings against the subsidiary, of
which 70 were decided in favour of the subsidiary and 103 were
decided against the subsidiary. A total of 193 proceedings before
courts of second instance are suspended because of legal issues
that are being considered by the Polish Supreme Court and the
European Court of Justice (ECJ).

The Polish Supreme Court has announced a decision in principle
for March 2021. The Bank will analyse the decision once it is
published, in particular with regard to the impact on further case
law and on the provision. Preliminary ruling proceedings on loans
with indexation clauses are pending before the European Court of
Justice, two of which concern proceedings against the subsidiary.
Decisions are not expected until early 2022.

Against the background of the inconsistent case law to date, the
small number of rulings in the last instance and outstanding
decisions in principle from the Supreme Court and the ECJ, the
amount of the provision for this set of issues is subject to a high
degree of judgement. In the calculation of the provisions, possible
future lawsuits relating to the existing portfolio and the portfolio
already repaid in addition to the lawsuits already filed are taken into
account. The Group/ subsidiary measures the provision for individual
claims relating to existing and already repaid loans with CHF
indexation clauses using the expected value method permitted
under IAS 37. The provision relates both to the portfolio existing as
at 31 December 2020 with a carrying amount of 13.6bn Polish zloty
and to the portfolio already repaid. The portfolio that was already
repaid amounted to 6.8bn Polish zloty at the time of disbursement.
The provision as at 31 December 2020 for individual lawsuits was
€312,9m.

The methodology used to calculate the provision is based on
parameters that are varied, subject to judgement and in some cases
associated with considerable uncertainty. Key parameters are the
estimated total number of plaintiffs, the probability of losing a
lawsuit in the last instance, the amount of the loss and the
development of the exchange rate. Fluctuations in the parameters
and the interdependencies between them may mean that the

amount of the provision has to be adjusted significantly in the future.

155


--- Page 68 ---

156 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

As at the reporting date, the subsidiary estimated the risk of
defeat at 50%. This is based among other things on the Bank's
expert assessments, which are supported by legal opinions on
future case law trends.

Assuming otherwise unchanged parameters, the following sensi-
tivities result for the main parameters underlying the recognition of

provisions:

e The number of future claimants increases by 1% of borrowers:
change in provisions of €+13m

e The probability of a ruling by the court of last instance that is
unfavourable to the subsidiary changes by +/— 1 percentage
point: change in provisions of €+/-6m

e The assumed weighted average loss changes by +/-1 percentage
point: change in provisions of €+/-5m

In December 2020, a proposal by the local supervisory authority
to convert foreign currency loans into local currency loans was
announced; details have not yet been provided. According to the
subsidiary’s analyses, the application of the proposal to existing and
repaid loans would lead to a potential financial charge in the order
of €1.2bn. As at the reporting date, the subsidiary had not yet made
any decisions on the implementation of the proposal, e.g. through
settlement offers to customers. This is subject to further analysis
and discussion among the banks concerned and with the
responsible authorities.

Some of these cases could also have an impact on the reputation
of Commerzbank and its subsidiaries. The Group recognises
provisions for such proceedings if liabilities are likely to result from
them and the amounts to which the Group is likely to be liable can
be determined with sufficient accuracy. Since there are consider-

able uncertainties as to how such proceedings will develop, the
possibility cannot be ruled out that some of the provisions
recognised for them may prove to be inadequate once the courts’
final rulings are known. As a result, substantial additional expense
may be incurred. This is also true in the case of legal proceedings
for which the Group did not consider it necessary to recognise
provisions. The eventual outcome of some legal proceedings might
have an impact on Commerzbank’s results and cash flow in a
specified reporting period; in the worst case it cannot be fully ruled
out that the liabilities that might result from them may also have a
significant impact on Commerzbank’s earnings performance, assets
and financial position.

Further information on legal proceedings may be found in
Note 58 regarding provisions and Note 60 regarding contingent
liabilities and lending commitments in the Group financial
statements.

Compliance risk

Compliance risk falls within the definition of operational risk
according to the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR). Commerz-
bank acknowledges and understands the existence of inherent
compliance risk in its global business, which is subject to the risk of
abuse in general and in particular by financial crime. Compliance
risk includes, in particular, the risks associated with money
laundering, terrorist financing, sanctions/embargoes,
compliance as well as fraud, corruption and preventing the
facilitation of tax evasion.

markets

The Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank actively
promotes a compliance culture and has set down and communi-
cated corresponding values in the code of conduct.

Group Compliance is led by the division head of Group Compliance,
who reports directly to the Board of Managing Directors. Pursuant to
Art. 87 (5) of the German Securities Trading Act (WpHG) and
MaComp (minimum requirements of the compliance function) BT 1.1,
the division head of Group Compliance is both the Group’s Com-
pliance Officer and, under Art. 25h (7) of the German Banking Act
(KWG) and Arts. 7 and 9 of the German Anti-Money Laundering Act
(GwG), the Anti-Money Laundering Officer; this person is supervised
as such by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin).
Group Compliance is responsible for:

A. The four types of compliance risk:
(1) anti money laundering/combating terrorism financing,
(2) sanctions and embargoes,
(3) combating fraud, bribery and corruption,
(4) markets compliance
as well as

B. Further responsibilities:

© coordination of the requirements under MaRisk section 4.4.2
(“MaRisk compliance function”),

e independent implementation of internal special investigations
with compliance relevance.

The responsibilities based on the obligations under the QI
(Qualified Intermediary), FATCA (Foreign Account Tax Compliance
Act) and CRS (Common Reporting Standard) regimes as well as in
relation to the prevention of the aiding and abetting of tax evasion
(ATEF, Anti-Tax Evasion Facilitation) were bundled within the Group
Tax function in October 2020 and have therefore no longer been
part of the other tasks of Group Compliance since that date. The
corresponding role of the QI and FATCA Responsible Officer will
also be transferred to Group Tax in mid-2021.


--- Page 69 ---

To our Shareholders

Risk management
To prevent compliance risks, Commerzbank has implemented
security systems and controls for its transactions, customers,
products and processes. These procedures for ensuring compliance
with material legal provisions and requirements are referred to in
their entirety as a compliance management system. Commerz-
bank’s compliance management system is based on international
market standards and the regulatory requirements in the various
countries which are relevant for Commerzbank’s business activities.
Commerzbank is constantly developing its compliance manage-
ment system in order to meet its responsibilities and address the
growing complexity and increasing regulatory requirements. Under
the three lines of defence principle, protecting against undesirable
compliance risks is an activity that is not restricted to the
compliance function (Group Compliance). Instead, the organisa-
tional control and monitoring elements are aligned in three sequen-
tial levels. The units in the first line of defence (1st LoD) assume the
main responsibility for identifying and managing risks and for
complying with their own business rules; they are also responsible
for setting up process-oriented control mechanisms. Group
Compliance, the second line of defence (2nd LoD), oversees the
appropriateness and effectiveness of the procedures and controls in
the first line of defence, and assesses and communicates any
deficiencies found. Internal Audit, the third line of defence (3rd
LoD), uses regular and independent audits to check that compliance
in both the 1st LoD and 2nd LoD is appropriate and effective.
Compliance risks are managed in a control circuit with inter-
acting elements. Commerzbank constantly monitors relevant
regulatory requirements as well as the definition and/or adjustment
of corresponding internal standards meant to ensure compliance
with the requirements. Where necessitated by changes in require-
ments and standards, internal training measures are defined and/or
adapted and the Bank’s units are advised how to implement these
effectively. Implementation encompasses setting up and carrying
out suitable processes and controls in daily work, assuring their
quality and testing their effectiveness. Monitoring of the compli-
ance risks is based on key figures and is part of regular internal
reporting. Where necessary, matters are escalated according to
their urgency and severity.

Management Rep!

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

153. Other risks

The compliance sub-risk strategy as a fundamental strategy
document integrates the previous components of the compliance
framework in dealing with compliance risks and contains a detailed
description of compliance risk management in addition to strategic
and organisational elements. In particular, the risk appetite per
compliance risk type is specified and the strategic fields of action
are defined.

A systematic risk analysis (compliance risk analysis) is a core
element of risk management. It assesses the inherent risk arising
from doing business with different customer groups and products.
and compares this with an assessment of the corresponding control
environment. It produces a residual risk, the risk content of which
is assessed. The Bank defines measures to further enhance risk
management (e.g. introducing additional controls) as necessary and
tracks implementation closely.

Current developments

In recent years, Commerzbank has worked through the majority of
the findings from the settlements with various US authorities
regarding violations of US sanctions and anti-money laundering
provisions. The Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the District
Attorney of New York and the Deferred Prosecution Agreement with
the US Department of Justice were terminated in March 2018 and
May 2018 respectively, after consultation with the respective district
attorney’s offices. The Bank has also received various interim reports
and on 15 October 2018 received the final report from the monitor
appointed by the New York State Department of Financial Services
(DFS), to which it has responded with corresponding implement-
tation programmes. The Bank has made good progress in carrying
out the implementation programmes and has executed most of the
measures. The US monitor submitted its final report dated
15 October 2018, thus concluding its on-site investigations. In
accordance with the terms of the engagement letter between the
Bank and the monitor, the monitorship ended on 24 June 2019.
Commerzbank continues to provide quarterly reports to the DFS on
the progress of implement-tation plans.

157


--- Page 70 ---

158 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

In line with the requirements of the UK Financial Services and
Markets Act 2000 (FSMA), in 2017 Commerzbank London mandated
a consulting company as a “skilled person”. The consulting company
carried out a review of existing structures and processes (especially
with regard to money laundering/financing of terrorism as well as
sanctions/embargoes) and prepared a report for the UK Financial
Conduct Authority (FCA). Commerzbank London subsequently
launched a comprehensive remediation project, the implementation
of which is being evaluated by the “skilled person”, with half-yearly
reports to the FCA. Substantial progress has been made since the
fourth and final phase was completed. Accordingly, the FCA
informed the Bank on 16 June 2020 that the “skilled person”
process had been concluded. The Bank received a “warning notice”
from the FCA on 14 May 2020. It addressed weaknesses identified
by the FCA in 2017 for the years 2012 to 2017 (money laundering

prevention, know-your-customer (KYC) and transaction monitoring).

On 17 June 2020, the Bank reached an agreement with the FCA on
a penalty payment of £37.8m. The small number of outstanding
topics have been transferred to the line function, the handling of
which will be monitored by Group Audit. A monthly status report
will be submitted to the FCA. Currently, around 60% of the findings
have already been closed.

Since 31 December 2012, Commerzbank has been provisionally
registered as a swap dealer with the U.S. Commodity Futures
Trading Commission (CFTC). In accordance with a consent order
issued by the CFTC on 8 November 2018 after an investigation had
been completed, Commerzbank engaged an outside consultant
approved by the CFTC for a period of two years. The CFTC may
extend this period by a further year at its discretion. During the
review period, the outside consultant will produce annual reports
assessing the swap dealer's compliance with the Commodity
Exchange Act and the regulations of the CFTC and outline
recommendations for improvements to its practices, policies and
procedures. For the duration of the outside consultant’s mandate,
the Bank is also required to produce a full Chief Compliance Officer
Report for the swap dealer in accordance with US regulations. The
report must be submitted to the CFTC 90 days after receipt of each
report from the outside consultant and must include a statement on
the recommendations made by the outside consultant. The outside
consultant started work in April 2019 and submitted the first report
to the CFTC on 17 June 2020. The report contains 51 recommen-
dations and 25 observations requiring processing or improvements.
Commerzbank subsequently submitted its first complete Chief
Compliance Officer Report for the swap dealer to the CFTC on
4 September 2020. In the third quarter of 2020, the National
Futures Association (NFA) began its second periodic audit of the
Bank in its capacity as a swap dealer (the first audit took place in
2018). The Bank expects to receive the formal audit report in the
first quarter of 2021 and, upon receipt, will be required to submit a
formal response to the audit report to the NFA outlining remediation
plans for any audit findings.

Reputational risk

Reputational risk is the risk that stakeholders may lose confidence
in Commerzbank or that its reputation may be damaged as a result
of negative events in its business activities. Commerzbank’s
stakeholder groups include in particular the public and the media,
non-governmental organisations and its customers. In the present-
day competitive environment, a company’s reputation is becoming
more and more important. The main factor determining this is how
companies handle sustainability considerations (environmental,
ethical or social risks) in the market segments’ customer business
(intrinsic reputational risks). Companies are judged not only on the
basis of people’s personal experiences of them, but also on reports
reaching the public, especially through the media. Reputational risk
therefore goes hand in hand with communication risk.

Strategy and organisation

All employees and managers have a fundamental duty to protect
and reinforce Commerzbank’s good reputation as a significant
element of its enterprise value. The segments and _ significant
subsidiaries bear direct responsibility for reputational risk resulting
from their particular business activity. The Reputational Risk
Management department is part of the central Group Communi-
cations division of the Commerzbank Group and focuses on intrinsic
reputational risk that may directly lead to reputational damage
among stakeholder groups. The department maintains close links
with the relevant front office units. Management of intrinsic
reputational risk is the responsibility of the Chairman of the Board of
Managing Directors. It is a component of Commerzbank’s overall
risk strategy. Reputational Risk Management's tasks include identi-
fying, evaluating and addressing intrinsic reputational risk in syste-
matic processes at an early stage and suggesting or implementing
appropriate measures (early warning function).

Risk management

Managing intrinsic reputational risk means identifying and reacting
to potential environmental, social and ethical risks at an early stage,
thereby reducing any potential communication risk or even
preventing it completely. Intrinsic reputational risk is managed by
means of a qualitative approach. As part of a structured process,
transactions, products and customer relationships in connection
with sensitive areas are assessed with reference to environmental,
social and ethical risks on a qualitative five-point scale. This
assessment can contain conditions and in some cases a negative
verdict, which could lead to a rejection.


--- Page 71 ---

To our Shareholders

The sensitive areas regularly and comprehensively analysed in
Reputational Risk Management include armaments exports and
transactions, products and customer relationships relating to power
generation and commodities extraction. Commerzbank’s attitude
towards these areas is laid down in positions and guidelines that are
binding for all employees. Commerzbank’s Reputational Risk
Management department regularly observes and analyses new
environmental, ethical and social issues and informs the relevant
parts of the Bank about these. The reputational risks identified and
addressed by the department are incorporated into the quarterly
reputational risk report — part 1: non-quantifiable risks; part 2: high
and major intrinsic reputational risks (sustainability issues) — which
is prepared for the full Board of Managing Directors and the Risk
Committee of the Supervisory Board.

IT risk

IT risk is a form of operational risk. In our internal definition, we
define IT risk as risks to the security of information processed in our:
systems in terms of meeting the four IT security objectives set out
below:

Confidentiality: Information is confidential if it is not accessible
to, or capable of being reconstructed by, unauthorised persons,
business processes or IT systems.

Integrity: Information possesses integrity if it has not been
modified or destroyed by any unauthorised means. An information-
processing system (IT system) possesses integrity if it can perform
its intended functions without hindrance and free of unauthorised
manipulations, whether deliberate or accidental.

Traceability: Actions and technologies applied to information
are traceable if they themselves and their source can be traced back
without any ambiguity.

Availability: Information is available if it is always capable of
being used to a predefined extent by authorised persons, business
processes and IT systems when it is required.

Commerzbank attaches great importance to the protection and
security of its own information, of that entrusted to it by customers,
and of the business processes and systems used to process it. They
form a permanent core element in our digital strategy. The
processing of information is based increasingly on information
technologies. As such, our IT security requirements are at the heart
of information security management. IT security requirements are
based on the IT security objectives referred to above and are set
down in policies and procedural instructions.

Management Rep!

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

153. Other risks

IT risks are identified, evaluated and regularly reviewed as part
of IT governance processes. IT risk is covered in the quarterly IT
risk report. Information security is also established as a principal
objective for our Internal Control System. In the context of the
coronavirus pandemic, consideration of the four IT security
objectives for home office technologies has become a more central
focus. To this end, outsourced services in particular were examined
and, from 2021, will be given greater focus with a separate GS-TF
key risk indicator.

Relevant IT risks are also evaluated as part of operational risk
management through risk scenarios and considered in the Bank’s
RWA calculation. This includes the risk of a breakdown of critical IT,
the risk of external attack on the systems or data of the Bank (cyber
crime and advanced persistent threat (APT)! scenarios), the theft of
corporate data or the default of service providers and vendors. See
also the description of cyber risk.

Given the major importance of IT security to Commerzbank, it is
further developed and improved on an ongoing basis by means of
strategic initiatives. We have taken into account the significance of
the “human” factor in IT security and cyber security by introducing
additional training and awareness-raising measures.

Cyber risk

Cyber risk comprises risks with direct relevance to security and risks
that lead to relevance to security (with respect to cyber space). The
part of cyber space of relevance to Commerzbank is all connected IT
environments within the Bank and those outside the Bank that lead
to customers, business partners and service providers. Cyber risk is
therefore concerned with the digital representation of the Bank’s
assets (data, information) within cyber space.

The strategic guidelines from the overall risk strategy and the
information security strategy apply without limitation to cyber risk.

In recent years, there have been a number of serious security
incidents — not involving Commerzbank — in the financial sector,
leading many of the world’s key regulators and standard setters
(such as the DFS500 — Department of Financial Services, Sec-
tion 500 (Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Com-
panies) and NIST (National Institute of Standards and Technology)
in the USA and the MAS (Monetary Authority of Singapore) in
Singapore to place increasing emphasis on cyber security and
publish additional requirements for the management of cyber risks.
Within Europe and Germany, the EBA and BaFin are also focusing
intensively on this topic.

7 An advanced persistent threat is a special form of cyber attack. The intention of an APT attack is to remain undetected for as long as
possible in order to steal sensitive information (internet espionage) or cause other types of damage over a longer period.

159


--- Page 72 ---

160 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

To adequately address both this trend and future challenges
relating to the management of cyber risks, since January 2020
Commerzbank has managed cyber and information security risks
via the new Group division “Group Risk Management — Cyber Risk
& Information Security” (GRM-CRIS), which reports to the Group
Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). In addition to established
security functions such as the Information Security Management
System (ISMS) as well as risk reporting on key risk indicators, GRM-
CRIS focuses on managing cyber risk appropriately and on
strengthening Commerzbank’s (including _ its
information security incident management capabilities). It also
addresses the interaction between cyber and information security
risks and other types of risk relating to areas such as HR,
procurement, BCM and physical security.

There are currently no concrete attack patterns or other
anomalies specifically related to the coronavirus pandemic to which

cyber-resilience

our institution, other financial service providers or financial market
infrastructures are exposed. In addition, we are not currently seeing
any additional attack methods or an expansion of our attack surface
due to the increased remote use of Bank resources such as split
operations or working from home.

However, there are a range of attack vectors that try to engage
in criminal activity by capitalising on public fears (such as e-mails
concerning precautionary measures purportedly sent by the WHO).
This approach is known in the media as fearware and refers
specifically to the most common form of its implementation, namely
a combination of malware and social engineering powered by the
fear of the person being targeted.

With regard to our customers, we are paying even more
attention than usual to transactional anomalies, especially in the
context of coronavirus-related fraud.

Human resources risk

Human resources risk falls within the definition of operational risk
referred to in the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR). The
internal, management-oriented interpretation of this definition at
Commerzbank includes the following elements in human resources
risk:

Adjustment risk: Adjustment risk results when organisational
and operational circumstances change (for example, restructuring,
changes in management culture, qualification needs), these
changes impact employees’ scope of responsibilities and therefore
require a greater willingness to change on the part of the staff. We
offer selected internal and external training, continuing education
and change programmes to ensure that the qualification levels of
our employees keep pace with the current requirements, guidance
is provided for structural changes and our employees can fulfil their
duties and responsibilities.

Motivation risk: Motivation risk arises when demotivating
factors are not eliminated and employees do not adequately
perceive motivating factors such as management or remuneration.
The effects (such as withheld performance by employees) can have
a direct impact on the working environment and the organisation's
productivity. Employee surveys enable us to respond as quickly as
possible to potential changes in our employees’ level of corporate
loyalty and to initiate adequate measures.

Departure risk: Departure risk takes into account the
consequences of undesired employee departures (for example, if an
employee resigns voluntarily), particularly when high performers
are involved. We take great care to ensure that the absence or
departure of employees does not result in long-term disruptions to
our operations. We also monitor staff turnover on a regular basis
from both a quantitative and a qualitative perspective.

Supply risk: Supply risk reflects the consequences of insufficient
staffing (for example, inadequate development of young staff) and
the resulting consequences (operating bottlenecks, increased
workload, lower productivity and illness). Appropriate quantitative
and qualitative staffing aims to ensure that internal operating
requirements, business activities and Commerzbank’s strategy can
be implemented.

Employees are a key resource for Commerzbank. Human resour-
ces risk is systematically managed by Group Human Resources with
the aim of identifying, assessing and managing risks, for instance by
applying selected personnel tools. The Board of Managing Directors
is regularly informed about human resources risk.

Overall, the Bank will continue to monitor human resources risk.
There is a risk that the human resources risk situation will
deteriorate as a result of frequent structural changes due to a
change in Group strategy. Change and organisational measures
have already been initiated to counter human resources risk.


--- Page 73 ---

To our Sha

Responsibility

Business strategy risk

Business strategy risk is the medium- to long-term risk of negative
influences on the achievement of Commerzbank’s strategic goals,
for example as a result of changes in the market or competitive
environment, capital market requirements, regulatory/political
factors or the inadequate implementation of the Group strategy
(primary risk drivers).

Group strategy is developed further in a process that takes both
external and internal factors into account. On the basis of these
factors, the full Board of Managing Directors sets out a sustainable
business strategy describing the major business activities and steps
required to meet the targets. To ensure proper implementation of
the Group strategy to achieve the business targets, strategic
controls are carried out through regular monitoring of quantitative
and qualitative targets in the Group and the segments.

Responsibility for strategic corporate management lies with the
full Board of Managing Directors. Specific business policy decisions
(acquisition and sale of equity holdings > €300m) also require the
authorisation of the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee. In
addition, all major initiatives and projects are decided by the full
Board of Managing Directors.

Management Rep!

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

153. Other risks

Model risk

Model risk is the risk of incorrect management decisions based on
an inaccurate depiction of reality by the models used. With regard
to the causes of model risk we distinguish between model risk from.
exceeding model boundaries and model risk from model errors.
(manual errors in model development/ implementation). In line with
the focus of the Group risk strategy, namely to ensure that the Bank
has adequate capital and liquidity, the models for assessing risk-
bearing capacity (capital requirements under the Basel framework
and economic capital requirements, respectively) and liquidity
resources are central for risk management.

The basic principles of model risk management are the
identification and avoidance of model risks and appropriate
consideration of known model risks (e.g. through conservative
calibration or consideration of margins of conservatism or model
reserves). Model risks that are unknown and hence cannot be
mitigated are accepted as an inherent risk in the complexity of the
Commerzbank business model. In respect of the governance of
model risk management, requirements relating to model validation
and model changes are established.

The current coronavirus pandemic, with its considerable eco-
nomic and social impact as well as the mitigating support provided
by governments, poses major challenges for the risk models used.
Commerzbank has introduced a series of measures to counter the
increased model risk and to ensure appropriate management even.
in the current phase. For example, the ongoing monitoring of model
performance has been expanded and the processes for using the
models have been partially refined and adapted.

161


--- Page 74 ---

162 Commerzbank Annual Report 2020

Disclaimer

Commerzbank’s internal risk measurement methods and models
which form the basis for the calculation of the figures shown in this
report are state-of-the-art and based on banking sector practice. The
risk models produce results appropriate to the management of the
Bank. The measurement approaches are regularly reviewed by Risk
Controlling and Internal Audit as well as by German and European
supervisory authorities. Despite being carefully developed and
regularly checked, models cannot cover all the influencing factors

that have an impact in reality or illustrate their complex behaviour
and interactions. These limits to risk modelling apply in particular in
extreme situations. Supplementary stress tests and scenario
analyses can only show examples of the risks to which a portfolio
may be exposed in extreme market situations. However, stress-
testing all imaginable scenarios is not feasible. Stress tests cannot
offer a final estimate of the maximum loss should an extreme event

occur.
