willy
zw
This management report has been prepared taking into consideration the “Guide of

recommendations for the preparation of Management Reports of listed companies”, published
by the CNMV in July 2013.

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 213

&203$1< 29(59,(:

, ,%(5°52/$7TV LGHQWLW\ DQG LWV WULSOH GLPHQVLRQ_ E
LQOVWLWXWLRQDO

IBERDROLA heads a leading global group in the energy sector. Its activities are focused on the
production, transmission, distribution and supply of electricity, which is essential for millions of
users and customers. IBERDROLA relies on environmentally friendly and innovative sources of
energy and technologies to remain at the forefront of digital transformation.

IBERDROLA pursues its corporate interests by observing best corporate governance practices
and taking into consideration all stakeholders affected by its business activities and related to
its institutional reality. It therefore seeks to build a framework of relationships based on
continuous dialogue and active listening, as well as on the principles of transparency and equal
treatment, thus enabling stakeholders to become part of its successful business enterprise and
allowing for the creation of strong ties with them that foster trust and nurture a sense of belonging
to a great company. In particular, IBERDROLA has been a pioneer in enhancing the effective
engagement of shareholders in the life of the company. It considers this to be of paramount
importance to remain a leader in this area.

Acutely aware of the clear economic, social and environmental impacts of all of its activities,
IBERDROLA maintains a constant two-way dialogue with its stakeholders and has accepted the
mandate of its shareholders, by implementing several amendments to its by-laws, to protect the
communities in which it operates and help them prosper, including the most fragile or vulnerable
groups.

IBERDROLA therefore views this mandate as an opportunity to work together in building a
healthier, more accessible energy model increasingly based on electricity, while respecting
human rights and championing initiatives that help achieve a more just, egalitarian and healthy
society. In doing so, it focuses on attaining the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
approved by the United Nations, most notably those relating to universal access to electricity
and the fight against climate change, but also others such as promoting innovation, improving
levels of education, protecting biodiversity, gender equality and, in particular, the empowerment
of women, as well as the protection of disadvantaged groups. Ultimately, it seeks to make all
stakeholders part of the social dividend, or shared value, generated by its activities, meaning
the sum of all the economic, social and environmental values that a company generates through
its activities across the communities in which it operates.

+ 7TKH ,%(5’52/$ *URXS

IBERDROLA is the parent and holding company of a group of companies present in Spain,
Portugal, the United Kingdom, the United States, Mexico and Brazil, among other countries. The
group is structured into three levels to segregate the functions of strategy, supervision and
control of the overall group (entrusted to the holding company); those of organisation and
coordination of the businesses of each country (entrusted to the country subholding companies);
and those involving the day-to-day administration and effective management of each of those
businesses (the purview of the head of business companies).

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy —
on™ Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 214
The corporate and governance structure of the IBERDROLA Group works in conjunction with
the Business Model, which allows the businesses to be globally integrated, seeks to achieve the
maximum operating efficiency of the various units and ensures the dissemination,
implementation and monitoring of the general strategy, the basic management guidelines
established for each business and best practices.

The Business Model combines a decentralised decision-making structure, inspired by the
principle of “subsidiarity”, with robust coordination mechanisms to ensure that all of the Group’s
businesses are globally integrated, all on the basis of an effective system of checks and
balances to prevent management power from becoming centralised in a single governance body
or person.

The IBERDROLA Group has minority shareholders in both the holding company and in certain
country subholding companies, such as the Brazilian company Neoenergia, S.A. and the
American company Avangrid, Inc., which is also listed on the securities market. Through a
special framework to strengthen the autonomy of its listed country subholding companies,
IBERDROLA ensures that the legitimate interests of the shareholders of such companies other
than IBERDROLA are adequately protected and harmoniously co-exist with the wider interests
of the Group and of the shareholders of the main holding company.

IBERDROLA has undergone a major transformation over the last 15 years, staying clearly
ahead of the energy transition in order to tackle the challenges posed by climate change and
the need for a clean and reliable smart business model.

Boasting a track record that spans over 170 years, today IBERDROLA is a worldwide leader in
the energy sector, the world leader in wind power production and one of the world’s largest
electric companies by stock market capitalisation. The group supplies electricity to some 100
million people in the countries in which it operates.

We lead the energy transition towards a sustainable model through investments in renewables,
smart grids, large-scale energy storage and digital transformation to offer cutting-edge products
and services to our customers.

As a result of our commitment to the environment and our support for the decarbonisation of the
economy, we are the leading electric company in renewables and we have managed to reduce
our emissions in Europe by 75% since 2000, reaching levels that are almost 75% below the
average of European companies.

The IBERDROLA Group is now present in the following countries and geographical areas,
where we hold a leading position and have become a benchmark due to our sustainable energy
model:

— Spain: leading energy company and leading wind power producer.

— International: present in Portugal, France, Italy, Germany, Greece, Hungary,
Romania, Cyprus, Australia, Japan and Poland.

— United Kingdom: 100% renewable producer, transmission and distribution networks
in Scotland, Wales and England.

— United States: electricity and gas distributor in New York, Maine, Connecticut and
Massachusetts and third largest wind power producer.

— Brazil: one of the energy leaders.

— Mexico: leading private electricity producer.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 215

%XVLQHVV PRGHO

The current trends in the energy sector — the decarbonisation and electrification of the
economy, technological advances and customers’ increased connectivity — confirm the focus
of our three global businesses: networks, renewables, and generation and retail, and all of them
centred on the customer.

The IBERDROLA Group accelerates the creation of value through five strategic pathways:
profitable growth, operational excellence, a customer-focused approach, optimisation of capital
and, finally, digitalisation and innovation.

To make its business model as competitive as possible, IBERDROLA has organised the
management of its activities into three global businesses:

SHQHZDEOHV % @& tegeWabdles area is tasked with generating and marketing
electricity from renewable sources: wind (onshore and offshore), hydroelectric and mini-
hydroelectric, solar thermal, photovoltaic, biomass, etc.

1HWZRUNV % Xh€ beQwidrks\area is responsible for the construction, operation and
maintenance of power lines, substations, transformer substations and other facilities for
delivering electric power from the production centres to the end user.

*HQHUDWLRQ DQG 5H Wdyererdticn urd @etaiVavea focuses on the production

of electricity through the construction, operation and maintenance of generation plants and
the sale and purchase of energy in wholesale markets. It also supplies energy and
additional products and services to end customers.

3XUSRVH DQG 9DOXHV RI WKH ,%(5’52/$ *URX

The Group’s purpose, or reason for being, is none other than to continue working together to
build a healthier and more accessible energy model increasingly based on electricity. In
response to the most recent developments and best practices in the realm of corporate
governance, this purpose now replaces, by integrating them, the mission and vision that the
IBERDROLA Group had until now been pursuing, while also identifying its ultimate objective,
the aim that steers its business, corporate and institutional reality and makes it a major player
in ensuring the sustainable economic and social progress of all its stakeholders and all the
communities in which it operates. This purpose includes the social dividend, which, together
with the economic dividend, is embodied in the By-Laws and both of which represent the group’s
real and effective contribution to the different economic and social environments in which it is
present.

The Group’s purpose is based on three corporate values: sustainable energy, integrating force
and driving force, all of which express its desire to become involved in and commit to the social
reality in which its business activities unfold, with all the demands, challenges and opportunities
this entails.

The corporate purpose and values, established in the Purpose and Values of the IBERDROLA
Group, are the general principles that inform the Corporate Governance System, and are also
the basis for the Code of Ethics, a binding and mandatory set of commitments that all directors,
professionals and suppliers of the group have embraced as part of their pledge to implement
and achieve said purpose and values.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iilliyy
aww
7KH *URXSYV SXUSRVH

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 216

The Group’s purpose and therefore our reason for being is to continue working together to build
a healthier and more accessible energy model increasingly based on electricity.

This purpose, focused on the well-being of people and the preservation of our planet, reflects
the strategy that the Group has been pursuing for years and its commitment to continue fighting
for:

a) A real and global energy transition which, based on the decarbonisation and
electrification of the energy sector in particular and of the economy as a whole,
contributes to the fight against climate change and generates new opportunities for
economic, social and environmental development.

b) An energy model increasingly based on electricity, forsaking the use of fossil fuels to
make wider use of renewable energy sources, efficient energy storage systems, smart
grids and digital transformation.

c) An energy model that is healthier for people, whose short-term health and well-being
depend on the quality of their environment.

d) An energy model that is more accessible for all, favouring inclusiveness, equality,
equity and social development.

e) An energy model that is built in collaboration with all of the players involved and with
society as a whole.

T7TKH *URXSQFV YDOXHV

To achieve the Group’s purpose, the Group’s strategy and all of its actions are inspired by and
based on three core values:

a) Sustainable energy: we aim to inspire while creating economic, social and
environmental value for all the communities in which we operate, with our sights firmly
set on the future.

We act responsibly toward people, communities and the environment and we are fully
committed to the sustainable development strategy defined by the Company’s Board
of Directors, which seeks to maximise the social dividend generated by the Group’s
activities and businesses, from which our stakeholders ultimately benefit.

To this end, all Group professionals work in accordance with the ethical principles
established in the Code of Ethics.

More precisely, they seek to ensure transparency, the safety of people, sustainable
value creation for the Company and its environment, while striving to identify and
understand the expectations of all stakeholders and working to ensure the well-being
of both present and future generations.

b) Integrating force: we possess great strength and a deep sense of responsibility and

we therefore work together and combine our talents towards a purpose that will benefit
everyone involved.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
willy —
AN AY Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 217

The Group’s professionals make up a diverse team that is ready to achieve the success
of our business project. To this end, the Group seeks to ensure that its professionals
work without geographic, cultural or operational barriers, share talent, knowledge and

information, and adopt a global long-term vision.

In building this team, the Group drives the development of its professionals and helps
train future generations in order to foster their enthusiasm, empathy and initiative at
work and to promote solidarity and creativity as well as their respect for human
relations. The Group also encourages genuine and honest dialogue between its human
team and the other stakeholders.

c) Driving force: we make small and large changes while being efficient and self-
demanding, always in pursuit of continuous improvement.

We innovate and promote large and small changes that make life easier for people.

We expect our professionals to adopt a non-conformist attitude, to constantly seek
excellence and opportunities for improvement, to embrace change and new ideas, to
learn from mistakes, to evolve with feedback on their actions and to anticipate the
needs of stakeholders. To achieve this, we favour simple, agile and efficient processes
that feature the latest technology for organising work and sharing information.

,%(5°52/$EV FRUSRUDWH JRYHUQDQFH PRGHO

&RUSRUDWH *RYHUQDQFH 6\VWHP

IBERDROLA constantly updates its Corporate Governance System, consisting of the By-Laws,
the Purpose and Values of the IBERDROLA Group and the Code of Ethics, the Corporate
Policies, the governance rules of the corporate decision-making bodies and of other functions
and internal committees, and compliance. In order to develop and implement specific aspects
of its Corporate Governance System, the Company promotes the creation of working groups
composed of authorised representatives of the stakeholder group affected in each case,
Company employees and top-level external experts in the relevant field.

IBERDROLA develops its strategy in accordance with a purpose and values to which all the
entities and people making up the Group are committed, with the creation of sustainable value,
the achievement of the social dividend and leadership in the development of its activities being
the common element among them.

The General Corporate Governance Policy contains a summary of the basic principles
regulating the corporate governance of the Company and the Group and of its most important
components. They are all available on www.iberdrola.com.

&RUSRUDWH DQG JRYHUQDQFH VWUXFWXUH 1
WKH *URXS

Given the nature of the activities carried out by the IBERDROLA Group, its organisation is based
on the strategic business units, rather than on product and service lines. These businesses are
managed independently, as they concern different technologies, regulations and geographic
markets.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
\
Z7TTTN\

tility

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 218

The IBERDROLA Group has a decentralised structure and management model designed to
bring decision-making closer to the places where decisions should have effect, through the
country subholding companies and the head of business companies. In addition, the Corporate
Governance System provides for measures granting the listed country subholding companies a
special framework of strengthened autonomy.

The corporate structure encompasses the Company (IBERDROLA, S.A.), the country
subholding companies and the head of business companies.

IBERDROLA, S.A. (holding company)

The Board of Directors defines and supervises the policies, strategies and general
guidelines for management of the Group and adopts strategic decisions.

The chairman & CEO, with the technical support of the Operating Committee, the Business
CEO and the rest of the management team assume the duty of organisation and strategic
coordination through the dissemination, implementation and monitoring of the overall
strategy and of the basic management guidelines established by the Board of Directors.

Country subholding companies

The country subholding companies group together the interests in the energy head of
business companies that carry out their activities in the different countries where the Group
operates.

They contribute to organisation and strategic coordination in their respective countries,
disseminating and implementing the Group’s guidelines and management policies.

They centralise the provision of services common to those head of business companies,
always in accordance with applicable law and, in particular, the legal provisions on the
separation of regulated activities.

They have boards of directors that include independent directors, as well as their own chief
executive officers, audit committees, internal audit areas and compliance divisions.

On the other hand, the companies that are not wholly-owned by the Group keep their own
corporate and governance structure in order to comply with the contractual obligations
undertaken with other external shareholders.

« Listed country subholding companies

Listed country subholding companies have a special framework of strengthened autonomy
with an impact on regulations, related-party transactions and management.

Head of business companies

The head of business companies assume decentralised executive responsibilities, have the
autonomy required to carry out the day-to-day administration and effective management of
each of the businesses, and are responsible for the day-to-day control thereof.

They are organised through their boards of directors, which may include independent
directors, and their own management bodies; they may also have their own audit
committees, internal audit areas and compliance divisions.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
RZ
aww
6LPSOLILHG VFKHPH RI WKH FRUSRUDWH VWUXFWXUH RI WKH JUR

{@) |BERDROLA S.A.

FIFE]

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 219

6 Holding company ea Subholding company

fi Head of business companies ie} Listed subholding company

1 Avangrid, Inc. is 81.50% owned by Iberdrola, S.A. @ Generation ES Networks a Renewable
* Neoenergia, S.A. is indirectly owned at a 50% + 1 share by Iberdrola, S.A. and retail ‘energy

This corporate set-up seeks to ensure agile and rapid decision-making in day-to-day
management, which is the purview of the head of business companies, while ensuring proper
coordination at the Group level, as a result of the supervisory functions performed by the country
subholding companies and the Company.

Based on this corporate structure, the Group’s governance model conforms to the following
principles, which duly distinguish between supervisory and control functions on the one hand,
and day-to-day administration and effective management on the other:

a) Vesting of powers in the Board of Directors to approve the Group’s strategic objectives,
define its organisational model and supervise the effective implementation thereof and
compliance therewith.

b) The organisation and strategic coordination of the Group is entrusted to the chairman
of the Board of Directors & chief executive officer (with the technical support of the
Operating Committee), the Business CEO, who has overall responsibility for all of the
Group’s businesses, and the rest of the management team.

c) The organisation and strategic coordination function is further strengthened through
the country subholding companies for those countries and businesses that the Board
of Directors so decides.

d) The head of business companies of the Group assume decentralised executive
responsibilities, have the autonomy required to carry out the day-to-day administration
and effective management of each of the businesses, and are responsible for the day-
to-day control thereof.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 220

Within the Group’s corporate and governance structure, the Operating Committee is an internal
committee of the Company whose main duty is to provide technical, informational and
management support to the chairman of the Board of Directors & chief executive officer, in order
to facilitate the development of the Group’s Business Model. The composition and duties of the
committee are described in the Internal Rules on Composition and Duties of the Operating
Committee.

2UJDQLVDWLRQ RI WKH ERDUG RU RI WKH
GHOHJDWHV LWV GHFLVLRQ PDNLQJ LQFOXGLQJ
SROLF\ IROORZHG ZLWK WKH JURXSQZV PLQRULW\

A comprehensive description of the governance structure of the Company and of the functions
and internal regulations of the committees can be found in section C of the Annual Corporate
Governance Report, which forms part of this Management Report.

SHJXODWRU\ IUDPHZRUN IRU WKH DFWLYLWL

A comprehensive description of sector regulations and of the operation of the electricity and gas
system in the markets in which the Group operates can be found in Appendix II (“Sector
regulation: most significant regulatory developments in the year”) to the Financial Statements.

ODLQ SURGXFWV DQG VHUYLFHV SURGXFWLR

The main products that IBERDROLA offers to its customers are electricity and natural gas, both
in the wholesale and retail markets until reaching the end consumer. It also offers a wide range
of products, services and solutions in the fields of:

-— Improving the quality of life, peace of mind and safety of the consumer.

-— Efficiency and energy services.

- Caring for the environment: renewable energy and sustainable mobility.

Quality of electricity supply and safety of the facilities.

— Installation of electrical infrastructure.

— Comprehensive management of energy facilities and supply.
Through its subsidiaries it also provides services for engineering and construction of power
generation, distribution and control facilities; operation and maintenance of power generation
facilities, land management and development; and sale and rental of housing, offices and retail

premises. More detailed information can be found in the “customers” section on
www.iberdrola.com.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
on™ Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 221
As a general rule, the companies directly manage the activities that belong to their core
business, and outsource others that are likely to be carried out more efficiently by other
specialised companies, from which IBERDROLA requires the adherence to certain quality
standards and responsible behaviour in the environmental, social and labour fields.

This information can be supplemented with the corresponding indicators described in the
Sustainability Report.

6WUDWHILF SLOODUV IRU WKH SHULR(

Twenty years ago, IBERDROLA anticipated that climate change would be one of the most
significant challenges of our time and adapted its business model to this reality. Since then,
IBERDROLA has invested more than EUR 120,000 million in order to achieve a safe, efficient
decarbonised energy model.

The fight against climate change is now more important than ever. In this context, IBERDROLA’s
vision rests on three pillars:

e¢ The need to further decarbonise the economy.

e¢ Technological advances, continuing the trend toward increased efficiency in sources
of renewable energy and electricity grids.

e |New demands from consumers, who will need new energy services the provision of
which will be possible thanks to the advantages offered by digitalisation.

These trends place electricity at the epicentre of the energy transition: sustained increase in
demand due to the electrification of energy end-uses such as transportation or the heating and
cooling industry will substantially increase the weight of electricity in respect of total end energy
consumption.'

To satisfy this growing demand for electricity, it will be essential to increase investment in
renewable energies, which, according to the International Energy Agency, could account for two
thirds of total electricity generation by 2040, and also in efficient, smart and flexible electrical
infrastructure to enable its transmission and distribution. Grids have thus become the backbone
of the energy transition.

In response to societal demand to meet the challenge of decarbonisation, many countries are
adopting measures to achieve the goal of climate neutrality by 2050. In view of this scenario,
IBERDROLA will continue developing its strategy in the different markets where it is present,
consolidating its position in renewable generation, networks and storage:

- In Spain, IBERDROLA will continue reinforcing its leading position in networks and
renewable energies, making the most of the greater visibility resulting from the Energy
and Climate Integrated National Plan. The company will also continue to develop its
renewable energy portfolio through wind and solar power projects in order to lay the
groundwork for future growth. Meanwhile, construction will begin on the green
hydrogen plant in Puertollano, the first plant of its kind in the country.

' According to the International Energy Agency, the contribution of electricity to the end demand for energy could climb to
31% by 2040 (World Energy Outlook 2020, Sustainable Development Scenario).

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 222

In the United States, AVANGRID is already one of the top three wind power producers
in the country, with eight regulated transmission and distribution companies operating
in the states of New York, Connecticut, Maine and Massachusetts. The company has
announced its merger with PNM Resources, which operates in the states of New
Mexico and Texas, and expects the deal to be completed in 2021. The company will
continue to invest in transmission and distribution networks and to grow in onshore and
offshore wind, as well as solar photovoltaics.

- In the United Kingdom, where Scottish Power has become the first 100% renewable
large utility, IBERDROLA will continue to cement its leadership in onshore and offshore
wind technologies. Highlights here include the development and construction of the
East Anglia One project in the North Sea, with 714 MW of installed capacity, which is
already fully operational. Moreover, the Group will continue to develop transmission
and distribution network infrastructures.

- In Mexico, IBERDROLA is the second largest producer in the country and has a
growing customer base.

- In Brazil, through NEONERGIA, is one of the country’s leading electricity groups. The
company is present in 18 states and has organic growth opportunities in the fields of
renewable energy and transmission and distribution networks. The acquisition of
Companhia Energética de Brasilia Distribuigao, which distributes power in Brasilia, will
also become effective in the first few months of 2021.

- Lastly, Iberdrola Energia Internacional is growing rapidly by investing in renewable
energies in countries such as Germany, France, Portugal, Italy and Ireland. The
acquisition of Infigen Energy in Australia was completed in 2020 and the company
expanded into new markets such as Sweden and Japan, where it has a portfolio of
offshore wind projects.

30DQ

IBERDROLA will continue to pursue its strategy of accelerating investment across the entire
electricity value chain, focusing on growing renewable capacity, increasing the resilience and
integration of a more complex electricity system through distribution and transmission grids,
developing further storage capacity and offering more energy solutions to customers.

To achieve this, I]BERDROLA will invest more than EUR 75,000 million by 2025 in all its areas
of activity, with 75% of this investment to be channelled into growth activities to maximise the
opportunities that will arise from the investment cycle around the world.

The renewable business will account for 51% of total organic investment, while 40% will go to
the networks business and 9% to the generation and trading business.

As a result, regulated businesses or those with long-term contracts in effect will account for
more than 90% of all planned investments.

By geographical area, IBERDROLA will invest around 85% in Europe and the United States,

with countries with good credit ratings accounting for more than 83% of the total organic
investment.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
itll
aww
(IILFLHQW RSHUDWLRQV DQG ILQDQFLDO VWUHQJWK

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 223

IBERDROLA will continue to boost its operating efficiency on the strength of technical progress
in digitalisation and of the synergies resulting from the standardisation of processes through the
implementation of the best practices of the group in all its businesses.

This profitable growth strategy will lead to a sustainable growth in profits, allowing the company
to improve shareholder remuneration in a growing and sustainable manner in line with profits,
as well as to maintain a strong financial position.

This section of IBERDROLA’s Management Report, Strategic pillars for the 2020-2025 period,
contains forward-looking information, including financial projections and estimates and their
underlying assumptions, statements regarding plans, objectives and expectations with respect
to future operations, capital expenditures, synergies, products and services, and statements
regarding future results or directors’ estimates which are based on assumptions that are
considered reasonable by them.

Although IBERDROLA believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking
statements are reasonable, investors and holders of IBERDROLA shares are cautioned that
forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many
of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of IBERDROLA, which risks
could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those stated in, or implied
or projected by, the forward-looking information and statements.

Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and have not been
reviewed by the auditors of IBERDROLA. You are cautioned not to make decisions based on
forward-looking statements, which speak only as at the date they were made. The forward-
looking statements included in this report are expressly qualified in their entirety by the
cautionary statement above. All forward looking statements included herein are based on the
information available as at the date of this management report. Except as required by applicable
law, IBERDROLA undertakes no obligation to publicly update its statements or to revise any
forward-looking information even if new data are published or upon the occurrence of future
events.

%86,1(66 3(5)250$1&( $1’ 5(68/76

*OREDO HQYLURQPHQW

&OLPDWH FKDQJH DQG WKH 3DULV DJUHHPHQ

The IBERDROLA Group’s strategy takes into account the Paris Agreement objectives of limiting
global temperature increase to 2°C and of achieving climate neutrality (Note 6).

D *RYHUQDQFH DQG VXVWDLQDELOLW\ V\VWHP

The IBERDROLA Group’s directors consider climate change to be a priority for the company,
having integrated it into its decision-making process. The IBERDROLA Group’s governance
system has various corporate bodies and internal committees that monitor compliance with and
implementation of climate action commitments. The Articles of Association approved by the
General Meeting of Shareholders in June 2021 establish the obligation of the Board of Directors
to approve, monitor and report regularly on the Climate Action Plan.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy —
“AI www Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 224

In this regard, the current Climate Action Policy establishes the framework of the IBERDROLA
Group’s strategy and business model, aligned with the Paris Agreement and the 2030 Agenda,
in the fight against climate change. In it, the IBERDROLA Group undertakes to continue to
assume a leadership position (directly and by establishing alliances), promoting awareness
(impacts, challenges and benefits of their achievement) and contributing to a carbon neutral and
sustainable future.

The Policy considers the implementation of the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) and other reference organisations for the identification and
reporting of long-term risks related to climate change.

The latest update of the policy, dated April 2021, sets out the company’s decarbonisation
objectives and basic principles for action in this area, and reflects the group’s commitment to:

— Contribute to the mitigation of climate change and the decarbonisation of the energy
model by gradually reducing the intensity of direct greenhouse gas emissions to below
50 grams of CO2 per kWh globally by 2030, continuing to develop electricity from
renewable sources, focusing innovation efforts on more efficient and less carbon-
intensive technologies and progressively introducing them in its facilities, until carbon
neutrality is achieved by 2050.

— Integrate climate change into internal decision-making processes, as well as into the
analysis and management of long-term risks for the group.

— Support international climate change negotiation processes, private sector
engagement in the global agenda, partnership building and climate awareness-raising

The IBERDROLA Group’s Investment Policy addresses the need to consider potential climate
change risks (physical and transitional) when making all new investment decisions.

Furthermore, as a result of these commitments by the IBERDROLA Group, the long-term
incentive plan proposed by the Board of Directors to the General Shareholders’ Meeting in 2020
includes, among others, objectives linked to the fight against climate change, such as the
acceleration of emission reduction targets. This commitment is aligned with the goal of reducing
global emissions intensity that contributes to SDGs 7 and 13. The remuneration structure for
executive directors and the management team considers economic-financial, operational and
sustainability aspects. In April 2020, a long-term remuneration plan was approved (Strategic
Bond 2020-2022, Note 22), which includes parameters related to the Sustainable Development
Goals, such as the reduction of the average intensity of CO2 emissions, the increase in suppliers
subject to sustainable development standards, among others.

AN P .

Climate change is a key element in defining the IBERDROLA Group’s strategy, focusing on the
promotion of clean technologies and innovation. IBERDROLA addresses it not only as a risk
factor, but also as an opportunity for growth through mitigation and adaptation actions during
the transition to a low-carbon economy.

Improving climate resilience involves assessing how climate change will create new risks or
opportunities or alter existing ones. Building resilient systems means, first and foremost, a
transformation to a decarbonised economy and technology, thus avoiding worst-case scenarios
and taking advantage of the opportunities that the energy transition offers.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy —
on™ Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 225
Thus, the IBERDROLA Group’s Climate Action policy includes, among its priority lines of action,
the analysis of risks and opportunities arising from climate change in the field of energy
transition, as well as physical risks, and the integration of climate science and adaptation and
resilience criteria in order to reduce or avoid the potential impacts of climate change on the
activity.

The IBERDROLA Group monitors and manages the impacts derived from climate change
through a permanent process of analysis, based on climate science and its application in the
company’s usual procedures, with a focus on planning, execution and control and continuous
improvement. This analysis concludes that, although there are risks, in general terms lberdrola’s
business model could be classified as resilient to climate change.

Climate change brings with it various risks, which, to a large extent, are not new risks for
Iberdrola. These risks, which are set out in the General Risk Control and Management Policy,
and which are therefore monitored periodically, can be grouped as follows:

— Transition risks linked to all risks that may arise during the gradual global
decarbonisation process, such as regulatory changes, market prices, technological
and reputational risks, lawsuits, changes in demand, etc.

— Physical risks arising from possible material impacts on the installations, as a
consequence of the effects of the future evolution of climatic variables, both chronic
(increase in temperatures, rise in sea level, variation in rainfall patterns) and extreme
(increase in frequency and intensity of extreme weather events such as heat waves,
hurricanes, floods, etc.)

Stemming from these risks, others may emerge, such as the credit impairment of counterparties
(suppliers, banks, etc.,), social phenomena (humanitarian crises, impact on crops and fishing,
refugee crises, epidemics, etc.) and larger competition for financial resources.

In 2020 lberdrola updated its strategy and published its 2020-2025 Outlook. Iberdrola’s
investment plan set out in the 2020-2025 outlook is committed to the development of renewable
energies, smart grids, the promotion of energy efficiency for our customers, digitalisation and
the geographic and technological diversification of its activity. Its design is based on the analysis
of future scenarios to assess its resilience to climate change risks, opportunities and threats.

The selected scenarios are based on plausible projections developed by the International
Energy Agency in the framework of the World Energy Outlook (WEO2020). The 2020-2025
Outlook is based on a central scenario, and additionally considers two other scenarios against
which potential risks and opportunities have been assessed:

— Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS): scenario aligned with achieving the Paris
Agreement goals (<2°C), improving air quality and universal access to electricity, all in
line with the UN SDGs. It sets out an ambitious and pragmatic vision of how the global
energy sector can evolve to achieve net zero emissions by 2070. In WEO-2020, the
SDDS also integrates the stimulus packages needed for a sustainable global recovery
of COVID-19. This is the baseline scenario used to prepare Iberdrola’s 2020-2025
outlook.

— Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS): provides the path towards where the energy sector

is likely to be heading in 2040 based only on the policies and measures already in
place or announced and the targets set.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
willy —

nw» Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 226

— Net Zero Emissions by 2050 (NZE2050) scenario: a new scenario framed in the
aspiration to achieve net zero emissions by mid-century, bringing forward the ambition

of the SDS scenario in relation to emission neutrality.

In order to achieve its commitment to reduce emissions, the IBERDROLA Group will continue
to promote and lead a business model and investment plan that is fully integrated into a
decarbonised future.

IBERDROLA has launched an investment plan, which will reach EUR 75 billion gross in the
period 2020-2025 to continue leading the transition to climate neutrality, focusing on renewable
energy, electricity grids, storage, sustainable mobility, Smart products for our customers and
new industrial vectors such as green hydrogen. Of the total, EUR 68 billion will be organic
investment, 51% of which will go to renewables, 40% to grids and the rest to the liberalised
business. On this horizon:

— 51% to renewables, where the world’s installed renewable power will increase twofold
to 60 GW.

— 40% of the organic investments planned for the period 2020-2025 (more than EUR 27
billion) will be earmarked for networks, to ensure the integration of renewable energies
and the electrification of the economy.

— Industry will be called on to play a leading role in green hydrogen, and this will be
pivotal in sectors where electrification is more challenging. To this end, 600 MW will
be installed and will be operational by 2025.

The 2020-2030 investment package will reach EUR 150 billion by 2030.

— IBERDROLA will triple its installed renewable capacity to 95 GW by 2030, highlighting
growth in offshore wind and expansion into new countries such as Sweden, Australia
and Japan.

— IBERDROLA will double its regulated asset base to EUR 60 billion by 2030, seeking
to decarbonise the economy and achieve universal access to energy.

— IBERDROLA will multiply the number of customer contracts, reaching ~70 million by
2030 and will focus on the progressive electrification of energy uses, Iberdrola will
produce ~85,000 tonnes of green hydrogen by 2030.

As part of the process, IBERDROLA has carried out a review and update of the transition
scenarios derived from climate change in different time horizons. The analysis has focused on:

— Reference transition scenarios.

— Interaction between key parameters to be used between scenarios and operational
business indicators.

— Operational indicators by business/geography.

— Impact of alternative scenarios compared to Iberdrola’s base case.
As noted above, the selected scenarios are based on plausible projections developed by the
International Energy Agency in the framework of the World Energy Outlook (WEO2020). The
2020-2025 Outlook is based on a central scenario, the Sustainable Development Scenario
(SDS), and additionally considers two other scenarios against which potential risks and

opportunities have been assessed:

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
tility

AN AY Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 227
7

— The Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS) to 2030 projects an increasing

contribution from the electricity sector, as shown in the table below.
&KI
Electricity demand (TWh/year) 22.620 26.993 19%
Electrification (%) 19% 24% 26%
Renewables in generation mix (%) 27% 52% 93%
Installed renewable capacity (GW) 2.707 7.037 160%
Installed gas capacity (GW) 1.788 2.022 13%
CO2 intensity (grCO2/kWh) 463 247 (47) %
Total CO2 emissions electricity sector (Mt CO2) 13.699 7.786 (43) %

— Inthe same SDS scenario to 2050 electricity demand and final energy electrification
almost doubles compared to the base year (2019). The trend towards progressive
electrification of the energy system is significantly accentuated in scenarios with higher
climate ambition, as shown in the table below:

66
(OHFWULFLW\ G
+k \HDU OHARSLILFDWLRQ
2019 22,620 20%
SDS: Sustainable Development Scenario (source IEA) 41,000 37%
NZE2050: Net Zero Emissions Scenario in 2050 (source IEA 2020) 60,000 49%
STEP 2050 (source IEA 2021) 40,000 30%

F 2EMHFWLYHV

By the end of 2021, the IBERDROLA Group had achieved a 70% reduction in direct emissions
compared to 2000, reaching 60 gCO2/kWh in Europe in 2021 and 96 gCO2/kWh globally,
through the closure of all its coal and diesel plants (17 plants, equivalent to 8.5 GW). The
IBERDROLA Group is committed to reducing its global CO2 emissions intensity to 50
gCO2/kWh by 2030.

*OREDO GLUHFW HPLVVLRQV LQWHQVLW\

2000 350
2020 98
2021 96
2025 <70
2030 ~50
2050 ~0

In 2021, lberdrola continued to make progress in its commitment to the Paris Agreement and
the energy transition, and in the targets already set to be a carbon neutral company in Europe
by 2030, 20 years ahead of the European Union’s target, and also to reduce its global emissions
intensity to 50 g¢O2/kWh by 2030 and to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050.

It will do so mainly by minimising emissions in its production mix and neutralising the resulting
residual emissions by 2030.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy —
on™ Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 228
The IBERDROLA Group pledges not to build any additional thermal power plants to those
already under way. Investing in this type of generation is mainly justified by the need to provide
energy to the population without access to energy (i.e. Mexico) or to ensure an adequate
integration of renewable energy.

The IBERDROLA Group regularly reviews the expected emissions in 2050 of the thermal power
plants in operation on that date in accordance with the different updates of its strategic plan.

G 5HJXODWLRQ

Given that the Paris Agreement is universal and legally binding for all nations that signed it,
these projections also take into account the commitments of the five main jurisdictions in which
Iberdrola operates, all of which have ratified the agreement.

In recent years, these countries gradually acquired emission reduction commitments with
different levels of intensity, which they have officially presented in their respective Nationally
Determined Contributions (NDCs), while integrating adaptation to climate change into their
management plans and policies, as summarised below.

It is a dynamic agreement with an upward ambition review mechanism in five-year cycles, with
intermediate diagnostics on progress towards meeting targets as the first milestone in the
ambition review, a process that will last throughout 2021 and until COP 26 scheduled for
November 2021. The next diagnostic will be carried out in 2023. It is assumed that successive
reviews of the NDCs will generate more ambitious climate targets and policy frameworks, which
will have an impact on the ensuing estimates and forward-looking exercises.

Under the Paris Agreement, Parties also had to submit long-term decarbonisation strategies
(mainly to 2050). At the high-level summit to mark the fifth anniversary of the Paris Agreement
on 12 December 2020, 128 countries (United States, European Union, China, Japan, South
Korea, etc.) had announced or included in regulations commitments aligned with achieving net
zero emissions by around 2050, representing around 70% of the global economy.

(XURSHDQ 8QLRQ

Europe’s climate contribution, submitted in December 2020 to the United Nations
Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), includes its 2030 emission
reduction targets, with a 55% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions compared to 1990,
as well as the basic features of the measures to be put in place to meet this target. Since
its adoption in December 2019, the European Green Deal has been the roadmap and
strategy for growth towards a sustainable and competitive model. It is based on an efficient
use of resources with the aim of achieving climate neutrality by 2050 and meeting the
objectives of the Paris Agreement. The European Green Deal also defines the actions and
policies necessary to achieve climate neutrality. Since it was approved, instruments such
as the Emissions Trading Directive, the Regulation on Effort Sharing between Member
States and the Energy Taxation Directive have been revised. The European Green Deal
also sets the roadmap for the development of member states’ instruments to contribute to
the global goals. Its governance framework establishes ambition cycles aligned with the
Paris Agreement, at the heart of which are the National Energy and Climate Plans.

6SDLQ
With a common EU objective in sight, the reduction of greenhouse (GHG) emissions in

Spain should hinge on the implementation of the aforementioned European Green Deal
and the regulatory instruments rolled out to meet the 2030 emissions reduction target.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
\
Z7TTTN\

tility

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 229

At the legislative level, the Spanish government is currently drafting a Climate Change and
Energy Transition Bill that transposes the main elements of the Paris Agreement to the
Spanish regulatory framework. In particular, it sets the goal of achieving zero net emissions
by 2050. The National Energy and Climate Plan (NECP) for 2021-2030 includes an
emissions reduction target of 23% by 2030 (compared to 1990) along with ambitious targets
for renewable energy (42%) and energy efficiency (39.6%) by that year.

8SQLWHG .LQJGRP

The United Kingdom is reviewing its contribution to the Paris Agreement and formally
submitted its revised NDC to the UNFCCC in December 2020, with a 2030 emissions
reduction target of at least 68% compared to 1990.

In December, the government also presented the 10-Point Plan for a Green Industrial
Revolution, which sets out the roadmap for a sustainable, job-creating recovery with
increased momentum towards net-zero emissions.

8QLWHG 6WDWHV

The United States is required to submit a revised NDC in 2021, following the recent change
of government and its application for re-entry as a signatory to the Paris Agreement. The
new administration has stated that increased action is needed on climate issues at the
global level.

At the same time as federal action, state-level legislative and planning activities continue.
All states have at least one climate change law, and 29 of them also have laws and
regulations to promote the penetration of renewable energy. The United States also has
three state-level emissions trading systems (ETS).

OH[LFR

Under the Paris Agreement, Mexico has submitted a revised NDC to the UNFCCC in 2020
in which it commits to an unconditional reduction of its GHG emissions of 22% and 51% of
its black carbon emissions compared to a Business as Usual scenario, and increasing this
target to 36% and 70% respectively, depending on the fulfilment of other conditions.

%UDILO

Brazil was one of the few developing countries to submit an NDC to reduce emissions in
absolute terms, targeting a 37% reduction in GHG emissions by 2025 compared to 2005
and 43% by 2030.

In 2020, it presented a revised NDC maintaining the same level of ambition, but introducing
ideas for future improvements contingent upon financial support from the international
community.

Section 4.6.2. of the Management Report “Climate change risks” provides an analysis of
these risks in each of the Group’s businesses.

The “Non-financial Statement’ accompanying these Financial Statements provides further
information about climate change and the Paris Agreement.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 230

&29,’

The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continued to have an impact on the Group’s operations and
results in FY2021, although substantially less so than in the previous year.

While it is difficult to accurately gauge the impact of COVID-19 on these Financial Statements, the
IBERDROLA Group, based on the best available information, estimates are for a reduction in EBITDA
of EUR 154 million due to the pandemic’s effect on demand and an increase in non-payments of EUR
96 million.

These impacts break down as follows:

-HPDQG IRQ SD\PHQWV
* HUDWLR D * HUDWLR DQG

OLOOLRQV RI HXURV LHWZRUN¥R wo fHwZRUNV® wo
Spain _— (18) = (22)

United Kingdom 3 (34) = (16)

United States _ _ (29) _

Mexico _ _ _ _

Brazil (52) = (15) =

lel = (53) = (14)

7TRWDO

At the date of authorisation for issue of these Financial Statements, it is not possible to make a
precise estimate of the future impact of COVID-19 on the Company’s earnings in the coming
months because it remains to be seen how quickly the economies of the countries in which the
Group operates will recover. Further uncertainties include the duration of the government
measures currently in effect and the fact that we may see further measures in the coming
months.

&XUUHQF\ SHUIRUPDQFH

In 2021, the exchange rates of IBERDROLA’s main reference currencies the US dollar and the
Brazilian real depreciated against the euro by 3.5% and 7.6%, respectively, while the pound
sterling appreciated by 3.5%, pushing down total EBITDA by EUR 169 million and Net profit by
EUR 74 million.

"HPDQG
With regard to the evolution of demand in the period in the company’s main areas of activity:

- Key points about the energy balance in the peninsular system in 2021 were: an
increase in wind (+10%), solar (+29.3%) and coal (+3%) production, a decrease in
hydroelectric (-3.4%), combined cycle (-2%) and nuclear (-3.1%), compared to same
period of the previous year.

Meanwhile, demand was up 2.4% on 2020 when adjusted for work and temperature
factors.

The year 2021 ended with a hydro producer index of 0.9 and hydro reserves at 50.8%,
compared with an index of 1 and reserve levels of 51.0% at year-end 2020.

— In the United Kingdom, electricity demand was up 2.2% on 2020, while gas demand
rose by 2%.

— Inthe areas where Avangrid operates on the east coast of the United States, electricity
demand was up 2%, while gas demand was up 3.8% when compared with 2020.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 231

— The demand in Neoenergia’s areas of operation in Brazil was down 13.4% on 2020.

+LJKOLJKWV RI WKH ,%(5’°52/$ *URXS

In describing the evolution of the IBERDROLA Group’s results, it is necessary to highlight the
following non-recurring effects recorded during the year.

1. The Supreme Court ruling declaring null and void the application of the hydroelectric
levy derived from Law 15/20212, which has led to the recording in Spain of income of
EUR 951 million under the heading “Taxes other than income tax” and EUR 155
million of late-payment interest under the heading “Finance income” (Notes 40 and
42).

2. On 24 May 2021, the UK Government and Parliament approved the increase of the
corporate tax rate from 19% to 25% effective 1 April 2023. In accordance with IAS 12,
deferred taxes have been recalculated at the new expected tax rate. The effect of this
revaluation has been an increase in “Corporate income tax expense” of EUR 508
million.

3. The implementation of efficiency measures, with an impact of EUR 94.2 million at
EBITDA level, which will allow for optimisation of future results.

%XVLQHVV SHUIRUPDQFH
$QDO\VLV RI WKH ,QFRPH VWDWHPHQW

Key figures for 2021 are as follows:

OLOOLRQV RI HXURV &KDQIH
Revenue 39,114 33,145 18.0
Gross income “) 17,062 16,145 5.7
EBITDA ® 12,006 10,038 19.6
EBIT © 7,343 5,564 32.0
Net profit for the period attributable to the parent 3,885 3,611 7.6

(“) Gross Income: Revenue - Supplies
(2) EBITDA: Operating profit + Depreciation, amortisation and provisions + Valuation adjustments on trade receivables and contract

assets
(3) EBIT: Operating profit

In 2021, the IBERDROLA Group reported EBITDA of EUR 12,006 million, up 19.6%, albeit
negatively impacted by the exchange rate effect of EUR 169 million, without which it would have
risen by 21.3%.

EBITDA is also affected by, on the one hand, the negative impact of COVID on demand and,

on the other hand, a number of court rulings and legal measures in Spain and the efficiency
measures described above.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy —
“AI www Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 232
From an operational point of view, positive contributions were made by Networks assets in the
United States and Brazil, higher installed renewable capacity and the increase in renewable
production in the different geographies. On the negative side, of particular note is the UK
business, with lower margins due to the need to buy energy on the spot market at high prices
as a result of low wind power production; and Mexico, temporarily affected by a upturn in gas
costs as a result of the cold snap that affected the US state of Texas in February, an impact that
should be recouped over the coming months as electricity rates incorporate these fuel prices in
their calculation.

Profit for the year exceeded the guidance initially set. All countries turned in a positive

performance thanks to the growth in all businesses, which resulted in the parent company’s
profit for the year gaining EUR 274 million 7.6% on 2020 to reach EUR 3,885 million.

*URVV LQFRPH
Gross income came to EUR 17,062 million, up EUR 917 million, or 5.7%, compared to the figure
reported in 2020. Stripping out the exchange rate effect of EUR 267 million, it would be EUR

1,184 million (7.3%) up on the figure reported in the previous year.

Gross income by business is as follows:

OLOOLRQV RI HXURV &KDQJH
Networks business 8,273 7,615 8.6
Renewables business 5,484 3,758 45.9
Liberalised business 3,320 4,794 (30.7)
Other businesses 25 16 56.3
Corporation and adjustments (40) (38) 5.3

*URVV LQFRPH

- 1HWZRUNV EXVLQHVV

The Networks business increased its contribution by EUR 658 million, 8.6% to reach EUR 8,273
million (EUR 7,615 million in 2020). The exchange rate effect was responsible for a reduction of
EUR 223 million and the business improved its contribution by EUR 881 million.

From an operating standpoint, the higher contribution from Networks assets was positive thanks
to: the increase in the regulatory asset base, which rose 6% compared to year-end 2020, at
constant exchange rates; the new tariff revisions in force, which include the tariff recognition of
new investments and the offsetting of regulatory assets and liabilities from previous years; and
Brazil, where the devaluation was offset by the positive impact of tariff and inflation adjustments
at the distribution companies and the higher contribution from transmission assets, as well as
the consolidation of Neoenergia Distribuigao Brasilia from the beginning of March.

- SHQHZDEOH EXVLQHVV

The Renewables business increased its contribution to gross income by EUR 1,726 million,
45.9% to reach EUR 5,484 million (EUR 3,758 million in 2020).

The exchange rate effect was responsible for a reduction of EUR 22 million in gross income,
while and the business improved by EUR 1,748 million.

This improvement is mainly due to the increase in the average power in operation in Spain, the
United States, Mexico and Brazil and the contributions of the countries grouped in lberdrola
Energia Internacional (IEI), Australia, France and Poland. During the year, 3,156 MW were
installed.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 233

- /LEHUDOLVHG EXVLQHVYV

The Liberalised business decreased its contribution to gross income by EUR 1,474 million,
30.7% to reach EUR 3,320 million (EUR 4,794 million in 2020).

The exchange rate effect was responsible for a reduction of EUR 21 million in gross income,
while the business reduced its contribution by EUR 1,453 million. The decrease is explained by
the increase in supply costs, mainly due to trends in gas and CO2 prices, while selling prices
were mostly already fixed, and the impact in the UK of sectoral costs resulting from the energy
crisis which are temporarily borne by suppliers.

- 2WKHU EXVLQHVVHV

Other businesses improved their contribution to gross income by EUR 9 million to reach EUR
25 million compared to EUR 16 million in the previous year, mainly due to real estate sales.

*URVV RSHUDWLQJ SURILW (%,7°$
Consolidated EBITDA was up EUR 1,968 million (19.6%) to EUR 12,006 million compared to

EUR 10,038 million in 2020. The net effect of exchange rates fluctuations had a negative impact
EUR 169 million.

Contributions by business were as follows:

OLOOLRQV RI HXURV &KDQIH
Networks business 5,394 4,783 12.8
Renewables business 5,521 2,596 112.7
Liberalised business 905 2,580 (64.9)
Other businesses 37 _ _
Corporation and adjustments 149 79 88.6
(%,7°$

In addition to the above-mentioned gross income performance, the variables behind the
EBITDA performance are as follows

- 1HW RSHUDWLQJ H[SHQVHV

Net operating expenses fell by EUR 59 million (1.4%) to EUR 4,227 million (EUR 4,286 million
in 2020). The exchange rate effect pushed up net operating expenses by EUR 85 million.
Excluding this impact, this heading would be up EUR 26 million. The increase is due to the
incorporation of new businesses such as Neo Distribu¢ao Brasilia, Infigen (Australia) and Aalto
Power (France). The costs of implementing the efficiency plans are more than offset by the
impact of the exchange rate and the contribution to Other operating income of the incorporation
of new renewable capacity to the joint vehicle with Mapfre.

As described in Note 2.c, the presentation of the Income statement has been changed with
respect to 2020 by including in this item the gains or losses from the loss of control of
consolidated shareholdings. A gain of EUR 230 million was recorded in 2021 due to the loss of
control of the wind farms included in the agreement reached with Mapfre within the asset rotation
process.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
itll
vs Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 234
ANAS
Net operating expenses by business were as follows:

OLOOLRQV RI HXURV &KDQIJH
Networks business (2,207) (2,147) 2.8
Renewables business (636) (791) (19.6)
Liberalised business (1,586) (1,416) 12.0
Other businesses 12 (15) (180.0)

190 83 128.9

Corporation and adjustments
1HW RSHUDWLQJ H[SHQVHV

- TD[HV RWKHU WKDQ LQFRPH WD[

Taxes other than income tax decreased by EUR 992 million, to EUR 829 million (EUR 1,821
million in 2020). The exchange rate effect improves the comparison by EUR 11 million. The
variation is mainly due to the extraordinary gains from of the hydroelectric levy ruling, which
represents net revenues of EUR 951 million in Spain, as mentioned above.

1HW RSHUDWLQJ SURILW - (%,7

EBIT totalled EUR 7,343 million, up 32.0% on 2020 (EUR 5,564 million). The breakdown by
business is as follows:

OLOOLRQV RI HXURV &KDQIJH
Networks business 3,362 2,880 16.7
Energy Production and Customers business 3,913 2,728 43.4
Other businesses 27 (11) 345.5
Corporation and adjustments 41 (33) 224.2

(%,7

9DOXDWLRQ DGMXVWPHQWV WUDGH DQG FRQWUDFW DVVHW

Trade payable provisions totalled EUR 369 million, down EUR 12 million on 2020 (EUR 381
million).
$PRUWLVDWLRQ GHSUHFLDWLRQ DQG SURYLVLRQV

Amortisation and depreciation was up EUR 225 million (5.7%) to reach EUR 4,197 million, due
to a wider asset base and business growth within the Group.

Provisions for impairment and write-downs of non-financial assets decreased by EUR 25 million
and the change in Provisions increased by EUR 1 million compared to 2020.

@é0 \BERDROLA

www.iberdrola.com
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 235

1HW ILQDQFH LQFRPH FRVW

Financial losses were up by EUR 12 million to EUR 1,003 million (EUR 991 million in 2020),
putting average interest expenses at 3.24% and the average cost of adjusted financial debt at
3.60% (2.86% and 3.18% respectively in 2020).

The breakdown of items in said variation is as follows:

OLOOLRQV RI HXURV &KDQIH
Gains/(losses) on debt (1,312) (1,175) (137)
Derivatives and measurement differences in foreign currency (32) 90 (122)
Interim interest 145 149 (4)
Discounting to present value of provisions (116) (127) 11
Other 312 72 240
TRWDO

The change can be largely explained by:

-— Gains on debt increased by EUR 137 million, EUR 155 million due to higher costs
partially offset by EUR 18 million due to a decrease in the average balance by EUR
586 million. The cost of debt is up 42 basis points due to higher inflation in Brazil, which
is more than offset by the operating profit of the distributors also indexed to inflation.
Without Brazil, the cost of adjusted net financial debt is down by 4 basis points from
2.93% in 2020 to 2.89% in 2021.

- Other items contributed an improvement of EUR 125 million, which was mainly due to

the collection of interest on arrears and the marking to market of equity investments,
partly offset by the worse result from exchange rate hedges.

3URILW ORVV RI HTXLW\ DFFRXQWHG LQYHVWHHV
Profit/(loss) at equity-accounted investees was a negative EUR 39 million.

The comparison is affected by the sale of SIEMENS GAMESA in 2020, which resulted in a gross
capital gain of EUR 485 million.

The negative result in this item in 2021 is a result of the EUR 75 million impairment loss on Norte
Energia following its classification as available-for-sale. The remaining effects on the results of
companies accounted for using the equity method amounted to EUR 36 million

1HW SURILW IRU WKH SHULRG DWWULEXWDEOH WR WKH SDU!]

Net profit/(loss) for the year amounted to EUR 3,885 million, up EUR 274 million (7.6%) on the
previous year’s total of EUR 3,611 million.

Corporate income tax expense was up by EUR 831 million to EUR 1,914 million, compared to
EUR 1,083 million in 2020. The effect is mainly due to the progressive increase of the UK tax
rate from 17% to 19% in 2020 and from 19% to 25% in 2021 which resulted in an increase of
EUR 508 million for adjustments to deferred tax assets and liabilities.

The effective tax rate for the financial year 2021 was 23.42% compared to 22.38% for the
financial year 2020.

Meanwhile, non-controlling interests increased by EUR 126 million to EUR 467 million, mainly
due to higher earnings in both the United States and Brazil.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
RN
\
NNW

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 236

2SHUDWLQJ SHUIRUPDQFH LQ WKH SHULRG

1HWZRUNV EXVLQHVV

During the financial year 2021, the electricity distributed by the Group amounted to 237,752
GWh, an increase of 5.7% compared to the previous year. Of particular note is the increase in
Brazil following the integration of Neoenergia Brasilia from March 2021.

FKJ
Spain 90,962 88,390 2.9
United Kingdom 32,221 31,738 1.5
United States 38,756 38,012 2.0
Brazil 75,813 66,857 13.4
7TRWDO HOHFWULFDO GLVWULEXWLRQ *ZK
At power plant busbars
FKJ
United States 61,365 59,134 3.8

TRWDO JDV GLVWULEXWLRQ #:K

Electricity and gas supply points reached 33.90 million, up 4.9% year-on-year, thanks to organic
growth in all geographies and the incorporation of Neoenergia Brasilia, which contributed 1.1
million supply points with the following breakdown:

(OHFWULFLW\
Spain

11.28 11.21
United Kingdom 3.55 3.54
United States 2.30 2.27
Brazil 15.74 14.28
TRWDO HOHFWULFLW\
*DV
United States 1.03 1.02
TRWDO JDV

TRWDO VXSSO\ SRLQWV PLOOLRQV

6SDLQ

The IBERDROLA Group has 11.28 million supply points, slightly above the figure reported at
the end of the previous year. Total energy distributed came to 90,962 GWh, up 2.9% on 2020
(88,390 GWh). The lockdown measures have had an impact on this decline in demand.

www.iberdrola.com

@é0 \BERDROLA
willy

aww
The table shows the values of the TIEPI (interruption time in minutes), and NIEPI (number of
interruptions) in relation to the previous year:

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 237

Regulatory TIEPI <39 42.00
Accumulated NIEPI <0.9 0.90

The indicators improved even though I-DE’s network was heavily affected in January by the
unprecedented snowstorm Filomena, which affected a total of 270,000 customers across the
peninsula. In this context, i-DE managed to restore service to 70% of the affected customers in
less than 30 minutes, thanks to the degree of automation of the grid and automatic supply
restoration developments.

In September, the cold drop storm caused heavy storms and flooding. It affected a total of
120,000 customers in central and eastern Spain. Supply to 75% of the affected customers was
restored in less than 30 minutes, thanks again to the capabilities of i-DE’s smart grid
implemented in recent years.

During 2021, important agreements were concluded. lberdrola and the European Investment
Bank (EIB) have signed a green loan worth EUR 550 million to support the development,
modernisation and digitisation of the company’s electricity distribution networks. This agreement
contributes to the development of the grid investment plan that i-DE will pursue between 2021
and 2023 for an amount of EUR 1,472 million and whose objective is to improve the reliability,
efficiency and safety of the distribution of renewable and sustainable electricity.

Iberdrola also announced that it will lead the development of the first Mediterranean Corridor for
heavy road transport that will be 100% electric. This project, which will be developed in eastern
Spain and covers more than 450 kilometres, will involve i-DE, as it will require the development
of a smart grid infrastructure to service the very high power charging infrastructure so as to
ensure maximum efficiency.

September saw the inauguration of the new Global Smart Grids Innovation Hub, the company’s
pioneering grid innovation centre, which aims to become a benchmark in innovation applied to
grids and will act as a driving platform for R&D&l and local and international talent.

In this space, promoted by Iberdrola and the Provincial Council of Bizkaia, and located at the
Larraskitu head offices, more than 50 companies, technology centres and universities are
already working on 120 projects worth EUR 110 million.

In December, Royal Decree 1125/2021 was published, which regulates the awarding of grants
from European funds to distribution companies. It will total EUR 525 million over 2021-2023, of
which i-DE accounts for approximately 34%. These amounts will subsidise 50% of the
investments submitted for the digitisation and automation of grids and the necessary
reinforcements for recharging points of >250 kW. The subsidised amount will allow investment
to be increased above the current limit (0.14% of GDP).

Finally, in December, i-DE received the ISO 9001 Quality Management System certification from
AENOR, one of the world’s most widely recognised quality recognitions. i-DE has been awarded
the quality certificate for twenty years. On this occasion, unlike in previous years when specific
processes have been certified, the certification has been extended to the entire i-DE business:
planning, development, operation and customer services of the distribution grid. This is i-DE’s
third certification with AENOR, together with ISO 14001 for Environmental Management and
ISO 10002 for Claims and Compliants Management.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 238

8QLWHG .LQJGRP

The IBERDROLA Group has more than 3.55 million supply points in the United Kingdom. Total
energy distributed in 2021 came to 32,221 GWh (31,738 GWh in 2020), which represents an
increase of 1.5% on 2020.

Energy distributed by licence is as follows:

FKJ
Scottish Power Distribution (SPD) 17,462 17,121 199.2
Scottish Power Manweb (SPM) 14,759 14,617 97.1

"LVWULEXWLRQ %&% &

SPD’s quality of service indicators are better than those of 2020. SMP was affected in early
2021 by the impact of storm Christoph, which brought heavy snow and rain.

Average interruption time per consumer (Customer Minutes Lost, or CML) was as follows:

&0/ PLQV
Scottish Power Distribution (SPD) 28.91 30.46
Scottish Power Manweb (SPM) 40.77 32.99

The number of consumers affected by interruptions for every 100 customers (Customer
Interruptions, or Cl) was as follows:

I1XPEHU RI LQWHUUXSWLRQV IR
Scottish Power Distribution (SPD) 39.79 41.04
Scottish Power Manweb (SPM) 34.32 30.72

Both the SPM and SPD grids were affected by the storms that hit the country. In particular, the
Arwen storm at the end of November affected more than 200,000 customers in SPM’s grid. The
storm was classified by Ofgem as a “Severe Weather Exceptional Event”.

ScottishPower Energy Networks presented its 2023-2028 grid investment plan to Ofgem within
the framework of the RIIO-ED2 regulatory cycle. The company will invest £3.2 billion (€3.7
billion) over five years, with the aim of continuing to drive the UK’s energy and digital
transformation as it transitions to an electrified, carbon-free economy.

The objectives of SP Energy Networks’ investment plan include: developing a Net Zero ready
grid by continuing to adapt the infrastructure to make it more resilient and reliable, using
innovative, flexible and efficient solutions; supporting customers and the communities in which
it operates by offering enhanced services tailored to their needs; and preparing the business for
a digital and sustainable future by incorporating new digital methods, innovation and process
redesign.

With the aim of reviving economic activity following the COVID-19 restrictions by accelerating
investment in decarbonisation, the UK government and Ofgem asked distributors to identify sites
where a lack of distribution grid capacity was limiting the development and uptake of low-carbon
technologies. Ofgem made GBP 300 million available to distributors to implement additional
Green Recovery projects in the time remaining in the RIIO-ED1 regulatory cycle (until March
2023), recognising the recovery of these funds through rates. SPEN has received approval for
40 of the projects submitted for a total of GBP 64.7 million (GBP 34.7 million in SPD and GBP
30.0 million in SPM). These projects consist of grid investments to enable the deployment of
electric vehicle charging, the installation of heat pumps, the connection of higher volumes of
distributed renewable generation, and also for the adaptation of residential connections.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 239

In November, Ofgem expressed its support for the initial proposals to develop the first two DC
submarine cables of the Eastern HVDC link project, the major submarine energy highway
between Scotland and the northeast of England. Ofgem recognised the crucial role that both
links would play in boosting renewable energy and the Uk’s climate change targets. Following
Ofgem’s endorsement of the development of Eastern Link, SP Energy Networks submitted the
Final Needs Case at the end of the year. Ofgem is expected to make its final decision on the
project in 2024.

In addition, Ofgem’s investigation into the delay of the Western Link project concluded with the
agreement reached with National Grid Electricity Transmission and Scottish Power
Transmission, confirming that neither of these companies would have caused or exacerbated
the delay. The investigation pointed out that the root causes of the two-year delay were
attributable to supply chain problems: manufacturing, cable installation and commissioning
tests. Ofgem further acknowledges that consumers have benefited by GBP 100M due to the
financial management of the project and its contract management strategy.

8QLWHG 6WDWHV
- *>LVWULEXWLRQ

In the United States IBERDROLA has 2.3 million electricity supply points. Total energy
distributed in the year came to 38,756 GWh, up 2.0% on 2020 (38,012 GWh).

FKJ
Central Maine Power (CMP) 9,900 9,590 3.2
NY State Electric & Gas (NYSEG) 16,310 16,056 1.6
Rochester Gas & Electric (RG&E) 7,444 7,327 1.6
United Illuminating Company (UI) 5,102 5,039 1.3

9ROXPH RI HQHUJ\ GLYVWULEXWHG ?#:K

In 2021, Avangrid’s distribution area was impacted by several storms that affected its Customer
Average Interruption Duration Index (CAIDI), especially in distributors in New York State.

The Customer Average Interruption Duration Index (CAIDI) is as follows:

&$,?, K

NY State Electric & Gas (NYSEG) 1.81 1.85
Rochester Gas & Electric (RG&E) 2.02 1.98
Central Maine Power (CMP) 1.81 1.79

Ul’s System Average Interruption Duration Index (SAIDI), which is the regulatory indicator that
applies in Connecticut is as follows:

6$,°, PLQV
United Illuminating Company (UI) 39.61 45.36

Average number of interruptions per customer (System Average Interruption Frequency Index,
or SAIFI) is as follows:

6$.),

NY State Electric & Gas (NYSEG) 2.02 2.03
Rochester Gas & Electric (RG&E) 1.46 1.38
Central Maine Power (CMP) 1.13 0.89
United Illuminating Company (UI) 0.46 0.56

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Throughout 2021, AVANGRID distributors were recognised with various awards: NYSEG was
awarded the New York State Engineering Platinum Award in the Energy category for its
reconstruction of the electrical circuit under Seneca Lake, which is given by the New York
Council of Engineering Companies to the most outstanding initiatives of the year for their
innovation, complexity and overall value to society. Ul, NYSEG and CMP each won the
prestigious “Emergency Response Award” for their ability to respond to storms that affected
parts of the country in late 2019 and 2020. This award, given each year by the Edison Electric
Institute (EEI), recognises electric utilities that excel in their efforts to quickly restore service
after a storm or natural disaster.

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 240

In July, AVANGRID, through its distributors, joined the Electric Highway Coalition, an initiative
to expand the network of electric vehicle charging points on US highways. The company will
contribute to the construction of charging infrastructure in its service areas, with the goal of
installing more than 400 DC fast chargers from the Atlantic coast through the South and Midwest
to the Gulf regions.

It also manages thermal generation. Power and production details are as follows.

3RZHU 0: &KJ 0:

Gas combined cycles 204 204 —

3RZHU 0: FKJ &RQVROLGDWHG
Gas combined cycles 7 6 16.7
_ *DV

Avangrid supplies gas to more than 1 million supply points. By the end of 2021, it had distributed
a total of 61,365 GWh of gas, up 3.8% on the previous year due mainly to the lower temperatures
of the first quarter of the year.

FKJ
NY State Electric & Gas (NYSEG) 15,576 15,500 0.5
Rochester Gas & Electric (RG&E) 16,183 16,448 -1.6
Maine Natural Gas (MNG) 4,660 2,863 62.8
Berkshire Gas (BGC) 2,933 2,864 2.4
Connecticut Natural Gas (CNG) 11,153 10,960 1.8
Southern Connecticut Gas (SCG) 10,860 10,499 3.4

TRWDO JDV GLVWULEXWLRQ #:K

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 241

%UDILO

Neoenergia supply points amount to 15.74 million. The volume of electricity distributed
amounted to 75,814 GWh, up 13.4% compared to the same period of the previous year,
including the energy distributed by Neoenergia Brasilia. Stripping out the effect of the
incorporation of Brasilia in March 2021, the change in demand compared to 2020 represents an
increase of 3.71%.

(QHUJ\ GLYWULEXWHG ?*:K FKJ
COELBA 24,948 24,127 3.4

COSERN 6,686 6,350 5.3

CELPE 17,628 17,232 2.3

ELEKTRO 20,077 19,148 4.9

BRASILIA 6,475 _ _

TRWDO

Efforts to improve the quality of supply have led to an improvement compared to 2020 in all
distributors in the Northeast and Elektro.

The average interruption time per customer (dura¢gao equivalente de interrup¢ao por unidade
consumidora, DEC) was as follows:

(& K
ELEKTRO 7.38 7.57
COELBA 11.40 12.43
COSERN 6.79 9.21
CELPE 12.03 12.62
BRASILIA 8.91 _

The average number of interruptions per customer (frequiencia equivalente de interrup¢ao por
unidade consumidora, or FEC) also saw an improvement on the previous year for all distributors
in the north-east of the country and was on par with the levels reported in 2020 at Elektro and

CELPE:

)C&

ELEKTRO 4.21 4.50
COELBA 5.16 5.54
COSERN 2.80 3.87
CELPE 5.76 5.37
BRASILIA 7.05 _

Neoenergia took over in March the operation of Companhia Energética de Brasilia (CEB-D),
which distributes energy to 1.1 million customers in the Federal District, where the capital,
Brasilia, is located. During the second quarter of the year, Neoenergia completed the integration
process of Neoenergia Distribuig¢ao Brasilia. After its first 100 days of operation, Neoenergia
Distribuigao Brasilia already showed concrete results and significant progress, both in
operational improvements and in various actions and investments, which make this integration
an example of success.

In August, Neoenergia unified its brand, changing the names of its five distributors: Neoenergia
Coelba, Neoenergia Cosern, Neoenergia Elektro, Neoenergia Pernambuco and Neoenergia
Brasilia. This change consolidates the maturation of a management model based on
modernisation, technological innovation, sustainability and service quality.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
\
Z7TTTN\

tility

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 242

In addition, Neoenergia was awarded the following distinctions in 2021:

x In June, Cosern was awarded for its response to customer demands in the category of

large distributors, with more than one million supply points. The award, called the
Ombudsman Award, is given annually by the National Electricity Agency (ANEEL).

In August, Neoenergia Distribuigao Brasilia won the Aneel Quality Award 2020 — Aneel
Consumer Satisfaction Index, in the Midwest category. The award evaluates the level of
consumer satisfaction, the quality of energy supply and services provided, customer
service and trust.

In September, Neoenergia’s distributors received the Abradee 2021 Award in
recognition of their operational performance, ranking among the best in the country. In
addition, Neoenergia was recognised with a silver title in the SA Customer 2021 Award
in the Leading Customer Management Project category of digital excellence.

In December, Neoenergia received the Pro-Ethics Company seal for the fourth time in a
row. The matrix was joined in this edition by the distributors Neoenergia Coelba,
Neoenergia Pernambuco, Neoenergia Elektro and Neoenergia Cosern, which were also
included under the umbrella of the standard, another example of the energy company’s
efficient anti-bribery management system. This recognition is awarded by the Federal
Comptroller General’s Office (CGU), the Federal Government body responsible for the
defence of public assets, transparency and the fight against corruption, and aims to
promote more upright, ethical and transparent corporate environments in Brazil.

Finally, Neoenergia participated in the auction held by the Brazilian regulator (ANEEL) in
December 2021, winning lot four of BRL 661 million of investment in the state of Minas Gerais.
This installation will provide greater reliability and operational flexibility in critical scenarios of
high energy imports by the southeast region, in addition to ensuring voltage control in Sao
Paulo’s high and medium voltage system. Since 2017. Neoenergia has been awarded a total of
13 projects in auctions since 2017, five of which are already in operation, while further progress
has been made in building the other assets and in securing the pertinent licenses. These
projects will extend the existing transmission grid by over 6,000 km.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
RN
\
NNW

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 243

(OHFWULFLW\ SURGXFWLRQ DQG UHWDLO

At year-end 2021, Iberdrola’s consolidated installed capacity was up 3,150 MW (net of
derecognitions) on 2020 at 55,551 MW consolidated in terms of EBITDA, with 69.5% the total
(38,596 MW of renewable and nuclear power) coming from emission-free sources, compared
to 67.6% in 2020.

JHG
&RQVROLG PWS HG EVRWDERQVROL CBWE Wr eKs 0:

%\ FRXQWU\ oo EQYHYVWHHV vio EQYHYWHHY FRQVROLGDWHG
Spain 28,117 311 28,428 26,384 252 26,636 1,733
United Kingdom 2,993 15 3,008 2,849 15 2,864 144
United States 8,899 248 9,147 8,574 248 8,822 325
Mexico 10,683 _ 10,683 10,672 — 10,672 11
Brazil 2,353 2,194 4,547 1,885 2,195 4,080 468
IEl 2,506 _ 2,506 2,037 — 2,037 469

TRWDO SRZHU_ 0:

(*) Includes the proportional part of MW.

JHG
&RQVROLG PWS HG EVRWDGROVROLGBRRG IRWDOK&KI 0:

%\ WHFKQRORJ\ DW (%,7’$ DW (%,7’$
Q Sie io LQYHVWHHV vie ho LQYHVWHHV FRQVROLGDWHG

SHQHZDEOH HQHUJ\

Onshore wind 18,971 509 19,480 18,125 450 18,575 846

Offshore wind 1,258 _ 1,258 1,258 — 1,258 _
Hydroelectric (**) 11,654 2,194 13,848 10,669 2,195 12,864 985

Mini hydroelectric 283 2 285 301 2 303 (18)

Solar and other 3,253 12 3,265 1,910 12 1,922 1,343
1XFOHDU 7 7 7

*DV FRPELQHG F\FOHV 7 7 7

&RJHQHUDWLRQ
7RWDO SRZHU 0:

(*) Includes the proportional part of MW.
(**) Includes 118 MW managed by Networks in the United States.
Solar capacity measured in MWdc

Consolidated electricity production in 2021 was 155,150 GWh, up 0.2% on 2020, with 57% of
the total being emission-free (88,367 GWh in renewable and nuclear production):

&RQVROLG PWS HG EVRWDORQVROLGD SOG HG EXYRWDO &KI

%\ FRXQWU\ *:K DW (%,7’$ DW (%,7’°$
Q Sie io LQYHVWHHV vie ho LQYHVWHHV &RQVROLGDWHC

Spain 60,186 782 60,968 59,105 749 = 59,854 1.8
United Kingdom 6,708 9 6,717 6,664 14 6,678 0.7
United States 22,014 570 = 22,584 21,607 516 = 22,123 1.9
Mexico 54,296 — 54,296 57,517 — 57,517 (5.6)
Brazil 7,374 7,755 15,129 6,361 6,760 13,121 15.9
IEl 4,572 _ 4,572 3,550 _ 3,550 28.8

TRWDO SURGXFWLRQ

(*) Includes the proportional part of GWh.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
tility

AN AY Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 244
+ wurkonony Be REG gor FRO ORES SO oncou
OHYHO OHYHO

SHQHZDEOH HQHUJ\
Onshore wind 40,586 989 41,575 38,507 896 39,403 5.4
Offshore wind 4,617 _— 4,617 4,380 —_— 4,380 5.4
Hydroelectric (**) 16,619 7,755 24,374 15,274 6,760 22,034 8.8
Mini hydroelectric 624 6 630 674 8 682 (7.4)
Solar and other 2,728 26 2,754 1,567 —_— 1,567 74.1
1XFOHDU 7 7

*DV FRPELQHG F\FOHV 7 7

&RIHQHUDWLRQ

&RDO i i t i

TRWDO SURGXFWLRQ

(*) Includes the proportional part of GWh.

(**) Includes 132 MW from Hydroelectrical facilities managed by the Networks business in the United States.

6SDLQ
5HQHZDEOH FDSDFLW\ DQG SURGXFWLRQ

At year-end, Iberdrola had an installed renewable capacity, consolidated at EBITDA level, of
18,949 MW in Spain, with the following breakdown:

3RZHU E\ WHFKQRORJ\ 0: &KDQJH 0:
Onshore wind 5,866 6,094 (228)
Solar PV (**) 2,086 1,100 986
Hydroelectric (*) 10,700 9,715 985
Mini-hydro 283 301 (18)
Batteries 14 —_— 14
TRWDO

(*) Including the 998 MW of Gouvaes and Daivoes in Portugal.
(**) Solar capacity measured in MWdc.

Onshore wind decreased by 228 MW due to: the commissioning of 67 MW in the wind farms of
EI Puntal Il 15 MW, Valdesantos 13 MW, Verdigueiro 37 MW and the installation of 2 MW in the
wind farm of Cordel Vidural. In addition, 295 MW was removed following the sale of the wind
farms that form part of the agreement with Mapfre

In photovoltaic solar power: module installation work has been completed at the Ceclavin-Oriol
(111 MW), Puertollano (100 MW), Arenales (150 MW), Francisco Pizarro (517 MW), Majada
Alta (32 MW), San Antonio (46 MW), Barcience (15 MW), Campo Arafiuelo (11 MW), Alaraz (2
MW) and Revilla-Vallejera (2 MW) plants.

Hydroelectric power includes the Tamega project (998 MW) in Portugal, work also continues on
the Tamega hydroelectric complex, with Daivoes (118 MW) and Gouvaes (880 MW) expected
to come fully on stream in the first half of 2022, once the system operator (REN) energises the
evacuation lines to the national transmission grid at the end of January, at which time each of
the three generators at Daivoes and the four generators at Gouvaes will come into operation.

In addition, 31 MW of mini-hydro have been removed, 13 MW of ordinary regime and 18 MW of
special regime.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
Wy
W\

“AI www Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 245

In battery storage projects, the following capacity/power 3 MW are installed in Campo Arafuelo,
5 MW in Puertollano and 6 MW in Abadifio.

In relation to ongoing projects:

— More than 1 GW of capacity is in the start-up phase, including the Ciudad Rodrigo
photovoltaic plant (318 MW) in Salamanca, the Revilla-Vallejera (50 MW) and Almaraz
1 and 2 (80 MW) photovoltaic plants, and the Buniel (115 MW) and Iglesias (94 MW)
wind farms in Burgos.

— In Portugal, work also continues on the Tamega hydroelectric complex at the Alto
Tamega development (160 MW) At this plant, the concreting of the dam is almost 60%
complete, while at the power plant, the concreting process is already more than 75%
complete.

The trend in consolidated production by technology is as follows:

FKJ
&RQVROLGDWHG
Onshore wind 11,501 11,251 2.2
Hydroelectric and Mini-hydro RO 14,620 13,111 11.5
Mini-hydro RE 624 674 (7.4)
Solar and other 1,233 509 142.2

TRWDO SURGXFWLRQ #:K

— Onshore wind power production reached 11,501 GWh during the period, with an
increase of 2.2% compared to 2020, mainly due to the entry of new facilities, increasing
the average operating capacity by 146 MW.

— Hydroelectric production reached 14,620 GWh, up 11.5% on the previous year.
Production at mini-hydro plants was also down, with total power generation of 624
GWh, 7.4% less than in the same period of the previous year.

— Solar energy production will reach 1,233 GWh in the period following the entry into
operation of new facilities, as there will be an increase of 474 MW in average
operating capacity in 2021.

TKHUPDO FDSDFLW\ DQG SURGXFWLRQ

Installed capacity in Spain comes to 9,168 MW. The breakdown by technology is as follows:

3RZHU E\ WHFKQRORJ\ 0: &KDQJH 0:
Nuclear 3,177 3,177 —
Gas combined cycles 5,695 5,695 —_
Cogeneration 296 302 (6)
TRWDO

The changes in 2021 relate to the reduction of 6 MW at the cogeneration plant Eneryworks
Villarrobledo.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
\\WWHE
246

\
AN ww Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes
7,

In 2021, production amounted to 32,208 GWh. The performance in the year by technology is as

follows:
1HW SURGXFWLRQ E\ WHFKQRORJ)\ #:K FKJ
Nuclear 23,193 24,316 (4.6)
Gas combined cycles 7,023 7,216 (2.7)
Cogeneration 1,992 1,791 11.2
Coal _ 237 (100.0)
TRWDO

Iberdrola’s thermal production in 2021 was down 4% compared to the same period of the
previous year. The lower production at nuclear power plants (-4.6%), combined cycle (-2.7%)
and coal facilities following the closure of the Lada and Velilla plants in 2020 was slightly offset

by cogeneration production.

6XSSO\
The portfolio under management in Spain represented 19 million contracts at the end of 2021,
broken down as follows:

IR RI FRQWUDFWV

TKRXVDQGV

Electricity contracts 9,985
National gas contracts 1,150
Contracts for products and services 7,796
TRWDO

By market type, the categories are:

IR RI FRQWUDFWV

TKRXVDQGV

Free market 15,747
Last resort 3,184
TRWDO

Iberdrola’s electricity revenue (in power plant busbars) in 2021 was down by 7.9% and was
distributed as follows:

BOK &KJ
Free market 50,594 51,417 (1.6)
PVPC 8,537 8,926 (4.4)
Other markets 28,350 34,648 (18.2)

(OHFWULFLW\ VDOHV

Iberdrola managed a gas balance in 2021 of 2.8 bcm, of which 0.09 bcm was sold in wholesale
operations, 1.32 bcm was sold to end customers and 1.3 bcm was used for electricity production.

@é0 \BERDROLA

www.iberdrola.com
RN
\
NNW

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 247
8QLWHG .LQJGRP

SHQHZDEOH FDSDFLW\ DQG SURGXFWLRQ

Consolidated installed capacity in the United Kingdom comes to 2,993 MW. The breakdown by
technology is as follows:

3RZHU E\ WHFKQRORJ)\ 0: &KDQIH 0:
Onshore wind 1,971 1,935 36
Offshore wind 908 908 _
Solar PV (*) 10 _ 10
Batteries 104 6 98
TRWDO

(*) Solar capacity measured in MWdc
In onshore wind, 36 MW were installed at Beinn An Tuirc III (28 MW) and Halsary (8 MW) farms.

In solar photovoltaic, the installation of the Carland Cross hybrid project (10 MW) has been
completed.

In battery storage, the start-up of several projects continues, with 50 MW installed at Gorman
Bess, 45 MW at Whitelee in Scotland and 3 MW at Barnesmore Bess in Ireland in 2021.

In ongoing projects, work continues on the hybrid projects with batteries to be located at the
already operational wind farms of Coldham (9 MW) and Coal C (10 MW) in England.

In addition to the renewables business in the UK, development is continuing in offshore wind
projects in the country, focusing on the East Anglia group of projects in the North Sea, of which
East Anglia 1 North, East Anglia 2 and East Anglia 3 are being developed simultaneously as the
East Anglia Hub (3,100 MW), with the following progress made:

— The evaluation period for EA1N and EA2 authorisation applications has been completed
and final decisions are expected to be taken by 31 March 2022.

— Key contracted engineering, design and network work continued during the fourth
quarter, while marine and land site investigation work has been completed. With regard
to suppliers, bids have been received for the supply of foundations, inter-turbine cabling
and the transport and installation of the turbines, and the contract for the high-voltage
export cable has been awarded.

— Regarding the CfD auction, plans for all EA Hub projects were submitted and accepted,
but due to clearance deadlines, only East Anglia 3 will participate in this year’s auction.

The trend in consolidated production, terms of EBITDA, was as follows:

FKJ &€RQVROLGDWHG
Onshore wind 3,275 3,567 (8.2)
Offshore wind 3,433 3,097 10.8
TRWDO SURGXFWLRQ #*:K

— Onshore wind power production totalled 3,275 GWh, down 8.2% on the same period of
the previous year, due to a drop in wind power during the period.

— Offshore wind production was up 10.8% to 3,433 GWh in East Anglia 1.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
RZ
aww
6XSSO\

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 248

The portfolio under management in the United Kingdom totalled 7 million contracts at the end
of 2021, broken down as follows:

TKRXVDQGV 1R RI FRQWUD
Electricity contracts 2,844

National gas contracts 1,923

Contracts for products and services 363

Smart meters 1,859

TRWDO

In 2021, 19,383 GWh of electricity and 26,094 GWh of gas was supplied to customers, 4.6%*
and 6.8%** more than in 2020, respectively.

* Sales measured in power plant busbars
** Without deducting shrinkage

8QLWHG 6WDWHV

SHQHZDEOH FDSDFLW\ DQG SURGXFWLRQ

3RZHU E\ WHFKQRORJ\ 0: &KDQJH 0:
Onshore wind 7,708 7,485 223
Hydroelectric 118 118 —_—

Solar PV (*) 232 131 101
Batteries 13 13 —_—
TRWDO

(*) Solar capacity measured in MWdc

223 MW of onshore wind power is incorporated in the following wind farms: Golden Hills 190
MW, Roaring Brook 18 MW, La Joya 2 MW and the repowering of the Trimont 7 MW and
Klondike II 6 MW wind farms.
In solar photovoltaic, installation of the modules for the Lund Hill plant continues, with 101 MW
of the 194 MW to be installed.

In addition, work continues on solar photovoltaic: projects at the Montague (211 MW), Bakeoven
(269 MW) and Daybreak (189 MW) plants in Oregon.

The end of 2021 saw major achievements in offshore wind technology in the United States, as
onshore construction began on Vineyard Wind 1 (800 MW), the country’s first commercial-scale
offshore wind project, and the selection of the Commonwealth Wind offshore wind project (1,232
MW) was announced by the State of Massachusetts. The proposal includes the construction of
a cable factory, the development of a second offshore wind port in Massachusetts, and other
economic development initiatives, local job creation and environmental commitments.
Meanwhile, Park City Wind (804 MW) and Kitty Hawk Offshore Wind (800 MW) advanced
through the study process on their way to becoming fully licensed projects.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
\
ZN

tility

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 249

In addition, the company will explore new growth opportunities following the announcement last
October by the US Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) of an area leasing plan. This
plan supports President Biden’s goal of deploying 30 GW of offshore wind by 2030 and has the
New York Bight, one of the most sought-after leasing areas on the East Coast, to be auctioned
in the first quarter of 2022, followed by Carolina Long Bay in the second quarter of 2022 and
California in the third quarter. Other lease areas under consideration and scheduled for auction
are the Gulf of Mexico (Q4 2022), Central Atlantic (Q2 2023), Oregon (Q3 2023) and Gulf of
Maine (Q3 2024).

Consolidated production by technology and its trend during the year was as follows:

FKJ
&RQVROLGDWHG
Onshore wind 18,399 18,415 (0.1)
Solar and other 299 321 (6.9)
TRWDO SURGXFWLRQ #:K
120 10.0

Hydroelectric networks business in the United States 132
7TRWDO SURGXFWLRQ #*:K

— Onshore wind power production totalled 18,399 GWh, down 0.1% on the same period
of 2020 due to a drop in wind power during the period.

— Production with solar and other technologies (including 54 GWh from fuel cells) came to
299 GWh.

In the United States, the renewable business manages the Klamath power plant. Power and
production in 2021 were as follows:

3RZHU 0: &KI 0:
Cogeneration 636 636 _
3URGXFWLRQ #*:K BRI
7 , &RQVROLGDWHG
Cogeneration 3,194 2,745 16.4
OH[LFER
SHQHZDEOH FDSDFLW\ DQG SURGXFWLRQ
At year-end, installed renewable capacity in Mexico was 1,335 MW.
3RZHU E\ WHFKQRORJ)\ 0: &KDQJH 0:
Onshore wind 693 682 11
Own use 590 590 —
For third parties 103 103 —_—
Solar photovoltaic (*) 642 642 —
TRWDO

(*) Solar capacity measured in MWdc

The power variation corresponds to the 11 MW installed at the PIER IV wind farm.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
itll

AN ww Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 250
7,

Consolidated production by technology and its trend during the year was as follows:

FKJ
&RQVROLGDWHG
Onshore wind 1,759 1,147 53.4
1,188 729 63.0

Solar and other
TRWDO SURGXFWLRQ #*:K

Onshore wind power production totalled 1,759 GWh, up 53.4% on the end of 2020, due
to an increase in average operating capacity.

Solar energy production has generated 1,188 GWh due to the start-up of the Cuyoaco
photovoltaic plant

TKHUPDO FDSDFLW\ DQG SURGXFWLRQ

In Mexico, thermal capacity at year-end 2021 was 9,348 MW.

OH[LFR 0: FKDQJH
Gas combined cycles 9,146 9,146 —_
Own use 2,103 2,103 —_
For third parties 7,043 7,043 —
Cogeneration 202 202 —

3RZHU 0:

Thermal production in 2021 totalled 51,349 GWh, down 7.7% on the same period of the previous

year:
OH[LFR FKJ
Gas combined cycles 49,705 54,001 (8.0)
Own use 15,001 14,841 1.1
For third parties 34,704 39,160 (11.4)
Own cogeneration 1,644 1,640 0.2

TRWDO SURGXFWLRQ #:K

6XSSO\
Electricity sales in 2021 amounted to 55,046 GWh, up 4.7% on 2020, broken down as follows:

*IK &KJ
CFE 34,903 39,160 (10.9)
Private 20,143 13,398 50.3
SHWDLO VDOHV #:K

%UDILO
SHQHZDEOH FDSDFLW\ DQG SURGXFWLRQ
3RZHU E\ WHFKQRORJ\ 0: &KDQJH 0:
Onshore wind 984 516 468
Hydroelectric 836 836 _—
TRWDO

@é0 \BERDROLA

www.iberdrola.com
RNY —
“AI www Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 251
Work continues on onshore wind power in the Chafariz complex in the state of Paraiba,
consisting of a total of 15 wind projects with a total capacity of 472 MW, having closed the year
with 468 MW installed and only 3 MW of the Chafariz 3 project still pending, meaning that the
farm has already begun partial production.

In the state of Piaui, the construction of the Oitis complex, consisting of 12 wind farms with a
total capacity of 566 MW, is continuing and will be completed in the second half of 2022.

In solar photovoltaic technology, construction has begun on Luzia II and III (149 MW) in the state
of Paraiba, with commissioning expected in the second half of 2022.

Consolidated production by technology and its trend during the year was as follows:

FKJ
&RQVROLGDWHG
Onshore wind 2,313 1,878 23.2
Hydroelectric 1,867 2,043 (8.6)

TRWDO SURGXFWLRQ #:K

— Onshore wind power production reached 2,313 GWh, up 23.2% compared to 2020, due
to the higher wind power recorded during the year and the partial commissioning of the
Chafariz Complex.

— Meanwhile, hydroelectric production came to 1,867 GWh 8.6% lower than in 2020.

TKHUPDO FDSDFLW\ DQG SURGXFWLRQ
Generation power in Brazil, which comes from the Termopernambuco gas combined cycle

facility, is 533 MW. Production in 2021 amounted to 3,194 GWh, up 30.9% on the 2,440
GWh generated in 2020.

,-EHUGUROD (QHUJtD ,QWHUQDFLRQDO ,(,

SHQHZDEOH FDSDFLW\ DQG SURGXFWLRQ

Iberdrola Energia Internacional’s installed renewable capacity came to 2,263 MW, 469 MW
more than in December 2020.

3RZHU E\ WHFKQRORJ)\ 0: &KDQIH 0:
Onshore wind 1,749 1,413 336
Offshore wind 350 350 _
Solar PV (*) 89 6 83
Batteries 75 25 50
TRWDO

(*) Solar capacity measured in MWdc

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
tility

AN AY Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 252

In wind power capacity, 336 MW of onshore wind power was added. Installed capacity by

country
2QVKRUH ZLQG 0: FKDQJH
Greece and Cyprus 308 295 13
Australia 880 670 210
France 118 118 _—
Portugal 92 92 _—
Poland 113 — 113
Hungary 158 158 _—
Romania 80 80 _—
TRWDO

In wind power:

— In Australia, construction work continued on Port Augusta, a 317 MW hybrid wind-solar
project, which will become one of the largest hybrid renewable energy plants in the
southern hemisphere. All the wind turbines of this hybrid project (210 MW) have been
installed and the first GWh were exported in December.

— In Greece, the Mikronoros wind farm (33.6 MW) ended the year with 13 MW installed.

— In Poland, 113 MW are added following the purchase of the Zopowy and Korytnica 1
wind farms.

In photovoltaic capacity, 83 MW were added:

— At the Port Augusta hybrid project in Australia, 54 MW of the 106.9 MW of solar PV to
be installed at the plant have been installed.

— At the Montalto di Castro plant in Italy, 19.8 MW out of a total of 23.4 MW have been
installed.

— In Portugal, the first 9.4 MW of the 27.4 MW Algeruz 2 plant have been installed.

In addition, the 50 MW Wallgrove storage project has been completed and entered commercial
operation in December, and work has started on the 245.5 MW Avonlie project.

The development and construction of offshore wind projects continues:

— In France, at the Saint Brieuc project (496 MW), work continues at sea to install the
foundations, a phase that will continue until the end of October, while the first underwater
trenching campaign to bury the cables between turbines has been successfully
completed. Iberdrola is also participating in the auction of 1 GW of offshore wind with
fixed foundations off the coast of Normandy, which is already in the competitive dialogue
phase, and has recently been prequalified for the auction of 250 MW of floating offshore
wind in Brittany, with the competitive process now starting. Both auctions will be
awarded in 2022.

— In Germany, the Baltic Eagle project (476 MW) has arranged the supply for the main

contracts. Fabrication work on the foundations will begin in October while the fabrication
of the offshore substation is progressing with a view to its installation in mid-2022.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
willy —

nw» Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 253

— In Japan, lberdrola Renewables Japan K.K. continues to work with its partners Hitachi
Zosen and Cosmo EcoPower to submit the best bid for the Aomori project, which is
expected to be auctioned in the first half of 2023. In addition, the development of the
project portfolio with its partner Macquarie’s Green Investment Group (GIG) continues,
with a special focus on the Saga project, whose area has been designated as a
candidate for the next auction rounds, as well as the analysis for the entry of other
projects. The results of the first auction, which were published at the end of December
last year, will undoubtedly have a major impact on the future of Japanese auctions.

— In Sweden, the Utposten 2 project, which is being led by Svea Vind Offshore together
with Iberdrola, was publicly announced at the end of July, and awaits approval by the
authorities once oral hearings are concluded and administrative procedures are
completed. In the meantime, work continues on the rest of the projects in the pipeline.

— In Ireland, site characterisation campaigns continue for the three projects being worked
on together with our partner DP Energy: Clarus, Shelmalere and Inis, with a total
maximum capacity of 3,000 MW.

— In Poland, Iberdrola Renewables Polska has been incorporated. Work continues with
our partner SeaWind on the finalisation of land permit applications for projects that will
take part in the auctions to be held from 2025 onwards.

— In Taiwan, progress continues to be made on the environmental impact studies, and the
geotechnical studies and the resource campaign at two sites have just been contracted.
These are a necessary condition for lberdrola Renewables Taiwan to be able to bid in
next year’s offshore wind auctions.

Renewable energy production totalled 4,531 GWh at year-end, up 28.0% on 2020, mainly in
onshore wind (up 48.5%), due to the additional power gained from acquisitions in Australia,
France and Poland, due to the lower wind power in the year, with production in solar
photovoltaics remained stable.

FKJ
&RQVROLGDWHG
SHQHZDEOH HQHUJ\
Onshore wind 3,339 2,249 48.5
Offshore wind 1,184 1,283 (7.7)

Solar and other 8 8 _
TRWDO SURGXFWLRQ #*:K
*DV FRPELQHG F\FOHV *:K

(*) Included with the acquisition of Infigen in Australia

6XSSO\

The portfolio managed by Iberdrola in Portugal, France, Italy, Germany, Ireland and the United
States totals 1,882 thousand contracts, representing growth of 4.9% vs year-end 2020. broken
down as follows:

IR RI FRQWUDFWV WKRXVDQGV

Electricity contracts 778 743
Gas contracts 288 264
Contracts for products and services 816 787
TRWDO

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 254

Electricity sales at the international division, while affected by the pandemic, grew by 3.0% in
2021 and amounted to 10,229 GWh. Gas sales increased by 33.9% to 1,869 GWh with the
following breakdown by geography:

*IK &KIJ
Portugal 6,084 7,374 (17.5)
France 1,313 836 57.1
Germany 869 777 11.8
Italy 1,733 1,369 26.6
Ireland 112 81 38.3
United States 118 103 14.6
(OHFWULFLW\

Portugal 192 162 18.5
France 801 482 66.2
Italy 715 650 10.0
Ireland 161 102 57.8
*DV

TRWDO

(*) Sales measured in power plant busbars
(**) Without deducting shrinkage

/,48,°,7< $1’ &$3,7$/ 5(6285&(6

The principal objective of the IBERDROLA Group’s financial management is to ensure a robust
financial profile by strengthening the solvency and equity ratios typically tracked by credit rating
agencies. It seeks to do so while optimising its liquidity position and managing financial risks
accordingly and combining this with a sustainable shareholder remuneration policy.

/LTXLGLW\

The IBERDROLA Group had a strong liquidity position of EUR 19,405 million at the end of 2021
(Note 4 to the consolidated Financial Statements). Counting the financing operations signed
after 31 December, this figure rises to EUR 19,521 million.

This liquidity comes mainly from syndicated credit facilities signed with relationship banks,
undrawn loans arranged with multilateral lenders and development banks (European Investment
Bank — EIB, Instituto de Crédito Oficial — |CO, Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Econémico
e Social —- BNDES), as well as cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments (between
three and 12 months). These liquidity operations have been arranged on the main markets in
which the lberdrola Group is present (Europe, United States and Brazil), in both the banking
and capital markets.

This liquidity position covers 24 months of the Group’s financing needs in the base case and 16
months in the risk scenario.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
RN
\
NNW

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 255

JLQDEFLDO VROYHQF\

&UHGLW UDWLQJ RI ,%(5’°52/$74V VHQLRU GHEW

Credit ratings by rating agency are as follows:

$JHQF\ /RQJ WHUP 2XWORRN
Moody’s Baa1 (15/06/2012) Stable (14/03/2018)

Fitch BBB+ (02/08/2012) Stable (25/03/2014)
Standard & Poor's BBB+ (22/04/2016) Stable (22/04/2016)
(1) The above ratings may be reviewed, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.

JLQDOFLDO VROYHQF\ UDWLRV

The calculation of the financial solvency ratios is shown below:

Adjusted FFO / Adjusted net financial debt % 23.0 23.6
Adjusted RCF / Adjusted net financial debt “ % 20.6 21.4
Adjusted net financial debt/Adjusted EBITDA Times 3.2 3.5

“ As shown in the table below
(*) Figures aligned with the criteria used in 2021

The IBERDROLA Group relies on the following main measures to assess cash generation for
the period:

Funds from Operations (FFO).

Retained Cash Flow (RCF). FFO — Own and minority dividend payments — net flows
from perpetual (hybrid) bonds.

These measures are calculated as follows:

OLOOLRQV RI HXURV

Net profit for the period attributable to the parent 3,885 3,611
Valuation adjustments, trade and contract assets 369 381
Amortisation, depreciation and provisions 4,294 4,093
Earnings at companies accounted for using the equity method 74 (462)
Discounting to present value of provisions 116 127
Non-controlling interests 467 341
Dividends received 49 57
Amounts allocated to the Income statement — capital grants (81) (74)
Negative non-cash tax effects 471 137
Tax deductibility of goodwill 71 —_—
Undue payments Hydroelectric levy (830) —
Gas deduction RDL 17-18/2021 29 _
)XQGV IURP RSHUDWLRQV_ ))2

Exit plan 72 45
Contribution of new hires pro-forma, 1 year 7 36
$GMXVWHG IXQGV IURP RSHUDWLRQV ))2

Dividends paid (953) (787)

$GMXVWHG UHWDLQHG FDVK IORZ 5&)

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
tility

AN AY Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 256

cf
OLOOLRQV RI HXURV
EBITDA 12,006 10,038
Exit plan 95 60
Contribution of new hires pro-forma, 1 year 15 51

$GMXVWHG (%,7’$

(*) Figures aligned with the criteria used in 2021

) Includes the amount included under the heading “Profit for the year from discontinued activities”

&DSLWDO IXQGV

/HYHUDJH

Adjusted net financial debt at 31 December 2021 increased by EUR 3,977 million to EUR 39,119
million compared to EUR 35,142 million at 31 December 2020, due to the substantial
investments made in the period, the appreciation of currencies and the increase in working
capital due to regulatory changes in Spain, which was partially offset by the issuance of hybrids.

Additionally, adjusted net leverage improved by 1.30% to 41.0%, compared to 42.3% for the
previous year (see Note 21).
*>HEW VWUXFWXUH

Note 21 to the consolidated Financial Statements provides a reconciliation between the
headings of the consolidated Statement of financial position and the various debt aggregates
referred to in this section 3 of the consolidated Management Report.

At 31 December 2021 the Group’s average borrowings costs stood at 3.24%, compared to
2.86% in the same period of the previous year (Note 28).

The Group’s average cost of adjusted net financial debt was 3.60% at 31 December 2021,
compared to 3.18% in the same period of the previous year.

The structure by interest rate and currency of the debt classified under “Bank borrowings,
debentures or other marketable securities” after hedging is shown in Note 28.

In accordance with the policy of minimising the Company’s financial risks, foreign currency risk
has continued to be mitigated by financing the international businesses in their local currency
(pound sterling, Brazilian real, US dollar, etc.) or functional currency (US dollar, in the case of
Mexico). Interest rate risk is mitigated by the issuance of fixed rate debt, derivatives and hedging
future financing.

The breakdown of adjusted gross financial debt by source of financing is as follows:

*>HFHPEHU
Bond market - EUR 26.20% 31.1%
Bond market - USD 19.20% 18.50%
Bond market — GBP 7.10% 8.10%
Other capital markets 5.00% 4.00%
Promissory notes 8.30% 7.70%
Multilateral banking and development 15.20% 15.60%
Structured financing 1.20% 1.10%
Leases 5.60% 5.30%
Bank loans and credits 12.20% 8.60%

7TRWDO

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 257

The IBERDROLA Group has a comfortable debt maturity profile, with an average life of its
adjusted gross financial debt of about six years. The maturity profile of the IBERDROLA Group’s
debt classified under “Bank borrowings, bonds or other marketable securities” at year-end 2021
is shown in Note 28.

>-RUNLQJ FDSLWDO

Working capital increased by EUR 2,944 million compared with December 2020.

OLOOLRQV RI HXURV &KDQJH
Assets held for sale 124 _— 124
Nuclear fuel 267 260 7
Inventories 2,639 2,443 196
Trade and other current receivables 8,183 6,477 1,706
Other current financial investments 1,533 578 955
Derivative financial instruments — assets “ 2,411 324 2,087
Taxes receivable 2,773 1,187 1,586
&855(17 $66(76

Provisions 789 579 210
Derivative financial instruments — liabilities @ 1,588 129 1,459
Trade payanes. other current financial liabilities and other 9,780 7,760 2,020
Taxes receivable 1,432 1,404 28
&855(17 /,$%,/,7.(6

1(7 :25.,1* &$3,7$/

“ Not including cash and cash equivalents or debt derivative assets related to financial transactions (Note 21).

) Not including cash and cash equivalents or debt derivative liabilities related to financial transactions (Note 21).

0$,1 5,6.6 $1’ 81&(57$,17,(6

&RPSUHKHQVLYH ULVN FRQWURO DQG PDQDIJI

The IBERDROLA Group is exposed to various risks inherent in the different countries, industries
and markets in which it operates, and in the activities it carries out, that may prevent it from
achieving its objectives and executing its strategies successfully.

Aware of the importance of this matter, the Company’s Board of Directors undertakes to develop
all of its capabilities to ensure that the significant risks inherent to all of the Group’s activities
and businesses are appropriately identified, measured, managed and controlled, and to
establish, through the General Risk Control and Management Policy, the basic mechanisms and
principles necessary for appropriate management of the risk/opportunity ratio with a level of risk
that enables it to:

- attain the strategic goals set by the Group, with volatility curtailed;

-— provide the maximum level of assurance to the shareholders;

- contribute to the attainment of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) approved
by the UN, with a special focus on goals seven and thirteen;

— protect the results and reputation of the Group;

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
willy —

AN AY Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 258

-— defend the interests of shareholders, customers, other stakeholders interested in the
progress of the Company, and society in general;

— ensure corporate stability and financial strength in a sustained fashion over time; and

- disseminate a risk culture among the Group’s employees, through communication and
training.

When acting upon the commitment expressed through the core principles, the Board of Directors
and its Executive Committee rely on the support of the Audit and Risk Supervision Committee
which, as an advisory body, supervises and reports on the adequacy of the system for
assessing, controlling and managing all material risks, with the support of the Group’s Risk
Management and Internal Assurance Division, which reports functionally to that committee. This
process is carried out in coordination with the audit and compliance committees that exist at the
Group’s other country subholding companies.

Every action aimed at controlling and mitigating risks will conform to the following main principles
of conduct:

a) Integrate the risk/opportunity vision into the Group’s management, through a definition
of the strategy and the risk appetite and the inclusion of this variable in strategic and
operating decisions.

b) Segregate functions, at the operating level, between risk-taking areas and areas
responsible for the analysis, control and monitoring of such risks, ensuring an
appropriate level of independence.

c) Guarantee the proper use of risk-hedging instruments and the maintenance of records
thereof as required by applicable law.

d) Inform regulatory agencies and the principal external players, in a transparent fashion,
regarding the risks facing the Group and the operation of the systems developed to
control such risks, maintaining suitable channels that favour communication.

e) Ensure adequate levels of compliance with the corporate governance rules established
by the Company through its Governance and Sustainability System and the update
and continuous improvement of such system within the framework of best international
practices as to transparency and good governance; and implement the monitoring and
measurement thereof.

f) Act at all times in compliance with the values and standards for conduct enshrined in
the Code of Ethics, under the principle of “zero tolerance” for the commission of
unlawful acts and situations of fraud set out in the Crime Prevention Policy and the
Anti-Corruption and Anti-Fraud Policy and the principles and good practices set forth
in the Corporate Tax Policy.

The General Risk Control and Management Policy and the basic principles underpinning it take
the form of a three lines of defence model and a comprehensive risk control and management
system, supported by a Group-level Risk Committee and based upon a proper definition and
allocation of duties and responsibilities in operations and supervision that implement a set of
suitable procedures, methodologies and tools for supporting the various stages and activities of
the system, including:

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
\
ZTT\\
a)

b)

f)

9)

h)

tility

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 259

The existence of a structure of policies, guidelines and limits, as well as risk indicators,
and the corresponding mechanisms for their approval and implementation, which are
there to review and establish the risk appetite annually assumed in both qualitative and
quantitative terms, in accordance with the objectives set out in the multi-year plan and
the corresponding annual budgets, both at Group level and at each of its main
subsidiaries.

The ongoing identification of significant risks and threats based on their possible
impact on key management objectives and the Financial Statements (including
contingent liabilities and other off-balance sheet risks).

The analysis of such risks, both at each corporate business or function and taking into
account their combined effect on the Group as a whole.

The measurement and control of risks by following procedures and standards which
are homogeneous and common to the Group as a whole.

The analysis of risks associated with new investments, as an essential element of
decision-making based upon profitability/risk.

The maintenance of a system for monitoring and controlling compliance with policies,
guidelines and limits, by means of appropriate procedures and systems, including the
contingency plans needed to mitigate the impact of the materialisation of risks.

The ongoing evaluation of the suitability and efficiency of applying the system and the
best practices and recommendations in the area of risks for eventual inclusion thereof
in the model.

The audit by the Internal Audit Division of the comprehensive risk control and
management system.

In addition, the General Risk Control and Management Policy is further developed and
supplemented by the policies listed below, which are also subject to approval by the Company’s
Board of Directors:

a)

Corporate Risk Policies:
- Corporate Credit Risk Policy.
- Corporate Market Risk Policy.
— Operational Risk in Market Transactions Policy.
-— Insurance Policy.
- Investment Policy.
— Financing and Financial Risk Policy.
— Treasury Share Policy.
- _ Risk Policy for Equity Interests in Listed Companies.
— Procurement Policy.

- Information Technology Policy.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 260
- Cybersecurity Risk Policy.
- Occupational Health and Safety Risks Policy.
-  Reputational Risk Framework Policy.

b) Specific Risk Policies for the various businesses of the Group:

- _ Risk Policy for the Liberalised Businesses of the IBERDROLA Group.
— _ Risk Policy for the Renewable Businesses of the IBERDROLA Group.
- _ Risk Policy for the Network Businesses of the IBERDROLA Group.
- _ Risk Policy for the Real Estate Business of the IBERDROLA Group.

The General Risk Control and Management Policy, as well as a Summary of the Corporate Risk

Policies and a Summary of the Specific Risk Policies for the various Group businesses are
available on the corporate website (www.iberdrola.com).

In order to align the risk impact with the established risk appetite, the Executive Committee of
the Board of Directors, acting upon a proposal of the business or corporate divisions involved
and upon a prior report from the Group’s Risk Committee, annually reviews and approves
specific guidelines regarding risk limits in the Corporate Risk Policies.

The country subholding companies are responsible for adopting the Group’s risk policies and
implementing their application, approving the guidelines regarding specific risk limits, taking into
account the nature and particularities of the businesses in each country.

The parent business companies in each country or region must see to it that their governing
bodies approve a set of specific risk limits for their company and put the necessary control
systems in place to ensure compliance.

Listed country subholding companies, by virtue of their own special framework of strengthened
autonomy, have their own risk policies approved by their competent bodies, aligned with those
of the IBERDROLA Group.

The risk factors to which the Group is generally subject are listed below:

a) Corporate governance risks: the main corporate governance risks derive from any
infringement of: (i) applicable law, (ii) the provisions of the Governance and Sustainability
System, (iii) the recommendations of the CNMV’s Code of Good Governance and its
practical guides, and (iv) international standards in this area. The consequences may
include: (i) the challenging of corporate resolutions; (ii) the participation of dissenting
shareholders at the General Meeting; (iii) requirements or possibly sanctions from the
CNMV; and/or (iv) divestment and/or lack of interest in investing in Iberdrola shares.

b) Market risks: exposure of the Group’s results and equity to variations in prices and other
market variables, such as:

— Financial: exchange rates, interest rates, credit spreads, inflation, liquidity, solvency
and the value of financial assets and liabilities

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
\
Z7TTTN\

c)

dq)

e)

9)

tility

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 261

— Energy and other commodity prices: electricity prices, gas and other fuel prices, CO2
emission allowances or other support mechanisms for renewables, as well as those
related to other commodities (steel, aluminium, copper, polysilicon and others).

Credit risks: defined as the possibility that a counterparty fails to perform its contractual
obligations, thus causing an economic or financial loss to the Group. Counterparties can be
end customers, counterparties in financial or energy markets, partners, suppliers or
contractors.

Business risks: defined as the uncertainty regarding the performance of key variables
inherent to the various activities carried out by the Group through its businesses, such as
the characteristics of demand, weather conditions and the strategies of different players.

Political and regulatory risks: those arising from regulatory changes made by the various
regulators, such as changes in compensation of regulated activities or in the required
conditions of supply, or in environmental o tax regulations, including risks related to political
changes that could affect legal security and the legal framework applicable to the Group’s
businesses in each jurisdiction, the nationalisation or expropriation of assets, the
cancellation of operating licences and the early termination of government contracts.

Operational, technological, environmental, social and legal risks: those related to direct or
indirect economic losses resulting from external events or inadequate internal procedures,
including the following:

* Technological failures, human error and technological obsolescence.

. Operation, construction of facilities.

¢ Supply and the supply chain.

* Cybersecurity and information systems.

« The health and safety of people.

. Risks associated with climate change, extreme natural events and pandemics.
« Regulatory compliance.

¢ — The reliability of financial and non-financial information.

¢ Fraud and corruption.

. Lawsuits, arbitration and tax proceedings.

Reputational risks: potential negative impact on the value of the Company resulting from
the conduct of the Company falling short of expectations among the various stakeholders,
as defined in the Stakeholder Relations Policy, including behaviours or conduct related to
corruption.

Given the multidimensional nature of the risks, the taxonomy defined in the system envisions
additional classification variables for improved tracking, control and reporting of these risks
through the monitoring tools in place. These additional categories include:

Classification of risks into Structural, Hot Topics and Emerging Risks, the latter in the sense
of possible new threats the impact of which is as yet uncertain and of undefined probability,
but which are growing and could become material for the Group.

The inclusion of risk factors that are supplementary to the main risk factor, such as financial,
environmental, sustainability, Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG), fraud or
corruption, tax, health, cybersecurity or third party.

The Audit and Risk Supervision Committee of the Board of Directors periodically monitors the
evolution of the Company’s risks:

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
willy —

AN AY Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 262

- It reviews the Group’s quarterly risk reports, which include monitoring compliance with
risk limits and indicators and updated key risk maps, submitted by the Group’s Chief
Risk Officer & Head of Internal Assurance.

- It also coordinates and reviews the risk reports sent at least on a semi-annual basis by
the audit and compliance committees of the main subsidiaries, including the country
subholding companies of the main countries or regions in which the Group operates
and which, along with the appearances made by the Group’s Chief Risk Officer & Head
of Internal Assurance, are used to draw up a risk report for the Board of Directors at
least semi-annually.

For further details, see section E — Risk control and management systems of the Corporate
Governance Report for financial year 2021 and the Risks section of the Integrated Report —
February 2022.

&UHGLW ULVN

The IBERDROLA Group is exposed to the credit risk arising from the possibility that
counterparties (customers, suppliers, financial institutions, partners, insurers, etc.) fail to comply
with contractual obligations.

This risk is properly managed and limited, depending on the type of transaction and the
creditworthiness of counterparties. In particular, there is a Corporate Credit Risk Policy setting
the framework and action principles for proper risk management, which are further developed
at business and country level (admission criteria, approval flows, authority levels, rating tools,
exposure measurement methodologies, etc.) through procedures.

With regard to credit risk on trade receivables from electricity and gas retail supply activity in the
liberalised market, despite the extraordinary situation to have arisen from the COVID-19
pandemic, the historical cost of defaults has remained moderate at slightly above 1% of total
turnover of this activity across all countries in which it is carried out.

In the Networks businesses in Spain and the UK, no energy is supplied, and in the Networks
businesses in the United States and Brazil, in general, arrears are recovered through rates.

JLQDQFLDO ULVNV

S,QWHUHVW UDWH ULVN

The IBERDROLA Group is exposed to the risk of fluctuations in market interest rates affecting
cash flows and the market value of debt in respect of items in the Statement of financial position
(debt and derivatives). In order to adequately manage and limit this risk, the IBERDROLA Group
manages annually the proportion of fixed and variable debt and establishes the actions to be
carried out throughout the year: new sources of financing (at a fixed, floating or indexed rate)
and/or the use of interest rate derivatives.

Bank borrowings, debentures or other marketable securities at floating rate borrowings and cash
placements of IBERDROLA Group are basically pegged to market rates (mainly Euribor, Libor-
pound sterling, Libor-dollar and the CDI in the case of the debt of Brazilian subsidiaries).

The Iberdrola Group also arranges derivatives to hedge interest rate risk on future financing.

The volume of such derivatives arranged by the Iberdrola Group at 31 December 2021 is
described in Note 29 to the consolidated Financial Statements.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
“AI www Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 263
The Group’s debt structure at 31 December 2021, after considering the hedge provided by the
derivatives and the exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, is included in Note 28 to the
Financial Statements.

&XUUHQF\ ULVN

Currency risk resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency rates compared to the functional
currency can occur in the following scenarios:

- Collections and payments for supplies, services or equipment acquisition in currencies
other than the operating currency.

-— Income and expenses incurred by certain foreign subsidiaries indexed to currencies
other than the operating currency.

- Debt and financial expense denominated in currencies other than the operating
currency.

- Consolidated profit or loss of the foreign subsidiaries (mainly US dollar, pound sterling
and Brazilian reais), since the IBERDROLA Group’s reporting currency is the euro.

- Consolidated net equity value of investments in foreign subsidiaries.

— Expense for taxes in Mexico because the operating currency (United States dollar)
differs from the currency for purposes of calculation of corporate tax (Mexican peso).

The IBERDROLA Group reduces this risk by:

- Carrying out all its economic flows in the operating currency of each Group company,
provided that this is possible and economically viable and efficient, or otherwise
through the use of financial derivatives.

- Financially hedging, as far as possible, the risk of transfer of earnings expected for the
current year, thereby limiting the ultimate impact on Group earnings.

- Financially hedging, as far as possible, the exchange rate risk in the Mexican corporate
tax, thereby limiting the ultimate impact on the earnings of Mexico and of the Group.

- Mitigating the impact on the consolidated net equity value of a hypothetical
depreciation of currencies due to the Group’s investments in foreign subsidiaries by
maintaining an adequate percentage of foreign currency debt, as well as through
financial derivatives.

The sensitivity of the consolidated profit and equity to changes in the dollar/euro, pound
sterling/euro and Brazilian real/euro exchange rate is described in Note 4 to the Financial
Statements. Detailed information on foreign currency debt is included in Note 28 to the Financial
Statements.

/LTXLGLW\ ULVN
The exposure to adverse situations in the debt or capital markets or to events resulting from the

IBERDROLA Group’s economic and financial situation might hinder or prevent the IBERDROLA
Group from obtaining the financing required to properly carry on its business activities.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy —
“AI www Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 264
The Group’s liquidity policy is designed to ensure that it can meet its payment obligations without
having to obtain financing under unfavourable terms. For this purpose, various management
measures are used, such as maintaining committed credit facilities that are adequate in terms
of amount, term and flexibility, diversification in the satisfaction of financing needs through
access to different markets and geographical areas, and diversification of the maturities of the
debt issued.

Cash and cash equivalents, liquid assets, short-term investments and loans and receivables are
shown in Note 4 to the consolidated Financial Statements.

6ROYHQF\ ULVN

The IBERDROLA Group faces the risk of its financial situation getting worse and leading to a
downward revision of the credit rating assigned by rating agencies, which may make financing
more expensive or unavailable.

In order to mitigate this risk, the IBERDROLA Group continuously monitors the solvency and
equity ratios most commonly followed by rating agencies as well as the risks that may have an
impact on those ratios in order to anticipate or undertake actions aimed at correcting possible
instances of non-compliance.

Moreover, communication is active with investors and rating agencies in order to explain the
performance of financial indicators and their deviations, if any.

SHJXODWRU\ DQG SROLWLFDO ULVNV

The businesses of the IBERDROLA Group are subject to laws and regulations concerning tariffs
and other regulatory aspects of their activities in each of the countries in which they are carried
out. The introduction of new laws and regulations or amendments to the already existing ones
may have an adverse effect on our operations, annual results and economic value of our
businesses.

Sections 4.5.1 and 4.5.2 summarise the regulatory frameworks in place in the main markets
where the Group operates, as well as the most relevant regulatory measures approved in 2021
or expected to be implemented in 2022.

Country risk

All of the international activities of the IBERDROLA Group are exposed, to a greater or lesser
extent depending on their nature, to various risks inherent to the country where they are carried
out:

Imposition of monetary restrictions and/or limitations on the movement of capital.
Changes in the trade environment and in government policies.

Economic crises, political instability and social unrest affecting operations.
Nationalisation or expropriation of assets.

Transfer and convertibility of currency.

Cancellation of operating licences.

Early termination of government contracts.

Changes in tax rates in levies and taxes and/or new taxes, including tariffs.
Changes in the economic terms governing the hand-back of concessions.
Worsening of sovereign ratings, generating an increase in country risk premia.
Other regulatory changes.

ATT Tee ag TD

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
WU
\b

“AI www Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 265
The results of our international subsidiaries, their market value and their contribution to the
parent company of the Group may be affected by such risks.

The IBERDROLA Group’s main operations are concentrated in Spain, the United Kingdom, the
United States, Brazil and Mexico, which are countries with low or moderate risk and whose
credit ratings at 31 December 2021 were as follows:

3DtV ORRG\ V 6 3 JLWFK
Spain Baa1 A A-
United Kingdom Aa3 AA AA
United States Aaa AA+ AAA
Brazil Ba2 BB- BB-
Mexico Baa1 BBB BBB

The Iberdrola Group also has a significant presence in countries such as Germany, France,
Australia and Portugal. The presence in countries other than those mentioned above is not
significant at the Group level from an economic point of view.

%XVLQHVV DQG PDUNHW ULVNV

The Group has a presence in the regulated businesses of electricity transmission and
distribution in Spain, the United Kingdom, the United States (through AVANGRID) and Brazil
(through NEOENERGIA). In the United States, the Group also has a presence in the natural
gas distribution sector.

The IBERDROLA Group operates in the renewables generation sector, mainly in Spain, the
United States (through AVANGRID), the United Kingdom, Mexico and Brazil (through
NEOENERGIA), as well as other countries.

Lastly, the IBERDROLA Group has a Generation and Retail business that operates in the
thermal generation sectors in Spain, Mexico and Brazil (through NEOENERGIA), and in the
retail supply of electricity and gas to end customers in Spain, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Brazil
(through NEOENERGIA) and other countries.

The operating details provided in this section show the situation at 31 December 2021, unless
stated otherwise. Sensitivities are shown in annual terms (following 12 months).

1HWZRUNV EXVLQHVV

The regulations of each country in which the IBERDROLA Group’s network businesses operate
establish frameworks, which are regularly revised, guaranteeing that these businesses will
receive reasonable and predictable returns. These frameworks include incentives and penalties
for efficiency, service quality and, where applicable, for default management. Any structural and
significant changes to the aforementioned regulations may represent a risk for said businesses.

In general, the profitability of the IBERDROLA Group’s network businesses is not exposed to
demand risk, except for the Brazilian subsidiaries.

The IBERDROLA Group’s network businesses in Spain and in the United Kingdom do not sell
energy, so they are not exposed to any market risk associated with energy prices.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy —
“AI www Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 266
The Group’s network businesses in Brazil and some networks subsidiaries of Avangrid in the
United States sell energy to regulated customers at a previously approved tariff. In the case of
prudent procurement management in line with the provisions established by the regulator, the
regulatory frameworks in both countries guarantee that sums will be collected in subsequent
tariff readjustment revisions for possible purchase price deviations from those previously
recognised in the tariff.

That being said, in the case of extraordinary events (extreme drought in Brazil, catastrophic
storms in the United States, etc.), occasional temporary imbalances between payments and
collections may arise with an impact on the cash flows of some of these businesses and
potentially on profits recognised under IFRS.

D 6SDLQ

The business manages 11.28 million supply points. The current regulatory model is based on
Electricity Industry Law 24/2013 of 26 December, as further developed by various royal decrees
and ministry orders. The model is based on recognised historical investment (at 31 December
2014) remunerating capital for depreciation and certain operation and maintenance costs. In
addition, every year the regulated asset base is expanded to include the recognised investments
made during the period. Quality incentives and losses (technical and commercial) are added to
this. Remuneration is also set for other regulated activities required for the activity, such as
reading, subscription, structure, etc., apart from distribution itself.

On 20 November 2019 the remuneration rate applicable in the upcoming six-year regulatory
period 2020-2025 was set and published in the Official Spanish Gazette (Boletin Oficial del
Estado — BOE) (WACC 5.58%). On 19 December 2019 the applicable methodology was
established and published in the BOE.

The remuneration for 2017, 2018 and 2019 is still provisional as the final remuneration rates
have yet to be published.

E 8QLWHG .LQJGRP

The group operates in the United Kingdom through its subsidiary Scottish Power Ltd, which
manages the following licences, comprising 3.55 million supply points:

— SP Distribution PLC (SPD) and SP Manweb PLC (SPM).

— SP Transmission PLC (SPT).

The framework of remuneration for electricity transmission and distribution activities in the UK
is in accordance with a price control model based on the recognised cost of capital (WACC), the
depreciation of assets, and operating and maintenance costs, plus an incentive which is
obtained if management is better than the regulatory standard, and which the companies retain
(in part) in the following tariff revision.

The current regulatory model for SPD and SPM is based on the RIIO ED1 framework, and on
the RIIO T2 framework in the case of SPT. The latest tariff revision for electricity distributors
(RIIO ED1), including SPD and SPM, is valid from April 2015 to April 2023. The SPT revision
(RIIO T2) is valid from April 2021 to April 2026. Recognised ROE after tax (in real terms) is 6%
for SPD and SPM and 4.25% for SPT.

The regulator (OFGEM) also establishes incentives/penalties for safety, environmental impact,

consumer satisfaction, social obligations, connections and quality, which may have an effect on
the Income statement.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 267

F 8QLWHG 6WDWHV

The IBERDROLA Group operates in the United States through its listed subsidiary Avangrid,
which in turn has the following subsidiary networks companies (which manage 2.30 million
electricity supply points and 1.03 million natural gas supply points):

— New York State Electric & Gas (NYSEG), New York, with a 3-year rate case in force
since April 2020 (base ROE of 9% for electricity distribution).

— Rochester Gas and Electric (RG&E), New York, with a 3-year rate case in force since
April 2020 (base ROE of 9% for electricity distribution).

— Central Maine Power (CMP), Maine, whose annual rates are in force since 1 July 2014.
They may be extended for its electricity distribution business (base ROE of 9.25%) and
transmission business (base ROE of 10.57%). The ROE calculation method for the
transmission business is being revised by the FERC and an Order in that regard is to
be issued. CMP’s distribution ROE is 9.25% with a 100 bps decrease that has been
requested to be removed. The regulator’s decision is pending.

— United Illuminating (UI), Connecticut, with rates in force since 1 January 2017 for its
electricity distribution business (base ROE of 9.1%) and transmission business (base
ROE of 10.57%). The ROE calculation method for the transmission business is being
revised by the FERC, and the Order in that regard is to be issued. As part of an
agreement with the state regulator (PURA), no rates review will be requested for the
distribution business until May 2023.

— Aswell as the following natural gas distribution companies:

— Maine Natural Gas Corporation (MNG), ROE of 9.55% and 10-year rates effective
2026

— Connecticut Natural Gas (CNG), 9.30% ROE and three-year tariffs effective since
2019

— Southern Connecticut Gas (SCG), ROE of 9.25% and rates for three years
effective since 2018 and

— Berkshire Gas (BG), ROE of 9.70% and three-year rates effective since 2019.

Companies carrying on regulated business in the United States are exposed to risks associated
with the regulations of a number of federal regulatory bodies (FERC, CFTC, DEC) and state
commissions, responsible for establishing the regulatory frameworks for the various companies
subject to regulation (tariffs and other conditions).

The distributors’ tariff plans have been designed to reduce the risk to which the business is
exposed through mechanisms for deferral, reconciliation and provisions for costs. Regulated
distributors pass on the costs of gas and electricity to end customers, thereby mitigating any
impacts of fluctuations in demand.

G %UDILO
The IBERDROLA Group operates in Brazil through its listed subsidiary NEOENERGIA, which

in turn has the following subsidiary networks companies (66 Twh in energy distributed in 2021),
managing approximately 15.74 million supply points:

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
willy —

AN AY Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 268

— Elektro Redes, S.A. (ELEKTRO), operating in the states of Sao Paulo and Mato Grosso
do Sul, with 2.7 million points of supply. Rates in force until August 2023 and WACC

of 7.32%;

— Companhia de Eletricidade do Estado do Bahia (Coelba), operating in the state of
Bahia, with 6 million supply points. Rates in force until April 2023 and WACC of 7.32%;

— Companhia Energetica de Pernambuco S.A.(Celpe), operating in the state of
Pernambuco, with 3.8 million supply points. Rates in force until April 2025 and WACC
of 7.32%;

— Companhia Energética do Rio Grande do Norte (Cosern), operating in the state of Rio
Grande do Norte, with 1.4 million supply points. Rates in force until April 2023 and
WACC of 7.32%;

— Neoenergia Brasilia, operating in the Federal District, with 1.1 million supply points.
Rates in force until October 2026 and WACC of 7.32%;

— Several transmission assets with their own specific regulation.

The Brazilian regulatory framework is based on a system of price caps that is revised every four
or five years, depending on each company’s concession contract, with tariffs being revised
annually by the regulator based on predetermined parameters. Coelba, Cosern and Neoenergia
Brasilia have a five-year revision term and Celpe and Elektro have a four-year revision term.

Brazilian legislation applicable to the regulated electricity distribution business establishes two
types of costs: i) “Plot A’, which includes the costs of energy, transmission and other obligations
and regulatory charges, which can be recovered through tariffs (“pass through”) in accordance
with the conditions and limits imposed by ANEEL, and ii) “Plot B’, which includes remuneration
for investment and the costs of operation and maintenance (calculated using a reference model
that compares all distribution companies in the country and determines efficient cost levels,
which generates either an incentive or a risk for the investor).

ANEEL also acknowledges other smaller incentives to minimise default and impairment of
service quality and customer satisfaction that can affect the Income statement.

Pursuant to current legislation, electricity distribution companies transfer the cost of supplying
electricity to the end customer through the regulated tariff, provided the energy contracted is
between 100% and 105% of the demand required.

Published by the Brazilian Ministry of Mines and Energy, Ordinance 514/2018 has gradually
reduced the minimum demand for a consumer to be classified as free. The figure has been set
at 1,000 kW since 1 January 2022.

SHQHZDEOH HQHUJ\ EXVLQHVV DQG OLEHUDOLVHG EXVLQHV

The Group’s renewables business includes hydroelectric, wind (onshore and offshore) and
photovoltaic generation, as well as storage (pumping and batteries) technologies.

— The regulatory frameworks in each country in which the Group operates are aimed at
promoting the development of renewable energies based on formulas that may include
premiums (on production or investment), green certificates, tax relief or regulated tariffs
so that investors can obtain a sufficient and reasonable return. Any structural and

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
\
Z7TTTN\

tility

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 269

significant changes to the aforementioned regulations may represent a risk for said
businesses.

The group’s Renewables Businesses preferably sell their energy at: i) regulated rate
or ii) fixed price through PPAs. The remaining market exposure of the Renewables
Businesses is transferred to the Liberalised business in those countries where it is
present, for integrated management. The offsetting of risk positions between the
wholesale business (thermal and renewable) and the retail business largely reduces
the Group’s market risk.

In addition to the above risks, the Group’s renewable energy businesses may be
exposed, to a greater or lesser extent, to source risk (mainly hydraulic and wind and,
to a lesser extent, solar):

— In the medium to long term, years with lower than average water and/or wind
resources are offset by years with above-average overall resources. As a
consequence of climate change, structural changes of the hydrological resource
may be seen in the long term.

— The risk of water resources in a given year basically affects the Renewables
business in Spain, and to a lesser extent the Renewables business in Brazil.

— The risk of wind resources in a given year affects the Renewable businesses of
all countries in which the Group operates. At global level, the Group considers that
this annual risk is partially mitigated by the large number of wind farms in operation
and their geographical diversification.

The Group has important renewables projects under construction and development in the
different countries where it operates. In the particular case of offshore wind projects, it must be
highlighted that they require large investments subject to complex proceedings and entail other
risks such as long construction deadlines, operating difficulties and technological risks.

The Iberdrola Group has a wide array of thermal generation plants in Spain and Mexico, a single
thermal plant in Brazil and another one in the United States. A significant number of the plants
in Mexico and the Brazilian plant have long-term PPAs (power purchase agreements) with CFE
in Mexico (state-owned electricity company) and electricity distributors Coelba and Celpe in

Brazil.

The various Energy Management units supply electricity and gas to the retail activity
at wholesale market prices (hourly or forward) in accordance with the usual practices
of each of the countries in which the Group operates, and manage the sale and
purchase of surpluses and shortfalls.

The retail activities sell energy to end customers at fixed or indexed prices, together
with other services, at such terms as may be customary in the retail markets of the
countries in which they operate (Spain, the UK, Mexico, Brazil, Italy, France, Germany
and Ireland).

Main market risks of liberalised business:

Market prices for electricity, both wholesale and retail, are closely correlated with the
prices of fuel (oil and gas) and of the emission allowances needed to produce
electricity.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
willy —

AN AY Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 270

— Spot prices in the wholesale electricity market exhibit marked volatility as a result of:
1) the volatility of spot prices of fuels and emission allowances, 2) fluctuating demand,
3) availability of wind or water and 4) possible operational problems in networks or
power plants, or extreme weather events due to climate change, with strong temporary
impacts on prices and demand.

— Forward electricity prices are further influenced by projections of new generation plants
coming on stream and of increases or decreases in future reserve capacity.

— In general terms: 1) margins of the wholesale business (thermal and renewable to
market) are subject to the risk of the differential between the wholesale spot price and
the cost of production, and 2) margins of the retail business are subject to i) the risk of
the price differential between the wholesale spot market and forward retail prices, ii)
the degree of competition among retailers and iii) the risk of possible regulatory
intervention in the form of regulated tariffs, taxes or other obligations (i.e. energy anti-
poverty measures, maximum regulated prices in the UK, etc.).

The sensitivities shown below cover the exposures of both activities, where applicable.
D 6SDLQ

The Group currently has an installed capacity of renewable energy in Spain of: 5,866 MW of
wind power, 9,715 MW of hydroelectric power, 2,086 MWdc of photovoltaic power and 270 MW
of mini-hydro power. In Spain, the Group also has 9,168 MW of installed capacity in conventional
generation, of which 3,177 MW are nuclear power, 5,695 MW combined cycles and — MW co-
generation. Sales of the free-market retail electricity business in Spain amounted to 50.6 TWh
in 2020. Additionally, the last resort tariff retail subsidiary supplied 8.5 TWh in 2021.

The lesser or greater availability of hydroelectric resources has an impact on the marginal hour
prices of the Spanish electricity system. Despite having a large water storage capacity in Spain,
the Group’s annual results depend significantly on annual rainfall contributions. The changes in
output from a dry year to a wet year with respect to the average reference value can be up to -
4,000 GWh and +5,000 GWh respectively in Spain. In the medium to long term, dry years are
offset by wet years (no sensitivities are provided due to current regulatory uncertainty).

The wind and mini-hydro capacity installed by the Group prior to 2013 was subject to a specific
remuneration regime in accordance with Law 24/2013 and Royal Decree 413/2014. Said
regime, combining market income and a supplement per MW, guarantees reasonable
profitability before taxes to the plants, which was set at 7.398%. At the end of 2019, RDL
17/2019 was approved, extending the value of reasonable profitability through to 2031. Facilities
built prior to 2004 have zero supplement per MW.

In accordance with RD 413/2014:

a at the end of each regulatory half-period of three years, various remuneration
parameters for standard facilities are reviewed, including price estimates for the
following three years, as well as past prices. This is done by calculating whether the
set limits (bands) have been exceeded in the past three years; and

b. the existing plants were segmented based on various criteria such as commissioning
year and size, and they were assigned standard investment values, useful regulatory
life, peak factor, O&M expenses and hours.

c. In order to qualify for investment remuneration, wind farms have to meet a minimum
number of operating hours.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
willy —
nw» Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 271
Renewable plants commissioned after 2013 either only receive market income (or PPA
agreements) or had to participate in bids (which took place in 2016 and 2017) to access the
Specific Remuneration Regime described above. Government-driven auctions have been
launched in 2021 to achieve the NECP targets, guaranteeing fixed prices with the system for a
period of time.

The production of hydroelectric power plants is not regulated by RD 413/2014.
Commodity price risk

Given the current market conditions, the production price of the combined cycle plants defines,
to a large extent, the price of electricity in Spain since combined cycles provide the marginal
technology necessary to cover electricity demand. Consequently, the price of natural gas
conditions revenues from the other less expensive technologies which are used to cover
demand. The price of COz2 also influences the cost of production in thermal power plants.

In 2021, the Iberdrola Group supplied gas at prices indexed to European markets, with
uncertainty associated with the difference between the purchase price and the price at which it
is sold to customers or the price of gas consumed by combined cycle plants.

Demand risk (liberalised business)

Given the current market conditions, where the price is primarily determined by the generation
cost at combined cycle plants, which make up around 16% of the generation mix, demand
fluctuations that could occur within one year are not deemed to impact on marginal technology
in the market. The impact on the market price of a 1% change in demand is therefore minimal,
amounting to approximately EUR 0.25 per MWh.

A moderate drop in demand in Spain does not affect the scheduled output of the Group’s
nuclear, hydroelectric and wind power plants, since there is a mandatory electricity market in
Spain guaranteeing the efficient dispatch of output from all generation technologies.

Nevertheless, there is an impact if a drop in electricity demand may entail an equivalent
reduction in the Group’s retail sales (and the narrowing of the associated margin). This is
mitigated to some extent by increasing sales of own energy on the wholesale market. This same
effect of loss of margin on retail sales can be seen in the demand for gas.

Taking both effects into account, it is estimated that a 1% fluctuation in demand would have an
impact of around EUR +16 million overall, for both electricity and gas.
Regulatory uncertainty in the Spanish electricity market

As a consequence of the ongoing and steep rise in prices in international gas markets and CO2
emission allowances, and their impact on wholesale electricity prices and regulated rates for
last resort retailers, in 2021 the Spanish government approved various measures to act in the
Spanish electricity market, among which the following are worth highlighting:

— Royal Decree-Law 17/2021, of 14 September, on urgent measures to mitigate the
impact of soaring natural gas prices on the retail gas and electricity markets, which
establishes a reduction in the price of gas for electricity production facilities that do not
emit greenhouse gases, which is partially mitigated as a result of the approval of Royal
Decree-Law 23/2021, of 26 October, on urgent energy measures to protect consumers
and introduce transparency in the wholesale and retail electricity and natural gas
markets.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
willy —

AN AY Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 272

— Draft Bill to act on the remuneration of COz not emitted from the electricity market,
currently making its way through parliament. Its ultimate impact on the Iberdrola Group
is still uncertain.

In the event that the current high international gas and COz prices are prolonged over time, it
cannot be ruled out that the Spanish government will approve new intervention measures during
2022, including possible future auctions for the sale of energy to third parties by the dominant
generation operators, as provided in the aforementioned Royal Decree-Law 17/2021.

The operational risk of the Group’s nuclear power plants in Spain is described in the operational
risks section.

E 8QLWHG .LQJGRP

The Group currently has an installed capacity of renewable energy in the United Kingdom and
Ireland of 1,971 MW in onshore wind farms and 908 MW in offshore wind farms in operation,
including an interest of 50% in West of Duddon Sands (389 MW) and the East Anglia 1 offshore
wind farm (714 MW).

Sales at the IBERDROLA Group's retail business in United Kingdom amounted to 19.3 TWh of
electricity and 26.1 TWh of gas in 2021, both higher than in 2020, owing to the partial
overcoming of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.

The bulk of the onshore wind farms the Group currently in operation, as well as West of Duddon
Sands, were developed under current “Renewables Obligation” legislation. Under such
legislation, revenues are partially exposed to the risk of the market price for electricity, as the
total revenues obtained reflect the price of the energy produced and the sale of associated
Renewables Obligation Certificates (ROCs).

UK regulations require that electricity suppliers meet ROC delivery date requirements per MWh
sold that are 10% more than are expected to be available on an annual basis, and determine
the price at which the rest must be bought, which in practice amounts to setting a reference
price of the ROCs.

For facilities commissioned subsequent to 1 April 2017 (for onshore wind farms, those built from
12 May 2016), the revenue system is market-based (80 MW), except for specific assets that
have opted for the “Contract for Difference” (CfD) remuneration scheme, which eliminates
market risk for 15 years. Such is the case of the East Anglia 1 offshore wind farm.

The fixed prices for the projects under the CfD scheme are established on a project-by-project
basis through public tenders. The counterparty guaranteeing this price, “The Low Carbon
Contracts Company”, finances its potential payments by imposing a levy on suppliers in
accordance with their market share, and therefore credit risk vis-a-vis this counterparty is
practically zero.

Energy from all of the Group’s renewable installations in the UK is transferred annually to the
Retail business.

The portfolio of offshore wind projects under development in the country includes the East Anglia
Hub, with up to 3,100 MW, as well as offshore land rights in Scotland for the future development
of offshore wind farms of up to 4.5 TW.

In the retail business, following the entry into force of the Domestic Gas and Electricity Act 2018,

OFGEM publishes on a half-yearly basis the maximum prices that suppliers may charge to end
customers under the “Standard Variable Tariff’. The desirability of maintaining this price cap

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
Wy
iil

AN ww Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 273
cf

system was reviewed in 2020 and extended until the end of 2023, although the British
government has already announced its intention to extend its validity beyond this date.

The structure of the tariffs applied, both those defined freely and those fixed by the regulator,
means that the IBERDROLA Group’s margin is affected by changes in demand. In the UK, the
impact of temperature on energy demand is important, mainly for household customers who use
gas to warm their homes. In this regard, it is estimated that ina warm year, the actual customers’
demand would be 2.0% lower for electricity and 10.2% lower for gas compared to average
values. This year’s hot temperatures have had a negative impact on results amounting to EUR
47 million.

F 8QLWHG 6WDWHV

The IBERDROLA Group conducts its renewables business in the United States through its listed
company Avangrid, which has an installed capacity of 7,708 MW in onshore wind farms and 233
MWadc in operational photovoltaic plants, plus a further 636 MW in thermal power.

Approximately 73% of the energy produced is sold under fixed-price long-term contracts with
third parties. If the hedges carried out are considered, the percentage of fixed-price energy rises
up to 84%. The remaining 16% of the energy produced is sold to the market in more or less
short terms.

With electricity prices around USD 42MWh, a 5% change in prices could give rise to an impact
of EUR +8 million on operating results.

Avangrid has a significant portfolio of offshore marine projects, including the projects with
already awarded long-term power purchase agreements of Vineyard (800 MW, 100% data),
Park City Wind (804 MW) and Commonwealth Wind (1,232 MW).

G %UDILO

In Brazil, the Group, through NEOENERGIA, currently has onshore wind farms in operation
under long-term and short-term agreements with the country’s distributors and free consumers
respectively. For long-term agreements with distributors, surpluses and shortages in the
production contracted with the distributors are settled over periods of four years, and surpluses
must be offered and shortages purchased at market prices.

Also in Brazil the Group has 3,031 MW in hydroelectric plants (consolidated power and equity-
accounted interests), of which approximately 60% is sold to electricity distribution companies
under long-term contracts (PPAs).

The Wholesale Business has a combined cycle power plant of 533 MW in Brazil (Pernambuco),
with long-term purchase and sale agreements in effect.

Renewable energy without a PPA and thermal generation surpluses are traded through the
Group’s retail company in the free market. With market prices of approximately BRL 160/MWh,
a price fluctuation of 30% would affect the results of the IBERDROLA Group by less than EUR
5 million, due to the fact that expected generation almost matches expected demand.

H OH[LFR
In Mexico the business currently has an installed capacity of 693 MW in wind farms and 642

MWdc in solar plants, with three sales arrangements: a) fixed-price sale of power to CFE under
a long-term contract (La venta Ill, 103 MW); b) sale of power to third parties, typically with a

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
\\ Wy
awww Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 274
discount on the official price published by CFE under the self-supply regime; or c) sale of power
to the free market. The Group also has 9,146 MW in combined cycle plants and 202 MW in

cogeneration plants in Mexico.

Mexican legislation requires electricity retailers in the free market to present Certificates of Clean
Energy at the end of each year for a percentage of their energy sales for the year, which
percentage increases over time. The Group’s renewable production not for own supply in Mexico
generates these certificates, which are then sold, at market prices, to the Group’s Wholesale
and Retail business.

Commodity price risk

Electricity generation at IBERDROLA Generacién México is gas-intensive. Gas prices are
therefore an essential component of this risk. In 2021, approximately 66% of the electricity
generated in Mexico was sold under long-term sales agreements (to the CFE and, to a lesser
extent, to other major industrial customers), whereby the risk associated with the purchase price
of gas used in generating this electricity is passed on.

The remaining energy is sold to customers (either under self-supply or in the free market) at a
price linked to the official basic supply tariffs published by the CFE. The Group’s competitiveness
in this case consists of obtaining a better price for the supply of gas than the cost used to define
the CFE’s basic supply tariff. In the event of an adverse scenario (high cost of gas relative to
other energy commodities), the impact would be just shy of EUR 27 million in the 95th percentile.

Demand risk (liberalised business)

The structure of the agreements IBERDROLA has entered into in Mexico largely shields
business results from electricity demand fluctuations. Revenues under contracts with the CFE
come mainly from plant availability, and only the sales indexed to the official Mexican tariff are
exposed to a certain extent to fluctuations in demand. Nonetheless, most of the plants have no
firm sales commitments exceeding their production capacity, and therefore a shift in demand
would not have an impact on their operations or results as the electricity generated would be
sold to another customer. For this reason, changes in electricity demand in Mexico are not
expected to have a material impact on results.

Regulatory uncertainty in the Mexican electricity market

On 30 September 2021, the Mexican executive sent to Congress an “Initiative to reform the
Constitution”, which is currently making its way through parliament, the aim of which is to repeal
the current legal framework of the country’s electricity industry contained in the Electricity
Industry Law (LIE) and the Public Electricity Service Law of 1992. The ultimate impact for the
Iberdrola Group is as yet uncertain.

In addition, the Group is having to face an additional risk in Mexico due to the delays in
registering customers for the new market scheme. This delay is preventing Iberdrola from being
able to supply these customers, meaning the energy must be sold on the market instead. Should
the current delays in granting these registrations continue, the impact could reach EUR 50
million.

I ,QOWHUQDWLRQDO
In Germany, the Group owns and operates the Wikinger offshore wind farm with a capacity of

350 MW. Pursuant to German regulations, the Wikinger plant will have a fixed price for the
energy it produces over the first 12 years of operation.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy —
“AI www Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 275

In other countries, the Group currently has an onshore installed capacity of 1,749 MW in wind
farms and 164 MWdc in photovoltaic facilities and batteries. In Portugal, Greece, Cyprus, France
and Hungary the revenue schemes are regulated, with variations, while in Australia, Romania,
Poland and part of Greece PPAs and revenue with market exposure are combined.

The Group has been awarded, and is indeed already building, several significant offshore wind
farm projects in Europe, which are expected to be brought into operation throughout 2023-2024:

— Germany: Baltic Eagle (476 MW) project.
— France: Saint Brieuc project (496 MW).

In addition, the Group has a significant portfolio of potential offshore wind projects, having taken
stakes in developments in Sweden, Poland, Ireland, Taiwan, Vietnam, the Philippines and
Japan, and it has secured the construction and future operation of the 309 MW Windanker wind
project in Germany.

Iberdrola engages in commercial and retail activities in Portugal, Italy, France, Germany and
Ireland, although the scale of this activity is not material at Group level.

SLVN RWKHU RSHUDWLROV LQ HQHUJ\ PDUNHWV

Finally, it should be noted that supplementary discretionary trading activities are limited to
certain countries only, are small-scale in nature and their overall risk is limited by individual stop-
loss limits, the aggregate sum of which may never exceed the maximum limit of 2% of the
expected consolidated net profit.

IBERDROLA has maintained low levels of discretionary trading in recent years in line with the
widespread move away from market speculation. In December 2021, the notional value of
derivatives used in speculative trading (calculated in accordance with the criteria set forth in the
European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR)) was EUR 57 million for commodity
derivatives. This value is much lower than the EUR 3,000 million threshold set for non-financial
companies in the European regulation (EMIR).

2SHUDWLRQDO WHFKQRORJLFDO VRFLDO H
ULVNV

These relate to direct or indirect economic losses caused by external events or inadequate
internal processes. The IBERDROLA Group is exposed to the following operational risks,
among others:

— technological failures, human error and technological obsolescence;
— operation, construction of facilities;

— supply and the supply chain;

— operational risk of market transactions.

— cybersecurity and information systems.

— _ the health and safety of people;

— climate change, extreme natural events and pandemics;
— sabotage and/or terrorism;

— regulatory compliance;

— reliability of financial and non-financial information;

— fraud and corruption; and

— _ litigation, arbitration and tax issues.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
“AI www Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 276
Any of these risks could cause damage or destruction to the IBERDROLA Group’s facilities and
financial losses, as well as injuries or losses to third parties or damage to the environment, along
with the ensuing lawsuits, especially in the event of power outages caused by incidents at our
distribution networks, as well as possible penalties imposed by the authorities.

Although many of these factors are unpredictable, the IBERDROLA Group mitigates these risks
by carrying out the necessary investments, implementing operation and maintenance
procedures and programmes (supported by quality control systems), planning appropriate
employee training, and taking out the required insurance covering both material damages and
civil liability.

In relation to insurance coverage, the IBERDROLA Group has international insurance
programmes to protect assets (insurance for material damage, machinery breakdowns, loss of
profits and damage due to natural disasters) and against the liability it may incur as a result of
its activities (general civil liability, liability for environmental risks, etc.).

However, this insurance does not completely eliminate operational risk, since it is not always
possible, or interesting from the viewpoint of efficiency, to pass such risk entirely on to insurance
companies. In addition, coverage is always subject to certain limitations and, sometimes. to
excesses.

Given the configuration of the electricity sector’s value chain, the IBERDROLA Group’s activities
might be affected by failures in third-party infrastructures and equipment, like transmission
networks, competitors’ generation plants, communications networks, etc.

Operational risk of nuclear power plants (Spain)

In relation to thermal generation in Spain, the main risk arises from unscheduled outages of the
nuclear power plants (partially covered by a loss of profits insurance policy over and above an
excess).

It should be noted that nuclear power plants are exposed to specific risks derived from the
operation thereof and from the storage and handling of radioactive materials. The entry into
force on 1/01/2022 of Law 12/2011 of 27 May on civil liability for nuclear damage or damage
caused by radioactive materials sets the liability of nuclear power plant operators in the event
of a nuclear accident at EUR 1.2 billion. Such liability carries with it the obligation to provide
financial protection in the amount and to the extent specified in the law. The IBERDROLA Group
secures this liability by taking out a Nuclear Liability insurance policy for each facility. It was
adapted on 1/01/2022 to the new legal requirements.

In 2019, the Government and nuclear generators agreed on a scheduled closure plan for
Spanish nuclear plants. The agreement provides guarantees on the recoverability of
investments required until the last day of useful life of the plants and allows for rational and safe
operation of the plants through to the end of the decade.

&\EHUVHFXULW\

IBERDROLA Group companies may be affected by threats and vulnerabilities in connection with
information, control systems or information and communications systems used by the Group, or
by any consequences of unauthorised access to or the use, disclosure, degradation,
interruption, modification or destruction of information or information systems, including the
consequences of acts of terrorism.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 277

The main risks are:

— Risks related to Operations Technology (OT), such as IT and communications systems
used to manage industrial operations (production, management and distribution of
energy) or physical safety systems (fire protection, CCTV, alarm reception centres).

— Risks related to administration or customer interfaces (IT), in particular violation of
information in them, under the umbrella of the General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) in Europe and other countries.

— Other cybersecurity risks having an impact on reputation.

The OT cyber infrastructure of the thermal generation business and of the large hydroelectric
power plants of the Renewables Business is set up to control and manage the operation of each
plant from the Operation Control Centre (Despacho Central de Operaciones) (DCO) in Spain
and for other own local generation centres. The potential impact of a cyber-attack could put
generation and the safety of the whole country’s electrical system at risk.

The operating management of the Group’s Networks Businesses is based on cyber
infrastructures used to supervise and monitor physical electricity and gas transmission and
distribution networks (with offices located in the Group’s facilities) and the associated field
devices. These devices may be located at Iberdrola Group’s facilities (substations, transformer
centres, etc.) or at customer facilities (meters). The potential impact of a cyber-attack could put
at risk the energy supply to whole distribution areas of the Group and/or borderline areas
operated by other suppliers.

In the particular case of wind farms (onshore or offshore) and photovoltaic plants, said facilities
are connected to Supervision, Control and Data Acquisition systems (“SCADA”) that
communicate with Control Centres (CORE), from which said facilities can be monitored and
controlled remotely. The global impact of a cyber-attack would affect said remote control
capacity, putting operating safety at risk.

These risks are managed in accordance with the basic principles defined in internal rules
promoting the safe use of IT and communications systems and other cyber assets, reinforcing
detection, prevention, defence and response capabilities regarding possible attacks.

The IBERDROLA Group currently has specific insurance against cyber risks, under the terms
allowed by the insurance market, which is revised and updated periodically in view of the rapid
evolution and wide variety of cyber risks.

Within the IBERDROLA Group, training, awareness and compliance plans on Cybersecurity and
Data Protection are in place for all professionals that include standards, procedures, guidelines
and risks depending on the role performed by each professional. Specifically, it is carried out for
the owners and managers of critical cyberinfrastructure and for the personnel involved in the
protection of cyberinfrastructure.

The different Wholesale and Retail, Renewables and Networks businesses in the Group have
appointed specific cybersecurity managers and defined plans and processes for their internal
networks and cyber infrastructures, aligned with the Group’s global framework but adapted to
their specific requirements (Industrial Control Systems (ICS), SCADA, Advanced Metering
Infrastructure (AMI), etc.).

The Iberdrola Group complies with local rules on critical infrastructure protection in the countries

where it operates, which guarantees the highest level of protection against these types of
threats. In the case of Spain, the nuclear plant of Cofrentes meets the highest requirements in

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy —
“AI www Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 278
terms of physical safety and cyber security within the Group. It has its own Cybersecurity Plan,
in order to comply with the Spanish Critical Infrastructures Act (Law 8/2011) and the Nuclear
Safety Council, as well as its Additional Technical Guidelines, and collaborates in the exchange
of information through the Spanish cybersecurity plan.

When it comes to commercial operations, the IBERDROLA Group has implemented a global
model to guarantee compliance with all obligations in force in each country. In Europe, the
IBERDROLA Group is subject to the GDPR. The Personal Data Protection Policy is
implemented at each of the Group’s country subholding companies and is developed through
local data protection rules and procedures adapted to the legal provisions applicable in each
country.

&OLPDWH FKDQJH

IBERDROLA has a Climate Change Policy (available at www.iberdrola.com) and is firmly
committed to addressing growing interest among investors in climate change risks. It is therefore
working to implement the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD) of the Financial Stability Board.

The Articles of Association approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders in June 2021
establish the obligation of the Board of Directors to approve, monitor and report regularly on the
Climate Action Plan. In response to the need for professionalisation, diversification and
qualification in relevant issues, the Board has a training and refresher programme for its
members. In turn, the remuneration structure for executive directors and the management team
considers economic-financial, operational and sustainability aspects. Iberdrola’s Climate Action
Report (October 2021, available at www.iberdrola.com) provides additional information.

We are all facing a systemic global risk. Companies, governments and individuals can all reduce
their emissions (mitigation) and/or become more resilient (adaptation).

Climate change encompasses various risks with growing impacts over the long term, which, to
a greater or lesser extent, may be regarded as risks that are not new to the sector. Risks may
be grouped into the following categories:

— Physical risks, due to a potential material impact on facilities as a consequence of the
effects of climate change (rising temperatures, rising sea level, variations in rainfall,
increase in both the frequency and intensity of extreme weather events, etc.).

— Transition risks, linked to all risks that may arise during the gradual global
decarbonisation process, such as regulatory changes, market prices, technological
and reputational risks, whistleblowing (e.g., for deficient reporting) lawsuits, changes
in demand and so on.

— Other risks, like the credit impairment of counterparties (suppliers, banks, etc.,), social
phenomena (humanitarian crises, impact on crops and fishing, refugee crises,
epidemics, etc.) and larger competition for financial resources.

It should be noted that the main transition risks, regulatory and market risks, are largely domestic
concerns. Climate change risks require strategic management in certain cases, with notable
examples here including the growth policy pursued by IBERDROLA, which focuses heavily on
the development of renewable energies and flexible smart grids.

In contrast, physical risks are site-specific, progressive related to each specific technology and
relatively long-term, although they can already be felt in the short term (e.g. sometimes as a
result of increased extreme weather events). The fact that the impacts are primarily long-term
means that it is largely the Group’s future assets, and not its current assets, that will be more
severely impacted, since all assets are progressively renewed when they reach the end of their

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
\\ Wy
AN ww Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 279
useful life. Additionally, the following physical risk mitigation and management measures should

be highlighted:

— The design and specifications of the new equipment will take into account more severe
weather scenarios, and technological improvements will extract more economic value
from the new projects.

— Consideration of this risk in new investments: the Group’s Investment Policy addresses
the need to consider potential climate change risks (physical and transitional) in
decision-making on any new investment.

— The experience amassed by the Group in managing climatic events (equipment
redundancy, emergency plans, event management, network design, etc.), as well as
the digitalisation and modernisation of networks and generation facilities.

— Insurance coverage.

— Diversification of assets (by geography, technology, age, etc.).

— Regulatory coverage in the Networks business.

— Sufficient financial strength to undertake investment in adaptation.

Regulated business

Given the geographical spread of our networks assets in Spain, the United Kingdom, the United
States and Brazil, and in accordance with already existing studies, the potential increase in sea
level in coast areas would have a quite reduced impact on the regulatory conditions of our
Group’s assets.

Increases in temperature and greater frequency of extreme climatic events may entail increased
technical losses, worse levels of services, an increase in operation and maintenance costs
(associated with various factors such as increased technical losses and reduced useful life of
assets) and annual capital expenditure, although in perfectly manageable amounts given the
multi-year tariff reviews that take place at these regulated businesses. The investment and
response plans already in place, together with accumulated experience and sound network
design (meshing and making lines underground) would act as mitigating factors.

In terms of transition risks, notable examples include the potential mass development of
distributed generation, the impact of which would be partly offset by the growing electrification
of the economy (e.g. electric vehicles) and investment in smart grids.

Renewables business

The main physical risk is potential negative future performance of hydroelectric, solar and wind
resources, the key elements having a financial impact on this activity. Added to the uncertainty
associated with long-term global climate projections is the need to specify the impact on the
geographical regions where our assets are located. There is currently much uncertainty
surrounding the long-term outlook of renewable energies, especially solar and wind power.

a Inthe case of hydraulic resources, a potential decrease in annual average rainfall could
lead to a negative impact on the output of the Group’s hydroelectric plants, which is
especially visible in flow plants, although the negative effects in certain regions may
be partially offset against other impacts. Additionally, climate change could affect
seasonal rainfall. In Spain, assuming, for example, 5% lower production over an
average year of the current generation facilities, a medium-term impact on the margin
(discounting pumping) of approximately EUR 23 million is estimated, based on average
prices over the following decade.

b. In the case of wind power, and as noted above, there are no conclusive studies on the
matter that allow us to anticipate the future impact with any degree of certainty.
However, for illustrative purposes, a 1% reduction in the current the Group’s current

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 280

overall wind power production would result in a lower profit margin of some EUR 24
million based on average prices over the following decade and current exchange rates.

In terms of transition risks, potential cuts to remuneration to renewable energies and a drop in
wholesale marginal market prices due to a higher renewable production at a reduced variable
cost should be noted.

Wholesale and Retail business

The long-term impact of climate change on the thermal generation business is not expected to
be material, since the Group’s assets in this area will be substantially reduced in the next few
decades as they reach the end of their useful life, and will be mainly concentrated in Mexico.

The impact on the retail business is considered minor, since any possible negative impacts
deriving from efficiency measures and changes in temperature could be offset by the increased
growth that the electrification of the economy is expected to produce.

In conclusion, and based on the impacts we have discussed (which take into account the current
uncertainty associated with climate projections) and the mitigating elements in place, it is
estimated that the physical risks of climate change may not have a material and permanent
impact on the consolidated figures of the Group, which is believed to be globally resilient. In
terms of transitional risks, the Group’s current positioning, as a result of its decision to focus its
investment on energy obtained from renewable sources and networks, puts it on a good footing
to face these risks. The Group believes that the opportunities arising from decarbonisation of
the global economy (growth in renewables, investments in inclusive smart grids, electrification
of transport, green hydrogen, etc.) outweigh the risks.

It is also worth noting that the Group continues to advance and deepen its climate analysis, as
part of a process of continuous improvement in analysing projections and adapting as and when
necessary.

For more information on this risk, see the “Risks” section of the “Climate Action” section of the
2021 Sustainability Report.

/HJDO DQG WD[ ULVNV

The IBERDROLA Group companies are party to certain in-court and out-of-court disputes within
the ordinary course of their activities, the final result of which is generally uncertain. An adverse
result or an out-of-court resolution of these or other proceedings in the future could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial situation, operating results and cash flows,
and our reputation. As is standard practice, provisions have been made for this purpose, based
on the opinion of the Group’s legal advisors.

Notes 35 and 45 to the consolidated Financial Statements include a more detailed description
of the most significant open matters.

(6*
The Group has policies and procedures to monitor and mitigate other risks to which it is subject,

under the supervision of the Board of Directors, with the support of its different committees and
the management of the appropriate corporate divisions.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy —
on™ Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 281
The comprehensive risk control and management system therefore provides for the continuous
monitoring and detection of emerging risks that are not strictly financial in nature which the
investor community has been monitoring with growing interest in the last financial years, such
as environmental aspects, the impact on society and the Group’s corporate governance
(“ESG”). The impact of said risks, which are timely reported both internally and externally, can
be of a varied nature, both in economic terms and reputational terms.

While most of the risks with an ESG impact have already been described above, the risks of
fraud and corruption are highlighted below. The IBERDROLA Group has a Compliance System
consisting of a set of substantive rules, formal procedures and material actions aimed at
guaranteeing its conduct in compliance with ethical principles and applicable legal provisions,
preventing, avoiding and mitigating the risk of irregular, unethical or illegal behaviour on the part
of Iberdrola Group professionals within the organisation. The bodies and divisions to which the
implementation and development thereof has been directly entrusted are also part of said
system.

As part of the Compliance System, particularly noteworthy are the Code of Ethics (applicable to
all Group professionals, directors and suppliers) and the Compliance Unit, an internal
permanent collective body, linked to the Sustainable Development Committee within Iberdrola’s
Board of Directors, which, among other tasks, disseminates a preventive culture based on the
principle of zero tolerance for the commission of illegal acts or irregular behaviour. The system
has been developed following the best domestic and international practices in the area of
compliance, fraud prevention and fight against corruption.

Among the Policies approved by the Board, the following are especially noteworthy:

Environmental, social and corporate governance risks (“ESG”)

— Environmental Policy, General Sustainable Development Policy, Climate Change
Policy.

— Human Resources Framework Policy, Occupational Health and Safety Risks Policy
and Equal Opportunity and Reconciliation Policy.

— General Corporate Governance Policy, Board of Directors Diversity and Member
Selection Policy, and Senior Management Remuneration Policy.

— Stakeholder Engagement Policy and Policy on Respect for Human Rights.

Fraud and corruption risks

— Anti-Corruption and Anti-Fraud Policy.
— Crime Prevention Policy.
— Code of Ethics.
— Ethics Mailboxes.
Reputational risk

— Reputational Risk Framework Policy.

For further information on these ESG risks, see the 2021 Sustainability Report, as well as the
Integrated Report — February 2022 and the 2021 Annual Corporate Governance Report.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 282

2WKHU VRXUFHV RI XxQFHUWDLQW\

— Merger and acquisition risk

There is a risk that the Group will not identify suitable acquisition opportunities or obtain the
necessary funding, and also that transactions will not be profitable. Hidden liabilities and
failures in the integration of companies could also come to light.

—  Avangrid-PNM Resources merger project

Avangrid, lberdrola’s subsidiary in the United States, has notified the Securities Exchange
Commission (SEC) of the agreement reached with PNM Resources to extend until 20 April
2023 the expiry date of the merger agreement signed by the two companies. The
agreement is extendable for a period of three months.

The two companies have also decided to lodge an appeal with the New Mexico Supreme
Court against the ruling of the New Mexico Public Regulation Commission (NMPRC) of 9
December 2021, rejecting the stipulated agreement signed by Avangrid, PNM, some of its
subsidiaries and certain third parties in the context of the merger between PNM and
Avangrid.

The friendly transaction, recommended by PNM Resources’ board of directors, was
approved by several state and federal agencies during the merger clearance process
throughout 2021: the Public Utility Commission of Texas and five federal agencies (Federal
Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), Hart-Scott-Rodino Clearance (HSR), Committee
on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), Federal Communications Commission
(FCC) and Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC)).

— Other

The risks associated with pension plans are analysed in Note 27 to these Financial
Statements. Note 44 provides a detailed description of contingent liabilities.

SLVNV PDWHULDOLVHG GXULQJ WKH \HDU

See section E.5 of the 2021 Corporate Governance Report.

6,*1,),&$17 (9(176 68%6(48(17 72 <($5 (1’

Events subsequent to the close of the financial year are described in Note 50 to the Financial
Statements.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 283

5(6($5&+ $1’ °(9(/230(17 $&7,9,7,(6

IBERDROLA is today the Utility of the future due to its innovative strategy, which is applied
across all its business units and areas of activity. Thanks to a constant commitment to
innovation, lberdrola is the most innovative Spanish utility, the second at European level and
the third at worldwide level, in accordance with the European Commission’s classification. This
position was reached thanks to the talent, experience and effort of 34,000 people in more than
40 countries.

In 2021, IBERDROLA invested EUR 337 million in R+D+i activities, up 15% from 2020. The
IBERDROLA Group’s efforts in R+D+i are based on five pillars fully aligned with the central
vectors underpinning the transformation of the energy sector, decarbonisation and electrification
of the economy.

° "LVUXSWLYH WHRRQ RR Iriciéaégingly efficient, sustainable and
environmentally-friendly, enabling the operation of facilities and processes to be
optimised. Green hydrogen, innovative renewables, sustainable mobility, energy
storage, smart grids, electrification of heat and recycling of clean technology
components will all contribute to the country’s industrial transformation, with a focus
on sustainability, green and affordable energy and jobs.

° &RPSHWLWLYH QHZ SURG XthaW Wed) @isiomerb Un¥dds With a greater
degree of personalisation of contents and offers.

° "LILWDOLVDWLRQ D Q@GallDbXswias? and Ipf@esses, introducing new
technologies such as blockchain, big data, IoT, virtual reality, artificial intelligence, etc.

° ,QRQRYDWLRQ ZLWK VWDUW XSV_ HQ Witt thé Gbbl Ofldevéldgingd QG VXS
alliances and new disruptive business models, favouring the exchange of know-how
and having a driving effect on collaborators.

° &XOWXUH RI LQQRYD WHERRRGA sfrD O Giiquke of innovation by
means of knowledge transfer and by attracting talent and promoting the
entrepreneurial spirit. Within the Universities Programme, several initiatives are
developed in the academic world, such as lectures, R&D projects, training of students,
in-house training and young entrepreneurs. It is a network that promotes training,
entrepreneurship and research and connects 490,000 members including students,
researchers, professors, etc.

A highlight this year was the inauguration of the Iberdrola Campus, a global centre for
knowledge, innovation and employability that has about 13,000 people receiving training in its
classrooms every year. It represents Iberdrola’s commitment to technology, R&D and
collaboration with technology centres as levers to lead the energy transition. The inauguration
also occurred of the Global Smart Grids Innovation Hub in Bilbao, with the main aim of promoting
and speeding up the development of innovation in smart grids, which will be key to accelerating
the energy transition and boosting the development of the related industry.

Some of the innovative initiatives, classified by broad area, are:

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
\
Z7TTTN\

tility

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 284

SHQHZDEOH HQHUJLHV

In 2021, innovation activities at Renewables focused primarily on:

Efficiency improvements in wind farms, photovoltaic plants and hydroelectric facilities.
Big data technologies have been used to obtain weather forecasts for wind or

photovoltaic farms, as in the ENERPREDIC project, and to contemplate climate
variability, including solar variability, which allows the viewing and processing of
information using the CHINOOK tool, as well as data analysis and decision-making in
the CARTERAREN project. Work has been carried out on metrics associated with the
maintenance and operation of the wind farms in a very graphic and visual way, in
addition to the development of new solutions to improve the efficiency of the DOMINA
system tools within the REN-EFIC project. Work continued on the ASPA project to
develop new models and tools for the early detection of faults based on artificial
intelligence/big data techniques; and the AEROEXTENS project focused on
understanding the performance of wind turbines in terms of machine control strategies.
In the DIAGNOSGRE and GRIDFORMIN projects, digital twin methodologies have
been incorporated to verify the operating parameters of a wind farm so as to calibrating
the sensitivity and stability of the wind farm, and to analyse the configuration of
equipment needed to stabilise the grid.

In the realm of hydropower, an analysis has been made of the potential to increase
pumping capacity at hydroelectric power plants. The analysis addresses the needs for
future power, the best location for this increase and the technological improvements
that will make it possible, such as variable speed reversible turbines or lower cost
penstocks (such as the developments of the project, NEWPUMPING and
CONDUCCIONES). In this respect, reference should be made to two projects financed
by CDTI, namely HYDROSMART and HYDRODEMAND, which supplement these
lines of work.

With regard to innovation in offshore wind projects, several projects are continuing at
the East Anglia One offshore wind farm in the United Kingdom. These include

CROWN2, which is studying different types of anti-corrosion solutions and lidar trials
that are carrying out a series of studies related to the wind resource. IBERDROLA will
build the East Anglia Hub over the coming few years to combine the following three
projects with a total installed capacity of 3,100 MW: East Anglia One North, East Anglia
Two and East Anglia Three. A novel design has already been initiated for the
foundations of the latter farm and studies are continuing for the export of energy using
HVDC technology. In the Baltic Sea, a key highlight is the construction of the Baltic
Eagle offshore wind farm, where a new design is being produced that is suitable for
sea bed conditions and to the size of the new 9.5 MW wind turbines. Last but not least,
we have the FLAGSHIP project, an initiative under the H2020 programme for the
design, manufacture and operation of a new semi-submerged concrete floating
platform and a 10 MW turbine in the Metcentre waters of Norway.

When it comes to promoting a culture of innovation, the YO SOY INNOVADOR (|
INNOVATE) initiatives have continued, with the launch of internal and external

challenges and the Renewables Digital Evolution Plan (2018-2022), which seeks ways
to standardise, globalise and improve the efficiency of processes in the quest for
operational excellence through a global and multidisciplinary team.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 285

&®OHDQ JHQHUDWLRQ WHFKQRORJLHV

In 2021, efforts in the area of generation focused on digitalisation, operating flexibility and
efficiency, reducing the environmental impact and improving plant safety, as follows:

— In nuclear power, the COATI project has continued its work for the development of a
software tool that will allow users to draw up specific loading plans for spent fuel
assemblies, and which has drawn the interest of potential users like ENRESA. In
addition, 3D models are being used to simulate critical processes such as container
loading, as well as the use of augmented reality and virtual reality.

— Inthe realm of thermal generation and industrial heat, further progress has been made
on the pioneering REDEMIS project, which has achieved exceptional results in
reducing emissions and start-up times of combined cycle power plants. In the digital
sphere, highlights include the FLAGSHIP project, which, through the creation of digital
twins, makes it possible to simulate operating environments different to those of the
plant’s basic design, thus showing us the results of these operations and allowing us
to improve in terms of operational flexibility, reliability and efficiency. In addition, work
began in 2021 on the SIRO project on technological development based on artificial
intelligence, which aims to develop and validate a robotic inspection system for
generators. This area encompasses the Industrial Heating and Cooling team, which
aims at decarbonising industry through the electrification of production processes.

— The area of energy management is noteworthy for the launch of projects such as
Thirties, which seeks to improve voltage control and optimise the use of transmission
grids. Also, projects include the likes of Flexener, which is aimed at researching new
technologies, simulation models and flexibility services to promote the achievement
and operation of a 100% renewable energy mix. It is important to mention the European
project Posytyf, which analyses from a theoretical perspective the contribution of
renewables to the provision of services to the grid through Virtual Power Plants. The
same may said of the BeFlex project, which aims to design an eco-system that can
facilitate adequate coordination between all the actors involved in the provision of
services to the distributor, with a special focus on the consumer.

SHWDLO $UHD - 1HZ SURMHFWV DQG VHUYLFI

Innovation is essential in the retail activity in order to offer customers the products and services
best suited to their needs. Thus, in 2021 IBERDROLA worked on:

- New initiatives to boost customer experience.

Work has also continued on adding new functionalities to the Iberdrola Customers App.
Thus, there has been a simplification of registration processes, process automation,
digitisation of the payment process and the option of paying multiple invoices, among
others. In addition, the integration of the management of domestic chargers from the
Public Charging App and the monitoring of Smart Solar installations in Portugal has
been carried out.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 286

— New products and functionalities:

In relation to the distributed generation solution for self-consumption, Smart Solar,
progress has been made in the internationalisation of the product. It has been launched
in the United Kingdom and France, and the first installations are being undertaken in
Germany. In addition, the first installations of Solar Communities stand out, where
neighbours within 500m of a Solar Community can self-consume energy as a service
without the need for installation or investment. They will be able to monitor savings
through their App. Iberdrola has created the Smart Solar Customer Support
Management Platform, which will make it easier for customers to access Next
Generation Europe funds.

When it comes to smart homes, it has launched the Smart Business Assistant, which
allows customers to optimise their consumption, such as hot and cold air conditioning
systems, the consumption monitor, and the smart thermostat and LED lighting.

Creation of Smart Clima to boost decarbonisation of homes through the electrification
of heat. In 2021, it is worth highlighting the start-up of pilot aerothermal installations
with equipment from leading manufacturers and the development of new energy
efficiency certificates in homes, with a high component of intelligence and digitalisation
that enable high quality energy diagnostics at minimum cost.

Iberdrola is also involved in R&D&l projects in the field of electric mobility and has completed
the CIRVE project, putting into service the first experiences of interoperability between the main
recharging operators in the Spanish market. Meanwhile, IBERDROLA has taken part in the
MADRID in MOTION project to tackle the challenges posed by collaborative urban charging and
streetlights. IBERDROLA is also involved in the development of prototype battery banks
designed to be exchanged for other spent batteries of electric motorbikes in different parts of
the city.

6PDUW JULGV

In 2021, i-DE Redes Eléctricas Inteligentes remained focused on various R&D+1 initiatives,
especially aimed at improving customer service, maintaining and expanding the smart grid
model and digitalisation of the grid, and moving towards greater integration of renewable
generation, electric vehicles and storage systems across the grid, both in Spain and Europe.

The year 2021 was very important in innovation for i-DE. In alliance with the Provincial Council
of Biscayne, the Global Smart Grids Innovation Hub was inaugurated. It is one of the company’s
strategic projects which, based in Bilbao and targeted at all international markets, will work on
developing the electricity grids of the future. This public-private collaboration space - with more
than 1,000 m2 - was created with the aim of accelerating innovation and R&D in smart grids,
which are the cornerstone of the energy transition.

On the European stage, work continued in the ONENET project, which was launched for the
development of new customer-centric flexibility tools with an open and flexible architecture
based on the concept of an interoperable network of platforms with coordinated operation.
Elsewhere, the COORDINET project will continue to coordinate electricity transmission
companies, distributors and consumers to provide a framework conducive to the participation of
all agents. The ATELIER project was launched with the aim of developing Positive Energy
Districts (PEDs) in eight European cities, Bilbao among them. I-DE continues to take part in the
ASSURED project to develop fast charging solutions for heavy-duty electric vehicles.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 287

— In Spain, work has continued on four projects to improve the control, monitoring,
analysis, prediction and real-time management of low voltage: i-Trafo, eLVIS, CT
Inteligente, Gestién técnica de Suministros. The FLEXENER project is also continuing
in a satisfactory manner, with the aim of investigating new technologies and simulation
models in the field of renewable generation, storage systems and flexible demand
management and distribution grid operation. In the realm of grid integration, highlights
include the second phase of the Caravaca BESS project, with the FLEXIPOWER
project being launched with the aim of integrating several battery energy storage
systems, and the DSO — DTR project to assess how much additional energy the grid
will carry.

-— Inthe United Kingdom, the DISTRIBUTED ReStart project is looking at how distributed
energy resources can be used to restore electricity supply in the event of a total or
partial disruption to the national electricity transmission system. The Ofgem-funded
HEAT-Up project will develop tests of the impact of domestic heat pump retrofits on
electricity networks. The two projects reinforce Iberdrola’s role as the UK’s leading
company in technical and commercial innovation.

-— In Brazil, innovation projects are being carried out in various technological realms:
smart grids, energy storage, micro-grids, quality charging infrastructure and grid
reliability, safety at facilities, energy recoverability and sustainability. Of particular note
is the partnership with Iberdrola Innovation Middle East in Qatar to develop new
algorithms and analysis metrics to improve quality of service and telecommunications
equipment. Particularly significant among the initiatives carried out are the project DSO
Atibaia, which contemplates the installation of a new automation system, smart meters
and a telecommunications network.

— Inthe United States, the projects being undertaken with the Yale University and MIT
are particular highlights. Studies have been carried out into the network effect on the
electricity grid, the usefulness of grid-connected customers, the speed of adoption of
new energy technologies and business models, and an analysis of the impact of
climate change on electricity distribution networks. Further highlights include our
involvement in developing a digital platform designed to accurately account for and
standardise global greenhouse gas emissions based on Artificial Intelligence,
blockchain and digital twins.

-—  Iberdrola Innovation Middle East, the Group’s technological centre in Qatar, has
undertaken several R&D+i projects with a high level of digitalisation and great retail
potential in different areas: smart grids, integration of renewable energies and energy
management.

*UHHQ K\GURJHQ

Iberdrola remains committed to the generation of green hydrogen for industrial use. Hence, it
has undertaken construction of the largest green hydrogen plant for industrial use in Europe.

The Puertollano (Ciudad Real) plant will feature a 100 MW solar photovoltaic plant, a lithium-
ion battery system with a storage capacity of 20 MWh and one of the world’s largest electrolysis
hydrogen production systems (20 MW). It will generate 1,200 tonnes of green hydrogen for use
in processes of ammonia generation. In addition, related to the decarbonisation of mobility, the
first phase of the new Barcelona hydrogen plant, which will supply hydrogen to 24 TMB buses,
has come into commercial operation.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
\
Z7TTTN\

tility

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 288

,%(5°52/$ DHQWXUHV —- 3(56(2

Iberdrola Ventures — PERSEO is IBERDROLA’s start-up programme created in 2008 with a
budget of EUR 125 million to foster the development of a dynamic start-up and entrepreneurship
ecosystem in the electricity sector. The programme focuses on new technologies and business
models that will make the energy model more sustainable through greater electrification and
decarbonisation of the economy. From its inception, more than EUR 85 million have been
invested in energy start-ups worldwide. Its base of 34 million consumers and nearly 55 GW of
installed capacity allow IBERDROLA to provide start-ups with a large “real laboratory” to nurture
their technological and commercial development.

Among the main milestones achieved in 2021, the following stand out:

Pilot projects: throughout 2021, more than 25 pilot projects have been carried out with
startups in technological areas such as loT, robotics and batteries, in areas such as
construction and maintenance of grids, hybridisation of land use (agrovoltaic), electric
mobility, energy efficiency. They aim at improving the construction and management
of assets, optimising operation and maintenance or improving the services offered to
our customers.

Challenges: in 2021 Iberdrola has launched nine challenges for the start-up community
in fields such as renewable generation, both onshore and photovoltaic generation,
electric mobility, or the construction and maintenance of electricity grids.

Investment: highlights here include the IPO (NYSE) of two of Perseo’s investee
companies, Wallbox Chargers S.L., which is dedicated to the development of electric
mobility solutions, and Stem Inc., which is dedicated to the management of distributed
energy assets (batteries). In addition, three new investments have been made through
the programme in the areas of energy efficiency, mobility and decarbonisation, thus
reaffirming lberdrola’s commitment to electric mobility, efficiency and decarbonisation
of society.

“Venture Builder’: Perseus has continued the initiative launched in 2020 to invest in
and build electrification and the circular economy - in areas such as recycling of
photovoltaic modules, blades and batteries — and in hard-to-decarbonise sectors such
as industrial heat production and heavy transport. Through this initiative, support was
provided to the Net-Zero MAR Alliance, which is focused on decarbonising the
maritime sector.

Further information on the R&D+i projects in which Iberdrola is involved can be found under the
Innovation section of the corporate website.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
RR
\s
NNW

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 289

$&48,6,7,21 $1’ ’°,6326$/ 2) 75($685<
6+$5(6

The Group’s Treasury Share Policy establishes the following:

Treasury share transactions are considered those transactions carried out by the
Company, whether directly or through any of the Group’s companies, the object of
which are Company shares, as well as financial instruments or contracts of any type,
whether or not traded in the stock market or other organised secondary markets, which
grant the right to acquire, or the underlying assets of which are, Company shares.

Treasury share transactions will always have legitimate purposes, such as, among
others, to provide investors with liquidity and sufficient depth in the trading of Company
shares, to execute treasury share purchase programmes approved by the Board of
Directors or General Shareholders’ Meeting resolutions, to fulfil legitimate
commitments undertaken in advance or any other acceptable purposes in accordance
with applicable regulations. Under no circumstances shall the purpose of the treasury
share transaction be to interfere with the free establishment of prices. In particular, any
conduct referred to in section 83 ter 1) of the Securities Market Act and Section 2 of
Royal Decree 1333/2005 of 11 November, implementing the Securities Market Law as
to matters of market abuse, must be avoided.

The Group’s treasury share transactions will not be carried out, under any
circumstances, based on inside information.

Treasury shares will be managed providing full transparency as regards relationships
with market supervisors and regulatory bodies.

Note 21 to the consolidated Financial Statements presents the transactions in IBERDROLA
treasury shares held by Group companies in the last financial years. Further information on
transactions in financial years 2021 and 2020 is provided in the following tables:

TUHDV \

I1RPLQD UDJH
TUHDVXU\ VKDUHV Jeb buy PLOOLRS PLOOLRG ULE tee TRWDO VKRUBYw po
HXURV

%DODQFH DW 8.94

Additions 286,880,467 215 2,708 9.44 —_— —_—
Capital reduction (213,592,000) (160) (1,918) 8.98 — —
Iberdrola Retribucién Flexible system 693,281 1 — — — —
Disposals 2) (13,136,001) (10) (120) 9.12 — —
%DODQFH DW 10.42

Additions 180,342,768 135 1,895 10.51 —_— —_—
Capital reduction (178,156,000) (134) (1,898) 10.65 — —
Iberdrola Retribucién Flexible system 1,514,730 1 — — — —
Disposals 2) (6,008,280) (5) (63) 10.45 — —

%DODQFH DW

“) Shares received.
®) Includes awards to employees

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
iy
\
“AWS

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 290

IRPLOPQ Cun FRY RUDI
TUHDVXU\ VKDUHV RI OFRWWLY BR SIRIZ URL OOLR PLOOLRQy py 7TRWDO vKRURV LG
Vv

HXURV URV

%DODQFH DW 8.69

Additions 210,836 —_— 2 10.39 —_ —_—
Iberdrola Retribucién Flexible system 88,194 — — — — —
Disposals ?) (397,104) — (2) 5.09 — —
%DODQFH DW

Additions 221,627 —_— 2 10.79 —_ —_—
Iberdrola Retribucién Flexible system “) 79,348 _ _ _ _ _
Disposals 2) (420,850) _— (3) 6.12 _— _—

%DODQFH DW

“ Shares received
®) Includes awards to employees

During financial years 2021 and 2020, treasury shares held by the IBERDROLA Group were
always below the legal limit.

Finally, the conditions and time periods of the current mandate given by the shareholders to the
Board of Directors to acquire or transfer treasury shares are detailed below.

At the General Meeting held on 13 April 2018, the shareholders resolved to expressly authorise
the Board of Directors, with powers of substitution, pursuant to the provisions of Section 146 of
the Spanish Companies Act, to carry out the derivative acquisition of shares of Iberdrola, S.A.
under the following conditions:

— Acquisitions may be made directly by the Company or indirectly through its subsidiaries
under the same terms and conditions as those set forth in this resolution. The
subsidiaries which carry out regulated activities pursuant to the provisions of Law
24/2013 of 26 December on the Electricity Sector and Law 34/1988 of 7 October on
the Hydrocarbon Sector are excluded from this authorisation.

— Acquisitions may be made by means of purchase and sale transactions, swaps or any
other transaction permitted by law.

— Acquisitions may be made up to the maximum threshold allowed by law at any time.

— Such acquisitions may not be made at a price higher than the market price or lower
than the par value of the shares.

— This authorisation is granted for a period of five years as from the approval of this
resolution.

— Asa result of the acquisition of shares, including those which the Company or the
person acting in their own name but on behalf of the Company has previously acquired
and held in treasury, the resulting shareholders’ equity cannot decrease below the
amount of the share capital plus the restricted reserves required under law or the by-
laws, all as provided in Section 146.1.b) of the Spanish Companies Act.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
gu
NNW

Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 291

The resolution expressly provides that the shares acquired under the aforementioned
authorisation can be transferred or retired or used for the remuneration systems provided for in
paragraph three of letter a) of Section 146.1 of the Spanish Companies Act. They may also be
used to develop programmes that encourage the acquisition of interests in the Company’s share
capital, such as dividend reinvestment plans, loyalty bonuses and other similar instruments.

- 6WRFN PDUNHW GDWD

Stock market capitalisation Millions of euros 66,271 74,296
Earnings per share continuing operations Euros 0.585 0.552
P.E.R. (share price at year end/profit per share) Times 17.795 21.196
Price / Carrying amount (capitalisation on carrying Times 1.640 2.100

amount at year end) ®)

“ 6,366,088,000 and 6,350,061,000 shares at 31 December 2021 and 2020, respectively.
®) Capitalisation at 31 December 2021 (66,271) / Equity of the parent company (40,479). Capitalisation at 31 December
2020 (74,296) / Equity of the parent company (35,412).

- 7TKH ,%(5’52/$ VKDUH

Stock market performance of IBERDROLA compared to the indexes:

25,0%
wi aii
\y W
25.0% \
-50,0%
2 ® * ®* * © # * * * * ® -
we & & é * & s & # & & &

—IBERDROLA +27,45% —Eurostonx Utilities +13,109 — Eurestonx 50-5, 14! Ibex 35 -15,45%

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
tility

AN AY Informe financiero anual 2021 | Iberdrola, S.A. y sociedades dependientes 292
Number of shares outstanding 6,366,088,000 6,350,061,000
Share price at period end 10.41 11.70
Average share price for the year 10.46 10.26
Average daily volume 13,241 383 16,539,716
Maximum volume (30/11/2021 and 12/03/2020) 56,338,346 65,237,950
Minimum volume (03/05/2021 and 24/12/2020) 3,983,299 1,247,598
Shareholder remuneration (Euros) 0.422 0.405
Gross interim dividend (08/02/2021 - 05/02/2020) “) 0.168 0.168
Gross final dividend (29/07/2021 and 04/08/2020) ? 0.254 0.232
Attendance fees _ 0.005
Shareholders’ profitability ©) 4.05% 3.46%

“) Amount paid on account of the dividend under the Iberdrola Retribucién Flexible optional dividend system.
) Final dividend under the Iberdrola Retribucién Flexible optional dividend system.
) Interim dividend, final dividend and attendance fee for the General Shareholders’ Meeting/period-end share price.

27+(5 ,1)250$7,21

IRQ ILQDQFLDO LQIRUPDWLRQ DQG GLYHUVL'

The statement of non-financial information, referred to in Section 262 of the Spanish Companies
Act and Section 49 of the Code of Commerce, is presented in a separate report called Statement
of Non-financial Information. The consolidated Sustainability Report of IBERDROLA, S.A. and
its subsidiaries for financial year 2021 expressly indicates that the information contained therein
is part of this consolidated Management Report. Said document will be verified by an
independent assurance provider and is subject to the same requirements in terms of approval,
deposit and publication as this consolidated Management Report.

www.iberdrola.com IBERDROLA
