

--- Page 1 ---

Banco de Sabadell, S.A. (hereinafter, also referred to as
Banco Sabadell, the Bank or the company), with regis-
tered office in Alicante, Avenida Oscar Espla, 37, engages
in banking business and is subject to the standards and
regulations governing banking institutions operating in
Spain. It has been subject to prudential supervision on a
consolidated basis by the European Central Bank (ECB)
since November 2014.

The Bank is the parent company of a group of institu-
tions which it controls directly or indirectly and which,
with it, comprise Banco Sabadell Group. Banco Sabadell
is made up of different financial institutions, brands, sub-
sidiaries and investees that cover all aspects of financial
business. It operates mainly in Spain, the United King-
dom and Mexico.

The Group was organised into the following business-
es in 2021:

— Banking Business Spain, which groups together the
Retail, Business and Corporate Banking business
units, where Retail and Business Banking are managed
under the same Commercial Network:

— Retail Banking: it offers financial products and ser-
vices to customers classed as natural persons. These
include investment products and medium- and long-
term finance, such as consumer loans, mortgages,
and leasing or renting services, as well as short-term
finance. Funds come mainly from customer deposits
and sight deposits, savings insurance, mutual funds,
and pension plans. The main services also include
payment methods such as cards and insurance
linked to consumer loans and mortgages.

— Business Banking: this offers financial products and
services to companies and the self-employed. These
include investment and financing products, such as
working capital products, revolving loans and medi-
um- and long-term finance. It also offers customised
structured finance and capital market solutions,
as well as specialised advice for businesses. Funds
mainly come from deposits, customer sight deposits,
and mutual funds. The main services also include
collection/payment methods such as cards and POS
terminals, as well as import and export services.

— Corporate Banking (CIB): this unit is responsible for
managing the segment of large corporations which,
because of their unique characteristics, require a
tailor-made service, supplementing the range of
transaction banking products with the services of
the specialised units, thus offering a single, all-en-
compassing solution to their needs, taking into
account the features of the economic activity sector
and the markets in which they operate. It has units
that develop custom products for large corporations
and financial institutions. The units responsible for
developing customised products are horizontal to
the entire Banco Sabadell Group and their capa-
bilities also extend to the Corporate Banking and
Institutional Banking segment. Through its interna-
tional presence in 17 countries, with representative
offices and operational branches, it offers financial

and advisory solutions to large Spanish and inter-
national corporations and financial institutions. It
has operational branches in London, Paris, Lisbon,
Casablanca and Miami.

— Banking business UK: the TSB franchise covers busi-
ness conducted in the United Kingdom, which includes
current and savings accounts, loans, credit cards and
mortgages.

— Banking business Mexico: offers the full range of bank-
ing and financial services via Corporate Banking and
Commercial Banking.

Banco Sabadell is the controlling company of a group
which, at 31 December 2021, comprised 96 companies, of
which, apart from the parent company, 73 were classified
as subsidiary institutions and 22 as associated companies
(106 at 31 December 2020, of which 85 were subsidiary
institutions and 20 were associated companies).

Mission, values and business
model

Mission and values

Banco Sabadell helps people and companies bring their
projects to life, anticipating their needs and ensuring
that they make the best economic decisions. We do

this through environmentally and socially responsible
management.

This is Banco Sabadell’s raison d’étre: to help its cus-
tomers make the best economic decisions to enable them
to carry out their projects, whether they are personal or
business projects. To this end, it offers its customers the
opportunities offered by big data, digital capabilities and
the expert knowledge of its specialists.

The bank and those who are part of it share the values
that help to achieve this mission, no matter how, where or
when.

Banco Sabadell fulfils its mission by being true to its
values:

— Commitment and Non-Conformism, values that define
the way we are.

— Professionalism and efficiency, values that define the
way we work.

— Empathy and openness, values that define the way we
relate to each other.

Mission, values and business model 15


--- Page 2 ---

Business model, main
objectives achieved and
actions implemented

The Bank’s business model is geared towards profitable
growth that generates value for shareholders. This is
achieved through a strategy of business diversification
based on profitability, efficiency, sustainability and
quality of service together with a conservative risk profile,
while maintaining high standards of ethics and profes-
sional conduct combined with sensitivity to stakeholders’
interests.

The Bank’s management model focuses on a long-term
vision of customers, through constant efforts to promote
customer loyalty and by adopting an initiative-based, pro-
active approach. The Bank offers a comprehensive range
of products and services, competent, highly qualified
personnel, an IT platform with ample capacity to support
future growth, anda relentless focus on quality.

Since the financial crisis in 2008, Spain’s banking sec-
tor has been engaged in an unprecedented concentration
process. Higher levels of capital, more stringent provision-
ing requirements, the economic recession, and the pres-
sure of capital markets are some of the factors that have
forced Spanish banks to merge and thus increase in scale,
maximise efficiency, and shore up their balance sheets.

During the last eleven years, Banco Sabadell has ex-
panded its geographic footprint and increased its market
share in Spain through acquisitions, most notably that of
Banco CAM in 2012. Banco Sabadell was able to engage
in additional M&A operations in 2013 in appropriate
economic conditions within the framework of the finan-
cial reorganisation of the banking industry, such as the
acquisition of Caixa d’Estalvis del Penedés, Banco Gallego
and Lloyds Espafia.

Thanks to these acquisitions and the organic growth
seen in recent years, Banco Sabadell has been able to
reinforce its position in some of Spain’s most prosperous
regions (e.g., Catalonia, Valencia and the Balearic Islands)
and to increase market share in other key areas. Accord-
ing to the most recent information, Banco Sabadell has a
market share of 8% in loans and 7% in deposits at nation-
al level. Banco Sabadell also has a strong position in other
products: 9% in commercial credit, 10% in lending to
companies, 6% in mutual funds, 4% in securities trading,
and 16% in POS turnover.

Banco Sabadell also maintains its quality differential
with respect to the rest of the industry and ranks asa
leader among its peers in terms of customer experience
(Net Promoter Score) in the areas of SMEs and Corporate
Banking.

Banco Sabadell has always been a trailblazer on the
international front. In 2021 this has continued to be the
case and Sabadell has continued to be present in strategic
locations and to accompany companies in their interna-
tional activity. Banco Sabadell has expanded its inter-
national presence in recent years, including as notable

milestones the acquisition of UK bank TSB in 2015, and
the incorporation of a bank in Mexico in 2016.

The Group has become one of the largest banks in
Spain’s financial system. It has a geographically diverse
business (70% in Spain, 28% in the UK, and 2% in Mex-
ico) and its customer base is now six times larger than it
was in 2008, and it has achieved all of this while safe-
guarding its solvency and liquidity.

After a 2020 heavily impacted by the COVID-19 crisis,
2021 has been ayear of recovery, especially in developed
countries. This recovery has been supported by the pos-
itive effects of the increased control of the pandemic, the
reopening of economies and the high fiscal stimulus intro-
duced. The latest contagion waves had a limited impact on
demand. In contrast, zero-COVID policies in Asia - main-
lyin China - partially paralysed production and transport
processes, which affected international production chains.

Meanwhile, the increase in inflation has been one of
the most striking surprises of the year. The high levels of
inflation eventually led to a shift in monetary policy, first
in emerging and then in developed countries.

In this context, in year-on-year terms, Banco Sabadell
significantly increased its net income, and found support
both in TSB and in Spain. Of note was the year-on-year
improvement in banking commission (Margin + Fees),
the reduction in risk cost, the good commercial dynam-
ics, and the materialisation of the first cost savings from
phase 1 of the efficiency plan launched in 2020.

In addition, Banco Sabadell has launched phase 2 of
the efficiency plan in 2021. This second phase will be im-
plemented before the first quarter of 2022 and will enable
the bank to achieve expected annual savings of 130 million
euros. The costs associated with this restructuring phase
amounted to 331 million euros were recorded in the third
quarter of 2021, and following the strategy implemented
in 2020, were financed by sales of the ALCO portfolio.

Also noteworthy in 2021 was the closing of the sale of
the institutional depositary business (with a net profit of
59 million euros), the sale to MoraBanc of Banco Sa-
badell’s entire stake in BancSabadell d’Andorra (51.61%),
with a net profit of 2 million euros, and the closing of the
sale of Bansabadell Renting, with net profit of 42 million
euros.

Banco Sabadell does business in an ethical and
responsible way and shows its commitment to society by
ensuring that its actions have a positive impact on people
and the environment. Each and every person in the
organisation has a part to play in observing and applying
the principles and policies that underlie corporate social
responsibility, as well as in assuring quality and transpar-
ency in customer service.

In the area of compliance, in addition to observing the
applicable regulations, Banco Sabadell has put in place a
set of policies, procedures, and codes of conduct to pro-
vide a guarantee of ethical and responsible conduct at all
levels of the organisation and in all Group operations.

16 Banco Sabadell Group


--- Page 3 ---

2021-2023 Strategic Plan

The Group’s strategic priorities include
an increased focus on core businesses in
Spain and a significant improvement in the
profitability of international businesses.

The Strategic Plan 2023 was presented on 28 May 2021.
This plan defines the Group’s strategic priorities, which
include (i) an increased focus on core businesses in Spain,
with different levers of action for each business that will
strengthen the Bank’s competitive position in the do-
mestic market, and (ii) a significant improvement in the
profitability of international businesses, both in the UK
and in the rest of the countries. The cost base will also be
reduced during the plan to bring it in line with competi-
tive realities. These changes will be implemented based
ona more efficient allocation of capital, fostering the
group's growth in those geographies and businesses that
offer a higher capital-adjusted profitability.

In this way, the Strategic Plan sets out a specific strate-
gic approach for each business:

In Retail Banking, the approach is to undertake a ma-
jor transformation, which will entail a profound change
in the offer and the customer relationship model.

On the supply side, transactional servicing will be
made available to customers in a simple and agile way
through digital channels. As for the commercial offer
of products and services, there will be a fundamentally
digital and remote offer for those products in which the
customer wants autonomy, immediacy, and convenience,
such as consumer loans, accounts and cards. On the other
hand, for more complex products such as mortgages, in-
surance and savings/investment products, where custom-
ers require support, specialised product managers will be
available and multi-channel support will be offered.

The objective in Retail Banking is to better respond to
customers’ needs and, at the same time, reduce the cost
base of the business.

In Business Banking, the bank’s notable franchise in
this segment will be strengthened and specific levers have
been established for profitable growth: launch of sectoral
solutions for businesses, support for customers in their
internationalisation process, expansion of specialised
solutions for SMEs, and a comprehensive support plan for
Next Generation EU funds. This will be reinforced by an
optimal risk management framework, complementing
the vision of risk and business experts with new business
intelligence and data analytics tools.

The objective in Business Banking is to drive growth
while preserving risk quality and boosting profitability.

The approach in Corporate Banking Spain is to devel-
op plans to improve customer-to-customer profitability
and increase the contribution of the specialised product

units to income generation.
The objective in this business is to obtain an adequate
profitability for each customer and to satisfy their needs.
TSB is going to focus on what it does best and what the
market recognises: the retail mortgage market. TSB has
an excellent platform, with a high operational capacity
to manage mortgages and a well-established network of
financial intermediaries, a key aspect in the UK market
where a large proportion of new mortgages are granted
through this channel.

2021-2023 Strategic Plan 17


--- Page 4 ---

TSB’s objective is to increase its
contribution to the group’s profitability by focusing
on the retail mortgage business.

In the Group’s other international businesses, the priority
is to actively manage the capital that the Group allo-
cates to these businesses. In addition, there are specific
priorities in each geographic area: in Mexico, the focus

is on rigorous cost management; in Miami, the Private
Banking business will be strengthened, and in the rest of
the offices abroad, priority will be given to accompanying
Spanish customers in their international activity.

In just a few months after the launch of the plan, con-
crete progress has already materialised. For example, in
Spain, the first phase of the roll-out of specialist mortgage
and savings-investment managers has been completed,
the 100% digital application for new cards have been
launched and, in consumer affairs, the product offer has
been expanded, with the capacity to offer a loan that is
more adjusted to the risk profile and which allows price
segmentation. Moreover, new vertical offers for specific
sectors, a specific accompanying offer for Next Gener-
ation EU funds, and new digital services for businesses
have been launched.

In terms of cost reduction, the second phase of the ex-
pected efficiency plan was implemented in the last quar-
ter of the year, and a workforce adjustment was agreed
with the unions with the 100% support of the negotiating
table. This agreement, together with other cost-cutting
measures implemented, will result in savings of 130 mil-
lion euros per year, on top of the 140 million euros annual
savings from the first phase of the efficiency plan, imple-
mented in the first quarter of 2021. The combination of
the two phases involves reducing the workforce by more
than 20% and closing around 25% of the branches.

In line with the strategic objectives, TSB significantly
increased its contribution to the Group during the year,
with significant growth in new mortgages, while delever-
aging was recorded in the other international businesses.

By 2023, the main financial targets of the Strate-
gic Plan are the following: a return on tangible equity
(ROTE) above 6% in 2023, although this target is ex-
pected to be reached already in 2022, and to maintain a
CET1 fully-loaded capital ratio above 12% throughout the
Plan. Beyond 2023, the transformation undertaken will
continue to deliver results and profitability will continue
to improve.

On the other hand, the macroeconomic assumptions
on which the financial projections of the plan are based
have been constructed from a conservative point of view
and in a context of pandemic control, accompanied by fis-
cal and monetary measures by governments and central
banks, respectively.

As regards the growth of the system's lending, over the
time horizon of the next three years, in Spain and the Unit-
ed Kingdom, positive cumulative growth is expected in

all segments. In this regard, Banco Sabadell aims to grow
above the market in the mortgage segment, both in Spain
and in the UK, while in consumer loan, the performance
differs geographically for strategic reasons: higher growth
than other banks in Spain and lower appetite in the UK,
which reflects a lower commercial priority in this specific
segment. As regards the corporate segment, the strategic
focus is to continue to grow in Spain, while in internation-
al exposures, the size of the loan book will decrease due to
amore efficient allocation of capital by the bank.

Furthermore, with reference to the evolution of the
different lines of the income statement, recurrent income
is expected to increase throughout the plan: low single
digit net interest income and mid-single digit net fee and
commission income. In both cases, it will be driven by
increased commercial dynamism of Banco Sabadell both
in Spain and in the UK franchise, TSB. On the cost side,
thanks to the efficiency plans being implemented in the
Spanish and UK businesses, the group-wide cost base is
expected to be reduced to 2.9 billion euro by 2023. And
finally, the cost of credit risk is expected to trend down-
wards during the plan, supported by better risk manage-
ment and a favourable macroeconomic situation.

In conclusion, the Strategic Plan was designed on the
basis of immediate delivery as early as 2021. In this re-
spect, all the objectives set at the end of the year were met:
i) net interest income grew by +0.8% in the year, ii) com-
mission income increased by +8.7%, iii) a cost of credit
risk of 49 basis points which is in the range of the 2019-20
cost of credit risk and iv) finally, capital at 12.22% with an
MDA buffer of 398 bp.

18 Banco Sabadell Group


--- Page 5 ---

Banco Sabadell share
performance and
shareholders

The share capital of Banco Sabadell amounts to
'703,370,587.63 euros, represented by 5,626,964,701

shares of a single class with a par value of 0.125 euros. The
number of shares in the bank has remained unchanged
for more than 4 years as the group has no remuneration
policies that could have a dilutive effect on the current
share capital and rights to convert preference shares
issued as contingently convertible into newly issued ordi-
nary shares of the bank (AT) have not been exercised.

The good performance of the recurring margin
and the expected decline in the cost of risk enabled
Banco Sabadell to bring forward the profitability
target on tangible capital to above 6% by 2022,
while maintaining a level of capital above 12%.

The 2021 financial year has continued to be marked by the
evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic. In the first half of
the year, the tone in financial markets was more positive
thanks to the prospect of progress in vaccination against
the coronavirus, although, at the same time, governments
continued to impose various measures to contain its
spread and extended the duration of the various financial
aids to the real economy announced in the previous year.
As aresult of this improved outlook for the pandemic,
macroeconomic indicators performed favourably, pointing
to an imminent strong recovery of the global economy,
leaving behind the economic and financial instability and

uncertainty that the pandemic had generated during 2020.

However, as the year progressed, fears of an increase in
inflation expectations were heightened, supported by ris-
ing energy and commodity prices. In addition, heightened
uncertainty over supply chain disruptions was beginning
to erode consumer confidence indicators and, as a result,
cast doubt on the rapid economic recovery that macroeco-
nomic indicators had been pointing to months earlier.

As a result of these higher inflation expectations, the
banking sector benefited in the stock market from a more
plausible interest rate hike scenario and the beginning of
the reduction of the various asset purchase programmes.

Banco Sabadell’s share performance outperformed the

rest of the Spanish banks with a revaluation of +67% in
the year, +39% above the comparables, making it the best
IBEX-35 stock in 2021 among the companies that made
up the index since the beginning of the year. The systemic
factors mentioned above have had a significant influence
on the evolution of the share. Banco Sabadell’s idiosyn-
cratic factors include the launch of a new Strategic Plan, a
new management team, better than expected results per
annum, and a higher contribution of the UK franchise,
TSB, to the Group’s results. This has been well received by
financial analysts and the market in general.

At the end of 2021, 77% of equity analysts covering
Banco Sabadell’s shares had a Buy or Hold reeommenda-
tion on the shares.

During 2021, institutional shareholders owned 48% of
the stock, while retail shareholders owned 52%. Within
the Bank’s shareholding structure, at year-end 2021,
three investor groups reported a holding of more than 3%
according to figures reported to the CNMV. The aggre-
gate holding of those three shareholders represents 9.94%
of the total share capital; the remaining holdings are
free-float capital. The members of the Board of Directors,
one of whom is the indirect holder of the voting of one of
the investors mentioned earlier, hold 3.67% of the bank’s
share capital.

Banco Sabadell’s market capitalisation stood at 3,306
million euros at year-end, with a price-to-book value ratio
(P/BV) of 0.25.

Banco Sabadell share performance and shareholders 19


--- Page 6 ---

Banco Sabadell’s share performance
outperformed the rest of the Spanish banks
with a revaluation of +67% in the year,
making it the best IBEX-35 stock in 2021.

210 Comparative SAB share price
100 performance

ry
rn [ ‘ 4 Source: Bloomberg.
* aia
470 | : be ae au Yl a
to ] i if y

140
AA pans .
Ww
ss @ Sabadell

we ~F i

ay ON NN Ww @ EURO STOXX 50

STOXX Europe 600 Banks
IBEX 35

90

31/12/20 31/03/21 30/06/21 30/09/21 31/12/21

Note: Share price adjusted for the effect of dividends and capital increases

»9o

Distribution of shareholders Distribution of shareholders
31.12.2021 (in %) 31.12.2020 (in %)
1. Retail shareholders 51.6 1 Retail shareholders 56.7
2 Institutional investors 48.4 2 Institutional investors 43.3
Analysis of shareholdings

No. of shares Shareholders Shares in tranche % of capital at 31 December 2021
From 1 to 12,000 179,459 573,130,438 10.19
From 12,001 to 120,000 45,899 1,427,423,280 25.37
From 120,001 to 240,000 1,866 307,959,112 5.47
From 240,001 to 1,200,000 1,039 469,333,426 8.34
From 1,200,001 to 139 433,432,171 7.70

15,000,000
More than 15,000,000 30 2,415,686,274 42.93

TOTAL 228,432 5,626,964,701 100.00

20 Banco Sabadell Group


--- Page 7 ---

Analysis of shareholdings

No. of shares Shareholders Shares in tranche % of capital 31 December 2020
From 1 to 12,000 190,901 611,045,364 10.86
From 12,001 to 120,000 49,841 1,554,814,439 27.63
From 120,001 to 240,000 2,085 341,433,296 6.07
From 240,001 to 1,200,000 1,198 526,131,754 9.35
From 1,200,001 to 167 477,402,590 8.48
15,000,000
More than 15,000,000 33 2,116,137,258 37.61
TOTAL 244,225 5,626,964,701 100
Million Million euro Euros Million euro Euros
- : Benefit and book value
Average Profit Profit  Ownfunds — Book value er share 2018-2021
number attributable —_ attributable per share
of shares tothe group _to the Group,
per share
2018 5,565 328 0.050 12,545 2.25
2019 5,538 768 0.125 13,172 2.38
2020 5,582 2 = 12,944 2.32
2021 5,586 530 0.080 13,357 2.39

Share performance

Below are anumber of indicators of the Bank's share
performance:

Share performance

2021 2020 Year-on-year
change (%)
Shareholders and trading
Number of shareholders 228,432 244,225 (6.5)
‘Average number of shares (million) 5,586 5,582 0.4
Average daily trading (million shares) 33 59 (44.2)
Share price (euro)
Initial 0.354 1.040 =
High 0.743 1.080 =
Low 0.343 0.250 =
Closing 0.592 0.354 =
Market capitalisation (million euro) 3,306 1,976 =
Market ratios
Earnings per share (EPS) (euro) 0.08 (0.04) =
Book value per share (euro) 2.39 2.32 =
Price/Book value 0.25 0.15 =
Price/earnings ratio (P/E) 7.69 (27.75) =
D IVI de n d po | | cy On 21 July 2021, the European Central Bank issued a
note informing that the period of recommendation not to
The Bank’s shareholder remuneration policy conforms pay or enter into irrevocable commitments to pay divi-
to the provisions of the Articles of Association and is dends would end on 30 September 2021. Afterwards, the
submitted for approval each year by the General Meeting Board of Directors, during its meeting that took place
of Shareholders. on 26 January 2022, proposed to the General Meeting of
On 8 April 2020, in line with the European Central Shareholders the approval of the distribution of a gross
Bank’s recommendation to banks not to pay or make dividend of 0.03 euros per share charged to the income

irrevocable undertakings to pay dividends out of 2019 and __ statement of 2021.
2020 earnings, the Bank’s Board of Directors resolved

not to pay a dividend in 2020 as a prudent response to the

crisis created by COVID-19.

Banco Sabadell share performance and shareholders 21


--- Page 8 ---

It is proposed to distribute a gross
dividend of 0.03 euro per share.

Credit rating

In 2021, the four agencies that assessed Banco Sabadell’s
credit quality were S&P Global Ratings, Moody’s Inves-
tors Service, Fitch Ratings and DBRS Ratings GmbH.

On 20 May 2021, DBRS Ratings GmbH affirmed the
short and long-term credit rating of Banco Sabadell at A
(low) and R-1 (low) with a negative outlook, in light of the
economic situation brought about by COVID-19. On 30
September 2021, DBRS published its full credit rating (A
(low) and R-1(low)) with a negative outlook.

On 24 June 2021, S&P Global Ratings revised Ban-
co Sabadell’s long-term rating, placing it at BBB-, with
astable outlook, from BBB, to reflect the challenges of
profitability, efficiency, and digitalisation facing the new
management team. The short-term rating was changed
from A-2 to A-3. In November, S&P again revised Banco
Sabadell’s rating. On 29 November, it published a new
report with an improved sentiment on Banco Sabadell but
retaining the rating, outlook, and challenges published in
the first half of the year.

On 22 September 2021, Fitch Ratings affirmed
Banco Sabadell’s long-term rating at ’BBB-’, with a stable

outlook, reflecting the Group’s sound capitalisation and
diversification, and its challenges in terms of profitability
and constraining the cost of risk. The short-term rating
remained at’F3’.

On 15 July 2021 and in connection with a change to its
methodology for credit rating for banks, Moody’s Inves-
tors Service affirmed Banco Sabadell’s long-term deposit
and long-term senior debt ratings at Baa2 and Baa3, re-
spectively, with a stable outlook, and upgraded the rating
on long-term junior issues from Ba3 to Ba2. The agency
reiterated the improvement in asset quality due to the
significant reduction in NPAs and the bank’s comfortable
liquidity position.

During 2021, Banco Sabadell has maintained con-
tinuous interaction with the four agencies. In the virtual
meetings with the agencies’ analysts, issues such as the
2021-2023 strategic plan, TSB’s evolution, results, capital,
liquidity, risks and credit quality, and management of
NPAs were discussed.

The table below details the current ratings and the last
date on which any publication reiterating this rating was
made.

Credit rating. Ratings and

Agency Longterm Short-term Outlook Last updated date of last update
DBRS A (low) RA (low) Negative 30/09/2021
S&P Global Rating BBB- A3 Stable 29/11/2021
Moody’s Investors Baa3 P2 Stable 15/07/2021
Service
Fitch Ratings BBB- F3 Stable 22/09/2021

Corporate Governance

Banco Sabadell has a sound corporate governance struc-
ture that guarantees effective, prudent management. The
Internal Governance Framework, which sets out, among
other aspects, the shareholder structure, the govern-

ing bodies, the Group’s structure, the composition and
operation of Corporate Governance, the internal control
functions, key governance matters, the risk management
framework, and the Group’s policies, is published on the
corporate website www.grupobancosabadell.com (See the
"Corporate Governance and Remuneration Policy - Inter-
nal Governance Framework" section).

In accordance with the provisions of article 540 of the
Capital Companies Law, Banco Sabadell Group has
drawn up the Annual Corporate Governance Report for
2021, which, in accordance with article 49 of the Com-
mercial Code, is a part of this Directors’ Report of the
2021 consolidated Annual Accounts and is attached as a
separate document; it contains a section setting out the

degree to which the Bank adheres to the reeommenda-
tions on corporate governance in Spain.

Following the 2020 financial year, Banco Sabadell
has once again opted to prepare the Annual Corporate
Governance Report in free PDF format in order to explain
and publicise, with maximum transparency, the main as-
pects contained therein and, in particular, the substantial
changes made during the 2021 financial year to improve
and strengthen corporate governance, in line with best
practices.

General Meeting of
Shareholders 2021

The Bank’s main governing body is the General Meeting
of Shareholders, in which the shareholders decide on mat-
ters attributed to the Meeting by law, the Articles of Asso-
ciation (available on the corporate website under "Corpo-
rate Governance and Remuneration Policy - Articles of

22 Banco Sabadell Group


--- Page 9 ---

Association”) and its own Regulation, and those business

decisions that the Board of Directors considers to be of

vital importance for the bank’s future and for the social
interests.

The General Meeting of Shareholders has adopted its
own Regulation, which sets out the principles and basic
rules of action (available on the corporate website under
“Shareholders’ General Meeting - General Meetings
Regulations”) and safeguards shareholder rights and
transparency.

In the General Meeting of Shareholders, shareholders
may cast one vote for every thousand shares they own or
represent. The Policy on communication and contacts
with shareholders, institutional investors, and proxy
advisors approved by the Board of Directors, in conform-
ity with the June 2020 revision of the Good Governance
Code of Listed Companies, aims to promote transparency
vis-a-vis the markets and build trust while safeguard-
ing, at all times, the legitimate interests of institutional
investors, shareholders and proxy advisors, and of Banco
Sabadell’s other stakeholders.

The Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held
on 26 March 2021, at second call, approved all the items
on the agenda, including the annual accounts and cor-
porate management for the financial year 2020 and, as
regards appointments, the ratification and appointment
of Mr César Gonzalez-Bueno Mayer as Executive Director
and Ms Alicia Reyes Revuelta as Independent Director,
as well as the re-election as members of the Board of Di-
rectors of Mr Anthony Frank Elliott Ball and Mr Manuel
Valls Moraté as Independent Directors.

In addition, the Board of Directors submitted to the
General Meeting of Shareholders a proposal to amend
certain provisions of the Articles of Association, which
was approved on 26 March 2021, and which essentially
entailed the following:

— Chairman with non-executive status, in line with the
leading international banks and Corporate Govern-
ance best practice.

— A Strategy and Sustainability Committee increasing
the focus point on strategic elements, sustainability,
and commitment to ESG (Environmental, Social &
Governance) aspects.

— The Delegated Committee has been abolished and the
Credit Delegated Committee has been set up to moni-
tor and oversee credit risks on a weekly basis.

— The Appointments Committee has taken on all cor-
porate governance functions and is now called the
Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee,
also focusing on ESG engagement.

— The powers of the Audit and Control Committee have
been updated and revised.

— The possibility of holding the General Meeting of
Shareholders telematically has been introduced, in line
with the main Spanish listed companies.

Information regarding the General Meeting of Share-
holders 2021 is published on the corporate website
www.grupobancosabadell.com (see the website section

"Shareholders and Investors-Shareholders’ General
Meeting").

Composition of the Board of
Directors

With the exception of matters reserved for the General
Meeting of Shareholders, the Board of Directors is the
highest decision-making body in the company and its
consolidated group, as it is responsible, under the law
and the Articles of Association, for the management and
representation of the bank. The Board of Directors acts
mainly as an instrument of supervision and control, and
it delegates the management of ordinary business matters
to the Chief Executive Officer.

The Board of Directors is subject to well-defined,
transparent rules of governance, particularly the Articles
of Association and the Regulation of the Board of Direc-
tors (available on the corporate website under “Corporate
Governance and Remuneration Policy-Regulations of the
Board”), and it conforms to best practices in the area of
corporate governance.

At the Board of Directors meeting held on 18 March
2021, Mr César Gonzélez-Bueno Mayer accepted the
position of Chief Executive Officer, once the correspond-
ing regulatory authorisations had been received, and his
appointment as Chief Executive Officer was ratified by the
Board of Directors following his ratification and appoint-
ment as Director by the General Meeting of Shareholders
on 26 March 2021.

Within the framework of the new corporate govern-
ance scheme reflected in the amendment to the Articles of
Association approved by the General Meeting of Share-
holders, the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on 26
March 2021, following the General Meeting of Share-
holders, acknowledged the status of the Chairman, Josep
Oliu Creus, as "Other External" Director, in accordance
with the Capital Companies Act, as well as the status of
the Director Maria José Garcia Beato as "Other External"
Director, in accordance with the Capital Companies Act,
with effect as of 31 March 2021. The Board of Directors
also appointed Gonzalo Barettino Colomaas Deputy
Secretary of the Board of Directors.

The Board of Directors, at its meeting of 28 July 2021,
appointed Mr Luis Deulofeu Fuguet as Independent Di-
rector to replace Mr Javier Echenique Landiribar. In the
same meeting, the Board agreed to appoint Mr Pedro Fon-
tana Garcia as Deputy Chairman of the Board, replacing
Mr Javier Echenique Landiribar. Following receipt of the
corresponding regulatory authorisations, Mr Luis Deulo-
feu Fuguet accepted the position on 26 October 2021.

The Board of Directors consisted, as of 31 December
2021, of fifteen members: its non-executive Chairman,
ten Independent Directors, two Executive Directors, one
Other External Director and one Proprietary Director.
The composition of the Board of Directors has an appro-
priate balance between the various categories of Director.

The composition of the Board of Directors is diverse

Corporate Governance 23


--- Page 10 ---

and efficient. It is of the appropriate size to perform its
functions effectively by drawing on a depth and diversity
of opinions, enabling it to operate with a level of quality
and efficacy as well as in a participatory way. It features
suitable diversity in terms of competency, professional
background, origin and gender, as its members have
extensive experience in banking, finance, digital trans-
formation and IT, insurance, risk management and audit,
in regulatory, legal and academic matters, as well as in
human resources, consulting, and in the business and
international arena. The Board’s Matrix of Competencies
can be consulted on the website under “Internal Govern-
ance Framework of Banco Sabadell” (See the corporate
website “Corporate governance and Remuneration Policy
- Internal Governance Framework” section).

Since 2019, Banco Sabadell has had a competency and
diversity matrix in place, which is revised annually by the
Board of Directors. The latest review was carried out on
18 November 2021, in view of the changes that took place
within the Board of Directors. The Board has increased
its diversity, in relation to the category of Directors and
the knowledge, skills, and experience, which have been
strengthened in the following areas: retail banking and
digital transformation.

The Director Candidate Selection Policy, which was
approved by the Board of Directors in 2016 and whose
last update was performed in the Board meeting on 30
September 2021, establishes the procedure for selecting
candidates and it seeks to ensure an appropriate balance
in the composition of the Board of Directors, facilitate
the selection of women Directors and, generally, guar-
antee that it is free of inherent bias that might entail
discrimination.

At year-end 2021, there were four female Directors:
three female Independent Directors (out of a total of ten
Independent Directors) and one female Other External
Director.

The CEO, Mr César Gonzalez-Bueno, brings to-
gether the knowledge, skills, and experience set out in
the succession plan for the Chairman and CEO. He has
an excellent commercial and professional reputation,
possesses the appropriate knowledge and experience to
discharge his duties and is in a position to exercise good
governance of the Bank. Having analysed his experience
with regard to the Banco Sabadell Matrix of Competen-
cies, his appointment was found to increase the diversity
of the Board of Directors. He is the right person for the
job, and he is eminently qualified to hold the positions to
which he has been appointed and to lead the Bank into
the future, since he represents values and experience that
fit the direction and strategy of Banco Sabadell.

The Board of Directors has a Lead Independent Direc-

tor, who is empowered, under the Articles of Association,
to give notice of meetings of the Board of Directors, add
items to the meeting agenda, coordinate and meet with
the non-executive Directors, reflect the opinion of the
External Directors, and direct the regular assessment

of the Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Lead
Independent Director also coordinates the Succession

Composition of the
Board of Directors at 31
December 2021

Chairman
Josep Oliu Creus

Deputy Chairman
Pedro Fontana Garcia

CEO
César Gonzalez-Bueno Mayer

Lead Independent Director
Anthony Frank Elliott Ball

Female director
Aurora Cata Sala
Maria José Garcia Beato
Mireya Giné Torrens
Alicia Reyes Revuelta

Director
Luis Deulofeu Fuguet
George Donald Johnston II
David Martinez Guzman
José Manuel Martinez Martinez
José Ramén Martinez Sufrategui
Manuel Valls Moraté

Director-General Manager
David Vegara Figueras

Non-Director Secretary
Miquel Rocai Junyent

Non-Director Deputy Secretary
Gonzalo Barettino Coloma

24 Banco Sabadell Group


--- Page 11 ---

Plan for the Chairman and CEO that was adopted in 2016
and updated in 2022 and, in practice, chairs any meetings
with investors or proxy advisors.

For a better and more diligent performance of its
general supervision function, the Board of Directors is
obliged to directly exercise the following responsibilities
stipulated by Law, amongst others:

— those that derive from good corporate governance rules
which are generally applied;

— approval of the general strategy of the company;

— appointing and, as necessary, removing directors of the
company’s subsidiaries;

— identifying the company’s main risks, and imple-
menting and monitoring suitable internal control and
reporting systems;

— setting policy on the reporting and disclosure of infor-
mation to shareholders, the markets and the general
public;

— establishing the policy on treasury stock, which the
General Meeting of Shareholders determines, where
appropriate;

— approving the Annual Corporate Governance Report.

— authorising the company’s operations with the Direc-
tors and relevant shareholders which might present
conflict of interests; and.

— generally deciding on business or financial transactions
that are of particular importance for the company.

Commitees Board of Director

Following the amendment of the Articles of Association,
a Strategy and Sustainability Committee and a Credit
Delegated Committee were set up, and the competen-
cies of the Audit and Control Committee were updated,
while the Appointments Committee was given additional
competencies in the area of Corporate Governance and is
now called the Appointments and Corporate Governance
Committee.

In addition to the constitution of the new Board
Committees, on 26 March 2021, the Board of Directors
appointed Ms Mireya Giné Torrens as Chairman of the
Audit and Control Committee and as a Member of the
Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee,
appointed Ms Alicia Reyes Revuelta as a Member of the
Risk Committee, and appointed Mr Gonzalo Barettino
Coloma, General Secretary and Deputy Secretary of the
Board, as Non-Director Secretary of the Credit Delegated
Committee, the Remuneration Committee, and the Risk
Committee.

On 28 July 2021, the Board of Directors appointed Mr.
Pedro Fontana Garcia as Chairman of the Credit Delegat-
ed Committee, and Mr. Luis Deulofeu Fuguet as Member
of the Credit Delegated Committee and of the Strategy
and Sustainability Committee, positions he accepted on
26 October.

In accordance with the Articles of Association,
the Board of Directors has established the following
committees:

— Strategy and Sustainability Committee.

— Credit Delegated Committee.

— Audit and Control Committee.

— Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee.
— Remuneration Committee.

— Risk Committee.

The organisation and structure of the Board Committees
are set out in the Articles of Association and in their re-
spective Regulations, which establish their rules of com-
position, functioning, and responsibilities (see the section
of the corporate website "Corporate Governance and
Remuneration Policy-Regulations of the Committees"),
and develop and complete the rules of operation and basic
functions set out in the Articles of Association and in the
Regulation of the Board of Directors.

The Committees have sufficient resources to perform
their functions, can draw on external advice, and are
entitled to obtain information about any aspect of the in-
stitution, with unrestricted access to senior management
and Group executives, and to any type of information or
documentation at the Bank’s disposal in connection with
the matters within their competency.

Corporate Governance 25


--- Page 12 ---

Composition of the committees

Position Strategy and Delegated Audit Appointments & Cor- —_ Remuneration Risk
Sustainability Credit and Control_ porate Governance

Chairman Josep Oliu Creus Pedro Fontana Mireya Giné José Manuel Martinez Aurora Caté Sala George Donald
Garcia Torrens Martinez Johnston Ill
Member Luis Deulofeu Luis Deulofeu Pedro Fontana Anthony Frank Anthony Frank Aurora Cata
Fuguet Fuguet Garcia Elliott Ball Elliott Ball Sala
Member Pedro Fontana Garcia Maria José Garcia José Ramon Aurora Caté Sala —_ George Donald Alicia Reyes
Beato Martinez Johnston Ill Revuelta

Sufrategui
Member Maria José Garcia César Gonzdlez- Manuel Valls Mireya Giné Torrens José Ramon Manuel Valls
Beato Bueno Mayer Moraté Martinez Moraté

Sufrategui
Member César Gonzalez- Alicia Reyes =
Bueno Mayer (*) Revuelta
Member José Manuel Martinez — = — = =
Martinez

Non-member Miquel Rocai Gonzalo Barettino Miquel Roca i Miquel Rocai Gonzalo Barettino Gonzalo Barettino
secretary Junyent Coloma Junyent Junyent Coloma Coloma

Number of meetings
in 2021

(*) Member for strategy matters only.

The Delegated Committee held 18 meetings in 2021 before it was disbanded.

Strategy and Sustainability
Committee

The Strategy and Sustainability Committee, comprising
five Directors, two Other External, and three Independ-
ent Directors, and is chaired by the Chairman of the
Board of Directors. In matters of strategy, the Chief Ex-
ecutive Officer shall participate in the meetings with the
right to speak and vote, and, for this purpose, the Board
shall be composed of six members.

In the area of strategy, the Committee’s main re-
sponsibilities are to evaluate and propose to the Board
of Directors strategies for growth, development, diversi-
fication or transformation of the company’s business; to
inform and advise the Board of Directors on the compa-
ny’s long-term strategy; identifying new opportunities for
value creation and submitting to the Board of Directors
corporate strategy proposals in relation to new invest-
ment or divestment opportunities, financial operations
with a material accounting impact and relevant techno-
logical transformations; studying and proposing recom-
mendations or improvements to the strategic plans and
their updates which, from time to time, are submitted to
the Board of Directors; and issuing and submitting to the
Board of Directors, on an annual basis, a report contain-
ing the proposals, evaluations, studies and work carried
out during the financial year.

In the area of sustainability, the Committee has the
following competencies: review the bank’s sustainability
and environmental policies; inform the Board of Directors
of possible modifications and periodic updates of the sus-
tainability strategy; review the definition and modification
of diversity and integration, human rights, equal oppor-
tunity and reconciliation policies, and periodically assess
their degree of fulfilment; review the bank's social action

26

12 16 12 14

strategy and its sponsorship and patronage plans; review
and report on the bank’s Non-Financial Disclosures Report
prior to its review and report by the Audit and Compliance
Committee and its subsequent formulation by the Board of
Directors; and receive information relating to reports, let-
ters, or communications from external supervisory bodies
within the scope of this Committee's competencies.

Credit Delegated Committee

The Credit Delegated Committee is made up of five
Directors - one Executive, one Other External and three
Independent - whose main functions are to analyse and,
where appropriate, resolve credit operations in accord-
ance with the assumptions and limits established by ex-
press delegation of the Board of Directors, and to prepare
reports on those matters within its sphere of action that
are required by the Board of Directors. It shall also have
all those functions assigned to it by law, the Articles of
Association, and the Regulation of the Board of Directors.

Audit and Control Committee

The Audit and Control Committee comprises four In-
dependent Directors and the Chairwoman is an expert
in auditing. It meets at least once per quarter. Its main
function is to oversee the efficacy of the Bank's internal
control, internal audit, and risk management systems;
supervise the process of drafting and presenting regulat-
ed financial disclosures; advise on the Bank’s annual and
mid-year accounts, liaise with the external auditor, and
ensure that suitable measures are taken to address any
conduct or methods that might be inappropriate. It also
ensures that the measures, policies and strategies defined
by the Board of Directors are duly implemented.

Banco Sabadell Group


--- Page 13 ---

Appointments and Corporate
Governance Committee

The Appointments and Corporate Governance Commit-
tee, of which four Independent Directors are members,
has as its main responsibilities to ensure compliance with
the qualitative composition of the Board of Directors, as-
sessing the suitability, skills and experience required of the
members of the Board of Directors; submitting proposals
as to the appointment of Independent Directors and re-
porting on proposals as to the appointment of the remain-
ing Directors; to report on proposals as to the appoint-
ment and removal of senior executives and the Identified
Staff; to report on the basic conditions of the contracts of
Executive Directors and senior executives; and to examine
and organise the succession of the Chairman of the Board
and the chief executive of the Bank and, if appropriate,
make proposals to the Board to ensure that such succes-
sion takes place in an orderly and planned manner. It also
has to establish a target for representation of the gender
that is less represented on the Board of Directors and
drawing up guidelines on how to achieve that target.

As regards Corporate Governance, its main powers
are to report to the Board of Directors on the company’s
internal corporate policies and rules, unless they fall
within the competence of other Committees; to supervise
compliance with the company’s corporate governance
rules, excluding those corresponding to areas that fall
within the competence of other Committees; to report to
the Board of Directors the Annual Corporate Governance
Report for its approval and annual publication; supervise,
within the scope of its competence, the communications
that the company makes with shareholders and investors,
proxy advisers, and other stakeholders, and report on
these to the Board of Directors; and any other actions that
may be necessary to ensure good corporate governance in
all the company’s actions.

Remuneration Committee

The main functions of the Remuneration Committee,
which comprises four Independent Directors, are to

make proposals to the Board of Directors on policy for the
remuneration of Directors and general managers, and on
remuneration and other contractual conditions for indi-
vidual Executive Directors, and to ensure compliance with
existing policies. It also advises on the Annual Report on
Director Remuneration and reviews the general principles
governing remuneration and the arrangements for the
remuneration of all employees, ensuring that transparen-
cy is maintained.

Risk Committee

The main functions of the Board Risk Committee, which
comprises three Independent Directors, are to supervise
and exercise oversight to ensure that all the risks of the
Bank and its consolidated group are accepted, controlled
and managed appropriately, and to report to the Board on

the performance of its duties, in accordance with the law,
the Articles of Association, the Regulation of the Board of
Directors and the Committee’s own terms of reference.

Bank Chairman

Article 55 of the Articles of Association stipulates that

the Chairman shall serve as a non-executive Director.
He/she is the Bank’s highest representative and has the
rights and obligations inherent to such representation.

In discharging his duties, the Chairman of the Board of
Directors is the person with primary responsibility for the
effectiveness of the Board of Directors and, as such, shall
represent the Bank in any event, and have the power to
sign on behalf of the company; he/she shall convene and
chair meetings of the Board of Directors, setting the agen-
da, directing the debates and deliberations within the
Board of Directors, and shall be responsible for ensuring
compliance with the decisions adopted by the Board of
Directors.

Chief Executive Officer

Under article 56 of the Articles of Association, the CEO

is the person with primary responsibility for managing
and directing the business, and for representing the Bank
in the Chairman’s absence. The Board of Directors shall
also permanently delegate to the CEO all legally delegable
powers it deems appropriate.

Control units

The Internal Audit Division and the Risk Division have
access to and report directly to the Board of Directors and
its committees — the Audit and Control Committee and
Board Risk Committee, respectively.

The bank publishes the Annual Corporate Govern-
ance Report which includes detailed information on
the bank’s corporate governance, the Annual Report on
Directors’ Remuneration and the Non-Financial Disclo-
sures Report, which are part of this Directors’ Report,
and can be found on the website of the National Securities
Market Commission and on Banco Sabadell’s corporate
website www.grupobancosabadell.com.

Corporate Governance 27


--- Page 14 ---

The client
Brand

"At Banco Sabadell we help people and companies make
their projects a reality, looking ahead and ensuring

that they make the best economic decisions. We do this
through responsible stewardship that is committed to the
environment and to society. We are non-conformist and
committed. We work professionally and efficiently. And
we relate to each other with empathy and openness."

That is the promise of the Banco Sabadell brand, the bank

Supporting our customers

we want to be. The brand is committed to our customers,
employees and society because "we are distinguished not
only by what we do, but also by how we do it".

In 2021, Banco Sabadell showed that, despite the
circumstances, its vision remains as valid as ever, and it is
true to its values to support its customers and help them
make the best economic decisions. Because, in times of
uncertainty, decisions need to be made but one decision
takes precedence: To support our customers.

The way customers talk about Banco Sabadell, how
the bank has accompanied them over time and the
quality of the service they receive,
is the result of a business model in which the
customer is always the main focus of attention.

The COVID-19 crisis has accelerated changes in customer
behaviour, particularly in terms of the adoption of new
ways of interacting, and has consolidated an environment
in which digitalisation and remote channels are becoming
increasingly important. The current context highlights
the need for transformation, which is why Banco Sabadell
has redefined and accelerated the customer relationship
model, responding to their new consumer habits.

With greater control of the pandemic, the macroe-
conomic context is improving and there is an important
stimulus package and measures for economic recovery,
and Banco Sabadell wants to continue to support and
accompany customers on this path.

Furthermore, society is becoming increasingly socially
and environmentally aware and Banco Sabadell has
therefore taken the firm decision to accompany our cus-
tomers in their transition towards a sustainable economy.

Private individuals

In Retail Banking, we are moving towards a relationship
model that combines the personal support of specialised
managers in branches with access to the digital offer of
our products, thus offering a differential value proposition
to customers, responding to current demand and access-
ing a greater number of customers in this segment.

Corporate Customers

The ability of our network to establish fruitful and
long-lasting relationships with companies - the average

length of service of our customers is 11 years - is one of the
strengths of our Business Banking, which we will further
enhance. At Banco Sabadell, we have good knowledge

of our customers, which allows us to provide them with
specialised solutions and accompany them in the develop-
ment of their business.

Driving digitalisation

Banco Sabadell continues to develop a digitalisation plan
to guarantee the most complete and satisfactory user
experience possible. This plan involves expanding new
digital features and services, and assisting customers in
the transition to digitalisation. Some examples of the im-
provements implemented are the unification of transfers,
the elimination of manual verification of new accounts
and the contractual simplification of funds and sight
accounts, the ability to consult card liquidations from
previous months and to claim incorrect charges through
digital channels, and improvements in file management
capabilities and usability.

Accompanying customers on this journey is vital to
ensure that customers are aware of the bank’s remote
channel solutions and self-service operations and that they
have sufficient information to use them. To support cus-
tomers in their digitalisation process, Banco Sabadell has
implemented a personalised Support Plan, segmented by
type and adapted to each customer, with simple, user-ori-
ented communications that help customers to familiarise
themselves with the use of remote channels and carry out
self-service operations conveniently, quickly and securely.

28 Banco Sabadell Group


--- Page 15 ---

This plan is being maintained over time, so that customers
can see we are working with them round the clock, and we
encourage them to transition towards digitalisation.

Some of the lines of communication that have been
carried out are:

— Working with customers from the outset, promoting
the use of remote channels.

— Communicating with customers based on their degree
of digitalisation, and a monthly newsletter to inform
them of new digital features and highlight existing ones.

— Specifically communicating with senior customers,
informing them how to carry out the most frequent
operations through remote channels.

— Video tutorials on the main remote transactions so that
customers can view a simple, visual explanation of how
features work; instruction cards were produced for
delivery to customers to assist them in using ATMs, the
App and BS Online.

Thanks to all the actions carried out at Banco Sabadell,
60% of our customers are now digital, an increase of 5%
over the previous year.

Enhancing the customer
experience

Continuous improvement

At Banco Sabadell, we work from the perspective of con-
tinuous improvement, which is why we have developeda
methodology that allows us to listen to the voice of the cus-
tomer, measure and assess the main reasons for satisfac-
tion and dissatisfaction, and how close or far we are from
meeting our customers’ expectations. The ultimate goal is
to implement lines of approach that will not only improve
their experience, but also try to exceed their expectations.

Research has made it possible to
transform and improve these processes by
making them much more customer-centric
so as to ensure that customers’ experience

is much more satisfactory.

BS idea: pooling ideas for
the Transformation of Banco
Sabadell

BS idea is a gamified open innovation programme, in-
spired by the design thinking methodology, which allows
all Banco Sabadell employees to propose ideas for im-
provement in any area of the organisation. This is a model
adapted to Banco Sabadell’s strategy in which the talent
of the participants helps the management to achieve its
objectives.

BS idea is implemented through challenges, which
are competitions focused on priority projects for the
entity, selected by the BS idea Committee, made up of the
entity’s directors. In 2021, 12 different challenges have
been launched with topics as relevant and diverse as the
reduction of non-commercial tasks in offices, new ways
of working (SmartWork), European funds, boosting the
equity business, the mortgage business of the future, and
increasing the use of our digital channels, among others.
Participation in these competitions has been a success,
demonstrating once again the importance of listening to
the voice of employees.

A specific jury for each challenge rewards those ideas
that are most aligned with the bank’s strategy, with
the improvement of customer satisfaction and with the
transformation process. It is also an excellent channel for

innovation and communication between teams, enabling
them to share opinions and experiences.

As a novelty, this year a new section dedicated to Test-
ing with internal users has been launched.

Inan environment of digitalisation and constant
change, there is a need for a single space in which to carry
out all types of user testing before launching products,
services and processes. BS idea offers management and
project teams the possibility to improve usability and user
experience by testing with bank employees.

The client 29


--- Page 16 ---

ee)

© 1,459 90

Published Ideas

7,208

Active users

Measuring the
customer experience

@ 484 3}

Selected Ideas

Measuring the customer experience

538

New users

Measuring the Banco Sabadell customer
satisfaction focuses on obtaining insights
that help with decision-making and drive an
increasingly customer-centric culture.

The experience is measured by understanding the mar-
ket, consumers and customers, using a range of qualita-
tive and quantitative research methodologies.

Qualitative research

Qualitative measuring is based on different studies and
research from diverse methodologies in order to gain a
better understanding of the environment and customers.
The goals of this process include:

— Understanding consumers’ concerns, worries and atti-
tudes and their current and future needs.

— Identifying the most emotional and least explicit part
of consumer decision-making.

— Listening in depth, actively and constantly to the cus-
tomer’s voice, which enables us to ascertain how they
experience their relationship with the bank at a range
of touch points.

The methodologies used range from conventional in-
depth interviews or focus groups by segments, to more
innovative methodologies based on behavioural econom-
ics and the detection of consumers’ deepest emotions and
motivations.

Quantitative research

Banco Sabadell Spain also analyses its customers’ experi-
ence through quantitative surveys. Some are more akin to
conventional satisfaction surveys, while others incorpo-
rate an emotional component: to make the organisation
aware of the importance of considering customers in our
decisions, so as to make meaningful improvements.

1. Net Promoter Score (NPS)

The Net Promoter Score (NPS) is a key market bench-
mark for measuring the customer experience, enabling
Banco Sabadell to compare its performance to that of its
competitors and companies in other industries, at domes-
tic and international level.

The NPS is measured in the main customer segments,
products, and relationship channels. Of note were the
results in the segments of companies and SMEs, seg-
ments in which Banco Sabadell has historically developed
a greater specialisation, making it the bank most recom-
mended by companies.

Banco Sabadell is the bank most
recommended by companies.

30 Banco Sabadell Group


--- Page 17 ---

NPS SMEs Position Ranking

O16

In recent years, as a result of the digital transformation,
the measurement of digital channels that complement
the traditional service channel (manager) has gained
importance:

NPS Companies

NPS Manager

NPS Movil

Position Ranking of the entities that form part of the peer
group of Accenture’s Bchk NPS study (BBVA, La Caixa,
Santander and Banco Sabadell).

2. Satisfaction surveys

Banco Sabadell conducts regular surveys to gather in-
depth knowledge of customer satisfaction and to identify
areas for improvement for specific processes and contact
channels. For each of these surveys, the Bank sets itself
quality targets and keeps the results under constant
scrutiny.

Banco Sabadell listens to its customers by conducting
over 300,000 surveys per year and analysing more than
20 touch points.

In the current context, marked by the pandemic and
digitalisation, surveys in the digital dimension are grow-
ing in importance. Banco Sabadell sees the use of digital
channels as a Moment of Truth and, consequently, has
focused on measuring customer satisfaction and improv-
ing the customer satisfaction through BS Online Particu-
lares, BS Online Empresas, the mobile app, etc.

Position Ranking Source: Benchmark

Accenture
(cumulative data
2021). NPS Gestor
and NPS Movil refer
to retail banking.

3. Branch quality surveys

In addition to analysing customer perceptions, Banco
Sabadell carries out objective studies using techniques
such as the Mystery Shopping, under which an independ-
ent consultant performs a pseudo-purchase to gauge the
quality of service and the commercial approach applied
by the sales team.

EQUOS RCB (Stiga), the benchmark survey of Span-
ish bank service quality, is conducted using the Mystery
Shopping technique.

Banco Sabadell continues to maintain a
quality differential with respect to the sector,
which has increased in the last year.

The client

31


--- Page 18 ---

8.17 8.24 8.22 8.21 Quality of service
7.20 level
7.64 7.61
7.36
703 7.20
© Sabadell
Sector
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021

Banco Sabadell is a benchmark for
organisations in Spain, due to its consolidated
track record in quality management and its
recognised management model.

Itis the only financial institution in Spain to score over
700 in the European Foundation for Quality Manage-
ment (EFQM) Seal of Excellence in three consecutive
evaluations (2014-2016-2018), as a result of which it ob-
tained the highest level of the EFQM Seal of Excellence,
confirming the robustness and excellence of its manage-
ment model. This EFQM score has also enabled it to hold,
since its creation, the title of Ambassador of European
Excellence with special mention.

But for Banco Sabadell, internal accolade of excellence
is also very important. In this regard, almost 20 years
ago, it created awards to recognise the excellence of those
branches (as a result of customer satisfaction surveys),
corporate divisions and projects that are a benchmark for
the rest of the entity.

One of the internal awards that the bank created in
2020, as a result of its firm commitment to sustainability,
was the accolade of the best sustainability projects imple-
mented in the organisation, with an impact on the bank’s
contribution to the Sustainable Development Goals and
with ESG (Environmental, Social & Governance) crite-
ria. In 2021, there has been an exponential increase in
the number of applications submitted, one of which has
also received external accolade. This is the Accompani-
ment Programme for the socio-economic improvement
of vulnerable families, winner of the first prize for Good
Management Practices, awarded by the Excellence in
Management Club, in the category of Large Organisation.

In 2021, despite the context of restrictions due to
COVID-19, Banco Sabadell continued to reward and
make internal excellence visible, adapting the acknowl-
edgements to virtual or hybrid formats, depending on the

32

health restrictions at the time. In these adverse situations,
accolade becomes even more important, as it is a motiva-
tional driver for employees, which is also reflected in the
results externally.

Customer Care Service (SAC)

The Customer Care Service of Banco de Sabadell, S.A. con-
forms to the provisions of Ministry of the Economy Order
734/2004, of 11 March, the guidelines issued by the Euro-
pean Banking Authority (EBA) and the European Secu-
rities Market Authority (ESMA), and the Banco Sabadell
Regulations for the Protection of Customers and Users of
Financial Services. The most recent amendment to those
Rules was approved by the Bank of Spain in June 2021.

In accordance with its terms of reference, the Banco
Sabadell Customer Care Service (SAC) handles com-
plaints from customers and users of the financial services
of Banco Sabadell and a number of other institutions:
Bansabadell Financiaci6n, E.F.C., $.A., Sabadell Asset
Management, S.A., S.G.LLC. Sociedad Unipersonal,
Urquijo Gesti6n, S.G.LI.C, S.A. and Sabadell Consumer
Finance, S.A.U.

The SAC is independent of the bank’s operations and
business in order to ensure its autonomy, and it has the
necessary resources to deal appropriately with complaints
and claims, guided by the principles of transparency,
independence, effectiveness, coordination, speed and
security. The SAC also has sufficient authority to access all
the necessary information and documentation in order to
analyse each case, and the operational and business units
are obliged to cooperate diligently in this connection. The

Banco Sabadell Group


--- Page 19 ---

Regulations for the protection of customers and users of
financial services of Banco Sabadell ensure compliance
with the above-mentioned requirements.

In 2021, a total of 49,720 complaints and claims were
received, 16.9% more than in 2020, in addition to 1,143
issues that remained unresolved at 31 December 2020. A
total of 49,949 cases were processed in 2021.

See Note 42 to the 2021 consolidated annual accounts
for further details.

Multi-channel strategy

Banco Sabadell has a set of communication channels with
its customers, both physical (national and international
branch network and ATM network) and digital (BS On-
line, Sabadell Movil, Direct Branch and social networks),
responding to current customer demand.

The bank continues to seek to combine the best
of traditional banking, such as the personal
relationship, with the best of the digital world.

The branch is no longer the focal point of operations, but a
wide range of touch points, where the customer is the pro-
tagonist. This requires simplifying processes as much as
possible and changing the distribution model, something
to which the bank is devoting a great deal of effort in order
to respond to the ubiquity of our customers and offer them
the best experiences.

Branch network

Banco Sabadell ended 2021 with a network of 1,593
branches (290 TSB branches), i.e., a net reduction of 490
branches with respect to 31 December 2020 (a reduction
of 326 branches excluding TSB).

Of the total Banco Sabadell and Group branch net-
work, 955 branches operate under the Sabadell brand

Number of branches
by autonomous community

The client

(including 25 business banking branches and 2 corporate
banking branches); 64: as SabadellGallego (including 3
business branches); 85 under the SabadellHerrero brand
in Asturias and Leén (3 business branches); 66 as Sa-
badellGuipuzcoano (5 business banking branches); 11 as
SabadellUrquijo; 89 branches under the Solbank brand;
and 323 offices that make up the international network, of
which 290 are in TSB and 15 in Mexico.

33


--- Page 20 ---

Banco Sabadell in the world

e
e
e
e
e
e
© Subsidiaries and Branches
investees Miami (USA) offices

Mexico DF (Mexico)
London (United
Kingdom)

Paris (France)
Casablanca (Morocco)
Lisbon (Portugal)
London (UK)

ATM network

The number of self-service network devices in Spain as of
December 2021 is 2,645 units, comprising 1,922 branch
ATMs and 723 mobile ATMs. The decrease in the number
of ATMs in branches and the increase in the number of
displaced ATMs is due to the closure of branches during
the year.

With regard to the operations carried out during the
year 2021, a downward trend can be observed; a total of
87,407,601 transactions have been carried out, a decrease
of 2% in the total number of operations. In terms of the
types of transactions most used, cash dispensing record-
ed similar volumes to the previous year and cash income
continued to rise, with a 21% increase in the number of
transactions.

During 2021, we have focused our efforts on continu-
ously improving the overall availability of the self-service
devices and enhancing customer satisfaction.

In order to achieve this improvement during the year
2021, a series of initiatives have been implemented, of
which we highlight the assistance of ATMs outside office
working hours, including weekends and holidays, the im-
provement of ATM monitoring by creating new indicators
and follow-up control panels, the new recycling function-
ality and modifications in the interaction of customers
with the most critical operations used by customers.

© Representative

Alger (Algeria)
Sao Paulo (Brazil)
Beijing (China)

Shanghai (China)
Bogota (Colombia)
Dubai (UAE)

New York (USA)
New Delhi (India)

Warsaw (Poland)
Lima (Peru)

Santo Domingo (DR)
Singapore (Singapore)
Istanbul (Turkey)

Other initiatives during the year included the analysis and
monitoring of the ATMs moved to ensure greater profit-
ability, operational efficiency and the design of the ATM
footprint, which will have an impact on the organisation
and distribution of ATMs.

34 Banco Sabadell Group


--- Page 21 ---

Sabadell Online and Sabadell Mobile

In 2021, 60% of our customers were classified
as digital, achieving a 5% increase in the
number of digital customers compared to 2020.

The number of digital customers in the private customer
segment grew 5% relative to 2020 and 2% in the business
customer segment in the same period.

In addition to this growth in the digital customer
base, the frequency of connection per customer, usage and
contracting through digital channels has also continued
to grow, as will be detailed below.

In 2021, we continued to push for the creation of new
digital and remote capabilities to provide customers with
better service from digital channels, offering greater con-
venience without having to travel to the branch network.
Both the website and mobile devices have contributed to
improving customer satisfaction and, at the same time,
meeting the efficiency of the strategic plan.

Sabadell Online
(bancosabadell.com website)

Despite positive figures growth in mobile usage, Sabadell
Online traffic and frequency remain high, and this service
received an average of around 10 million visits per month
in the year, primarily for operational and transactional
purposes, particularly from business customers.

The number of transactions carried out through
Sabadell Online continues to grow both in terms of
contracting capacity and servicing operations, which
have been reduced by around 62% in branches in favour

Sabadell Mobile, adoption and usage
habit growth

of remote channels compared to 2020. Specifically, the

number of transfers increased by 4% in Sabadell Online

compared to the previous year.

In 2021, the customer satisfaction indicator in Sa-
badell Online Empresas increased to 7.3 points (+0.15
compared to the previous year) thanks to a series of
improvements in this digital channel. Based on custom-
er satisfaction surveys and interviews, the focus was on
perfecting daily operations and improving the digital
experience of Business Banking customers through four
main lines of approach:

— Enhance functionalities that customers use on a daily
basis (¢.g., simplified transfer operations and easier file
management);

— Improve usability to increase the quality of the service
(e.g., more functional and intuitive menus and new
accesses between Sabadell Online Particulares and
Sabadell Online Empresas);

— Facilitate customer-manager interaction to strength-
en the relationship (e.g., secure video calls between
customers and managers and online appointment
management);

— Expand the digital offer to surprise customers (e.g.,
new interface in Sabadell Online Empresas to access
PwC’s advisory service for processing European Recov-
ery Fund grants).

Banco Sabadell’s user adoption of the distance
banking app solution continues to grow, rising from
2.8 million to 2.9 million users, an
increase of 7% compared to the previous year.

The client

35


--- Page 22 ---

In addition to this increase in users, the frequency of
access increased by 5% in logins per user per month com-
pared with the previous year, to an average of 20 logins per
month per customer in the individual customer segment.

The focus this year has therefore been on reducing
the barriers to entry and friction in the journeys to access
digital channels, enabling new functionalities for obtain-
ing distance banking credentials without having to go to
the branch network, as well as optimising their recovery
in the event of loss or forgetfulness.

In addition to this effort to facilitate access to our
online office, we have worked to improve the depth of in-
formation available, enabling the consultation of account
movements for up to 10 years. In addition, the logos of
the main vendors originating the payments have been
added to facilitate the understanding and identification of
account movements. Thus, at a glance, the customer can
recognise the payment source without having to read or
delve into it.

Operational improvements such as the debit/credit
card blocking flow or tax payments have also been made
to offer customers greater clarity, simplicity and ease in
the process, achieving a reduction in the abandonment
rate of online operations and, at the same time, a decrease
in the number of calls to Direct Branch.

With regard to the use of operations related to financial
products, we would highlight the following developments:

Sabadell Wallet

Specifically, in relation to investment and savings, the use
of digital channels for the purchase and sale of securities
increased by 5% compared to 2020, with the increase in
remote subscriptions of mutual funds accumulated over
the year being 42% higher than in the previous period.
Extraordinary contributions to remote Savings Plans
have increased by 13% and extraordinary contributions to
remote Pension Plans by 4% compared to 2020.

Developments in financing products were as follows:

In pre-approved lending, sales are finally returning
to pre-COVID levels. The focus in 2021 has been to make
larger concession amounts immediately available to users
at the click ofa button, increasing the average amount
contracted online.

In the area of mortgage financing, efforts have been
concentrated on continuing to deploy simulation tools
to enable users to make progress in their home purchase
and financing decisions. This is the first part of a plan to
develop tools to facilitate remote mortgage lending, which
will be rolled out throughout the fourth quarter and first
half of 2022.

Finally, in the range of means of payment, the option
for our customers to contract debit and credit cards dig-
itally has been enabled. This process consists of a digital
catalogue, selection and comparison of products, 100%
online contracting and online activation of the card.

The trend in the use of Sabadell’s mobile payments
app continues to show positive growth.

There has been a 58% increase in logins compared to the
previous year, with an average of 6 logins per month per
customer.

The most frequently used operations include the
following:

Bizum sending, which grew by 142% compared to the
previous year. The use of Instant Money (a service that
enables cash pick-up at ATMs without the need for a card,
with just a 6-digit code) grew by 30%. The last operation-
al highlight is the adoption and use of mobile payments,
which recorded an 86% increase in the volume of opera-
tions compared to the previous year.

36 Banco Sabadell Group


--- Page 23 ---

2,937 Progress of active customers
2,769
2,675

in Sabadell Mobile (thousands
clients)
2,396
2,054
1,654
1,160
;

2014 42015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (*)

(*) Latest information available as of November 2021.

Direct branch — Reduction of 290,000 calls due to process improve-
ments and efficiency initiatives such as:

During 2021, contacts with Direct Branch decreased by — The activation of self-service locutions in the tele-

over 24%, to 4.9 million, compared to 2020. phone channel, which help our customers to carry
The service channel that has experienced the greatest out their daily operations.

growth this year has been chat. Telephone consultations — Implementation of the Virtual Assistant.

accounted for 84% of the total, followed by e-mail, chat — Non-critical operating hours restriction (from 19:00

and social media. The following figure shows growth hours to 8:00 hours).

levels, by channel.

As regards service levels, the SLA (Service Level
Agreement) ratio for telephone enquiries exceeded 93%,
followed by chat (94.9%) and e-mail (91%). Banco Sabadell
received 192,000 mentions in social media (SLA: 98%).

The decrease in volumes during 2021 is motivated by

the following:

Contacts through Contacts through Chat contacts Contacts through

the telephone channel the e-mail channel social networks
5,336,589 235,614

575,333
352,274
4,101,146
374,864 151,450
i 191,983
2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021

The client 37


--- Page 24 ---

Social media

Banco Sabadell has been active in social media since
2007. The objective: to get to know digital customers and
their needs, obtain suggestions from them, and analyse
how best to serve them. Three years later, in 2010, Banco
Sabadell was an active participant in the most popular
social platforms: Facebook and Twitter. Banco Sabadell
currently has a presence in five social media: Twitter,
Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube and Instagram, with 20
different profiles at national level, and it has one of the
best digital reputations in the financial sector.

Social media are among the main channels for engag-
ing with our customers, both for handling queries and
for broadcasting institutional and business messages,
marketing campaigns and general interest messages.

Their use is growing exponentially and the Bank sets a
high priority on raising its social media profile. Based on
demand and the need to serve all customers anywhere in
the world, a 24x7 service was implemented at the end of
2011.

Banco Sabadell currently has approximately 600,000
followers. Nearly 350,000 mentions of the brand were
monitored or dealt with in 2021.

Akey success factor is continuous tracking of inter-
actions with followers and customers. One of the key
performance indicators (KPIs) in social media positioning
is the response rate, in which Banco Sabadell has a high
score. Additionally, social media served as an important
channel for conveying corporate and institutional con-
tent and as a channel for opinion-makers, particularly
during the lockdown and generally during the COVID-19
pandemic. Social media are used to announce and webcast
many sponsored events and other educational initiatives in
which Banco Sabadell plays an active role, and this became
particularly important this year. They include Earnings
Presentations, the General Meeting of Shareholders, the
Barcelona Open Banc Sabadell - Conde de God6 tennis
tournament, a superb example of digital coverage, as well
as the South Summit and the Banco Sabadell Foundation
Research Awards. The year 2020 also marked a water-
shed in the Bank’s commitment to sustainability and the
creation ofa solid digital community under the #SomosSa-
badell and #EstarDondeEstés hashtags.

In line with the initial objectives, Banco Sabadell
closely tracks trends, social conversations associated with
the Bank, audiences, and it uses the results to develop a
strategy to expand and strengthen our presence, impact
and engagement. This growth is evidenced by follower
numbers in new channels such as Instagram, market
opinions gathered via mobile devices, opinions expressed
in industry forums and, this year, analysis and interaction
of our branch offices in Google Maps.

The Bank continues to expand its digital presence in
fast-growing channels such as Instagram and LinkedIn,
and maintains a policy of segment-based specialisation
through profiles related to such areas as the press (@
SabadellPrensa, @SabadellPremsa and @Sabadell-
Press), the Banco Sabadell Foundation (@FBSabadell), @

BStartup aimed at entrepreneurs, @InnoCells in support
of new business and the digital transformation, and @
Sabadell_Help, which is specifically for customer service.

Digital transformation and
customer experience

Banco Sabadell’s digital
transformation approach and priorities

The priorities in digital transformation, in line with the
new Strategic Plan presented in 2021, include the imple-
mentation of new remote sales models for sophisticated
products, the evolution of self-service purchasing of
procurement products, and continuing to improve and
incorporate new operations, also in self-service, to make
customers more autonomous in their daily lives. The
acceleration required to drive these three levers of trans-
formation has created the opportunity to review organi-
sational, methodological, and technological capabilities
to improve productivity and user experience.

As part of its commitment to putting digital transfor-
mation at the heart of its strategy and operations, Banco
Sabadell strengthened the mandate of InnoCells by mak-
ing this subsidiary the Bank’s digital hub. This platform
adds digital capabilities to generate synergies, enabling
the Bank to achieve challenging goals through a hybrid
innovation model (internal and external) with project
execution capabilities and digital expertise.

InnoCells

InnoCells has a multidisciplinary team capable of ad-
dressing challenges and projects end-to-end, through re-
flection and execution, enabling it to maximise the impact
for the Banco Sabadell Group and enhance the customer
experience.

InnoCells adds key capabilities for the group:

— Digital leadership: coordinating the Bank’s digital
innovation capabilities and providing a strategic vision
from the ecosystem on key business aspects by identi-
fying leading practices in the market.

— Strategic design and customer vision: evolving the
value proposition towards the delivery of custom-
er-centric digital experiences. Addressing the chal-
lenges holistically and incorporating customers’ voices
throughout the process: understanding users and their
problems, proposing new products and services or
amending existing current processes, and validating
solutions with users.

— Agile technology development: scaling the Bank’s
organisational capabilities by adopting new agile work
methodologies that enhance delivery capacity and
continuous learning in projects.

— Strategic alliances: combining internal innovation
with external capabilities, actively participating in the

38 Banco Sabadell Group


--- Page 25 ---

innovation ecosystem. Collaborating on a large scale
with startups that complement the Banco Sabadell val-
ue proposition and enable it to reduce time-to-market
and offer new services or features to customers.

— Driving technology architecture capabilities: develop-
ing new technology capabilities to improve productivi-
ty and connecting with third parties ona large scale.

— Capacity multiplier: design, implement and deliver key
business projects for the Group.

Main deliveries in 2021

InnoCells contributed to Banco Sabadell’s digital of-

fer and to improving the customer experience by both

developing projects from scratch and adapting existing

processes or exploring new environments.
Some recent examples of retail banking with a high
impact on customer user experience are:

— Increasing the depth of the transaction query to 10
years: in March 2021, we will enable the visualisation
of transactions older than 24 months and up to 10 years
in BS Online (BSO) and BS Movil (BSM), allowing
customers to consult the corresponding transactions
without the need to use assisted channels.

— Improvements to tax operations: in the first quarter of
2021, tax operations were improved by giving greater
visibility on both the internet and mobile devices, and
improving the tax form experience.

— Online card purchase: as of July 2021, we allow cus-
tomers to purchase a card via BSO and BSM. In addi-
tion, a catalogue is created to help our customers get a
better understanding of the cards offered by the bank
and see which ones are best suited to their needs.

— Improvements in card operations: between July and
September 2021, we improved the service and expe-
rience in card operations with different initiatives,
such as allowing customers to claim transactions from
digital channels with a digital signature, providing
greater detail when a payment is rejected, consulting
card settlements or improving the visibility of card
information in BSO and BSM.

— Web and mobile integration with Adobe Target: for
both informational and transactional content, we
enabled the integration with Adobe Target, which will
allow the bank a greater degree of personalisation of
the offers and promotions that we present to custom-
ers, also allowing changes to the information presented
without the need for intervention by IT teams.

— SMS reduction: throughout 2021, we have been reduc-
ing the total number of SMS messages sent to custom-
ers from different BSM operations, replacing SMS
messages with push notifications and encouraging
customers to migrate to digital signature, which has
led to significant cost savings for the bank.

—CDD - KYC BSO: within the framework of the imple-
mentation of Continuous Due Diligence, a space is cre-
ated in BSO where the customer can clearly identify the
documentation that is required in order to continue to

The client

have an operational account. Similarly, a set of commu-
nications has been planned, which will ensure that the
customer knows at all times what actions are pending
and when they are required to carry them out.

Virtual Assistant: Banco Sabadell’s new Virtual As-
sistant, supported by the conversational platform and
the Virtual Office, ready to incorporate the necessary
conversational flows to reduce the volume of calls to the
Direct Branch and encourage self-service.

Improved service and operation of pre-approved loans
by increasing the limit that can be contracted through
digital channels so that customers can have access to
aloan of up to 30,000 euros at any given moment. The
contracting flows are improved in both self-service and
assisted channels, providing more information to the
customer on what is required to formalise the operation
and optimising information to the customer service
teams to improve the time required to manage requests.
Improve access to contracting flows, offering a specific
space in the global position for contracting products
such as insurance and cards, which can also be custom-
ised (price, content, etc.) autonomously by marketing.
Digital mortgage: deployment of new capabilities

to start the process of capturing and managing the
demand for mortgage products in the digital channel,
through the deployment in October of a mortgage
simulator that will enable our customers to assess
their financing capacity and a first approximation of
the resulting instalments, as well as enabling the bank
to qualify digital leads according to their maturity

in order to allocate commercial resources to manage
those with the greatest possibility of conversion, as
well as the pilot test in December 2021 of an accompa-
nying portal that will enable and guide the customer

to provide online the necessary documentation for the
solvency study, while automating the consultation of
bureaus and giving the manager better visibility of

the status of operations at this phase of the process.
This should result in an increase in the demand for
mortgage products, better support for our customers,
especially in remote channels, and greater conversion
of opportunities (reducing the commercial effort and,
therefore, improving efficiency).

CDD - National Identity Card update with Onfido: in
December 2021 and within the framework of Con-
tinuous Due Diligence, access to available customer
information and access to update flows is improved.
This year, the possibility of updating the National Iden-
tity Card from the website through the provider Onfido
is enabled, improving the experience and conversion
of the current process with the provider Veridas (the
possibility of updating the National Identity Card in BS
Movil has been available since January 2022).

Digital onboarding: opening in December 2021 of

the new 100% digital customer registration service,
supported by Onfido’s identity identification and
validation solution, confirmed by digital signature and
complying with legal and regulatory requirements,
which will enable users to register as new customers of

39


--- Page 26 ---

the bank without the need to visit a branch. In addi-
tion, an Expansion Account can also be set up as part
of the process. The opportunity has also been taken
to simplify the set of contractual documentation for a
number of contract products.

— 5 Star Programme: Sabadell Movil’s experience im-
provement initiative has succeeded in moving key KPIs
across the stability, performance, and usability levers
with continuous delivery of improvements through
2021. Some of the initiatives highlighted include
improved display of information and details of account
and card transactions, access to 90 days’ transactions
without additional signature, a new app version for
Huawei devices without Google services, improved
conversion of the PIN recovery process (from 24% to
54% conversion rate), reduction of app login time and
resolution of principal bugs.

Recent examples with a significant impact on the custom-

er satisfaction:

— Improvements in file operations: deployment of new
capabilities to provide greater ease of use in one of the
most important and recurring operations for business
customers and thus improve the satisfaction of BSO
Empresas users. In addition, with these initiatives we
improve efficiency and increase self-service through
improved experience and service. The most relevant
initiatives are detailed below:

— Multiple file signing: more efficient functionality by
allowing multiple batches to be signed without the
need to go through them one by one. This saves time
and effort for our customers.

— Facilitating the creation of files: enabling customers
to retrieve information from previously sent file dis-
patches and allowing them to be edited, generated
and sent, thus reducing management time in a more
comfortable way.

— File import improvements: increase the visibility of
the file import initiative to improve onboarding for
users who want to carry out this operation.

— File control centre: creation of a new interface that
centralises the most relevant information on file
management and has a new space for consultation
and monitoring of file status, with direct access to the
signature, cancellation, reuse, and details of the file.

— Transactional companies - New navigation menus:
redesign of the navigation menus of BS Online Empre-
sas and new organisation of the menus to facilitate the
location and use of the operations. With this initiative,
we want to improve our customer satisfaction index in
order to be more competitive with our peers and reduce
the number of customers who say they leave BSO with-
out finding the operation they were looking for.

— European Recovery Fund: creation of a new page on
BSO Empresas providing personalised help to custom-
ers about the European Economic Recovery Fund. In
addition, this page provides our customers with access
to PwC's external service that assists with the process-
ing of the call they are interested in.

— Additional validations for international transfers: this
project consists of applying a series of improvements to
the international transfer screens in order to minimise
the number of incidents due to errors in this type of
transfer.

— MVP: Manager Area: the strategy in companies is
to strengthen customer-manager communication,
especially with value customers. With this project, we
have created a new digital appointment flow accessible
on the Home page and in the new Manager Area. With
the proposed solution, it will be possible to request
appointments (commercial), checkout (servicing) and
appointment management.

— Dual Login: functionality that allows you to switch
from private to business account and vice versa in
an agile way, without penalising the user to log out
to access again. In this way, the customer will have a
better digital experience with the aim of increasing
the percent of logins in BSO Empresas and positively
influencing the improvement of the NPS.

Additionally, InnoCells has executed, from the Collabora-
tion area, both pilots and proofs of concept with third par-
ties (seeking to accelerate the digital transformation of the
business through the incorporation of products, services,
and differential third-party technologies, with the main
focus on the Fintech ecosystem), as well as participation in
projects framed within the strategic line of Financing.

We can highlight the following:

— Participation in the Request For Proposal for selec-
tion of a third-party platform (companies in the RFP:
Cobee, in which the Group has stakes, and Compensa)
for the digitalisation of the Group Pension Plan product
offered to the Bank’s corporate customers through the
Joint Venture with Zurich, in which the Group has
stakes. The solution developed together with Compen-
sa is now deployed in production and active for con-
tracting by corporate customers.

— Deployment of internal Speech Analysis capabilities:
transcription and interpretation system with cog-
nitive capabilities of manager-customer phone call
recordings with different use cases (from regulatory to
commercial). The pilot was carried out with Predictiva
(a company in which the Group has a stake) and the
Cognitive and Regulatory Compliance Departments,
and offered insights on the comparison of the solution
vs. the current solution and other providers (Telefonica
Recordia).

— Deployment in the productive environment of Banco
digital channels (BSMovil and BS Online, initially
to employees and subsequently to end customers) of
capabilities for detecting recurrent charges or sub-
scriptions, offering the ability to change and cancel
them. The pilot was conducted in collaboration with
the startup Minna Technologies and provided insights
for decision making in the Daily Banking project.

— Participation in the SmartPayments/SmartMoney
pilot, through a collaborative action between differ-
ent entities within the framework of Iberpay (BBVA,

40 Banco Sabadell Group


--- Page 27 ---

Caixabank, Banco Santander, Banco Sabadell, and
Bankia before the merger) to dynamise the transfer of
money within the ECEC through tokenisation.

— Orchestration and active collaboration in two projects
driven by the Funding strategic line (ongoing):

— Digital Reactive Lending: offering identified cus-
tomers in the individual segment the possibility to
apply for a reactive loan in a 100% digital contract-
ing process. Participation in the Request For Pro-
posal for the selection of the third-party platform
(selected company Indra-Minsait) and continuity in
the project as orchestrator of the initiative.

— Sabadell Consumer Finance-Instant Credit: defini-
tion of the strategy, evolution, and strengthening of
digital financing operations at points of sale (both
e-commerce and physical).

In addition, the area of Collaboration with third parties
maintains continuous interaction with the startup eco-
system (collaboration with BStartup and Sabadell Ven-
ture Capital and participation in various events: South-
Summit, 4YFN, Webinars, etc.) and has a specific portal
(www.partnerships.innocells.io) to centralise and receive
value proposals that may be of interest to the Group in an
orderly fashion. In 2021, 27 contacts have been managed
and some QuickWin initiatives have been executed for
validation (¢.g., collaboration with startup TaxDown,
with a proposal for the creation of optimised tax returns).

Banco Sabadell’s response to
the COVID-19 health crisis

The sudden arrival of the COVID-19 crisis triggered a
paradigm shift in the way we work and the way the Group
relates to its customers on a day-to-day basis. The Group
responded effectively, maintaining operational continuity
at all times without impairing customer service and while
safeguarding the health of customers and employees alike.

During the pandemic, Banco Sabadell has stood by
its customers and society as a whole by offering financial
support measures.

The bank continues to offer the business community
measures to mitigate the lack of liquidity due to the pan-
demic, such as the renewal of policies and the extension of
different products already contracted. Likewise, through
the ICO Support Plan, applications for loans guaranteed
by the State through the Official Credit Institute (Institu-
to de Crédito Oficial) have been managed.

In addition, the Bank has joined forces with the Euro-
pean Investment Bank to increase its capacity to lend to
small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and mid-
caps affected by the economic impact of the COVID-19
pandemic.

Banco Sabadell continued to prioritise the protection
of employees and customers as the main focus of its ac-
tions in the first half of the year. The protocols established
in the commercial network have been activated depend-
ing on the incidence in each territory, although, thanks to
the high level of personal responsibility of our employees
and the effectiveness of the measures activated, there
have been few occasions when this has been necessary.

As for corporate centres, they have remained large-
ly open and, while teleworking has remained the main
focus, they have responded to a growing need for the face-
to-face dynamics necessary to realise the full potential
of hybrid working. In this regard, the completion of the
delivery of portable devices to almost 100% of the work-
force in February 2021 has been decisive, which, together
with the deployment of the capabilities of the Office 365
platform, is shaping a more secure, agile, flexible, and
connected organisation.

In terms of the group’s financial metrics, after ayear
2020 whose results were marked by the pandemic, this
year Banco Sabadell has been able to generate 530 million
euros of profit in the year 2021. In addition, it continued
to increase its solvency level and strengthen its balance
sheet, so that the group has solvency levels above its re-
quirements, ample liquidity, and a healthy balance sheet.

In this respect, the CET1 fully-loaded capital ratio
stands at 12.22%. Notably, the ratio increased by 20 basis
points year-on-year, demonstrating the group’s com-
mitment to a broad solvency position with a ratio above
12%. The Group also enjoys a comfortable capital posi-
tion with respect to regulatory requirements, 395 basis
points above them. The Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital issues in
January (Tier 2) and March and November of this year
(ATD, for an aggregate amount of 1,750 million euros,

Banco Sabadell’s response to the COVID-19 health crisis 41


--- Page 28 ---

contributed to consolidating this total capital ratio.

The Group has a strong liquidity position, with 57,000
million euros in liquid assets, i.e., over 23% of its balance
sheet, and a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) of 221%. Its
balance sheet shows a healthy equilibrium between loans
and deposits (loan-to-deposits ratio: 96%).

The Group also has a sound balance sheet. As a result of
selling portfolios of NPAs in recent years and the ongoing
organic elimination of NPAs, the Group’s risk profile has
improved significantly, so that net NPAs at year-end 2021
account for 1.4% of total assets, with an NPL ratio of 3.7%.

In the wake of the unprecedented shock to the econo-
my asa result of the COVID-19 pandemic, governments
adopted a series of measures to support the economy.
Those measures include fiscal policies to provide liquidity
support to economic agents, families, and companies.

Spain

In this respect, in Spain, some measures adopted in the
context of the pandemic remained in place during 2021
and other new measures were promoted. Some of the
most important ones are the following: (i) the legislative
or sectoral payment moratoriums - both implemented

in 2020 - were reactivated by Royal Decree-Law 3/2021
of 2 February, which extended the period for applying

to 30 March 2021, stipulating a maximum duration of 9
months; (ii) the two ICO COVID-19 lines of guarantees
launched in 2020 (of 100 billion and 40 billion, respec-
tively, for liquidity and investment), whose period for
applying was first extended to 31 December 2021 with

the approval of Royal Decree-Law 05/2021 in March, and
then extended for a further 6 months, until 30 June 2022,
by Royal Decree-Law 27/2021, of 23 November; and iii)
the Code of Best Practices, approved in May 2021, and
which mainly envisages 3 possibilities to which debtors, if
they met a series of specific conditions (amount of public
aid received, etc.), could avail themselves of: maturity ex-
tensions - up to 10 years - (which could be requested until
15 October 2021), conversion of debt into equity loans
(which could also be requested until 15 October 2021) and
debt reduction (whose maximum execution period is until
1 December 2022).

In addition, Royal Decree-Law 5/2021 approved by
the Spanish Government envisaged a series of extraordi-
nary measures to support solvency of business in response
to the COVID-19 pandemic, approving public invest-
ment of up to 11 billion euro through three funds: a fund
of 7 billion euro for direct aid to the self-employed and
companies, to reduce debt levels subscribed from March
2020; a fund of 1 billion euro for those viable compa-
nies that cannot access the fund managed by the State
Industrial Ownership Corporation (SEPI for its acronym
in Spanish); and, finally, a 3 billion euro fund for the
restructuring of COVID-19 financial debt. The latter fund
is implemented within the framework of a Code of Good
Practice, approved by the Council of Ministers Agreement
of 11 May 2021. This framework allows for extending
the amortisation term of guaranteed loans, extending

grace periods, converting loans into equity loans while
maintaining the public guarantee, and granting direct
transfers for the reduction of the outstanding principal of
guaranteed loans. Banco Sabadell adhered to the Code of
Best Practices on 3 June 2021.

As regards moratoriums in Spain, the legal moratori-
um consisted of offering a 3-month grace period on mort-
gages and consumer loans, both in interest and principal
payments, to customers who met certain vulnerability cri-
teria. Additionally, the sector moratorium consists of grace
periods of up to 12 months for mortgages and 6 months for
consumer loans to people affected by COVID-19. In this
case, the grace period is only for principal repayments, and
the customer must continue to pay interest. This mora-
torium is also applicable to persons who have benefited
from a legal moratorium and who, upon expiration of
that moratorium, meet the conditions established for the
sector moratorium. On 3 February 2021, RDL 3/2021 was
approved, extending the period for applying for moratori-
ums until 30 March 2021, the duration of which was for a
maximum period of 9 months, including, where applica-
ble, the moratorium period already enjoyed.

Grace periods granted by Banco Sabadell during the
year, under the legal and sectoral moratorium, covered
loans amounting to 3,500 million euros. As of 31 Decem-
ber 2021, the total outstanding moratorium amounts to
around 3 billion euro. It is worth noting that, of the total
loans under moratorium, 75% are mortgages. In addition,
about 12% of the total moratorium granted is in stage 3.

With the COVID-19 ICO lines of guarantees ascend-
ing to 140 billion euro, the ICO grants a state guarantee
of between 60% and 80% of the loans, depending on
whether the customer is self-employed, an SME, or a large
company. Banco Sabadell has granted, until 31 December
2021, 13.7 billion euro in this type of loans (benefiting
from 10.5 billion euro in guarantees), of which 8.6 billion
euro have been drawn down with an average guarantee of
more than 75%.

United Kingdom

In the UK too, a number of measures have been imple-
mented by the government and the regulator with the
objectives of helping the economy and protecting custom-
ers of institutions that have been affected by COVID-19.
In addition to the sectoral measures, TSB has taken a
number of actions designed to protect customers affected
by COVID-19.

On the part of the UK regulator, the Financial Con-
duct Authority (FCA), the measures taken are: (i) a statu-
tory mortgage and consumer moratorium, (ii) exemption
from interest payments on overdrafts, (iii) a government
guarantee scheme for loans to businesses that have been
disrupted by COVID-19 and have a turnover of up to £45
million (CBILS), (iv) a government guarantee scheme for
loans from larger businesses that have also been disrupt-
ed by COVID-19 (CLBILS) and (v) an accelerated fund-
ing plan for all businesses (Bounce Back Loan scheme,
BBLS), which is not cumulative with other schemes.

42 Banco Sabadell Group


--- Page 29 ---

In relation to the statutory mortgage moratorium an-
nounced by the UK Government in March 2020, with

a duration of 3 months for any customer who has expe-
rienced financial difficulties due to COVID-19, the FCA
published its supervisory expectations specifying that

the moratorium exempts customers from principal and
interest payments. At the end of the moratorium period,
entities and customers should agree how they intend to re-
pay the remaining instalments, generally by increasing the
remaining monthly instalments or by extending the term
of the loan. On 2 June 2020, the period for applying for this
moratorium was extended to 31 October 2020. Subse-
quently, in November 2020, the FCA announced a further
extension of the period for applying until 31 March 2021.

In relation to the statutory credit products moratorium
(personal loans and credit cards) announced by the Gov-
ernment in April 2020, with a duration of 3 months for any
customer who has experienced financial difficulties due
to COVID-19, the FCA published its supervisory expecta-
tions specifying that the moratorium exempts customers
from principal and interest payments. At the end of the
moratorium period, entities and customers should agree
how they intend to repay the remaining instalments, gen-
erally by increasing the remaining monthly instalments
or by extending the term of the loan. Furthermore, on 1
July 2020, the FCA also extended the period for applying
for this moratorium to 31 October 2020. Subsequently, in
November 2020, the FCA announced a further extension
of the period for applying until 31 March 2021.

In this regard, as of 31 December 2021, all of the
£4,442 million of moratoriums granted in TSB have ma-
tured, both on mortgages and credit products (personal
loans and credit cards).

As regards the overdraft interest exemption, the FCA
has published guidance specifying that customers with
overdrafts of up to £500 for a term of up to 3 months are
exempt from interest and commissions. This measure was
initially applicable to all customers until 9 July 2020. In
addition, the deadline for this aid was extended until 31
October 2020 for those customers who applied for it. Fi-
nally, the guidance has been updated in September 2020
so that banks will continue to provide support to those
customers who are in distress after 31 October 2021.

The Coronavirus Business Interruption Loans
Scheme (CBILS) with turnover per annum of less than
£45 million allows institutions to borrow up to £5 million
in the form of loans, overdrafts, invoice finance, and asset
finance with a maximum term of 6 years. In this scheme,
the government provides an 80% guarantee for each loan
and covers the first 12 months of interest payments.

The Bounce Back Loan Scheme (BBLS) is not cumu-
lative with other schemes and is independent of turnover
per annum. This scheme allows you to borrow up to 25%
of your turnover up to a limit of £50,000. The govern-
ment provides a 100% guarantee and pays the interest for
the first 12 months. The company starts repaying the loan
after one year and the interest rate is 2,5%, determined
by the government. In addition, no refunds will be made
during the first 12 months.

The Winter Economy Plan, announced on 24 September
2020, introduces a number of changes to these guaran-
teed schemes, most notably the Pay As You Grow option,
which allows for payment deferral from 6 to 10 years, in-
terest-only payments for up to 6 months and full payment
suspension for up to 6 months (this option can be used
once during the life of the loan and only after 6 payments
have been made). In addition, in February 2021, the

UK Government announced a plan introducing greater
flexibility for Pay As You Grow, which now allows the
third option to be taken up directly in the first instalment,
without the need to make the first 6 payments.

The launch of the Recovery Loan Scheme was an-
nounced at the Budget presentation on 3 March 2021,
which replaces the BBL and CBIL schemes. This allows,
from 6 April 2021, companies of any size to borrow be-
tween £25,000 and £10 million with an 80% guarantee
until the end of the year.

TSB has granted, until 31 December 2021, a total of
£546 million from both the accelerated funding plan for
all businesses (BBLS) and the business loan guarantee
scheme (CBILS).

In addition, TSB supports retail and business custom-
ers through the regulatory support measures mentioned
above by offering interest-free or interest-refundable
overdrafts, as well as through a number of customer
service improvements. As an example, TSB employees
have contacted the most vulnerable customers to offer
assistance and ATM cards have been issued to customers
who previously only used a savings book to enable them
to better access cash without having to visit a branch. In
addition, innovative ways have been put in place for TSB’s
telephony employees to work remotely to allow them to
make large volumes of calls to avoid transactional fraud
and bank operational phone calls. Finally, in partnership
with IBM, TSB has developed the Smart Agent, which has
enhanced the website by providing customer support with
arange of services without the customer having to phone
or visit a branch.

Banco Sabadell’s response to the COVID-19 health crisis 43


--- Page 30 ---

Economic, business and
regulatory environment

45 Economic and financial background
50 Banking sector environment
52 Outlook for 2022


--- Page 31 ---

The year 2021 has continued to be marked by the
COVID-19, although it has become less central
to the economy thanks to vaccination.

Economic and financial
background

The year 2021 has continued to be marked by the COV-
ID-19 pandemic, from the expansion of the alpha variant
at the beginning of the year to the omicron in the final
part of the year. In any case, COVID-19 has been losing
its central role as a determinant of economic activity and
financial markets. In terms of activity, developments
have been generally favourable thanks to the process of
economic reopening, albeit uneven at the global level. For
its part, the pick-up in inflation has been one of the most
notable surprises of the year and one of the most impor-
tant market factors. The high levels of inflation eventually
led to a shift in monetary policy, first in many emerging
countries and later in developed countries. Overall, 2021
has been a positive year for financial markets.

Evolution of COVID-19

The pandemic has remained present throughout 2021.
Countries faced successive waves of infections and the
emergence of new variants of the virus, adding to un-
certainty about the future evolution of the pandemic.
Progress in the vaccination process, which gained mo-
mentum from the first quarter onwards, did not eradicate
the pandemic, but it did have positive effects in reduc-
ing the rate of hospitalisations and deaths, making the
consequences of the pandemic more manageable. Thus,
the containment measures imposed were more limited
as new waves occurred, although some measures aimed
at the unvaccinated population were more restrictive in
the last months of the year, with the aim of increasing the
percentage of the population vaccinated.

The effectiveness of vaccines made them the main tool
for controlling the pandemic, although their distribu-
tion around the world has been very uneven. While third
booster doses were already being distributed in devel-
oped economies by the end of the year, in many emerging
countries satisfactory percentages of the population had
not been reached with the initial two-dose vaccination
schedule.

2000 700 GA. Evolution of daily
1800 COVID-19 cases and
00 hospitalised patients
1600 in Spain.
Source: Our World
1400 500 in Data
1200
400
1000
800 300
600 200
400
100 — @ Inpatients
200 (right axis)
0.0 0.0 Daily cases
Dec. - 20 Mar, - 21 Jun, - 24 Sep. - 24 Dec. - 24

This left these countries vulnerable, and they were the
origin of variants of the virus that later spread globally,
such as Delta (India) or Omicron (South Africa). This last
variant was the cause of a new wave of global infections
in the final stretch of 2021, which brought the number of

new daily cases detected to the highest levels of the entire
pandemic, although the pressure on the health system
remained more contained at the end of the year than in
previous waves.

Economic and financial background 45


--- Page 32 ---

Inflation has surprised on the upside and has
reached high levels in many countries.

Economic activity
and inflation

Global economic developments have been generally
favourable in 2021, with developed countries standing
out on the positive side. This has been due to the positive
effects of the increased control of the pandemic, the reo-
pening of economies and the high fiscal stimulus intro-
duced. The latest contagion waves had a limited impact
on demand. In contrast, zero COVID-19 policies in Asia
- mainly in China - partially paralysed production and
transport processes, affecting international production
chains.

In the Eurozone, GDP will have grown by around
5.0% in 2021, around pre-COVID levels. In addition to
the vaccination campaign, activity has been supported by
favourable financing conditions and the expansionary fis-
cal policy stance, which has been helped by the implemen-
tation of the Next Generation EU (NGEU) programme.
For their part, problems in global production chains and
waves of contagion limited economic growth. In the polit-
ical sphere, the arrival in power in Italy of M. Draghi, for-
mer president of the European Central Bank (ECB), and

the formation in Germany of a new coalition government
made up of the SPD, the Greens and the Liberals, with
amore constructive approach to European integration
than the previous government, stood out. In the United
Kingdom, the economy also showed strong growth for the
year as a whole, with the labour market and the real estate
sector performing particularly well. Brexit accentuated
the disruptions to supply chains caused by the pandemic.
Following the trade agreement reached at the end of 2020
between the UK and the European Union (EU), tensions
over the part affecting the Northern Ireland protocol
required some relaxation of the terms of the agreement.
The issues surrounding this protocol have not been
resolved. In the United States, the extraordinary support
from fiscal and monetary policy allowed the economy

to experience a robust recovery and activity to return to
the pre-COVID level in the second quarter. On the fiscal
front, a new stimulus package was approved in the first
quarter, equivalent to almost 9 % of GDP and including,
among other things, direct aid to households and small
businesses. Subsequently, the focus was put on promoting
investment in infrastructure in order to boost potential
growth.

The Spanish economy has shown a favourable
evolution, with the number of employed persons
above the pre-crisis level.

In Spain, GDP will have grown by around 5% in 2021,
after falling by more than 10% in the previous year. In
the early part of the year, the economy showed weakness
due to the restrictive measures taken to combat the third
wave of COVID. The situation subsequently improved
with the advancement of the vaccination process and the
progressive opening of the economy. In the latter part

of the year, rising energy prices, bottlenecks in global
value chains and the spread of the Omicron variant of
the coronavirus limited activity growth. With regard

to the labour market, employment evolved favourably
throughout the year and returned to pre-pandemic
levels. In the area of economic policy, measures were
approved in March to strengthen the solvency of com-
panies to the tune of 11 billion euros (direct aid, aid for

the restructuring of guaranteed financial debt and the
creation of an SME recapitalisation fund). In the middle
of the year, the European Commission (EC) approved
Spain’s Recovery Plan associated with the NGEU funds,
from which it expects to receive around 70 billion euros
in the form of transfers in the coming years. Finally, the
new labour reform, which incorporates a new system of
permanent Spanish furlough scheme (ERTE) and aims to
limit temporary employment, stands out. There was also
areform of the pension system, from which the CPI is
again used as the revaluation mechanism and incentives
are introduced to delay the retirement age.

46 Economic, business and regulatory environment


--- Page 33 ---

105

G2 Effective affiliation

102.4 (without ERTE) to
Social Security in
100 Ve SO Spain.
February 2020 = 100.
Source: Ministry of
95 Inclusion, Social
\ Security and Migration
90
85
80 V
75
Feb. - 20 Jul. - 20 Dec. - 20 May - 21 Oct. - 21

In emerging economies, some countries recovered
pre-COVID GDP levels - including some Latin Ameri-
can countries - after China did so as early as the end of
2020. If anything, economic developments in many of
these countries have been weak. This is because of poorer
health conditions, the impact of the pandemic on the
global tourism sector, the reduced capacity to perpetuate
economic stimulus in these countries, and the impact in
terms of poverty and inequality. Moreover, in the case

of China, consumption has remained weak due to zero
COVID-19 policies, compounded by the negative impact
of the adjustment of the real estate sector and the regu-
latory tightening promoted by the authorities and aimed
at reducing economic and financial imbalances. Faced
with the threat that these developments could systemi-
cally affect the Chinese economy, and given the signifi-
cant slowdown in the last part of the year, the authorities
adopted a laxer discourse with the aim of “stabilising” the
economy by 2022. Finally, Mexico has stood out positively
for its low fiscal, financial and socio-political vulnerabili-
ties compared to other Latin American countries, as well
as for its high linkages with the United States.

Inflation became increasingly important in 2021. It
surprised on the upside and reached very high levels in
some cases. The price increase was the result of several
forces. First, the rapid recovery in demand, channelled
toa greater extent towards the purchase of goods, met
with a relatively inelastic supply and difficulties to adjust,
leading to the emergence of bottlenecks in some sectors
(e.g., shipping and semiconductors). On the other hand,
supply disruptions caused by production shutdowns in
Asia, labour shortages in some areas (e.g., logistics and
primary sector) and certain weather events led to supply
problems and contributed to price increase. Finally, the
contribution of commodities to inflation is noteworthy,
having experienced the largest increase in commodity
prices in 40 years. In the second part of the year, Europe
experienced an energy shock due to high energy demand
and geopolitical issues. As a result, the price of natural
gas in Europe reached historically unprecedented levels.

Meanwhile, oil stood out with a 50% increase per annum,
the strongest gain since 2016, while industrial metals had
their best performance since the financial crisis. Agri-
cultural commodities also recorded decade-high gains,
boosting global food prices.

In the Eurozone, inflation rose almost constantly
throughout 2021 and the Harmonised Index of Consumer
Prices (HICP) stood at 5.0% in December, the highest
rate since the beginning of the series in 1997. Most of
the increase was explained by the energy component, as
aresult of the sharp rise in the price of natural gas. The
reversal of the VAT cut in Germany was also a contrib-
uting factor in keeping inflation at elevated levels. The
underlying component also increased, albeit to a lesser
extent. In Spain, the increase in inflation was also strong-
ly determined by energy and, in particular, by the increase
in electricity prices. Electricity accounted for about 40%
of the increase in the HICP in 2021 and drove it to the
highest rates since 1992 (Dec-21: 6.6% year-on-year). In
the United States, inflation in December was at a 40-year
high. Inflationary pressures have been very broadly based
by item, with some of the most persistent effects such as
rents standing out. In addition, significant wage pressures
have started to emerge as a result of labour shortages.

Economic and financial background 47


--- Page 34 ---

G3_HICP for Spain (year-on-
year change in %).

Source: Spanish National
Statistics Institute.

@ HICP
Underlying HICP

Dec. - 19 Jun. - 20 Dec. - 20

Monetary policy

Jun. - 21

Dec. - 21

The context of higher inflation has led to a shift
in the monetary policy of central banks.

The major central banks have maintained an accommo-
dative monetary policy, although they have started to
move forward with their exit strategy from the stimulus
measures implemented during the pandemic, espe-
cially in the second half of the year in the high inflation
environment.

In the Eurozone, the ECB reduced the pace of asset
purchases through the PEPP (a programme implement-
ed during the pandemic) and confirmed that it will end
in March 2022. Following the end of the PEPP, the ECB
will temporarily increase traditional Quantitative Easing
(QE). The Bank also signalled that the special conditions
applied to TLTRO III (minimum rate of -1.00%) will not
be extended beyond June 2022. With regard to infla-
tion, the central bank has maintained that its increase
is temporary, although the growing concern was seen
among its members. The ECB has thus insisted that it is
unlikely to raise interest rates in 2022. Finally, the central
bank presented its new monetary policy strategy. The
ECB adopted a medium-term inflation target of 2% and
acknowledged that it may temporarily allow for moder-
ately higher inflation. It set a symmetrical target, which
means that the ECB considers “negative and positive
deviations of inflation from 2% to be equally undesirable”.
The central bank also indicated that financial stability is a
precondition for price stability.

In the United States, the Federal Reserve (Fed), hav-
ing met its inflation target and given the robust recovery
of the labour market, started tapering its asset purchases
in November. Moreover, it announced an acceleration of
the rate hike at its last meeting of the year and went on to
forecast three rate hikes in 2022 and a total of eight by the
end of 2024. All this in a context in which the Fed stopped

describing inflation as a “transitory” phenomenon.
In the United Kingdom, the Bank of England (BoE)
raised its benchmark interest rate in December by 15 ba-
sis points to 0.25%, in response to a significant increase in
inflation and a tightening labour market. In addition, the
BoE completed the implementation of its asset purchase
programme in December. Finally, it announced that
it will stop reinvesting the maturities of its asset pro-
gramme when the policy rate reaches 0.50% and that it
will start active sales when the policy rate reaches 1.00%.
In emerging countries, rate increases were aggressive
and widespread, at rates of more than 100 basis points
in some countries. This was a response to the increase in
inflation and fears of a de-anchoring of inflation expec-
tations. In the case of Mexico, the central bank raised
the official rate by 150 basis points in total, accelerating
the pace of hikes in the final part of the year to 5.50%. In
some countries (¢.g., Chile, Brazil), official rates ended the
year clearly above pre-COVID levels. The main exceptions
to this policy were China, where the authorities adopted a
laxer tone in the face of the economic downturn, and Tur-
key, where the central bank cut the policy rate, ignoring
rising inflation.

48 Economic, business and regulatory environment


--- Page 35 ---

Financial markets

Global financial markets have continued to be supported
by the economic measures implemented by the various
authorities following the outbreak of the COVID-19 crisis,
the implementation of the vaccination process and the
economic recovery. Against this backdrop of lax financial
conditions and increased pandemic control, risk assets
generally performed well, and corporate spreads closed
the year at levels close to or below those prior to the out-
break of the COVID-19 crisis. On the negative side, some
Asian markets stood out in the face of increased regula-
tory scrutiny of some sectors by the Chinese authorities
and problems in the Chinese real estate sector. Moreover,
some vulnerabilities of capital markets were highlighted,
such as reduced liquidity and depth in some markets at
times of heightened uncertainty or excessive risk-taking,
as evidenced, for example, by a high use of derivatives by
retail investors.

1.4

Long-term government bonds in major developed
countries experienced significant increases in 2021 (78
basis points in the UK, 60 basis points in the US and 39
basis points in Germany) on the back of the vaccination
process, a higher inflation environment, central banks’
pivoting and market recalibration of expectations of
official interest rate hikes. Uncertainty caused by variants
of the delta and omicron viruses and problems in China’s
real estate sector put a brake on the upward movement
in profitability. Interest rates ended the year at levels still
low by historical standards (1.51% in the US, -0.18% in
Germany and 0.97% in the UK).

Periphery sovereign risk premiums ended 2021 at
somewhat higher levels than the previous year, as the
market recalibrated on future rate hikes by the ECB and
the confirmation that the PEPP will end in March 2022.
In any case, they remained at contained levels, supported
by the ECB’s asset purchases, the launch of the NGEU, the
arrival of Mr Draghi in the Italian government and the
upgrades to Italy’s debt rating.

1.2

G4 Spanish 10-year
government bonds. In %.

Source: Bloomberg.

1.0 |
oh

0.4

0.2

0.0

0.2

Dec -19 Jun - 20 Dec - 20

With regard to the currencies of developed countries, the
dollar was particularly strong, appreciating by almost 7%
against the euro. This occurred against a backdrop of un-
even and mismatched economic recovery due to vaccine
shortages and the reduced capacity of emerging countries
to procure vaccines. In addition, the new COVID-19
variants continued to raise fears in the markets about the
impact they could have on the economic recovery. Finally,
and especially from the summer onwards, the dollar was
supported by the Fed's less accommodative tone and the
prospect of greater divergence of its monetary policy
compared to that of the ECB. The GBP, in its cross against
the euro, appreciated by almost 6%. The rapid progress of
the British vaccination programme, as well as the attitude
and actions of the BoE, contributed to this. Tensions over
Brexit and the Northern Ireland protocol possibly pre-
vented further appreciation.

Economic and financial background

Jun -

21 Dec - 21

49


--- Page 36 ---

1.24

1.22

G5 USD/EUR.
Source: Bloomberg.

1.20

1.18

mM gt

oat |
~ V rm
1.08
1.06
Dec - 18 Dec -19 Dec - 20 Dec - 21

Equity markets in developed countries performed posi-
tively, supported by accommodative central banks and the
economic recovery. Most European and US stock market
indices ended the year with gains of between 15% and
30%, in many cases reaching new all-time highs. Despite
widespread gains in the main indices, sectoral differenti-
ation continued to exist, with those most affected by the
pandemic performing even worse in relative terms. The
IBEX 35 lagged behind, rising only 8% and still trading at
levels below pre-pandemic levels.
In financial markets of emerging countries, sovereign
risk premia moved upwards, especially in the last part
of the year, in a context in which the relative position of
these economies was evidenced by their weaker relative
position: (i) the reduced control of the pandemic; (ii)
aggressive interest rate hikes, which may threaten the
incipient economic recovery; (iii) economic and financial
weaknesses in China; and (iv) fiscal and/or financial vul-
nerabilities in emerging countries such as Brazil or Tur-
key. In addition, profitability on domestic debt rebounded
and, with the exception of the yuan, currencies tended to
depreciate, most notably the Turkish lira, which lost more
than 4.0% of its value against the dollar.

Banking sector environment

Banking sector

The global banking sector has proved resilient to the
COVID-19 crisis. Banks have remained well capital-

ised after the pandemic in aggregate terms. In major
developed economies, the CET! capital ratio would,
according to the authorities, remain above the regulatory
minimums, even in an adverse scenario. The favourable
solvency situation and the reduced uncertainty regard-
ing COVID-19 have led the Fed, the ECB and the BoE to
allow banks to pay dividends and buy back shares again,
after not being allowed to do so after the outbreak of the
pandemic. The profitability of the banking sector has re-
covered to pre-pandemic levels, although it has remained
at structurally low levels. In terms of liquidity, the TLTRO
III have provided important support and have contribut-
ed to supporting lending to the real economy.

In this crisis, NPLs have not behaved as usual in a re-
cessionary cycle, thanks, among other things, to the swift
and decisive response of economic policy. The aggregate
NPA ratio in the Eurozone declined in the first half of the
year to 2.4% and the inflow of loans on special surveil-
lance (stage 2) has been moderate during the year. Despite
the resilience of asset quality, the sectors most affected by
the pandemic, such as accommodation and catering and
leisure, have seen the most significant deterioration. On
the other hand, the pace of provisioning has moderated
after the effort made in 2020, although the authorities
have continued to advise caution. In any case, the release
of provisions has been heterogeneous across countries
and institutions, with Spanish, Italian and French banks
being the most cautious. The impact in terms of non-per-
forming loans with moratoriums or public guarantees has
been limited.

Regarding the Spanish banking sector, the Bank
of Spain (BdE) has pointed out that the pandemic has
confirmed the need to address the sector's structural
challenges: (i) the generation of profitable turnover ina

50 Economic, business and regulatory environment


--- Page 37 ---

The global banking sector has proved
resilient to the COVID-19 crisis and has
been recovering gradually in 2021.

low interest rate environment; (ii) increasing competition
from technology companies; (iii) increasing cyber risks;
and (iv) potential negative effects associated with climate
risks.

Financial stability and macro-
prudential policy

Over the course of 2021, financial authorities have stated
that global financial stability risks have been diminish-
ing thanks to the economic recovery. In any case, they
argue that these risks remain elevated and centred on the
incomplete recovery of some sectors, the persistence of
global bottlenecks, an increase in inflation, high public
and private debt levels, tight asset valuations and in-
creased risk-taking by the non-bank financial sector.

The COVID-19 crisis has shown that the significant
growth of the non-bank financial sector in recent years
and the absence of regulation have led to a build-up of vul-
nerabilities in this sector. These structural vulnerabilities
and the interconnections between the non-bank financial
sector and the banking sector pose a risk to financial
stability. This has led the main global and European
regulatory authorities to focus during 2021 on developing
the regulatory and macroprudential framework for the
non-bank financial sector, focusing on liquidity, maturity,
leverage and risk management duration.

In Europe, the authorities have begun to voice their
concern about the dynamism of the real estate market in
some countries. In the residential segment, this con-
cern has been focused on countries with pre-pandemic
vulnerabilities in that sector (e.g., Germany), and in the
commercial segment the focus has been on the lack of
recovery of lower quality assets. In this context, the ECB
has recommended that national authorities adopt mac-
ro-prudential policies in the real estate sector. The Bank
of England, meanwhile, has indicated that it will evaluate
the possible withdrawal of one of the restrictive measures
on mortgage loans in place since 2014.

COVID-19 has been a challenge for macro-prudential
policy, which has also complemented fiscal and mone-
tary policies. Once the outlook for economic recovery has
turned favourable, several European macroprudential
authorities have signalled their intention to start rebuild-
ing the released capital buffers. The Bank of England has
confirmed that it will increase the counter-cyclical capital
buffer (CCyB) from 0% to 1% by the end of 2022, to provide
room for manoeuvre in case downside risks crystallise and
the economy needs support from the financial sector. In

France, the financial stability authority has indicated that
normalisation of the CCyB could start soon, while in Spain
it has remained at 0%, because the BdE considers that
cyclical systemic vulnerabilities are not increasing.

Still in Spain, the BdE has developed three new mac-
roprudential tools for credit institutions aimed at mitigat-
ing systemic risk, which can be activated as of 2022: (i)
sectoral component of the counter-cyclical capital buffer;
(ii) sectoral concentration limits; and (iii) lending limits
and conditions.

Banking Union and Capital
Markets Union

Progress in terms of European integration has been lim-
ited in 2021, in a context of an election year in Germany.
However, the new German government has been more
open to moving forward with the completion of the Bank-
ing Union and the Capital Markets Union (CMU).

Access to European primary capital markets contin-
ued to expand in the first half of 2021, although the secu-
ritisation market has shrunk over the past three years. In
parallel, the EC has adopted a legislative package includ-
ing measures in the context of the CMU action plan pre-
sented in 2020. The main objectives are to improve access
to finance for SMEs, expand investment opportunities for
retail investors and enhance capital market integration.

Regulatory environment and
supervision

In the second year of COVID-19, the authorities have been
returning to regulatory and supervisory normality. High-
lights include: (i) the start of the process, in October, for
the transposition of Basel III into European regulation;
(ii) the end of restrictions on the distribution of dividends
and share buybacks by banks in the main developed econ-
omies; and (iii) the return to stress testing of the banking
sector.

The authorities and the industry have been engaged
throughout 2021 in ensuring that the transition of
benchmark indices, following the cessation of publication
of much of Libor and Eonia on 31 December, would not
cause disruption in financial markets. In addition, it has
been confirmed that the Libor benchmark administrator
is to publish in 2022 the 1, 3 and 6-month sterling and
Japanese yen Libor with synthetic methodology based on

Banking sector environment. 51


--- Page 38 ---

F&O risk-free rates. These six Libor adjustments will only
be available for use in some existing (legacy) contracts
and not for use in new contracts.

Brexit

On Brexit, limited progress has been made following the
signing of the MoU (Memorandum of Understanding) in
early 2021. The EU has maintained a position that equiv-
alence in financial regulation will be maintained, while
the UK has assumed that there will be no more ambitious
deal and has begun to look at the possible review of its
regulation, as well as increasing the focus on becoming a
green and digital hub.

Challenges for the banking
sector

In terms of sustainability, both market and regulatory
scrutiny of the banking sector’s incorporation of climate
risks has continued to increase. At the same time, the
development of the sustainable finance regulatory frame-
work has continued, with a focus, for the time being, on
disclosure. Thus, the financial sector will have to deal
with the implementation ofa significant amount of new
regulation related to sustainable finance in the coming
years. The adoption of the taxonomy of environmentally
sustainable activities was an important milestone for the
EU in 2021, as will be the completion of the ECB’s climate
stress test in 2022. With regard to Spain, the approval

of the Climate Change and Energy Transition Law has
reinforced the country’s decarbonisation strategy and
increased climate information requirements for the
financial sector.

The pandemic has accelerated the processes of
digitalisation, giving rise to several focus points. On the
one hand, the entry of Bigtech into financial services is
leading the banking sector to insist on regulation ac-
cording to the principle of “same activity, same risk, same
regulation”. For their part, there is a widespread view that
crypto-asset technologies have great disruptive potential
and that, although they do not pose a systemic risk for
the time being, their rapid growth means that efforts to
regulate them need to be accelerated. Finally, authorities
and the financial industry have warned that cyber-attacks
have increased in both frequency and sophistication as a
consequence of increasing digitalisation.

Outlook for 2022

Favourable global economic developments are to be
expected in 2022 in a context where COVID-19 should
continue to lose its centrality as a determining factor for
economic activity and financial markets.

Inflation could remain elevated in the coming months,
influenced by aspects such as the remaining disruptions
in global production chains and energy prices. Greater
control of the pandemic should alleviate some of the infla-
tionary pressures.

In policy terms, central banks can be expected to
move forward with their exit strategy. The Fed is expected
to implement several rates hikes this year, while the ECB
may wait a little longer.

Regarding financial markets, relatively loose financial
conditions are expected to prevail. In any case, there may
be occasional bouts of volatility in the face of upside risks
to inflation and central banks’ pivoting.

In Spain, the economy is also expected to perform well
on the back of the progressive control of the pandemic, the
use of European NGEU funds and a still low interest rate
environment.

Within the financial environment, progress is expect-
ed on the global regulatory framework for crypto-as-
set-related activities.

52 Economic, business and regulatory environment


--- Page 39 ---

Financial information

54 Key figures in 2021

55 _ Profit/(loss) for the year
59 Balance sheet

65 Liquidity management
67 Capital management


--- Page 40 ---

Key figures
in 2021

The Group’s main figures, including key financial and

non-financial indicators, are presented below:

Year-on-year

2021 2020 change (%)
Income statement (million euro) (A)
Net interest income 3,425 3,399 08
Gross income 5,026 5,302 (5.2)
Pre-provisions income 1,719 1,841 (6.6)
Profit attributable to the Group 530 2 =
Balance sheet (million euro) (B)
Total assets 251,947 235,763 6.9
Gross performing loans to customers 154,912 146,878 5.5
Gross loans to customers 160,668 152,265 5.5
On-balance sheet customer funds 162,020 150,778 75
Mutual funds 24,593 21,366 15.1
Pension funds and insurance brokerage 13,289 13,401 (0.8)
Funds under management and third-party funds 224,968 209,748 7.3
Offbalance sheet customer funds 41,678 38,064 9.5
Total customer funds 203,698 188,843 7.9
Equity 12,996 12,492 4.0
Shareholders’ equity 13,357 12,944 3.2
Ratios (%) (c)
ROA 0.22 0.00
RORWA 0.66 0.00
ROE 4.05 0.02
ROTE 5.05 0.02
Costto-income 55.33 55.41
Risk management (D)
Stage 3 exposures (million euro) 6,203 5,808
Total NPAs exposures (million euro) 7,565 7,182
NPL ratio (%) 3.65 3.60
NPL coverage ratio of stage 3 with total 56.3 56.5

provisions (%)
NPA coverage ratio (%) 53.1 52.6
Capital management (E)
Riskweighted assets (RWA) (million euro) 80,646 78,858
Common Equity Tier 1 (phase-in) (%) @ 12.50 12.57
Tier 1 (phase-in) (%) (2) 15.47 14.03
Total capital ratio (ohase-in)(%) @) 17.98 16.14
Leverage ratio (phase-in) (%) 5.90 5.25
Liquidity management (F)
Loan-to-deposit ratio (%) 96.3 97.6
Shareholders and shares (as of reporting date) (6)
Number of shareholders 228,432 244,225
Average number of shares (million) 5,586 5,582
Share price (euro) 0.592 0.354
Market capitalisation (million euro) 3,306 1,976
Earnings (or loss) per share (EPS) (euros) 0.08 (0.01)
Book value per share (euro) 2.39 2.32
Price/Book value 0.25 0.45
Price/Earnings ratio (P/E) 7.69 (27.75)
Other information
Branches 1,593 2,083
Employees 20,070 23,458

(A) This section sets out key margins from the income statement for the last two years.

(B) This table of key figures provides an overview of year-on-year changes in the main items in the Group's consolidated balance sheet, focusing particularly on loans and advances and

customer funds.

(C) The ratios in this section of the table have been included to give a meaningful picture of profitability and the cost-to-income ratio in the last two years.

(D) This section gives some key balances and ratios related to the Group's risk management.

(E) The ratios in this section of the table have been included to give a meaningful picture of the solvency in the last two years.

(F) This section gives a meaningful picture of liquidity performance in the last two years.

(G) This section provides data on the share price and other stock market ratios and indicators.

(4) Core capital / Risk weighted assets (RWA).
(2) Tier 1 capital / Risk weighted assets (RWA).
(3) Total capital/Risk weighted assets (RWA).


--- Page 41 ---

Profit/(loss) for the year

Banco Sabadell Group generated attributable
profit of 530 million euro at the close

of the 2021 financial year, of which 118 million

euro at TSB, which continues to

make a positive contribution to the Group.

Million euro

Year-on-year
2021 2020 change (%)
Interest income 4,148 4,324 (4.1)
Interest expenses (722) (925) (21.9)
Net interest income 3,425 3,399 0.8
Fees and commissions (net) 1,468 1,350 87
Core revenues 4,893 4,749 3.0
Net trading income and exchange 344 800 (57.0)
differences
Equity-accounted income and dividends 102 37 174.9
Other operating income and expenses (313) (284) 10.1
Gross income 5,026 5,302 (5.2)
Operating expenses (2,781) (2,938) (5.4)
Staff expenses (1,777) (1,885) (5.7)
Other general administrative expenses (1,004) (1,054) (4.7)
Depreciation and amortisation (527) (523) 0.6
Total costs (3,307) (3,461) (4.4)
Memorandum item:
Recurrent costs (2,988) (3,058) (2.3)
Non-recurrent costs. (320) (403) (20.7)
Pre-provisions income 4,719 1,841 (6.6)
Provisions for loan losses (950) (1,832) (48.4)
Provisions for other financial assets (97) (188) (48.7)
Other provisions and impairments (178) (254) (30.4)
Gains on sale of assets and other results 126 313 (59.7)
Profit/(loss) before tax 620 (121) -
Corporation tax (81) 124 =
Profit or loss attributed to minority interests 8 1 (88.9)
Profit attributable to the Group 530 2 (99.7)
Memorandum item:
Average total assets 245,313 227,639 78
Earnings per share (EUR) 0.08 (0.01) =

The average exchange rate used for TSB’s income statement is 0.8594 (0.8888 in 2020).

Income statement

The core result (net interest income + net fees and
commissions - recurring costs) grew 12.6%.

Profit/(loss) for the year

or

a


--- Page 42 ---

Net interest income

Net interest income in 2021 totalled 3,425 million euros,
up 0.8% year-on-year, supported mainly by the growth in
volumes, notably the increase in TSB’s mortgage portfolio,
higher revenues from TLTRO III, higher remuneration
charged on corporate deposits, as well as the lower cost of
capital markets, which neutralised the lower contribution
from the ALCO portfolio following the sales in the previ-
ous year and the lower yields.
As a result, the return on average total assets was

1.40% in 2021

(1.49% in 2020).

Average total assets

Thousand euro

2021 2020 Change Effect
Average Profit Rate Average Profit Rate] Average —_—Profit/ Rate Volume —_ Days
balance —/(loss)_—(%) balance /(loss) —(%)| _—_balance (loss)

Cash, central 48,693,390 (124,460) (0.26) | 32,280,072 (3,770) (0.01)] 16,413,318 (120,690) (90,715) (29,954) (24)

banks and cred}

it institutions

Loans and 152,176,194 3,513,182 2.31 |144,206,662 3,627,861 2.52] 7,969,532 (114,679)| (303,945) 195,793 (6,527)

advances to

customers

Fixed-income 24,991,737 154,224 0.62 | 27,820,680 257,321 0.92] (2,828,893) (103,097)| (86,973) (15,360) (764)

portfolio

Subtotal 225,861,321 3,542,946 1.57 |204,307,364 3,881,412 1.90) 21,553,957 (338,466) |(481,633) 150,479 (7,312)

Equity portfolio | 1,044,020 —  —| 1,009,488 —  —-| 34,532 = — = =

Property, plant 5,178,470 —  —| 5,406,276 —  —| (227,806) = = = =

and equipment

and intangible

assets

Other assets 13,229,640 39,565 0.30 | 16,915,746 159,052 0.94] (3,686,106) (119,487) — (119,487) —

Total capital 245,313,451 3,582,511 1.46 [227,638,874 4,040,464 1.77| 17,674,577 (457,953) |(481,633) 30,992 (7,312)

employed

Central banks | 38,104,600 280,623 0.74 | 28,776,209 116,074 0.40] 9,328,391 164,549] 88,413 76,335 (199)

and credit

institutions

Customer de- [162,748,792 (87,596) (0.05) [152,494,537 (223,340) (0.15)/ 10,254,255 135,714] 150,135 (14,976) 555

posits

Capital markets | 22,776,801 (265,876) (1.17) | 23,928,673 (310,324) (4.30)| (1,151,872) 44,448] 35,742 7,843 863

Subtotal 223,630,193 (72,849) (0.03) |205,199,419 (417,560) (0.20)/ 18,430,774 344,711) 274,290 69,202 1,219

Other liabilities | 8,953,529 (84,206) (0.94) | 9,621,529 (223,788) (2.33)| (668,000) 139,582 — 139,582 =

Own funds 12,729,729 —  —] 12,817,926 —  —| (88,197) = = = =

Total funds 245,313,451 (157,055) (0.06) |227,638,874 (641,348) (0.28)/ 17,674,577 484,293) 274,290 208,784 1,219

Average total /245,313,451 3,425,456 1.40 [227,638,874 3,399,116 1.49|17,674,577 26,340 (207,343) 239,776 (6,093)

assets

Financial revenues or costs deriving from the application of negative interest rates are recognised as a function of the nature of the related asset or liability. The credit institutions line
under liabilities refers to negative interest on the balance of liabilities with credit institutions, the most significant item being TLTRO II and TLTRO Ill revenues.

Financial information


--- Page 43 ---

2.28 2.29

2.25 2.24 2.23
oo + ” ° e
1.45 1.43 1.39 1.40 1.36
4920 1921 2921 3Q21 4Q21

2.37
2.37 2.31 2.28 2.28
o—__#+-
° ° e
0.09 0.08 0.06 0.04 0.05
4920 1921 2921 3Q21 4Q21

Gross income

Dividends received and results of companies accounted for using the equity
method totalled 102 million euros, compared to 37 million euros in 2020,
after recording higher results from renewable energy-related investees, which
explains the variation with the previous year.

Net fees and commissions reached a figure of 1,468 million euros, repre-
senting an 8.7% growth year-on-year, mainly due to the good performance of
commissions from services as well as asset management.

Gains on financial operations and exchange differences amounted to 344
million euros and mainly included 324 million euros of capital gains generat-
ed in September from the sale of the ALCO portfolio classified in the portfolio
at amortised cost to finance the second phase of the efficiency plan in Spain.
The year-end 2020 amounted to 800 million euros, as it also included sales of
the portfolio at amortised cost to finance efficiency plans and part of the sales
of NPAs portfolios in the previous year.

Other operating income and expenses amounted to 313 million euros,
compared with 284 million euros in 2020. Of particular note under this head-
ing are the contributions to the Deposit Guarantee Fund of 129 million euros
(123 million euros in the previous year), the contribution to the Single Reso-
lution Fund of 88 million euros (78 million euros in the previous year) and the
payment of the tax on deposits at credit institutions (IDEC) of 33 million euros
(32 million euros in the previous year).

Profit/(loss) for the year

Quarterly evolution of net
interest income (%)

‘ Customer spread

Interest margin on ATM

Quarterly evolution of
customer spread (%)

Customer credit performance
Cost of customer deposits

57


--- Page 44 ---

Pre-provisions income

Total costs in 2021 amounted to 3,307 million euros, including 301 million
euros of non-recurring costs arising from the second phase of the efficiency
plan implemented in Spain in the third quarter of 2021 and 19 million euros
from the closure of TSB’s branches. Recurring costs represent a reduction of
2.3%, compared with the previous year, due to the improvement in personnel
expenses, reflecting the savings from the first phase of the efficiency plan in
Spain, as well as the reduction in TSB’s general overheads. Total costs in 2020
totalled 3,461 million euros, of which 403 million euros related to non-recur-
ring items, mainly 314 million euros related to the Spanish cost restructuring
plan and 89 million euros of restructuring costs at TSB.

Staff expenses Other general Staff and general
administrative expenses (milion euro)
expenses
1,885
1,777
1,054 4,004
2020 2021 2020 2021

The cost-to-income ratio stood in 2021 to 55.3%, from 55.4% in 2020.

At the end of 2021, core profit (net interest income + net fees and commis-
sions - recurring costs) was 1,905 million euros, 12.6% higher year-on-year as
aresult of the improvement in net interest income and the good performance
of commissions, as well as cost savings.

Provisions and impairments totalled 1,225 million euros, compared with
2,275 million euros in 2020. The improvement in the year is mainly due to
the fact that the previous year incorporated provisions from the COVID-19
environment which had a direct impact of around 650 million euros and pro-
visions from the sales of NPA portfolios.

Profit from the sale of assets and other results stand at 126 million euros at
2021 year-end, mainly including 83 million euros from the sale of the deposi-
tory business and 42 million euros from the sale of Bansabadell Renting. The
previous year mainly incorporated the valuation gain from the sale of Sabadell
Asset Management of 293 million euros.

58 Financial information


--- Page 45 ---

Profit attributable to the Group
After income tax and the portion of the result corresponding to minority inter-
ests, net profit attributable to the Group would be 530 million euros at the end

of 2021, a strong year-on-year growth mainly due to the improvement in the
core revenues, the reduction in costs and the lower provisions recorded.

Balance sheet

Good performance of outstanding loans in
the year supported by positive trends
in all segments in Spain and the increase
in TSB’s mortgage portfolio.

Positive evolution of customer funds, both
on and off-balance sheet, supported by growth in
demand deposits and mutual funds, respectively.

Balance sheet


--- Page 46 ---

Million euro

2021 2020 —_Year-on-year
change (%)
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits 49,213 35,185 39.9
Financial assets held for trading 1,972 2,679 (26.4)
Non+trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 80 114 (30.3)
profit or loss
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 6,870 6,677 2.9
Financial assets at amortised cost 178,869 174,488 2.5
Debt securities 15,190 18,091 (16.0)
Loans and advances 163,679 156,397 47
Investments in joint ventures and associates 639 780 (18.4)
Tangible assets 2,777 3,200 (13.2)
Intangible assets 2,581 2,596 (0.6)
Other assets 8,946 10,044 (20.9)
Total assets 251,947 235,763 69
Financial liabilities held for trading 1,380 2,654 (48.0)
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 235,179 217,391 8.2
Deposits 209,307 193,234 8.3
Central banks 38,250 31,881 20.0
Credit institutions 8,817 10,083 (12.6)
Customers 162,239 151,270 7.3
Debt securities issued 21,051 20,413 34
Other financial liabilities 4,822 3,743 28.8
Provisions 886 984 (9.9)
Other liabilities 1,505 2,244 (32.9)
Total liabilities 238,950 223,272 7.0
Shareholders’ equity 13,357 12,944 3.2
Accumulated other comprehensive income (386) (524) (26.4)
Non-controlling interests 25 72 (65.4)
Equity 12,996 12,492 4.0
Total equity and total liabilities 251,947 235,763 69
Loan commitments provided 28,403 29,295 (3.0)
Financial guarantees provided 2,034 2,036 (0.1)
Other commitments provided 7,385 7,595 (2.8)
Total memorandum accounts 37,822 38,926 (2.8)

The EUR/GBP exchange rate used for the balance sheet is 0.8403 as of 31 December 2021.

Gross performing loans to customers amounted to 154,912 million euros at
2021 year-end, a 5.5% year-on-year increase. The largest component of gross
loans to customers was mortgage loans and credit, which amounted to 90,718
million euros as of 31 December 2021 and accounted for 59% of total gross

performing loans to customers.

60 Financial information

Balance sheet


--- Page 47 ---

Million euro

2021 2020 Year-on-year
change (%)
Mortgage loans & credit 90,718 83,573 85
Loans and credit secured with other 3,596 3,698 (2.8)
collateral
Commercial loans 6,050 4,994 21.2
Finance leases 2,106 2,234 (5.6)
Overdrafts, etc. 52,443 52,386 0.4
Gross performing loans to customers 154,912 146,878 5.5
Assets classified as stage 3 5,698 5,320 7A
(customers)
Accruals 58 3 =
Gross loans to customers, excluding 160,668 152,201 5.6
repos
Repos = 63 (200.0)
Gross loans to customers 160,668 152,265 5.5
NPL and country-risk provisions (3,302) (3,081) 7.2
Loans and advances to customers 157,366 149,183 5.5

The EUR/GBP exchange rate used for the balance sheet is 0.8403 as of 31 December 2021.

The composition of loans and advances to customers by type of product is
shown in the following chart (excluding stage 3 assets and accruals):

345

Loans and advances to customers by
product type
31.12.2021 (in %)

ry
a
©

Mortgage loans & credit

2  Overdrafts, etc. 34

3 Loans and credit secured 2
with other collateral

4 Commercial loans 4

5 Finance leases 1

Balance sheet

Loans and receivables

61


--- Page 48 ---

162,020 On-balance sheet
150,778 153,800 187345 187,930 customer funds

/ / : ;

4Q20 1921 2Q21 3Q21 4Q21

At 2021 year-end, on-balance sheet customer funds amounted to 162,020
million euros, a 7.5% increase on the figure of 150,778 million euros registered
at the end of 2020.

The total off-balance sheet customer funds amounted to 41.678 million
euros, representing a growth of 9.5% year-on-year due to the increase in
mutual funds, mainly supported by the higher volume of inflows. Off-balance
sheet customer funds were impacted by the sale of BancSabadell d’Andorra’s
balances.

The balance of sight deposits amounted to 147,268 million euros, 13.0%
higher than the previous year.

The breakdown of customer deposits at 2021 year-end is as follows:

Customer deposits (in %) (*)

1. Sight accounts 91
2 Deposits with agreed maturity 9

(*) Without adjustments for accruals or hedging.

Total funds under management and third-party funds amounted to 224,968
million euros as of 31 December 2021, i.e., 7.3% more than on 31 December
2020 (209,748 million euros), due to the aforementioned increase in off-bal-
ance and on-balance sheet customer funds.

62 Financial information


--- Page 49 ---

Million euro

Customer funds
Year-on-year
2021 2020 change (%)
On-balance sheet customer funds (*) 162,020 150,778 75
Customer deposits 162,239 151,270 7.3
Current and savings accounts 147,268 130,295 13.0
Deposits with agreed maturity 14,813 20,805 (28.8)
Repos 60 13 =
Accrual adjustments and hedging derivatives 98 157 (37.8)
Bonds and other marketable securities 16,822 17,540 (3.9)
Subordinated liabilities (**) 4,229 2,903 45.7
On-balance sheet funds 183,290 171,683 68
Mutual funds 24,593 21,366 15.1
Managed funds = 443 (100.0)
Investment companies 1,365 1,295 5.4
UCITS sold but not managed 23,228 19,627 18.3
‘Asset management 3,795 3,298 15.1
Pension funds 3,525 3,349 5.2
Personal schemes 2,300 2,173 58
Workplace schemes 1,219 1,165 46
Collective schemes 6 11 (45.0)
Insurance products sold 9,765 10,051 (2.9)
Off-balance sheet customer funds 41,678 38,064 95
Funds under management and third-party 224,968 209,748 73
funds
(*) Includes customer deposits (excl. repos) and other liabilities placed via the branch network: non-convertible bonds.
issued by Banco Sabadell, commercial paper and others.
(**) Refers to outstanding subordinated debt securities.
The EUR/GBP exchange rate used for the balance sheet is 0.8403 as of 31 December 2021.
The volume of NPAs increased in 2021. The quarter-on-quarter performance
of these assets in 2020 and 2021 is shown below:
Million euro
2021 2020
1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q 1Q 20 3Q 4Q
Net ordinary increase in balance of 415 1 139 287 71 361. (27) ~— (21)
stage 3 assets
Change in real estate assets 6 9) 3 (14) 125 150 60 (147)
Ordinary net increase in NPAs + real 420 (8) 142 276 196544. 33 (360)
estate
Write-offs 95 133 129 89 100 114 205 106
Ordinary quarter-on-quarter change 325 (142) 13 187 96 397 (172) (466)
in balance of stage 3 assets and
real estate

Because of the increase in stage 3 exposures, the NPL ratio reached 3.65% at
2021 year-end, up from 3.60% a year earlier (a 5-basis point increase). The
NPL coverage ratio of stage 3 with total provisions was 56.3% as of 31 Decem-
ber 2021, compared with 56.5% a year earlier, and non-performing real estate
coverage ratio stood at 38.2% at 2021 year-end (from 36.6% a year earlier).

At 31 December 2021, the stage 3 exposures of the Banco Sabadell Group
amounted to 6,203 million euros (including contingent risks). They have
increased by 395 million euros in 2022, including an increase of around
190 million euros in TSB’s mortgage portfolio due to changes in the criteria
applied to estimate which financial assets are to be classified as stage 3, with

Balance sheet

Evolution of NPAs

63


--- Page 50 ---

a further increase of approximately 150 million euros in Spain, mainly due to
adjustments between the agreement and the refinement of the perimeter of
assets included in the sale of portfolios of non-performing assets.

3.60 3.71 3.58 3.59 3.65

4Q20 1921 2Q21 3Q21 4Qq21

NPL ratio (*) (%)

(*) Calculated including contingent exposures.

The trend in the Group’s coverage ratios is shown in the next table:

Million euro
Evolution of the
2020 2021 group's coverage
19 2Q 3Q 4Q 1Q 2Q 3Q aq [atios
Exposures classified as stage 3 6,112 6,359 6,127 5,808 6,127 5,995 6,004 6,203
Total provisions 3,228 3,537 3,460 3,279 3,453 3,378 3,477 3,495
NPL coverage ratio of stage 3 52.8 55.6 56.5 56.5 56.4 56.4 57.9 56.3
with total provisions (%)
Stage 3 provisions 2,359 2,578 2,451 2,272 2,335 2,374 2,513 2,553
NPL coverage ratio of 38.6 40.5 40.0 39.1 38.1 39.6 41.9 41.2
stage 3 (%)
Non-performing real estate 1,310 1,460 1,520 1,373 1,379 1,370 1,373 1,362
assets
Provisions for non-performing 451 514 541 502 510 511 508 520
real estate assets
Non-performing real estate 34.4 35.2 35.6 36.6 37.0 37.3 37.0 38.2
coverage ratio (%)
Total non-performing assets 7,422 7,820 7,647 7,182 7,507 7,365 7,377 7,565
Provisions of non-performing 3,680 4,051 4,001 3,781 3,963 3,889 3,985 4,014
assets
NPA coverage ratio (%) 49.6 51.8 52.3 52.6 52.8 52.8 54.0 53.1

Includes contingent exposures.

64 Financial information


--- Page 51 ---

Liquidity management

Strong liquidity position of the group, with a

balanced retail funding structure.

During 2021, the commercial GAP shows a positive evolution driven by a
higher increase in customer funds than in lending. The volume of funding in
capital markets was maintained because of the need to fulfil the regulatory
requirements such as the MREL (Minimum Requirement for Own Funds

and Eligible Liabilities), which, because of the Bank’s credit rating, focused on

products with a lower cost for a given term. The Group’s loan-to-deposit (LTD)

ratio at 31 December 2021 was 96.3%.

The Bank took advantage of the various issuance windows to access the
capital markets at different times of the year, in a market subject to volatility
and spread widenings following the market closure experienced early in the
second quarter due to the impact of the coronavirus. Capital market deals
amounting to 2,556 million euros matured or were repaid early in the year.
Banco Sabadell issued mortgage ordinary, non-preferential bonds in capital
markets under its Fixed Income Programme for a total of 67 million euros.

In addition, under the EMTN Programme, Banco Sabadell made two issues

for a total amount of 1,000 million euros. On 15 January 2021, it issued Tier2

subordinated debt for an amount of 500 million euros and a maturity of 10.25

years with an early cancellation option in favour of Banco Sabadell in the fifth

year. In addition, on 16 June 2021, it issued an inaugural 7-year green non-pre-
ferred senior debt issue with an early redemption option in favour of Banco

Sabadell in the sixth year for an amount of 500 million euros.

— As regards securitisation, Banco Sabadell cancelled the mixed TDA 14, FTA
fund early, in January, on its clean-up call date. The IM SABADELL PYME
10 fund, TF whose bonds were fully retained by Banco Sabadell, was also
cancelled early in February.

— The institution maintained a liquidity buffer in the form of liquid assets to
meet any liquidity needs.

— In relation to the LCR ratio, since 1 January 2018 the minimum regulatory
requirement is 100%, a level largely exceeded by all the entity's Liquidity
Management Units (LMUs), with LMU TSB and Banco Sabadell Spain pre-
senting a level of 194% and 254%, respectively, in December 2021. At Group
level, the LCR remained well above 100% on a stable basis at all times and
it ended 2021 at 221%. As for the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), which
came into force on 28 June 2021, the entity has also remained stable at
levels above the minimum requirement of 100% in all LMUs. At 31 Decem-
ber 2021, the NSFR ratio is 149% for the TSB CGU, 137% for Banco Sabadell
Spain and 141% for the Group.

Liquidity management

65


--- Page 52 ---

3
2

Key figures and basic liquidity ratios at the end of 2021 and 2020 were the

following:
Million euro

2021 2020
Gross loans to customers, excluding repos 160,668 152,201
Impairment allowances (3,302) (3,081)
Brokered loans (1,290) (1,977)
Net loans and advances excluding ATAs, 156,076 147,143

adjusted for brokered loans

On-balance sheet customer funds 162,020 150,778
Loan-to-deposit ratio (%) 96.3 97.6

The EUR/GBP exchange rate used for the balance sheet is 0.8403 as of 31 December 2021 and 0.8990 as at 31

December 2020.

The breakdown of the main sources of funding by instrument and counterpar-

ty as of 2021 year-end is as follows (%):

5

PS &

w Ww

Funding structure (in %) (*)

Institutional emissions detail

1 Deposits 71 (ins) (*)

2  Retailissues 4 1 = Covered bond 46
3 Repos 2 2 Senior debt 30
4 Wholesale market 9 3 Subordinate and ATL 20
5 cB 14 4 Asset-backed securities 3
6 Bank of England 3 5 Commercial paper and Yankee CD 1.

(*) Without adjustments for accruals or hedging.

(*) Without adjustments for accruals or hedging.

For further details of the Group’s liquidity management, liquidity strategy and
liquidity performance during the year, see note 4 to the consolidated annual

accounts for 2021.

66

Financial information

Liquidity ratios


--- Page 53 ---

Capital management

Key capital figures and solvency ratios

Thousand euro

Fully-loaded Phase-in

31/12/2021 31/12/2020 31/12/2021 31/12/2020

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital 9,859,600 9,486,723 10,079,533 9,911,107
Tier 4 (4) capital 12,259,600 10,640,262 12,479,533 11,064,646
Tier 2 (T2) capital 2,021,270 1,910,186 2,021,270 1,664,708
Total Tier (Tier 1 + Tier 2) capital 14,280,869 12,550,449 14,500,802 12,729,354
Risk weighted assets 80,689,118 78,901,364 80,645,593 78,858,201
CET1 (%) 12.22% 12.02% 12.50% 12.57%
Tier 1 (%) 15.19% 13.49% 15.47% 14.03%
Tier 2 (%) 2.51% 2.42% 2.51% 2.11%
Total capital ratio (%) 17.70% 15.91% 17.98% 16.14%
Leverage ratio (%) 5.80% 5.06% 5.90% 5.25%

As of 31 December 2021, the main difference between the phase-in and fully-loaded ratios was due to transition to IFRS 9.
In 2048, after the entry into force of IFRS 9, the group chose to apply the transitional provisions established in Regulation (EU) 2017/2395.

During 2021, the Group increased its total capital by over 1,730 million euros
in fully-loaded terms.

In January 2021, the 500 million euros issue of subordinated bonds 1/2021,
the 500 million euros issue of preference shares I/2021 in March and the am-
ortisation due to the exercise of the early redemption option of TSB’s subordi-
nated bond issue in March for 443 million euros were taken into account for
the calculation of shareholders’ equity in 2021. Finally, the AT1 2/2021 issue of
750 million euros was launched in November.

In terms of risk-weighted assets, a synthetic securitisation was carried out
in the period (see note 4.4.2.4 to the consolidated Annual Accounts for 2021).
Also noteworthy is the entry into force of the remaining CRR2 regulations on
28 June 2021, whose main changes are the new standardised exposure calcu-
lation framework for derivative exposures (SA-CCR) and the changes in the
weighting applicable to exposures consisting of units in collective investment
institutions.

As aresult, the CET! fully-loaded ratio stood at 12.22% at year-end 2021.

At 31 December 2021, the Group maintains a CET! phased-in capital ratio
of 12.50% —well above the requirements of the Supervisory Review and Eval-
uation Process (SREP), 8.52% for 2021 and for 2020 alike—and is therefore
398 bps above the minimum requirement.

Capital management

Capital and Solvency

67


--- Page 54 ---

17.98” 17.70” Capital requirement

2.51% 2.51%

13.00”

2.56%

Pillar 4 Tier 2
@ Pillar 1. AT 1
Systemic and counter-cyclical buffer
Capital conservation buffer
Pillar 2 Requirement
© Pillar 1 CETL

Requirements Phase-in Fully-loaded
2021 2021 2021

Banco Sabadell has been notified by the Bank of Spain of the decision adopted
by the Single Resolution Board (SRB) on the determination of the minimum
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) and the subordina-
tion requirement on a consolidated basis applicable to it.

The requirements that must be met from 1 January 2024 are as follows:

— The minimum MRELis 21.75% of the total risk exposure amount (TREA)
and 6.22% of leverage ratio exposure (LRE).

— The subordination requirement is 14.45% of the TREA and 6.22% of the
LRE.

The decision set out the following intermediate requirements to be met from 1

January 2022:

— The MREL requirement is 21.05% of the TREA and 6.22% of the LRE.

— The subordination requirement is 14.45% of the TREA and 6.06% of the
LRE.

The own funds that the institution uses to meet the combined buffer require-
ments (CBR, comprising the capital conservation buffer, the systemic buffer
and the counter-cyclical buffer) will not be eligible for the MREL or subordi-
nation requirements expressed in TREA.

Banco Sabadell already meets the requirements that apply from 1 January
2024, which are in line with Banco Sabadell’s expectations and with its fund-
ing plans.

68 Financial information


--- Page 55 ---

26.2”

5.7%

2.5%

3.0%

MREL of the group

1.0%

© Senior preferred

Senior non-preferred

Dec-21
(% RWA)

@ Tier 2 PI
AT1 Pl
@ CETIPI
Dec-21
(% LRE)

The RWA percentage includes capital used to meet the CBR (2.75% RWA).

Capital management

69


--- Page 56 ---

Businesses

71 Banking Business Spain
89 Banking Business UK
91 Banking Business Mexico


--- Page 57 ---

Below are the key figures associated with the Group’s
main business unit levels, in accordance with the segment
disclosures contained in note 38 to the 2021 consolidated
Annual Accounts.

Banking Business Spain
Key figures

At the end of the 2021 financial year, net profit amounted
to 412 million euros, 89.0% higher year-on-year, mainly
due to the good performance of fees and commissions,
cost reductions and the recording of lower provisions in
the year.

Net interest income amounted to 2,302 million euros,
4.1% lower than at the end of the 2020 financial year,
mainly due to the lower contribution from the ALCO
portfolio following the sales and lower yields on loans,
offsetting the higher revenues from TLTRO III and the
higher remuneration earned on corporate deposits.

Net fees and commissions stood at 1,336 million
euros, 7.2% higher year-on-year, due mainly to the good
performance of service fees and management fees.

Net trading income and exchange differences stood at
342 million euros and mainly included 324 million euros
from sales of the portfolio at amortised cost to finance the
second phase of the efficiency plan carried out in Spain
in September, while at the end of the 2020 financial year

they amounted to 770 million euros as they also included
sales of the portfolio at amortised cost to finance the effi-
ciency plans and part of the sales NPA portfolios carried

out in the previous year.

Results under the equity method show strong growth
due to higher earnings recorded by investees related to
renewable energies in the first quarter.

Operating expenses show a year-on-year reduction
of 3.8% reflecting savings in staff expenses from the first
phase of the 2020 efficiency plan.

Provisions and impairments amounted to -1,193
million euros, representing a reduction of 40.6%, as the
previous year included extraordinary provisions associat-
ed with the impact of COVID-19 and sales of problematic
assets.

Gains on sale of assets and other results primarily in-
cluded 83 million euros gross (58 million euros net) from
the sale of the depository in the second quarter of 2021, 42
million euros gross (41 million euros net) from the sale of
Bansabadell Renting and 12 million euros gross (2 million
euros net) from the sale of BancSabadell d’Andorra in the
fourth quarter.

Corporation tax is impacted by the treatment of re-
sults related to investee companies.

Million euro
2021 2020 —_Year-on-year change (%) one business

Net interest income 2,302 2,400 (4.1) — Spain
Fees and commissions (net) 1,336 1,246 7.2
Core revenues 3,638 3,646 (0.2)
Net trading income and exchange differences 342 770 (55.6)
Equity-accounted income and dividends 102 37 174.9
Other operating income and expenses (269) (271) (0.7)
Gross income 3,812 4,182 (8.8)
Operating expenses and depreciation and (2,276) (2,344) (2.9)

amortisation
Pre-provisions income 1,536 1,838 (16.4)
Provisions and impairments (1,193) (2,007) (40.6)
Gains on sale of assets and other results 135 317 (57.5)
Profit/(loss) before tax 478 147 224.4
Corporation tax (58) 71 (481.4)
Profit or loss attributed to minority interests 8 1 740.2
Profit attributable to the Group 412 218 89.0
Cumulative ratios
ROE (profit / average shareholders’ equity) 4.2% 2.0% =
Cost+to-income (general administrative 50.2% 47.6% =

expenses / gross income)
NPL ratio 4.6% 4.4% =
NPL coverage ratio of stage 3 with total provisions 57.6% 55.7% =

Banking Business Spain / Key figures.

71


--- Page 58 ---

Gross performing loans to customers increased year-on-
year by 0.7%, despite the collection by the DGF of 1,691
million euros related to the APS. Growth in investment,
isolating just the APS, is at 2.3%, driven by commercial
loans to companies, SMEs and the self-employed, as well
as by the growth in mortgages to individual customers,
loans to the public sector and consumer loans.

On-balance sheet customer funds grew by 5.6% year-on-
year, driven by sight deposits, partly as the result of funds
shifting away from term deposits due to the low interest
rate environment. Off-balance sheet funds increased by
9.5%, impacted by the sale of BancSabadell d’Andorra.
Excluding that impact, growth of 11.6% due to higher net
inflows to mutual funds.

Million euro
Key figures of the banking
2021 2020 © Yearon-year business Spain
change (%)
Assets 191,162 183,896 4.0
Gross performing loans to customers 107,089 106,327 0.7
Non-performing real estate assets (net) 842 871 (3.4)
Li: ities 181,389 173,664 44
On-balance sheet customer funds 116,788 110,572 5.6
Wholesale funding in the capital markets 18,090 18,332 (1.3)
Allocated capital 9,773 10,204 (4.2)
Off-balance sheet customer funds 41,678 38,064 9.5
Other indicators
Employees 13,855 16,260 (14.8)
Branches 1,288 1,614 (20.2)

Within the banking business in Spain, the most relevant
businesses, on which information is presented below,
should be highlighted:

Retail Banking
Business overview

The Retail Banking business unit level offers financial
products and services to natural persons with a particular
purpose. These include investment products and me-
dium- and long-term finance, such as consumer loans,
mortgages and leasing or rental services, as well as short-
term finance. Funds come mainly from customer deposits
and sight accounts, savings insurance, mutual funds and
pension plans. The main services also include methods

of payment such as cards and insurance products in their
diverse modalities.

Management milestones in 2021 and
priorities for 2022

Efforts in 2021 focused on establishing the new strategic
priorities of the Retail Banking business, such as: attract-
ing additional demand in digital channels, fully digital and
remote commercial activity for individual loans, accounts
as well as cards and means of payment, and, lastly, the
intervention of specialist managers in branches, focusing
on mortgages, insurance and savings and investment
products.

The business unit level focuses on distribution specialisa-
tion and the creation of the complete new digital relation-
ship process, as well as deliveries aimed at significantly
improving new production, optimising the customer
satisfaction and reducing operational support.

Moreover, thanks to the digital evolution, it is possible
to focus on the deployment of a new distribution model in
terms of sales, servicing and customer support.

This distribution model is based on daily self-service
operations, the attraction of digital demand as well as the
development of digital sales capabilities in simpler prod-
ucts and specialised sales in products with a greater need
for advice, such as mortgages, insurance and savings and
investment products.

Lastly, the Retail Banking business is firmly committed
to the Group’s sustainability objectives, meets the Group’s
ambition in terms of sustainability and, in turn, contrib-
utes to achieving the key objectives of the business.

72 Businesses


--- Page 59 ---

Main products
The main Retail Banking products are described below:
Mortgages

The performance of the mortgage market in 2021 is
characterised by a significant recovery and record figures
after the significant fall suffered by the COVID-19 crisis in
year 2020. The new production in Banco Sabadell in 2021
has had a 38% increase compared to 2020, leading to an
increase in our new production market share from up to
8.12% and in our stock instalment from up to 6.59% data
to September 2021.

Progress is being made in the roll-out of the mortgage
distribution model established in the Strategic Plan of the
business, based on the deployment of specialists both in
offices and in the remote management teams. There are al-
ready 140 of these specialists, and over the coming months
more than 200 additional specialists will continue to be
deployed to ensure customer satisfaction in the process of
taking out a mortgage with Banco Sabadell.

In addition, the year ended with an important cam-
paign to position the mortgage product in the market,
focused on providing guidance to people who want to buy
ahome through a mortgage, helping them to overcome the
lack of knowledge and insecurity caused by taking out this
product.

Consumer loans

Consumer loans behaviour in 2021 has been marked by
a gradual recovery in production, after the pandemic-in-
duced drop in 2020. The increase occurred mainly from
the second quarter onwards once the opening of pre-ap-
proved loans was completed and continued throughout
the rest of the year.

In line with the Strategic Plan, 2021 was characterised
by an increase in the use of digital tools and growth in
online contracting, through all channels, but especially
through BSMovil. This increase has been associated with
an increase in pre-approved loans (up 21% compared to
2020 in number of operations and 42% in volume) and
accompanied by improvements in contracting processes
and customer satisfaction.

In terms of short-term individual financing solutions,
the Expansion Line product has shown very good usage
and acceptance among our customers, being a highly
valued product due to its 100% online use.

Payment methods

During 2021, the trend towards the digitalisation of pay-
ments continued to accelerate. Electronic payments, after
astagnant 2020, have returned to double-digit growth of
19.42%, compared to cash payments. It has also been ob-
served that digital payments continue to grow ahead of in-
store payments, where mobile payments are also becom-
ing more widespread, reaching 13.5% of transactions in

December. Pre-pandemic growth has recovered with the
exception of international payments, which have not yet
recovered due to the lack of international mobility. New
payment methods, such as Bizum, are growing strongly,
with year-on-year increases of 121%.

In 2021 we have launched a new model of more secure
and sustainable cards with a vertical design and full data
on the reverse side. Degradable PVC materials have been
incorporated to reduce the environmental footprint once
they are no longer used. And we have taken a further step
towards digitalisation with a new contracting capability
ina 100% online process for adding debit and credit cards
for pre-approved customers, in addition to the existing
capabilities of turning the card on and off, managing lim-
its, managing usage, personalising alerts and the ability to
change the payment method via Sabadell Mobile.

Sight accounts

The core retail account offering is the Expansion range,
which offers different benefits depending on the commer-
cial and operational needs of customers, resulting in the
Expansion Account, Premium Expansion and Expansion
Plus. We also offer the Relationship Account for non-
linked customers.

At the same time, we market specific accounts to meet
the needs of specific customer segments, such as the Expe-
rience Account (seniors), First (children) and Key Account
(foreigners).

The main milestone of 2021 was the launch of the
bank’s new Digital Onboarding process connected to the
Digital Expansion Account, with no commissions and no
linkage conditions. This has enabled us to lay the founda-
tions for a new digital customer relationship model and
the design ofa new differential current account with high
added value that is real and perceived by the customer.

Saving and Investment

In 2021, Savings and Investment activity has been boosted

by a double effect:

— The excellent performance of the financial markets en-
hanced by the new management capabilities introduced
by Amundi. The equity of mutual funds in Morning-
star’s first and second quartile is 53% with only 7% of
assets in the fourth quartile at the end of November.

— The confirmation of the economic recovery that started
in the second half of 2020, coupled with the ECB’s
willingness to keep benchmark rates negative, has
accentuated the profitability-seeking movement among
investors, leading to an increase in first-time mutual
fund customers (up to almost 27,000 new mutual fund
investors) as well as a movement of experienced inves-
tors towards products that can offer somewhat higher
profitability.

Asa result, we have seen strong growth in off-balance
sheet Investment Savings Products (1,690 million euros
at December 2021) focused exclusively on Mutual Funds,

Banking Business Spain / Retail Banking

73


--- Page 60 ---

whose assets under management grew by 13.11% (equiva-
lent to 1,694 million euros) to 14,612 million euros’.

In Mutual Funds, the offer has been based on the
following pillars:

1. Strengthening and organising the supply of mutual
funds for retail individuals by incorporating:

— Starter product: Sabadell Consolida 94, FI. It is
especially designed for investors with no experience
in financial markets, as it is a multi-asset fund with
a global investment vocation and a low risk pro-
file (2/7) that aims to generate profitability while
offering a high level of capital guarantee: each year
a guarantee of 94% of the previous year’s closing net
asset price is available.

— Throughout 2021, progress has been made towards
the strategic objective of having a sustainable supply
in line with Articles 8 and 9 SFDRA?. In 2021 the
Sabadell Acumula Sostenible, FI, Sabadell Crece Sos-
tenible, FI, Sabadell Inversi6n Etica y Solidaria, FI,
Sabadell EEUU Bolsa, FI and Sabadell Interés Euro,
FI funds have been confirmed in accordance with
article 8, which enables compliance with the target
set of having 15% of assets under management that
meet sustainability criteria and which in 2022 will be
accelerated to have 75% of assets in ESG funds.

— Rationalisation of existing supply. The strategic
agreement with Amundi expands the investment
capabilities available. The process began in 2021 and
will continue over the next year with the merger of
funds and the outsourcing of management mandates
to the most specialised and capable teams. Along
these lines, in 2021 the Sabadell Planificaci6n 70, FI
income fund was merged with Sabadell Planificacién
50, FI; the funds with a high private fixed income
component Sabadell Bonos Alto Interés, FI, Sabadell
Financial Capital, FI and Sabadell Rentas, FI with
Sabadell Euro Yield, FI; Sabadell Commodities, FI
with Sabadell Selecci6n Alternativa, FI and Sabadell
Garantia Extra 22, FI and Sabadell Horizonte 2021,
FI with Sabadell Interés Euro, FI.

2. Development of support tools for managers by improv-
ing product explanatory support documentation or
reinforcing training courses, and especially for custom-
ers. In this regard, the Support Plan was accelerated
throughout 2021 with the preparation of product notes
and videos reflecting the performance, the main invest-
ment decisions taken by professionals and the outlook
for the coming months. More than 249,945 e-mails
were sent, covering around 75% of the mutual fund
assets, with an average e-mail open rate of 51%.

Within investment savings products, pension plans expe-
rienced a moderate increase in assets of 27 million euros at

the end of the year to 3,174 million euros, impacted by the
reduction in tax deductible amounts (from 8,000 euros
in 2020 to 2,000 euros in 2021, which will be reduced to
1,500 euros in 2022). As a result, pension plan contribu-
tion estimates are 35% lower than in 2020, with much

of the activity pivoting on external inflow mobilisations.
As in the case of mutual funds, the excellent performance
of financial markets has also helped the growth of assets
where Life-Cycle Pension Plans, products that adapt their
composition between defensive and risk assets depending
on the age of retirement, have continued their excellent
performance compared to the competition.

Finally, the offer of Structured Deposits and Prod-
ucts was maintained throughout the year. In the case of
Structured Deposits, 7 illiquid 100% guaranteed products
with 6 or 7 years to maturity have been issued, aimed at
customers with a more conservative profile. In the case of
Structured Products, 10 issues have been carried out with
a 95/5 structure in which the capital at risk isa maximum
of 5% over 5 years while 95% of the nominal amount ma-
tures after 6 months. This type of product is only available
to Personal Banking, Private Banking and Corporate
customers.

Insurance

The Group’s insurance business is based on a comprehen-
sive offering that covers the needs of both personal and
property customers. The company’s own underwriting is
carried out through the insurance companies 50% owned.
by the agreement with the Zurich Group, Bansabadell Vida
and Bansabadell Seguros Generales. The first of these, the
largest in terms of business volume, occupies the top places
in the ranking of insurers by premiums written.

In 2021, the business grew by 14%, with the main
products contributing to the gross income being life, home
and health insurance.

Of particular note was the strong growth in health
insurance (77%), as a result of the recent agreement with
Sanitas, one of the leading health insurers in the Spanish
market. Also noteworthy was the positive evolution of
Blink insurance (home and car), digital insurance, as well
as the boost in the growth of the mortgage market in the
sale of combined insurance.

The future strategy for the insurance business in Retail
Banking is based on positioning the bank as the best in-
surance protection option for its customers. To this end, it
plans, among other objectives, to advance in the digitali-
sation of solutions and processes in order to improve the
customer satisfaction at every moment when interacting
with the company and, at the same time, to adapt the offer
to the needs of each customer profile, responding to the
rapid changes experienced by the market due, among
other factors, to the advance of technology and the appear-
ance of new risks to be covered.

1. Figures expressed in simple average balance at end-December 2021.
2. Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability disclosures in the financial ser-
vices sector (Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation). Articles 8 and 9 define

financial products that can be considered as sustainable, with article 8 being a fi-
nancial product that promotes environmental, social or good governance features,
and article 9 being a financial product that pursues sustainable objectives.

74 Businesses


--- Page 61 ---

Private Banking

Banco Sabadell, through SabadellUrquijo Private Bank-
ing, offers comprehensive solutions to high-net-worth
customers who require specialised advice and attention.
The Division comprises 171 private bankers certified by
the European Financial Planning Association, distributed
over 31 branches and customer care centres to meet the
needs of customers throughout Spain who have assets in
excess of 500 thousand euros.

Two milestones marked 2021: on the one hand, the
recovery of the impact that COVID-19 had in 2020 both in
the markets and in the day-to-day relationship with cus-
tomers. In this regard, SabadellUrquijo Private Banking
continued to strengthen the digital approach of custom-
ers to banking services. On the other hand, the growth
of investment solutions, mainly aimed at companies, as
alternatives to account balances in the current scenario of
negative interest rates.

From the point of view of the offer, SabadellUrquijo
Private Banking has an open architecture with a robust
product selection protocol that allows portfolios to be
tailored to customers’ objectives. In 2021, there has been a
very significant increase in new mutual fund production,
with several elements standing out. On the one hand,
the strategic agreement signed with Amundi, Europe’s
leading mutual fund manager, makes all the capabilities
and strengths of the Amundi group available to custom-
ers. Also noteworthy was the 48% growth in the bespoke
liscretionary portfolio management service offered by
SabadellUrquijo Gestion, SGIIC, to which its excellent
performance in terms of profitability undoubtedly con-
tributed. Finally, alternative investments continue to have
ahigh priority, with a rigorous screening protocol. In ad-
ition, and in view of the changes in the tax regime SICAV,
the focus this year was on advising customers in order to
offer them the best solutions.

SabadellUrquijo Private Banking continues to focus on
aclose relationship of trust between customers and the 171
private bankers, a relationship that is highly valued and
which allows us to continue to enhance customer satisfac-
tion and differentiate ourselves from the competition. At
the end of the year, the number of customers to whom the
Bank offered asset management advice was 27,610, with
total business of 31,725 million euros, of which 28,612
million euros were in funds, 42% in mutual funds and
SICAVs and 2,434 million euros under discretionary man-
agement contracts.

The challenges for 2022 in Private Banking remain
focused on offering the best investment solutions and advice
to our customers, enhancing digital capabilities and growing
the business by taking advantage of market opportunities.

Sabadell Consumer Finance

Sabadell Consumer Finance is the Group company
specialising in point-of-sale consumer financing, and it
conducts its business through various channels, by estab-
lishing partnerships with retailers.

The company continues to expand the commercial offer-
ing, ensuring a rapid response to customers’ needs.

Activity in 2021 saw a year-on-year recovery in lending
of 9.22%, slowed by the lack of components in the automo-
tive sector, which means a lack of supply in the market.

This recovery, which was a direct result of the com-
pany’s swift commercial coverage and rapid response to
immediate operating needs, boosted Sabadell Consumer
Finance's market share.

The NPA ratio was 5.64%. Additionally, NPL coverage
ratio of stage 3 with total provisions is 99.16%.

The company has successfully completed the acqui-
sition of Instant Credit, which will enable it to increase
its digital commercial offering by providing an efficient
response to both prescribers and end customers.

For the coming year, following the principles of our
own and the group’s agreements, e-commerce actions will
be strengthened, increasing the link with current prescrib-
ers, as well as expanding the plan for financing energy
efficiency, mobility in buildings and improving works in
communities, developing actions in their systems and pro-
cesses focused on the digitalisation of the business, both
for internal efficiency and in customer and commercial
experience.

Overall, the company performed 196,935 new oper-
ations through more than eleven thousand points of sale
distributed throughout Spanish territory, resulting in
979.9 million euros of new loan production in 2021, bring-
ing the company’s total outstanding exposure to above
1,792 million euros.

These improvements helped the company to keep its
cost-to-income ratio to 33.26%.

Business Banking
Business overview

The Business Banking business unit level offers financial
products and services to legal persons and natural persons
with a business purpose, serving all types of companies
with a turnover of up to 200 million euros as well as the
institutional sector. The products and services offered to
companies are based on short and long-term financing
solutions, cash surplus treasury solutions, products and
services to guarantee the daily operations of collections
and payments through any channel and geographic area,
as well as risk hedging and insurance banking products.

Banco Sabadell has a clearly defined relationship
model for each business segment, innovative and differen-
tiating it from the competition, which allows us to be very
close to our customers, acquiring a broad knowledge of
them and also a strong commitment.

Large companies (turnover > 10 million euros) are
basically managed in specialised offices. The rest of the
companies (SMEs, Businesses and Self-Employed) are
managed from the offices. Both have managers specialised
in the segment, as well as expert advice from product and/
or sector specialists.

Banking Business Spain / Business Banking

75


--- Page 62 ---

All this allows Banco Sabad:
companies and a leader in c

ell to be a benchmark for all
ustomer satisfaction.

Management milestones in 2021 and

priorities for 2022

Management efforts in 2021 focused on the design and
implementation of the priorities for action in the Busi-
ness Banking business, within the framework of the new
strategic plan, with all initiatives already scheduled and
underway, in coordination with the rest of the bank and
enhancing the value of the network.

All actions have been designed taking into account the
opportunities offered by each segment. In this sense, the
lines of work aimed at increasing revenues have been based
ona much greater segmentation of our value proposition,

in order to respond to the sp

ecific needs of each segment.

In parallel, the design of a commercial productivity
programme is being finalised for implementation as early
as 2022. Cost optimisation efforts have also been more

specific to each segment. Of.

note was the reduction and

reorganisation of servicing operations in branches, various
initiatives to improve the cost of risk thanks to data analyt-
ics models, and the development of tools and guidelines to

optimise the consumption o:

f capital by segment.

Management in Business Banking is very focused on
the growth of the global business of companies, with a
strong focus on profitability, in order to contribute deci-

sively to the ROE objectives

of the strategic plan.

Finally, the Business Banking business is committed
to the Group's ambition in terms of sustainability and, in
turn, contributes to the achievement of the key objectives

of the business.
The various segments, s}

specialists and commercial

or indirectly linked to environmental, social or governance
improvements.

For 2022, the challenge in the segment is to continue
strengthening specialisation, adding value to customers
and accompanying them in their projects by acting as an
essential player for them.

SMEs

Banco Sabadell has stood shoulder-to-shoulder with its
corporate customers, anticipating their needs through
specialist advisers to help them make the best financial
decisions. This year was once again atypical because of
the health context and the impact it had on the global
economy, on the commercial activity of companies and of
Banco Sabadell itself. The needs of companies have largely
been translated into two main blocks: on the one hand, the
need for liquidity, and on the other hand, new investment
projects to relaunch activity.

To provide liquidity, Banco Sabadell has made availa-
ble to its customers the range of financing solutions in its
catalogue, as well as operations with ICO guarantees. In
addition, for those companies with current ICO COVID
Liquidez operations, it has facilitated the possibility of in-
creasing the grace periods and/or final maturities of these
operations, in accordance with the provisions of Royal De-
cree 34/2020 on urgent measures to support the solvency
of business. This commercial accompaniment by Banco
Sabadell’s network of managers has enabled more than
33,000 customers to take advantage of the measures envis-
aged in the aforementioned Royal Decree, with a volume of
operations in excess of 3,910 million euros. In addition, for
all those customers who did not have operations under the
ICO COVID Liquidez lines, and who might have difficul-

products within Business Banking are described below.

Customer segments

ties in meeting their payment obligations, Banco Sabadell
has studied specific measures that would allow companies
to maintain their commercial activity.

On the other hand, this year it was important to support

Large Companies

Banco Sabadell has been at t!

providing global manageme

e side of large companies,
nt of its customers through

customers who, having passed the most critical phase of
their business, needed financing to adapt their production
processes and commercial capacities to the new environ-
ment. To this end, Banco Sabadell has carried out specific

specialised managers to help them make the best economic
decisions and with a pool of specialists who, depending on
the customers’ business needs, have accompanied them.

In an economic context marked by the complicated
health situation, this global customer management has
made it possible to accompany companies according to the
impact of the pandemic on their business. Thus, for those
customers with liquidity needs, Banco Sabadell has made
available both basic financing solutions and operations

commercial actions through its
to customers who were at this p!

In both areas of commercial
of liquidity and financing to rel

managers to offer financing
ase of the recovery process.
activity - the provision
launch economic activi-

ty - Banco Sabadell has demonstrated the attributes of
anticipation, advice and support that define its relation-

ship model.

Within the framework of the Next Generation EU
Funds and the Spanish Government's Recovery, Trans-

with ICO guarantees. And for those customers in a situa-

tion of growth, Banco Saba

ell has been by their side with

specialised financing operations, typical of Middle Market,
either acting alone or in pool with other credit institutions.
With regard to sustainability, Banco Sabadell has par-

ticipated in the market as a

‘ey agent in the drive towards

amore sustainable economy, providing financing for
projects developed by its customers for purposes directly

76

formation and Resilience Plan, Banco Sabadell has held nu-
merous informative meetings for customers and has drawn
up atraining plan for its network of managers, which will
make it possible during the year 2022 and beyond to pro-
vide information in a simple and agile manner on the aid
for which a company may be eligible, in accordance with
the calls for applications published by the different admin-
istrations. It has also reached a collaboration agreement

Businesses


--- Page 63 ---

with PwC so that customers can apply for the most appro-
priate aid through a specific application platform.

With regard to sustainability, Banco Sabadell has
assumed its role as a key agent in promoting the transi-
tion to a more sustainable economy, developing specific
products for its customers, with a specific focus on the
purpose of self-consumption derived from the increase in
energy costs. As in the previous year, the ESG vision was
maintained this year in the commercial dialogue with
customers to measure the sensitivity of SMEs and large
companies to these aspects, with a specific focus on those
customers in sectors with the greatest progress in a sus-
tainable environment.

For 2022, the challenge in the segment is to continue to
scale the Relationship Model, reinforcing our differentiation
and specialisation, where the personal manager is the central
element in the customer’s relationship with the bank.

Business

Banco Sabadell continued to support self-employed cus-
tomers, retailers and businesses in a year marked by the
start of the post-COVID-19 de-escalation, which behaved
unevenly depending on the customer’s sector of activity.
This has been done by adapting to the specific needs of each
customer, both by providing information and processing
direct aid for the most difficult customers, and by support-
ing the reactivation of activity and new projects for the most
favoured sectors, through specific financing solutions.

On the other hand, and with the focus on the evolution
of the customer value proposition, Banco Sabadell has
made a firm commitment in 2021 to strengthen its posi-
tioning as a specialist for customers in this segment, based
on the implementation of an offer designed specifically for
each sector of activity, built on active listening to custom-
ers and network managers, professional groups and asso-
ciations representing the sector. The aim is to be able to
offer each customer the most suitable solutions based on
an even better understanding of the specifics of their daily
lives. Currently, the catalogue of specific solutions includes
up to 32 sectors of activity, which have been prioritised
according to the current economic context.

In line with the context of sector specialisation and in
order to make this approach to customers and the mar-
ket tangible, the campaign "From specialist to specialist"
("You are a specialist in your business. We accompany and
advise you to offer you the solutions you need at every vital
moment of your business") was launched in the second
quarter of the year, with a continuous presence in the me-
dia and with its own space on the web where both custom-
ers and non-customers can access the proposed solutions
for their sector.

In addition, during the past financial year 2021, the
network figures specialised in the management of the
self-employed, retailers and businesses increased by more
than 20%, as a further vector for approaching a customer
segment that particularly values proximity and the person-
alised treatment of an expert manager who understands
their business, reinforcing capacities in territories with

greater growth potential. These managers have also been
provided with new support and training elements that
allow them to know in detail the keys to each sector.

Finally, and in line with the evolution of our customers’
new financial services consumption habits, Banco Sa-
badell continued to promote the digitalisation of custom-
ers in 2021, both in response to their needs for self-service
operations and remote contracting and management.

For 2022, the challenges in the segment focus on
further strengthening specialisation by incorporating new
sectors and improving manager training, being key in
channelling European Recovery Funds to customers, and
strengthening digital capabilities, for example by ena-
bling 100% bank digital onboarding for customers in this
segment.

Institutional Businesses

The Institutional Businesses unit was created to enhance
and develop business related to public and private insti-
tutions so as to position Banco Sabadell as a key player in
this segment.

To achieve this, it is necessary to have a specialised
range of products and services in order to provide a
comprehensive value proposal to public administrations,
financial institutions, insurers, religious bodies and the
tertiary sector.

2021 has been a special year for the activation of eco-
nomic policies aimed at overcoming the damage caused
by the pandemic. The result has been an increase in the
credit needs of institutional customers. In response, Banco
Sabadell strengthened its positioning in these segments
through greater commercial activity, proximity and
proposed solutions, resulting in increases in customer
acquisition, business volume and margins through a range
of products offering higher value for customers and for the
Bank.

Public Institutions

The economic activity of Public Institutions during 2021
has been marked by the importance of the Administrations
in the economic recovery after a complicated year 2020
that has been punished by the COVID-19 crisis. Adminis-
trations are essential for promoting and channelling the
arrival of European Funds and implementing economic
policies at each of the local, regional and national levels.

The result is an increase in assets, stemming from the
needs to implement the investments to address the eco-
nomic recovery, and an increase in liabilities, stemming
from the additional funds related to the Recovery and
Resilience Mechanism.

During this period, some Spanish regions are still au-
thorised to loan refinancing operations they had arranged
with the State, thereby lowering their funding costs as
Spanish government bond profitability fell. As a result,
banks have been granting these refinanced loans.

Banco Sabadell’s market shares in lending and depos-
its were 10.59% and 7.49%, respectively (figures at end of
October 2021). Investment reflects a year-on-year decline

Banking Business Spain / Business Banking

77


--- Page 64 ---

of 105 basis points, growing below the system. Deposits
were up 40 basis points, a sharper increase than in the
system as a whole.

Financial Institutions and Insurers
In 2021, the value proposal for these institutions was
further strengthened through products in the categories of
treasury, capital markets, mutual funds, research, equity
and alternative investment services, consolidating the
commercial relationship through a specialised approach
that meets customers’ needs in the immediate and longer
term. Against a backdrop of negative interest rates in
financial markets, deposit gathering continued to decline
sharply, giving way to a wider range of value products in
2021, including both Amundi Asset Management's ex-
panded range of mutual funds and the launch of Banco de
Sabadell’s first senior debt fund.

Customised franchise management has been car-
ried out on a customer-by-customer basis with the aim
of building customer loyalty and linking customers to
value-added products. In this franchise management, the
volume of franchises has been reduced to one third of the
amount in 2020.

Religious Institutions

The Religious Institutions and Third Sector Division offers
customers a range of products and services adapted to the
singularity of these groups. They cover everything from
transactions to specialised advice on financial assets.

During the year, the university-level qualification of
Adviser to Religious Institutions and entities belonging
to the Tertiary Sector was launched for employees and
customers belonging to these groups. At year-end, Banco
Sabadell was the only financial institution with employees
holding this qualification.

Secure donation collection facilities have been in-
creased by 26% using the DONE donation collection lec-
tern system. Banco Sabadell currently has 867 devices in
the Done ecosystem, including donation lecterns, digital
collection boxes and candle holders.

Segment specialists
Tourist Hotel Business

Banco Sabadell is the first financial institution to receive
“Q seal of Tourism Quality", granted by the Institute for
Spanish Tourism Quality, underpinning its position as a
leader and trendsetter in this sector, offering expert advice
coupled with the very highest quality standards.

The value proposition in this segment focuses mainly
on offering specialised financial solutions to a diverse
and highly fragmented group of customers, in three main
areas: expert advice, a catalogue of specialised products
and rapid response.

Within the value proposition, especially aimed at
providing a specific solution for each customer, and taking
into account the situation of absolute inactivity that the
sector has gone through due to the health crisis caused by

COVID-19, which forced the closure of all establishments
by decree, a large part of the activity has been focused on
the Support Plan, reviewing the entire hotel portfolio,
identifying the specific situation of each customer and
offering a specific solution for each need, providing a com-
plete range of solutions, from the most basic ones such as
grace periods and moratoriums, debt injection, ICO and
ICO Investment Lines, to others of greater depth such as
divestment in establishments, replacement of operators
and sale of production units.

The Tourism Business Division also received institu-
tional accolade from leading entities in the industry, such
as Spain’s Tourism Council (Consejo Espafiol de Turis-
mo - Conestur), the Tourism Commission of the Spanish
Confederation of Employers’ Organisations (CEOE) and
the Tourism Commission of the Spanish Chamber of
Commerce.

As it does every year, Banco Sabadell was present at
the main international tourism fair, FITUR, with its own
stand. The fair welcomed 255,000 visitors and 11,040
companies.

The Division has a portfolio of 12,267 customers anda
business volume of more than 4,266 million euros, a year-
on-year increase of 7.7%.

Agriculture segment

In 2021, Banco Sabadell’s Agriculture segment, which in-
cludes the agricultural, livestock, fishing and forestry sub-
sectors, and which has more than 325 specialised branches,
has been recognised by Editorial Eumedia (Agribusiness)
as the best Agro Financial Institution in Spain 2021.

The customer base has increased, as has the portfolio
of specific financial products and services with features
tailored to the requirements of customers in the sector.

Banco Sabadell’s firm commitment to this sector, in
particular through its personalised support for customers,
led to a’7% increase in business volume compared to 2020.
We continue to earn the trust of our customers, whose
numbers increased by 5% compared to the previous year.

During the 2021 financial year, we reactivated the or-
ganisation of events and the usual sector trade fairs, such
as Fruit Attraction, where Banco Sabadell was once again
present.

Banco Sabadell Agro Segment has the clear objective
of accompanying customers in the sector in digitalisation
and sustainability, taking advantage of the efficient lever
that will be the contribution of the European Union's Next
Generation funds.

Employer Providential Schemes

By means of its Providential Schemes Division, Banco
Sabadell Group offers solutions and responses to our
customers to help them better implement, manage and
develop their providential schemes through pension plans
and group insurance policies.

During 2021, innovative, flexible and simple solu-
tions were also implemented for small and medium-sized

78 Businesses


--- Page 65 ---

companies, such as the life-cycle joint promotion plans

- with an investment profile adapted to age - and Sa-
badell Flex Empresa, a fully digital flexible remuneration
platform that allows companies to optimise their remu-
neration model at a very low cost. Of particular note is
the Flexible Remuneration Retirement Plan, a savings
solution that allows executives or employees to maximise
their savings and taxation.

Strong demand for such solutions is expected by 2022,
as the bank is in a position to offer the most innovative solu-
tion on the market. In addition, a boost to company pension
schemes is expected, along with the upcoming legislative
amendments being considered by the government.

Real Estate Business

The Real Estate area focuses on integrated services to the
residential development business by means of a mature
specialised business model.

Banco Sabadell’s commitment to this sector has led
to ayear-on-year increase in developer mortgage loans,
guarantees and reverse factoring, with a growing associat-
ed margin.

The year 2021 has been marked by the situation arising
from COVID-19 (travel restrictions, delays in licensing
periods and, therefore, delays in the signing of contracts);
however, the Investment Property Division has formal-
ised around 1,805 million euros (an increase of 21.14%
compared to the previous year) with a margin of over 50.5
million euros (similar to the previous year, with this year
being a record year for the delivery of financed housing).

The Investment Property Division focuses on boosting
home deliveries so as to minimise the potential negative
impact, as well as monitoring sales in progress.

The main strategy is to maintain our leadership in the
sector and to consolidate our market share, prioritising
the best business opportunities by pinpointing the most
notable projects and soundest customers, with the aim of
minimising risk and maximising profit for Banco Sabadell.

Franchising

Banco Sabadell is a leader in the Franchising segment,
where it has more than 25 years of experience reaching
agreements with the foremost franchising brands, which
refer potential customers wishing to open new franchises
in Spain.

Banco Sabadell offers specific customised financing,
transactionality and protection solutions via the branch
network with the support of the team of specialised Fran-
chise Managers.

Banco Sabadell works closely with the Spanish Fran-
chisors’ Association, and was the first bank to secure its
partnership and support in this business model. This year
2021 we have participated in different Virtual Cafés with
the AEF, we have maintained our presence in the Fairs
that have been carried out on FranquiShop and different
Virtual Fairs, being awarded as the first Financial Entity
collaborator in the sector of the franchise by the Online

Franchise Fair where we have actively participated, as
well as sponsoring topics such as Women in Franchising,
the Franchise Jurisprudence Observatory, interventions
in specialised radio programmes, articles in the press and
magazines, collaboration with different expert franchise
consultancies and an endless number of actions that we
have published on social networks that reinforce our noto-
riety and leadership in this business model.

The franchise market is a growing sector and is better
able to withstand the impact of the health crisis due to the
support of large franchisor brands, as demonstrated by
maintaining default rates below 0.7%. Franchisee custom-
ers have a higher value (x2 in margin, x3 in linkage) and
is a key segment in the growth strategy of the enterprise
business. We have more than 1,000 brands with referral
agreements and more than 7,700 franchise customers
who contribute more than 20 million euros to the annual
margin.

In 2021, the capacity to digitally sign collaboration
agreements with franchisor brands has been included and
the team has been reinforced with the incorporation of 2
new franchise managers and 4 risk analysts specialising in
franchising.

BStartup

Banco Sabadell’s BStartup is the pioneering and bench-
mark financial service in Spanish banking for startups
and scaleups, providing specialised banking and equity
investment.

Banking specialisation is based on exclusive managers
for startups and scaleups in the Region with the highest
concentration of this type of companies, as well as ona
specific risk circuit and specific products.

As of December 2021, BStartup reached a record 3,978
startup customers, 14.7% more than the previous year. The
average margin generated by BStartup customers remains
higher than the average for global corporate customers, as
well as their internationalisation operations and linkage.
The accelerated growth of many of these companies reaf-
firms the thesis related to the launch of the service in 2013,
ie., that the great companies of the future would emerge
from among these companies. The volume of business
managed increased by 23.4% to 984 million euros (272
million euros of assets and 712 million euros of liabilities)
and the business margin increased by 19.8%.

In 2021, BStartup’s specialisation has been given a
definite boost. While in 2020 the figure of the BStartup
SME Director was created, a manager with extensive
experience and knowledge of the sector and exclusively
dedicated to managing technology companies, startups
and scaleups, in 2021 a further step was taken towards
specialisation in the Catalonia DT, concentrating the
management of all Commercial Banking startup cus-
tomers in the main office in Barcelona, in a hub that now
concentrates 6 managers, a proxy and a risk analyst who
work exclusively for startups and scaleups. In addition,
the scaleups that are already in Business Banking have
been concentrated in two Business Banking managers in

Banking Business Spain / Business Banking

79


--- Page 66 ---

order to be able to continue offering a specialised service
in their specificities when these companies grow. By 2022,
anew BStartup DPyme has been authorised in DT Centro
(the fourth) and in DT Este (the second). In the remain-
ing territories we maintain 25 BStartup offices that have
continued to receive specialised training.

Equity investment targets early-stage digital and tech-
nology companies with strong growth potential and in-
novative, scalable business models. This year BStartup10
has launched the first BStartup Green call to invest in
startups that, from technology or digitalisation, are able to
facilitate the transition to a more sustainable world (from.
the perspective of energy transition, industry 4.0, smart
cities and the circular economy). A total of 136 companies
applied for this first call, from which 3 were selected for in-
vestment. On the other hand, the BStartup Health call has
already established itself as a benchmark for investment
in health startups in the early phase of transferring science
to the market: the fourth call was launched in 2021, to
which 121 projects were submitted. In addition to these
sectoral calls for proposals, the work with the more digital
ecosystem continues and, in total, BStartup10 closes 2021
with 7 new investments made. BStartup’s portfolio totals
58 investees with a positive valuation and during 2021
there have been two partial divestments during the year,
one of which has led to a multiplier of more than 10 times
the money invested. Between them, they have more than
1,664 employees and have raised more than 178 million
euros following BStartup’s investment.

During the year, the Bank was very present at the main
events of the entrepreneurial ecosystem. 115 entrepreneur-
ship events have been organised or actively participated in.
This, together with all the previous activity, continues to
reinforce Banco Sabadell’s reputation and positioning as a
benchmark bank for scaleups and startups. As an indica-
tor, BStartup has had 1,826 mentions in different media
(offline and online press), has reached 13,589 followers
on Twitter, and BStartup has been one of the main topics
of discussion about the bank on social networks most
months, and always with a positive sentiment.

Companies Hub

Companies Hub is Banco Sabadell’s business connection

centre, a hybrid model that combines:

— A digital space where companies can connect with
everything that matters to them through workshops
and webinars led by the Bank’s experts and leading
external figures; inspiring and participative meetings in
which professional experiences, current content and the
latest business trends are shared.

— A physical space in the centre of Valencia as a reference
for companies, where they can meet and connect with
other companies, receive knowledge and business ad-
vice from experts in areas such as digital transformation
or sectorial economy, as well as other specialities such as
financing, internationalisation or startups.

For all these reasons, Companies Hub is a service that

contributes to the bank’s positioning in the business seg-
ment (with a special focus on SMEs) as the bank that best
understands their challenges and the one that can best
accompany them along the way.

If 2020 was a year of great changes and challenges for
Companies Hub because the pandemic forced the leap to
virtuality, which allowed a leap of scale reaching companies
all over Spain, 2021 has been a year of development of the
new scope of the project: we have worked on the new defini-
tion and image and also launched a new website that reflects
the reality and the current scope of the project, which
prioritises giving visibility to the business content generated
by Companies Hub, with a better design and user navigation
experience to find content that is of interest to them.

Companies Hub is a tool that serves the purpose of es-
tablishing communication between the entity and SMEs,
businesses and freelancers, under a single brand based on
valuable business content, which is mainly materialised
in webinars, but also generates content in other types of
media such as articles, news or videos that entrepreneurs
can view in the press and social networks. The contents
generated around Companies Hub are an instrument for
the dissemination of the knowledge and expertise of the
entity with a conversation in networks with a 100% posi-
tive sentiment.

The main themes are: recovering from the crisis, trans-
forming oneself to face the future, sector specialisation, as
well as leadership, professional skills and trends. During
the first half of the year, the Editorial Committee reformu-
lated the editorial line of Companies Hub, adapting it to
the Bank’s current strategic plan. Meetings on internation-
al business, meetings related to some sectoral offers, and
aspecific cycle on the Next Generation EU funds aimed at
helping companies to prepare strategically, among many
others, would stand out in this regard.

During 2021, the project has continued to grow and
increase both the number of webinars and the participa-
tion and impact generated by Companies Hub, because
the change from face-to-face to online has meant a leap in
scale that has allowed it to reach many more freelancers
and companies throughout the country. In total, 111 webi-
nars were held (76% increase compared to 2020) in which
49,026 companies and freelancers participated (180%
increase compared to 2020), with an average participation
of 442 attendees per meeting (12% increase compared to
2020). The evaluations of the sessions continue to reflect
the great reception and acceptance of the contents by
Spanish companies, with an overall rating of 8.86 out of
10, with 42% of the participants giving them a score of 10.

In addition, 75 videos summarising the sessions were
made for dissemination on the bank's social networks, and
more than 75 articles and news items were published in
different branded content spaces in print and online me-
dia about Companies Hub and its support for companies,
as well as the topics covered in the webinars.

All this has generated 1,624 mentions in social net-
works and offline and online media, reaching a total audi-
ence of 197,627,051 users, which represents an increase of
68,004,081 vs. 2020 (52.46%).

80 Businesses


--- Page 67 ---

Professional Associations and Associ-
ate Banking

Banco Sabadell leads the way in serving professional
associations throughout the country. Its services for this
segment are based on a close relationship with associa-
tions, meeting the needs of their members through a range
of specifically tailored financial products and services.

Associated Banking continues to strengthen the link
with corporate and business customers, based on a differ-
entiated range of products and services for their executives
and employees, as a significant channel for acquiring
individual customers at Banco Sabadell.

This Division's contribution to the acquisition of new
individual customers, retailers, SMEs, self-employed
individuals and businesses materialised in the form of 3,541
collaboration agreements with active professional associa-
tions, enabling us to reach 3,300,000 professional associa-
tion members, of whom 611,800 are customers of the Bank
and benefit from our customised services. This channel
accounts for more than 12% of the business segments.

Official Agreements and Guarantees

From the Official Agreements and Guarantees Depart-
ment, we have managed new agreements with different
bodies, both territorial and national and supranational,
to help companies manage their financing and guarantee
needs, with the clear purpose of adhering to our pacts to
fight climate change and strengthen the digitalisation of
companies.

To this end, new lines have been signed with the Offi-
cial Credit Institute (ICO), such as the ICO Red.es, which
aims to help both companies and study or research centres
in digitalisation, the creation of new technologies and the
application of Artificial Intelligence.

New European Investment Bank (EIB) lines have also
been signed up, providing us with ECO Friendly lines,
such as EIB Investment and Climate Change.

The current post-pandemic situation has not been
neglected and that is why we are implementing lines such
as EIB DRS and EIB LRS that serve to boost productivity
and competitiveness.

In 2021, the main activity of the management team
was to manage the ICO State COVID guarantee lines
(ICO Liquidez and ICO Inversién), which provided aid to
alleviate the impact of the COVID-19 crisis on the econo-
my of the self-employed, SMEs and companies. In many
cases, this has been so thanks to the additional guarantee
provided by the Mutual Guarantee Societies.

In the third quarter of the year, the Code of Good
Practice has been implemented for those companies that
have needed additional aid, Banco Sabadell adhering to
the extension for 2022.

Management's objective for 2022 is to increase the
market share in the marketing of Official Agreements (ICO
and EIB) and Guarantees (SGR) in order to contribute
positively to the bank's profitability and investment ratio.

To this end, the main partners will be the Mutual

Guarantee Societies (MGS), which will help to reduce
endowments and lower capital consumption, as well as
the different organisations that will help to obtain better
conditions to help our customers.

Sabadell Colaboradores

Sabadell Colaboradores is a lever for acquiring custom-
ers and business for the branch network via cooperation
agreements with referrers.

This channel’s contribution to the Commercial Bank-
ing business is highly significant, most notably in terms of:
— Spread (Million euro): 243 (8.40% of the total).

— Mortgages (new contracts): 10,347 (29.48% of the
total).

— Customer acquisition: 39,929 (11.50% of the total).

— AutoRenting vehicle lease (new contracts): 604
(10.53% of the total).

— Mutual funds (average balance in Million euro): 1,615
(6.66% of the total).

Five new branches were set up this year for top mortgage
partners (a total of 5 offices), aimed at providing a nimbler
and more specialised service to collaborators and referred
customers. This initiative is part of the programme to cen-
tralise the mortgage business which is necessary to adapt
the distribution model to new trends in this business line.

Commercial Products
Financial services

Digitalisation continues to be one of the major challenges
that we have kept addressing in 2021 in order to provide
the best service to our customers in their collection and
payment management.

In order to adapt to the needs of business customers,
the new maximum amount of 100,000 euros that Euro-
pean regulations allow for immediate payments has been
incorporated. Banco Sabadell was also one of the first Eu-
ropean banks to offer its companies the possibility of mak-
ing transfers from their accounts in other banks, through
the account aggregator service of our internet banking.

Payment Methods
The POS business has continued to be impacted by the
crisis situation due to COVID-19. With the gradual im-
provement in consumption and domestic tourism, Banco
Sabadell has achieved cumulative growth of 17.5% and
made available to its customers more than 400,000 phys-
ical and e-commerce terminals. The bank has maintained
its policy of offering an advanced and personalised service
to its retail customers and, to this end, has reinforced its
network of POS and e-commerce specialists. In addition,
it has increased the platform’s services through an integra-
tion agreement with American Express.

Through the subsidiary PAYCOMET, which specialises
in digital payments, the launch of innovative products con-
tinued to be promoted, in particular a solution adapted to

Banking Business Spain / Business Banking

81


--- Page 68 ---

the collection of online hotel bookings, call centre payment
management, etc.

Banco Sabadell was also the first Spanish financial
institution to integrate the Click to Pay standard, demon-
strating its leadership in the world of payment methods.

The use of corporate cards has intensified, with 25%
more cards processed than in the previous year.

In order to adapt products to customers’ needs, an anal-
ysis of the portfolio of services associated with corporate
cards has been carried out in order to offer differentiated
products that add value to our customers.

Cash Management Service

During the year, work continued on the optimisation and
digitalisation of cash, to help shops, businesses and admin-
istrations in the management of both coins and banknotes.

In 2021, we continued to add solutions that are increas-
ingly suited to the needs of these establishments, with the
firm aim of helping Banco Sabadell customers to improve
the cash flow efficiency of their businesses.

The idea is to offer integration between the customer's
management systems and the Bank’s payment systems, as
well as to provide a cash collection service where neces-
sary, offering competitive financing for the overall solution
whenever customers need it.

Funding Solutions

Working capital financing has been recovering throughout
2021 as business activity has picked up, especially from
the second quarter onwards. This type of funding was
particularly affected in 2020 by the COVID-19 crisis. The
economic recovery has boosted the use of working capital
lines and companies have continued to make active use

of short-term financing products such as factoring and
reverse factoring, and other more traditional products such
as trade discounting and credit facilities.

The recovery in 2021 has led to a 7% increase in
factoring activity. Reverse factoring performed better
increasing by 19%.

Also noteworthy in 2021 was the significant use of solu-
tions linked to the ICO guarantee lines through the offer of
credit and confirming policies.

Itis also worth highlighting the central role of financing
solutions to help companies and the self-employed to face
the economic effects of COVID-19, with an offer mainly
linked to ICO lines and with special relevance during the
first half of the year.

The volume of production in loans to companies, SMEs
and the self-employed has been high during the first half of
the year, still linked to the effects of the COVID-19 pandem-
ic, while during the second half of the year there has been a
lower demand for new loan production as a result of the start
of the recovery of economic activity. However, overall, in
2021 loan demand has returned to pre-pandemic levels.

Financing for sustainable projects is one of our pri-
orities and this year we have continued to formalise
operations with ECO products and, in addition, we have
incorporated a better offer for these operations, which will

enable us to achieve our objectives of strengthening our
commitment and will to accompany our customers in the
transition to a more sustainable economy.

Renting and leasing

The year was marked by the effects of the pandemic and
mobility restrictions, which led to a decrease in product
activity. In addition to these factors, the semiconductor cri-
sis has had a decisive impact on the lack of vehicle stocks,
which further exacerbated recruitment difficulties despite
the timid recovery in demand.

On the positive side, the focus since 2020 on the supply
of sustainable vehicles has led to a considerable increase,
with the result that currently 12% of all new hires are
sustainable.

At the same time, the digital product range was rein-
forced in order to increase the uptake of online leads and
sales through this channel.

At the corporate level, 2021 was closed with the sale of
the renting subsidiary to ALD Automotive, Europe's num-
ber one operator, which will entail a leap in quality both in
terms of supply and competitiveness, separating the indus-
trial part of the product and focusing on the commercial
activity of Banco Sabadell’s network.

Sabadell Renting has built upon the capital goods
business’s focus on sustainability, with a range that in-
cludes sustainable products such as solar panels, electric
vehicle charging stations, LED lighting, etc. It has also
adapted its range of products and services to the current
situation, marketing products such as Trabajo Seguro
(for a Covid-free working environment at companies and
retail establishments), Trabajo Activo (technology leasing
for teleworking and in-person working) and Learning
Renting (an initiative to modernise the IT capabilities
of schools, teachers and students). It also strengthened
specific value proposals for customer segments - such as
agriculture or religious institutions - where it is a strong
market player.

In 2021, Banco Sabadell increased its range of sustain-
able leasing products, including Eco Leasing Inmobiliario
for financing properties with energy certificate A or B,
Leasing Autoconsumo for financing photovoltaic installa-
tions and Eco Leasing Vehiculos for vehicles with an ECO
or Zero energy label.

In terms of leasing production in 2021, there was an
increase in activity compared to December 2020 of 49% in
volume and 46% in the number of contracts, with a notable
increase in operations under official agreements and, spe-
cifically, the ICO state guarantee line.

Company Insurance

During the year 2021, we have worked on building a differ-
ential value proposition that will enable Banco Sabadell to
bea benchmark for our customers in the world of business
insurance. Improvements to the product and commercial
proposition have begun to be defined and will start to ma-
terialise over the coming year.

82 Businesses


--- Page 69 ---

The objective is to adapt the insurance offer to each seg-
ment of SME, retail, business and self-employed custom-
ers, seeking to offer a comprehensive product offering, with
a competitive product accompanied by a quality service.

In order to meet the proposed challenges, the figure of
the company insurance specialist will be strengthened to
provide him/her with the tools and autonomy necessary to
offer a quality service to customers.

International solutions

There has been a focus on implementing new solutions or
services aimed at meeting the needs of International ina
new scenario for post-COVID companies, reinforced by
active support from the International Business Managers.

In terms of financing, the ICO Comex Lines have been
launched to support companies with foreign trade business
to help them with an active commercial distribution aimed
at facilitating the growth of companies abroad.

At the same time, an agreement has been reached with
Opportunity Network, a fully digital service, to jointly
market the service to Spanish companies, so that they can
include their products and services on this platform, seek-
ing acommercial counterpart anywhere in the world.

Another differentiating element is the implementation
of eUCPs at the guarantees level. The ICC published new
guidance on the use of UCPs. As an entity, we have pro-
vided this information and training to interested compa-
nies, and we have also provided them with the published

Corporate & Investment
Banking

documentation. The specialist Managers of International
Business have incorporated it into their discussions with
customers and helped them to incorporate the new rules
into the normal dynamics of the companies.

In terms of training, we continued with the 4th cycle of
the Sabadell International Business Program for compa-
nies, dedicated to training companies in important aspects
of foreign trade in order to be able to carry out an Interna-
tional Business Plan in the most professional and efficient
way. In addition, the environment is conducive to complet-
ing this six-month training course with a university degree
inacompletely digital way.

The specialised monthly foreign trade newsletters
continue, incorporating topics aimed at companies, talking
about markets, international administrative procedures,
specialisation by sector of activity, ete.

The specialised InCompany Training courses on inter-
national business have also been reactivated, coinciding
with the needs of companies with new incorporations in
the foreign trade departments, which make it necessary to
be able to explain first-hand the technical tools to ensure
maximum security for foreign operations.

In terms of shares of documentary operations, the most
significant at the level of companies are the Export Letters
of Credits (32%), increasing the positioning and validat-
ing the reference that one out of every three operations in
Spain goes through Banco Sabadell, showing that the bank
is an entity actively focused on Companies serving foreign
trade.

Corporate Banking coordinates specialised
teams to offer an innovative, global
service tailored to customer needs.

Business overview

CIB (Corporate & Investment Banking) offers financial
solutions and advisory services to large companies and
financial institutions, both Spanish and foreign, through
branches throughout Spain and in 17 other countries.

This year, following the succession of the Group’s
governing bodies, a new structure of the Bank’s business-
es was established, with CIB becoming one of the three
essential units of the Bank, together with Retail Banking
and Business Banking, a division structured by differen-
tiating the needs of customers and the capacities of each
of the three different banks to provide the best service to
them.

CIB structures its activity around two axes: the
customer axis, whose objective is to provide service to

its natural customers across the entire spectrum of their
financial needs, delimited by their nature and which
includes the large Corporate Banking corporations; fi-
nancial institutions, Private Banking in the USA, and the
venture capital business developed through BS Capital
and, secondly, the Specialised Businesses area, which
groups together the activities of Structured Finance,
Treasury, Capital Markets and Contracting and Custody,
whose objective is to provide advice, the aim is to advise,
design and execute tailor-made operations that antici-
pate the specific financial needs of its customers, whether
companies or individuals, extending its scope from large
corporations to smaller companies and customers, inso-
far as its solutions are the best response to increasingly
complex financial needs.

Banking Business Spain / Corporate & Investment Banking

83


--- Page 70 ---

Management milestones in 2021 and
priorities for 2022

During 2021, CIB has maintained its objective of pri-
oritising the delivery of value to customers and thereby
contributing to their future growth and performance. In
this endeavour, it has continued to innovate and boost its
specialist capabilities, especially in the areas of Capital
Markets and Structured Finance, which are now able to
meet 100% of its customers’ financial needs. Our teams
are also constantly expanding their international cov-
erage, always focusing on those markets in which our
customers invest or have commercial interests.

2021 has been characterised by the active accompa-
niment of customers in the recovery and normalisation
of their business volumes and activity, as the health crisis
triggered by the COVID-19 pandemic has been controlled
and normalised, focusing on the search for optimal solu-
tions to restore stability to their financial profiles, adapt-
ing them to the needs, demands and requirements arising
as aresult of the changes in the economy and mode of
operation that the pandemic situation has brought with it.

The key areas in which Corporate & Investment
Banking works to transmit value to our customers are as
follows:

— Know-how through specialisation. The Corporate
Banking teams, located in the different countries
where we operate, have not only the specialisation of
the large corporate segment but also the knowledge
and penetration differentiated by sectors of activity in
order to be able to better understand and serve custom-
ers according to their own and sector's singularities.

— Coordination. Large corporates require special
solutions that are the result of involving several of the
Bank’s areas (specialist teams or even teams from
different countries). Coordination of all these teams
is pivotal for providing and transmitting value to our
customers.

— Specialisation. CIB has units that develop tailor-made
products for large corporations and financial insti-
tutions (Corporate Finance, Project Finance, Project
Bonds, Operation Syndication, Commercial Paper
Programmes, Debt Issuance, M&A, Asset Finance,
Derivatives, Risk Hedging, etc.). The units responsi-
ble for developing these customised products have a
transversal vocation across the entire Banco Sabadell
Group, also extending their capacities to the Corporate
and Institutional Banking segment.

— Innovation. This is the last, but by no means the least
important, of the key areas. Transitioning from idea to
action is vital to evolve in such a dynamic and de-
manding market as that of specialised financing and
large corporates. In this sense, we create the necessary
spaces and mechanisms for our teams to dedicate part
of their time to innovation, understood in its broadest
sense: innovation in products, in operations and also in
the way we collaborate and interact.

As in previous years, the key figures that best define
Corporate & Investment Banking’s performance will
continue to be total revenues, risk-adjusted profitability
on capital (RAROC), strict risk monitoring and advance
warning of potential impairments, as well as the NPS
(customer satisfaction), which is the best measure of how
our customers perceive the service.

Customer Axis
Corporate Banking Europe

Corporate Banking is the unit in charge of large corpo-
rates which, because of their size, complexity and unique
features, require a customised service in which transac-
tion banking services are supplemented by specialised
units; the result is a comprehensive solution model for
their needs. The business model is based on close strate-
gic relations with customers, providing them with global
solutions that are tailored to their needs while also taking
account of the specific features of their economic activity
and the markets in which they operate.

This unit also includes a series of branches and offices
abroad, notably in London, Paris and Lisbon, from where
the international activity of our domestic customers is
supported and serviced, and the international business of
Corporate Banking is developed.

In addition, this customer unit integrates the activity
carried out by BS Capital, which carries out the Group’s
Venture Capital and Private Equity activities, managing
the industrial (non-real estate) investees. Its activity is
instrumented through the taking of temporary holdings
in companies, with the aim of maximising the return on
its investments.

2021 has been characterised by the active accompani-
ment of our customers in the recovery and normalisation
of their business volumes and activity, as the health crisis
triggered by the COVID-19 pandemic has been controlled
and normalised, focusing on the search for optimal solu-
tions to restore stability to their financial profiles, adapt-
ing them to the needs, demands and requirements arising
as aresult of the changes in the economy and the way of
operating that the pandemic situation has brought with it
and helping them to strengthen their financial situation.

This year, therefore, has been characterised by
financial stability, in which large companies have bene-
fited from comfortable levels of liquidity, a legacy of the
previous year, which has materialised in a slight decrease
of 4.95% in the lending levels over the course of the year,
reaching 11,336 million euros, of which 34.29% corre-
spond to credit positions outside Spain (the decrease in
credit positions in the international sphere is 13.91%). In
the international arena, the evolution of business was also
marked by the focus on optimising the Group’s capital
consumption, combined with improved profitability. The
volume of deposits grew by 25.44% in 2021, with a par-
ticular concentration in Eurozone geographies.

Earnings, in absolute terms and expressed as spread,
declined by 7.94% over the year, mainly as a result of

84 Businesses


--- Page 71 ---

the aforementioned moderation in lending volumes. As
regards profitability in RAROC terms, specifically in the
EMEA region where its performance is closely monitored,
was 12.92% at year-end, avery positive level, although it
was influenced by an increase in marginal cost of cus-
tomer deposits and a certain rise in the cost of credit risk,
both of which were partly offset by the larger contribution
from commissions and, in particular, those associated
with value products (M&A, DCM, ECM, Structured Fin.,
Derivatives, etc.).

For its part, 2021 was an exceptional year for BS Capital,
in which it divested several of its most significant invest-
ees, achieving a record result in its history. Thus, during
the year, BS Capital has been very active in portfolio man-
agement, especially in the companies most affected by the
impact of COVID-19. Among the year’s milestones were
the formalisation of the sale of the majority stake in Auri-
ca Capital Desarrollo to its management team; the start
of the fundraising process for Aurica IV, whose investors
include Grupo Banco Sabadell as anchor investor, and the
granting of the first industrial mezzanine loans.

Exceptional year for BS Capital, with remarkable
operations in the renewable energy sector.

Equally noteworthy is the signing of an agreement with
the European Investment Fund (EIF) for a Pan-Euro-
pean Guarantee Fund guarantee programme (EGF) for
venture debt and renewable loans; the EIB’s approval of a
co-financing agreement with Sabadell Venture Capital for
granting venture debt loans to technology companies and
the closing of the contractual structure of the Senior Debt
Fund (Crisae) for financing Spanish mid-market compa-
nies, of which a first closing has already taken place, with
the participation of Grupo Banco Sabadell and external
investors, and the investment period has begun.

Lastly, milestones for 2021 include the approval of a
new framework for renewable energy activities for 2021-
2026 with a focus on Spain, for which the first invest-
ments have already been made, and the sale of the stakes
in Termosolar Borges and Villoldo Solar.

The year 2022 presents a series of challenges, includ-
ing finally leaving behind the effects of the pandemic that
began in 2020 and fully recovering the economic and
business levels of pre-pandemic activity, which Corporate
Banking faces by reinforcing its strategy of focusing and
improving the contribution of value to the segment of
large corporations in the various markets in which they
operate, with a range of services covering 100% of their fi-
nancing needs, in both the short and long term, in the do-
mestic market and supporting the international activity
of its customers through its international network, being
a financial provider of reference in all specialised areas.
The contribution of value to customers in the large cor-
porations segment and the improvement in profitability
for our shareholders are the two fundamental pillars of
the management of this unit, which will also focus next
year on optimising capital consumption, with the aim of
increasing the return on capital consumed.

In the BS Capital area, priority will be given to equity
and debt investments, with the support of international
organisations such as the EIB and the EIF, while con-
tinuing to manage the current portfolio with the same
standards as in previous years and with the clear objec-
tive of creating long-term value. As regards renewables,

financing opportunities will continue to be sought,
consistent with the new investment framework, and
potential sales of assets in Spain and Latin America will
be analysed. The venture debt activity and the rotation of
the venture capital portfolio will be supported by seeking
divestments with capital gains and Crisae will continue
with the origination and execution of operations (mobi-
lisation of funds raised) and a new external fundraising
process will be carried out to increase the investment
capacity of the vehicle.

Corporate and Private Banking USA

Banco Sabadell has been operating in the United States
for more than 25 years through an International Full
Branch managed from Miami and Sabadell Securities
USA, set up in 2008 and operational since then. These
business units together manage the international corpo-
rate banking and private banking business in the United
States and Latin America.

Banco Sabadell Miami Branch is the largest Inter-
national Branch in Florida. It is one of the few financial
institutions in the area with the capacity and experience
to provide all types of banking and financial services,
from the most complex and specialised services for large
corporations to international private banking prod-
ucts, including those products and services that may be
required by professionals and companies of any size. To
supplement its structure in Miami, the Bank has repre-
sentative offices in New York, Peru, Colombia and the
Dominican Republic.

Sabadell Securities USA, for its part, is a stockbroker
and investment advisor in the securities market that com-
plements and strengthens the business strategy aimed at
Private Banking customers residing in the United States,
responding to their needs by providing investment advice
in the capital markets.

The 2021 financial year was characterised by the
Branch’s alignment with the priorities set out in the 2021-
23 strategic plan. To this end, strategies were defined,

Banking Business Spain / Corporate & Investment Banking

85


--- Page 72 ---

and processes designed to improve the return on capital,
develop the Private Banking business, reduce costs and
control NPLs. Thus, different initiatives aimed at achiev-
ing each of these objectives have been carried out.

In the area of improving return on capital, itis worth
mentioning the implementation of processes to improve
the flow of data required for regulatory capital calcula-
tions, as well as the evolution and optimisation of profit-
ability tools per customer, with the consequent review of
operations to analyse and calibrate their return on capital
consumption. The favourable market conditions also
allowed the sale of certain proprietary portfolio positions
whose capital consumption exceeded the optimum, gen-
erating significant capital gains in addition to the capital
release resulting from the sale.

The Private Banking business continued to be boosted
by upgrading the technological platform (Phase II of the
Aspire Project) to improve customers’ capabilities; the use
of the products available was expanded, deepening the di-
versification of income sources, with particular emphasis
on commissions generated from transactions; the profit-
ability offered to customers was improved by rebalancing
between traditional banking products and investment
banking, which also boosted the generation of commis-
sions for the unit and progress was made in coordinating
the Private Banking infrastructure, enabling synergies
to be exploited and offering a wider range of investment
products to corporate customers.

In the area of costs, the efficiency plan initiated in
2020 continued, with particular emphasis on invest-
ments to improve the efficiency of processes and services
to customers and, in the area of NPL control, the process-
es for detecting and monitoring credit operations affect-
ed by the negative consequences of the pandemic were
further developed.

As mentioned above, during the year 2021, the
upgrade of the technological platform (Aspire Project)
continued to improve the capabilities available to custom-
ers and the business and support units, phase II of which
is being completed and phase III is pending commence-
ment, which is expected to be completed in 2023, and
the project to migrate interest rates from LIBOR to RFR
(Risk Free Rates) was launched. These two initiatives
are part of the operational improvement plan to adapt
the technological infrastructure to the new financial
environment.

Turning to the financial figures, it is worth noting that
during the 2021 financial year, the volume of business
managed exceeded 14,500 million US dollars, an increase
of 3.5%. Both the balance of loans and the volume of de-
posits remained stable, with the former at around 5,800
million US dollars and the latter at around 3,900 million
US dollars. Off-balance sheet customer assets under
management increased by 6.7% to close at almost 4,900
million US dollars.

Net interest income was 122 million US dollars, down
5.9% year-on-year, mainly due to lower official interest
rates. Net fee income was 53 million US dollars, an in-
crease of 16% compared to 2020. Gross income remained

stable at around 175 million US dollars for the year, while
administrative and amortisation expenses were up 2.4%,
reflecting investments in the technology platform. Net
profit for the year was 75 million US dollars, in line with
the previous year’s profit.

Specialised businesses
Structured finance

The Structured Finance Division encompasses the Struc-
tured Finance and Global Financial Institutions units.
This Division operates globally and has teams in Spain,
the US, the UK, Mexico, France, Peru, Colombia and
Singapore.

The Structured Finance activity focuses on the study,
design, origination and syndication of corporate finance
products and operations, acquisitions, project & asset
finance, global trade finance and commercial real estate,
with the capacity to underwrite and syndicate operations
at national and international level, as well as being active
in the primary and secondary markets for syndicated
loans.

Activity of the Structured
Finance Division

Line of business

Specialist Finance Advisory /Distribution

Project Finance and Asset Finance Syndication

Corporates and Acquisitions Commercial Real Estate
LBO (Leveraged buyout)

Trade Finance

Global Financial Institutions

The Global Financial Institutions unit manages the com-
mercial and operational relationship with the interna-
tional banks with which Banco Sabadell has collaboration
and correspondent agreements (some 3,000 correspond-
ent banks around the world), thus guaranteeing maxi-
mum coverage for the Banco Sabadell Group’s customers
in their international transactions. Thus, it ensures
optimal support of customers in their internationalisation
processes, in coordination with the Group's international
network of branches, subsidiaries an:

In 2021, Banco Sabadell, thanks to its policy of accom-
panying customers and adapting to their needs, to seek
the best responses to their credit requirements within the
possibilities offered by the credit markets in the specific
macroeconomic environment, maintained its benchmark
position in the Business Banking segment in Spain, good
work that is being exported to other geographies. In this
context, Financiaci6n Estructurada ranked 4th in the
MLA rankings for syndicated loans and 2nd in Project
Finance in the Spanish market.

investees.

86 Businesses


--- Page 73 ---

2" place in the Project finance MLA -
Spanish market 2021.

Million euro:
Ranking Mandated Lead Arranger Deal Value Number of sine en loan MLAS
2021

1 Santander 8,265 162

2 BBVA 5,230 123

3 CaixaBank 6,671 120

4 Banco de Sabadell 3,267 90

5 BNP Paribas 5,424 41

6 SG Corporate & Investment Banking 1,935 34

7 Credit Agricole CIB 1964 29

8 ING 2,108 24

9 Deutsche Bank 1,528 23

10 Bankinter 665 22

Million euro:

Ranking Mandated Lead Arranger Deal Value Number of ie ‘nance MIA
operations 5951,

1 Santander 985 20

2 Banco de Sabadell 397 aa

3 BBVA 334 6

4 BNP Paribas 323 5

5 ING 309 5

6 Abanca Corporacién Bancaria, S.A. 131 4

7 Bankinter 154 4

8 CaixaBank 202 4

9 SG Corporate & Investment Banking 245 4

10 Credit Agricole CIB 187 3

The 2021 financial year was characterised by the good
performance of Specialised Financing (Project Finance,
Acquisition Financing, Commercial Real Estate, etc.),
which offset the lower demand for corporate financing
following the liquidity injections received by the system in
2020, confirming the adaptation of the teams to remote
work, combined with face-to-face work where possible.
This adaptation has been successful in all geographies,
without affecting the agility of the processes, thanks to the
technology available and the quality and involvement of
the human team.

At the end of the 2021 financial year, and looking ahead
to 2022, which will still be marked by the effect of the
pandemic that began in 2020, our top priority remains to
support the customers by designing long-term financing
structures for new projects, acquisitions, internationali-
sation, etc., as well as syndicated operations that guaran-
tee a stable and complete debt for post-COVID-19 debt
management, assessing the positive potential of possible
solutions combined with capital market products.

Treasury and Markets

Treasury and Markets is responsible, on the one hand, for
marketing Treasury products to the Group’s customers,
through the Group’s units assigned for this purpose, both
from commercial networks and through specialists and,
on the other, for managing the Bank’s current liquidity,
as well as managing and complying with its regulatory
coefficients and ratios. In the same way, it manages the risk
of the portfolio activity itself, interest rate risk, and differ-
ent types of exchange rates, mainly due to in and out flow
operations with customers both internally and externally,
coming from the activity of the distribution units itself.

In 2021, the Treasury and Markets Division further
developed the digitalisation of its customer operations
by improving the Sabadell Forex currency application,
expanding its product catalogue and enhancing custom-
er satisfaction. In particular, the range of products and
solutions offered by management was increased to adapt
to the changing market situation which has generated new
customer needs, and the trading capacity to assume and
control various risk factors such as currency, fixed income
and interest rates was improved.

Banking Business Spain / Corporate & Investment Banking

87


--- Page 74 ---

Looking ahead to the new financial year 2022, it is ex-
pected that the activity related to currency products will
continue to be a central pillar of the strategy and, in this
regard, projects related to the Sabadell Forex platform will
be promoted to provide differential services of value to
customers. As regards the institutional customer segment,
work will continue to expand the international investor
base for capital market products. In trading, the aim is

to boost the capacity to manage risk on our own books,
reducing hedges with other entities, and continuing to
develop collateral management in order to take the fullest
advantage of it.

Capital markets

Capital Markets is the CIB Division that coordinates the
channelling of institutional investors’ liquidity to the
Bank's business customers, in both debt products and
capital instruments.

Furthermore, via its M&A (Mergers & Acquisitions) ar-
eas, it provides advice on company acquisitions and sales,
mergers and the incorporation of new shareholders.

2021 has been the year of consolidation of the MMCC
franchise for companies in Banco Sabadell, as well as the
start of the commercialisation of several of the projects
launched.

The team is once again one of the most active in the
origination of public issues, having participated in more
than 60 public issuances, most notably those of corporates
and financial issuers. 2021 was another record year in
terms of the Capital Markets Division's participation in
commercial paper programmes, maintaining a market
share of over 15%.

One of the basic pillars of activity is the closing of
niche operations, such as Project Bonds, securitisations or
Direct Lending, with a view to becoming a benchmark in
the green world. Of particular note among the operations
this year were the structuring of the financing of future
credit rights through a securitisation fund and the design
of derivatives for operation and maintenance contracts for
power generation plants. The purchase of the credit rights
has been financed with a long-term bond issue that has
been listed on the MARF with an investment grade and
green rating.

In renewable energy project bonds, a total of six oper-
ations were closed for an aggregate amount of 722 million
euros, including two operations secured by a monoline
with an S&P rating of AA, as well as three operations at
Holdco level.

MMCC continues to focus on offering tailor-made
financing solutions, in bond or loan format, in various
sectors, from Real Estate to Infrastructure, especially in
the domestic middle market segment.

The Equity Capital Markets team has strengthened
its position with a number of operations, including being
Bookrunner of the Cellnex capital increase and the IPO
of Ecoener, as well as co-leads in the IPO of Acciona
Renovables.

In Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A), the Bank advised

the shareholders of the Castell6n-based tile manufac-
turer Equipe on its merger with Italy’s Italcer, as well as
the Valencian pre-prepared convenience food company
Foodiverse on the purchase of the healthy food wholesaler
Comfresh; advised Alicante-based Chocolates Valor on
the purchase of Portuguese chocolate and confectionery
company Imperial; the shareholders of the hybrid plant
Termosolar de Borges on its sale to Q Energy and the
shareholders of a 14MW wind farm to Italy’s PLT Energia.
It has also advised the Gipuzkoan seafood products com-
pany Angulas de Aguinaga in the purchase of the Italian
fish ready meals company Deligusti and the Navarre-based
photovoltaic capital goods company STI Norland in its sale
to the US company Array.

MMCC%sstrategy in 2022 is to consolidate, maintain
and improve the quality standards in the activity, mainly
in the process of channelling institutional financing to our
SME customers, as well as to conclude the commercialisa-
tion of two large projects such as the Senior Debt Fund and
the institutional factoring initiative.

Trading, Custody and Research

CCA is the unit responsible, as product manager, for the
group's equities, performing the functions of execution
in equities, through the trading desk, both in domestic
markets, where it acts as amember, and in international
markets, as a mere intermediary.

Ithas an Analysis Department whose objective is to
guide and recommend investments in equity and loan
markets for customers. To this end, they produce podcasts,
webinars, videos, daily reports, sectoral reports, company
reports, etc.

In the first half of 2021, the transfer of the bank’s in-
stitutional depositary business to BNP Paribas Securities
Services S.C.A., branch in Spain, was completed, closing
the agreement reached between both parties on 28 March
2020.

Developments were also made to the online platforms
throughout 2021, in line with the new strategic objec-
tives of the Banco Sabadell Group, based on the pillars of
sustainability, digitalisation and customer focus. These
developments, which will continue over the next few years,
will considerably increase the level of service offered to the
customer, with better solutions in transaction processing
and greater support in decision-making.

The renewal of the online platform, with a major
qualitative leap in information service and market access
compared to the previous one, has provided customers
with quality solutions based on self-service, enabling them
to make investment decisions with maximum efficiency.

Currently, 95% of orders are channelled directly by
customers, using the tools that Banco Sabadell makes
available to them, with the mobile application being the
preferred channel for these operations.

For the 2022 financial year, the main objective is to
increase brokerage volumes in the Spanish and interna-
tional equity markets, based on three main lines of action:
the continuous improvement of the customer satisfaction,

88 Businesses


--- Page 75 ---

adding value with the recommendations and investment
ideas of our analysis service; the creation of new ways of
investing in the stock market, with new products that meet
the needs and expectations of the most advanced investors

in the financial markets and, thirdly, the determined
promotion of our international agent banking service for
Spanish listed companies that seek financing in interna-
tional regulated markets, both equities and fixed income.

Product innovation in the areas of Capital
Markets and Structured Finance.

Banking Business UK
Business overview

TSB (TSB Banking Group plc) offers a range of retail
banking services and products to individuals and small
business banking customers in the UK. TSB has a mul-
ti-channel model, including fully digital (internet and
mobile), telephone and national branch banking service.

We believe that TSB’s multi-channel offer creates an
opportunity for TSB to serve customers better. Customers
want a bank that gives them access to both skilled people
and simple digital tools to meet their banking needs and
this, in turn, improves their confidence in managing their
money. TSB continues to invest in the development of
digital products and services that meet current and future
customer needs. Combined with the way that TSB serves
its customers over the phone or in its network of branches
across the whole of the country, TSB lives up to its pur-
pose of “Money Confidence. For Everyone. Every day.”

TSB offers current and savings accounts, personal
loans, mortgages and credit/debit cards for retail cus-
tomers and a broad range of current, savings and lending
products for SME customers.

Management team priorities
in 2021

While 2020 was defined by the response to the pandemic,
2021 was about getting back to growth and delivering
the Money Confidence purpose. The three-year strategy,
launched in 2019, is based on three pillars: customer
focus, simplification and efficiency, and operational
excellence. This strategy will be finalised next year when
the Board and Executive Committee will incorporate our
strategic developments and prepare the bank for even
greater success in the future as we develop the next phase
of the TSB story.

Executing Strategy

TSB’s customer service is improving and customers have
more ways of engaging with the bank than ever before.
TSB is a simpler, more efficient and more resilient bank
and has become more streamlined in how customers
are supported with both modern digital services and

reassuring personal support in branch or over the phone

when life events demand it.

In 2021 TSB recorded:

— outstanding growth in mortgages, breaking all pre-
vious records for TSB, including helping more than
16,000 first-time buyers to get their foot on the first
rung of the property ladder;

— the new Spend & Save Plus current account - with
additional features to help customers manage their
money;

— partnerships that increase customers’ financial securi-
ty, such as with Wealthify and Freedom Finance; and

— 135 branch upgrades, and over 40 new ‘pop-up’ services
to enhance our service to customers.

The new Technology Hub in Edinburgh and cloud-based
architecture has provided a robust and stable digital
platform that offers customers more convenient services
quickly and cost-effectively. The enthusiasm of TSB’s col-
leagues to adopt a digital-first approach has meant that
better services can be provided more flexibly, including
new video consultations for mortgage customers and
chatbot TSB Smart Agent in the mobile app. Together,
these have contributed to improved Net Promotor Scores
(NPS) by customers for banking on mobile in the second
half of the year.

TSB workers have taken ownership of the bank’s pur-
pose: “Money confidence. For Everyone. Every day” and
find new ways to support customers, particularly through
the continuing challenge of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Customers increasingly expect more from compa-
nies and want the brands they deal with to share their
values. TSB’s responsible business strategy - the Do
What Matters Plan - ensures that the bank continues to
grow sustainably and do the right thing by customers,
colleagues and the communities that TSB serves. For
TSB, this means setting the gold standard for consumer
protection through its industry-leading Fraud Refund
Guarantee, paying suppliers promptly, ensuring there are
more women in senior roles, working towards stretch-
ing diversity goals, and getting on with the vital work to
achieve operational net zero by 2030.

Banking Business UK / Management team priorities in 2021. 89


--- Page 76 ---

Key figures

Net profit stood at 118 million euros as of the end of the
2021 financial year, representing an improvement on last
year’s figure of -220 million euros, due to higher core reve-
nues, lower costs and fewer provisions.

Net interest income amounted to a total of 1,011 mil-
lion euros, 14.3% higher than in the previous year due to
the strong growth of mortgage volumes.

Net fees and commissions increased by 24.9% year-
on-year, mainly due to higher service fees, particularly
card fees.

Operating expenses stood at -785 million euros and
decreased by 10.3% year-on-year, due to the improvement

Million euro

of both staff expenses and general expenses. In 2021, -19
million euros of non-recurring costs are recorded as a
result of office closures.

In 2021 the expense for provisions and impairments
has been offset by the release of provisions for COVID-19
due to updated macroeconomic scenarios with minor un-
employment and a higher house price index. The previous
year incorporated extraordinary provisions associated
with the impact of COVID-19.

Tax relief of 23 million euros is recorded under corpo-
ration tax in 2021 related to the UK parliament's enact-
ment of a corporation tax increase from 19% to 25% to
take effect as from April 2023.

Key figures of the banking

2020 —_Year-on-year

change (2) business UK
Net interest income 1,011 885 14.3
Fees and commissions (net) 121 96 24.9
Core revenues 1,132 984 15.3
Net trading income and exchange differences 2 25 (90.3)
Equity-accounted income and dividends _ _ _
Other operating income and expenses (33 2 (2,096.3)
Gross income 1,101 1,008 9.2
Operating expenses and depreciation and (942) (4,035) (9.0)
amortisation
Pre-provisions income 159 (27) (685.4)
Provisions and impairments _ (240) (200.0)
Gains on sale of assets and other results (9) (4) 120.6
Profit/(loss) before tax 150 (271) (155.4)
Corporation tax (32 51 (162.6)
Profit or loss attributed to minority interests _ _ _
Profit attributable to the Group 118 (220) (153.7)
ROE (profit / average shareholders’ equity) 4.5% _ _
Cost-to-income (general administrative 71.3% 86.8% _
expenses / gross income)
NPL ratio 1.4% 1.3% _
NPL coverage ratio of stage 3 with total provisions 38.1% 57.4% _
In TSB, gross performing loans to customers has grown
by 19.1% year-on-year, supported by the appreciation of
sterling. At a constant exchange rate, this item increased
by 11.3% year-on-year due to the growth of the mortgage
portfolio.
On-balance sheet customer funds increased by 11.9%.
Ataconstant exchange rate, there has been a growth of
4.6% year-on-year due to the increase in current accounts
reflecting higher levels of consumer saving.
90 Businesses


--- Page 77 ---

Million euro

Key figures of the banking

2021 2020 Year-on-year business UK

change (%)
Assets 55,657 47,284 17.7
Gross performing loans to customers 44,050 36,977 19.1
Liabilities 53,012 45,566 16.3
On-balance sheet customer funds 42,779 38,213 11.9
Wholesale funding in the capital markets 2,975 2,319 28.3
Allocated capital 2,645 1,736 52.3
Off-balance sheet customer funds - - -
Other indicators
Employees 5,762 6,709 (14.4)
Branches 290 454 (36.1)

Banking Business Mexico
Business overview

As part of the internationalisation process that com-
menced under the previous strategic framework, the
Bank decided to focus on Mexico, a country that repre-
sents a clear opportunity as an attractive market for the
banking business and one in which Sabadell has been op-
erating since 1991, first by opening a representative office
and then through its interest in Banco del Bajio, held for
14years (from 1998 to 2012).

The business was established in Mexico through an
organic project with the creation of two financial vehicles,
starting with a SOFOM (multi-purpose financial compa-
ny), which commenced operations in 2014, followed by a
bank. The banking licence was obtained in 2015 and the
bank commenced operations in early 2016.

Both vehicles operate using a customer-focused
approach, with agile processes, digital channels and no
branches. The roll-out of commercial capacities is based
on the aforementioned vehicles and the following busi-
ness lines:

— Corporate Banking, with the focus on companies and
major corporations: 3 branches (Mexico City, Monter-
rey and Guadalajara) and sector-specific specialisation.

— Banking for Companies, which reproduces the group’s
original business relationship model: launched in 2016,
it has continued to expand since then.

— Personal Banking, based on a disruptive digital model
initially focused on capturing customer funds, recent-
ly buoyed by commercial alliances to offer consumer
loans. By the end of 2021, the closure of the digital
businesses began as a strategy to give greater impetus
to traditional banking, which will be completed by the
beginning of 2022.

Management priorities in
2021

During the year, the global COVID-19 pandemic contin-
ued to wreak havoc, affecting various sectors of the econ-
omy in Mexico and other countries, leading to the closure
of businesses and hence a slowdown in lending and higher
non-performing loans (NPLs). In this context, the Mexi-
can subsidiaries (Banco Sabadell, IBM) performed well,
since the numbers are above the budget for the year.

During 2021, the Mexican subsidiaries continued to
focus on growth, financial self-sufficiency, and profitabili-
ty. The following initiatives were implemented during the
year:

— In Corporate Banking, Banco Sabadell’s Fiduciary
Division and the transaction of Derivative Financial
Instruments were strengthened, enabling a more
comprehensive service to be offered to the structured
finance segment, which strengthens the link with
customers.

— In Business Banking, we continued to enhance our
transactional capabilities, an initiative that will contin-
ue in 2022. Initiatives in the commercial model and a
new incentive scheme seek to boost banker productiv-
ity and efficiency and to continue offering an excellent
service, which has been a distinctive feature since this
segment was created.

— In the Retail Banking segment, the decision was taken
at the end of the year to start closing the digital busi-
nesses in order to focus on those businesses where there
are greater competitive advantages that will improve
the Bank’s profitability.

Other horizontal initiatives implemented in the year in-
clude: 1) a delinquency prevention plan with restructuring
support, 2) strengthening IT architecture, and 3) estab-
lishment of new funding lines in MXN and USD. The
latter initiatives served to optimise funding and capital in
the Mexican franchise.

Banking Business Mexico / Management priorities in 2021

g1


--- Page 78 ---

A financial planning exercise was conducted in 2021 in
line with that of Banco Sabadell Group to determine
the main lines of strategic approach for Banco Sabadell
in Mexico with the goal of driving value creation by the
Group’s Mexican franchise, as summarised below:

— Enhancement of ROE by increasing income with-
out capital consumption (through greater fees and
commissions and fostering new business lines, such
as consumer lending, derivatives, currency trading,
trusts, etc.).

— Promotion of financial self-sufficiency actions,
through: i) the incorporation of transactional services
and products that increase customer loyalty; and ii)
improvement of our customer onboarding platform.

On 6 July, HR Ratings ratified the long-term and short-
term credit ratings in Mexican national scale, maintain-
ing HR AA+ (long-term) with Stable Outlook and also
maintaining HR1 (short-term) which is based on the
financial and operational support from Banco Sabadell,
and which continues to show low delinquency levels, in
addition to solvency levels and the diversification of the
loan portfolio per geographic area.

Key figures

Net profit at the end of the 2021 financial year amounted
to 1 million euros, representing a decline in year-on-year
terms, mainly due to reduced net interest income and
increased costs and provisions.

Net interest income amounted to 113 million euros
having fallen by 1.4%, affected by reduced volumes.

Net fees and commissions amounted to 11 million
euros, 41.6% higher than the previous year due to one-off
transactions and increased activity.

Operating expenses stood at -81 million euros having
increased year-on-year, mainly due to higher staff and IT
costs.

Provisions and impairment losses amounted to -32
million euros, higher than in the previous year mainly due
to impairment and credit risk calculation models update.

Million euro:
3024 2020 Yearonyear —_°Y figures of the banking
change (%) business Mexico
Net interest income 113 114 (1.4)
Fees and commissions (net) 44 7 41.6
Core revenues 123 122 1.2
Net trading income and exchange differences = 4 (98.1)
Equity-accounted income and dividends _ _ _
Other operating income and expenses (40) (14) _
Gross income 114 112 1.3
Operating expenses and depreciation and amorti- 89) (82) 9.4
sation
Pre-provisions income 24 30 (20.5)
Provisions and impairments (32) (28) 17.4
Gains on sale of assets and other results (0.011) _ _
Profit/(loss) before tax (8) 3 (382.0)
Corporation tax 9 1 557.9
Profit or loss attributed to minority interests _ _ _
Profit attributable to the Group a 4 (88.4)
Cumulative ratios
ROE (profit / average shareholders’ equity) 0.1% 0.8% _
Cost-to-income (general administrative 71.1% 64.3% _
expenses / gross income)
NPL ratio 1.0% 0.5% _
NPL coverage ratio of stage 3 with total provisions 265.7% 231.6% _
92 Businesses


--- Page 79 ---

Gross performing loans to customers grew by 5.6% year-
on-year, supported by the appreciation of the Mexican
peso. At a constant exchange rate, this item fell by 1.3%

due to a conservative policy for granting new loans.

On-balance sheet customer funds increased by 23.0%

year-on-year, supported by the evolution of the Mexican
peso exchange rate. At a constant exchange rate, this item

increased by 16.2%.

Million euro
2021 2020 Year-on-year
change (%)
Assets 5,128 4,584 11.9
Gross performing loans to customers 3,773 3,574 5.6
Real estate exposure (net) = _ =
Liabilities 4,550 4,041 12.6
On-balance sheet customer funds 2,453 1,993 23.1
Allocated capital 578 551 49
Off-balance sheet customer funds - - -
Other indicators
Employees 453 489 (7.4)
Branches 15 15 —

Banking Business Mexico / Key figures

Key figures of the banking
business Mexico

93


--- Page 80 ---

Risks

95 Strategic risk management and control
processes
95 Main 2021 milestones in risk management
and control
Strategic risk
Credit risk
Financial risk
Operational risk
Compliance risk


--- Page 81 ---

In 2021, Banco Sabadell Group continued
to strengthen its Global Risk Framework by
making improvements in line with best
practices in the financial sector.

The Group maintains a medium-low risk profile, in articulated through the Risk Appetite Statement (RAS),

accordance with the risk appetite defined by the Boardof —_ under which all material risks are monitored, tracked

Directors. and reported, and the necessary control and adaptation
The Group’s risk strategy is fully implemented and systems are established to ensure compliance:

linked to the Strategic Plan and the Group’s risk capacity,

Strategic risk management
and control processes

1

Risk strategy

linked to the
Strategic planning > StrategicPlan =~
ICAAP and risk
ILAAP capacity
Recovery Plan
Remuneration / \

Implementation

Control and i i
Communication of the Risk Appetite 2
4 adequacy Statement
(RAS)
iN /

_ Monitoring vA

and reporting

3

Main 2021 milestones in risk
management and control

Below are the most noteworthy aspects in terms of their
management and actions of the first-tier risks identified
in Banco Sabadell Group’s risk taxonomy in 2021:

Main 2021 milestones in risk management and control 95


--- Page 82 ---

Strategic risk

Definition:

Risk of losses (or negative impacts in general) as a result
of the adoption or subsequent implementation of stra-
tegic decisions. It also includes the inability to adapt the
Group’s business model to the evolution of the environ-
ment in which it operates.

Main milestones in 2021:
(i) Strategy and reputation

— An outstanding position supporting customers during
the health crisis and in the transition towards a more
digital model.

(ii) TSB

— Throughout 2021, TSB has been completing the
actions of its Master Plan to improve profitability and
efficiency.

(iii) Improvement of the capital position

— The CET1 ratio improved to 12.22% in fully-loaded
terms at 2021 year-end, driven significantly by organic
capital creation. Generalised capital compliance with
regulatory requirements.

— Total Capital also improved, ending 2021 at 17.65%,
and the Leverage ratio increased from 5.04% to 5.81%
year-on-year (in fully-loaded terms).

(iv) Profitability

— Group net profit amounted to 530 million euros in
2021. The Group’s banking revenues remain strong and
are close to pre-crisis levels.

— During 2021, a series of efficiency initiatives have been
launched in Spain, which will help reduce recurrent
costs and which include further digitalisation of cus-
tomer services and process re-engineering.

96

Credit risk

Definition:

Credit risk refers to the risk of incurring losses as a result
of borrowers’ failure to comply with payment obligations,
as well as experiencing a loss of value due to the impair-
ment of borrowers’ creditworthiness.

Main milestones in 2021:
(i) Non-performing assets

— Slight increase in the NPL ratio from 3.6% to 3.7%,
mainly due to higher inflows from the regulatory
changes in TSB and the repurchase of non-performing
Spain portfolios.

(ii) Concentration

— From a sectoral point of view, diversified loan book
with limited exposure to sectors with higher sensitivity
to COVID-19 and with a downward trend.

— Also, in terms of individual concentration, the down-
ward trend in the concentration risk metrics of large
exposures continues, due to both a lower exposure (nu-
merator) and an increase in capital (denominator). The
credit rating of the largest exposures is affected, albeit
not significantly, by a deterioration of balance sheets,
resulting from the health crisis.

— In geographical terms, the portfolio is positioned in the
most dynamic regions, both nationally and interna-
tionally. International lending continues to account for
around a third of the loan book

(iii) Lending performance

— Gross performing loans continued to grow year-on-
year in all geographies with growth of +2.3% in Spain,
+19.1% at TSB and +5.6% in Mexico per annum.

— In Spain, year-on-year growth was mainly support-
ed by commercial loan to companies, SMEs and the
self-employed as well as by the increase in individual
mortgages. The project finance portfolio was also dy-
namic, with particular traction in sustainable projects.

(iv) TSB loan performance

— At TSB, all loan categories showed solid growth, es-
pecially in mortgages. Growth in mortgages benefited
from increased mortgage market activity, as well as
TSB’s operational resilience to absorb the increase in
demand. Consumer loans and personal loans increased
once the lockdown was lifted.

Risks


--- Page 83 ---

Financial risk

Definition:

Possibility of obtaining insufficient profitability or having
insufficient liquidity such as to prevent compliance with
requirements and future expectations.

Main milestones in 2021:
(i) Robust liquidity position

— Solid liquidity position, where the LCR (Liquidity
Coverage Ratio) stands at 221% at the end of 2021 at
Group level (194% at MLU TSB and 254% at Banco
Sabadell Spain) and the NSFR (Net Stable Funding
Ratio) at 141% at Group level (149% at MLU TSB and
137% at Banco Sabadell Spain) both at the end of 2021,
after having optimised funding sources with access to
new long-term financing from the ECB (TLTRO IID)
for a total amount of 32,000 million euros and with the
Bank of England (TFSME) for an amount of 6,545 mil-
lion euros, as well as maintaining a growing generation
of commercial gap in 2021.

— The loan to deposits ratio at the closure of September
2021 is 96.3% with a balanced retail funding structure.

— Moreover, as regards capital markets, in 2021, Banco
Sabadell fulfilled its issuance plan, and its strong inves-
tor appetite enabled it to optimise the associated costs.

(ii) Structural interest rate risk

— The Bank continued to adapt the balance sheet struc-
ture to the current and expected environment of neg-
ative rates in the Eurozone, showing great resilience
to possible future declines. The mortgage portfolio in
Spain is exhibiting an increasing preference for fixed
rates. On the liabilities side, the customer deposit base
makes it possible to pass negative rates on to the whole-
sale segments.

— The Bank maintained its programme of adaptation to
the new benchmark indices following the entry into
force of the European Benchmark Regulation (BMR)
and it has successfully achieved the milestones set for
the EUR and other affected currencies (mainly USD
and GBP).

Operational risk

Definition:

Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting
from failures or inadequacies in people, processes, and
systems or from unforeseen external events.

Main milestones in 2021:
(i) Digital transformation

— Sustained increase in the use of digital/assisted chan-
nels both in terms of volume and type of transactions,
mainly due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic
and the change in the business model, mainly at the
retail level. In general, this increase in transactions was
not matched by a proportional increase in the losses
associated with this type of channel; accordingly, the
control environment is considered to have performed
appropriately.

— The implementation and adoption of telework, also
derived from COVID-19, also caused a change in the
risk profile associated with the execution of internal
processes and it was necessary to implement specific
controls aimed at protecting employees and informa-
tion, incorporating the massive adoption of secure
corporate laptops which have proven to be effective, as
no events or incidents related to this new situation and
way of working have been detected.

(ii) Business model transformation

— Asa result of the changes and adaptations made on the
occasion of COVID-19 and within the new Strategic
Plan, the process of change and transformation to-
wards a digital business model has been accelerated, in
which customer relations have evolved towards greater
use of non-face-to-face channels and, consequently, a
reduction in the branch network.

— This process of change has driven the adaptation of the
entity's systems, processes and activities, ensuring the
robustness of the existing control environment, min-
imising exposure to risks and developing and imple-
menting new opportunities arising from the transfor-
mation associated with the new business model.

Main 2021 milestones in risk management and control 97


--- Page 84 ---

Compliance risk

Definition:

Compliance risk, which is part of operational risk, is de-
fined as the possibility of incurring legal or administrative
sanctions, significant financial losses or reputational loss-
es due to non-compliance with laws, regulations, internal
rules and codes of conduct applicable to the banking
business, minimising the possibility of non-compliance
and ensuring that any non-compliance that may occur is
identified, reported and dealt with diligently.

Main milestones in 2021:

(i) Promoting a culture of ethics and
compliance among employees

— Designing and approving the new Code of Conduct.

— Strengthening of the Regulatory School to cover the
training needs of employees in a user-friendly way in
each of its classrooms: Regulators and Supervisors
Classroom, Ethics and Conduct Classroom, Sale and
Contracting of Products and Services Classroom, Pre-
vention of Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist
Financing Classroom, Data Protection Classroom and
Customer Service Space.

(ii) Planning and monitoring

— The Compliance establishes, applying the principle
of proportionality in accordance with the nature,
volume and complexity ofits activities, a Compliance
Programme which includes a detailed planning of its
activities. This programme covers all services provided
and activities carried out by the entity and defines its
priorities based on the assessment of compliance risk
and in coordination with the Risk Control function.

— Inorder to guarantee the effectiveness of the Pro-
gramme, two half-yearly Monitoring Plans have been
drawn up, which include two types of information:
those that illustrate the activities developed froma
quantitative perspective, with KPIs linked to the op-
erational execution of the programme, and those that
deal with qualitative variables.

— The action plan required to implement in the Bank
the new obligations of Royal Decree-Law 7/21, which
transposes the 5“ EU directive on the prevention of
money laundering and terrorist financing, has been
carried out.

(iii) Relationship with supervisors
— Management maintains constant interaction with the
main authorities supervising the Bank’s activities.

— All requests received from the different supervisors
have been dealt with within the established deadlines.

98

(iv) Incorporation of the Customer Ser-

vice Department into the Compliance

Division

— In May 2021, as a result of the new structure designed
and aligned with the new Bank of Spain Banking
Guidelines published in July 2021, the Customer Ser-
vice Department will be incorporated into the Compli-

ance Division, initiating a process of adaptation to its
organisation and functioning.

For more details of the corporate risk culture, the global
risk framework and the overall organisation of the risk
function as well as the main financial and non-financial
risks, see note 4 “Risk management” in the consolidated
Annual Accounts for 2021.

Risks
