

--- Page 1 ---

Who
we are

We responsibl

create si

ams OSRAM is a global leader in optical
solutions with a focus on sensing and
lighting technologies. We are known for our
imagination, deep engineering expertise
and worldwide industrial manufacturing
capacities. We imagine radically new appli-
cations that make life better for everyone.
Using the full spectrum of light, we capture,
analyze and visualize the information our
environment provides. We enable humans
and machines to comprehend and interact
with the world around us: to make journeys
safer, medical diagnoses more accurate
and everyday moments of communication
a richer experience,

Based on our vision to become the un-
contested leader in optical solutions, we
continuously advance our technologies in
sensing, illumination and visualization. We
offer what we believe to be the broadest
portfolio of optical solutions and technol-
ogies: from high-quality light emitters and
optical components to micro-modules, light
sensors, ICs and the related software and
algorithms.

Our deep system understanding, paired
with our unique expertise in the areas of
emitting, directing, sensing and processing
light, makes us the partner of choice for
many industries. We enable our customers
in the automotive, consumer, healthcare
and industrial sectors to create innovative,
market-changing applications and thus
maintain their competitive edge.

With a view to creating technologies for
breakthrough applications, we continue to
add to our innovation roadmap through
significant R&D investments and strategic
acquisitions, strengthening our strong IP
position with more than 15,000 patents. We
continually invest in our leading semicon-
ductor expertise and world-class manufac-
turing network to live up to our reputation
of reliably bringing top quality to the world
cat scal

By systematically executing our strategy
to gain innovation and technology leader-
ship, we make our vision come true wh
ensuring long-term profitable growth for
‘our company and its stakeholders.

15


--- Page 2 ---

(Our employees are the foundation for our
company’s long-term success. Thanks to
their unprecedented support, we have been
able to realize significant integration steps
for our company during a global pandem-
ic. Around 24,000 experts globally bring
passion to innovation, day by day. We work
together as a unified team in a truly global
network to anticipate the future and create
market-leading solutions for our customers.

We believe our deep engineering expertise
along the entire value chain of optical solu-
tions is unparalleled in the industry today.
Inspired by our proud heritage of pioneer-
ing innovation and our ambition to set the
benchmark in our markets, we are able to
attract the best talent around the globe.

To position ams OSRAM as an employer of
choice, we are investing heavily in a wide
range of communication and marketing
activities.

To support our corporate culture and foster
appreciative and respectful relationships,
we build on a set of clear core values and
leadership principles. We imagine the im-
possible and make it happen.

We offer a dynamic, engaging and positive
work atmosphere and exciting opportu
nities for both personal and professional
development in a highly diverse interna-
tional environment. A variety of employee
communities, self-managed networks and
mentorships, combined with our extensive
ams OSRAM University, support our com-
mitment to lifelong learning.

We continuously and systematically ad-
dress the development of our employees,
based on regular and structured dialog be-
tween employees and managers, supported
by a comprehensive training program at
‘our ams OSRAM University.

Treating our employees with respect and
appreciation also includes fair and perfor-
mance-related compensation. Diversity and
inclusion are an integral part of our com-
pany, based on along history. They actively
shape our global business. International
customer and supplier relationships require
cultural competence and flexibility, and
diverse teams bring a high level of innova-
tion.

We are one company, one team - valued by
customers and ready to shape the technol-
‘ogy trends of tomorrow.

v7


--- Page 3 ---

22

We are a worldwide leader in optical
technologies serving the entire value chain
of optical solutions. From product idea to
tangible concept through to the manufac-
turing process, we enable our customers to
create ground-breaking solutions for the
automotive, consumer, industrial and med-
ical markets. What makes us unique in our
opinion is our broad technology spectrum,
since we cover the emission of light as well
as its detection through sensing and intel-
ligent processing. Our innovative products
and solutions range from light emitters,

optical components and micro-modules to
light sensors, related ICs, algorithms and
software. They are designed for best-in-
class performance, size, cost and energy
efficiency.

We are experts in the development and
integration of a wide range of optical
solutions, from single components through
to complex systems. This enables us to be
market and innovation leaders and clearly
differentiate ourselves from the competition.



--- Page 4 ---

24

Automotive: Setting the benchmark as a trusted innovation partner

Advanced technologies and new mobility
concepts are transforming the automo-
tive industry, making vehicles increasingly
safe and smart. As a long-time innovation
leader in semiconductor technologies, we
play a crucial role in the ongoing redefini-
ion of mobility - from cars to two-wheel-
ers and beyond. We are able to turn ideas
into breakthrough technologies, with the
highest quality and reliability. This makes
us a trusted partner for leading automotive
manufacturers and their suppliers.

Our cutting-edge solutions for interior and
exterior lighting and sensing add real value
to road safety and comfort. We enable
automotive manufacturers worldwide to
create intelligent lighting and visualization
solutions, realize advanced driver-assis-
tance systems (ADAS) and pave the way

to automated and autonomous driving,
based on our pioneering technologies such
as LIDAR and energy-efficient, miniaturized
products

Our innovative matrix LED for dynamic
headlights caters to the trend toward intel-
gent driving lights and enables the light
beam to be instantly adapted to the traffic
situation. Its ability to visualize information,
ke projecting information and warning
symbols onto the road, assists the driver
and enables vehicle-to-everything (V2X)
communication.

Automated cars are expected to increas-
ingly transform into living spaces. High-res-
olution displays, smart surfaces, seamless
human-machine interaction and adaptable
ambient lighting solutions are integrated
into the car of the future. Our optical solu-
tions enable high levels of convenience and
more attractive user experiences with high
energy efficiency.

We provide the key technologies to improve
safety for drivers and passengers, such as
interior sensor technology for driver moni-
toring and different warning systems.

With our technologies, we are shaping au-
tomotive mobility, making it safer, smarter
and more comfortable.

Making light
intelligent

Intelligent forward lighting brings car safety to another level. In the future,

multifunctional, intelligent headlamps will illuminate the road and com-
municate with the environment at the same time - this progress is due to

cutting-edge semiconductor technology.

Our Eviyos LED represents our innovation leadership in highly pixelated

ight sources with low energy and space needs. Its more than 25,000 indi-
vidually controllable pixels make it possible to adapt the light beam to the
driving situation, with optimum illumination of the road and without any
glare. Not only does it provide for permanently glare-fee high beam light, it
also brings HD-quality projections onto the road. Car-to-driver communi-
cation, such as projections of warming signals or welcome messages, can
be realized with a single LED light source.


--- Page 5 ---

26

Consumer: Creating inspiring user experiences with pioneering

technologies

Smartphones, computers, tablets and
wearables are constant companions that
connect us to the world, making our lives
easier and safer while allowing us to inter-
act, capture moments and create fun and
excitement.

ams OSRAM’s advanced sensing and
ight-emitting technologies actively shape
the way we capture and interact with the
world, Our portfolio compiles several highly
relevant optical technologies, complement-
ed by IC hardware capabilities, custom
algorithms and proprietary intellectual
property. They are essential for applica-
tions such as secure identification, bright
full-screen displays and brilliant images for
mobile, portable and computing devices.
Together with our customers, we anticipate
the future. Across a broad range of mobile
applications, we enable outstanding user
‘experiences on smartphones and wearables
‘or computing devices. Our miniaturized
solutions enable multiple AR/VR function-

s, such as near-to-eye projection,
eye-tracking, proximity sensing and gesture

Pictures say more than words; they create
universes. Our lighting and sensing tech-
nologies improve the quality of images and
ization. They enable accurate

ht, color and proximity sensing
solutions to operate behind OLED displays.
We are a frontrunner in the industrializa-
tion of emerging innovation areas such as
micro-LEDs for next-generation displays.
Micro-LEDs that are smaller than 50um are
expected to be one of key growth drivers
for the display industry going forward. They
offer significant advantages over LCD and
OLED displays in aspects such as energy
consumption, brightness and contrast. ams.
OSRAM is in a strong position to become
the number one micro-LED player in the
world, We have the capabilities and a clear
roadmap to deliver the demanding perfor-
mance of micro-LED products. High-volume
8” capacity supporting mass production of
micro-LED is currently planned to com-
mence ramp-up in the course of 2024.

With our expertise, we create inspiring user
‘experiences in next-generation ap}
tions, making digital lives easier, safer and
more ful

c-

Small
is beautiful

AR/VR applica sumer markets are bound to take
off - boosted by the rising metaverse. Their success depends on high
accuracy and miniaturization to

advanced functionalities can only be re

spanning from LED and laser light sources to 3D sensors all the
proximity-, eye- and position-tracking sensors. Our latest laser

targeted for near-to-eye projection, has

form factor of only 0.7 cm’

of the ct



--- Page 6 ---

Light on,
germs gone

leaner, safer environments. UV-C LED technology
changing the way we clean air, surfaces and water in industrial, consum=
er and automotive applications - and beyond. Our distinctive portfolio
nt UV-C emitters and spectral sensors with highly
accurate presence detectors. We create innovations to make UV treat-
nd accessible for everyone, everywhere. UV-C
public
taps to purify water or ly automated

ments. M

Digitalization and 5G are revolutionizing
industrial automation by enabling ma-
chines to interact with each other as wel

as with humans. For machines to sense
their environment, they need high-perfor-
mance sensor and light-emitting solutions.
Our comprehensive technology portfolio of
sensors, cameras and light emitters covers
different market requirements: speed,
power and accuracy as well as small form
factors and cost efficiency.

Our state-of-the-art products make indus-
jal production faster and more efficient
by enabling innovations ranging from
advanced machine vision to predictive
maintenance and secure human-machine
interaction. From production lines to home
appliances - our key technologies for 3D
sensing, industrial X-ray and global shutter
imaging for inspections make machines
and robots smarter and thus more pow-
erful. We support safety solutions for
collaborative environments, from col
avoidance systems to unguarded working
environments for mobile robots and AGVs
(automatically guided vehicles) in factories
or at home. Our precise emitter and sensor
solutions for AR/VR applications boost the
next phase of Industry 5.0 with advanced
human-machine interaction.

As a market leader in horticultural /agricul-
tural lighting, we create the perfect light
environment for indoor plant growth, like
indoor or vertical farming. We combine pio-

neering wavelength-optimized LEDs across
the relevant color spectrum with spectral
sensing technologies for cutting-edge
growth stimulation and precise condition
Monitoring. Targeted lighting solutions also
minimize fertilizer use and reduce energy
costs.

We use our distinctive product portfolio of
highly efficient UV-C LED emitters, spectral
sensors and accurate presence detectors
to make our environment safer. And we
enable new functionalities for easy, safe
and affordable UV treatment in a variety of
applications - embedded in standard light
sources to clean public areas, transport or
workplaces.

Our comprehensive lighting portfolio
includes spectral and ambient light sen-
sors alongside innovative LEDs - perfectly
matching the various industrial lighting
needs. Miniaturized LED components
provide our customers with endless de-

In poss ies, greater cost efficiency,
‘outstanding performance and maximum
accuracy. Our portfolio covers the light
spectrums required for consistent and pre-
cise high-performance work processes.

With our outstanding portfolio and applica-
tion expertise, we make industrial process-
es smart and secure.

29


--- Page 7 ---

More
with less

Semiconductor technology brings novel features to medical imaging.

Photon-counting CT technology will enable advanced clinical applications

while significantly reducing radiation dose, Our unique imaging sensing
frared to vi
X-rays. Photon-counting detector technology converts X-ray photons

solutions cover the spectrum from

le light all the way to

directly into a charge which can be quantified and processed immedi-
ately by the readout electronics - with photon accuracy. This innovative
approach reduces the data conversion process considerably and enables
our customers fo create CT data at a very high spatial resolution, with an
improved contrast-to-noise ratio. At the same time, it reduces the radiation
dose and generates specific information on the radiation spectrum. We of-

fer deep engineering expertise for the pioneering technologies of tomorrow.

Medical: Delivering miniaturized solu

Awareness of personal health and fitness is
steadily growing, boosted by the COVID-19
pandemic. Increasing digitization and
diagnostics at the point of care are driving
professional and personal healthcare and
‘opening up completely new functionalities.

Co-creating with customers requires exten-
sive experience and a deep understanding
of health application areas. We develop key
technologies for accessible, precise and
efficient diagnostics and healthcare sys-
tems. Our advanced sensing and lighting
products offer the highest levels of accu-
racy, simplify processes and create new
use cases, for example in medical imaging,
where we enable best-in-class digital X-ray
and CT images, as well as invasive exam-
ations with the ultra-compact NanEye
camera module.

ions with high precision

Asa leading supplier of vital sign monitor-
ing solutions, we pioneer key technologies
spanning from innovative biometric optical
sensor solutions to components for fitness
tracking and health monitoring applica-

tions, with and without medical supervision.

Affordable solutions for remote monitoring
and point-of-care diagnostics help reduce
doctor's appointments and expensive
laboratory testing. By thinking outside the
box, we were able to develop a small and
cost-effective lateral flow-testing module
based on spectral-sensing technology that
is ideal for rapid, cloud-based readout
solutions and that improves performance
and reliability.

Our products make treatment less invasive
and healthcare more accurate, remote,
‘affordable and individual

31


--- Page 8 ---

74

Group Management Report 2021

1. Overview of the Economic Environment
and the Past Financial Year

Development of the semiconductor sector

Despite the various Covid-19 waves around
the world and their corresponding impact,
demand in many end-markets remained
healthy in 2021. The global semiconduc-
tor market increased by 26% in 2021 to
USD 556bn compared to USD 440bn in the
year 2020.

The growth was driven by sensors, MOS
logic & memory, analog IC and discrete
semiconductors which showed growth rates
above the average growth of the semicon-
ductor market of 25%. For ams OSRAM,
important end markets include the auto-
motive market, consumer devices such as
smartphones or wearables, and industrial
and medical technology. Shipments in the
global smartphone market increased by 3%
in 2021 compared to a year-on-year decline
of 7% one year ago. In the global wearable
market, shipments increased by 23% (2020:
28%). Global automotive car production

Semiconductors

The Semiconductors segment contributed
the majority of group revenues last year
from its automotive, consumer and indus-
trial business areas, The Semiconductors
automotive business is a global leader in
automotive LED lighting for a wide range of
exterior and interior lighting applications.
This includes differentiated LED solutions

" Quellen: WSTS, OMDIA, IDC.

showed a slight year-on-year growth of
2.5% in 2021 compared to a 16% decline in
2020. Despite shortages for ICs in the semi
conductor sector, the situation for optical
semiconductors improved considerably giv-
en additional demand from the build-up of
inventories in the automotive and medical
technology markets.

Structure and development of the segments
The business activities of the ams OSRAM
group are presented in two segments,
Semiconductors and Lamps & Systems. The
business segment Semiconductors com-
prises the group's semiconductor-related
business in automotive, consumer, industri-
al, and medical technology market areas.
The business segment Lamps & Systems
comprises the group's business related to
lamps and lighting systems in automotive,
industrial, and medical technology market
areas.’

for head lamps and other front lighting,
rear lighting and other exterior lighting,
and interior ambient lighting. In addition,
the segment’s automotive business com-
prises interior sensing, safety systems such
‘as ADAS, and visualization technologies.
Persistent market and supply chain im-
balances in the global automotive indus-

try created a highly demanding market
environment through 2021. Despite this,

the Semiconductors automotive business
recorded a strong performance last year
delivering very solid results across product
areas. This performance was driven by a
healthy backlog situation over the course of
the year and efficient management of the
automotive business’ supply chains in light
of the market situation. Towards year-end,
the market imbalances resulted in lower
OEM production volumes which, together
with related supply chain volatilities, had a
negative effect on the segment’s automo-
tive business.

The Semiconductors consumer business is a
major supplier of sophisticated sensing and
optical solutions for smartphones and ad-
ditional consumer devices serving leading
OEMs. The business encompasses the areas
of display management, 3D applications
including world-facing camera enhance-
ment and similar functions, ultra-compact
proximity sensing, spectral and bio-sens-
ing, and additional optical applications.
The segment's consumer business faced

a market share loss related to its position

in the mobile device market last year. This
development had a noticeable negative
impact on group revenues in the second
half when compared to the previous year's
second half and the first half of 2021, The
negative market share development result-
ed in a lower utilization of related manu-

Lamps and Systems

The Lamps & Systems (L&S) segment pro-
vided the remaining contribution to total
group revenues last year. The automotive
business of L&S comprises automotive
lamps and illumination products including
traditional automotive lighting technol
‘ogies. As a leader in automotive lighting

facturing capacity in the second half wi
negatively affected the consumer business’
profitability despite cost mitigation mea-
sures. Effects related to this development
have also continued into the current year.
Moreover, the consumer business saw
certain negative revenue effects caused by
the supply chain imbalances in the semi-
conductor sector. Taking into account the
abovementioned developments and related
impacts the consumer business neverthe-
less achieved attractive overall results for
full year 2021.

The Semiconductors industrial and medical
technology business performed very well
last year. In the segment’s industrial area,
the demand environment in established
and emerging industrial lighting applica-
tions markets developed positively over the
course of the year with a more pronounced
recovery in the second half. The horticulture
lighting applications market showed strong
demand momentum through the second
half and continuing into the current year.
ams OSRAM is the leading supplier of LED
components for this attractive growth mar-
ket. Other industrial markets such as imag-
ing supported the segment’s performance.
The Semiconductors medical technology
business delivered overall healthy results
driven by solid demand for medical imag-
ing solutions such as computed tomogra-
phy and digital x-ray.

L&S serves OEMs as well as the automotive
aftermarket in major geographic regions.
lar to the Semiconductors automotive
business, the L&S automotive business was
also negatively impacted by last year's
developments in the global automotive
market including the continued market and

75


--- Page 9 ---

76

supply chain imbalances as well as reduced
OEM production volumes. The L&S automo-
tive business recorded a solid performance
last year despite these effects. The OEM-re-
lated business saw solid demand across
product lines against the backdrop of the
strained supply chain situation. Demand in
the automotive aftermarket showed robust
momentum in the seasonally important
second half helping to drive overall results
for the L&S segment. The other areas of the
L&S business comprise a range of lighting
products for various industrial, building-re-
lated and medical applications. These areas
delivered overall solid results as demand

in a number of industrial and other mar-
kets recovered over the course of last year.
Other markets, in particular related to
entertainment, remained heavily impacted
by Covid-19 and the resulting decrease in
demand for most of the year. Towards year-
end these subdued markets started to show
increasing signs of recovery.

ams OSRAM is implementing a strategic
re-alignment of its business portfolio as an-
nounced. This includes the announced dis-
posal of several businesses in the L&S seg-
ment which belonged to the former OSRAM
Digital (01) division. As part of this portfolio
re-alignment two L&S business units were
disposed of last year, Digital Systems North
America for electronic lighting components
such as drivers and ballast and Connected

ing automa-
tion, Both sale transactions were concluded
in the third quarter. In a further portfolio
re-alignment step the joint venture between
OSRAM and Continental AG for automotive
ting systems, which ams OSRAM had
designated as non-strategic, was dissolved
in the fourth quarter 2021 as planned. Both
partners received their respective business
activities back, as well as the assets creat-
ed during the existence of the joint venture.
The activities contributed by Continental
AG were deconsolidated. A sale is being ex-
amined for the business activities remain-
ing at ams OSRAM.

Inits operations, ams OSRAM was able
to ensure high production volumes across
its global manufacturing network despite
‘operational challenges and changing re-
strictions due to Covid-19. The health and
safety of its employees is a clear priority for
‘ams OSRAM and the group implemented a
wide range of protective and risk-reduction
measures globally which also helped to
mitigate the impact of the pandemic and
thereby supported the company’s business
performance. At the same time, the group’s
robust operational infrastructure was a key
factor enabling ams OSRAM to successfully
manage the very demanding market and
supply chain environment throughout the
past year.

2. Business Results

With regard to the following analysis of
business performance, please note that, in
fiscal year 2021, OSRAM Licht AG and its
subsidiaries are included for the full fiscal
year but, in fiscal year 2020, are included
only for the second half of the year from

2.1 Revenue

In fiscal year 2021, consolidated revenue
rose by 44% to EUR 5,038 million, com-
pared with EUR 3,504 million in 2020. This
crease was primarily due to the fact that
OSRAM was consolidated for the full twelve
months for the first time in fiscal year 2021,
but only for six months from the date of

ial consolidation in the previous year.
The increase in revenue was partly offset
by portfolio effects of EUR 86 million in
connection with the disposal of companies,
i.e. revenue that the sold OSRAM business
units had contributed in the second half of
2020 was not repeated in 2021. This related

Revenue breakdown by segment

the date of consolidation. This means that
the results and the cash flows in the state-
ment of cash flows for fiscal year 2021 can
be compared with those for 2020 only to a
limited extent.

to the disposal of Digital Systems (DS) in
North America and of Connected Business
Applications (CBA) as well as to the winding
up of OSRAM Continental.

The Semiconductors segment contributed
EUR 3,279 million (2020: EUR 2,605 million)
to consolidated revenue, which equates

to a share of 65% (2020: 74%). The Lamps.
& Systems (L&S) segment contributed

EUR 1,760 million (2020: EUR 900 million) to
consolidated revenue, which equates to a
share of 35% (2020: 26%).

2021 _% of revenues

2020 _%ofrevenues Change in %

Semiconductors 3.29 65% 2,605 74% 26%
Lamps & Systems 1,760 35% 900 26% +96%
5,038 3504
Lamps & Systems
35%
65% Semiconductors

7


--- Page 10 ---

78

The breakdown of revenue by region does
not reflect the demand situation in the
Company's target markets because rev-
enue is assigned to a region on the basis
of the location of the invoice recipient.

Revenue breakdown by region

Revenue in the North and South America
region increased significantly year on year,
in particular due to the revenue of the
OSRAM companies being included for a full
fiscal year for the first time.

ions of EUR 2021 %of revenues 2020 %of revenues Change in %
EMEA 1,415 28% 765: 22% 85%
Americas 962 19% 521 15% 85%
Asia / Pacific 2,663 53% 2,218 63% 20%
5,038 3,504
EMEA
28%
Asia / Pacific 53%
19%
Americas

2.2 Earnings

Gross profit increased to €1,440 million in
fiscal year 2021, compared with €1,035 mi
the previous year.

Adjusted for acquisition-related expense,
transformation costs, and expense for
share-based compensation, the gross
profit margin for the full fiscal year 2021 in-
creased to 34%, compared with 33% in the
previous year. The unadjusted gross profit
margin, reported in accordance with IFRS,
fell to 29%, compared with 30% in the previ
‘ous year. The biggest drag on this item was
impairment of EUR 151 million on property,
plant, and equipment in connection with the
loss of market share for certain consumer
applications.

Expressed as a percentage of revenue,
spending on research and development
\creased from 12% in the previous year

to 13%, The absolute amount rose from
EUR 423 million in the previous year to

EUR 642 milion, primarily due to the effect
of consolidating OSRAM. Selling, general
and administrative expenses therefore
increased too, from EUR 527 million in the
previous year to EUR 745 million. Expressed
as a percentage of revenue, they were on

a par with the previous year at 15%. The
long-term target for selling, general and
administrative expenses going forward is
7-9% of revenue.

The operating result (EBIT), adjusted for
acquisition-related expense, transformation
costs, expense for share-based compen-
sation, and the result from investments in
associates and from the sale of a business,
\creased by EUR 39 million year on year

to EUR 502 million. Unadjusted EBIT rose

fiscal year 2021, there were one-off effects
recognized as an expense that were up by
EUR 172 million year on year. Conversely,
there were positive one-off effects totaling
EUR 191 million arising from income on

the winding up of OSRAM Continental, the
increased valuation of LeddarTech Inc., and
the sale-and-leaseback transaction relating
toa property in Berlin, The one-off effects
recognized as an expense in fiscal year
2021 included impairment of EUR 151 mi
lion on property, plant, and equipment in
connection with the loss of market share for
certain consumer applications.

The net financial result improved from
a net expense of EUR 217 million in the
previous year to a net expense of EUR 198
million. The prior-year figure had includ-

ed one-off transaction costs of EUR 114
million in connection with the funding of the

acqui n of OSRAM. In 2021, there were
higher interest expenses resulting from the
increased average debt for the year and
from currency translation effects caused, in
particular, by the appreciation of the U.S.
dollar against the euro.

The income tax expense increased from
EUR 10 million in the previous year to EUR
31 million in fiscal year 2021. The current tax
expense of EUR 48 million mainly resulted
from foreign companies that were prof-
itable due to the global transfer pricing
system. There were countervailing deferred
taxes with a total net effect of EUR 17 mi
ion that included, in particular, income of
EUR 25 million from the reversal of deferred
tax liabilities resulting from acquisitions.

In 2021, the net result improved to EUR -32
million, compared with EUR -87 million in
the previous year. As described above, this
was mainly due to one-off income. There
were also cost synergies, but these were
partly offset by higher one-off restructuring
and transformation expenses. The return
‘on equity improved to -1% (2020: -3%); the
retum on revenue also improved to -1%
(2020: -3%).

in millions of EUR 2021 2020 _Changein %
Gross profit on revenues 1,440 1,085 13%
Gross margin (IFRS) 29% 30%
‘Gross margin (adjusted) 34% 33%
EBITDA (IFRS) 957 718 +33%
Operating result (EBIT, IFRS) 197 138 +43%
EBIT margin (IFRS) 4% 4%
(Operating result (EBIT, adjusted) 502 463 19%
EBIT margin (adjusted) 10% 13%
Financial resuit 198 218 19%
Result before tax 4 80 19%
Net result 32 7 163%
Return on equity 1% 3%
Return on revenues 1% 3%

79


--- Page 11 ---

80

The gross profit margin (adjusted) is based
ongross profit adjusted for acquisition-re-
lated expense, transformation costs, and
expense for share-based compensation

The operating result (EBIT, adjusted) and

the EBIT margin (adjusted) are additionally
adjusted for the result from investments in
associates and from the sale of a business,

2.3 Assets and Financial Position
The balance sheet has a high ratio of
non-current assets to total assets, which is
common in the semiconductor industry. At
the same time, the intangible assets reflect
the significant acquisitions carried out in
recent years. At 58%, the proportion of total
assets accounted for by property, plant,
and equipment and by intangible assets
was virtually unchanged year on year (De-
cember 31, 2020: 60%).

Capital expenditure on non-current assets
(CAPEX), which amounted to EUR 310 mi
ion, was below the sum of EUR 760 million
for depreciation, amortization, and impair-
ment and equated to 6% of revenue (2020:
5%). The ratio of non-current assets to eq-
uity increased to around 56% at the end of
fiscal year 2021, compared with 51% as of
December 31, 2020. Non-current assets in-
cluded deferred tax assets of EUR 182 mil-
lion (December 31, 2020: EUR 165 million).

Inventories rose from EUR 858 ion as
of December 31, 2020 to EUR 938 milion,
The rise was primarily due to the fact that
inventories were increased for certain areas
of production in the fourth quarter of 2021
and, to a large extent, have already been
turned into finished goods. This was a pre-
cautionary measure taken to maintain the
Company's ability to supply its customers
in the event of a shortage of raw materi-
als or restrictions resulting from potential

which is included in the operating result
(EBIT, IFRS).

The acquisition-related expense includes
depreciation and amortization of purchase
price allocated assets as well as integra-
tion, carve-out and acquisition-related
costs.

effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Trade
receivables increased to EUR 688 million as
of December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020:

Assets classified as held for sale amounted
to EUR 134 million and included the assets
of Fluence Bioengineering, Inc. The assets
classified as held for sale as of December
31, 2020, which stood at EUR 48 million,
had related to assets of OSRAM Continen-
tal, which was sold to Continental at the
start of October 2021.

The decrease in property, plant, and equip-
ment to EUR 1,606 million (December 31,
2020: EUR 1,938 million) primarily resulted
from the derecognition of property, plant,
and equipment in connection with the
sposal of areas of business and from
impairment of EUR 151 million in connection
with the loss of market share for certain
consumer applications.

The the financi
item to EUR 147 million (December 31, 2020:
EUR 25 million) was largely attributable,

in an amount of EUR 123 million, to the
reclassification of LeddarTech Ine. from an
equity-accounted investment to an equi-

ty investment measured at fair value in
accordance with IFRS 9. ams OSRAM lost
its significant influence over LeddarTech
Ine. because it did not take up all of the

available shares relative to its existing
shareholding when the company carried
out a capital increase.

Financial liabilities declined by EUR 177 mil-
lion to EUR 3,126 million, primarily due to
the repayment of bank loans of EUR 166
million, the repayment of promissory notes
of EUR 117 million, and the buyback of con-
vertible bonds with a carrying amount of
EUR 73 million. This was partly offset by the
taking out of bank loans of EUR 97 milion
and by the effects of translating finan-

cial liabilities denominated in US. dollars,
whose carrying amount increased due to
the appreciation of the U.S. dollar against
the euro. The EUR 266 million decreas
cash and cash equivalents caused net debt
to rise slightly, from EUR 1,707 million as of
December 31, 2020 to EUR 1,795 million as
of December 31, 2021. The Group's equity
\creased by EUR 122 million despite the
negative result after tax. This was due

to other comprehensive income totaling
EUR 319 million that arose, in particular,
‘on currency translation from U.S. dollars
to euros in respect of foreign subsidiaries.
The purchase of shares in OSRAM Licht AG
reduced equity by EUR 58 million, while
the obligation to pay future guaranteed
compensation payments to OSRAM Licht
AG's minority shareholders reduced equity
by EUR 162 mi

li s associated with assets clas:
as held for sale amounted to EUR 40 mi
and included the liabilities of Fluence Bio-
engineering, Inc. The corresponding lial
ities as of December 31, 2020, which stood
at EUR 127 million, had related to liabilities
of OSRAM Continental.

ied

jn

For information on financial instruments
and changes in equity, please refer to the
disclosures in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements.

Assets in millions of EUR 20212020 Equity and liabilities 2021-2020
Inventories 38 858 31263308
Trade receivables 688 62 710 545
Other current assets 1656 1.833 Otherlabi 2103 2,485
Fixed assets 6180 6486 __—Provisions 556 605
Deferred tax asset 162 165 __Sharehokers' equity 3150-3027
Total assets 9,644 9,963 Total equity and lial 9644 9,963

As a result of the increase in equity and
simultaneous decrease in financial liabil-
ies, the debt to equity ratio fell to 99%,

compared with 109% a year earlier. At the
same time, the equity ratio rose to 33%
(2020: 30%).

81


--- Page 12 ---

82

Equity ratio 33% 30%
Debt to equity ratio 9% 109%
Equity to fixed assets ratio 56% 51%
Net debt 1795 1,707

These performance indicators are derived directly from the consolidated financial state-

ments.
2.4 Cash Flow

Cash flows from operating activities in-
creased to EUR 792 million in 2021, com-
pared with EUR 707 million in 2020. This rise
was only partly due to the improvement in
earnings as the figure for fiscal year 2021
contained significant non-cash income,
primarily a sum of EUR 97 million resulting
from the increased valuation of LeddarTech
Inc. The figure for fiscal year 2021 also in-
cluded net gains of EUR 70 million on sales
of business activities and other non-current
assets, whose impact on cash flow is shown
in investing activities. There was a coun-
tervailing effect from the EUR 180
increase in depreciation, amortization,
and impairment, which is included in the
statement of cash flows in the reconcilia-
tion from the result after tax to cash flows
from operating activities. The main reason
for the year-on-year increase in cash flows
from operating activities was the decrease
in working capital of EUR 57 million; in
2020, working capital had increased by

Cash flows from investing activities
amounted to EUR -560 million (2020:

EUR -1,495 million), including EUR -310 mil-
lion for intangible assets and property,
plant, and equipment (2020: EUR -177 mil-
lion) and EUR -524 million for acquisitions
(2020: EUR -920 million).

The acquisitions in fiscal year 2021 included
cash payments totaling EUR 452
to increase the number of OSRAM Licht
AG shares held (2020: EUR 1,958 mi
less acquired cash and cash equivalents of
EUR 614 million). Further cash payments
included EUR 72 million for the acquisition
‘of 50% of the shares in OSRAM CONTINEN-
TAL GmbH in connection with the unwind-
ing of OSRAM Continental. The net cash
provided by the sale of business activities
amounted to EUR 277 million (2020: EUR 41
milion), A significant sum within this figure,
EUR 144 million, related to the sale of com-
panies to Continental,

Free cash flow came to EUR 482 mil-

In to EUR 1,331 mi
December 31, 2021,

Cash flows from financing activities
amounted to EUR -534 million in the report-
1g year (2020: EUR 1,951 mi
or-year figure had been heavily influenced
by the corporate action taken to fund the
acquisition of OSRAM, which had involved
a net cash inflow of EUR 1,649 million from
flow
of EUR 1,992 million from the issue of bonds
and a convertible bond. In fiscal year 2021,
however, the repayment of bank loans and

promissory notes, which were only partly
refinanced by taking out new loans, led to
a net cash outflow of EUR 190 million. Fur-

thermore, convertible bonds with a nominal
value of EUR 77 million were repurchased at
‘a purchase price of EUR 67 million.

2021 2020 Change in %
Operating cash flow m2 709 412%
Cash flow from investing activities 560 1495 0%
Free Cash Flow 482 531 %
Cash flow from financing activities 334 1951 127%
Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash
‘and cash equivalents ES 5 160%
Cash and cash equivalents 1331 1,597 1%

Free cash flow comprises the cash flows
from the operating activities of continu-
ing operations less cash payments for the
purchase of intangible assets and proper-
ty, plant, and equipment. The definition of
this performance indicator has changed

compared with the previous year. In 2020,
free cash flow had comprised cash flows
from operating activities and cash flows
from investing activities. The prior-year
figure has been adjusted to reflect the new
definition

83


--- Page 13 ---

84

3. Research and Development

Our development sites are globally posi-
tioned, with LED development in Germany
and Malaysia, VCSEL technology in the US
and Singapore, package development in
Singapore, Malaysia and China, micro-op-
tics in Switzerland, the development of con-
version solutions, optical coatings and filter
solutions, image and color sensor technolo-
gy in the US, Germany and Austria, and IC
design development in India, the US, Italy,
Austria and Switzerland, This gives ams
OSRAM a strategic advantage by providing
us with access to both leading expertise
and a global production network.

ams OSRAM's position as a technological
leader in the development and production
of high-quality sensing and lighting tech-
nologies for use in products such as mobile
devices, automotive lighting and medical
technology is based on intensive research
and development activities. To secure and
strengthen our leading position, we invest
significantly in research and development
(R&D) on a continuing basis. Research and
development expenses in the past fiscal
year amounted to EUR 642 million, or 13%
of revenues, compared to EUR 423 mi
(12% of revenues) in 2020.

Our research and development activities
enabled ams OSRAM's growth in recent
years and form the basis of an extensive
product and design pipeline for the years
to come. The average number of employees
in research and development was 3,445 in
2021 (2020: 3,732).

ams OSRAM'’s R&D activities mainly com-
prise optical technologies for applications
in the sensing, lighting and visualization
segments. Our broad technology portfo-
io addresses the consumer, automotive,
|, and medical technology end

markets. In addition, the development
of software and algorithms and the inte-
gration of machine learning and artificial
intelligence has become an integral part of
‘our R&D activities, The combination of indi-
vidual hardware components into modules
and systems with differentiating software
solutions represents an important element
of product development at ams OSRAM,
and is a pillar of our development process-
es for end-to-end solutions.

The following innovative product devel-
‘opments based on ams OSRAM's R&D

ies provide a good overview of our
broad product portfolio. Our LED product
portfolio has been expanded to include
innovations for automotive lighting such as
the brightest LED available on the mar-

ket for use in the low and high beams of
vehicles. In the visualization segment, our
latest LED generation enables additional
brightness and image quality for LED-
based projectors thanks to optimized chip
and package technology. ams OSRAM has
also introduced the first ultraviolet C-band
(UV-C) LEDs to the market, which facili-
tate new possibilities for disinfecting air,
surfaces and water. Measuring one square
millimeter, NanEyeM is the smallest camera
module available on the market with a fully
igital output for medical endoscopes. The
attractively priced module enables sin-
gle-use applications in high volumes.

Close strategic coordination between our
business units, strategy department and
CTO takes place on an ongoing basis and
determines our strategic decisions regard-
ing technology and product development.
We attach great importance to stimulating,
promoting and coordinating a continuous
innovation process.

As part of our approach to working with
strategic partners, we collaborate globally
with leading research institutes, universi
ties and other companies. Collaboration
takes place, for example, through research
programs such as those funded by the Eu-
ropean Commission as well as local funding
programs around the world.

ams OSRAM's venture capital entity Flux-
unit continued with the activities it had
begun in previous years. Fluxunit makes
targeted investments in young start-ups
that can meaningfully complement our
business activities in the long term. Its
investment portfolio currently consists of 11
companies developing products in various
fields where ams OSRAM is active, as well

as two additional investments in venture
capital fund companies.

The creation, maintenance, enforcement
and use of patents, trademarks and other
intellectual property rights is an import-
ant aspect of our strategy to differentiate
ourselves in the marketplace and to protect
‘our R&D investments and generate a return
‘on them, Our global patent portfolio com-
prises around 15,000 patents and patent
applications, corresponding to approxi-
mately 5,800 patent families. During the
year under review, we continued to develop
our patent strategy, taking into account
the interplay of business, technology and
market aspects, while focusing on future
value creation.

4. Purchasing and Manufacturing

The procurement situation was challenging
in fiscal year 2021 in view of the supply bot-
tlenecks affecting the entire semiconductor
\dustry, as well as ams OSRAM. Our initia-
tives focused on bundling the purchasing of
ams and OSRAM allowed us to successful
realize the synergy potentials resulting from
the combination of our businesses. Despite
the overall cost savings achieved, howev-
er, cost increases for some key materials,
goods and services due to the global chip
shortage, rising raw material prices and en-
ergy supply bottlenecks in China have also
had a lasting effect on ams OSRAM.

The ams OSRAM Group has 23 production
sites worldwide excluding the Fluence pro-
duction site, which is reported as an asset
held for sale on the balance sheet as of
December 31, 2021. Production sites are lo-
cated in Premstatten (Austria), Regensburg

and Herbrechtingen (both in Germany),
Antwerp (Belgium), Nové Zamky (Slovakia),
Treviso (Italy), Hillsboro (New Hampshire,
USA), Singapore, Wuxi (China), Penang and
Kulim (both in Malaysia), Calamba City (in
the Philippines), and elsewhere.

One of our most important investments in
production in 2021 was a pilot line for micro
LEDs built at our Regensburg site to enable
new types of display generations. Capac-
ity utilization at our plants in Regensburg,
Wuxi, Penang and Kulim increased due to
positive market development and increased
demand in the automotive end customer
market as a whole, as well as for LEDs for
various lighting applications. In contrast,
capacity utilization at our Singapore plants
was lower than in the previous fiscal year
due to a loss in market share for certain
consumer applications.

85


--- Page 14 ---

86

5. Employees

Our employees are the basis of our long-
term business success and they create the
added value we want to offer our cus-
tomers. It is important to us to offer our
employees a secure job with good working
conditions and prospects, to contribute to
their development, and to pay them fairly.
Furthermore, as a globally active company,
the diversity of our employees is a major
concern for us. As of December 31, 2021,
ams OSRAM Group had 24,499 employ-
ees (2020: 29,753). The average number of
‘employees for the year was 26,130 (2020:
30,031), based on FTEs (full-time equiva-
lents).

At ams OSRAM, we are aware of our re-
sponsibility as an important employer in the
regions where we operate. Accordingly, we
continued to offer comprehensive internal
and external training and development op-
portunities for all of our employee groups
during the past year, in addition to provid-
ing training positions for apprentices.

We seek to retain our employees by offer-
ing a long-term compensation concept.

A profit-sharing program for all ams
OSRAM employees adds an attractive
direct component to our existing stock
option plans and employee compensation
programs. Our profit sharing program
‘embodies the belief that our employees are
the most important factor in the success
of our company by rewarding the joint
contribution of all of our employees to ams
OSRAM's success.

Due to the development of earnings in the
previous fiscal year, a profit-sharing bonus
was paid to employees in the amount of
EUR 19 million in 2021 (2020: EUR 21 mil-
n). The amount of the bonus is deter-
mined on the basis of adjusted earnings
after tax.

In addition, active internal corporate and
employee communication, as well as a
long-standing company tradition of regular
employee events, promote employee iden-
tification with our company. Such events
include, for example, town hall meetings or
webcasts given by our Management Board
and other management representatives.

6. Environmental Management

As an industrial company, we consume
natural resources and create greenhouse
gas emissions at our production fa
In order to meet our environmental respon-

bilities, we have committed to conserving
resources through environmental manage-
ment, as well as to developing innovative
and energy-efficient products. As part of
‘our environmental reporting, we collect
data on energy consumption, greenhouse
gas emissions, water abstraction, and
waste generation.

The ways in which we implement environ-
mental management and address other
aspects of sust ty are described in a
separate sustainability report that can be
found at: https://ams-OSRAM.com/sustain-
ability-reporting. In addition to describing
‘our organizational structure, responsibili-
ties, guidelines and processes, the report
also explains the specific goals, measures
and results relating to all topics of impor-
tance to ams OSRAM.

7. Subsidiaries and Investments

As parent company of the ams OSRAM
Group, ams-OSRAM AG has 117 subsidiaries
in 49 countries, in addition to holding direct
or indirect interests in 33 companies.

As of December 31, 2021, ams-OSRAM AG
held 79.91% (2020: 70.72%) of the outstand-
ing shares in OSRAM Licht AG. OSRAM
Licht AG directly or indirectly holds 100% of
the shares in all fully consolidated OSRAM
companies with the exception of OSRAM

China Lighting Ltd., in which it only holds
90% of the shares.

Significant associates and other invest-
ments:

As of December 31, 2021, significant asso-
ciates in terms of value that are accounted
for using the equity method particularly
included the following:

Name of holding Country of incorporation Ownership interest
Jinan Smart Sensing Sensor Co, Ltd. China 49.00%
Sclosense Holding BV Netherlands 452%
Boll Inc. Usa 20.38%

The investment in Bolb Inc.,a manufacturer
of high-efficiency ultraviolet C-band (UV-C)
light-emitting LEDs, was acquired in fiscal
year 2021. By investing in the Califor
company, ams OSRAM is further expanding
its technological know-how for disinfection
applications using UV-C lighting, Future
research collaboration between our two

companies is expected to accelerate the in-
dustrialization of highly efficient, high-per-
formance UV-C LEDs.

In 2019, ams acquired 49.0% of Jinan
Smart Sensing Sensor Co. Ltd, Shanghai

(China). In 2020, a further 45.22% of Scio-
sense Holding 8\. in the Netherlands was

87


--- Page 15 ---

88

acquired. Sciosense Holding BY. isa
subsidiary of Jinan Smart Sensing Sensor
Co. Ltd, which is a holding company for a
provider of environmental sensors and high
performance flow sensing systems.

As of December 31, 2021, significant invest-
ments in terms of value that are accounted
for at fair value particularly included the
following:

Name of holding Country of incorporation ‘Ownership interest
LeddarTech Ine. Canada 19.20%
HLJ Technologies Co, Ltd, Taiwan 12.50%
Recogni, Inc. Usa 5.33%

8. Risk Management

Main features of the accounting-related
internal control system

The internal control system, which has been
adapted in the course of integration into
the ams OSRAM Group, is being implement-
ed as part of the harmonization of process-
es. We are also continuously refining our
intemal control system in order to meet all
requirements.

The overarching goal of our accounting-re-
lated internal control system is to ensure
the correctness of financial reporting in the
annual and consolidated financial state-
ments. The system consists of preventive
and detective controls, which ensure that
group-wide standards for accounting, valu-
ation, and account assignment are contin-
uously updated and maintained, transac-
ns can be completely recorded, and that
group-internal transactions are appropri-
ately eliminated. It also establishes pro-
cesses for the separation of functions and
for observing the principle of dual control
when preparing the financial statements, as
well as individual access authorizations for
accounting-related IT systems.

The effectiveness of the internal control
system is reviewed on an annual basis.
Intemal controls are revised if necessary to

eliminate any detected areas of weakness.
The internal audit function of ams OSRAM

uses continuous and group-wide audits to
ensure compliance with group-wide guide-
1es as well as the reliability and function-
ality of our control system.

The Audit Committee of the Supervisory
Board oversees the accounting process and
the effectiveness of the control system. It is
also responsible for auditing the documents
for the individual financial statements of
ams-OSRAM AG and the consolidated
financial statements, and it discusses the
individual financial statements of ams-
OSRAM AG, the consolidated financial
statements, and the combined manage-
ment report with the Management Board
and the auditor.

Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
System

In the context of its global activities, the
ams OSRAM Group is subject to a number
of risks that are inseparably associated
with business activity.

In order to identify, assess, and control
risks, ams OSRAM practices systematic
risk management for the early detection
of risks that could endanger the continued
existence of the ams OSRAM Group or the

achievement of our strategic, operational,
financial, and compliance objectives, and to
initiate risk-limiting measures as necessary.
We are continuously refining our risk man-
‘agement system in order to meet changing
intemal and external requirements.

The central office for risk management
coordinates the risk management process
and risk reporting. Responsibility for the
identification, assessment, reporting, and
management of significant risks is borne
by management at the level of the central
units and the business units.

Semiannual meetings are held with man-
agement to assess significant identified
risks, In these meetings, the reported risks
are qualitatively assessed based upon their
effects on our business activity and their
probability of occurrence. Our assessments
follow the net principle, in which we assess
risks in light of previously initiated effective
actions.

Non-financial risks are also included in the
ERM process and are qualitatively assessed
in a uniform manner using the aforemen-

Strategic Risks

Competition for the introduction of new
technologies

The ams OSRAM Group operates in a high-
tech industry with a strong focus on tech-
nologically advanced applications, marked
by short product life cycles and constant
innovation. There is a risk that disruptive
technologies could quickly become mar-
ket-ready. Competitors could also introduce
alternative products or technologies that
are more cost-effective, of higher quality,
possess greater functionality, or are more
competitive for other reasons. There is also
the risk that changes in market and cus-
tomer requirements are not or cannot be

tioned method. If this assessment shows
ficant risks for the Group, the risks are
reported as part of the subsequent risk
reporting.

The regular report is presented to the
Management Board on a semiannual basis
and to the Supervisory Board on an annual
basis. It is supplemented by an ad hoc re-
port if needed to ensure that the Manage-
ment Board and Supervisory Board receive
complete and timely information about
significant risks. The Management Board of
the ams OSRAM Group determines whether
the risks, either individually or as a whole,
represent an existential threat and verify
that there is no substantial danger to the
going concern, The Audit Committee of the
Supervisory Board monitors the effective-
ness of this system.

The following section provides a description
of the significant strategic and operation-
al risks for the ams OSRAM Group, which
could have particularly negative effects
overall on our business activity as well as
net assets, financial position, and results of
operations.

considered early enough and to a sufficient
extent. We must therefore develop inno-
vative and differentiated technologies for
products that can be manufactured com-
petitively in terms of technology and cost
for the right applications and markets, and
get them market-ready in a timely manner.

The future success of ams OSRAM also
depends upon whether its internally devel-
oped intellectual property can be sufficient-
ly protected and profitably utilized. Failure
to do so may endanger the future growth
and competitiveness of the entire Group. It
may lead to a rapid decline in market share

89


--- Page 16 ---

90

in the affected areas of business or failure
to achieve growth objectives. Investments
in research and development could not be
recouped through revenues, which would
reduce the profitability of the entire Group.

We counter these risks with specific mea-
sures. Potential new fields of technology
are monitored, and the results of these
observations are considered in our strate-
gic planning. Technological expertise that
will be necessary in the future is incorpo-
rated into the technology roadmap for the
respective business segments. The technol-
ogy roadmap is an integral part of medium
and long-term strategic planning, We also
have a team in the Strategy division that
performs market analyses and reviews
areas of technology as well as research
and development plans on a regular basis,
so that they can be focused more sharply
if needed. In addition, we are working to
optimize the efficiency of our operational
product development processes.

Macroeconomic effects and geopolitical
conflicts

The macroeconomic trend in fiscal years
2020 and 2021 was strongly influenced by
the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Despite a worldwide economic recovery,
the future trend in the global economy still
depends largely upon the rate of infec-
tion. The rate of infection continues to be
volatile, primarily due to the emergence of
variants of the coronavirus that are more
contagious than the wild-type strain. This
may result in repeated interruptions of
global value chains, with negative conse-
quences for the further growth of the global
‘economy.

These disruptions of supply chains caused
by the pandemic are leading to goods
shortages and thus significant price

\creases, primarily for energy and raw
materials. Energy prices are also heating

up due to the smoldering conflict between
Russia and Ukraine. To stem the rising infla-
tion caused by these factors, central banks
around the world could be forced to pursue
a less expansive fiscal policy in future and
to increase interest rates, which could in
turn slow down global economic growth. In
addition, trade and tariff disputes as we

as trade restrictions, such as those between
the US and China, which are aimed in part
at key companies in the high-tech sector
supported by the Chinese state, could im-
pair global trade and thus global economic
growth. Another economic downtum, above
all in our relevant sales markets, may mean
that we fail to achieve planned revenues
and profitability.

To offset the aforementioned effects, we
conduct regular reviews of our value chains,
ie., our global and regional presence

and our processes. In this way, we strive

to achieve cost savings and operational
improvements that allow us to avoid tariffs
as well as to compensate for market-driven
reductions in selling prices for certain prod-
uct groups, price increases for energy and
raw materials, and higher wages. In order
to develop and adapt effective response
strategies, we continuously monitor early
warning indicators. We also regularly nego-
tiate selling prices with our customers and
adjust them as needed.

ve strategic ob-
jectives in connection with the OSRAM
merger

The merger of ams and OSRAM is a trans-
formative event for the combined com-
pany, which requires significant initiatives
for integration and restructuring. These
activities entail the risk of overcommit-
ting resources (particularly management

capacities and employees), which could
temporarily impair our operational perfor-
mance and innovative capacity. The loss of
key employees (brain drain) due to changes
in the company or uncertainty could also
have negative effects.

There could also be delays in the timely im-
plementation of approved measures, which
could have negative effects on achieving
the planned synergies. Possible planned
sales of business segments may not occur
within the expected timeline or may not
produce the expected income.

A dedicated integration and project man-
agement team, supported by external con-
sultants, should minimize this risk. Planned
savings from program actions are recorded
in a central reporting tool, and their imple-
mentation is continuously tracked.

Competitive environment

Competitive pressure in the semiconduc-
tor industry is generally high due to a
large number of current competitors and
new market participants. Because of the
continuing shortage of semiconductors, a
worldwide expansion of production ca-
pacities is currently being promoted and
subsidized. One result of this may be that
producers of LED components and sensor
products will have to increasingly differen-
tiate themselves by price in order to fully
utilize their production capacity. This price
competition could influence the achieve-
ment of our objectives in terms of market
shares and profit margins.

We therefore regularly review additional
productivity enhancement and cost reduc-
tion measures, with a focus on targeted
research and development expenditures to
differentiate our products through techno-
logical advances and thereby ensure the
profitable utilization of existing capaci

Volatile and cyclical market develop-
ments

End-market demand for technologically
advanced consumer products that use
semiconductor-based technologies, such
as sensors, optical solutions, or LEDs, are
subject to rapid technological change and
thus relatively short product life cycles. This
can have negative effects on the demand
for ams OSRAM components. We therefore
uously look for ways to exp!
areas of application for our technologies in
consumer electronics and other fields, such
‘as medical applications.

The merger with OSRAM reduced the share
of consumer electronics relative to total
revenues. The automotive business has
longer cycles. Even though the volume of
automotive manufacturing in 2019 will not
be achieved over the medium term, follow-
ing the slight recovery in automotive man-
ufacturing in 2021 we continue to assume
that there will be positive growth in 2022,
There is a risk that this positive trend will be
reversed or interrupted by the pandemic.

An increasingly dynamic market or market
volatility in both the automotive field and

in consumer electronics may cause our cus-
tomers to adjust their order quantities over
the short term, For ams OSRAM, this would
mean firstly a cost risk due to fluctuations
in capacity utilization in our own production
and excess inventory, and secondly the

risk of supply difficulties due to capacity
bottlenecks. Our forecasts for the growth of
‘our own business are therefore subject to a
certain degree of uncertainty,

For this reason, we are continuously
monitoring relevant market indicators and
implementing appropriate measures for
short-term adjustment of inventory and
production capacities.

on


--- Page 17 ---

92

Operational Risks

Business interruption risk

The continuous optimization and focusing
of our production environment increase the
dependence on individual production loca-
tions. Thus, there is a risk that disruptions
in our plants or external influences could
result in an inability to produce or deliver
products in the planned scope. That is why,
in addition to insuring against damage

to equipment and buildings, we maintain
appropriate insurance to protect against
risks arising from business interruption.
We also conduct preventive maintenance
and have defined emergency plans for
critical areas to ensure the availability and
quality of our products. Fire and disaster
protection for significant locations is also
continually reviewed and improved. The

3k of supply bottlenecks is reduced where
possible by diversifying our supplier base
and closely monitoring critical vendors and
materials. Similarly, the progress of con-
struction projects could delay our invest-
ments in expansion. We have countered this
by establishing an appropriate project risk
management process.

We currently assess the business interrup-
risk as high in connection with the fur-
ther course of the COVID-19 pandemic. We
are therefore strongly focused on prevent-
ing COVID-19 infections in our own oper-
ations so that we can maintain the ability
‘of ams OSRAM to supply its products. The
existing health protection measures remain
in effect without change and are continu-
ously adapted based upon current circum-
stances. In addition, we reserve the right
to review the COVID-19 safety measures of
the general contractors for our construc-
tion projects. A new round of production
interruptions caused by the pandemic could
nevertheless have a negative effect on our

delivery capacity. There could also be de-
lays in our ongoing construction projects.

Customer concentration

If a disproportionately high percentage

of the total revenue and profit of the ams
OSRAM Group is eared from individual
customers, we could become dependent on
the individual customers’ business suc-
cess or market share and thus upon their
demand for our products. If these custom-
ers cannot be contractually committed to
minimum order quantities, the ams OSRAM
Group may suffer a loss of revenue if cus-
tomer order quantities are reduced, or if
orders are delayed or canceled.

The merger with OSRAM reduced the per
centage of consumer electronics relative
to total revenue. A loss of projects or a
reduction in business activity with key
accounts could nevertheless still lead to
losses in revenue and insufficient uti
of customer-specific production capacities.
We are therefore striving to further diversify
‘our customer portfolio in order to reduce
the effects of volatile market developments.

Material shortages

A faster market recovery than expected
from the effects of the pandemic, above

all in China, and increasing digitization
could lead to a disproportionate increase
in customer demand and a serious global
shortage of electronic intermediate prod-
ucts. This situation may be further exac-
erbated by continued disruptions in the
global supply chain. Any delay or failure

fo fulfill customer orders could lead to a
loss of revenue for ams OSRAM as well as
claims by customers for contractual liability
or even loss of the customer. Our customers
may also experience production stoppages

due to lack of materials, which could reduce
demand for ams OSRAM components. We
counter these risks by continuously tracking
incoming customer orders as well as trends
in the procurement market, and by monitor
ing our suppliers’ performance.

Over the course of the year, material
shortages have led to significant increases
in raw material prices. The resulting price
increases by our suppliers could negatively
affect our profitability if they cannot be
fully passed on to our customers.

This tense situation with the availability of
materials and equipment could also have
negative effects on current construction
projects, which could lead to delays in the
progress of construction and price increas-
es, We are countering this risk by ordering
materials and equipment as soon as possi-
ble, with long delivery times.

Dependence on suppliers

To avoid dependence on individual sup,
ers for critical materials, we generally vet

@ second source in addition to the pre-
ferred vendor. This is not always possible or
economically practical, however. Moreover,
certain production services in the semicon-
ductor field can be outsourced only to a
limited number of wafer producers.

If one or more of these sole suppliers fails
to fulfill its supply obligations, this could im-
pair our delivery capacity and result in loss
of revenue. We also face the risk of price
increases by suppliers.

Obtaining information on and regularly
monitoring the financial situation of sup-
rs is a fixed component of our supplier
risk management process. Dedicated em-
ployees coordinate our collaboration with
important production service providers. We

also maintain a forward-looking inventory
‘and procurement management process and
conclude long-term delivery agreements
where possible.

Because several semiconductor production
plants are currently under construction in
Asia, there is a shortage of construction
companies and experts in this region, which
could lead to delays in the progress of our
current construction ac'
risk management is estal

Cyber risks and IT risks

The increasing digitization of our business
processes makes the reliability and secu-
rity of our system infrastructure extremely
important. Regulatory requirements for
the protection, integrity, and availability of
data are also on the rise.

There has been an evident increase in cy-
berattacks worldwide, and extemal attacks
on our IT systems are therefore probable.
Such attacks could result in the theft of
business information, intellectual property,
and personal data. A lack of risk awareness
‘on the part of employees and improper
handling of our IT systems could also make
external attacks easier, or could lead to
uations in which data are lost or can be
recovered only at significant expense. Mal-
functions in the IT systems could also cause
significant interruptions of our production
and supply chain, which would entail loss of
revenue.

To counter these risks, we have transferred
IT systems and applications to sufficiently
secure cloud solutions, and we conduct
independent tests at regular intervals to
determine the vulnerability of our IT sys-
tems. In terms of information security, we
‘operate in accordance with the ISO 27001
standard. We also conduct training for our

8


--- Page 18 ---

94

employees and have a contract with an
emergency response service provider in the
event of a serious cyberattack.

A data protection management system
that builds on globally applicable “binding
corporate rules” ensures company-wide
standards for handling personal data. This
includes training for all employees and the
implementation of uniform technical and
organizational measures, particularly when
data are being processed by external ser-
vice providers.

Quality Risk

Meeting market and customer-specific
requirements for our products is particular-
ly important for our business success. The
increasing complexity of product and man-
ufacturing processes and shorter develop-
ment cycles increase the risk of possible

Financial Risks

The ams OSRAM Group is subject to a va-
ty of financial risks. The relevant risks in-
clude liquidity risk, interest-rate risk, foreign
currency risk, and credit risk. Changes in
credit ratings, currency exchange rates,
terest rates, and the general capital market
situation can influence both our operational
business and our investment and financing
activities. Market price fluctuations can
lead to significant volatility in profits and
payment flows.

Financial risk management is conducted
by the central Treasury department based
upon guidelines approved by the compa-
ny’s Management Board and Supervisory
Board. The Treasury department assesses
and secures against financial risks in close
collaboration with the operational business
areas, also using financial derivatives.

quality issues. Products manufactured by
ams OSRAM are integrated into complex
electronic systems. Errors or functional de-
fects in products produced by ams OSRAM
could directly or indirectly compromise the
property, health, or life of third persons,
and could therefore lead to recalls from
‘our customers and negative effects on our
reputation.

We counter this risk through group-wide
quality processes, which are audited
internally at regular intervals based upon
established standards (such as ISO 14001,
1SO 18485, ISO 9001, and IATF 16949) and
audited externally by our customers, and
are also certified by external companies.

In the event of quality defects and product
safety incidents, we have established an ef-
fective reporting system to ensure a timely
response,

Liquidity Risk

The liquidity is that ams OSRAM will be
incapable of meeting its financial obliga-
tions when they come due. Debt financing
undertaken in conjunction with the acqui-
sition of OSRAM has increased the need
for financing as well as expectations with
respect to future strong financial perfor-
mance. A long-term liquidity plan and
business plan are helping to support the
future financial success of the ams OSRAM
Group. The company has sufficient liquid
assets, as well as a substantial amount in
approved long-term credit lines that have
not been utilized. A financing structure that
has been diversified in terms of financial
instruments and maturity profile also pro-
vides a sufficient margin. Several financing
agreements contain arrangements custom-
ary for the market, under which the ratio
of net financing debt to adjusted EBITDA

(pursuant to the respective definition) must
not exceed 4.0:1. The resulting risk of calls
for early repayment or blocks on utilization
of credit is intensively analyzed in the con-
text of short and long-term business and
financial planning.

Interest-Rate Risk

Interest-rate risks could arise for ams
OSRAM primarily through increased financ-
ing costs due to a tise in interest rates,
while falling interest rates lead to lower
interest income from financial invest-
ments. This risk of changes in interest rates
is countered by the fact that under liabil
ties, more than 95% of the financial liabili-
ties have fixed interest rates. Under assets,
risks of changes in interest rates exist
primarily due to short-term time deposits,
which are linked to the market interest rate.
Having opposing items under assets and
bilities naturally reduces overall exposure.

Foreign Currency Risk

As a global company, we conduct our
transactions in a number of different cur-
rencies. This results in risks caused by fluc-
tuations in foreign currency exchange rates,
both in our operational business as well as
in financial reporting from currency con-
version into the group reporting currency.

Based upon our corporate structure, these
result primarily from fluctuations of the
euro vis-d-vis the US dollar and can have
negative effect on our profit, equity, and
cash flow. In order to hedge currency risks
from our operational business and finan-
cial positions, we monitor all transaction
risks and conversion risks. Depending upon
the respective risk situation, we also use
financial derivatives to hedge net risks from
balance sheet items and risks from sched-
uled transactions.

Credit Risk
Credit risks arise when a customer or a
counterparty to a financial instrument is
incapable of fulfilling its payment obliga
tions. Pursuant to our treasury and risk
management policy, financial investments
and transactions with derivative finan-

cial instruments are conducted only with
financial institutions having a high level of
creditworthiness, and are widely diversified.
Individual credit limits for customers and
financial institutions are issued based upon
external and internal data and are contin-
uously monitored. There was no dispropor-
tionate concentration of credit risks as of
the balance sheet date.

95


--- Page 19 ---

9%

Legal and Compliance Risks

‘As a global company, the ams OSRAM
Group with its subsidiaries is subject to a
variety of legal and compliance risks. These
include the risk of litigation and the risk

of noncompliance with regulatory require-
ments. ams OSRAM may therefore be
confronted with various court proceedings,
claims, and official investigations. These
could result in the company incurring costs,
eg, for damages, recalls, fines, or other
financial detriments, as well as reputational
damage.

We are subject to a variety of governmental
regulations worldwide, e.g., anticorruption
‘and anti-money laundering laws, as wel

as laws to ensure data protection, envi-
ronmental protection, product safety, and
labor conditions. Failure to comply with

the relevant regulations may under certain
circumstances result in significant fines
and reputational risks. To prevent this to
the extent possible and to anticipate future
regulatory changes in a timely manner, we
monitor global changes in the legal land-
scape through central departments that
support the country-specific implementa-
tion of appropriate processes and controls.
In order to avoid and, if necessary, to
identify compliance-related events in a
timely manner, ams OSRAM has established
a comprehensive group-wide compliance
management system.

Like us, many of our competitors, suppliers,
and customers also protect their technol-
ogy through patents or other proprietary
rights. The enforcement of claims by other
parties based upon an alleged infringe-
ment of proprietary rights could lead to
significant costs in the form of court costs,
damages, and/or license fees. Such claims
could also hinder the business of ams

OSRAM. We reduce our risk by maintaining
and, if necessary, enforcing a strong IP
portfolio, We also monitor the external IP
environment. If necessary, we also acquire
licenses to ensure our freedom of action.

If economically practical, we also pur-
chase insurance to cover a portion of the
risks. Note 18 ‘Provisions’ of the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements
provides an overview of significant legal
disputes.

Overall estimate of risks

During the past fiscal year, the risk situa-
tion of the ams OSRAM Group continued to
be subject to the effects of the COVID-19
pandemic, and was characterized by mate-
rial shortages and supply bottlenecks. The
risks associated with the overall business
environment could have a serious effect

on the business of ams OSRAM and could
frequently require new operational actions
as well as adjustments of its strategy. It
remains to be seen how extensive and
long-lasting the effects of the COVID-19
pandemic will be for our business.

Taking into account the respective proba
of occurrence and the potential effects,
the risks enumerated in this report do not
endanger the continuity of the compa-

ny’s business, either individually or in their
entirety. Given the balance sheet structure
and the current business prospects, the
Management Board does not expect any
substantial threat to the going concem.
This assessment is supported by our financ-
ing structure, see Note 19 “Interest-bearing
Loans’ of the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

9. Events After the Balance Sheet Date

The renaming of the highest-level Group
company from ams AG to ams-OSRAM
AG became effective when it was entered

10. Outlook

In the current year significant uncertainties
continue related to the development of the
global economy, private consumption and
worldwide industrial production including
automotive production. These uncertainties
reflect the ongoing impact of the Covid-19
pandemic and a more volatile macro-eco-
nomic environment with unclear effect on
major economies and regions. ams OSRAM
is therefore subject to potential continued
‘end market volatility, customer perfor-
mance that may be difficult to anticipate,
and potential unforeseen changes in
demand trends, supply chain performance
and semiconductor industry dynamics. At
the same time, ams OSRAM is confident
about its market position and sees itself
well placed to serve customer needs in im-
portant markets. This view is based on the
‘expected introduction of new solutions for
n and sensing ap-
ications, expected high volume shipments
toa global customer base, and planned
production ramps of various design-wins.

With effective control of OSRAM on the
basis of the domination and profit and loss
transfer agreement between the companies.
ams OSRAM will continue the integration
of OSRAM in the current year on the basis
of planned programs and activities. As

@ consequence, ams OSRAM expects to
record further considerable expenses for
2022 from implementing integration-related
measures based on current information.

in the commercial register on January 18,
2022.

Looking ahead, ams OSRAM expects the
planned full integration of both companies
to drive significant mid and longer-term
business advantages and positive finan-
cial effects for the group. On the basis of
‘a-current assessment of semiconductor
and end market dynamics and the global
macro-economic environment ams OSRAM
expects its business to show positive
development overall in 2022. However,
should global semiconductor demand and
the macro-economic environment develop
unfavorably in 2022 and/or the US-Dollar
show notable weakness, ams OSRAM would
experience a meaningful impact on the
development of its business and earnings.

ams OSRAM pursues a global leadership
position in optical solutions as its strategic
focus which is supported by the continuing
successful integration of OSRAM. For this
growth strategy the mid-term priorities for
‘ams OSRAM are expanding the group's
business with key accounts globally and
driving higher penetration of its worldwide
markets and customer base. ams OSRAM

will leverage its industry-leading portfolio of
light emission, optics and sensing technol-
ogies to drive innovation in its focus areas
and create customer-driven solutions for
new applications. Enabled by these solu-
tions, ams OSRAM expects to benefit from
a diversified range of growth opportunities
in the automotive, consumer, industrial and
medical technology end markets.

7


--- Page 20 ---

11, Other Information

For information on equity, treasury shares, and equity investments, please refer to the
notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Premstaetten, February 23, 2022

ams-OSRAM AG, Premstaetten

ra So & X doch. fey,

Alexander Everke Ingo Bank Thomas Stockmeier Mark Hamersma
Chairman of the Member of the Member of the Member of the
Management Board Management Board Management Board Management Board
CEO CFO cto cBo

8
