

--- Page 1 ---

Mediaset Espafia Comunicacion, S.A. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Management Report for the year ended December 31, 2021
(In thousands of euros)

THE SPANISH ECONOMY IN 2021

After the global economic debacle that occurred in 2020 as a result of the pandemic, 2021 was
destined to be the year of recovery, but the truth is that due to the subsequent covid waves
throughout the year, the rebound effect has been more moderate than initially expected.
Indeed, the preliminary data currently available (e.g. the International Monetary Fund in its
latest forecast report) point to a 5.9% increase for the year, which is not sufficient to
compensate for the previous year's decline. By regions, the United States is thought to have
grown by 5.6%, primarily as a result of the extraordinary fiscal stimulus aimed at supporting
domestic demand in addition to the expansionary monetary policy that has been in place for
almost a decade.

With regard to Europe, the IMF forecasts put the year-on-year growth at 5.2%, while for Spain,
although there is a difference in the preliminary data, the IMF, as well as Funcas, forecasts
4.9% growth, a figure far from the GDP decline that was experienced in 2020, which exceeded
10.8%. According to the same source, France would post a 6.7 per cent GDP growth, Italy 6.2
per cent and Germany, which is lagging behind, a meagre 2.7 per cent.

After a long period of declining prices, inflationary pressures have emerged as a
macroeconomic novelty in 2021. The most common explanation for this phenomenon is related
to both the rise in energy commodities and the bottlenecks in the supply of both final and,
especially, intermediate goods, as a consequence of the lockdowns and restrictions that
countries have suffered globally and, in particular, those that manufacture components for
production processes and supply chains. The effect has been felt particularly strongly in the
automotive sector, as will be discussed in the section on the advertising market evolution.

These inflationary trends have been very evident in the United States, where they have
reached levels above 6% on a year-on-year basis. As far as Europe is concerned, the figure
for the end of 2021 on a year-on-year basis is 5%, while in Spain the figure was set at 6.5%,
following an accelerated upward movement that began in the second half of the year.

The best macroeconomic data of the year undoubtedly came from the employment sector, with
an unemployment rate that, according to Funcas, averaged 15.1% for the year and effective
Social Security enrolment which, at year-end, was above pre-pandemic levels.

With regard to the foreseeable evolution of both the world and Spanish economies in 2022,
obviously, and similarly to this time last year when the economy was in the final stages of the
fourth wave of covid, all projections will be based on the hypotheses that are considered in
relation to the evolution of the omicron variant and of future strains, as well as the possibilities
of the pandemic phenomenon becoming endemic. Once again, forecasts vary from one source
to another although, focusing on the IMF's most recent estimates, the central scenario, slightly
more negative than in its previous forecast, would be a growth of 4.4% at a global level, i.e.
one and a half points below that seen in 2021, a situation that would affect most economies,
with the United States growing by 4% compared with 5.6% last year and the European Union
by 3.9% (5.2% in 2021), while Spain would be one of the few exceptions, with an expected
growth rate (5.8%) higher than in 2021.

DISCLAIMER: The English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for Information
purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
98


--- Page 2 ---

Mediaset Espafia Comunicacion, S.A. and Subsidiaries

Explanatory Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
31 December 2021
(In thousands of euros)

The evolution of inflation will continue to be closely monitored in view of the unusually high
levels reached at the date this Management Report was prepared. In Spain, according to the
Bank of Spain, price pressures should ease in 2022 due to both the reduction in the base and
the partial reversal of the increase in energy prices that the futures markets point towards so,
although there would be an upturn from 3% in 2021 to 4% this year in terms of annual
averages, there would be a gradual slowdown, especially in the second half of the year, which
would bring it to under 2% by year-end.

Another element to closely monitor throughout the year, which is intrinsically correlated with
the evolution of the price index, is the European Central Bank's monetary policy, which could
be inclined to embark on a more restrictive path both in the event that inflation levels persist at
higher than expected and as a more or less mirrored reaction to the 2022 rate hike announced
by the US Federal Reserve.

ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE

The corporate purpose of Mediaset Espafia Comunicacién, S.A., parent company of the
Consolidated Mediaset Espafia Group, is the indirect management of a public television
service. At 31 December 2021, it was commercially operating seven television channels
(Telecinco, Factoria de Ficcién, Boing, Cuatro, Divinity, Energy and Be Mad). It is also the
parent company of a Group of companies known as the Grupo Mediaset Espana
Comunicaci6n.

The distribution of the Parent Company’s share capital at year end 2021 and 2020 was as
follows:

2021 2020
Owner ownership ownership
%. %
MFE-MediaForEurope N.V. 55.69 53.26
Market 44.31 42.38
Treasury shares - 4.36
Total 100.00 100.00

Traditionally, the Group's activities have focused mainly on the exploitation of advertising on
the Company's TV channels, and in recent years it has expanded into activities that are
complementary and linked to the traditional TV business, such as:

- Audiovisual production

- Distribution of content

- Sale of digital advertising

- Exploitation of an OTT Platform

99
DISCLAIMER: The English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for Information
purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.


--- Page 3 ---

Mediaset Espafia Comunicacion, S.A. and Subsidiaries

Explanatory Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
31 December 2021
(In thousands of euros)

THE TELEVISION BUSINESS IN 2021

The free-to-air television business in 2021, like the rest of the country's economic activities,
has been strongly influenced by the evolution of the successive waves of the
pandemic. Generally speaking, business improved gradually from the beginning of the year,
when the effects of the fourth wave were still being felt, and as the vaccination process
progressed and social restrictions were being lifted, a process of normalisation became evident
from the second quarter onwards, which, generally speaking and with some ups and downs,
lasted until the end of the year, precisely when the sixth wave began.

With regard to the advertising market situation, which still accounts for a significant part of the
Group's revenue base, although it is clearly decreasing due to the momentum of new business,
according to data from the Infoadex consultancy firm, advertising investment increased by
8.3% in the year to 1,776 million euros, a figure that shows, similarly to what we saw in 2020,
that advertising activity became closely correlated with the evolution of the pandemic, in such
a way that advertisers started to contract campaigns again when they observed the slightest
signs of normalisation in citizens consumption habits. In any case, the distribution of the
television recovery between the different sectors has been far from homogeneous throughout
the year, which has produced divergent relative situations between them at different points in
the year. In this regard, special mention should be made of the automotive sector
performance, which, especially from September onwards, began feeling the impact of the lack
of components and manufacturing parts, all of which led to a generalised disruption of
production lines and, ultimately, to the virtual elimination of its advertising campaigns, a
situation which, at the date this Management Report was prepared, has not yet returned to
normal, although it is expected to do so in the coming months.

Regarding TV advertising data for the different operators, as of 31 December, Infoadex data
show that the Group accounted for 43.2% of total TV advertising, marking a difference of 2.8
points with its main competitor. Our record for the year is in percentage terms identical to that
of the previous year.

As for the audiovisual advertising market, which includes TV plus digital (excluding search
engines), the increase in 2021 compared to 2020 was 12.9%, according to Infoadex data.

In terms of audience, the figures for the year (always in terms of Total Day) show that our
Group continues to be the global leader with an audience share of 28.2% and a difference of
0.9 points with our main competitor.

Telecinco has once again led the audience with 14.9%, 1.1 points behind its main competitor,
while Cuatro reached 5.3% and the rest of the Group's thematic channels 8.1%, which is a 1
point difference with respect to that of its main competitor's thematic channels.

Comparing the Group's results in 2021 with those of 2020, the following can be seen:

e Net turnover increased from 836,647 thousand euros to 876,337 thousand euros,
primarily as a result of the increase in advertising sales.

100
DISCLAIMER: The English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for Information
purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.


--- Page 4 ---

Mediaset Espafia Comunicacion, S.A. and Subsidiaries

Explanatory Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
31 December 2021
(In thousands of euros)

¢ Operating expenses rose from 606,122 thousand euros to 651,043 thousand euros, an
increase which can be explained by the normalisation of the advertising business in the
year compared to the unusual year that was 2020 when, especially during the lockdown
period, costs were radically reduced, as well as the impact of the 2020 European
Football Championship which took place in 2021.

¢ Finally, the Parent Company's net result for 2021 is 181,031 thousand euros compared
to 178,731 thousand euros in 2020.

In January 2021, the Group acquired a 3.43% stake in Prosieben Sat in addition to the 9.75%
of the German TV operator's shares that had been purchased in November 2019 and March
2020 respectively. The latter acquisition was carried out entirely with Mediaset’s own
resources. All these operations are of a purely industrial nature and are closely related to the
Group's strategic vision in the sense of a more global approach to the objectives, challenges
and opportunities offered to media operators in the international competitive environment and
which constitute a fundamental part of the Group's future-oriented business strategy.

DIVIDENDS AND TREASURY SHARES
The Group’s Parent Company has not distributed dividends in 2020 or 2021.
INVESTMENTS IN RIGHTS AND CINEMA

Telecinco Cinema is a subsidiary of the Mediaset Espafa Group and is responsible for
complying with the obligation to participate in cinematographic works. The current General Law
on Audiovisual Communication establishes that television audiovisual communication service
providers must contribute annually to the advance financing of cinematographic films with at
least 3% of the revenues accrued in the previous year. Mediaset Espafa complies with this
obligation through Telecinco Cinema productions.

While 2020 was a devastating year for the sector, it is fair to say that it did not recover to pre-
pandemic levels in 2021, with gross box office takings still 40% below those recorded in 2019.

The first film released this year was "Operation Camaron". It was realeased in late June by
The Walt Disney Company, with box-office takings of 3.5 million euros and a total of 600,000
viewers. On 12 November, "Way Down" arrived in Spanish cinemas from Sony Pictures
Entertainment. Directed by Jaume Balaguer6, the film, starring Freddy Highmore ("The Good
Doctor"), has grossed 6 million euros in Spanish cinemas to date and has been seen by almost
one million viewers.

Filming in 2021 began with "El cuarto pasajero", a new collaboration between the Group and
Alex de la Iglesia after the successful experience of "Perfectos Desconocidos". Starring Alberto
San Juan, Ernesto Alterio, Blanca Suarez and Rubén Cortada, the film will be released in late
2022 by Sony Pictures Entertainment.

In the summer, "No haberlos tenido" was shot, a comedy written by Manuel Burque and Josep
Gatell (screenwriters of "Es por tu bien" and "Operacién Camar6n") and directed by Victor

101
DISCLAIMER: The English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for Information
purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.


--- Page 5 ---

Mediaset Espafia Comunicacion, S.A. and Subsidiaries

Explanatory Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
31 December 2021
(In thousands of euros)

Garcia Leon. The film stars Tito Valverde, Gracia Olayo, Ernesto Sevilla and Toni Acosta, and
will be released in 2023.

The next shoot was "Rainbow", a project directed by Paco Leon (Kiki, el amor se hace") and
written by himself and Javier Gullén. The film, starring Dora Postigo, Carmen Maura and
Carmen Machi, will be released in cinemas in autumn 2022 and will be streamed worldwide
on Netflix shortly afterwards.

With regard to the releases planned for 2022, "Malnazidos" will be released on 11 March by
Sony Pictures Entertainment. Directed by Javier Ruiz Caldera and Alberto de Toro, the film
features Micky Esparbé and Aura Garrido among others. In addition to the previously
mentioned "Rainbow" and "El cuarto pasajero", the long-awaited "Tadeo Jones 3", the third
instalment in the saga that has been so successful for Telecinco Cinema, will hit cinemas in
the summer. The film, like its predecessors, will be released in Spain and the rest of the world
by Paramount Pictures. As for filming, "Mari2", a film written by Breixo del Corral and Pablo
Alen and directed by Lucia Alemany, will start shooting at the beginning of the year. The film
stars Ernesto Alterio and Paco Leén and has the same co-producers as "Way Down" and will
be released in 2023 by The Walt Disney Company. Around the middle of the year, Telecinco
Cinema will shoot "Casi Familia", a screenplay by Diego San José ("Ocho Apellidos Vascos")
and Borja Echevarria, to be directed by Alvaro Fernandez Armero ("Si yo fuera rico"), which
Universal Pictures will release in Spanish cinemas in 2023.

INTERNET

In 2021 our Group consolidated its leadership in digital video consumption according to
Comscore data, reaching its best result ever with 6,171 million videos viewed between January
and December, 18% more than in 2020, a figure 2,000 videos higher than its main competitor
and six times higher than RTVE's figure, coming second place in the global ranking of videos
viewed and surpassed only by Google, beating its best monthly record in March with a record
of 695 million videos viewed.

Analysing web traffic in 2021, we observed an all-time record in the average monthly number
of unique users who visited Mediaset Espafia's sites, reaching 19.4 million unique users per
month, an increase of 7% compared to the figure obtained in 2020. The month of October
registered the best monthly figure ever with 20.8 million unique users.

The data show that we have witnessed a significant growth in users throughout the year on
the different websites, with "Telecinco.es" seeing particularly good results with a 6% increase
in unique users at the end of the year, compared to 2020 and a monthly average of 11.1 million,
compared to the 9.8 million unique monthly users of its main competitor. In addition, the site
reached 1,707 million videos, an improvement of 53% compared to the previous year and
compared to Atresmedia's 242 million. In June alone, the Mediaset site beat its absolute
maximum with 221 million videos. "Cuatro.com" beat its all-time high in video views with 247
million reproductions, surpassing LaSexta.com, which reported 198 million video views.

In terms of television content platforms, "Mitele.es" strengthened its leadership in video

consumption, beating its annual record of 3,371 million videos viewed, 13% more than in 2020,

compared to 2,704 million for Atresplayer, one of its main competitors, and reaffirming its
102

DISCLAIMER: The English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for Information

purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.


--- Page 6 ---

Mediaset Espafia Comunicacion, S.A. and Subsidiaries

Explanatory Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
31 December 2021
(In thousands of euros)

leadership as the most consumed live and on-demand television content platform. Meanwhile,
the digital native content platform "Mtmad" has achieved a total of 391 million views,
representing a 13% growth compared to 2020, its absolute record with 1.7 million unique users
per month, 40% more than in 2020.

Divinity" improved its web traffic by 21% compared to the previous year, with a monthly
average of 3.6 million users, reaching an all-time high. The El Desmarque, Uppers and Nius
sites also deserve to be mentioned, as they have shown very good results in 2021. In the case
of "Nius", the site has grown to 4.8 million monthly average users, with a peak in December of
6.7 million. As for "El Desmarque", the monthly average number of unique users has reached
4.8 million, while "Uppers" has grown by almost 90% over the year to 1.2 million unique users
per month, after reaching its best result ever in October with 2.4 million. Also worth a mention
is the "Yasss" website, which has doubled its previous year's figure to 703,000 unique users
per month.

The loyalty and uptake strategy in 2021 enabled "Mitele PLUS" to reach 215,639 subscribers
in November, its absolute record. In addition, in the last quarter of the year, "Mitele PLUS"
launched two new subscription packages: the cinema channel "AContra+", which already has
an extensive catalogue of more than 350 national and international feature films of all genres
that are regularly updated, and "Dizi", a channel specialising in globally successful Turkish
series, which already has twelve titles in its catalogue. Finally, it is worth mentioning that the
contact sports channel "Fight Sports" is also available on Mediaset Espafia's subscription
platform.

TREASURY SHARES

As at 31 December 2021, the Company had amortised almost all of the treasury shares held
by the Company except for two shares which it maintains and which, as at 31 December 2020,
amounted to 14,269,073 shares, equivalent to 4.36% of the share capital.

PAYMENTS TO SUPPLIERS

In 2021, the average payment period to the Group’s Spanish suppliers was 74 days, a figure
that compares with 86 days in the previous year. These figures can be explained almost
exclusively by the rigorous control exercised by the Group in relation to the commercial and
tax requirements that must be met by the invoices received and which means that these are
not paid until the detected incidences have been rectified. With the disruption created by the
lockdown measures and the emergence of working from home, many suppliers have been
much slower in complying with the said requirements. In all other respects, the Group
scrupulously complies with the guidelines set out in the said legislation combating late
payment.

MEDIASET ESPANA SHARES

From a stock market point of view, 2021 saw two very distinct periods: during the first half of

the year, expectations for a recovery in the sector were improving, which led to generalised

revaluations across the sector as a whole. From then on, with the appearance of successive
103

DISCLAIMER: The English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for Information

purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.


--- Page 7 ---

Mediaset Espafia Comunicacion, S.A. and Subsidiaries

Explanatory Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
31 December 2021
(In thousands of euros)

waves of Covid and the supply crisis in the automotive sector, one of the most important in the
advertising market, the positive trend reverted to the point of cancelling out the gains
accumulated up until then and even ending the year with reductions which, in the case of
Mediaset Espafia, reached up to 3.5%.

The annual maximum for Mediaset Espafa's shares was recorded on 31 May (5.79 euros),
while the minimum was on 17 December (3.83 euros). At year end, the share price reached
4.11 euros.

At the sector level, the best year-end results were achieved by French operators TF1 and M6,
which are in the process of merging, with year-on-year increases of 32.4% and 29.4%
respectively. Mediaset Italia, which changed its name during the year to MediaForEurope,
recorded a year-on-year increase of 2.6%.

During the year, Mediaset Espafia cancelled the 14.3 million shares it held as treasury shares,
bringing its share capital to 313,166,144 shares.

Mediaset Espafia's amount traded in shares in the year was 449 million euros, which ranks it
ninth in the Ibex Medium Cap index of which it is a member.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Corporate Governance best practices pursue the implementation of rules, principles and
incentive in companies that help protect the interests of the company and the stakeholders and
guarantee professional management conduct.

Mediaset Espafia’s commitment to the rules and principles of good governance has been
evident from the moment we became a listed company in 2004. Ever since then, our principal
objective has been to adapt our various bodies of rules to the Code of Good Governance as
well as the approval of others that did not exist until now: our Code of Ethics, which must be
complied with by any individual or legal entity that collaborates in any area or in any way with
us, and the Internal Code of Conduct of Mediaset Espafia Comunicacién, S.A. and its Group
of companies for matters related to the Securities Markets.

This also implied a quantitative and qualitative review of the Board of Directors and the
Committees composition in order to comply with the recommendations in this area.

The verification by independent auditors of our reports on (i) Corporate Governance; (ii)
Directors’ Remuneration; and (iii) Statement of Non-Financial Information, including the
binding submission of the latter to the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting, have
placed us at the forefront of companies in terms of Corporate Governance, as has been
recognised by various institutions specialising in this area.

The non-financial information for the financial year 2021 is presented in a separate report

following this Consolidated Management Report, "Statement of Non-Financial Information".

The "Annual Corporate Governance Report" and the "Annual Report on Directors’

Remuneration" for the 2021 financial year are presented separately and by reference, and are
104

DISCLAIMER: The English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for Information

purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.



--- Page 8 ---

Mediaset Espafia Comunicacion, S.A. and Subsidiaries

Explanatory Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
31 December 2021
(In thousands of euros)

available on the website of the National Securities Market Commission (CNMV), in the
Company's information section, Mediaset Espafia Comunicacién, S.A., in the "Information on
Corporate Governance" section, all of which form part of this Consolidated Management
Report.

HEDGING OF FINANCIAL RISKS

The Group arranges financial instruments to hedge exchange differences relating to
transactions in foreign currencies (mainly purchases of third-party production rights). The
purpose of these hedging transactions is to offset the impact on the consolidated statement of
profit or loss of exchange-rate fluctuations in relation to outstanding liabilities relating to the
aforementioned transactions and, for such purpose, currencies are purchased for the amount
of such liabilities, which are contracted at the scheduled payment dates.

RISK CONTROL

The Group’s risk management policy is described in Note 13.6 to the accompanying
Consolidated Financial Statements.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Our main investments are concentrated on the present and future content broadcast by our
Group. Although we do not have a specific Investment and Development department,
innovation is one of our critical points of development.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

In view of the Group’s business activities, it does not have any environmental liability,
expenses, assets, provisions or contingencies that might be significant with respect to its
equity, financial position or results of the Group.

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

In January 2022 the Company has completed the cancellation of the first tranche of the
derivative corresponding to the second acquisition of Prosieben shares that took place in
March 2020.

CAPITAL STRUCTURE

At 31 December 2021, the Parent’s share capital amounted to 156,583 thousand euros
representing 313,166,144 shares. All the shares are represented by book entries and are of
the same class.

The Company’s shares are traded on the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia Stock
Exchanges. The ISIN code is ES0152503035.

On 22 June 2020 Mediaset Espajia left the Ibex 35 as it did not meet the capitalisation and
volume requirements to remain in the selective index. The lower trading volumes are due to
105
DISCLAIMER: The English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for Information

purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.


--- Page 9 ---

Mediaset Espafia Comunicacion, S.A. and Subsidiaries

Explanatory Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
31 December 2021
(In thousands of euros)

the high number of shares that were immobilised as a requirement to apply for the withdrawal
right in the "Media for Europe" (MFE) project. In August, the number of shares frozen amounted
to around 35 million shares. The heavy penalty in terms of capitalisation is mainly due to the
impact of the pandemic. On the same date, i.e., 22 June, Mediaset Espafia joined the Ibex
Medium Cap index.

OUTLOOK FOR THE COMPANY'S BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

The Group's business in 2022, like that of the Spanish economy as a whole, will be inextricably
linked to the evolution of Covid and the eventual disappearance of the most perverse effects
of the pandemic as a result of the vaccination processes and also of the reduced virulence of
the new strains that may appear once the effects of Omicron have subsided, although, as we
have already seen in the section on the economic situation, the central scenario is that global
growth will be lower than in the previous year, although, as far as Spain is concerned, growth
in 2022 is estimated to be higher than in 2021.

Regarding the media business, our Group will continue to seek to increase its revenue base
towards activities that have a promising future: digital advertising revenues from our internet
platforms, and the development of HbbTv, which combines the advantages of audience
targeting for advertisers with the possibility of more direct advertising, and the sale of content
to third parties taking advantage of the important weight our in-house productions have in our
programme schedule together with the existence of a steadily increasing structural base for
the creation of content both directly in house or through stakes in independent producers and
all this without forgetting the growing demand for domestic production by the new audiovisual
platforms, phenomena and situations that have already crystallised and shown very positive
results in 2020.

With regard to this production and content-distribution activity, the Group created a company
(“Mediterraneo”) at the end of 2018 to serve as a content warehouse to bring together, from a
business perspective, those non-advertising activities which already have a proven record of
experience and success and encompass a diverse range of categories such as entertainment,
fiction, films, sporting events and digital formats, to which we add our experience in content
marketing (we already have customers in approximately 190 territories) to other operators,
channels, devices, SVOD platforms, etc., an activity that has continued in 2020 with strong
growth rates.

Therefore, in light of the above and always mindful of retaining our position as a frontrunner
and which has led us to maintain our undisputed lead among the Spanish communication
groups, we can state that our Group intends to continue its process of transition from a TV
operator to become a media company in the broadest sense of the word, maintaining its
privileged position where traditional television is concerned while working to strengthen and
develop those new lines of business that are directly linked to traditional TV, which represents
a huge opportunity and for which we are well prepared due to our experience and success
both in advertising sales and in the creation, production and exploitation of multi-platform
audiovisual content.

Based on television consumption data measured in minutes/day and the weight of free-to-air
television in terms of global audiovisual consumption via the various platforms, we hope that
106
DISCLAIMER: The English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for Information

purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.


--- Page 10 ---

Mediaset Espafia Comunicacion, S.A. and Subsidiaries

Explanatory Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
31 December 2021
(In thousands of euros)

the share of TV advertising revenues in the overall advertising pie remains high, demonstrating
the importance of TV as a means of distributing advertising messages due to its penetration,
simultaneous exposure to consumers, standardised audience and impact measurement
techniques, and the security of its environment since it is a strictly-regulated media.

We will continue our efforts to ensure the distribution of our content across all the platforms
and devices available to viewers (TV, on-line platforms, etc.) by investing in both economic
resources and personnel in line with what we have been doing in recent years, with innovative
initiatives aimed at increasing the universe of unique users and always with a strategy based
on the sale of advertising in the different media as the main source of income. In this context,
we will continue to exploit growth opportunities through acquisitions that add value, as we have
done in recent years.

In this context of an ever changing market and new forms of audiovisual content distribution,
our Group’s business strategy will continue to focus on maintaining our leadership position
both in terms of audience and exploitation of the advertising market, with a strong presence in
the production of in-house content both through our own resources and in association with
independent producers, including those in which we have a non-controlling ownership interest
and whose number has been increasing in recent years as the product typology base has
expanded.

Indeed, we consider that robust and diverse in-house production provides us with a unique
strong point that enables us both to equip ourselves with exclusive content that has historically
been praised by the public and to take advantage of the marketing opportunity resulting from
the emergence of new operators that demand quality content.

In terms of costs, we will continue with our traditional focus on costs with the objective of,
adapting to the environmental conditions that affect revenue generation and helped by the
weight of our in-house production, determining an optimal base that allows us to maximise our
margins and cash flows by taking advantage of the operating leverage that is inherent to the
free-to-air TV sector.

With regards to our programming grid, we will continue to exploit the genres that have
historically been popular with audiences and that have made us the leading group, as well as
our strategy of diversifying and focusing on audiences through our family of channels in order
to achieve a better understanding of the audience and also a more attractive company profile
for our customers. In the context of sporting event rights our strategy will continue to focus on
taking advantage of those windows of opportunity that enable us to acquire popular events
capable of increasing our audience and advertising levels, provided that the cost of buying
such rights allow us the possibility to make them profitable.

Finally, maintaining a solid financial and equity position will continue to be a primary objective,
as we believe that it not only enables us to objectively and independently consider, the
operational and business opportunities that may arise in such a changing market, but also
strengthens our competitive position in the market, given the high financial leverage that affects
most companies operating in our sector.

107
DISCLAIMER: The English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for Information
purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.


--- Page 11 ---

Mediaset Espafia Comunicacion, S.A. and Subsidiaries

Explanatory Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
31 December 2021
(In thousands of euros)

We will remain alert to any investment opportunities (particularly with regard to our new digital
or content production and distribution businesses) that could bring growth or increased
margins to our Group, for which we believe our positive cash position and intact borrowing
capacity is a unique advantage. In this regard, we will pay particular attention to the investment
possibilities that will allow us to move forward in the international consolidation of our business,
as we believe that the future of the sector will necessarily depend on the possibilities of
developing specific projects in this area as the only way to ensure sustainable and lasting
growth, without renouncing the strength of the local business, particularly in the field of content
production, where we already have both varied and complete firepower through our strategy
of minority shareholdings in companies in the sector, and we intend to expand and broaden
the range of investments we have as a means of attracting and retaining talent in an
environment in which the demand for quality products is ever increasing.

108
DISCLAIMER: The English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for Information
purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
