

--- Page 1 ---

01 PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP,

Somfy at a glance

Activity & Financial Performance Worldwide presence

Vv Vv

SALES

€1,477.8M 6,880 8

employees in 59 countries production sites

SALES GROWTH

+ 1 5 7 % | R&D and Sustainable Development

on a like-for-like basis compared to 2020

CURRENT : =

OPERATING RESULT

€301.1M 2,281 61.5%

patents in portfolio of products sold
with Act for Green label

4 application types
wv
Shutters Connected | Security Interior
and solar Home & Access blinds
protections control and curtains

7 SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 2 ---

Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP,

One year
with our new

governance

2021 WAS THE YEAR THE FORM OF A LIMITED
COMPANY WITH A BOARD OF DIRECTORS
WITH SEPARATE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER FUNCTIONS WAS INTRODUCED.

IN A CHANGING ENVIRONMENT,

THIS GOVERNANCE GIVES THE COMPANY
MOMENTUM TO WRITE ITS FUTURE AND
EXCEL IN THE EXECUTION OF ITS STRATEGY.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021

EXECUTIVE

COMMITTEE

Composed of 8 members and headed
by Pierre Ribeiro, the Executive
Committee submits and implements
the strategy and rolls out the
transformation program. It guarantees
operational excellence, customer
experience quality, and employee

engagement.

VY

PIERRE RIBEIRO
Chief Executive Officer

\

4

Pierre Ribeiro

Chief Executive Officer

oO

(i

Tobias Schaper
Group CFO

Bruno Barlet
Head of Sales

te

Jean-Claude Rivier
Head of Engineering
& Customer Satisfaction

Valérie Dixmier
Deputy CEO in charge of People,
Culture and Organization

Marie Ziegler
Head of Strategy & Insights

e

P)

Marc Westermann
Head of Products & Services

‘i

Bruno Stragliati
Head of Operations
& Supply Chain


--- Page 3 ---

O01 PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

BOARD

OF DIRECTORS SPECIALIST COMMITTEES
Chaired by Jean Guillaume Despature, Specialist Committees, which are part of the Board, prepare
the Board of Directors sets Somfy’s the Board’s work and facilitate decision-making by submitting
ambitions, determines its major recommendations on matters within their respective areas
orientations, and validates its strategy. of competence.

The Board is a genuine partner for the
Executive Committee, supports it in rolling
out its Ambition 2030, and anticipates

VY

major trends to prepare for the future.

The Board’s posture is evolving, and its
scope of action is widened by being more

in touch with current issues and working

on the budget and acquisitions.

Two Observers joined the Board in 2021
and brought their expertise in digitalization
and finance.

Vv
JEAN GUILLAUME DESPATURE

Chairman of the Board of Directors
VY
> MICHEL ROLLIER*
Vice-Chairman

> MARIE BAVAREL-DESPATURE

> PAULE CELLARD*

> SOPHIE DESORMIERE*

> FLORENCE NOBLOT*

> BERTRAND PARMENTIER*

> ANTHONY STAHL

> ARTHUR WATIN-AUGOUARD**

> GREGOIRE FERRE
> VINCENT LEONARD

> 50% women

> 62.5% independent Directors

> 7 meetings in its current form of Board of
Directors with an attendance rate of 98%

> 2 meetings in its former form of Supervisory
Board with an attendance rate of 93%

* Independent member
** Member representing employees
on the Board of Directors

9 SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 4 ---

Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP,

A responsible
growth model

BY CREATING A BETTER LIVING ENVIRONMENT
ACCESSIBLE TO ALL, SOMFY BRINGS
WELL-BEING, SECURITY, AND ENERGY SAVINGS
TO ITS CUSTOMERS. ITS BUSINESS MODEL
CREATES SHARED VALUE FOR ALL GROUP
STAKEHOLDERS.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021 10

CAPITAL

PEOPLE

> 6,131 employees"
> Somfy present in 59 countries
> Funds contributed to
Les Petites Pierres = €265K
> Foundation budget = €525K

PLANET

> Ecodesign-certified
since 2015”)

> Energy-efficiency
solutions

> Dedicated team

PROSPERITY

Industrial

and commercial capital
> €120M R&D expenses

> Network of experts

> 8 industrial sites

Long-term

development model

> Cash flow = €313M

> CAPEX = €54M

> Stable shareholding = 71.9%


--- Page 5 ---

O01 PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

SUSTAINABLE
GROWTH MODEL » VALUE CREATED

VISION _ PEOPLE

> Engagement = 7.6")

> 25,7% of women in management

> 66 solidarity missions for the Foundation
> 65 Les Petites Pierres projects funded

> 61.5% of Act for Green products?)
> 210 kT COze avoided
Nv > 40% electricity from renewable sources

AMBITION

> 40 patent applications

> 46 new products and services

> Customer Net Promoter Score" = 45.4
> 44% local purchases (<500 km)

> Sales = €1,478M
> ROCE = 31.4%

KEY ACTIVITIES

(1) Excluding temporary workers. (2) As per life cycle analyses certified according to the PEP ecopassport® standard. (3) “Intrinsic engagement rate” up 0.5 points.
(4) Volume of emissions avoided by customers using automated roller shutter solutions in France and Germany (methodology validated by Carbone 4).
(5) Customer Net Promoter Score (customer satisfaction indicator) = % promoters - % detractors.

1 SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 6 ---

Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP,

Somfy and
its environment

UNCERTAINTY BECOMES THE NORM. WHY? CLIMATE
CHANGE, INCREASING SOCIAL INEQUALITIES AND
GEOPOLITICAL TENSIONS, AND THE INCREASING SCARCITY
OF RESOURCES AND RISING RAW MATERIALS PRICES.
LIKE THE ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS CRISIS, WHICH HAS
HAD A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON MANUFACTURERS,
INCLUDING SOMFY.

CLIMATE
Unquestionably, the consequences of climate
ACT FOR change are more tangible, recurrent, and irrevers-
ible. Faced with the climate emergency, Somfy has
G REEN chosen to innovate with its solutions for protecting

the home in summer and dynamic solar management
in winter. The Group manufactures Act for Green
eco-designed products, initiates a responsible pur-
chasing approach to buy more locally, and innovates
packaging. It invests continuously in solutions to
reduce the impact of its operations and develops
more energy-efficient products that actively contrib-
ute to building energy performance.

PEOPLE AND TALENTS

Today, growth is often slowed down by labor
shortages and the difficulty of recruiting talent. In
this context, responsible and attentive companies
have a head start in attracting and retaining young
talent searching for meaning and life balance. Somfy
strives to provide an attractive living environment
and maintains a corporate culture that offers its em-
ployees an enriching and inspiring experience. This
commitment is also societal through the associative
projects supported by Somfy Foundation. As our
environment is increasingly complex, Somfy favors
simplicity in its operational methods and empower-
ment in its decision-making processes. As a company
that fosters learning, Somfy is attentive to each
employee’s employability by creating development
programs within their corporate university: Somfy
Campus.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021 12


--- Page 7 ---

In 2021, Somfy carried out
a complete overhaul of its
risk catalog, which will
enable a more operational
analysis of the risks the
Group faces over all of the
company’s major
processes. In addition to
updating the Group’s
global risks, a review
focused on our response to
the Group’s internal CSR
challenges and those
identified by Somfy’s
stakeholders was carried
out. These issues are
grouped into Somfy’s three
pillars within their
Sustainable Development
policy: Planet, People,
Prosperity. The materiality
assessment used for this
financial year will be
reviewed in 2022. For more
information, see the
Non-financial statement
chapter of the Annual
Financial Report.

CUSTOMERS
AND CONSUMER TRENDS

As a result of the health crisis, the home has
become a refuge. In 2021, the trend was confirmed,
and homes are the preferred place of investment.
Today, homes are more comfortable, more ener-
gy-efficient, and more intelligent. Customers are
looking for products that are easy to install and use
and that are durable and communicating. Somfy
has a solid position to respond to those trends and
is also present throughout the value chain, from in-
stallation to repair. Excellence in customer relations
begins with installers as they are the brand’s ambas-
sadors, with more than 3,000 belonging to the Somfy
Experts network in Europe.

DIGITAL REVOLUTION

The restrictions linked to the health crisis have
boosted e-commerce growth. As for the connected
home, the arrival of additional home automation
solutions has given the market a substantial boost.
This market is characterized by the growing number
of players of varied sizes, the appearance of new
entrants, and the growing presence of GAFA. It is
also a more mature market, with the development of
open protocols—such as the new Matter connectivi-
ty standard in which Somfy is participating—opening
the way to interoperable products that are secure
in terms of cybersecurity. Digital technology also
means using product data to generalize predictive
maintenance.

O01 PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

They are everywhere in
our everyday objects and
are complex and expensive
to manufacture. 80%

of components are
manufactured in Asia.

The Covid-19 crisis may
have fanned the flames,
but the shortage is mainly
structural. It is the result
of increased production

of component-hungry
products, such as the
electric car. Faced with this
situation, Somfy is working
hard to secure its supplies.
The Group has also
mobilized its R&D to design
motors that incorporate
new generation
components.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 8 ---

Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP,

An ambition that

guarantees trust
and performance

The purpose of Ambition 2030 is to reinforce the Group’s current
performance and prepare for the future. This global vision focusing on trust
and performance reviews the fundamentals of the pioneering Group that
created the first motor for blinds and the first home automation box with the
introduction of radio technology. The vision is based on 4 levers: innovation
to invent Smart Living, customer centricity through usages, performance, and
team engagement.

With Ambition 2030, Somfy is refocusing its strategy. The Group is
refocusing on its core business, connected solutions for window and door auto-
mation. It aims to develop its value proposition for all usages and stakeholders,
from manufacturers and installers to end-users. Today, two fundamental trends
are forcing Somfy to reinvent who they are. The first is reducing the carbon
footprint of buildings reflected in regulations and changes in public opinion. The
second is digitalizing usages, opening up a new era in customer relations.

To make this 10-year vision a reality, Somfy is undergoing a profound
transformation in its operations, organization, operational methods, and
culture. The Group has adopted a new functions-based organization that
focuses on the customer and digital technology. It also launched a 3-year actions
plan built around 5 projects: robust infrastructure, sales team performance,
efficiency in R&D and a dynamic product range, team engagement, and financial
and economic performance.

The customer is at the heart of these transformation projects to make
Somfy the preferred partner for window and door automation for homes
and buildings. While it is essential to provide customers with useful, efficient,
and reliable products, it is equally essential to simplify their lives by integrating
Somfy’s offers into its ecosystem of connected objects and devising services
with high-added value. Guaranteeing this unique customer experience is the
promise made by Ambition 2030, which is also a cultural transformation.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021 4


--- Page 9 ---

DIGITALIZING
AND DEVELOPING
A ROBUST
INFRASTRUCTURE

A

Arobust infrastructure is necessary
to ensure Somfy’s industrial,
logistics, and digital performance.
This, in turn, will deliver excellent
service. Today, the Group
implements a new digital
infrastructure based on a shared
operational model supported by the
same ERP solution. This ERP was
successfully tested in Italy in 2021
and is the foundation of Somfy’s
digitalization. A robust infrastructure
also requires a resilient and efficient
multi-brand logistics network to
support business growth. Somfy also
wants to improve operational
performance and efficiency by
standardizing production processes
and manufacturing lines.

CUSTOMER CENTRICITY
AND SALES TEAM
PERFORMANCE

A

The crisis has demonstrated that customer
centricity starts with reinforced operational
fundamentals and the ability to innovate and
anticipate market needs. The keyword for Somfy’s
customer-centricity is digitalization, and the new
ERP infrastructure supports it. The key benefits
are efficient and lean processes, more accessible
access to information, and new customer services.
More than ever, employee engagement,
transparency, and agility in decision-making are
crucial when faced with an extraordinary situation.
Under these circumstances, reaching 15.7%
growth in sales in 2021 in spite of difficulties
encountered to deliver our customers on time

is truly remarkable.

>)
Gf

+10M

+ 38.4% connected

devices

O01 PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

OPTIMIZING
R&D EFFICIENCY

\v

With 17 R&D centers and more than
600 engineers, Somfy is pursuing its
strategy of globalizing its R&D in
order to improve the efficiency and
speed of new product development.
In 2021, the Group filed 40 patent
applications and commercialized 46
new products and services. This is
the case with the TaHoma suite,
which improves the performance and
business of installers with an offer
that is easier to sell, install, and
maintain. The Somfy air program, for
simple and safe daily ventilation, is
also continuing its development in
France with the IntelliTAG air io
opening sensor. Thanks to this offer
and TaHoma, windows are connected
as soon as they are manufactured.
Users can check whether their
windows are open or closed from
their smartphone, and they can
receive an alarm if there is an
attempted intrusion.

{9}
rit

+15.7%

Growth in sales for 2021
(on a like-for-like basis)

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 10 ---

Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP,

INVESTOR RELATIONS

BREAKDOWN OF CAPITAL IN %

J.P.J.S.

J.P.J.2

Manacor Dev Pte Ltd
Compagnie Financiére
Industrielle
Despature family

and others

Treasury shares
Public

CAPITAL

At 31 December 2021, Somfy SA capital amounted to €7,400,000,
divided into 37,000,000 shares with a nominal value of €0.20, fully
paid up and all in the same class.

The company has not issued any securities giving right to capital.
As authorised, the company owned 2,560,045 Somfy SA shares at
31 December 2021.

GROSS DIVIDEND

Per share, in €

31/12/20 1.35
31/12/2) 2.15

NET PROFIT

Per share, in €

31/12/20 6.19
31/12/27] i 7.49

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021

LISTING

Somfy SA has a Board of Directors and is listed on Euronext Paris in
compartment A (ISIN Code FRO013199916).

CONTRACT

On 20 June 2018, Somfy SA signed a liquidity contract with ODDO BHF.
2022 FINANCIAL CALENDAR

25 January Release of 2021 Full-Year Turnover

9 March Release of 2021 Full-Year results

30 March Presentation of 2021 Full-Year Results
14 April Release of 2021 Annual Financial Report
21 April Release of Quarterly Turnover (Q1 2022)
1June Annual General Meeting

21 July Release of 2022 Half-Year Turnover

7 September Release of 2022 Half-Year Financial Report
7 September Release of 2022 Half-Year Results and Conference Call

19 October Release of Turnover for the First Nine Months of FY 2022


--- Page 11 ---

ORGANISATION

O01 PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

GENERAL MANAGEMENT
Chief Executive Officer:
Pierre Ribeiro

Deputy Chief Executive Officer in charge of People,
Culture and Organization:
Valérie Dixmier

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Chairman:
Jean Guillaume Despature

Vice-Chairman:
Michel Rollier’

Directors:

Marie Bavarel-Despature
Paule Cellard*

Sophie Desormiére”
Florence Noblot”
Bertrand Parmentier’
Anthony Stahl

Arthur Watin-Augouard”™

Observers:
Grégoire Ferré
Vincent Léonard

AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE
Chairman:
Bertrand Parmentier’

Member:
Paule Cellard”

Observer:
Vincent Léonard

APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Chairman:
Michel Rollier’

Members:
Paule Cellard”
Jean Guillaume Despature

* — Independent member.
** Member representing employees.

STRATEGY COMMITTEE
Chairman:
Jean Guillaume Despature

Members:

Sophie Desormiére”
Bertrand Parmentier’
Anthony Stahl

Observer:
Grégoire Ferré

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE
Chair:
Florence Noblot”

Members:
Marie Bavarel-Despature
Jean Guillaume Despature

STATUTORY AUDITORS
ERNST & YOUNG et Autres
KPMG SA

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
Pierre Ribeiro

Chief Executive Officer

Telephone: (33) 4 50 40 48 49
E-mail: pierre.ribeiro@somfy.com
www.somfyfinance.com

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 12 ---

Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP,

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021

18


--- Page 13 ---

O2

MANAGEMENT REPORT

20
21
23
23
23
24
30
30

32
34
36

Highlights of the year

Presentation of financial statements

Stock market performance

Post-balance sheet events

Outlook

Risk management and internal control

Non-financial statement

Information on research and development activities

List of existing branches

Value of intercompany loans granted

Information on payment terms

Information on the distribution of share capital and holdings
Information on transactions performed by Directors during the financial year

Report of the Board of Directors to the Combined General Meeting
of 1 June 2022

Appendix: Somfy SA financial results for the last five years

19 SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 14 ---

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

O2

MANAGEMENT REPORT

TO THE COMBINED GENERAL

MEETING OF 1JUNE 2022

Ladies and Gentlemen,

In accordance with legal and regulatory provisions, the Board of Directors has convened you here in order to inform you on the
management of your company and its subsidiaries and to submit for your approval the financial statements for the year ended

31 December 2021.

Founded in 1969 in France, and now operating in 59 countries, Somfy is the world leader in window and door automation for homes and
buildings. Pioneer in the connected home, the Group is constantly innovating to guarantee its users comfort, well-being, and security in the
home and is fully committed to promoting Sustainable Development. For more than 50 years, Somfy has been using automation to improve
living environments and has been committed to creating reliable and sustainable solutions that promote better living and well-being for all.

HIGHLIGHTS OF THE YEAR

PRESSURE ON PROCUREMENT

Covid-19 is still present internationally, but Somfy has modified its
organisation in order to deal with it and ensure continuity of
service for its customers. The very strong upturn in demand has
led to both cyclical pressures on the electronic components and
raw materials markets and supply disruptions. These disruptions
have had a limited impact on the financial year’s results, which
have been driven by very strong sales.

CHANGE OF GOVERNANCE

At the Combined General Meeting of 2 June 2021, the company
changed its corporate governance structure by adopting the form
of a limited company with a Board of Directors. In addition, on
2 June 2021 the Board of Directors decided to separate the roles of
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and made the following
appointments:
— Jean Guillaume Despature, Chairman of the Board of Directors;
— Pierre Ribeiro, Chief Executive Officer;
— Valérie Dixmier, Deputy Chief Executive Officer in charge of
People, Culture and Organization.
At the same Board meeting, Michel Rollier was appointed
Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors, and four specialist
Committees were established: Audit and Risk Committee,
Appointment and Remuneration Committee, Sustainable
Development Committee and Strategy Committee.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021

20

ACQUISITION OF REPAR’STORES

The acquisition by Somfy of a majority stake of 60% in the share
capital of Répar’stores, a specialist in repair and upgrade services
for roller shutters in France, took effect at the start of
January 2021 following the lifting of the usual conditions
precedent. Répar’stores has since been fully consolidated in
Somfy’s financial statements. The agreement is accompanied by
additional options allowing for the acquisition of Répar’stores’
remaining shares at the end of 2026.

The acquisition of Répar’stores is in line with the ten-year strategic
plan Ambition 2030 — to consolidate its status as the preferred
partner in window and door automation for homes and buildings,
while simultaneously securing the necessary resources to capture
new market opportunities in the services category and reinforce its
commitment to end-users. Beyond the operational synergies
brought about by this alliance, this combination allows Somfy to
strengthen its commitment to Sustainable Development by
investing in the ability to repair roller shutters and in their
sustainability.

Roller shutter repairs and upgrades is a niche segment with high
growth potential due to the size of the installed base (more than
65 million roller shutters estimated in France, almost half of which
are not motorised) and its continued growth (driven by both
renovation and new builds). To serve this fast-growing market,
Répar’stores will be able to leverage Somfy’s strong global
presence and its network of European subsidiaries.

The purchase price was €34.7 million for 60% of the share capital.
The financial impacts of the transaction are detailed in note 2.3 to
the consolidated financial statements.

Over the 2021 financial year, Répar’stores employed 138 people,
had 209 franchisees and contributed €33.8 million in sales and
€3.0 million to current operating result.


--- Page 15 ---

CHANGES TO THE CONSOLIDATION SCOPE

Apart from the transaction discussed above, there were no
material changes to the consolidation scope during the 2021
financial year.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

In a decision dated 23 June 2021, the highest Court of Appeal, the
Cour de Cassation, dismissed the appeal by staff of the company
Spirel in their dispute against Somfy SA, thereby concluding the
case brought by the employees before the regional court of
Albertville, the Tribunal de Grande Instance. The ruling issued by
the Chambéry Court of Appeal on 21 May 2019 is therefore final. It
should be noted that the Court of Appeal dismissed the claims of
the employees relating to the alleged deliberate bankruptcy of
Spirel and the non-material damage caused as a result of anxiety,
disappointment and vexation, and their claims for compensation
totalling €8.2 million, as well as the requirement for Somfy SA to
repay the advance payments made by the Association that
underwrites salary debts (AGS - Association de Garantie des
Créances Salariales) up to a maximum of €2.9 million sought by the
liquidator of Spirel.

The proceedings before the Labour Court of Albertville, dismissed
in 2016 and 2018 and involving the employees contesting the
grounds for their redundancy and claiming damages of an amount
substantially similar to the amount claimed in the proceedings
before the regional court are still ongoing.

The Group continues to qualify the risk as a contingent liability and
no provision was recognised at 31 December 2021.

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

In a ruling of 17 December 2021, the Paris Commercial Court

dismissed all claims brought by Alder Holdings SAS (formerly

United Technologies Holdings SAS) in its case against Somfy SA

concerning the disposal of CIAT shares in 2015. Alder Holdings was

also ordered to pay the sellers €100,000 in damages and €300,000
in unrecoverable costs under Article 700 of the Code of Civil

Procedure.

For reference, Alder Holdings was claiming a total of €18.4 million

from the sellers of the CIAT shares (of which Somfy’s portion

would have been €8.5 million) under the liability guarantee, in
connection with complaints fully contested by the sellers, and also
remained liable for deferred payments.

The Court ordered the provisional enforcement of its judgement,

such that:

— Alder Holdings should pay the outstanding amounts owed in
respect of deferred payments. In February 2021, a judge hearing
applications for interim measures had already ordered Alder
Holdings to pay a €6.6 million provision (including €2.9 million
for Somfy, received in April 2021);

— funds held by the conventional sequestrator in the amount of
€10 million should be paid to the sellers in settlement of the
balance of the purchase price;

— the total amount remaining to be received by Somfy SA is
€6.8 million.

Alder Holdings appealed the ruling on 26 January 2022. The

proceeding is thus still ongoing. However, on the strength of this

favourable ruling, Somfy SA remains confident as to the outcome
of this litigation. It has qualified the risk as a contingent liability
and no provision was recognised at 31 December 2021. Similarly,
no writedown of receivables in respect of the deferred payment
was recognised at 31 December 2021.

PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

PARENT COMPANY DATA

Over the year ended 31 December 2021, Somfy SA generated sales
of €4.6 million. Net financial income amounted to €192.1 million,
including €189.3 million in dividends paid by the subsidiaries in
respect of their net profit for the year to 31 December 2020.

Net profit was €184.5 million, after inclusion of a tax income of
€2.2 million.

CONSOLIDATED DATA

SALES

Group sales were €1,48 billion for the 2021 financial year, an
increase of 17.6% compared with the previous financial year (up
15.7% on a like-for-like basis). They included significant growth of
40.8% over the first half-year, and a decline of 5.0% over the
second on a like-for-like basis, taking into account atypical
comparison bases in 2020. Group sales recorded growth of 23.1%

21

in real terms in comparison with the 2019 financial year -
unaffected by the pandemic - reflecting the buoyant market.

All regions ended the 2021 financial year recording double-digit
growth, except for Central Europe, which was_ particularly
impacted by the component crisis, but which nevertheless proved
resilient (up 0.7% on a like-for like basis).

Impressive performances were recorded in North America, a key
region for the development of the Group, and in France, as well as
in Latin America, Southern Europe and Africa & the Middle East.
Over the financial year, the currency effect was negligible and the
scope effect was €33.8 million, representing the contribution of
Répar’stores, consolidated since 1 January 2021.

Sales of the equity-accounted Chinese subsidiary Dooya totalled
€275.6 million over the financial year, an increase of 37.1% (up
33.0% on a like-for-like basis, including growth of 43.9% over the
first half-year and 25.4% over the second). Sales were driven by
both China (up 30.3% on a like-for-like basis) and the rest of the
world (up 35.0% on a like-for-like basis).

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 16 ---

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

SALES BY CUSTOMER LOCATION

31/12/21 31/12/20 Change N/N-1 Change N/N-1 on
€ thousands a like-for-like basis
Central Europe 262,511 261,044 0.6% 0.7%
of which Germany 211,568 212,185 -0.3% -0.3%
Northern Europe 168,400 146,613 14.9% 13.4%
North America 132,981 107,127 24.1% 27.7%
Latin America 24,427 19,286 26.7% 35.9%
NORTH & WEST 588,319 534,069 10.2% 10.9%
France 431,883 347,444 24.3% 14.6%
Southern Europe 148,931 119,880 24.2% 23.9%
Africa & the Middle East 79,021 60,604 30.4% 40.1%
Eastern Europe 152,295 127,187 19.7% 21.1%
Asia-Pacific 77,385 67,943 13.9% 13.4%
SOUTH & EAST 889,514 723,059 23.0% 19.3%
TOTAL SALES 1,477,834 1,257,128 17.6% 15.7%

RESULTS The return on capital employed (ROCE) stood at 31.4%, compared

Current operating result totalled €301.1 million for the financial
year, an increase of 15.5%, and represented 20.4% of sales,
maintaining the exceptional level of current operating margin of
the previous financial year (20.7% in 2020).

This was driven in particular by the Group’s strong growth and by
the continuation of certain non-recurring cost savings, the health
situation once again restricting the holding of business events and
limiting travel. Results for the financial year were conversely
negatively impacted by the significant rise in transportation and
raw material costs.

The impact of non-recurring items and net financial expense was
not material. Corporation tax increased automatically given the
level of profits. Share of net profit from associates and joint
ventures was €17.0 million, an improvement thanks to Dooya’s
good results.

Consolidated net profit totalled €259.4 million, an increase of
21.8%.

SEGMENT REPORTING AT 31 DECEMBER 2021

with 29.6% the previous year, testament to these strong results.
FINANCIAL POSITION

Shareholders’ equity grew from €1,171.0 to €1,371.2 million over
the financial year, and the net financial surplus increased from
€517.7 million to €641.7 million.

The sound financial structure was maintained, thanks in particular
to the high level of cash flow which covered the main
requirements.

ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES

The change N/N-1 on a like-for-like basis, current operating
margin, ROCE and net financial debt are Alternative Performance
Measures (APMs), definitions and calculation details of which are
included in note 4.3 of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

North & West South & East | Intra-regional Consolidated
€ thousands eliminations
Segment sales 577,938 1,224,707 -324,811 1,477,834
Intra-segment sales -2,658 -322,153 324,811 -
Segment sales - Contribution to sales 575,280 902,554 - 1,477,834
Segment current operating result 79,491 221,566 - 301,056
Share of net profit/(loss) from associates - 17,027 - 17,027
Cash flow 51,254 261,854 - 313,108
Net investments in intangible assets & PPE (including IFRS 16) 7,621 62,370 - 69,991
Goodwill 2,775 116,260 - 119,035
Net intangible assets and PPE 37,857 325,568 - 363,425
Investments in associates and joint ventures - 172,998 - 172,998

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021

22


--- Page 17 ---

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

STOCK MARKET PERFORMANCE

During the 2021 financial year, the Somfy SA share price increased by 27.1%. At 31 December 2020, the last trading day before the close of
the previous financial year, the share price was €138.60, compared with €176.20 at 31 December 2021. Over the same period the CAC 40
and CAC All-Tradable indices increased by 28.9% and 26.1% respectively.

Based on this last share price and taking account of a gross dividend per share of €2.15, the Somfy SA share yielded 1.2%.

The market for the share recorded a monthly trading volume high of 430,164 and low of 111,158, with a monthly average of
182,909 shares, compared with 104,670 shares the previous year.

POST-BALANCE SHEET EVENTS

AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE THE ITALIAN GROUP TELECO AUTOMATION

Somfy announced the signing on 24 February 2022 of an agreement for the acquisition of a 75% stake in the share capital of Italian group
Teleco Automation, a specialist in automation, control and lighting systems for indoor and outdoor residential equipment. This acquisition
will enable Somfy to benefit from the Italian group’s expertise and innovation capacity in the automation of solar protection equipment for
terraces, particularly pergolas and awnings, in order to accelerate the development of its core business and support the digitalisation of
outdoor living equipment.

Founded in 1996 and operating in more than 40 countries, Teleco Automation, which has 180 employees, reported dynamic growth in
2021, generating sales of more than €40 million.

The acquisition is expected to close during the second quarter of 2022, subject notably to the waiving of usual conditions precedent. Somfy
will finance the acquisition using existing cash resources.

The agreement comes with put and call options relating to the balance of Teleco Automation’s share capital exercisable in early 2025.

RUSSIAN-UKRAINIAN CRISIS

Somfy is closely monitoring developments in the crisis between Russia and Ukraine. It is working to protect its employees and safeguard its
assets in these countries, which together account for less than 1% of Group sales. To date, it is difficult to measure the consequences of this
crisis in 2022 on economic activity in general and on the Group in particular.

OUTLOOK

The 2021 financial year confirmed the momentum of the home market and the continuation of the strong trend in favour of the
digitalisation of homes and buildings, both indoor and outdoor. The context of ongoing shortages, once again limiting visibility for the
coming year, has led the Group to exercise caution. Nevertheless, Somfy forecasts continuing growth in sales over the 2022 financial year.
In addition, the Group is significantly ramping up its investments to strengthen its production capabilities in order to support its growth,
continue its innovation efforts, adapt its logistics, and accelerate its digitalisation.

It is also monitoring acquisition opportunities on its core markets or in relation to complementary activities such as digital and services, in
the key regions of Europe and the United States, as can be seen by the recent signing of an agreement to acquire Teleco Automation, an
Italian group, leader in automation systems for bioclimatic pergolas.

By making customers ever more central to its strategy, during this new financial year, the Group will continue all the measures introduced
to prevent the impact of shortages, best respond to market demand and support its growth.

23 SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 18 ---

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

PRESENTATION OF THE RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM

GOVERNANCE AND LEADING PLAYERS

The Group’s internal control and risk management system covers all the controlled companies that fall within the Group’s consolidation
scope, apart from equity-accounted companies, notably Dooya, which has its own system, in which the Group is involved in particular
through the creation of a dedicated Audit Committee, presence on the Dooya Board and support in line with needs.

At Group level, the system has been developed around the three lines of defence model, ensuring the effective division of roles and

responsibilities.

BOARD OF DIRE

Operational Management

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE/GENERAL MANAGEMENT AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE

Internal

Internal Audit

Risk Management
& Compliance

External
audit

Risk and control
management activities
carried out by employees
(day-to-day controls)

Risk and control management
activities carried out by the
company’s support functions

Assessment of the
degree of operational
control

GROSS RISK

The first line of defence, operational units

NET RISK

The second line of defence, Functional Departments

The Group’s operational units have been made aware of the need
for compliance with rules and procedures in order to establish an
effective first line of control.

Each Group entity must implement appropriate control activities at
operational level in relation to the processes that concern it, by
applying the rules and guidelines developed at Group level.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021

Functional Departments represent an essential link in the second
line of control. Each of these Departments sets out the procedures
to be applied and offers their support to the Group’s entities in
relation to the implementation of action plans aimed at reducing
the risks identified.

The second line of control also includes the Risk Management &
Compliance and Internal Control functions, specifically responsible
for leading an overall Group approach in order to ensure all risks
are properly identified and addressed.


--- Page 19 ---

The third line of defence, Internal Audit Department

The Internal Audit Department oversees the overall monitoring of
the quality of risk management, the relevance and effectiveness of
the monitoring system as well as compliance with rules and codes
of conduct. It is responsible for assessing how well the internal
control system works and for proposing recommendations for
improvement if needed.

Internal audits of the Group are conducted under the supervision
of the Internal Audit Manager who relies on a team made up of
two auditors, with an average of 20 assignments per year.
Following each assignment, and based on the recommendations
issued by the auditors, action plans are prepared by the entities
concerned to correct the shortcomings highlighted by the audit
reports.

A summary of these recommendations is presented to General
Management and the Audit and Risk Committee every quarter.

GRC (Governance, Risk and Compliance) solution

In order to perform their coordination and management role, the

Internal Control, Risk and Compliance, and Internal Audit

Departments all have a shared GRC solution, which specifically

allows them to:

— initiate a self-assessment campaign for subsidiaries each year,
based on a framework of key controls;

— monitor all the assignments of Internal Audit, as well as the
related recommendations and the corresponding action plans;

— assess the Group’s risks at several levels in the organisation,
consolidate the results at Group level and link them with action
plans.

In 2021, this system was also used to collect from the Group

entities concerned, the indicators mentioned in the non-financial

statement.

In addition, a digital solution for accounting controls was

purchased in 2021, and was tested in a pilot subsidiary. It will be

rolled out across other entities in 2022 and subsequent years, in
line with a roadmap defined in accordance with the
implementation of the Group’s new ERP and internal audit plan.

The use of all these resources is closely monitored by the Audit

and Risk Committee, which is regularly informed of the progress

achieved and the results obtained.

RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group’s risk management includes all the resources, processes

and initiatives that aim to identify, assess and control the Group’s

risks in reference to its strategic objectives.

Group Management firmly believes that risk management and

control contributes to:

— creating and preserving the value, assets and reputation of the
Group;

— securing the Group’s decision-making and processes to facilitate
the achievement of targets;

— encouraging actions that are consistent with the Group’s values;

— raising employee awareness and bringing them together around
a shared vision concerning the risks inherent in their activity.

A Group risk framework has been established to be able to

formally set out and consolidate the assessments of each scope

and function. In 2021, this framework was reviewed in order to

further integrate the management’s approach via processes and

risk management, as well as the related controls, as part of an

ongoing improvement drive.

25

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

The assessment stage involves examining the potential
consequences of the main risks identified (consequences that may
in particular be financial, human, legal or reputational) and to
assess their likelihood of occurring.

The Group has adopted standard methodology for assessing risks
enabling the assessment of inherent (gross) risks and residual (net)
risks based on a standard and consistent rating allowing the
impacts, likelihood of occurrence and level of control to be graded.
These assessments mean that the Group’s risks can be mapped
and updated every year by the Risk and Compliance Department.
This mapping is ratified by the Executive Committee which
undertakes to monitor the main risks identified. An owner is
appointed for each priority risk and is responsible for proposing
action plans for the handling of that risk. Monitoring these risks is
incorporated into the monthly review cycles of the Executive
Committee.

Mapping also helps with the development of the annual audit plan,
as the audit team is responsible for challenging the assessment of
certain risks and for proposing recommendations to reduce them.

INTERNAL CONTROL

Definition and objectives

The internal control system is implemented to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the achievement of objectives by contributing
to the effectiveness and efficiency of operations, to the reliability
of the financial reports and to compliance with applicable laws and
regulations.

The Group’s
framework.

internal control system draws on the COSO

Controls and assessments

A framework of key controls has been defined for each of the
business’s major processes and is used during an annual
self-assessment process by each entity Manager.

An annual review of this framework is conducted in order to
update it, facilitate its understanding by all subsidiaries and tailor it
to the level of internal control maturity acquired. Each of these
controls addresses one or more risks in the Group’s inventory of
risks.

Certain controls are related to processes that are also updated if
necessary.

Internal control monitoring

The Internal Control Department notably conducts two types of

monitoring:

— an analysis of the results of the self-assessment campaign for
internal controls for Year N and a comparison with Year N-1;

— a quarterly dashboard monitoring the action plans for each of
the Group’s major functions, enabling their progress to be
measured.

These documents are notably sent to the Business Area Managers

and the Heads of Processes for observation of development,

deviations and implementation deadlines.

Certain improvements are directly addressed by entities at a local

level, while others are looked into centrally by the Internal Control

Department and/or in collaboration with other cross-Group

functions.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 20 ---

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

A GRC Committee meets every two months to discuss the risks
identified and the audit assignments carried out, analyse incidents,
identify deviations and suggest adjustments to the overall system.

INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM RELATING TO THE PROCESS FOR
PREPARING ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Control measures relating to the process for preparing accounting
and financial information are detailed below in response to the
objective of reliability in financial reporting.

Preparation of financial statements

The Group has defined a unique and common framework for the
recording of accounting and financial information. It resulted in the
definition and implementation within all subsidiaries of a Group
chart of accounts, as well as the definition and implementation of
the main management procedures (inventories, non-current
assets, trade receivables, etc.), which are formalised in the Group
Procedure Manual relayed through and updated on the Group’s
intranet.

The Group’s various ERPs thus include standard configuration
concerning in particular the accounting plan and analytical
monitoring, enabling the application of Group processes.
Furthermore, the proper application of the chart of accounts and
the procedures, and the reporting reliability are monitored by
visits to subsidiaries, planned within the context of year-end and
half-year closing. This control was carried out remotely in 2020 and
2021.

Other controls take place during the budget preparation and
monthly reporting processes.

Particular care is taken with risk analysis, through a review of asset
provisions and provisions for liabilities and charges, as well as
off-balance sheet commitments.

Financial statements control

The Consolidation Department, after verifying the completeness of
financial information, the proper application of closing procedures
and restatements, performing the intragroup account
reconciliations and verifying the net equity justification, performs
financial statement consolidation using dedicated software.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021

26

The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance
with IFRS. In addition, accounting options selected are presented
to and approved by the Audit and Risk Committee.

Financial communication

Following their approval by the Management Board and their
review by the Supervisory Board, the half-year and full-year
financial statements are presented to the financial community
under the auspices of the SFAF (French financial analyst society)
and published in a report posted on the financial issuer’s website
(www.somfyfinance.com) as well as via a primary information
provider (www.info-financiere.fr). As of 2 June 2021, approval of
the financial statements now falls under the remit of the Board of
Directors in virtue of the change in the company’s governance
structure by adopting the Board of Directors form.

The other regulated information referred to in Article 221-1 of the
AMF’s general regulations is also available on both these sites.
Relevant information relating to the company’s business activities
is presented to the Audit and Risk Committee.

Treasury management

The Group Treasury Department reports to the Group’s Head of
Accounting, Consolidation and Treasury.

A Treasury Committee meeting is held each month with the Chief
Financial Officer. The role of this Committee is twofold:

strategic: to define the overall policy in terms of Group Cash
Management, financing, and interest rate, exchange rate and
investment risk management. They also include the follow-up of
Group subsidiaries’ equity balance sheet items;

operational: to guarantee the regular monitoring of Group Cash
Management’s actions. These are detailed in a monthly
dashboard.

A Group Treasury Charter defines best practices and list in a single
document the guidelines that ensure the secure, economical and
efficient management of financing and deposit operations, and
more generally of cash management and bank relations within the
Group.

In 2021, an e-learning module based on the Group Treasury
Charter and raising financial community awareness of the risks of
fraud has been rolled out and followed by 98% of the financial
population. The e-learning module is available in the training
catalogue for new employees.


--- Page 21 ---

RISK FACTORS

MAIN RISKS.

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

The selection of the main risks presented in this section was made based on a review of the Group’s risk mapping, updated in July 2021.

Only risks specific to the Group likely to significantly affect its activity, image or financial position are included. These are the risks with a
significant net impact or that are specific to Somfy. The net impact takes into account the gross impact and the risk mitigation measures
adopted by the Group.
The table below groups these risks by category. A pictogram highlights the risks in relation to which a CSR component has been identified.

Category Risk Description CSR Trend
component

Offer Strategy for Existing | Non-optimal management of product lines and

Offer the portfolio throughout the life cycle would create S 7
inefficiency and additional costs.

Obsolescence The components of certain products could become

of Components more vulnerable and obsolete due to developments —
in technology, change in suppliers, environmental
restrictions or safety requirements.

Quality of Products Defects related to the quality of products and services

& Services would threaten the company’s ability to satisfy its S \
customers and increase its market share, and in general
terms would have a negative impact on its operations.

Social/Political Risk Social, political and geopolitical action would threaten
Somfy’s resources by preventing commercial activities S
and transactions from progressing normally.

Catastrophic & Unforeseen | The lack of a ready crisis management system including

Event solutions and trained crisis coordinators within the S \
Group would prevent Somfy from reacting appropriately
and sufficiently rapidly to limit the impact of the event
should it occur.

. Production & Logistic The lack of any production and logistics process
Operational Non Quality monitoring could cause quality problems or logistics

errors leading to failure to deliver.

Production Capacity Risk

Insufficient production capacity may lead to an inability
to satisfy customer needs and demands; in addition,

an underused resource capacity would lead to higher
investment costs and lower margins.

Supply Availability/Critical
Vendor Risk

Limited availability or problems with a critical supplier
would threaten Somfy’s ability to provide a high-quality
service at competitive prices.

Global Shortage of Raw
Materials/Components

Certain raw materials, components and equipment that
Somfy needs in order to manufacture its products can
be out of stock due to market pressures (electronic
components, plastic, etc.) and low transportation
capacity (shipping containers) and could lead to

a slowdown or stoppage in production.

NP Np ONIN

Cyber Attack Risk
& Unavailability of
Information Systems

The ineffectiveness of technical and physical IT defences
would threaten the ongoing integrity, availability and
confidentiality of systems or data. A lack of business
recovery plan following downtime of the organisation’s
critical information systems would lead to a prolonged
outage of information services.

|

27

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 22 ---

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

Category Risk Description CSR Trend
component
So! One Project The implementation of SAP across all of Somfy’s entities
is a major project for the Group over several years, 7
structuring new processes and new solutions for
day-to-day operations and commercial decisions.
Operational Talent and Competencies _| Poor management of Somfy’s training, knowledge, skills,
Risk career opportunities or key staff would threaten Ss —
the achievement of the company’s objectives.
Fraud Risk (internal Internal or external fraud would damage Somfy’s
& external) reputation and expose it to financial losses. y —
Brand Equity Lack of strength or recognition of the Somfy brand
would prevent affirmative discrimination in relation —
; to the competition.
Business
New Incomers/New Alternative solutions or new business models would
Business Models threaten the company’s competitive position. _
Non compliance with social | Non-compliance with social obligations would expose
laws and regulations Somfy to sanctions, fines and penalties. y —
including safety
and security
Non compliance with Non-compliance with applicable standards and
products local standards regulations concerning products and services would y —
& regulations expose Somfy to sanctions, fines and penalties and
would threaten its reputation, commercial opportunities
and expansion potential.
Legal Data breach/GDPR Flaws in Somfy systems could lead to inappropriate
non compliance access to data or systems (loss or theft of critical S —_—
information). This risk also includes potential
non-compliance with local regulations concerning
the protection of personal data.
Non compliance with laws | Non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations so
—

and regulations related
to business and market
practices

concerning the way in which business is conducted
would expose Somfy to sanctions, fines and penalties
and would threaten its reputation, commercial
opportunities and expansion potential.

The Risk and Compliance Department leads the process for updating the Group’s risk mapping.

Some of the areas identified in 2021 emerged more strongly as a result of the economic environment — they include the issue of Supply

Chain as a whole, due to the component crisis, and the sustained growth that is simultaneously generating very strong demand.

In addition, the Group has begun a phase of overhauling its IT infrastructure, with in particular the roll-out of a new ERP (SAP - So! One
project) which has led to an increase in its assessment of risks based on digitalisation and IT systems in general. Lastly, there has been a
significant change of course in the management of its product portfolio, as part of the offer strategy defined to achieve the Ambition 2030

targets.

Roadmaps and consolidated monitoring of action plans related to issues identified as priority are implemented and monitored as part of the
Executive Committee’s management cycles. Group Management firmly believes that the management and control of risks and the ongoing

improvement of processes have contributed to the Group’s performance and to the fulfilment of its strategy.

In 2022, a new inventory of risks, defined at a more granular level, based on the analysis of the main organisational processes, will be used

to update the Group’s risk mapping.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021

28


--- Page 23 ---

OTHER NON-MATERIAL RISKS

These “non-material” risks are found at a controlled level or are
not necessarily specific to the Group.

Financial risks

A description of the financial risks (Foreign exchange risk, Interest
rate risk, Liquidity risk, Credit risk, Raw material risk, Customer
credit risk) and the policies applied to mitigate their occurrence
are covered by a detailed presentation in notes 4.5 and 7.3 of the
Consolidated financial statements chapter.

Equity risk

The Group is exposed to equity risk on treasury shares. Given the
share price, it was not necessary to record a provision for
writedown at 31 December 2021.

Legal risks

The Group’s operations are not subject to specific regulations. Its
activities do not require specific legal or regulatory authorisation.
The Group is involved in a number of disputes in respect of its
business. These should not have any significant negative impact on
the Group’s financial position. To the Group’s knowledge, there
were no exceptional events or litigation likely to have a significant
negative impact on the Group’s or its subsidiaries’ operations,
assets or results, other than those mentioned in the highlights.

Country risk

The country risk is analysed from two perspectives. The first
relates to the distribution activities most of which takes place in
safe regions such as Europe and the United States, as opposed to
regions that are the most exposed to economic, geopolitical and
monetary uncertainties like China, Latin America and the Middle
East which represent less than 10% of the Group’s sales. Russia
and Ukraine, regions currently exposed to an_ increased
geopolitical risk, represent less than 1% of the Group’s sales. The
second perspective relates to the production and procurement
activities which are more exposed than the distribution activities,
since Somfy has production sites in Tunisia and China, and a large
proportion of its suppliers of components have close connections
with Asia, and more specifically China. In relation to this second
perspective, given the level of risk, business continuity plans have
been developed in order to reduce and control this risk.

29

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

Non-financial risks

Certain CSR challenges are found in the Group’s main risks (CSR
pictogram). However, all the non-financial and financial risks
related to climate change are detailed on pages 49 and 50 as part
of the non-financial statement. The approach used for the
mapping of Group risks provides for the assessment of risks
according to their impact and their likelihood of occurrence taking
into account the control measures already in place. This is a net
risk measurement-based approach.

The approach is different when it concerns Corporate Social
Responsibility — the Group has decided to present the main
challenges in accordance with an assessment of the gross risks. For
that reason, the risks inherent in CSR are not detailed per se in this
chapter on risk factors.

INSURANCE AND RISK COVERAGE

As part of the risk management process, the Group has put in
place a policy based on prevention and the protection of sites and
people in order to limit the likelihood of occurrence of potential
accidents.

The Group covers the main risks with the following insurance

policies:

— “property damage”, covering buildings and their contents in all
locations (equipment, goods, IT equipment) as well as resulting
monetary and operational losses. The events insured are, as a
minimum, fire, explosions, lightning, smoke, emissions, steam,
impacts from airborne objects, vehicle collisions, electrical risks,
storms, hurricanes, cyclones, snow, hail, water damage, frost,
machine breakage, computer risks, malicious acts, acts of
vandalism, rioting, popular movements, IT equipment theft, and
natural disasters, except where local circumstances make this
impossible;

— “general civil liability relating to the monetary consequences of
an insured entity’s liability following physical injury, property
damage or moral prejudice caused to a third party during or in
relation to its operations”;

— “corporate officers’ civil liability”;

— “transported goods”.

In addition, Group credit insurance contracts, both in France and

internationally, mitigate the consequences of customer default.

Approximately 90% of sales are covered by such contracts.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 24 ---

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

NON-FINANCIAL STATEMENT

(ARTICLE L. 22-10-36 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

The non-financial statement is presented in chapter 3 of this Annual financial report for ease of reading. It forms an integral part of the

management report.

INFORMATION ON RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES
(ARTICLES L. 232-1 AND L. 233-26 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

In 2021, the Research and Development activities were generally
carried out in line with the established roadmap. To deal with the
component supply crisis, Somfy increased its investments in R&D
by strengthening its teams to maintain the development of the
range, and by adapting existing products to ensure continuity of
sales.

At the end of the 2021 financial year, Somfy had 17 R&D centers
and more than 600 engineers (more than 420 in France, 22% of
whom were women).

Somfy pursued its R&D globalisation strategy with the aim of
improving efficiency and speed of the development of new ranges.
In 2021, the Group filed 40 patent applications with the patent
office INPI (Institut National de la Propriété Industrielle) which had
published 27 of them in 2020. At the end of 2021, Somfy had a
portfolio of 2,281 registered patents.

Thanks to the continuing roll-out of eco-design, 61.5% of Somfy
products sold worldwide in 2021 were Act for Green certified. Act
for Green certification is one of the levers of the Group’s
environmental programme aimed at reducing its carbon footprint.

46 new products and services commercialised by the Group in

2021

Despite an environment disrupted by the health crisis and a

shortage of components, Somfy has continued to develop and

launch new products. The 2021 financial year saw the following
major innovations come to market:

— ten years after the launch of the first TaHoma box, in May 2021
Somfy unveiled a completely redesigned innovative range to
increase installer performance and business thanks to Somfy
connected devices, the TaHoma suite. This range is made up of a
new box, the TaHoma switch, the new TaHoma application as
well as two services aimed exclusively at installers: TaHoma pro,
for the quick and easy set-up of Somfy connected devices and
installations, and Serv-e-Go, which allows for its remote
maintenance. With this range, Somfy is seeking to make the
advantages of connectivity even more accessible to consumers
thanks to three key benefits for the installer: easy to sell, install
and maintain;

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021

30

— after the launch in 2020 of the Sliding air io window motor, the
Somfy air programme, aimed at simple and safe daily
ventilation, continued its development in France with the
IntelliTAG air io. This anti-intrusion sensor integrated into the
window was officially presented at the EquipBaie trade show in
September 2021, by several of Somfy’s manufacturer/joiner
clients. Thanks to this range and to TaHoma, the window
becomes connected upon manufacture, thus allowing users to
check whether their windows are open or closed from their
smartphone, and to receive an alarm in the event of an
attempted intrusion. The entire solution is totally unobtrusive as
the sensor is completely invisible when the window is closed;

on the fast-growing interior design market, Somfy has stepped
up its efforts to add to its ranges and improve the benefits for
the user (silent operation, data feedback thanks to the Zigbee
two-way radio protocol, voice control). Within a highly
pressurised global supply environment, Somfy has also made
every effort to be able to deliver to its customers and ensure
they receive a good quality service. The Group has in particular
strengthened its redesign activities for its existing ranges so as
to diversify its sources of component procurement;

in 2021, alongside Apple, Google and Amazon, as well as
Schneider Electric and Signify (PhilipsHue), Somfy continued to
contribute as a sponsor to the Matter project (previously
Connected Home over IP) which aims to standardise the
language of connected objects. The first Matter certified
products will be commercialised during 2022. Around the world,
250 companies have joined forces to help develop this protocol
which has become a new connectivity standard, integrated
natively into smartphones and virtual assistants, providing
increased compatibility between the various products in the
smart home. With Matter, the consumer experience is
enhanced and simplified. Matter should lead to the emergence
of a new generation of devices that will make up a locally
interconnected system with an even greater perceived value for
all occupants of the home.


--- Page 25 ---

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

LIST OF EXISTING BRANCHES
(ARTICLE L. 232-1 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

Somfy had no such branches at 31 December 2021.

VALUE OF INTERCOMPANY LOANS GRANTED
(ARTICLE L. 511-6 3 BIS OF THE MONETARY AND FINANCIAL CODE)

Somfy SA had not granted any intercompany loans at 31 December 2021.

INFORMATION ON PAYMENT TERMS
(ARTICLE L. 441-6-1 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

Trade receivables specific to Somfy SA’s activity represent payment terms generally less than 45 days from the end of the month.

Article D. 441 |.-1: Invoices received, Article D. 441 |.-2: Invoices issued,
unpaid and overdue at year-end unpaid and overdue at year-end

Oday 1to 31to 61 to | 91 days Total Oday 1to 31to 61 to | 91 days Total

(for infor- | 30 days | 60 days | 90 days or| (1 day] (for infor-| 30days 60 days | 90 days or| (1day

mation more or mation more or

only) more) only) more)

(A) Late payment ranges

Number

of invoices 28 - - - - : 24 - 3
concerned
Total value

of invoices | 4 413.621 - - - - -| 890,326 | 25,256 - - -| 25,256
concerned
exc. VAT
Percentage of
total value

of purchases! 15.99%] 0.00%] 0.00%] 0.00%] 0.00%] 0.00%

exc. VAT over
the financial
year

Percentage of
revenue exc.
VAT over the
financial year

19.39%] 0.55% 0.00%] 0.00%) 0.00%) 0.55%

(B) Invoices excluded from (A) relating to contested or unrecorded trade payables and receivables

Number
of invoices - - - - - - - - - - . .
excluded

Total value
of invoices
excluded exc.
VAT

(C) Standard payment terms used (contractual or statutory period - Article L. 441-6 or Article L. 443-1 of the Commercial Code)

Payment Contractual terms Contractual terms:

terms used Within 10 days after the end of the month M
for calculating

late payments Statutory terms 11 Statutory terms 0

31 SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 26 ---

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

INFORMATION ON THE DISTRIBUTION OF SHARE CAPITAL AND HOLDINGS

DISTRIBUTION OF SHARE CAPITAL
(ARTICLE L. 233-13 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

To the best of the company’s knowledge, the distribution of share capital and voting rights is as follows:

Number %share| Theoretical | % theoretical | Voting rights % voting
of shares capital | voting rights | voting rights at General rights
Meetings at General
Shareholding structure at 31/12/21 Meetings
J.P.J.S. SCA* 19,480,340 52.65% 38,960,680 61.28% 38,960,680 63.85%
J.P.J.2 SA** 3,409,030 9.21% 6,669,055 10.49% 6,669,055 10.93%
Compagnie Financiére Industrielle*** 1,653,875 4.47% 3,307,750 5.20% 3,307,750 5.42%
Despature family and others 1,565,268 4.23% 3,115,298 4.90% 3,115,298 5.11%
Manacor Dev Pte Ltd 510,000 1.38% 510,000 0.80% 510,000 0.84%
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AGREEMENT 26,618,513 71.94% 52,562,783 82.67% 52,562,783 86.14%
Treasury shares 2,560,045 6.92% 2,560,045 4.03% - 0.00%
Other holders of registered 7,821,442 21.14%] 8,456,858 13.30%| 8,456,858 13.86%
and bearer shares
TOTAL 37,000,000 100.00% 63,579,686 100.00% 61,019,641 100.00%

* Limited partnership with share capital (registered office: 160 boulevard de Fourmies, 59100 Roubaix) controlled by Paul Georges Despature and his

children Alexis Despature, Jean Guillaume Despature (Chairman of the Board of Directors of Somfy SA) and Marie Bavarel-Despature (member of the
Board of Directors of Somfy SA).

** Limited company (registered office: 29 route de I’aéroport, 1215 Geneva 15, Switzerland) controlled by Paul Georges Despature and his children
Alexis Despature, Jean Guillaume Despature (Chairman of the Board of Directors of Somfy SA) and Marie Bavarel-Despature (member of the Board of
Directors of Somfy SA).

*** Limited company incorporated in Luxembourg (registered office: 15, boulevard Roosevelt, 1-2450 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg)
controlled by Patrick Despature.

In June 2021, Silchester International Investors, acting on behalf of funds under its management, declared that it had fallen below the 5%
ownership threshold and that on 15 June 2021 it held 1,844,007 shares representing 4.98% of the share capital of Somfy SA. Due to the
absence of any further disclosures regarding threshold crossings, this company is still presumed to hold less than 5% of Somfy SA’s share
capital.

To the best of the company’s knowledge and at the date of preparation of this document, no shareholder other than those mentioned
above holds, directly or indirectly, alone or in concert with others, more than 5% of the share capital or voting rights of the company.
Changes to this list during the 2021 financial year, if any, are described below in the paragraph “Disclosure of shareholding threshold
crossings pursuant to Article L. 233-7 of the Commercial Code”.

RECIPROCAL HOLDINGS
(ARTICLES L. 233-29 AND R. 233-19 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

There were no reciprocal holdings as defined by current regulations at the date of preparation of this report.

EMPLOYEE SHAREHOLDING

(ARTICLE L. 225-102 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

At 31 December 2021, the shares held by employees via the Somfy FCPE (investment fund) or directly in registered form following a free
share allocation under Article L.225-197-1 of the Commercial Code (authorised subsequent to 6 August 2015) totalled 335,286 Somfy
shares, representing 0.91% of the share capital.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021 32


--- Page 27 ---

ACTION IN CONCERT AND RETENTION AGREEMENTS

ACTION IN CONCERT

On 3 June 2013, the limited partnership with share capital J.P.J.S.,
the limited companies J.P.J.2 and Manacor and certain members of
the Despature family concluded a shareholders’ agreement
constituting an action in concert between them, in relation to the
company Somfy SA.

The main clauses of the agreement provide:

Action in concert: the parties confirm their wish to act in concert
within the meaning of Article L. 233-10 of the Commercial Code to
implement a common policy with regard to Somfy SA. To that end,
the parties undertake to make every effort and to consult one
another before every vote in the General Meeting of Somfy SA
Shareholders on resolutions relating to the appointment of
members of the Supervisory Board (replaced since 2 June 2021 by
the Board of Directors) or modification of the mode of
administration or management of the company and any
transaction in the capital of Somfy SA with a view to establishing a
common position.

Maintaining the equity holding: the parties undertake to maintain
their overall equity holding in Somfy SA at more than 50% of the
share capital and voting rights of this company.

Duration: these undertakings are made for a period of ten years
from the signature of the agreement, namely 3 June 2013. Any
decision to reduce the term of the agreement will be made by a %
majority of the SomfySA shares held by the parties, it being
understood that in the case of separation of the shares, the voting
right will belong to the usufructuary.

COLLECTIVE RETENTION AGREEMENTS

The company is aware that a collective retention agreement
relating to 64.93% of the share capital of Somfy SA and more than
20% of the voting rights of shares issued was signed on
31 December 2015 by several shareholders, including Jean
Guillaume Despature (Chairman of the Management Board until
2June 2021 and Chairman of the Board of Directors since that
date), Pierre Ribeiro (member of the Management Board and Chief
Financial Officer until 2 June 2021 and Chief Executive Officer since
that date), Victor Despature (member of the Supervisory Board
until 2June 2021), Anthony Stahl (member of the Supervisory
Board until 2 June 2021 and member of the Board of Directors
since that date) and Michel Rollier (Chairman of the Supervisory
Board until 2 June 2021 and member of the Board of Directors
since that date). This agreement was concluded in accordance with
Article 885 | bis of the General Tax Code for a period of two years
from 31 December 2015, automatically extended indefinitely after
this two-year period.

Furthermore, the company is aware of six collective retention
agreements relating to a total of between 49.33% and 54.23% of
Somfy SA’s share capital, signed by several shareholders in
accordance with Article 787 B of the General Tax Code, for an
indeterminate period from the date of registration unless one of
the signatories gives notice of termination.

PROVISIONS OF THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
RELATING TO DOUBLE VOTING RIGHTS

(EXCERPT OF ARTICLE 27 OF THE ARTICLES

OF ASSOCIATION)

“The voting right attached to shares is proportional to the capital
that they represent. All capital and dividend shares have the same
par value and entitle their owner to one vote.

33

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

A voting right that is double that conferred on other shares is
allocated to all fully paid shares that have been duly registered for
at least four years in the name of the same shareholder at the end
of the calendar year preceding that of each General Meeting.

In the case of a capital increase by the capitalisation of reserves,
profits or issue premiums, registered shares granted free of charge
to a shareholder in exchange for existing shares, which already
benefit from this right, will be entitled to the same double voting
right.

All shares converted into bearer shares or whose ownership has
been transferred shall lose their entitlement to a double voting
right, except in instances provided for by law.

The merger of the company has no effect on the double voting
right which may be exercised within the absorbing company, if
provided for by said company’s Articles of Association."

DISCLOSURE OF SHAREHOLDING THRESHOLD
CROSSINGS DURING THE 2021 FINANCIAL YEAR,
PURSUANT TO ARTICLE L. 233-7

OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE

By letter received on 16June 2021, Silchester International
Investors LLP (Time&Life Building, 1 Bruton Street, 5" Floor,
London W1J 6TL, United Kingdom), acting on behalf of funds under
its management, declared that on 15 June 2021 it had fallen below
the 5% ownership threshold of Somfy SA and that it held, on behalf
of said funds, 1,844,007 shares in Somfy SA representing an equal
number of voting rights, equating to 4.98% of the share capital and
2.90% of voting rights in that company. This threshold crossing
resulted from the sale of Somfy SA shares on the market (AMF
notice n° 221C1421).

INFORMATION ON THE BUYBACK

OF TREASURY SHARES

(ARTICLE L. 225-211 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

The company has implemented several successive share buyback

programmes.

The last share buyback programme was implemented in 2021 in

accordance with the authorisation given by the Combined General

Meeting of 2 June 2021 in its tenth resolution, sitting in ordinary

session, authorising the Board of Directors, for a period of

18 months and in accordance with Articles L. 22-10-62 and

subsequent and L. 225-210 and subsequent of the Commercial

Code, to buy back company shares, on one or several occasions as

it deems appropriate, up to a maximum of 10% of the number of

shares comprising the share capital, restated if necessary to take
account of any increase or reduction in share capital that may take
place during the timeframe of the programme.

Share purchases could be carried out for the following objectives:

— to stimulate the secondary market or ensure the liquidity of the
Somfy share, by way of an investment services provider within a
liquidity contract that complies with practices recognised by
regulations, it being specified that within this framework the
number of shares considered for the calculation of the limit
specified above corresponds to the number of shares purchased
less the number of shares resold;

— to retain the shares purchased and subsequently exchange them
or use them as payment within the framework of potential
acquisitions;

— to ensure the coverage of stock option plans and/or free share
allocation plans (or similar) granted to employees and/or
corporate officers of the Group, as well as all other shares
allocated under a company or group savings scheme (or similar),
in relation to employee profit-sharing and/or any other form of
allocation to employees and/or corporate officers of the Group;

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 28 ---

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

— to cover marketable securities giving right to the allocation of
shares in the company, in accordance with current regulations;

— to proceed with the possible cancellation of shares acquired, in
accordance with the authorisation granted by the General
Meeting of shareholders of 24 June 2020 in its 16" resolution,
sitting in extraordinary session.

Such share purchases could be effected by all means, including by

means of acquiring blocks of shares and at any times considered

appropriate by the Board of Directors.

The company reserved the right to use options or derivative

instruments, in accordance with applicable regulations.

The maximum purchase price was set at €200 per share, with the

maximum amount of the share buyback programme set at

€216,775,000, taking account of the 2,616,125 treasury shares

held at 31 December 2020.

INFORMATION ON INVESTMENTS AND CONTROLLED CO!

INVESTMENTS IN FRENCH COMPANIES DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR
(ARTICLE L. 233-6 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

Direct control

During the financial year just ended, on the basis of the
authorisation given by the General Meetings of 2020 and 2021, the
company bought back 53,332 shares at an average price of
€154.23, sold 54,861 shares at an average price of €149.82 and
transferred 54,551 shares at an average price of €24.03 for final
vesting in June 2021 of performance shares granted free of charge
on 20 May 2019 and 15 November 2019.

All of the 53,332 shares acquired were allocated to the liquidity
objective and none were reallocated to other objectives.

No trading fees were paid during the financial year.

The company held 2,560,045 of its own shares at 31 December
2021, representing 6.92% of the share capital; the value of the
purchase price of one share amounted to €37.91 for a par value of
€0.20 each, representing a total nominal value of €512,009 (€1,717
for the liquidity contract, €244,354 to be retained for future
acquisition transactions and €266,538 to cover share purchase
option plans and/or free share allocation plans).

MPANIES

ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021

Indirect control

Company name Number of shares

% share capital Number of shares % share capital

RS FRANCHISE 600

60% - -

NAMES OF COMPANIES DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY CONTROLLED AND
(ARTICLE L. 233-13 OF THE COMMERCIAL CODE)

None of the companies controlled by Somfy SA held shares in Somfy SA

THE PORTION OF SOMFY SA’S SHARE CAPITAL HELD BY THEM

at the date of preparation of this report.

INFORMATION ON TRANSACTIONS PERFORMED BY DIRECTORS

DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR

(ARTICLE 223-26 OF AMF GENERAL REGULATIONS)

The company is aware that the following transactions falling within the scope of Article L. 621-18-2 of the Monetary and Financial Code

have been carried out during the past financial year:

Vesting of fr

‘ee shares

Registrant and nature of transaction

Amount

Jean Guillaume Despature, Chairman of the Board of Directors

Total amount of acquisition
Average unit price

Number of shares

0.00
2,790

TOTAL PURCHASES

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021 34


--- Page 29 ---

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

Vesting of free shares

Registrant and nature of transaction Amount
Pierre Ribeiro, Chief Executive Officer
Total amount of acquisition -
Average unit price 0.00
Number of shares 2,790
TOTAL PURCHASES -
€
Vesting of free shares

Registrant and nature of transaction Amount
Valérie Dixmier, Deputy Chief Executive Officer
Total amount of acquisition -
Average unit price 0.00
Number of shares 843
TOTAL PURCHASES -
€

Purchase of shares in FCPE Somfy Group Shareholding Mutual Trust
Registrant and nature of transaction Amount
Arthur Watin-Augouard, member of the Supervisory Board
Total amount of acquisition 1,419
Average unit price 46.40
Number of shares 31
TOTAL PURCHASES 1,419

35

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 30 ---

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO THE COMBINED GENERAL MEETING

OF 1JUNE 2022

To the Shareholders,
We have convened this Combined General Meeting to submit the
following resolutions for your approval:

ORDINARY SESSION

1. Approval of the parent company financial statements for the
year ended 31December 2021 and = approval of
non-tax-deductible expenses and charges.

2. Approval of the consolidated financial statements for the year
ended 31 December 2021.

3. Allocation of net profit for the financial year and setting of
dividend.

4. Special report of the Statutory Auditors on
agreements - Noting the absence of new agreements.

5. Appointment of DELOITTE & ASSOCIES to replace ERNST &
YOUNG et Autres as Principal Statutory Auditor.

6. Non-reappointment and non-replacement of AUDITEX as
Alternate Statutory Auditor.

7. Reappointment of KPMG SA as Principal Statutory Auditor.

8. Non-reappointment and non-replacement of SALUSTRO
REYDEL as Alternate Statutory Auditor.

9. Non-reappointment and non-replacement of Michel Rollier as

Director.

Appointment of Grégoire Ferré as Director.

Appointment of Vincent Léonard as Director.

Approval of the remuneration policy for the Chairman of the

Board of Directors.

Approval of the remuneration policy for the Chief Executive

Officer.

Approval of the remuneration policy for the Deputy Chief

Executive Officer.

Approval of the remuneration policy for the Directors.

Approval of the information referred to in paragraph! of

Article L. 22-10-9 of the Commercial Code.

Approval of the fixed, variable and exceptional items making

up the total remuneration and benefits of any kind paid during

or allocated in respect of the financial year just ended to Jean

Guillaume Despature, Chairman of the Management Board

until 2 June 2021.

Approval of the fixed, variable and exceptional items making

up the total remuneration and benefits of any kind paid during

or allocated in respect of the financial year just ended to Jean

Guillaume Despature, Chairman of the Board of Directors since

2 June 2021.

Approval of the fixed, variable and exceptional items making

up the total remuneration and benefits of any kind paid during

or allocated in respect of the financial year just ended to Pierre

Ribeiro, member of the Management Board and Chief Financial

Officer until 2 June 2021.

Approval of the fixed, variable and exceptional items making

up the total remuneration and benefits of any kind paid during

or allocated in respect of the financial year just ended to Pierre

Ribeiro, Chief Executive Officer since 2 June 2021.

Approval of the fixed, variable and exceptional items making

up the total remuneration and benefits any kind paid during or

allocated in respect of the financial year just ended to Michel

Rollier, Chairman of the Supervisory Board until 2 June 2021.

regulated

10.
11.
12.
13.
14.

15.
16.

17.

18.

19.

20.

21.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021

36

22. Approval of the fixed, variable and exceptional items making
up the total remuneration and benefits of any kind paid during
or allocated in respect of the financial year just ended to
Valérie Dixmier, Deputy Chief Executive Officer since 2 June
2021

Authorisation to be granted to the Board of Directors for the
buyback by the company of its own shares pursuant to
Article L. 22-10-62 of the Commercial Code, duration of the
authorisation, objectives, terms and conditions, cap.

EXTRAORDINARY SESSION

23.

24. Authorisation to be granted to the Board of Directors to cancel
treasury shares held by the company and bought back within
the framework set out by Article L. 22-10-62 of the Commercial
Code, duration of the authorisation, cap.

Authorisation to be granted to the Board of Directors to
allocate existing shares free of charge to employees and/or
certain corporate officers of the company or related
companies or economic interest groups, duration of the
authorisation, cap, duration of the vesting periods - particularly
in the case of invalidity, and retention periods if applicable.

26. Powers to complete formalities.

APPROVAL OF THE PARENT COMPANY

AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021
(resolutions 1 and 2)

25.

We would ask you to approve the parent company financial
statements for the year ended 31 December 2021, which show a
net profit of €184,474,270.23, and the consolidated financial
statements for the year ended 31 December 2021, which show a
net profit (Group share) of €258,049,000, as submitted.

We would ask you to approve the total amount of expenses and
charges referred to in paragraph 4 of Article 39 of the General Tax
Code, equating to the sum of €6,450 and the corresponding
amount of tax, equating to €1,832.

ALLOCATION OF NET PROFIT FOR THE FINANCIAL
YEAR AND SETTING OF DIVIDEND

(resolution 3)

The allocation of our company’s profit that we are proposing
complies with legislation and our Articles of Association.

We propose allocating the profit for the financial year as follows:

Source

— Net profit for the financial year €184,474,270.23

— Retained earnings €4,839,461.25

Allocation

— Dividends €79,550,000.00

— Optional reserve €109,763,731.48
As such, the gross overall dividend per share will be €2.15.

When it is paid to individuals who are tax residents in France, the
dividend is subject to a single fixed-levy deduction at source on the
gross dividend at the flat rate of 12.8% (Article 200 A of the
General Tax Code), or at the express, irrevocable and
comprehensive wishes of the taxpayer, to income tax calculated
according to a sliding scale after notably an allowance of 40%


--- Page 31 ---

(Articles 200 A, 13, and 158 of the General Tax Code). The dividend
is also subject to social security contributions at the rate of 17.2%.
The dividend will be paid on 14 June 2022 and the ex-dividend
date is set at 10 June 2022.

It is specified that if the company holds a number of treasury
shares at the ex-dividend date, the amounts corresponding to
unpaid dividends in respect of these shares will be transferred to
retained earnings.

Pursuant to the provisions of Article 243 bis of the General Tax
Code, you are reminded that the following dividends were paid
during the last three financial years:

Revenues eligible for tax rebate

Other] Revenue not

Financial distributed eligible for

year Dividends earnings tax rebate
€48,094,109.00*

2018 being €1.40 - -
per share
€42,976,388.75*

2019 being €1.25** - -
per share
€63,610,538.80*

2020 being €1.85 - -
per share

* Does not include unpaid dividends attributable to treasury shares

and transferred to retained earnings.

** The 2019 dividend amount was revised downwards at the General
Meeting of 24 June 2020.

APPROVAL OF THE SPECIAL REPORT

OF THE STATUTORY AUDITORS ON REGULATED
AGREEMENTS - NOTING THE ABSENCE

OF NEW AGREEMENTS

(resolution 4)

It will be proposed, having considered the special report of the
Statutory Auditors mentioning the absence of new agreements of
the type referred to in Articles L. 225-38 and subsequent and
L. 225-86 and subsequent of the Commercial Code, that you simply
acknowledge this fact.

It is specified that no agreements have been concluded or
authorised over the course of financial years prior to 2021, the
execution of which continued during the previous financial year.

TERMS OF OFFICE OF THE PRINCIPAL

AND ALTERNATE STATUTORY AUDITORS

(resolutions 5 to 8)

We would remind you that the terms of office of the Principal
Statutory Auditors, namely ERNST & YOUNG et Autres and
KPMG SA, and of the Alternate Statutory Auditors, namely
AUDITEX and SALUSTRO REYDEL, expired at the end of the
Combined General Meeting called to approve the financial
statements for the financial year ended on 31 December 2021.

A tendering process has been established, under the supervision of
the Audit and Risk Committee and four audit firms have been
approached.

The selection criteria mainly related to the following elements:
technical expertise, audit approach and methodology, quality of
proposed teams, international presence, digital innovation in
auditing, involvement in developments to accounting and financial
standards, relations with co-Statutory Auditors, financial proposal.

37

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

Under the terms of the tendering process, the Audit and Risk
Committee recommended that the Board reappoint the Principal
Statutory Auditors, KPMG SA. For the second Principal Statutory
Auditors, the Committee recommended two international audit
firms which each submitted tenders fulfilling Somfy’s criteria.
Progress on digital solutions, resilience and depth of its
organisation, as well as positive feedback on the ability to
complete existing co-Statutory Auditor appointments with KPMG
led the Audit and Risk Committee to recommend the selection of
DELOITTE & ASSOCIES to the Board of Directors.

Upon the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Committee, the
Board of Directors proposes to appoint DELOITTE & ASSOCIES to
the role of Principal Statutory Auditor, replacing ERNST & YOUNG
et Autres, for a period of six financial years, that is until the end of
the Annual Ordinary General Meeting to be held in 2028 and called
to approve the financial statements for the financial year ended
31 December 2027.

Upon the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Committee, the
Board of Directors proposes not to reappoint AUDITEX to the role
of Alternate Statutory Auditor, and does not propose to appoint a
replacement, in accordance with the law.

Upon the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Committee, the
Board of Directors proposes to reappoint KPMG SA to the role of
Principal Statutory Auditor for a period of six financial years, that is
until the end of the Annual Ordinary General Meeting to be held in
2028 and called to approve the financial statements for the
financial year ended 31 December 2027.

Upon the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Committee, the
Board of Directors proposes not to reappoint SALUSTRO REYDEL to
the role of Alternate Statutory Auditor, and does not propose to
appoint a replacement, in accordance with the law.

TERMS OF OFFICE OF DIRECTORS

(resolutions 9 to 11)

We hereby remind you that Michel Rollier’s term of office as a
member of the Board of Directors expires at the end of the next
Annual General Meeting.

Upon recommendation of the Appointment and Remuneration
Committee, we propose that you take note of the expiry of the
term of office of Michel Rollier at the end of the next General
Meeting, such individual not having requested reappointment and
the Board of Directors not seeking to propose that you appoint a
replacement.

Upon recommendation of the Appointment and Remuneration
Committee, we also propose that you appoint Grégoire Ferré and
Vincent Léonard for a term of four years, that is to say until the
end of the General Meeting to be held in 2026 and called to
approve the financial statements for the financial year then ended,
in addition to the current members. The Board will thus be
increased from eight Directors (taking into account the
non-reappointment and non-replacement of Michel Rollier) to ten
Directors.

INDEPENDENCE AND GENDER PARITY

It is specified that the Board of Directors, based on the opinion of
the Appointment and Remuneration Committee, considers that
Grégoire Ferré and Vincent Léonard qualify as independent
members in the eyes of the Middlenext Code, used by the
company as a framework of reference in relation to corporate
governance. In this regard, it is specifically noted that Grégoire
Ferré and Vincent Léonard have no business relationship with the
Group.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 32 ---

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

If you approve all these proposals for appointment:

— the independence rate of the Board, with this quality being
defined in line with all the Middlenext Code criteria and used by
the company, will increase from 62.5% to 66.7% (taking into
account the non-reappointment and non-replacement of Michel
Rollier and excluding the employee representative). As such, the
company will continue to comply with the recommendations of
this Code in terms of the proportion of independent members;

— the rate of female representation on the Board will decrease
from 50% to 44%, in compliance with the law;

— at the end of the General Meeting, the Board of Directors will
have more than eight members, triggering the requirement to
appoint a second member representing employees on the Board
of Directors pursuant to the company’s Articles of Association.

EXPERTISE, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS

The information concerning the expertise and experience of the
proposed members is detailed in the paragraph “Expertise and
experience of members of the Board of Directors and Observers”
of the report on corporate governance which is included the 2021
Annual Financial Report.

SAY ON PAY

(resolutions 12 to 22)

APPROVAL OF THE REMUNERATION POLICY FOR THE
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS (resolution 12)

In application of Article L. 22-10-8 of the Commercial Code, you are
asked to approve the remuneration policy for the Chairman of the
Board of Directors as presented in the report on corporate
governance included in the 2021 Annual Financial Report
(paragraph “corporate officers’ remuneration policy”).

APPROVAL OF THE REMUNERATION POLICY FOR THE CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER (resolution 13)

In application of Article L. 22-10-8 of the Commercial Code, you are
asked to approve the remuneration policy for the Chief Executive
Officer as presented in the report on corporate governance
included in the 2021 Annual Financial Report (paragraph
“corporate officers’ remuneration policy”).

APPROVAL OF THE REMUNERATION POLICY FOR THE DEPUTY
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (resolution 14)

In application of Article L. 22-10-8 of the Commercial Code, you are
asked to approve the remuneration policy for the Deputy Chief
Executive Officer as presented in the report on corporate
governance included in the 2021 Annual Financial Report
(paragraph “corporate officers’ remuneration policy”).

APPROVAL OF THE REMUNERATION POLICY
FOR THE DIRECTORS (resolution 15)

In application of Article L. 22-10-8 of the Commercial Code, you are
asked to approve the remuneration policy for the Directors as
presented in the report on corporate governance included in the
2021 Annual Financial Report (paragraph “corporate officers’
remuneration policy”).

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021

38

APPROVAL OF THE INFORMATION REFERRED TO IN
PARAGRAPH | OF ARTICLE L. 22-10-9 OF THE COMMERCIAL
CODE (resolution 16)

In accordance with the provisions of Article L. 22-10-341 of the
Commercial Code, it is proposed that you approve the information
included in paragraph! of Article L.22-10-9 of the Commercial
Code and presented in the paragraph “Information referred to in
paragraph | of Article L. 22-10-9 of the Commercial Code” of the
report on corporate governance included in the 2021 Annual
Financial Report.

APPROVAL OF THE FIXED, VARIABLE AND EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS
MAKING UP THE TOTAL REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS OF
ANY KIND PAID DURING OR ALLOCATED IN RESPECT OF THE
FINANCIAL YEAR JUST ENDED TO JEAN GUILLAUME DESPATURE,
CHAIRMAN OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD UNTIL 2 JUNE 2021
(resolution 17)

In accordance with Article L. 22-10-34 II of the Commercial Code, it
is proposed that shareholders approve the fixed, variable and
exceptional items comprising the total remuneration and benefits
of any kind paid during or allocated in respect of the financial year
just ended to Jean Guillaume Despature, Chairman of the
Management Board until 2 June 2021, as presented in the report
on corporate governance included in the 2021 Annual Financial
Report, paragraph “Fixed, variable and exceptional items making
up the total remuneration and benefits of any kind paid during or
allocated in respect of the financial year just ended to the
Chairman of the Management Board until 2 June 2021”.

APPROVAL OF THE FIXED, VARIABLE AND EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS
MAKING UP THE TOTAL REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS OF
ANY KIND PAID DURING OR ALLOCATED IN RESPECT OF THE
FINANCIAL YEAR JUST ENDED TO JEAN GUILLAUME DESPATURE,
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS SINCE 2 JUNE 2021
(resolution 18)

In accordance with Article L. 22-10-34 II of the Commercial Code, it
is proposed that shareholders approve the fixed, variable and
exceptional items comprising the total remuneration and benefits
of any kind paid during or allocated in respect of the financial year
just ended to Jean Guillaume Despature, Chairman of the Board of
Directors since 2June 2021, as presented in the report on
corporate governance included in the 2021 Annual Financial
Report, paragraph “Fixed, variable and exceptional items making
up the total remuneration and benefits of any kind paid during or
allocated in respect of the financial year just ended to the
Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2 June 2021”.

APPROVAL OF THE FIXED, VARIABLE AND EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS
MAKING UP THE TOTAL REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS OF
ANY KIND PAID DURING OR ALLOCATED IN RESPECT OF THE
FINANCIAL YEAR JUST ENDED TO PIERRE RIBEIRO, MEMBER
OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
UNTIL 2 JUNE 2021 (resolution 19)

In accordance with Article L. 22-10-34 Il of the Commercial Code, it
is proposed that shareholders approve the fixed, variable and
exceptional items comprising the total remuneration and benefits of
any kind paid during or allocated in respect of the financial year just
ended to Pierre Ribeiro, member of the Management Board and
Chief Financial Officer until 2 June 2021, as presented in the report
on corporate governance included in the 2021 Annual Financial
Report, paragraph “Fixed, variable and exceptional items making up
the total remuneration and benefits of any kind paid during or
allocated in respect of the financial year just ended to the member


--- Page 33 ---

of the Board of Directors and Chief Financial Officer until 2 June
2021”.

APPROVAL OF THE FIXED, VARIABLE AND EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS
MAKING UP THE TOTAL REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS OF
ANY KIND PAID DURING OR ALLOCATED IN RESPECT OF THE
FINANCIAL YEAR JUST ENDED TO PIERRE RIBEIRO, CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER SINCE 2 JUNE 2021 (resolution 20)

In accordance with Article L. 22-10-34 II of the Commercial Code, it
is proposed that shareholders approve the fixed, variable and
exceptional items comprising the total remuneration and benefits
of any kind paid during or allocated in respect of the financial year
just ended to Pierre Ribeiro, Chief Executive Officer since 2 June
2021, as presented in the report on corporate governance included
in the 2021 Annual Financial Report, paragraph “Fixed, variable
and exceptional items making up the total remuneration and
benefits of any kind paid during or allocated in respect of the
financial year just ended to the Chief Executive Officer since 2 June
2021”.

APPROVAL OF THE FIXED, VARIABLE AND EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS
MAKING UP THE TOTAL REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS OF
ANY KIND PAID DURING OR ALLOCATED IN RESPECT OF THE
FINANCIAL YEAR JUST ENDED TO MICHEL ROLLIER, CHAIRMAN
OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD UNTIL 2 JUNE 2021 (resolution 21)

In accordance with Article L. 22-10-34 II of the Commercial Code, it
is proposed that shareholders approve the fixed, variable and
exceptional items comprising the total remuneration and benefits
of any kind paid during or allocated in respect of the financial year
just ended to Michel Rollier, Chairman of the Supervisory Board
until 2June 2021, as presented in the report on corporate
governance included in the 2021 Annual Financial Report,
paragraph “Fixed, variable and exceptional items making up the
total remuneration and benefits of any kind paid during or
allocated in respect of the financial year just ended to the
Chairman of the Supervisory Board until 2 June 2021”.

APPROVAL OF THE FIXED, VARIABLE AND EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS
MAKING UP THE TOTAL REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS OF
ANY KIND PAID DURING OR ALLOCATED IN RESPECT OF THE
FINANCIAL YEAR JUST ENDED TO VALERIE DIXMIER, DEPUTY
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER SINCE 2 JUNE 2021 (resolution 22)

In accordance with Article L. 22-10-34 II of the Commercial Code, it
is proposed that shareholders approve the fixed, variable and
exceptional items comprising the total remuneration and benefits
of any kind paid during or allocated in respect of the financial year
just ended to Valérie Dixmier, Deputy Chief Executive Officer since
2 June 2021, as presented in the report on corporate governance
included in the 2021 Annual Financial Report, paragraph “Fixed,
variable and exceptional items making up the total remuneration
and benefits of any kind paid during or allocated in respect of the
financial year just ended to the Deputy Chief Executive Officer
since 2 June 2021”.

39

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

PROPOSAL TO RENEW THE AUTHORISATION
CONCERNING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE SHARE
BUYBACK PROGRAMME (resolution 23) AND THE
AUTHORISATION CONCERNING THE REDUCTION

IN SHARE CAPITAL VIA THE CANCELLATION

OF TREASURY SHARES HELD BY THE COMPANY
(resolution 24)

You are asked, under the terms of the 23” resolution, to grant the
Board of Directors, for a period of 18 months and in accordance
with Articles L. 22-10-62 and subsequent and L. 225-210 and
subsequent of the Commercial Code, the necessary powers to buy
back company shares, on one or several occasions as it deems
appropriate, up to a maximum of 10% of the number of shares
comprising the share capital on the date of the Meeting, restated if
necessary to take account of any increase or reduction in share
capital that may take place during the timeframe of the
programme.

This authorisation would supersede the authorisation granted to
the Board of Directors by the tenth resolution to the General
Meeting of 2 June 2021, sitting in ordinary session.

Acquisitions may be carried out for the following objectives:

to stimulate the secondary market or ensure the liquidity of the
Somfy share, by way of an investment services provider within a
liquidity contract that complies with practices recognised by
regulations, it being specified that within this framework the
number of shares considered for the calculation of the limit
specified above corresponds to the number of shares purchased
less the number of shares resold;

to retain the shares purchased and subsequently exchange them
or use them as payment within the framework of potential
merger, demerger, contribution or acquisition transactions;

to ensure the coverage of stock option plans and/or free share
allocation plans (or similar) granted to employees and/or
corporate officers of the Group, including related economic
interest groups and companies, as well as all other shares
allocated under a company or group savings scheme (or similar),
in relation to employee profit-sharing and/or any other form of
allocation to employees and/or corporate officers of the Group,
including related economic interest groups and companies;

to cover marketable securities giving right to the allocation of
shares in the company, in accordance with current regulations;
to cancel purchased shares, in accordance with the
authorisation granted or to be granted by the Extraordinary
General Meeting.

Such share purchases could be effected by all means, including by
means of acquiring blocks of shares and at any times considered
appropriate by the Board of Directors.

The company would reserve the right to use options or derivative
instruments, in accordance with applicable regulations.

The maximum purchase price would be set at €240 per share. In
case of a share capital transaction, in particular a share split,
reverse share split or allocation of free shares to shareholders, the
above-mentioned price would be restated in the same proportions
(a multiplier coefficient equal to the number of shares comprising
the share capital before the transaction divided by the number of
shares following the transaction).

The maximum value of the transaction would therefore be set at
€273,589,200.

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021


--- Page 34 ---

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

The General Meeting would confer all powers to the Board of
Directors to proceed with these transactions, set their terms and
conditions, conclude all agreements and fulfil all of the required
formalities.

Under the cancellation objective, we would ask you, under
resolution 24, to grant authority to the Board of Directors, for a
period of 24 months, to cancel, at its own discretion, on one or
more occasions, within a limit of 10% of capital, calculated on the
day on which the cancellation decision is made, reduced by the
number of shares potentially cancelled during the previous
24 months, the shares which the company holds or could hold,
notably following share buybacks exercised within the framework
of Article L. 22-10-62 of the Commercial Code, as well as to reduce
share capital by the corresponding amount pursuant to the legal
and regulatory provisions in force.

The Board of Directors would have full authority to carry out all
necessary transactions for such cancellations and corresponding
reductions in share capital, to modify the company’s Articles of
Association as a result and fulfil all of the required formalities.

AUTHORISATION TO BE GRANTED TO THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS TO ALLOCATE EXISTING SHARES
FREE OF CHARGE TO EMPLOYEES AND/OR CERTAIN
CORPORATE OFFICERS (resolution 25)
To enable us to pursue a policy of incentive-based employee
shareholding that promotes the development of the business, we
propose that you renew the authorisation to grant existing shares
free of charge to salaried employees of the company and
companies or economic interest groups related to it and/or certain
corporate officers.

As such, we propose that you authorise the Board of Directors, for

a period of 38 months, to allocate, on one or more occasions,

pursuant to Articles L. 225-197-1, L.225-197-2, L. 22-10-59 and

L. 22-10-60 of the Commercial Code, existing shares free of charge.

The beneficiaries of these allocations may be:

— employees of the company or companies or economic interest
groups directly or indirectly related to it within the meaning of
Article L. 225-197-2 of the Commercial Code;

— and/or corporate officers meeting the
Article L. 225-197-1 of the Commercial Code.

The total number of shares thus allocated free of charge may not

exceed 1.5% of the share capital on the date of this General

Meeting, without being able to exceed the maximum percentage

of the share capital provided for by regulations on the date on

which the allocation decision is made, it being specified that this
limit would count towards the total number of shares that could
confer the right to share purchase options able to be granted by

requirements of

SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021

40

the Board of Directors in respect of the authorisation granted by
the General Meeting of 2 June 2021 in its 12" resolution and any
other subsequent similar authorisation granted by the General
Meeting.

Where applicable, added to this limit would be the nominal
amount of the increase in share capital required to safeguard the
rights of the beneficiaries of free allocations of shares in the event
of transactions on the company’s share capital during the vesting
period.

The allocation of shares to beneficiaries would be definitive at the
end of a vesting period whose duration, which may not be less
than one year, will be set by the Board of Directors.

Beneficiaries should, where applicable, retain these shares for a
minimum period, set by the Board of Directors, at least equal to
that required to ensure that the cumulative duration of the
vesting, and where necessary the retention, periods may not be
less than two years.

As an exception, the final allocation would take place before the
end of the vesting period in the event of the beneficiary’s infirmity
corresponding to the second or third category referred to in
Article L. 341-4 of the Social Security Code.

As such, the Board of Directors would have all necessary powers to
set the conditions and, where required, the criteria for the
definitive allocation of the shares; to determine the identity of the
beneficiaries as well as the number of shares allocated to each of
them; where necessary, to acquire the shares required as part of
the share buyback programme and to allot them to the allocation
plan; to determine the impacts on the rights of beneficiaries of
transactions modifying the share capital or likely to impact the
value of the shares allocated and completed during the vesting
period and, as a result, to amend or adjust, if necessary, the
number of shares allocated to preserve the rights of beneficiaries;
to decide whether or not to set a retention obligation at the end of
the vesting period and, where necessary, to determine its duration
and take all appropriate measures to ensure compliance with it by
the beneficiaries; and generally, do anything within the framework
of current regulations that may be required by the implementation
of this authorisation.

This authorisation would, where applicable, cause any unused
portion of any prior authorisation to the same effect to lapse on
the date of the General Meeting.

The Board of Directors asks you to approve the above resolutions
submitted to your vote.

The Board of Directors


--- Page 35 ---

02 MANAGEMENT REPORT

APPENDIX: SOMFY SA FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS

€ thousands 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
1. Financial position at the balance sheet date

a) Share capital 7,400 7,400 7,400 7,400 7,400
b) Number of shares issued 37,000,000 | 37,000,000 | 37,000,000 | 37,000,000) 37,000,000
c) Number of bonds convertible into shares - - - - -
2. Overall result of current operations

a) Net sales 3,234 3,412 3,705 3,862 4,591
b) ol pravion cha amortisation, depreciation 86,979 94,252| 116,910 97,790| 170,455
c) Income tax 25,516 4,457 2,913 2,345 2,223
q) opciones at” depreciation 107,111 98,241| 114,988] 100,960] 184,474
e) Distributed profit* 48,100 51,800 46,250** 68,450 79,550
3. Earnings per share

> rigs er shape after but before motto, sos] 267] ae] ama a7
bce er smorsation 2s3) es) aan) 23] a9
c) Dividend distributed per share 1.30 1.40 1.25** 1.85 2.15
4. Workforce

a) Number of employees at end of year 4 10 11 11 11
b) Total payroll paid 959 1,146 1,586 1,694 2,635
ogre id eatin ts eplver nes temployes zs] ma] ass] ara as

* This amount corresponds to the proposed dividend for the last financial year ended before its approval by the General Meeting (which is held in

N+1). Consequently, it includes the amount of the dividend relating to treasury shares that will not be paid.
** The dividend amount was revised downwards at the General Meeting of 24 June 2020.

al SOMFY ~ ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2021
