

--- Page 1 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Corporate Profile
Business Model

E.ON is an investor-owned energy company with approximately
72,000 employees led by Corporate Functions in Essen. The
Group's core business is divided into two operating segments:
Energy Networks and Customer Solutions. Non-strategic opera-
tions are reported under Non-Core Business; corporate functions
and equity interests managed directly by E.ON SE are reported
under Corporate Functions/Other.

Corporate Functions

Corporate Functions’ main task is to lead the E.ON Group. This
involves charting E.ON's strategic course and managing and funding
its existing business portfolio. Corporate Functions’ tasks include
optimizing E.ON's overall business across countries and markets from
a financial, strategic, and risk perspective and conducting stake-
holder management.

Energy Networks

This segment consists of E.ON's power and gas distribution networks
and related activities. It is subdivided into three regional markets:
Germany, Sweden, and East-Central Europe/Turkey (which consists
of the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, Poland, Croatia, Slovakia,
and the stake in Enerjisa Enerji in Turkey, which is accounted for
using the equity method). This segment's main tasks include oper-
ating its power and gas networks safely and reliably, carrying out all
necessary maintenance and repairs, and expanding its power and
gas networks, which frequently involves adding customer connec-
tions and the connection of renewable energy generation assets.

Combined Group Management Report 5

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

Customer Solutions

This segment serves as the platform for working with E.ON's cus-
tomers to actively shape Europe's energy transition. This includes
supplying customers in Europe (excluding Turkey) with power, gas,
and heat and offering products and services that enhance their
energy efficiency and autonomy and provide other benefits. E.ON's
activities are tailored to the individual needs of customers across
all categories: residential, small and medium-sized enterprises, large
commercial and industrial, sales partners, and public entities. E.ON’s
main presence in this business is in Germany, the United Kingdom,
the Netherlands, Belgium, Sweden, Italy, the Czech Republic, Hungary,
Croatia, Romania, Poland, and Slovakia. In addition, the Combined
Group Management Report discloses Energy Infrastructure Solutions’
activities in this segment for the first time. Energy Infrastructure
Solutions engages in activities aimed at decarbonizing E.ON's com-
mercial and industrial customers, such as sustainable city solutions
and district heating.

Non-Core Business

This segment consists of the E.ON Group's non-strategic activities.
This applies to the operation and dismantling of nuclear power sta-
tions in Germany (which is managed by the PreussenElektra unit)
and the generation business in Turkey.

Special Events in the Reporting Period

Changes in Segment Reporting

Operations in Croatia and at VSEH in Slovakia consist of network
as well as sales businesses. All of these operations were previously
reported at Energy Networks’ East-Central Europe/Turkey unit.
E.ON's segment reporting was adjusted effective January 1, 2021.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

ments pursuant to German GAAP ai

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Power and gas sales operations as well as the new customer solu-
tions business in Croatia and at VSEH are now reported at Customer
Solutions’ Other unit. Their network businesses continue to be
reported at Energy Networks’ East-Central Europe/Turkey unit.

Energy Price Movements

High gas and electricity prices had a significant impact on the energy
sector in 2021. The main cause was a tight supply of natural gas
accompanied by rising global gas demand as the economy recovered.
In addition, wholesale prices for gas and electricity rose in response
to higher coal and carbon prices. The fourth quarter in particular
saw substantial price increases on wholesale markets with varying
impacts on consumers. E.ON is active on wholesale markets and
was also affected by price increases in different ways during the
reporting period. The Business Report contains more information
‘on these matters beginning on page 53 ©.

Corporate Bond Issued
In mid-January 2021 E.ON issued a €600 million corporate bond
maturing in December 2028 with a coupon of 0.1 percent.

Supplementary Agreements to enviaM's Consortium Agreement
Through subsidiaries, E.ON SE has a roughly 59-percent stake in
enviaM AG. The other main shareholders are two municipal compa-
nies whose aggregate stake totals around 37 percent. From 2002
onward, a consortium agreement gave these municipal shareholders
a put option that could be exercised in whole or in part. Pursuant to
IAS 32, E.ON SE recorded this put option as a liability in its Consoli-
dated Financial Statements. In March 2021, a supplementary
agreement to the consortium agreement was concluded that stipu-
lates the put option’s cancellation. The standstill obligation had

cial Year



--- Page 2 ---

Q Search =< Back

= Contents

been recorded as a liability in the amount of €1.8 billion. Effective
March 31, 2021, it no longer existed. Accordingly, equity increased
by €1.8 billion. Of this amount, €0.7 billion is attributable to share-
holders of E.ON SE.

E.ON Presents Green Bond Framework Aligned with the

EU Taxonomy and Issues First Bond under It

On March 1, 2021, E.ON became Europe's first corporate issuer to
present a Green Bond Framework that is in full compliance with the
EU Taxonomy’s criteria for sustainable economic activities and with
the draft Delegated Acts. In December E.ON published an updated
Green Bond Framework that reflects the final version of the Dele-
gated Acts. In late March E.ON successfully marketed a €750 million
green bond under the new framework. It matures in October 2032
and has a coupon of 0.6 percent.

Disposal of Stake in Rampion Renewables Ltd

In 2019 E.ON UK plc sold roughly 60 percent of its stake in Rampion
Renewables Ltd, which has a roughly 50-percent stake in U.K. wind
farm operator Rampion Offshore Wind Ltd, to RWE Renewables UK
Ltd, an RWE Group company. On December 29, 2020, an agree-
ment was signed with RWE AG and RWE Renewables UK Ltd under
which E.ON UK plc would transfer its remaining 40-percent stake
to RWE Renewables UK Ltd. In view of this agreement, E.ON has
disclosed its stake in Rampion Renewables Ltd as an asset held for
sale since December 31, 2020. The stake was transferred on April 1,
2021. The parties agreed not to disclose the purchase price, which
was received at year-end 2020.

> Corporate Profile

Combined Group Management Report 6

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

E.ON Supports United Nations’ “Decade for Ecosystem Restoration”
E.ON is the world's first energy company to support the United
Nations Environment Programme ("UNEP") in restoring ecosystems
in the interest of climate protection and biodiversity. E.ON, Europe's
largest operator of electricity distribution networks, will create
valuable biotopes under 13,000 kilometers of high-voltage lines in
forested areas. E.ON is a partner in UNEP, which commemorated
World Environment Day on June 5 by proclaiming this decade to be
the “Decade for Ecosystem Restoration.”

E.ON has many years of experience in the ecological management
of power-line corridors and already manages 8,000 hectares of such
corridors in an environmentally friendly way. The Group now intends
to draw on this experience across Europe. E.ON is convinced that
healthy and stable ecosystems play an important role in the fight
against climate change. This is why E.ON is investing a double-digit
million sum in the preservation of ecosystems and intends to adopt
ecological corridor management for overhead power lines in forested
areas Group-wide by 2026.

Disposal of the Sales Business in Belgium

Dutch energy supplier Essent NV and Belgian energy company
Luminus signed an agreement in February 2021 to sell Essent's
sales business in Belgium. Essent, a wholly owned E.ON Group sub-
sidiary, at the time supplied more than 500,000 electricity and gas
customers in Belgium. The sales business in Belgium was part of
Customer Solutions’ Netherlands/Belgium business unit and was
deconsolidated in the second quarter of 2021 after the transaction
closed.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Consortium Agreement with RheinEnergie

On June 29, 2021, the E.ON Group's fully consolidated subsidiary
Westenergie concluded a new consortium agreement with Rhein-
Energie AG. It is planned that Westenergie and RheinEnergie will
combine their equity interests in certain municipal utilities in
rhenag Rheinische Energie Aktiengesellschaft ("rhenag"), which is
also a fully consolidated E.ON Group subsidiary. rhenag will con-
tinue to be fully consolidated by Westenergie. The implementation
of the steps envisaged in the consortium agreement is in principle
subject to the approval of various authorities. The closing of this
transaction is expected in mid-2022.

E.ON Sends Assistance from across Germany to Flood Areas
Severe storms in western Germany in July 2021 led to considerable
damage, including to electricity and gas networks. After heavy
flooding, E.ON employees therefore gave assistance in the area and
worked tirelessly to restore energy service. Within a few days, the
number of people without power in the service territory of EON
subsidiary Westnetz was reduced from 200,000 to a few thousand.

Patrick Lammers Joined E.ON SE Management Board in August
2021

At its May meeting, the E.ON SE Supervisory Board appointed
Patrick Lammers as successor to Karsten Wildberger, who left the
Company in late July at his own request.

Nuclear Power/Residual Power Output Rights

In 2021, 13 TWh of residual power output rights were acquired from
the company that operates Kriimmel nuclear power plant ("NPP")
and transferred to Grohnde, Isar II, and Brokdorf NPP, which are
operated by PreussenElektra GmbH. This will ensure that these NPPs
can operate until the end of their legally mandated operating lives.


--- Page 3 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

The agreement on the implementation of the accelerated nuclear
phaseout after 2011 between the German federal government and
the country's NPP operators was enacted into law and carried out
by means of the transfer of residual power output rights, the federal
government's payment of compensation, and Vattenfall's repayment
of preliminary purchase prices to PreussenElektra.

Orano of France and the German federal government reached an
agreement to simplify the return of French reprocessed waste. The
agreed-on payments were made in the fourth quarter. It is foreseen
that the reduced number of containers will be returned by 2024.

Operations during the Covid-19 Pandemic

E.ON's top priorities during the Covid-19 pandemic are a secure
energy supply and the safety of employees and customers. E.ON's
power, gas, and heat networks, which secure the energy supply in
large parts of Europe, continue to run stably, even under difficult
conditions. E.ON was able to draw on previously prepared pandemic
and crisis plans, which it implemented accordingly. This included
updating risk assessments, adjusting rules in line with government
regulations, and conducting timely communications to promote
transparency and awareness regarding the Covid-19 pandemic and
E.ON's response measures. This has made it possible to maintain all
key functions. The most important measures included strict adher-
ence to hygiene and social-distancing rules as well as the isolation
of particularly sensitive work areas, such as network control centers.
In addition, technicians who do field work on the network have
special equipment to minimize the risk of infection.

In addition, one of E.ON's priorities is to help employees deal with
the pandemic’s impact. Where possible, the Company has therefore
made use of all forms of flexible working arrangements (such as

Combined Group Management Report 7

> Corporate Profile > Strategyand Innovation  -> Employees

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

home office and variable working hours) in order to accommodate
employees’ personal circumstances and needs. Covid-19 also made
it necessary to adjust meeting formats. Most meetings were held
virtually and still are. In addition, managers have paid even more
attention than usual to their employees’ well-being and, when needed,
have pointed them toward company assistance and support ser-
vices, such as a confidential personal counseling. Vaccination is the
principal way to protect oneself and others from infection with the
coronavirus. E.ON therefore offered vaccinations at many of its
offices and facilities. Employees and their families could receive a
first and second vaccination in the summer of 2021 and booster
vaccinations in the winter of 2021-2022. E.ON is comprehensively
fulfilling its social responsibility by offering a wide range of flexible
work arrangements, hygiene plans, and vaccinations, thus making
an important contribution toward combating the pandemic and
safeguarding employees.

E.ON's business and operating environment continues to be affected
by the Covid-19 pandemic. The implications and impacts will depend
on the emergence of new virus variants, the progress of vaccinations,
and the effectiveness of vaccines. E.ON continuously analyses the
risk situation resulting from the Covid-19 pandemic and, if necessary,
will take additional measures to contain the pandemic's impact.

There were no significant Covid-19-related implications for the
employment situation in the E.ON Group at any time in 2021.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

E.ON Propels Digitalization and Develops New Solutions

for a Digital, Sustainable Energy World

Since September 2021, E.ON has deepened its collaboration with
Microsoft and Wipro Limited to promote cloud transformation. The
aim of the collaboration is to make IT processes more flexible, to
increase operating efficiency, and to accelerate the development of
new solutions and services for customers and employees.

In September E.ON also entered into a cooperative arrangement
with IBM Quantum in order to propel the transformation of the
energy industry with quantum computing.

In addition, in September E.ON acquired a majority stake in Aachen-
based start-up gridX, the energy industry's leading provider of
smart-grid intelligence. The company develops digital platform
solutions that connect, control, and optimize distributed energy
resources, such as electric cars.

In December E.ON acquired a majority stake in software company
envelio GmbH. envelio is a specialist in digital grid management and
has developed an intelligent grid platform. This solution enables
grid operators to create a digital twin of their energy grid in order to
use real-time grid data to optimize grid planning and operations as
well as decision-making.

E.ON to Invest €27 Billion in the Energy Transition through 2026
E.ON presented its growth strategy through 2026 at its Capital
Markets Day in November. The strategy foresees continual increases
in operating earnings as well as dividends. E.ON for the first time
also extended its forecast timeframe from three to five years.


--- Page 4 ---

Q Search =< Back

= Contents

E.ON intends to increase EBITDA in its core business (that is, excluding
PreussenElektra's soon-to-be-discontinued nuclear energy opera-
tions) by about 4 percent annually to around €7.8 billion in 2026.
E.ON will lay the foundation for this ambitious growth by investing
a total of roughly €27 billion through 2026, of which about €22 bil-
lion will go toward expanding its energy networks, which are the
backbone of the energy transition, and €5 billion toward growing its
customer solutions business. In addition, E.ON intends to increase
its dividend by up to 5 percent annually through the 2026 financial
year and its earnings per share by 8 to 10 percent annually. E.ON will
propose a dividend of 49 cents per share for the 2021 financial year.

E.ON intends to carry out the entire growth program while main-
taining its strong rating and a debt factor between 4.8 and 5.2. For
this purpose, E.ON will further optimize its portfolio, through which
it expects to generate proceeds of roughly €2 to €4 billion in the next
five years. Portfolio optimization may consist of the divestment of
businesses that do not fit with the tripartite strategy of growth,
sustainability, and digitalization as well as selected partnerships.

2021 Employee Stock Program Launched

E.ON has conducted several employee stock purchase programs in
the past. E.ON continued this successful approach to employee
involvement and retention by launching the Employee Stock Pro-
gram ("ESP") in 2021 financial year. All employees eligible to partic-
ipate in the ESP are offered the opportunity once a year to purchase
discounted blocks of E.ON stock. Employees received a grant of
€360 for each block of stock purchased under the ESP and, if they
met certain eligibility requirements, an additional one-time grant of
up to €360 for the stock they purchased on September 30, 2021.

The ESP's purpose is to promote employee stock ownership and
employee retention. Consequently, stock acquired under the ESP is
subject to a blackout period (which ends on December 31, 2023)

Combined Group Management Report 8

> Corporate Profile > Strategyand Innovation  -> Employees

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

during which it cannot be sold. E.ON believes that stock ownership
motivates employees to assume more responsibility and identify
more closely with the company they work for.

Westnetz GmbH Sells Shares in Stromnetzgesellschaft Essen

In December Westnetz GmbH contractually agreed to sell 50 percent
of its limited partnership interest in the newly established Strom-
netzgesellschaft Essen GmbH & Co. KG to Essener Versorgungs- und
Verkehrsgesellschaft mbH effective January 1, 2022. Technical
assets, such as the low-voltage network of the city of Essen and
transformer stations, will also be transferred to this company. After
the transaction closes, these assets will be leased back to E.ON,
which will continue to be responsible for operating the network.
IFRS 5's criteria for these assets to be disclosed as held for sale were
met for the first time in the third quarter of 2021.

Reorganization of E.ON’s Business in Hungary

In early October 2019 E.ON acquired EnBW's 27-percent stake in
ELMU Nyrt. ("ELMU") and EMASZ Nyrt. ("EMASZ"). Subsequently,
E.ON, MVM Magyar Villamos Mtivek Zrt. ("“MVM," a shareholder of
ELMU and EMASZ), and Opus Global Nyrt. ("Opus") signed a frame-
work agreement. This agreement enables E.ON to give itself a bal-
anced and optimized portfolio in Hungary that will also make it pos-
sible to swiftly integrate innogy's operations there. The agreement
was fully implemented effective December 16, 2021, after clear-
ance by the relevant agencies. After the sales by E.ON, MVM holds
100 percent of distribution operator EMASZ, EMASZ Halézati Kft.
("EMASZ DSO"), and a 25-percent stake in EON Hungaria Zrt.
(including the acquired innogy holding companies, ELMU Zrt. and
EMASZ Zrt.). In addition, Opus acquired E.ON Tiszantuli Aramhalézati
Zrt. ("E.ON ETI"). EMASZ DSO as well as E.ON ETI were, pursuant
to IFRS, reclassified as a disposal group as of December 31, 2020;
both were part of the Energy Networks’ operations in Hungary.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

EMASZ DSO as well as E.ON ETI were deconsolidated in the third
quarter of 2021 following the transaction’s closure effective
August 31, 2021.

To further optimize E.ON's portfolio in Hungary, E.ON Hungaria Zrt.
signed an agreement with MVM on February 23, 2022, to sell

100 percent of its stake in E.ON Aramszolgaltaté Kft. ("EAS"). EAS
holds a regional universal service provider ("USP") license under
which it supplies electricity to customers in certain regions of Hun-
gary. As of December 31, 2021, the transaction was expected

to successfully close within the next twelve months. Pursuant to
IFRS 5, EAS's USP business, which is part of Customer Solutions’
Other unit, was therefore reclassified as a disposal group effective
December 31, 2021.

Sale of innogy eMobility Solutions GmbH

E.ON sold 100 percent of the shares in innogy eMobility Solutions
GmbH (“ieMS") to Compleo Charging Solutions AG effective
December 31, 2021. ieMS and its subsidiaries are active in eMobility,
particulary charging stations, in Europe. Until the date of the sale,
the company was reported in the Customer Solutions segment.

Planned Reorganization of the ZSE and VSEH Units in Slovakia
E.ON is in negotiations with the Slovak state on a further combina-
tion of the businesses of Zapadoslovenska energetika a.s. ("ZSE")
and Vychodoslovenska energetika Holding a.s. ("VSEH"). E.ON has
a 49-percent stake in each of the two companies, and the Slovakian
state has a 51-percent stake. VSEH, in which E.ON has control, is
fully consolidated and is part of Energy Networks’ East-Central
Europe/Turkey unit and Customer Solutions’ Other unit. The trans-
action is expected to successfully close within the next 12 months.
The implementation of the planned transaction would in the future
result in the VSEH Group's business operations, which previously


--- Page 5 ---

© Back

= Contents

Q, Search

had been fully consolidated, being accounted for in the Consolidated
Financial Statements using the equity method. Pursuant to IFRS 5,
the VSEH Group was therefore reclassified as a disposal group
effective December 31, 2021.

Management Control System

E.ON aims to further drive the sustainable path of the Company
and the European energy transition in the digital age. Following our
guiding principle “Connecting Everyone To Good Energy," we are
writing the next chapter of our company history. In doing so, the
long-term and sustainable increase in shareholder value remains
the focus of our strategy, which is geared toward growth, sustain-
ability, and digitalization.

Auniform Group-wide planning and controlling system is used
for the value-based management of our Group as a whole and its
individual businesses. This system forms the basis for a uniform
mindset Group-wide, while at the same time allowing targeted
steering impulses for individual business units.

In the past financial year, we further developed our management
system in conjunction with the further development of our strategy.
The revised management system has been in use since the begin-
ning of 2022. In addition to refining our most significant financial
performance indicators, we explicitly included non-financial key
performance indicators in our management system. These financial
and non-financial performance indicators are the compass for our
decision-making processes and enable a holistic view of our perfor-
mance.

Combined Group Management Report 9

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

Key Performance Indicators in 2021

In the 2021 financial year, the most significant key performance
indicators for the value-oriented management of our operations
were adjusted EBIT, adjusted net income, and earnings per share
based on net income ("EPS"), as well as investments and cash-
conversion rate. Furthermore, debt factor was a significant key
performance indicator in the past financial year.

Adjusted EBIT is an earnings figure before interest income and
income taxes that has been adjusted to exclude non-operating
effects. The adjustments include net book gains, certain restructur-
ing expenses, impairment charges and reversals, the mark-to-market
valuation of derivatives, and other non-operating earnings (see the
explanatory information beginning on page 66 © of the Combined
Group Management Report and in Note 35 © to the Consolidated
Financial Statements). Adjusted net income is an earnings figure
after interest income, income taxes, and non-controlling interests
that has likewise been adjusted to exclude non-operating effects
(see the explanatory information on page 67 © of the Combined
Group Management Report). It is the main factor determining earn-
ings per share ("EPS").

Investments are equal to the investments expenditures shown in the
E.ON Group's Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Cash-con-
version rate is equal to operating cash flow before interest and taxes
divided by adjusted EBITDA. The expenditures for the dismantling
of nuclear power stations included in operating cash flow before
interest and taxes are not factored into the cash-conversion rate.

Debt factor is equal to economic net debt divided by adjusted
EBITDA. Economic net debt includes net financial debt as well as
pension and asset-retirement obligations.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

In addition to these key performance indicators, the Combined Group
Management Report for the 2021 financial year includes other
financial and non-financial performance indicators that were not in
the focus of the ongoing management of our businesses in the past
financial year.

E.ON's Management System as of 2022

In the past financial year, we further developed our management
system and geared it strictly to our sustainable growth strategy.
As of the 2022 financial year, adjusted EBITDA, investments, and
earnings per share based on adjusted net income ("EPS") will be
used as the most significant indicators for managing our aspired
growth. The use of additional key financial and non-financial perfor-
mance indicators is intended to ensure that our growth is in line with
the various interests of our stakeholders. In particular, we focus on
our customers, employees, shareholders, and bondholders—always
in line with our environmental, social, and governmental responsi-
bility as a leading international energy company.

Many of these performance indicators have already been used in
the past to manage our businesses. However, by using adjusted
EBITDA instead of, as previously, adjusted EBIT, will enable more
precise management of our targeted growth while at the same time
focusing on the cash-effectiveness of our earnings. By including
significant non-financial performance indicators in our management
system, in particular sustainability indicators are now explicitly
anchored in the ongoing management of our businesses.


--- Page 6 ---

© Back

= Contents

Q, Search

The following chart summarizes the key performance indicators
used for management purposes.

E.ON's Management System as of 2022

Most significant performance indicators

+ Adjusted EBITDA
+ Cash-effective investments
+ Adjusted earnings per share based on adjusted Net Income ("EPS")

icant performance indicators

+ Total shareholder return ("TSR")
+ Dividend per share ("DPS")

+ Cash-conversion rate

+ Return on capital employed ("ROCE")

+ Debt factor

+ Carbon emissions

+ Proportion of women in management positions

+ Frequency of serious incidents and fatalities ("SIF")
+ Net Promoter Score ("NPS")

+ ESG ratings

+)

Other performance indicators

In addition to the management system, the compensation system
for the Management Board is also designed to support the imple-
mentation of our strategy and thus the long-term success of E.ON
through sustainable, long-term, and value-oriented management of
the Group. For this reason, the compensation of the members of the
Management Board has also been linked to the development of
selected key performance indicators. The new Management Board
compensation system has been in place since January 2022. For
more information, please refer to the Compensation Report starting
on page 105 ©.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile > Employees

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation

Most Significant Key Performance Indicators

With our focus on long-term, sustainable, and value-oriented
growth, the most significant performance indicators are the main
metrics for internal management and the assessment of our busi-
ness development and thus also the cornerstones of our forecast.

Adjusted EBITDA is an earnings figure before interest income and
income taxes that has been adjusted to exclude non-operating
effects. The adjustments include net book gains, certain restructur-
ing expenses, the mark-to-market valuation of derivatives, and
other non-operating earnings. Therefore, adjusted EBITDA is the
indicator of sustainable earnings capacity and the appropriate key
figure for the performance of our businesses.

Investments are still equal to the investments expenditures shown
in the E.ON Group's Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Invest-
ments are the engine for the future growth and digitalization of our
businesses as well as decarbonization. As a reflection of our strat-
egy, they therefore continue to be a key indicator for managing our
activities.

Adjusted earnings per share ("EPS") is equal to adjusted net income
divided by the weighted average number of shares outstanding. In
addition to operating earnings, depreciation and amortization, inter-
est income, income taxes, and non-controlling interests are also
included. This allows a holistic assessment of the earnings situation
from the perspective of the shareholders of E.ON SE.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

10

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Significant Key Performance Indicators

In order to adequately take into account the interests of our stake-
holders in addition to our focus on growth, our management system
also includes other significant key performance indicators. As a
customer-oriented company, the ability to acquire new customers
and retain existing ones is crucial to our success. Net Promoter
Score ("NPS") measures customers’ willingness to recommend
E.ON to a friend or colleague. The attractiveness of our company for
investors is reflected in total shareholder return ("TSR") and dividend
per share ("DPS"), which is part of TSR.

We have made sustainability the key to our corporate strategy. In
everything we do, we keep in mind the consequences of our actions.
The progression of our carbon footprint, the frequency of serious
incidents and fatalities ("SIF"), and the proportion of female manag-
ers are thus part of our management system. In addition, our ESG
ratings are incorporated into our management system. This provides
a comprehensive assessment of our actions with respect to environ-
mental, social, and governance aspects.

Solid financing of our business activities is of great importance to
realize our aspired long-term and sustainable growth in line with
the fulfillment of our financial ambitions. For this reason, cash-con-
version rate, which is an indicator of E.ON' ability to transform
operating earnings into cash inflows, and debt factor, which is a proxy
for our capital structure and ratings, continue to be significant key
figures in our management system. In addition, ROCE has been
included in the management system as a key performance indicator
to assess the efficiency of capital employed.


--- Page 7 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Other Key Performance Indicators

Alongside the performance indicators described above, other finan-
cial and non-financial indicators are also important for the success
of our business and our corporate responsibility. Operating cash
flow, power and gas passthrough, sales volume, as well as selected
employee-related information are examples of other key performance
indicators.

Strategy and Innovation
Strategy and Objectives

2021: E.ON Launches Offensive for Growth, Sustainability, and
Digi
The year 2021 was a year of fundamental redirection for E.ON.
Following the successful integration of innogy, in April 2021
Leonhard Birnbaum succeeded Johannes Teyssen as CEO. Two other
new Management Board members were appointed as well: Victoria
Ossadnik (for Digitalization) and Patrick Lammers (for Customer
Solutions). The new management team designed an updated strat-
egy to prepare the entire E.ON Group for the decade ahead. In 2021
E.ON moved forward on the sustainable course that it had set early
on and, as part of the updated strategy, defined new growth ambi-
tions. Its main focus was to propel socially responsible sustainability
and Europe's energy transition in the digital age. Both—the energy
transition and sustainability—are among the key drivers of future
growth in E.ON's core businesses: energy networks and customer

tion

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

~ Strategy and Innovation — -> Employees

solutions. Networks form the backbone of the energy transition and
make a significant contribution to its success. Sustainable products
and services for cities, municipalities, industry, and households
enable E.ON to support its customers on their journey to climate
neutrality.

The transition toward a new, climate-neutral, and distributed
energy world is accelerating and will also spur a decade of growth
for the entire energy sector. Being an energy company with about
51 million customers in Europe (including customers in Turkey and
at ZSE in Slovakia) will enable E.ON to benefit from this transition
and simultaneously to play a key role in shaping Europe's decarbon-
ization. A few months ago, E.ON aligned its strategy with three
priorities—sustainability, digitalization and growth—and set a new
course with a clear vision for the Company's future. In the years
ahead, E.ON will become the sustainable platform for Europe's
green energy transition. It will also use digitalization to master the
increasing complexity of the entire energy system.

Sustainability

Sustainability is the centerpiece of E.ON's strategy and the touch-
stone for all its future actions. One of E.ON's objectives is to propel
Europe's green energy transition and to help it decarbonize all the
way to climate neutrality. EON considers sustainability an opportu-
nity; most of E.ON's business is already sustainable. And E.ON is
equally sustainable as an organization. Consequently, our strategy
sets ambitious sustainability targets. E.ON aims for its Scope 1 and
Scope 2 emissions—the direct emissions that it can influence—to be

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

11

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

climate-neutral by 2040. Our network operations in Germany and
Sweden will be climate-neutral even earlier, by 2030. Ecological
power line corridor management and the protection of biodiversity
along high-voltage corridors has a high priority. In addition, EON
provides its customers with energy solutions and services that sup-
port their decarbonization journey and also offers them opportuni-
ties to switch from fossil fuels to green energy. E.ON will also build
infrastructure for supplying green gases and hydrogen. This will
help decarbonize sectors that cannot be electrified and propel the
transition toward new, carbon-neutral fuels and solutions.

More detailed information about sustainability at E.ON is available
in the Separate Combined Non-Financial Report starting on page
138 ©.

Digitalization

The transition toward a distributed, volatile, and networked energy
world will be accompanied by increasing complexity that can only
be managed through comprehensive digitalization. Digitalization is
thus an important lever in E.ON's growth strategy and the basis for
generating additional value in its core business over the long term.
E.ON's objective is to become a fully digital energy company and to
fundamentally transform its products, processes, and services into
data-driven and highly networked solutions. Our digital transforma-
tion is proceeding along four strategic pathways: optimizing internal
operations, engaging customers and partners, transforming and
developing new business areas, and enhancing employees’ digital
skills. The centerpiece of our digital transformation is a common


--- Page 8 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

technology platform ("CTP") for the entire Group. The CTP will serve
as the basis for standardizing and harmonizing all applications in
the E.ON Group necessary for the energy transition. It will enable us
to develop new digital energy solutions while maintaining the high-
est security standards.

E.ON is simultaneously developing a digital ecosystem called e.Hub.
The e.Hub ecosystem is home to a portfolio of energy solutions,
products, and services that can be connected and managed multi-
directionally. Examples of e.Hub digital solutions include cloud-based
sales platforms, eMobility charging management, and the manage-
ment of grid-connection services. E.ON will deploy these digital
solutions and services in its own operations and also offer a select
range to its customers. e.Hub is being developed as an open-source
ecosystem in which third parties can also scale up and market their
own software solutions. Every solution developed for e.Hub is also
part of the CTP and is being developed from the outset for use by
end-customers and enterprise partners.

Energy Networks’ top priorities include smartification, standardiza-
tion, and the development of new digital solutions—all with the
highest cybersecurity standards. Digitalization helps E.ON operate
its networks even more efficiently and optimally manage the grow-
ing proportion of renewables feed-in. The development of digital
solutions like smart eMobility charging solutions as well as smart
meters and other new services on both sides of the standard resi-
dential meter are also part of E.ON's growth strategy.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile > Strategyand Innovation — -> Employees

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

Growth

E.ON has two core businesses: operating power and gas networks
and offering a broad range of customer solutions. The two busi-
nesses complement each other amid the transformation of global
energy systems. They are also clear growth businesses that benefit
from the sustainable transformation of various customers and sec-
tors. This transformation—whose aspects include the increasing
number of renewables facilities and climate-friendly consumer
applications like electric cars, heat pumps, and decentralized stor-
age devices—expands E.ON's business opportunities as well.

Growth is necessary for business success. This success can only be
achieved, however, through sustainable growth that accords with
the EU's climate targets. That is why E.ON will make considerable
growth investments across the green, distributed energy world.
E.ON's growth strategy thus fits seamlessly with Europe's decar-
bonization ambitions. Electricity distribution networks will have to
be transformed to handle ongoing renewables expansion and the
increasing challenges this poses for network operations. Added to
this are necessary network expansion, digitalization, and modifica-
tions to satisfy evolving customer behavior. Altogether, this transfor-
mation is estimated to require substantial investments of €425 bil-
lion EU-wide between 2020 and 2030. In addition, the aggregate
energy demand of E.ON's customer groups will more than double
between 2020 and 2050. E.ON's strategy is for these reasons a
growth strategy, driven by the need for a sustainable transformation

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

12

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

of the economy. E.ON is aiming for earnings growth in infrastructure
and customer solutions, supported by continual efficiency improve-
ments. Efficiency is essential for successful, sustainable growth.
Our efforts in this area focus primarily on achieving operational
excellence. E.ON is also aware that its growth strategy can only be
achieved if it is accompanied by changes within the organization.
Comprehensive measures to promote cultural change, diversity, and
education are therefore integral to our strategy.

Earnings Growth in the Energy Networks Segment

The transition to a new, sustainable, and connected energy world
will require considerable investments in physical and digital assets.
This applies above all to energy networks, which are the backbone
of a successful energy transition, because they interconnect all sec-
tors and ensure a secure supply to customers in a complex energy
system. Ongoing renewables expansion in particular will require
grids to grow at a similar pace. Europe is expected to add more than
70 GW of renewables capacity by 2030, almost doubling its exist-
ing capacity. New network connections and connected load will
increase sharply amid the energy transition owing to changes in
customer behavior. Examples include the rising electricity demand
from industry, eMobility, and heat pumps. Investments in network
hardening and modernization are necessary to maintain supply
security and to be able to meet rising energy demand. Here, digitali-
zation will be the key to optimizing existing networks in order to
efficiently manage the scope of necessary network expansion. The


--- Page 9 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

energy transition alone therefore represents an unprecedented
growth opportunity for E.ON: for example, already around 20 percent
of Europe's renewables facilities are connected to E.ON's power
networks, which is a disproportionate density considering the total
area of E.ON's network territory. Consequently, this growth will be
accompanied by the suitable and sensible digitalization of the net-
work business, because this business represents both the core and
key driver of E.ON's growth strategy and the potential to generate
additional profits amid the energy transition. The use of smart-grid
technology like smart meters and smart transformer stations, the
integration of external data, the standardization of construction and
operating processes, and the use of a central data platform all offer
considerable potential. E.ON will acquire the capability to monitor
and control its distribution networks across all voltage levels in order
to optimize their operation. Sensors and smart metering and control
technology will enable real-time control of distributed generation
and consumption.

E.ON's existing gas networks will continue to play an important role
in the transformation of the energy system. In addition, E.ON will
actively enter the hydrogen business and, where possible, make its
existing gas networks hydrogen-ready. These investments will help
pave the way toward climate-neutral gas networks.

E.ON's proven capabilities along with the above-average efficiency
of its network operations will enable it to lead the necessary trans-
formation of the energy system. Eight of E.ON's nine distribution
system operators ("DSOs") in Germany have an efficiency rating of
100 percent, with three of them earning a super efficiency bonus.
A\LE.ON DSOs surpass the industry average.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

This is among the reasons why E.ON is one of Europe's leading DSOs.
E.ON has a regulated asset base ("RAB") of €35 billion, and its reg-
ulated business generates a large share of its EBITDA. E.ON's strate-
gic objective is therefore to remain Europe's leading energy and
infrastructure partner. To achieve this objective, E.ON will increase
its annual network investments significantly between 2022 and
2026. The Forecast Report contains details about planned invest-
ments starting on page 81 ©.

Earnings Growth in Customer Solutions Segment

E.ON's Customer Solutions segment focuses on energy sales, the
customer solutions business, and distributed Energy Infrastructure
Solutions ("EIS").

Power and gas retail sales is a scalable business model with low
capital requirements and focuses on private households and small
and medium-sized enterprises. E.ON's clear objective for this busi-
ness is to retain its roughly 51 million customers across Europe
(including customers in Turkey and at ZSE in Slovakia) in the long
term by offering them sustainable energy solutions and thus reduc-
ing their environmental footprint. To achieve this objective at com-
petitive costs, E.ON systematically pursues digitalization—which
promotes optimal operating efficiency and superior customer satis-
faction and loyalty (customer relationship management)—as well as
cross-selling opportunities. E.ON's solutions business focuses pri-
marily on the Future Energy Home (“FEH"), a portfolio of distributed
energy systems for households. They include self-generation of
green solar power, energy storage, heat, and eMobility solutions,
which enable this business to actively seize the aforementioned
cross-selling opportunities. The installation of suitable eMobility

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

13

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

infrastructure is therefore a key strategic priority. The eMobility
market is undergoing a transformation and is characterized by
robust growth: at least 15 million electric vehicles are expected to
be registered in Germany by 2030. Charging infrastructure, by con-
trast, is expanding at a much slower pace. E.ON therefore believes
the near term is the time for rapid growth activities, because all
attractive locations for charging infrastructure will presumably have
been allocated in the years ahead. E.ON's objective is to enlarge its
current market position and become one of Europe's leading opera-
tors of charging infrastructure by 2030.

The activities of Energy Infrastructure Solutions ("EIS") encompass
innovative energy solutions that help cities, municipalities, and
industrial customers achieve their climate targets cost-effectively.
E.ON aims for its EIS business unit to achieve additional growth and
become the preferred transformation partner for sustainable, inno-
vative energy solutions. EIS's leading market position across Europe
enables it to build on a strong customer base and also leverage its
regional presence as a foundation for additional investment-driven
growth. Its core business consists of a portfolio of solutions for
embedded power, heat, and cooling plants as well as solutions for
energy efficiency, decarbonization, and other energy services. E.ON
sees green hydrogen in particular as a key strategic growth oppor-
tunity in this space over the medium term and will establish a
hydrogen business unit to meet industrial customers’ increasing
demand for green gases in the future. E.ON assumes that by 2040
the demand for hydrogen will extend across the industrial, mobility,
heat, and electricity sectors and that hydrogen will thus play an
essential role in the climate-neutral energy system of the future.


--- Page 10 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

In the short term, E.ON will partner with its customers to move
forward with hydrogen projects that are already under way in geo-
graphically dense industrial regions—like the Ruhr region—and,

in the medium term, scale up the business unit internationally. Our
international footprint in Germany, the Netherlands, the United
Kingdom, and Sweden gives us an optimal platform for future hydro-
gen clusters in the North Sea region.

We believe that E.ON's entire Customer Solutions portfolio is thus
superbly positioned to propel the energy transition and satisfy the
increasing demand for sustainable solutions. All of this segment's
business units will benefit from the rapidly growing demand for
green power and gas across all sectors (households, transportation,
buildings, and industry).

Finance Strategy

The section of the Combined Group Management Report entitled
“Financial Situation” contains explanatory information about E.ON's
finance strategy.

People Strategy

The section of the Combined Group Management Report entitled
“Employees” contains explanatory information about the main
components of E.ON's people strategy as well as statements about
diversity at E.ON.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

~ Strategy and Innovation — -> Employees

Innovation

Innovations Propel the Energy Transition

Sustainability guides everything E.ON does, including the develop-
ment of innovations. Tomorrow's decarbonized, digital, and distrib-
uted energy system will be founded on innovative technologies and
new digital business models. E.ON has chosen to adopt a 360-degree
approach to innovation to achieve its objectives en route to a sus-
tainable energy world. This approach focuses on developing inno-
vations in-house as well as collaborating with partners worldwide.
E.ON has R&D, corporate, and startup partnerships with a wide
range of universities, institutions and companies, startups and
thought leaders. Its innovation approach is based on the belief that
“research generates knowledge,” “knowledge fuels innovation," and
“innovation propels growth." This is explained in more detail below.

Research Generates Knowledge, Knowledge Fuels Innovation
E.ON's partnerships with numerous universities and scientific insti-
tutions in Germany and around the world yield research findings that
generate more knowledge about the functionality of new technol-
ogies for the sustainable energy system. E.ON uses this knowledge
to develop innovative solutions for its energy infrastructure and
customer solutions.

Among the aforementioned collaborations, the Company's flagship
partnership is with the E.ON Energy Research Center (“ERC”) at
RWTH Aachen University. In 2021 the partnership was extended
for another five years, during which E.ON will particularly support

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

14

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

research projects in energy and sustainability research, energy sys-
tem analysis and optimization, smart grids, energy storage, energy
efficiency, electrification, and digitalization. Over this period, E.ON
will provide at least €10 million to fund joint research projects as
well as up to €0.5 million annually for non-profit projects. Since its
foundation in 2006, the ERC has set standards for interdisciplinary
and networked energy research. The results of many E.ON research
projects are made available to the general public as well.

In 2021 E.ON entered into another partnership by joining the Fore-
sight Academy, a cross-sector initiative to promote research into
the future. The academy brings together leading multinational
companies like Audi, Adidas, SAP, Deutsche Telekom, and Swiss Re
to collaborate in exploring future customer requirements, social
developments, technologies, and other topics from a variety of per-
spectives.

Long-term Partnerships Increase the Pace of Innovation

E.ON views the energy transition as an engine for innovation and
works with in-house and external partners to carry out its innovation
projects from both a technological and commercial standpoint.
These partnerships are a key factor in E.ON's successful deployment
of innovations. They encompass strategic investments in globally
leading startups through Future Energy Ventures ("FEV"), our ven-
ture capital investment platform; collaboration with these startups;
and alliances with top global energy companies, large companies in
other industries, and technology corporations.


--- Page 11 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Strategic Investments in Startups Ensure Access to New Technolo-
gies

E.ON works with leading startups worldwide through FEV. The aim
is to promote the continuous development of additional new busi-
ness models. Founded in 2020, FEV is recognized as one of the
largest and strongest corporate venture capitalist funds focused on
the energy transition. Climate50, for example, ranked it the world's
second most influential fund of this type. FEV invests in companies
with the potential to accelerate the transformation of the energy
value chain toward zero carbon and provide solutions for E.ON in
energy infrastructure and customer solutions. FEV's portfolio cur-
rently contains more than 50 startups.

The portfolio's acquisitions in 2021 included a majority stake in
Aachen-based startup gridX, whose solutions will be integrated
into E.ON's network and customer-solutions operations. FEV's suc-
cessful development also included completing the financing rounds
of several startups (including ev.energy, Bidgely ,and Buildots) as
well as successful exits (including Holobuilder and Waycare). These
divestments unlocked value and will enable the startups to maxi-
mize their potential with new strategic partners.

Advancing the Energy Transition with International Partners

Free Electrons is the world's leading energy accelerator program.
By facilitating collaboration between the most successful interna-
tional startups and leading utilities, Free Electrons aims to provide
innovative solutions for a decarbonized, digital, and distributed
energy system. Through this network, E.ON works closely with util-
ities from North America, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

~ Strategy and Innovation — -> Employees

Together, these utilities represented over 82 million customers
from more than 40 countries in 2021. Participation in the network
enables E.ON to gain access to startups and their technological
solutions for propelling the energy transition and also to benefit from
extensive experience sharing with other energy utilities from around
the world. The program focuses on pilot projects with startups as
well as the deployment and scale-up of solutions that can be imple-
mented significantly faster and more efficiently together. E.ON
successfully implemented two projects from this program in 2021.
It also collaborated with Irish energy supplier ESB.

Initiating and Embedding Startup Partnerships in the E.ON Group
E.ON also made successful use in-house of the ecosystem of leading
international startups that is has established in recent years. Access
to industry-leading innovations and new technologies enables E.ON
to quickly integrate market-ready solutions into the operations of
its network and customer solutions businesses. In 2021 more than
25 new projects with startups were initiated across the E.ON Group,
both in Germany and elsewhere.

Innovations Generate Growth in E.ON's Operating Business

The diverse structures that E.ON has established in recent years to
accelerate innovation are generating continuous growth in the EON
Group. The central Innovation department handed over 12 projects
to E.ON's operating business in 2021. These projects are expected
to deliver more than €185 million in sales over the next five years.
The innovation teams focused on developing innovations for industry,
eMobility, communities, energy networks, and customer solutions.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

15

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Digitalization and Energy Efficiency in the Industrial Sector

The digital transformation of the industrial sector experienced more
growth in 2021. E.ON is developing specific carbon-reduction solu-
tions for its industrial and commercial ("I&C") customers. These
solutions support the increasing tempo of digitalization at manu-
facturing companies and deliver on E.ON's ambition to accelerate
Europe's decarbonization.

For example, E.ON's I&C business has been very successful for several
years in offering companies operating large CHP plants a product
that enables them to monitor their production facilities and to use
predictive maintenance to maintain them cost-effectively. In 2021
E.ON's I&C business and central innovation team developed Inno
Plant Pulse, a new product variant that monitors energy-intensive
production processes that use compressed air, cooling, and process
water, thereby enabling customers to save more energy. These are
some of the specific ways E.ON helps its 1&C customers meet their
carbon reduction targets.

New Technologies Accelerate Growth in the eMobility Business

In 2021 Germany's eMobility market continued its robust growth.
More than 1 million electric cars are now on Germany's roads

(as of December 2021). A large and growing majority of Germans
are open to purchasing one. The resulting increase in energy
demand requires expansion and more efficient management of
charging infrastructure, areas in which E.ON has a leading position
in its European markets and aims to achieve significant growth.


--- Page 12 ---

Q Search =< Back

= Contents

New technologies are an important innovation driver in eMobility
as well. Dynamic load management ("DLM 2.0"), for example, can
make expanding EV charging infrastructure much faster and easier.
With DLM 2.0, the electricity available for a building's charging
points is variable. It is dynamically distributed between charging
points and factored into load management. For example, if con-
sumption in the building drops, more EVs are charged simultaneously
or at a higher charging rate. This optimizes individual charging pro-
cesses and makes full use of a building's available electricity capac-
ity, almost in real time. E.ON partnered with Aachen-based startup
gridX to launch a pilot project at its Essen headquarters. The project
enables dynamic EV charging at 60 charging points. Compared
with a conventional charging setup, around eight times as many EVs
can be charged during office hours without increasing the number
of charging points. ADLM 2.0 system ensures that there is always
sufficient electricity available for charging, while also avoiding load
peaks in the network and thus additional operating costs.

Using Mobile Storage Systems to Integrate More Renewables into
the Distribution Network

Progress in network digitalization and innovative options for storing
renewable and distributed energy will determine the success of the
energy transition’s implementation. Being one of Europe's leading
distribution system operators and energy suppliers gives E.ON the
ambition to continue propelling the transformation to a carbon-
neutral energy system from a leading position. E.ON's activities to
develop sustainable neighborhoods and new products and services
for energy communities give it access to new customer groups.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

~ Strategy and Innovation — -> Employees

In 2021 E.ON continued its ongoing innovation activities under
the lElectrix project, which is part of the European Union's largest
research and innovation program. E.ON and its lElectrix partners
have been developing mobile and flexibly deployable battery energy
storage systems ("BESS") since 2020. The purpose is to integrate
new green power facilities, especially large solar farms, into the
existing grid at short notice and at low cost, thus achieving rapid
progress in the energy transition across Europe. The costs of BESS
can be up to 80 percent lower than the costs of conventional grid
expansion. In 2021 two more mobile BESS were connected to
E.ON's distribution grid in Friedland in eastern Germany and Duzs
in Hungary.

New Customer Solutions Help Consumers Reduce Their Carbon
Emissions

E.ON's end-customers are also increasingly focusing on their carbon
emissions; rising electricity and gas prices in the fall and winter of
2021 have given this issue greater urgency. To meet this need, E.ON
is developing innovative solutions that give residential customers
transparency about their individual carbon footprint. This enables
them to better manage their energy consumption with the aim of
reducing it. E.ON is also breaking new ground in this area by creating
new customer experiences that provide its customers with inte-
grated energy management solutions for heat pumps, solar panels,
insulation, and EV charging in their climate-neutral homes. Con-
tinuing this trend, in the spring of 2021 E.ON launched Next Drive,
an innovative tariff and app package, in the United Kingdom. The
solution was developed in partnership with British startup ev.energy
and E.ON business units in several countries. Next Drive is an exclu-
sive E.ON energy product with which residential customers can
automatically charge their EV at home at the lowest electricity price.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

16

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Patents on New Ideas and Technologies Safeguard Future
Innovations

E.ON ensures progress toward its goals of sustainability, digitaliza-
tion, and growth in part by patenting inventions and managing its
intellectual property rights. E.ON’s central patent system protects
intellectual property, especially inventions of digital solutions for
technical applications. Patented and patent-pending inventions can
give E.ON a competitive edge over other market participants and
thus enable it to benefit from the economic advantages of protected
innovations. Inventions in network infrastructure, hydrogen tech-
nologies, and technologies for the decommissioning of nuclear power
plants accounted for a large share of activities in 2021.

Establishing a Global Innovation Community

The road toward a sustainable and digital energy world is laid in part
through collaboration in international innovation ecosystems. In
recent years, E.ON has built a platform for global collaboration
with partners on every continent. Amid the pandemic, E.ON created
a virtual forum for its innovation network where almost 5,000 mem-
bers currently meet at virtual events to discuss and exchange ideas.
In October 2021 E.ON hosted its second Energy Innovation Days, a
virtual energy and innovation conference that was one of the largest
of its kind in 2021. At total of 15,000 people from 110 countries
attended 33 sessions in which they listened to and engaged with
more than 80 international leaders, visionaries, and startup founders.
The conference focused on electrification, digitalization, and con-
nectivity en route to a sustainable and zero-carbon world.


--- Page 13 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Employees
People Strategy

In 2020 E.ON developed a new Group People Strategy ("GPS") to
support E.ON’s growth strategy and to bring E.ON's values to life.
The GPS serves as the compass to guide the Company's ongoing
transformation and promote its lasting success amid a continually
changing world. It ensures that E.ON can achieve its targets and
that its employees work in an environment that enables them to
deliver outstanding performances.

The GPS@E.ON pursues three Group-wide objectives. First, it for-
mulates a vision for everyone at E.ON, regardless of their role, team,
function, or business unit. It also identifies four high-impact people
priorities that foster employees’ engagement, development, and
performance. It therefore serves as a compass for existing and
future people initiatives and for prioritization and decision-making.

The four people priorities are central to GPS. They were developed
on the basis of extensive research and in consultation with HR
managers across the Group. They are:

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

¢ Future of Work: we foster the adaptation of a new mindset and
capabilities, making E.ON fit for the future of work.

¢ Diversity & Inclusion: we are inclusive and we champion differ-
ence, boosting our talent pipelines, individual growth, and team
performance.

¢ Sustainability: we focus on well-being, purpose and employability
to achieve our potential and maintain our performance ona
sustainable basis.

¢ Leadership: we encourage leaders to challenge and adapt their
behaviours, acting as role models towards all employees.

The GPS@E.ON defines three key ambitions for each of the four
people priorities. These describe in detail what we want to achieve
for each priority. The people priorities thus provide a framework
with clear objectives that promotes intraorganizational collaboration
on key issues and thus efficient use of resources and ensure a com-
mon, integrated approach.

These four priorities serve as a compass for HR work for the entire
Group and are brought to life through Group-wide and cross-
divisional HR activities, particularly through existing Group-wide
frameworks like the competency model Grow@E.ON. However,
the GPS's implementation approach is also flexible and modular to
accommodate differences between business units.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

17

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

In 2021 E.ON created four task forces to further implement the GPS.
Each addresses one of the aforementioned people priorities. These
cross-functional and diverse working groups initiated and propelled
corresponding projects. In line with the modular implementation of
the GPS@E.ON, the approaches developed in the task forces were
subsequently handed over to the business units for further specifica-
tion or will be continued in 2022 due to a project's scope.

Integration of innogy

Following the transfer of innogy employees to their respective
E.ON target companies, the focus in 2021 was on standardizing the
working conditions in the EON companies to which the innogy
employees were transferred. The standardization was also coordi-
nated with the local works councils according to a predefined
timetable so that all employees can work under the same working
conditions in 2022.

To standardize working conditions, EON concluded numerous
agreements with trade unions, the Group Works Council, and local
works councils at the collective bargaining, Group, and plant level.
The negotiations were again conducted under challenging conditions
owing to the Covid-19 pandemic. However, E.ON's proven social
partnership made it possible to hold constructive discussions and
to find good solutions that address the interests of the employees


--- Page 14 ---

= Contents

Q, Search

© Back

affected. The aforementioned cooperation between the Company
and employee representatives also made it possible for this standard-
ization process to be essentially of equivalent value for employees
and cost-neutral for Group companies.

E.ON has a long tradition of maintaining a constructive, mutually
trusting partnership with employee representatives. This relationship
lays the foundation for a successful social partnership, particularly
in a continually changing business environment.

Employer Attractiveness

Being an attractive employer means hiring and retaining the right
people for our company. Our growth strategy offers meaningful and
sustainable employment across all our business units. Our employees
will be the key to our success in the future as well. Their personalities,
capabilities, and experience make E.ON future-proof and unique.

We provide our employees with the best-possible support to propel
the energy transition: strengthening their capabilities for the future
of work, embedding diversity and inclusion in our DNA, and forging
a lasting partnership between our company and its employees.

Amodern work environment, individual development opportunities,
and a value-oriented corporate culture help ensure that all employees
at E.ON can achieve their potential. We offer our employees a com-
prehensive range of learning opportunities that are geared to their

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

needs and provide them with optimal support in their development.
Our hybrid and flexible working model enables our employees to
work from home or in the office. A wide range of offerings for health
and well-being support our employees outside work as well.

Diversity

Going forward, diversity will remain a key element of E.ON's com-
petitiveness. Diversity and a mutually appreciative corporate culture
promote creativity and innovation. Diversity is also a core E.ON
value. E.ON brings together a diverse team of people who differ by
nationality, age, gender, religion, physical and mental capabilities,
sexual orientation and identity, and/or ethnic origin and social back-
ground. E.ON fosters and utilizes this diversity and creates an inclu-
sive work environment. This is an important factor in business
success: only a company that embraces diversity and knows how
to benefit from it will be able to remain an attractive employer.

In addition, a diverse workforce enables E.ON to do an even better
job of meeting its customers’ specific needs and requirements. As
far back as 2006 E.ON issued a Group Policy on Equal Opportunity
and Diversity. In late 2016 E.ON along with the SE Works Council
of E.ON SE renewed this commitment to diversity. In April 2018 the
E.ON Management Board, the German Group Works Council, and

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

18

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

the Group representation for severely disabled persons signed the
Shared Understanding of Implementing Inclusion at E.ON, creating
an important foundation for integrating people with disabilities into
the organization.

In 2008 E.ON publicly affirmed its commitment to fairness and
respect by signing the German Diversity Charter, which now has
more than 4,000 signatories. E.ON therefore belongs to a large
network of companies committed to diversity, tolerance, fairness,
and respect. In addition, E.ON has been an active member of the
German Diversity Charter since 2020.

E.ON's approach to promoting diversity is holistic, encompassing all
dimensions of diversity. In 2021 the Company again implemented
numerous measures to promote diversity at E.ON. Fostering female
managers’ career development remains an important dimension.
E.ON set an ambitious target to increase the proportion of women
in management positions. By 2031, E.ON wants to bring the pro-
portion of women in management positions Group-wide to the
same level as the proportion of women in its overall workforce. At
year-end 2021, 32 percent of EON employees were women. E.ON
will increase the proportion of women in its talent pool accordingly.

In addition, E.ON is a member of Initiative Women into Leadership
(“IWiL"), a non-profit association to promote the continual develop-
ment of female leaders in Germany. The initiative's purpose is to


--- Page 15 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

recruit outstanding personalities from various social spheres
—including business, culture, the media, and science—to serve as
mentors to support highly qualified and successful women on
their way to the top. Having fulfilled IWiL's criteria, EON has also
been a Top Promoter of Female Fast-Track Leaders since 2021.

More information about E.ON's compliance with Germany's Law for
the Equal Participation of Women and Men in Leadership Positions
in the Private Sector and the Public Sector can be found in the Cor-
porate Governance Declaration beginning on page 96 ©.

Support mechanisms that address employees’ differing needs have
for years been firmly established at the E.ON Group. Examples
include mentorship programs for next-generation managers,
coaching, training to prevent unconscious bias, support for child-
care, and flexible work arrangements.

Diversity Award

In 2021 the CEO Award for Diversity and Inclusion was conferred for
the third time. The awards pay tribute to individuals and activities
across E.ON that are making a real difference in the areas of diversity
and inclusion. Employees were nominated in two categories: diver-
sity champion and diversity initiatives. They were judged by a panel
including CEO Leonhard Birnbaum as well as the Senior Vice Presi-
dent for Group HR/Executive HR, the Head of Talent Management,
Leadership Development and Diversity as well as members of the

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

SE Works Council. A colleague in the United Kingdom won the
champion award for establishing a Wellbeing Warrior network
and time-to-talk sessions at which colleagues and leaders share
personal stories on topics like isolation, disabilities, and LGBT+.
Diversity@EKN (e.kundenservice Netz GmbH) won the initiative
award for their dedication to give diversity greater visibility and
priority. Some finalists and past winners are named below.

Sponsoring Networks

In addition, the EON Management Board adopted several measures
to further promote diversity and inclusion. One of them is for board
members to personally sponsor a diversity network and for E.ON to
provide financial support. The networks that are sponsored for the
current year are:

Three dimensions/adaptABILITY, an initiative for disability and
mental health
(sponsor: CEO Leonhard Birnbaum)

LGBT+ & Friends, a diversity
2021 CEO Diversity Award
(sponsor: CFO Marc Spieker)

itiative that was the second-placed

Women@E.ON, which won the 2020 CEO Diversity Award in
employee network category
(sponsor: COO - Networks Thomas Kénig)

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

19

~> Risks and Chances Report
> Corporate Governance Declaration

> Forecast Report

Diversity@EKN, which won the 2021 CEO Diversity Award for the
best initiative
(sponsor: COO - Digital Victoria Ossadnik)

Diversity@Westenergie Metering, which won the Initiative
Diversity Award in 2020
(sponsor: COO - Commercial Patrick Lammers)

Diversity Measures

In March 2021 the E.ON Management Board adopted measures to
be implemented in the near term to promote diversity and equal
opportunity at E.ON in Germany. It recommended that the measures
be implemented, to the degree feasible, at E.ON units in other
countries as well. One example is the promotion of co-leadership, in
which two part-time managers share a leadership position, giving
them greater flexibility in balancing their professional and private
lives. Another flexible option is a part-time leadership position, in
which a manager works at least 80 percent, with full time as an
option. In addition, recruitment policies for management positions
will be adjusted so that at least one candidate on the shortlist is
from the underrepresented gender. Other measures include man-
datory diversity training for all managers (similar training modules
for all employees are also being planned) and workshops on using
inclusive language in job advertisements.


--- Page 16 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Workforce Figures

At year-end 2021 the E.ON Group had 69,733 employees in its
core workforce. Part-time positions were taken into account ona
pro rata basis. On balance, E.ON's workforce declined last year by
5,133 employees, or 7 percent.

These workforce figures do not include apprentices. At year-end
2021, 2,308 young people were learning a profession at E.ON in
Germany (prior year: 2,395).

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

~ Strategy and Innovation > Employees

The decrease in the Customer Solutions’ core workforce mainly
reflects restructuring projects, primarily in the United Kingdom and
Germany, as well as the sale of operations in Hungary, Belgium, and
the Netherlands.

The reduction in the number of employees at Corporate Functions/

Other resulted predominantly from voluntary terminations in con-
junction with the innogy integration.

Core Workforce by Country

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

20

~> Risks and Chances Report
> Corporate Governance Declaration

> Forecast Report

Geographic Structure

At year-end, 34,559 FTE, or 50 percent of all employees, were
working outside Germany, slightly lower than at year-end 2020
(52 percent).

Headcount FTE?

Core Workforce? Dec. 31,2021 Dec. 31,2020 Dec. 31,2021 Dec. 31, 2020
FTE Dec. 31,2021 Dec. 31, 2020 te% Germany 36,530 37,089 35,174 35,716
Energy Networks 38,032 39,066 3 United Kingdom 9,786 12,223 9,356 11,689
Customer Solutions 26,067 29,858 -13 Romania 6,999 6731 6.826 6575
Corporate Functions/Other 3,885 4,124 6 Hungary 5,607 7,965 5,590 7,940
‘Adjusted core business 67,984 73,048 -7 Czech Republic 3,018 2,958 2,999 2,943
Non-Core Business 1,749 1,818 4 Netherlands 3,016 3,290 2,645 2,844
E.ON Group 69,733 74966 -7_ Sweden 2,422 2,357 2,390 2,333
1Core workforce does not include apprentices, working students, or interns. This figure reports Poland eeey 1,824 1,848 1.810
full-time equivalents ("FTE"), not persons. Rounding differences are possible. Slovakia 1,594 1,590 1,589 1,587

Other 1,338 1,461 1,316 1,429

E.ON Group 72,169 77,488 69,733 74,866

The decline in Energy Networks’ headcount is mainly attributable to
the disposal of network operators in Hungary. The filling of vacancies
to meet regulatory and legal requirements, particularly in Germany
and Romania, had a countervailing effect. In addition, digitalization
and demographic programs caused the workforce to expand, as did
the establishment of business areas.

Core workforce does not include apprentices, working students, or interns. Rounding differences are possible.

2Full-time equivalent.


--- Page 17 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Gender, Age Structure, and Part-time
Employment

At year-end 2021, 32 percent of E.ON's workforce were women,
the same as a year earlier.

Proportion of Female Employees

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

~ Strategy and Innovation > Employees

Apprentices in Germany

E.ON continues to place great emphasis on vocational training for
young people. The E.ON Group had 2,308 apprentices in Germany
at year-end 2021. This represented 5.8 percent of E.ON's total

workforce in Germany, slightly less than a year earlier (6 percent).

Apprentices in Germany

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

21

~> Risks and Chances Report
> Corporate Governance Declaration

> Forecast Report

E.ON provides vocational training in about 20 careers and also
offers training and practically oriented dual work-study programs in
up to 25 degree areas in order to meet its own needs for skilled
workers and to take targeted action to address the consequences of
demographic change. In addition, E.ON offers young people the
opportunity to receive training to qualify for an apprenticeship.

Percentages Dec. 31,2021 Dec. 31, 2020
EnergyNetworks ===SOS=*~=<“C*~*‘“‘~*S*~<“‘s*~‘“‘S;:C‘“‘;‘SCSC*S*S Headcount Percentage of workforce
Customer Solutions 44 44 Dec. 31,2021 Dec. 31,2020 Dec. 31,2021 Dec. 31, 2020
Corporate Functions/Other 49 49 Energy Networks 2,064 2,098 74 76
Adjusted core business 32 33 Customer Solutions 65 59 10 08
Non-Core Business 4 14 Corporate Functions/Other 138 199 41 54
E.ON Group 32 32. _ Adjusted core business 2,267 2,356 6.0 6.2
Non -Core Business 41 39 2.2 2.0
E.ON Group 2,308 2,395 5.8 6.0

At year-end 2021 the average member of the E.ON Group workforce

was about 42 years old and had worked for the Company for 14 years.

Employees by Age

Percentages Dec. 31,2021 Dec. 31, 2020
30 and younger 20 20
31 to 50 49 50
51 and older 31 30

A total of 8,814 employees, or 12 percent of the E.ON Group work-
force, were on a part-time schedule at year-end 2021. 5,849 of
these, or 66 percent, were women.

The turnover rate resulting from voluntary terminations averaged
4.5 percent across the organization, which was higher than in the
prior year (3.5 percent).


--- Page 18 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Business Report
Macroeconomic and Industry Environment

Macroeconomic Environment

The global economy trended upward in 2021. The recovery’s pace
and scope depended on the success in combating the Covid-19
pandemic. Vaccination rates increased in advanced economies as
the year moved forward, leading to a faster economic recovery,
whereas access to vaccines remained limited in other regions,
including many emerging economies. This had an impact on eco-
nomic development as well.

Rising demand enabled industry in particular to recover from the
dramatic, pandemic-related slump of early 2020. The situation in
personal services, by contrast, remained difficult in 2021. China,
other Asian countries, and the United States benefited from high
demand for goods. U.S. production in 2021, for example, returned
to the level of 2019. Overall, however, the economic recovery was
tepid and its pace moderate. Experts expect this trend to continue.
After the number of people infected and ill with the Covid-19 virus
rose worldwide in the fourth quarter of 2021, some governments
again imposed limitations and restrictions. The omicron variant of
the Covid-19 virus was classified as a concern by the World Health
Organization in late November and continued to spread rapidly
after the New Year.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile © -> Strategyand Innovation  -> Employees

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

European countries experienced positive effects from the agree-
ment between the European Union and the United Kingdom on the
terms of future cooperation and the cost of Britain's exit from the
single market and customs union. The European economy proved
resilient overall in the second half of 2021.

GDP Growth in Real Terms in 2021

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

Annual change in percent

Germany
United Kingdom
Netherlands
Sweden
Eurozone

OECD

World

Source: OECD, 2021.

As the year progressed, the global economic recovery was accom-
panied by a rise in raw material and energy prices and by supply
shortages. The shortages, together with higher demand across all
economic sectors, led to a general increase in inflation rates, partic-
ularly from the fourth quarter of 2021 onward.

22

~> Risks and Chances Report
> Corporate Governance Declaration

> Forecast Report

The German Council of Economic Experts’ annual two-year forecast
predicted that Germany's inflation rate, for example, would be

3.1 percent in 2021 and 2.6 percent in 2022. The Federal Statistical
Office reported that Germany's inflation rate in December 2021
was in fact 5.3 percent higher than a year earlier; the inflation rate
in December 2020 had been -0.3 percent (owing in part to a tempo-
rary reduction in VAT for part of that year). The Council of Economic
Experts warned that extended shortages, higher wage settlements,
and rising energy prices harbor the risk that these price drivers,
which are usually only temporary, could lead to prolonged inflation.
Alongside higher prices for raw materials and intermediate products,
rising energy prices in particular caused inflation rates to increase.

After a first quarter hampered by Covid-19 restrictions, Germany's
economy gained momentum mid-year. The pace of economic
growth slowed considerably in the third quarter owing to global
supply shortages for intermediate products, which severely
impeded industrial production. According to the OECD, Germany's
gross domestic product ("GDP") increased by 2.9 percent in 2021.

Energy Price Developments

A combination of disparate factors sent energy prices higher in 2021.
The main cause was a tight supply of natural gas accompanied by
rising global gas demand amid the economic recovery. In addition,
wholesale gas and electricity prices increased owing to higher coal
and carbon prices.


--- Page 19 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

The primary reason for high gas demand was the economic recovery
after the first waves of the Covid-19 pandemic subsided along with
weather factors. The economies of China, other Asian countries,
and the United States purchased large amounts of gas. In addition,
Europe's renewables output declined owing to poor wind conditions.
Gas-fired capacity had to fill this gap in power output, but was only
available to a limited extent. Moreover, gas reserves had fallen in
the wake of a cold winter of 2020-2021, and Europe's gas storage
inventory had not been replenished in the summer of 2021 to the
degree it had in previous years. Even a major natural gas exporter
like Russia was not immune and initially focused on meeting its
increased domestic demand. In addition, some temporary gas supply
shortages resulted from maintenance work in the gas network.

High gas and electricity prices affected the European Union's mem-
ber states very differently. This is because the link between whole-
sale and retail prices differs by country. The impact that wholesale
prices have on consumers also depends on each country's regulatory
scheme and national energy mix.

The practical consequences of the increase in wholesale electricity
prices varied considerably. In September 2021, for example, average
electricity prices in Europe were between €50 and €196 per MWh,
depending on the country.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile © -> Strategyand Innovation  -> Employees

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

The paragraphs that follow will use the spot market and spot prices
to explain these developments.

The spot price for electricity in Germany averaged around €221 per
MWh in December compared with an average spot price of €38 per
MWh in 2019.

Wholesale gas prices also reached record levels at the end of the year
and remained at a high level. Spot natural gas prices in Germany
averaged €115 per MWh in December, more than €100 per MWh
higher than the annual average for 2020.

Price movements on other wholesale markets were similar. Forward
electricity prices for upcoming months, quarters, and years more
than doubled in the first half of December, but eased again slightly
after the Christmas holidays. Nevertheless, the average price for
year-ahead baseload electricity was €212.88 per MWh in Decem-
ber 2021, almost €90 more than in November.

The trend of forward gas prices was similar. Year-ahead gas averaged
nearly €88 per MWh in December 2021, €35 more than in November.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

23

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

The average carbon allowance price in December 2021 was about
€80 per metric ton, more than triple the average price in 2020.

The European Commission responded to rising energy prices across
Europe by issuing a communication on October 13, 2021, entitled
“Tackling rising energy prices: a toolbox for action and support.” It
explains what member states could do immediately under existing
EU law to mitigate the economic and social impact of higher energy
prices. The measures included:

* suspending or deferring electricity-bill payments

* providing income support to prevent disconnection

* using proceeds from the Emissions Trading Scheme ("EU ETS")
to ease the burden on consumers

¢ reducing energy taxes for vulnerable customers

* creating temporary state aid schemes for industry.

The European Commission also called on member states to invest
more to develop future-proof energy storage, trans-European net-
works, renewable energy, and energy efficiency. In addition, it
announced that it would examine the possibility of joint procurement
of gas reserves.


--- Page 20 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

The Commission's immediate measures also included closer moni-
toring of markets, while it also stressed that there is no evidence of
speculation by market participants. E.ON is skeptical of any addi-
tional regulation of energy markets in view of the possible conse-
quences for investment in the energy transition. It advocates the
rejection of measures that distort free price formation or restrict
free trade in energy.

Higher energy prices affected all markets in which E.ON operates
and had negative consequences for end-consumers. Some suppliers
in Germany, for example, terminated their customers’ contracts
because they were no longer able to meet their supply obligations.
A total of 41 energy suppliers in Germany had gone out of business
by the end of the year. The reason is that some energy suppliers
sometimes count on low wholesale prices so that they can offer
energy at the lowest possible price. As soon as the cost of procuring
gas or electricity rises, however, they quickly find they can no longer
supply energy to their customers at the agreed-on price.

E.ON, by contrast, adopts a long-term, foresighted approach to pro-
curing electricity and natural gas for its customers. This protects
existing customers from short-term price adjustments. Nevertheless,
E.ON too had to temporarily suspend the acquisition of new cus-
tomers in Germany in October 2021 in view of higher procurement
costs in its gas business. This did not affect existing customers,
and E.ON also continued to fulfill its role as a basic supplier. After a
few days, potential gas customers were also able to conclude new
contracts again.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

Tight energy markets severely impacted many U.K. consumers.

To provide some background, the British government announced in
2017 the introduction of a price cap for energy bills. It was imple-
mented by the Office of Gas and Electricity Markets ("Ofgem"), the
U.K. energy regulator, and took effect at the start of 2019. Ofgem
updates the price cap every six months. It sets a maximum rate that
energy suppliers can charge their customers for the use of gas and
electricity. Ofgem raised the cap twice in 2021. Due to its adjust-
ment methodology, however, energy bills in 2021 did not reflect
the considerable rise in wholesale prices. As a result, the standard
tariff with a price cap was the cheapest product on the market.
Energy suppliers who had not hedged sufficiently and were poorly
capitalized ran into financial difficulties because they had to procure
energy at higher costs. This led to nearly 30 suppliers going bankrupt
in 2021. E.ON acquired approximately 389,000 customers from
four suppliers that exited the market.

Most of the increase in wholesale energy costs in 2021 was factored
into Ofgem’s most recent price cap update, announced in February

2022. The energy bill for an average household will rise by 54 percent
to around £1,971 (€2,370) from April 1, 2022, onward. Ofgem made
anumber of proposals, including a revision of how future price caps
are calculated.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

24

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

In parallel, the British government announced measures to ease the
burden on households. A large portion of them are to receive £350
(€416) in relief to partially offset the price cap increase announced
by Ofgem. First, a large share of the population is to receive a £150
property-tax discount in April 2022. Second, all households are to
receive a £200 reduction on electricity bills payable in the fall. This
amount is repayable over a five-year period. Details on the imple-
mentation of the measures have not yet been determined.

E.ON welcomed the measures taken by the British government to

support customers. From the Company's point of view, the energy

crisis has made it clear that investment in energy efficiency must be
increased so that energy bills decline permanently and dependence
‘on gas is reduced.

In early 2022 rising energy prices became a topic of political dis-
cussion in Germany as well. Politicians from various parties along
with trade associations designed a range of proposals to relieve
the burden on consumers, including an early reduction as well as
the recission of the surcharge stipulated by the Renewable Energy
Sources Act (known by its German abbreviation, “EEG"). E.ON had
already advocated a reduction in the EEG surcharge in the past and
welcomes its recission, particularly from consumers’ viewpoint.
Many different factors beyond procurement costs influence the price
of electricity, including (even if the EEG surcharge is rescinded)
state-imposed taxes, regional network fees, and other levies and


--- Page 21 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

surcharges. It is therefore not yet possible to reliably predict how
much relief customers will receive (as of February 2022). The
current federal government's coalition agreement calls for the
EEG surcharge to be rescinded in 2023.

By contrast, the federal cabinet decided on February 2, 2022, to
provide a one-time heating cost subsidy for lower-income house-
holds. In view of the sharp rise in heating costs in the 2021/2022
heating season, a one-time subsidy adjusted for the number of per-
sons is planned for households receiving a housing subsidy. Draft
legislation is expected to be introduced in the Bundestag in March.

Energy Policy and Regulatory Environment

Global

The questions of by what means climate change should be slowed
and how quickly continued to shape the global energy-policy
debate in 2021.

The United States, under President Joseph Biden, rejoined the Paris
climate agreement at the start of the year. President Vladimir Putin
announced in October 2021 that Russia intends to be carbon-neutral
by 2060. Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced in October as
well that renewables would meet half of India's energy needs by
2030 and that the entire country would be carbon-neutral by 2070.

Participants at the G20 summit also stated their position on climate
change, but did not agree on specific measures. At their summit on
October 30 and 31, 2021, the heads of government of the 20 most
important industrialized and emerging countries pledged to achieve
carbon neutrality “by or around mid-century.”

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile © -> Strategyand Innovation  -> Employees

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

By contrast, the United Nations framework convention on climate
change, 26th conference of the parties ("COP26") in Glasgow, ended
with a new global agreement. Although not legally binding, the
agreement will set the climate protection agenda for the decade
ahead.

In the final declaration, called the Glasgow Climate Pact, countries
committed to a joint objective of stopping global warming at

1.5 degrees Centigrade compared with the preindustrial era. To this
end, the existing climate protection plans for this decade are to

be tightened by the end of 2022, three years earlier than previously
planned. The declaration also states that global emissions of climati-
cally harmful greenhouse gases ("GHGs") must decline by 45 percent
this decade if the 1.5-degree limit is to remain achievable.

Among other things, COP26 also set rules for a global carbon mar-
ket. The main issue was about projects to reduce emissions in one
country being used to meet the climate targets of another. Double
counting is supposed to be prevented in the future my means of
accurate allocation.

In addition, it was the first UN climate conference to produce a plan
to reduce coal consumption. Following an intervention by China
and India, however, participants agreed only to “phase down" coal
rather than to completely phase it out.

Funding to help economically weaker countries cope with the
effects of climate change and transition to clean energy is also to be
increased. This financial aid is to be doubled by 2025 onward, from
the current level of around $20 billion annually to $40 billion (about
€35 billion).

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

25

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Progress for developing countries was also announced by the LEAF
Coalition. LEAF, which stands for lowering emissions by accelerating
forest finance, is a global initiative of governments and corporations,
including E.ON. It announced at COP26 that it had mobilized $1 bil-
lion to finance measures to protect tropical and subtropical forests
and reduce deforestation.

Most of the governmental arrangements made at COP26 are con-
trolled by the countries themselves. Only some countries made their
pledges legally binding. Moreover, the pledges made in Glasgow are
not sufficient to actually limit the global temperature increase to
1.5 degrees. E.ON therefore believes that COP26 did not represent
areal breakthrough. Instead, it is imperative for climate protection
to shift even more resolutely into implementation mode.

The next UN climate conference, COP27, is scheduled to take place
in November 2022 in Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt.

Europe

The adoption of the European Climate Law in June 2021 made
Europe the first continent to make a binding commitment to climate
neutrality by 2050. The law also set a new interim target: by 2030,
the European Union intends to reduce its net GHG emissions by
55 percent relative to 1990; previously, the joint reduction target
was 40 percent.

On July 14, 2021, the European Commission presented its Fit for 55
package aimed at achieving the new climate target. It revises current
energy and climate legislation and contains numerous proposals
for measures to reduce GHG emissions in all sectors. It will therefore
affect all areas of the economy, industry, and society.


--- Page 22 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

The package builds on the Commission's European Green Deal from
2020. Fit for 55 reaffirms Europe's growth strategy to combine cli-
mate protection and prosperity. It links post-pandemic economic
recovery and the resilience of member states’ economic models to
climate and environmental protection; this is intended to give com-
panies planning security for investments.

Among other things, Fit for 55:

¢ reforms the EU Emissions Trading Scheme ("EU ETS") and
extends it to aviation

* creates an additional emissions trading scheme for the buildings
and transport sectors

¢ increases the proportion of renewables

sets stricter emission standards for passenger cars and light
commercial vehicles

¢ provides relief for consumers who are financially strained by
rising carbon prices

¢ revises rules for land use and forestry.

Overall, all measures aim to reduce GHG emissions across the board
and stimulate investments in climate-protection technologies.
E.ON welcomes the strong emphasis on climate protection. From
E.ON's point of view, however, Europe's legislation in particular gives
too little consideration to the significant role that energy infrastruc-
ture plays in the transformation of energy systems.

The European Parliament and member states began consultations
on the Fit for 55 package in the fourth quarter of 2021. Negotiations
and consultations with the member states on the various pieces of
legislation will continue in 2022 and probably beyond.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

The EU Taxonomy Regulation—which was published on April 21,
2021, and largely took effect on January 1, 2022—provides a foun-
dation for more sustainable economic activity. Supplementary reg-
ulations are foreseen. These include, for example, the question of
whether the taxonomy will treat nuclear energy and natural gas as
green technologies. The Commission proposed this to the member
states on December 31, 2021. This triggered a policy debate in the
member states that is not expected to be concluded until the second
quarter when the associated EU legislation takes effect.

The taxonomy, which was originally intended to align financial mar-
kets with sustainability, sets criteria for companies’ environmentally
sustainable activities. These activities—which include, for example,
the operation of production facilities—must promote climate pro-
tection or adaptation to climate change in order to be classified as
sustainable.

The taxonomy envisages the achievement of other environmental
objectives, without yet describing them in detail. It essentially requires
companies to disclose for 2021 how many of their activities were in
categories covered by the taxonomy. For the following year, they
will be required to report the proportion of their activities that are
or are not environmentally sustainable pursuant to the taxonomy
based on key performance indicators such as revenues, investments,
and operating expenses. The taxonomy’s purpose is to encourage
financial markets to invest and finance more sustainably. E.ON, a
company that propels the energy transition and has a sustainability-
oriented corporate strategy, welcomes the regulations; E.ON's
planned investments are already largely taxonomy-aligned.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

26

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

On December 15, 2021, the Commission presented another package
of measures to implement the European Green Deal. The Hydrogen
and Gas Market Decarbonization package aims to gradually replace
fossil gas with low-carbon and renewable alternatives in order to
achieve climate neutrality. The package contains numerous legisla-
tive proposals for, among other things, adapting internal gas market
rules (particularly with regard to hydrogen), reducing methane
emissions in the energy sector, and enhancing the energy efficiency
of buildings.

Germany

In addition to dealing with the Covid-19 pandemic, climate protec-
tion was a dominant topic of policy debate in Germany as well. On
March 24, 2021, the German Federal Constitutional Court ruled that
the Climate Protection Act of 2019 (German abbreviation: "KSG")
was partially unconstitutional; it published the ruling on April 29,
2021. The German federal government and parliament subsequently
adopted amendments for key aspects of KSG 2019. Their purpose
is for Germany to achieve climate neutrality faster than previously
planned. Climate neutrality is to be achieved by 2045, and the GHG
reduction target for 2030 was raised to 65 percent. In addition,
separate targets for 2030 were set for individual sectors of the
economy. Non-sector-specific carbon reduction targets were set
for 2031 to 2040. Other amendments included targets for the
federal government's investment and procurement projects so that
they too help reduce GHG emissions

To achieve the new and more ambitious climate targets, alongside
the KSG the German federal government that was initially in office
in 2021 adopted a German Climate Package. One of its aims is to
raise carbon prices. However, no specific figure or date was stipu-
lated. Another aim is to accelerate renewables expansion as well as


--- Page 23 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

the ramp-up of hydrogen. For this purpose, an Immediate Action
Program for 2022 with a budget of €8 billion was launched as well,
although it has no practical relevance because actual spending levels
will not be set until the 20th legislative period (this began with the
inaugural session of the 20th German Bundestag on October 26,
2021). The federal cabinet is expected to revisit the contents of the
Immediate Action Program in its draft for the 2022 federal budget.

In 2021 lawmakers also amended various sections of the Energy
Industry Act (German abbreviation: “EnWG"). These relate to
aspects of energy infrastructure and power generation, but also to
customer-related solutions and thus the relationship between
energy suppliers and consumers.

For example, energy providers will be subject to additional informa-
tion and transparency requirements. In the future, contracts will
have to be in text form across all sales channels. This eliminates the
possibility of concluding contracts verbally or by telephone. However,
it also creates new legal uncertainties for online contracts.

The EnWG amendments relating to electricity networks include
the remuneration of network investments, increased transparency
obligations for the publication of network data, and new rules for
managing network bottlenecks (redispatch). Redispatch involves
network operators modifying the power fed into the high-voltage
network by power plants with the aim of avoiding overloads in the
network. From October 1, 2021, the revised rules require all voltage
levels of the network to be integrated and that smaller storage and

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

generation facilities (including renewable generation and CHP facil-
ities) with more than 100 kW or controllable feed-in facilities with
5.6 kW or more to be included in the redispatch process.

The financial conditions of the respective regulatory period are
important for network operators in Germany, as they affect their
investments in network expansion in the years ahead. This applies
in particular to power distribution networks, which form the back-
bone of the energy transition. To set the return on investment ("ROI")
for the fourth regulatory period (2023 to 2027 for gas, 2024 to
2028 for electricity), the German Federal Network Agency (German
acronym: “BNetzA") initially commissioned several expert opinions
and then conducted a consultation process. The BNetzA subse-
quently set the ROI for new assets (capitalized from 2006 onward)
at 5.07 percent and for old assets (capitalized before 2006) at

3.51 percent; both figures are before corporate tax. The new ROIs are
therefore significantly lower than those for the current regulatory
period (6.91 percent for new assets and 5.12 for old assets). The
BNetzA justifies this reduction mainly by the general decline in inter-
est rates, which is reflected above all in the risk-free interest rate.

E.ON's distribution network operating companies initiated legal
action against the ROI set for the fourth regulatory period, because
the expert opinions obtained by the BNetzA show that, among
other things, the calculation of the market risk premium was incor-
rect. To ensure the investments in distribution networks needed
for the energy transition, Germany's regulatory scheme must be
competitive internationally.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

27

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

The Miinster Higher Administrative Court's ruling of March 4, 2021,
temporarily suspended the market declaration and thus the rollout
of smart meters. As part of the amended EnWG, amendments were
therefore also made to the Metering Point Operation Act (German
abbreviation: “MsbG"). The amendments are an important step for
the energy industry to regain legal certainty with regard to the roll-
out and to accelerate the digitalization of the energy transition.

A regulation passed simultaneously with the EnWG will in the
future exempt green hydrogen (that is, H, produced with renewable
electricity) from the EEG surcharge. This is intended to spur the
expansion of hydrogen. However, this regulation is subject to the
provisions of European law.

Aruling by the European Court of Justice ("ECJ") also has an impact
on the regulatory environment for network operators. In infringe-
ment proceedings against Germany, the ECJ ruled on September 2,
2021, that Germany was in breach of the EU Energy Directive (EU
RL 2019/944) and that the BNetzA was not acting independently
enough. The ECJ ruling only affects the future; all decisions previ-
ously made by the BNetzA remain valid. The ruling will necessitate
reforms to parts of Germany's energy law. Germany's previous reg-
ulations will nevertheless remain applicable until new legislation is
passed. A transition period of around 18 to 24 months is expected
until a new legal framework takes effect.

The elections for the 20th German Bundestag on September 26,
2021, led to the creation of a new federal government consisting of
three parties (SPD, Biindnis 90/the Greens, FDP). Climate protection
is one of the focal points of the new coalition. The coalition agree-
ment includes, among other things, the following points:


--- Page 24 ---

© Back

= Contents

Q, Search

Renewables expansion is to be accelerated by means of higher ten-
der amounts, power purchase agreements ("PPAs", which are con-
tracts between electricity producers and consumers), Europe-wide
trade in guarantees of origin for green electricity, and the systematic
removal of hurdles to the construction of generation facilities. The
overarching target is for renewables to account for 80 percent of
Germany's electricity consumption by 2030, based on anticipated
consumption of between 680 and 750 TWh. E.ON believes this
target should be welcomed; it is important, however, for networks
to be expanded and modernized in synch with renewables growth.

Germany's coal phaseout is to be moved forward. Specifically, it
was agreed that the review of the end date for the decommission-
ing of lignite- and hard-coal-fired power plants after 2030, which
the law sets at 2026, will be moved forward by over three years to
the end of 2022. Climate protection targets set by the previous
government—1.5 degrees Centigrade and climate neutrality by
2045—remain in place. An emergency climate protection program
is to get measures under way. Gas-fired power plants are recognized
as necessary “until security of supply is ensured by renewables.”

The price of carbon remains the central control mechanism for
climate protection. The coalition intends to advocate a minimum
carbon price in the EU ETS and the creation of a second European
emissions trading scheme for heat and mobility.

The coalition agreement emphasizes the importance of faster net-
work expansion. Planning of network infrastructure is to be carried
out with foresight. The BNetzA and network operators are to develop
aplan for a “climate-neutral network." The plan's details were not
initially known. From E.ON's point of view, the emphasis on the

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

importance of attractive conditions for investments in network
infrastructure relative to the rest of Europe should in any case be
welcomed.

Planning and approval processes are to be shortened. The coalition
agreement says this will halve their duration and is to be implemented
in the government's first year in office. Although these aspects have
not been specified, this announcement is to be welcomed in the
interests of climate protection.

Among the agreements contained in the coalition agreement are
the following:

¢ The price of electricity for consumers is to fall. For this purpose,
EEG funding will come from the federal budget rather than a
surcharge from 2023 onward. There are discussions about mov-
ing this measure forward to ease the burden of higher electricity
prices on consumers; a decision and legislation are not expected
until the second quarter of 2022.

¢ Areform of network fees is also foreseen.

¢ Germany is to become the pacesetting market for hydrogen
technologies by 2030; for this purpose, its national hydrogen
strategy is to receive an “ambitious update”. Hydrogen network
infrastructure as well as green-hydrogen production are to be
promoted.

¢ Atleast 15 million electric cars are to be registered by 2030. The
coalition declared its support for the EU's goal of allowing only
carbon-neutral vehicles to be registered from 2035 onward.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

28

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

« 50 percent of heat is to be climate-neutral by 2030; to achieve
this, the requirements for new residential construction are to be
tightened. Newly installed heating systems are to be required to
run on at least 65 percent renewables from 2025 onward.

¢ The coalition agreement also identifies digitalization (such as
artificial intelligence, quantum technology, and data-based
solutions) as a key area for the future. The government plans to
introduce an additional digital budget for this purpose, and all
future laws are to be subjected to a digitalization check in the
future.

¢ The proportion of renewables in gross electricity consumption
is to be increased to 80 percent; the EEG currently foresees
65 percent.

Most of the projects related to energy policy and climate protection
are in line with the growth strategy E.ON published on November 23,
2021. E.ON thus expressly supports more ambitious climate targets
and intends for the innovative solutions of its Energy Networks and
Customer Solutions segments to promote this plan.

As provided for in the 13th amendment to the Atomic Energy Act,
three nuclear power plants ("NPPs") were decommissioned on
December 31, 2021. Alongside Gundremmingen C, they were
Brokdorf and Grohnde NPPs operated by E.ON's PreussenElektra
subsidiary. Isar 2, which is operated by PreussenElektra, and
Germany's other remaining NPPs (Emsland and Neckarwestheim)
will end operation at year-end 2022. The closure of the last plants
will complete the political decision Germany made in 2011 to phase
out nuclear energy.


--- Page 25 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

United Kingdom

The Covid-19 pandemic severely impacted the United Kingdom in
2021 as well. The successful introduction of vaccines enabled large
parts of the economy to get back on track. After a sharp downturn
in 2020, the economy grew by around 6.5 percent in 2021. Dra-
matically higher energy costs became a key political issue. Energy
suppliers with a low equity ratio and inadequate risk management
were no longer able to supply energy to their customers at the con-
tractually agreed-on price. As a result, numerous suppliers had to
cease operations. The energy regulator, the Office of Gas and Elec-
tricity Markets ("Ofgem"), responded in November 2021 by submit-
ting a series of proposals under which companies would be subject
to stricter rules and controls. The U.K. government also published a
net-zero strategy. Government advisors consider it to be a viable
roadmap for the United Kingdom to achieve its 2050 climate tar-
gets. The strategy focuses on creating a regulatory framework and
encouraging private-sector investment but includes only limited
public funding.

Netherlands

Anew government made up of the previous coalition partners was
formed just before Christmas. The new coalition agreement includes
acommitment to more renewable energy generation, more hybrid
heat pumps, and the construction of two NPPs. It also sets a target
for the Netherlands to reduce its carbon emissions by 55 percent
by 2030.

The Dutch cabinet earmarked €3.2 billion to support primarily
private households that could no longer pay all or part of their bills
because of higher energy prices. Legislation such as a clean energy
package, a heating law, and a roughly €500 million energy-conser-
vation package are expected to take effect at the beginning of 2022.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

Italy

Anew government supported by a broad majority took office in Italy
in January 2021. It is led by Mario Draghi, former president of the
European Central Bank. The new government established a Ministry
for Ecological Transition. The new ministry combines responsibilities
for the energy sector that were formerly assigned to the Environment
Ministry and the Ministry for Economic Development.

In November 2021 parliament approved the transposition of EU
directives on renewable energy and the internal electricity market
into Italian law. The budget law extended tax credits through 2022
to increase the energy efficiency of residential buildings. It also
extended through 2023 a scheme that provides incentives for com-
prehensive building renovations.

To mitigate the impact of high energy prices on end-consumers,
Italy set aside around €3 billion, part of which comes from revenue
from emissions trading, to reduce electricity and gas network fees
and the VAT on gas. It will also provide more support for low-income
consumers.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

29

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Sweden

A vote of no confidence against the minority government of Social
Democrats and Greens was held in June. The opposition did not
succeed in forming a government, and so the previous government
initially returned to office. The prime minister resigned in November,
and a new Social Democratic government was confirmed at the end
of November.

High electricity prices were a key topic of the energy policy debate
in Sweden as well, with the country’s four existing price zones
frequently being called into question. In September 2021, for
example, the price level in southern Sweden was more than twice
as high as in the North.

An amendment to electricity network regulation took effect on
June 1, 2021. The Ministry of the Environment is currently working
onan electrification strategy. The Ministry of Infrastructure has
established an electrification committee for the transport sector,
which will serve until the end of 2022.

Sweden's Covid-19 pandemic restrictions were less stringent than
in other countries, and many measures were lifted at the end of
September 2021.

East-Central Europe

Anew energy law In the Czech Republic that was due to take effect
in 2023 will be delayed yet again. Elections changed the balance of
power in parliament. This is expected to lead, among other things,
to a revision of the country’s climate and energy strategy, which is
likely to include discussions on new NPPs. High energy prices also
dominated the Czech Republic's debate on energy-system transfor-
mation.


--- Page 26 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

As part of the agreements concluded in 2019 between E.ON, MVM,
and Opus Global, E.ON restructured its activities in Hungary's
energy market; this process was largely completed in 2021. New
regulatory periods for network fees began in 2021 for electricity
networks (on April 1) and for gas networks (on October 1); rules for
greater energy efficiency took effect on January 1, 2021. Despite
increased electricity consumption, the government announced that
it would maintain state-regulated retail electricity prices at current
levels. The government also introduced subsidies aimed at increas-
ing the country's solar capacity by 200 MW.

Areform of Poland's coal sector was not completed in 2021 owing
to the resignation of a senior government official; in addition, the
Minister of Climate and Environment was replaced in a government
reshuffle in late October. Because the European Commission con-
sidered Poland to be in violation of rule of law principles, funds from
the EU recovery plan were withheld.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile © -> Strategyand Innovation  -> Employees

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

In November 2021 Croatia's parliament passed a new Electricity
Market Act that paves the way for a transition to cleaner energy
and transposes the EU directive on common rules for the internal
electricity market. A new Energy Efficiency Act took effect the pre-
vious April. Renewables legislation is expected.

Several energy suppliers in Slovakia became insolvent, with the
result that 300,000 customers had to be served by other suppliers.
Amendments to laws on the energy market and support for renew-
ables were debated but not adopted.

Slovenia held the EU Council Presidency in the second half of 2021,
which, under the motto “Together. Resilient. Europe,” it dedicated to
the EU's economic recovery process. The government announced
the introduction of energy vouchers for vulnerable customer groups,
but by year-end had otherwise not taken any specific action against
the rise in energy prices.

Romania's government did take action against rising energy prices,
which were already among Europe's highest. However, industry and
business associations heavily criticized the aid measures, which they
considered too complex. The bureaucratic rules affect the energy
industry as well. Anew government took office in late November
2021 after the previous governing coalition collapsed. A notable
feature of the coalition agreement is that the two major parties will
take turns appointing the prime minister, with a rotation scheduled
for May 2023. In October 2021 the former government had pub-
lished a national energy and climate protection program, which the
European Commission contested because it did not accord with EU
measures.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

30

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Business Performance

E.ON surpassed several forecast metrics for the 2021 financial year,
after increasing its full-year forecast significantly in August. The
adjustment was attributable to the implementation of the public-
law agreement of March 25, 2021, between the German federal
government and the country's nuclear power plant operators. In
this context, previous purchases of residual power output rights
were refunded. This resulted in a positive effect of roughly €0.6 bil-
lion, which was the reason for the increased forecast. E.ON raised
its forecast range for adjusted EBIT for the 2021 financial year from
€3.8 to 4.0 billion to €4.4 to 4.6 billion. It also raised the forecast
range for adjusted net income, from €1.7 to 1.9 billion to €2.2 to
2.4 billion. E.ON surpassed its revised guidance in particular owing
to PreussenElektra's strong earnings performance. The main driv-
ers were higher sales prices in the second half of the year and high
capacity utilization at the remaining power plants. E.ON's core
operating business also delivered a positive performance, owing in
part to cost savings and higher sales volume in almost all regional
markets.


--- Page 27 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Sales in the 2021 financial year increased by €16.4 billion to €77.4 bil-
lion. Sales rose in particular at the Customer Solutions segment.
The increase is partially attributable to the settlement of commodity
derivatives. In addition, sales volume was higher in nearly all E.ON
markets due primarily to cooler weather. The passthrough of higher
cost components, in particular in Germany and the United Kingdom,
was another positive factor.

Adjusted EBIT for the E.ON Group of €4.7 billion was about €1 billion
above the prior-year figure and thus slightly above the forecast
range of €4.4 to €4.6 billion. Energy Networks recorded adjusted
EBIT of €3 billion, which was within the forecast range of €2.9 to
€3.1 billion. Customer Solutions’ adjusted EBIT of about €0.9 billion
was also within the forecast range of €0.8 to €1 billion. Adjusted
EBIT recorded under Corporate Functions/Other of -€321 million
reflects the forecast of roughly -€0.3 billion. Non-Core Business
posted adjusted EBIT of €1.1 billion, which was slightly above the
forecast range which had been adjusted to €0.8 to €1 billion in
August 2021. Adjusted net income of €2.5 billion was around

€1 billion above the prior-year level and therefore likewise slightly
above the forecast range of €2.2 to €2.4 billion. Earnings per share,
which are based on adjusted net income, amounted to €0.96 in the
reporting period (prior year: €0.63). In E.ON's core business, this
positive performance was partly attributable to higher power and
gas sales volume due to cooler weather in almost all its markets.
Cost savings, particularly at the U.K. sales business, contributed to
the earnings improvement as well.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

In addition, E.ON recorded a cash-conversion rate ("CCR") of

80 percent in the 2021 financial year. This is attributable in part to
operating effects and changes in working capital. E.ON had planned
to achieve an average CCR of about 100 percent for the 2021 to
2023 financial years and expects to achieve it. CCR is equal to oper-
ating cash flow before interest and taxes (€5.6 billion) divided by
adjusted EBITDA (€7.9 billion), without factoring in payments for
the dismantling of nuclear power stations (roughly -€0.7 billion).

Cash-effective investments of €4.8 billion were significantly above
the prior-year level of €4.2 billion, albeit slightly below the forecast
figure of €4.9 billion. Energy Networks’ investments of €3.5 billion
were above the forecast figure of €3.3 billion. Customer Solutions’
investments of €0.7 billion were below the forecast figure of €1 bil-
lion. The deviation is largely attributable to a delay in the implemen-
tation of Energy Infrastructure Solutions’ projects due to Covid-19.
Investments of €0.2 billion at Corporate Functions/Other were in
line with the forecast figure. Non-Core Business's investments of
€0.3 billion were slightly below the forecast figure of €0.4 billion.

Cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations of
€4.1 billion was considerably below the prior-year level (€5.3 billion).
Temporary working capital effects at the balance-sheet date at the
Energy Networks segment constituted the principal reason. This
was partially counteracted by an improvement in EBITDA resulting
from the refund of previous payments to acquire residual power
output rights.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

31

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Acquisitions, Disposals, and Discontinued Operations in 2021

In 2021 E.ON executed the following significant transactions and
made the following reclassifications pursuant to IFRS 5. Note 5
to the Consolidated Financial Statements contains detailed infor-
mation about them:

¢ Disposal of 100 percent of innogy's eMobility activities in Europe

« Westenergie AG's consortium agreement with RheinEnergie
and the reclassification of the stake in Stadtwerke Duisburg
as an asset held for sale

¢ Reclassification of the contributed assets of Stromnetz-
gesellschaft Essen, part of which is to be disposed of, as assets
held for sale

¢ Reclassification of VSEH as a disposal group due to the planned
combination with ZSE in Slovakia

* Sale of the retail business in Belgium

¢ Sale of the sales business to industrial customers (“B2B")
in the Netherlands

¢ Sale of the universal service provider ("USP") business in
Hungary and thus its reclassification as a disposal group

¢ Sale of the biogas business in Sweden.

Cash provided by investing activities of continuing operations
included cash-effective disposal proceeds totaling €1 billion in
2021 (prior year: €2.8 billion).


--- Page 28 ---

32

= Contents Q Search << Back Combined Group Management Report
> Corporate Profile > Strategy and Innovation © -> Employees > Business Report > ForecastReport > Risks and Chances Report
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process > Disclosures Regarding Takeovers -> Corporate Governance Declaration
Earnings Situation Sales
Fourth quarter Full year
Sales
- . ” €in millions 2021 2020 +/-% 2021 2020 +/-%
Sales in the 2021 financial year rose by €16.4 billion year on year to
€77 billion Energy Networks 5,005, 5,047 -1% 18,273 17,936 2%
‘ : Customer Solutions 23,244 14,217 63% 61,507 48,659 26%
Energy Networks’ sales of €18.3 billion were €0.3 billion above the Non-Core Business Ge) 360 55% afen 1,388 18%
prior-year figure. The improvement resulted in part from cooler Corporate Functions/Other 8,624 1,762 389% 17,265 2,755 527%
weather and the recovery from the Covid-19 pandemic's adverse Consolidation -8,161 -3,756 117% -21,319 -9,794 -118%
economic repercussions in 2020. The inclusion of VSEH's network E.ON Group 29,271 17,630 66% 77,358 60,944 27%

business in Slovakia for the entire year was also a positive factor.

Customer Solutions’ sales rose by €12.8 billion to €61.5 billion. The
increase in sales mainly reflected the settlement of derivatives amid
higher prices on commodity markets (€4.9 billion). Also, sales volume
rose in nearly all EON markets owing primarily to cooler weather.
In addition, the passthrough of increased cost components led to
higher sales in Germany and the United Kingdom. The inclusion of
VSEH in Slovakia for the entire year was another positive factor.

By contrast, changes in the customer portfolio, in part in Germany,
led to a volume-driven decline in sales.

Sales at Non-Core Business rose by €0.2 billion year on year to
€1.6 billion. Higher sales prices in the second half of the year and
high utilization rates of nuclear power plants ("NPPs") were the main
drivers. This was partially offset because a portion of the refunds
were passed through to the minority shareholders of E.ON's jointly
owned NPPs. The refunds of previously purchased residual power
output rights resulted from the implementation of the public law
agreement of March 25, 2021, between the German federal govern-
ment and the country’s NPP operators.

Sales recorded at Corporate Functions/Other of €17.3 billion

were €14.5 billion above the prior-year figure. The increase is mainly
attributable to the establishment of E.ON Energy Markets, a new
central commodity procurement unit that began operating in Octo-
ber 2020. Its business activities on commodity markets amid rising
prices and the settlement of derivatives (€3.3 billion) contributed
to this sales trend.

The increase attributable to consolidation mainly results from inter-
nal transactions relating to central energy procurement.

Other Line Items from the Consolidated Statements of Income
The Consolidated Statements of Income are on page 165 ©.

Own work capitalized of €761 million was 12 percent above the
prior-year figure of €680 million. Own work capitalized consisted
predominantly of network investments as well as ongoing and
completed IT projects.

Other operating income totaled €47,383 million in 2021 (prior year:
€8,907 million). Income from derivative financial instruments alone
increased by €38,831 million year on year to €44,737 million, mainly
because of sharply higher energy prices on commodity markets.

Income from currency-translation effects of €478 million was
€586 million lower than the prior-year figure of €1,064 million.
Corresponding amounts resulting from currency-translation effects
and derivative financial instruments are recorded under other oper-
ating expenses. The sale of equity interests and securities resulted in
income of €360 million (prior year: €469 million).


--- Page 29 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Costs of materials of €78,096 million were considerably above the
prior-year figure of €47,147 million. The increase primarily reflects
higher prices on commodity markets. This resulted in higher direct
procurement costs as well as adjustments to the corresponding
expenses to the current market price at the time of delivery in the
case of forward procurement contracts that are accounted for as
derivative financial instruments pursuant to IFRS. Income from the
settlement of commodity derivatives is recorded under other oper-
ating income. The creation of provisions for pending transactions
was also recognized in costs of materials. These provisions were
mainly created for contracted sales transactions that are not subject
to IFRS 9 (failed own-use transactions) but that are commercially
part of a portfolio and that are partially offset by procurement trans-
actions that are accounted for as derivative financial instruments.
Consequently, the marking to market of procurement transactions
results in other operating earnings.

Depreciation charges declined from €4,166 million in the prior year
to €3,922 million, principally because of lower impairment charges
of €277 million (prior year: €479 million). Scheduled depreciation
charges in the year under review were recorded primarily at Energy
Networks’ operations in Germany.

Other operating expenses of €31,665 million were €20,746 million
above the prior-year level (€10,919 million), chiefly because expen-
ditures relating to derivative financial instruments (including cur-
rency-translation effects) rose by €20,699 million to €26,486 million.
In addition, expenditures relating to currency-translation effects
increased by €244 million to €885 million.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

Income from companies accounted for under the equity method of
€505 million was above the prior-year level (€408 million). Higher
equity earnings from network companies in Germany and from
shareholdings in Turkey were partially offset by the absence of
income from Rampion Renewables Ltd after its sale to RWE.

Adjusted EBIT

For the purpose of internal management control and as the most
important indicator of businesses’ long-term earnings power, in

the year under review E.ON used earnings before interest and taxes
that have been adjusted to exclude non-operating effects (“adjusted
EBIT’).

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

33

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

The core business's adjusted EBIT in the 2021 financial year rose by
€216 million to €3,579 million (prior year: €3,363 million). Energy
Networks’ adjusted EBIT of €2,970 million was €272 million below
the prior-year figure. Earnings were adversely affected by effects
resulting from higher commodity prices, which led in particular to
higher costs for network losses. These will be offset over time under
national regulatory schemes. This was compounded in Germany by
several factors, including higher costs for maintenance and repair
and a further increase in networks’ supply tasks. Higher costs for
upstream networks led to lower earnings in Sweden. Positive effects
in East-Central Europe/ Turkey resulting primarily from the inclusion
of VSEH in Slovakia for the entire year were more than offset by
higher costs for network losses.

Adjusted EBIT
Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2021 2020 +1-% 2021 2020 +/-%
Energy Networks 556 913 -39% 2,970 3,242 -8%
Customer Solutions 25 92 -73% 926 478 94%
Thereof EIS business - - - 237 - -
Corporate Functions/Other -76 -39 -95% -321 -363 12%
Consolidation 6 7 -14% 4 6 -33%
Adjusted EBIT from core business 511 973 47% 3,579 3,363 6%
Non-Core Business 284 115 147% 1.144 413 177%
E.ON Group adjusted EBIT 795 1,088 -27% 4,723 3,776 25%

+ Includes the effects of retrospective changes in connection with the adjustment of the provisional recognition of the innogy acquisition until September 18, 2020.


--- Page 30 ---

Q Search =< Back

= Contents

Adjusted EBIT at Customer Solutions rose by €448 million year on
year to €926 million. The reasons included a weather-driven increase
in sales volume and operating improvements in nearly all EON
markets. In addition, cost savings from the ongoing restructuring
program in the United Kingdom had a positive impact on adjusted
EBIT. Customer Solutions includes Energy Infrastructure Solutions
("EIS"), which reported adjusted EBIT of €237 million in the report-
ing period. EIS' activities are disclosed separately throughout this
report.

Adjusted EBIT recorded at Corporate Functions/Other improved by
€42 million year on year to -€321 million, principally because of
cost savings. The non-recurrence of positive income from the stake
in Rampion Renewables Ltd, which was sold in the first half of 2021,
had a countervailing effect.

The E.ON Group's adjusted EBIT totaled €4,723 million and was
thus €947million above the prior-year figure. The increase resulted
from the aforementioned developments at the core business and
from effects at Non-Core Business. Alongside higher sales prices
and sales volumes, these effects relate mainly to the implementa-
tion of the public-law agreement of March 25, 2021, between the

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

German federal government and the country’s NPP operators. In
this context, previous purchases of residual power output rights were
refunded. This resulted in a positive effect of roughly €0.6 billion.

E.ON generates a large portion of its adjusted EBIT in very stable
businesses. Regulated, quasi-regulated, and long-term contracted
businesses accounted for the overwhelming proportion of E.ON's
adjusted EBIT in 2021.

E.ON's regulated business consists of operations in which revenues
are largely set by law and based on costs. The earnings on these
revenues are therefore extremely stable and predictable.

E.ON's quasi-regulated and long-term contracted business consists
of operations in which earnings have a high degree of predictability
because key determinants (price and/or volume) are largely set for
the medium to long term. Examples include the operation of indus-
trial customer solutions with long-term supply agreements and the
operation of heating networks.

Merchant activities are all those that cannot be subsumed under
either of the other two categories.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

34

~> Risks and Chances Report
> Corporate Governance Declaration

> Forecast Report

Reconciliation to Adjusted Earnings Metrics

Like net income, EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) is affected
by non-operating items, such as the marking to market of deriva-
tives. Adjusted EBIT has been adjusted to exclude non-operating
effects. The adjustments include net book gains, certain restructur-
ing expenses, impairment charges and reversals, the marking to
market of derivatives as well as related provisions for contingent
losses, the subsequent valuation of hidden reserves and liabilities
identified as part of the purchase-price calculation and allocation
for the innogy transaction, and other non-operating earnings.

Derived from adjusted EBIT, adjusted net income is an earnings fig-
ure after interest income, income taxes, and non-controlling interests
that likewise has been adjusted to exclude non-operating effects.
The adjustments include the aforementioned items as well as inter-
est expense/income not affecting net income (after taxes and non-
controlling interests). Non-operating interest expense/income also
includes positive effects from the resolution of valuation differences
between the nominal and fair value of innogy bonds.

On the following pages, the disclosures in the Consolidated State-
ments of Income are reconciled to the adjusted earnings metrics.


--- Page 31 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Reconciliation to Adjusted EBIT

Net income attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE and correspond-
ing earnings per share amounted to €4.7 billion and €1.80, respec-
tively. In the prior year E.ON recorded net income of about €1 billion
and earnings per share of €0.39. The development of net income in
the 2021 financial year mainly reflected asymmetrical valuation
effects on unrealized sales and procurement transactions as a result
of sharp increases in commodity prices. These effects had no impact
on contractual payment streams or adjusted earnings.

Pursuant to IFRS 5, income/loss from discontinued operations, net,
is reported separately in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

In the prior year this item included negative effects from the subse-
quent adjustment of certain components of the purchase price in
conjunction with the innogy acquisition and positive earnings from
innogy's sales business in the Czech Republic (including deconsoli-
dation income).

E.ON's tax expense in 2021 amounted to €818 million (prior year:
€871 million). In 2021, the tax rate was 13 percent (prior year:

40 percent). In the reporting period, in particular the use of tax
losses, market valuations of commodities with no tax effect and
taxes for previous years led to a reduction in the tax rate. The reason
for the high tax rate in the previous year was essentially a one-off
effect from the valuation of deferred tax assets, which was partially
offset by taxes for previous years.

Financial results of -€386 million improved by €316 million relative
to the prior year. An increase in income from equity investments and
improved interest income/expenses, which benefited in part from a
lower interest expense on debt financing, were positive factors.
There were also countervailing effects in non-operating earnings.
These include positive valuation effects on securities held for trading,

35

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile  -> Strategyand Innovation  -> Employees > Business Report © > ForecastReport > Risks and Chances Report

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

> Corporate Governance Declaration

jation to Adjusted EBIT

Fourth quarter Full year

€ in millions 2021 2020? 2021 20207
Net income/loss 1,402 212 5,305 1,270
Attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE 907 156 4,691 1,017
Attributable to non-controlling interests 495 56 614 253
Income/Loss from discontinued operations, net - 1 - 40
Income/Loss from continuing operations 1,402 213 5,305 1,310
Income taxes 82 180 818 871
Financial results 29 206 386 702
Income/Loss from continuing operations before financial results and income taxes 1,513 599 2,883
Income/Loss from equity investments 68 -21 18
EBIT 1,581 578 2,901
Non-operating adjustments -786 510 875
Net book gains (-)/losses (+) 8 -40 -258
Restructuring expenses 222 266 656
Effects from derivative financial instruments -1,625 -971 -1,128
Impairments (+)/Reversals (-) 428 473 557
Carryforward of hidden reserves (+) and liabilities (-) from the innogy transaction 246 325 802
Other non-operating earnings -65 457 246
Adjusted EBIT 795 1,088 3,776
Impairments (+)/Reversals (-) 17 21 27
Scheduled depreciation and amortization 800 830 3,102
Adjusted EBITDA 1,612 1,939 6,905

Includes the effects of retrospective changes in connection with the adjustment of the provisional recognition of the innogy acquisition until September 18, 2020.

lower income for prior periods compared with the prior year, and

lower earnings relative to the prior year from the difference between
the nominal interest rate and the effective interest rate of the innogy
bonds adjusted due to the purchase-price allocation (see page 68

Net book gains were lower than the prior-year figure. The main fac-
tor in the year under review was the transfer of the remaining stake
in Rampion wind farm to RWE.

Restructuring expenses were lower than in the 2020 reporting
period and, as in the prior year, consisted primarily of expenditures
in conjunction with the innogy integration and the restructuring of
the sales business in the United Kingdom.


--- Page 32 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

The effects in connection with derivative financial instruments
developed positively by €2,122 million to €3,250 million. The strong
increase in commodity prices led to significant increases in the
market value of unrealized sales and procurement transactions.

E.ON recorded impairment charges in the 2021 financial year in
particular at Energy Networks’ operations in Slovakia (mainly on
goodwill in conjunction with the reclassification of these operations
as a disposal group) and on intangible assets at its operations in
Romania. Impairment charges recorded in the prior year related in
particular to Energy Networks’ operations in Hungary (due mainly
to the current restructuring of these operations; see page 39 ©)

as well as Customer Solutions’ operations in the United Kingdom
(primarily for software in conjunction with the ongoing restructuring
program) and its operations in the Netherlands/Belgium (in particu-
lar as part of the planned disposal of the Belgian sales business).

Items resulting from the subsequent valuation of hidden reserves
and liabilities as part of the purchase-price allocation for innogy are
disclosed separately.

The increase in other non-operating earnings is mainly attributable
to valuation effects on non-current provisions, which were partly
offset by negative valuation effects on bonds denominated in foreign
currencies.

The prior-year figure was adversely affected by valuation effects
for repurchase obligations under IAS 32 and non-current provisions
as well as realized effects from hedging transactions for certain
currency risks.

> Corporate Profile

Combined Group Management Report

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

jation to Adjusted Net Income

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

36

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2021 2020? 20207
Income/Loss from continuing operations before financial results and income taxes 1,513 599 2,883
Income/Loss from equity investments 68 -21 18
EBIT 1,581 578 2,901
Non-operating adjustments -786 510 875
Adjusted EBIT 795 1,088 3,776
Net interest income/loss -97 -185 -720
Non-operating interest expense (+)/income (-) -110 -57 -358
Operating earnings before taxes 588 846 2,698
Taxes on operating earnings -99 -190 -653
Operating earnings attributable to non-controlling interests -129 -107 -407
Adjusted net income 360 549 1,638

Includes the effects of retrospective changes in connection with the adjustment of the provisional recognition of the innogy acquisition until September 18, 2020.

Reconciliation to Adjusted Net Income

Adjusted net income of €2,503 million was 53 percent above the
prior-year figure of €1,638 million. Besides the above-described
effects in the reconciliation to adjusted EBIT, this reconciliation
includes the following items:

Interest income/expenses includes non-operating components,
which improved by €33 million year on year, principally because of
positive valuation effects on securities recorded at fair value on
the balance-sheet date. The adverse effects included a reduction
in income for prior years and lower earnings from the difference

between the nominal interest rate and the effective interest rate of
the innogy bonds adjusted due to the purchase-price allocation.

The tax rate on operating earnings of continuing operations was
23 percent (prior year: 24 percent). The principal reason for the
decline was the utilization of tax loss carryforwards, which lowered
the tax rate.

Non-controlling interests’ share of operating earnings declined
slightly, mainly because of lower operating earnings from minority-
held companies.


--- Page 33 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Financial Situation

Finance Strategy

E.ON's finance strategy focuses on capital structure. At the fore-
front of this strategy is ensuring that E.ON always has access to
capital markets commensurate with its debt level.

With its target capital structure E.ON aims to sustainably secure a
strong BBB/Baa rating.

E.ON manages its capital structure using debt factor, which is equal
to economic net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA; it is therefore a
dynamic debt metric. Economic net debt includes not only financial
liabilities but also provisions for pensions and asset-retirement obli-
gations.

The low interest-rate environment continued. In some cases this led
to negative real interest rates on asset-retirement obligations. As in
prior years, provisions therefore exceeded the actual amount of
asset-retirement obligations at year-end 2021 without factoring in
discounting and cost-escalation effects. This limits the relevance of
economic net debt as a key figure. E.ON wants economic net debt to
serve as a useful key figure that aptly depicts E.ON's debt situation.
In the case of material provisions affected by negative real interest
rates, E.ON has therefore used the aforementioned actual amount
of the obligations instead of the balance-sheet figure to calculate
economic net debt since year-end 2016.

Pursuant to IFRS valuation standards, innogy's financial liabilities at
the time of initial consolidation were recorded at their fair value.
This fair value is significantly higher than the original nominal value
because interest-rate levels have declined since innogy's bonds

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile © -> Strategyand Innovation  -> Employees

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

were issued. The purchase-price allocation yielded a difference
between the nominal value and the fair value, which results in addi-
tional liabilities of €1.9 billion at year-end 2021. This amount will
be recorded in financial earnings as a reduction in expenditures and
spread out over the maturity period of the respective bonds. These
balance-sheet and earnings effects do not alter the interest and
principal payments. To manage economic net debt, E.ON continues
to use the nominal amount of financial liabilities, which deviates

from the figure shown in its balance sheets.

E.ON aims for a debt factor of 4.8 to 5.2. The debt factor at year-end
2021 of 4.9 was within the target range.

Economic Net Debt
Economic net debt declined by €1.9 billion relative to year-end 2020
(€40.7 billion) to €38.8 billion.

Financial liabilities of €32.7 billion reflect EON SE's issuance of two
bonds in the reporting year totaling €1.35 billion as well as the
repayment of three bonds (GBP and EUR) totaling €2.4 billion. The
increase in financial liabilities is also attributable to both adverse
currency-translation effects on bonds denominated in foreign cur-
rencies (effects that were largely offset in E.ON’s net financial posi-
tion by positive effects from foreign-currency hedging) and short-
term interim financing.

E.ON's net financial position increased by €0.7 billion compared with
year-end 2020 to -€24.7 billion. EON SE's dividend payment and
investment expenditures were largely offset, in part by operating

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

37

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

cash flow, disposals (in particular as part of the reorganization of
business activities in Hungary; see page 39 © and Note 30 © to
the Consolidated Financial Statements), and margin payments in
conjunction with the development of commodity prices.

The increase in actuarial discount rates for pensions, which led to a
reduction in defined benefit obligations, had a positive impact on
economic net debt, as did the return on plan assets (see Note 25
to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The reduction in provi-
sions for asset-retirement obligations mainly results from the utili-
zation of provisions for asset-retirement obligations in the nuclear
energy business (see Note 26 © to the Consolidated Financial
Statements). Because the utilization affects operating cash flow, it
has no overall effect on economic net debt.

Economic Net Debt

December 31
€ in millions 2021 2020
Liquid funds 5,965 4,795
Non-current securities 1,699 1,887
Financial liabilities -32,730 -30,720
FX hedging adjustment 391 82
Net financial position -24,675 -23,956
Provisions for pensions -6,082 -8,088
Asset-retirement obligations? -8,016 -8,692
Economic net debt -38,773 -40,736

*Bonds issued by innogy are recorded at their nominal value. The figure shown in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets is €1.9 billion higher (year-end 2020: €2.1 billion higher)

“This figure is not the same as the asset-retirement obligations shown in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets (€9,230 million at December 31, 2021; €10,194 million at December 31, 2020). This is
because economic net debt is calculated in part based on the actual amount of E.ON's obligations.


--- Page 34 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Funding Policy and Initiatives

The key objective of E.ON's funding policy is for the Company to
have access to a variety of financing sources at all times. E.ON
achieves this objective by using different markets and debt instru-
ments to maximize the diversity of its investor base. E.ON issues
bonds with tenors that give its debt portfolio a balanced maturity
profile. Moreover, large-volume benchmark issues may in some
cases be combined with smaller issues, private placements, and/or
promissory notes. Furthermore, from 2019 onward E.ON has
issued green bonds and has since established them in its financing
mix. In the future, E.ON intends to cover more than 50 percent of
its annual financing requirements with green bonds.

At the beginning of March 2021, E.ON presented a new Green Bond
Framework. In addition to compliance with the ICMA Green Bond
Principles, which until now set the standard for green bonds on the
capital market, the new E.ON framework is one of the first in Europe
to meet the then-current criteria of the EU Taxonomy Regulation on
sustainable economic activities ("EU taxonomy"). In December 2021
E.ON revised its green bond framework to reflect the now finalized
version of the EU taxonomy. The EU taxonomy defines which eco-
nomic activities are to be classified as ecologically sustainable and
thus sets a Europe-wide standard for sustainable investments.
E.ON's Green Bond Framework is geared toward sustainable projects
at both Energy Networks and Customer Solutions.

External funding is generally carried out by E.ON SE, and the funds
are subsequently on-lent in the Group. In the past, external funding
was also carried out by the Company's Dutch finance subsidiary,

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

E.ON International Finance B.V. (“EIF"), under guarantee of E.ON SE,
and by innogy SE and innogy Finance B.V. under guarantee of
innogy SE. As part of the process of integrating the innogy Group,
E.ON harmonized the E.ON Group's funding structure. It offered
innogy bondholders the option to change the debtor of their bonds
to E.ON by means of consent solicitations or conversion offers. All

bonds now have E.ON SE as debtor or guarantor (with EIF as issuer).

In 2021 E.ON paid back in full maturities of €2.4 billion. EON
issued new debt totaling €1.35 billion (see pages 36 and 37 ©).

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

December 31
€in billions 2021 2020
Bonds? 26.4 26.9
EUR 18.0 18.4
GBP 71 7.2
usD 0.9 08
JPY 0.3 0.3
Other currencies 0.1 0.2
Promissory notes 0.0 0.0
Commercial paper 15 0.0
Other liabilities 48 38
Total 32.7 30.7

Includes private placements.

38

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

With the exception of a U.S.-dollar-denominated bond issued in
2008, all of E.ON SE and EIF's currently outstanding bonds were
issued under a Debt Issuance Program ("DIP"). Similarly, innogy and
innogy Finance B.V. bonds were formerly issued under the former
innogy Group's DIP. A DIP simplifies a company's ability to issue debt
to investors in public and private placements in flexible time frames.
E.ON SE's DIP was last updated in March 2021 with a total volume
of €35 billion, of which about €16.1 billion was utilized at year-end
2021. E.ON SE intends to renew the DIP in 2022.

Maturity Profile of Bonds Issued by E.ON SE,
and E.ON International Finance B.V.

€ in billions At December 31, 2021

124

104

2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030+


--- Page 35 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

In addition to its DIP, E.ON has a €10 billion Commercial Paper ("CP")
program and a US$10 billion CP program, under which it can issue
short-term notes. €1.5 billion of CP was outstanding at year-end
2021 (prior year: €0).

E.ON also has access to €3.5 billion syndicated credit facility, which
was concluded on October 24, 2019. It originally had a five-year term
and includes two options to extend the facility, in each case for one
year. The first and second options to extend the facility for another
year were exercised in October 2020 and October 2021, respectively.
This extended the term of the credit facility to October 24, 2026.
The credit margin is linked, among other things, to the development
of certain ESG ratings, which gives E.ON financial incentives to pur-
sue a sustainable corporate strategy. The ESG ratings are set by
three renowned agencies: ISS ESG, MSCI ESG Research, and Sus-
tainalytics. The facility serves as a reliable, ongoing general liquidity
reserve for the E.ON Group and can be drawn on as needed. The
credit facility is made available by 21 banks which constitute E.ON's
core group of banks.

Alongside financial liabilities, EON has, in the course of its business
operations, entered into contingencies and other financial obliga-
tions. These include, in particular, guarantees, obligations from legal
disputes and damage claims, as well as current and non-current
contractual, legal, and other obligations. Notes 27 ©, 28 ©, and 32
to the Consolidated Financial Statements contain more information
about E.ON's bonds as well as liabilities, contingencies, and other
commitments.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

E.ON's creditworthiness has been assessed by Standard & Poor's
("S&P") and Moody's with long-term ratings of BBB and Baa2,
respectively. The outlook for both ratings is stable. In both cases
the ratings are based on the expectation that, over the near to
medium term, E.ON will be able to maintain a debt ratio commen-
surate with these ratings. S&P's and Moody's short-term ratings
are unchanged at A-2 and P-2, respectively.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

E.ON SE Ratings

Longterm Short term Outlook
Moody's Baa2 P-2 Stable
Standard & Poor's BBB A2 Stable

E.ON will continue to take into account the trust of rating agencies,
investors, and banks using a clear strategy and transparent commu-
nications and therefore holds events that include an annual infor-
mational meeting for its core group of banks.

Investments

The E.ON Group's cash-effective investments in the 2021 financial
year increased by €591 million year on year to €4,762 million.
Investments in property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets
totaled €4,487 million (prior year: €4,362 million). Share investments
amounted to €275 million versus -€191 million in the prior year.

39

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Investments

€ in millions 2021 2020 +/-%
Energy Networks 3,520 3,369 4%
Customer Solutions 710 803 -12%

Thereof EIS business 409 -

Corporate Functions/Other 238 -273 187%
Consolidation -4 -3 -33%
Investments in core business 4,464 3,896 15%
Non-Core Business 298 275 8%
E.ON Group investments 4,762 4,171 14%

Energy Networks’ investments of €3,520 million were 4 percent
above the prior-year level of €3,369 million. Investment activity
in all regions focused in part on new connections and the renewal
of network infrastructure. In addition, more was invested in the
expansion of smart meters in Sweden than in the prior year, and
replacement investments increased as well.

Customer Solutions’ investments of €710 million were 12 percent
below the prior-year figure (€803 million). ElS's investments across
all regional markets accounted for fully €409 million of total invest-
ments. Investments in Sweden were significantly below the prior-
year level due to the completion of the Hégbytorp project. In addi-
tion, the prior-year figure included expenditures for the acquisition
of Coromatic, a leading supplier of critical building infrastructure

in Scandinavia. Investments in the United Kingdom, most of which
went toward the expansion of smart meters, declined as well. By
contrast, E.ON Business Solutions invested significantly more in
projects relating to embedded energy supply than in the prior year.


--- Page 36 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Investments recorded at Corporate Functions/Other of €238 million
(prior-year period: -€273 million) are principally attributable to sub-
sequent purchase-price payments in conjunction with the innogy
acquisition. By contrast, prior-year investments included purchase-
price reductions relating to the innogy acquisition. In addition,
investments in the reporting year went toward the acquisition of
gridX GmbH and envelio GmbH (for more information on these
projects, see page 38 ©).

Non-Core Business's investments rose by €23 million year on year
to €298 million.

Cash Flow

Cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations
before interest and taxes of €5.6 billion was €0.3 billion below the
prior-year figure of €5.9 billion. Negative working-capital effects
at the German network business were the principal adverse factor
at Energy Networks, whose cash provided by operating activities
was €0.5 billion below the prior-year figure. Working-capital effects
in Sweden were the main reason for the €0.2 billion year-on-year
decline at Customer Solutions. Operating cash flow at Non-Core
Business was €0.5 billion higher relative to the prior year, primarily
because of an improvement in EBITDA due to the refund of previous
payments to acquire residual power output rights (€0.6 billion). In
addition, cash provided by operating activities of continuing opera-
tions reflected a normalization of tax payments in 2021.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

Cash provided by investing activities of continuing operations
totaled -€5.4 billion versus -€1.9 billion in the prior year. Margin
payments made in connection with derivative transactions (mainly
initial margins) due to price movements in the year under review
were significantly higher than in the prior year. In the first quarter of
the prior year E.ON received the payment for the indirect stake in
Nord Stream AG (Nord Stream 1) that had been transferred to the
Contractual Trust Arrangement ("CTA") in 2019. In addition, prior-
year cash flow benefited from a subsequent purchase-price pay-
ment by RWE for the innogy acquisition, the sale of innogy's retail
business in the Czech Republic, and from the sale of the heating
electricity business. The payment from the sale of Rampion Renew-
ables Ltd to RWE was also received in the 2020 financial year. Cash
provided by investing activities in the year under review benefitted
to a comparatively limited degree from the sale of two network
companies in Hungary.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

40

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Cash Flow*

€ in millions 2021 2020
Operating cash flow 4,069 5,287
Operating cash flow before interest and taxes? 5,639 5,948
Cash provided by (used for) investing activities -5,399 -1,877
Cash provided by (used for) financing activities 2,263 624

2From continuing operations.
Excluding the innogy business in the Czech Republic reclassified in accordance with IFRS 5 and
deconsolidated on October 30, 2020.

Cash provided by financing activities of continuing operations of
€2.3 billion was €4.9 billion above the prior-year figure of -€2.6 bil-
lion. This was due in particular to compensation payments made to
innogy SE's remaining minority shareholders in the 2020 financial
year (€2.4 billion). Variation margin payments in conjunction with
derivative transactions had a positive effect on cash provided by
financing activities. The sale of a portion of the Company's business
operations in Hungary led to a further improvement in the year
under review.


--- Page 37 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Asset Situation

Total assets and liabilities of €119.8 billion were about €24.4 billion,
or 26 percent, above the figure at year-end 2020. Non-current
assets rose by €5.2 billion to €80.6 billion. This is mainly attributable
to an increase in receivables on derivative financial instruments.

Current assets increased by 97 percent, from €19.9 billion to
€39.1 billion. This likewise resulted mainly from the increase in
receivables on derivative financial instruments and an increase
in liquid funds.

Equity attributable to E.ON SE shareholders was about €12 billion
at year-end 2021. Equity attributable to non-controlling interests
was roughly €5.9 billion. The equity ratio (including non-controlling
interests) at year-end 2021 was 15 percent, which is 6 percentage
points higher than at year-end 2020. Net income in the 2021 finan-
cial year was the primary factor. The expiration of the enviaM AG
put option in the amount of €1.8 billion had a positive impact on
equity. Of this amount, €0.7 billion is attributable to the shareholders
of E.ON SE and €1.1 billion to minority interests. The remeasure-
ment of pension obligations likewise had a positive effect on equity.
These items were partially offset by the dividend payout totaling
€1.6 billion.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

Non-current debt declined by €0.4 billion, or 1 percent, chiefly because
of the development of non-current bonds and other operating lia-
bilities. Another positive factor was a reduction in provisions for
pensions, which resulted from an increase in the actuarial discount
rates used by the E.ON Group and a positive return on plan assets.

Consolidated Assets, Liabilities, and Equity

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

41

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Current debt of €40.5 billion was 65 percent above the figure at
year-end 2020. This was due in particular to an increase in other
provisions for contingent losses from pending transactions in con-
junction with the rise in energy prices on commodity markets and
the increase in liabilities from derivative financial instruments. The
expiration of the put option for enviaM AG and the development of
current bonds were countervailing factors.

€in millions Dec. 31, 2021 % Dec. 31,2020 %
Non-current assets 80,637 67 75,484 79
Current assets 39,122 33 19,901 21
Total assets 119,759 100 95,385 100
Equity 17,889 15 9,055 9
Non-current liabilities 61,359 51 61,761 65
Current liabilities 40,511 34 24,569 26
Total equity and 119,759 100 95,385 100

Additional information about E.ON's asset situation is contained in
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


--- Page 38 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Business Segments

Energy Networks

Power and Gas Passthrough

On balance, power and gas passthrough in the year under review
rose relative to the prior year. In Germany this is attributable in part
to cooler weather and in part to the recovery of the economy from
the repercussions of the Covid-19 pandemic, which had an adverse
effect in 2020.

Power passthrough in Sweden rose slightly year on year because,
on average, the weather was cooler over the course of the year.

In East-Central Europe/Turkey, lower passthrough due to the sale of
two network operators in Hungary (ETI and EMASZ) was offset by
higher power passthrough resulting from the acquisition of VSEH in
Slovakia. Gas passthrough was above the prior-year level.

> Corporate Profile

Combined Group Management Report

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

42

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Energy Passthrough
East-Central Europe/

Germany Sweden Turkey Total
Billion kWh 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020
Fourth quarter
Power 62.3 64.5 10.0 95 15.3 17.9 87.6 91.9
Line loss, station use, etc. 19 2.0 04 0.3 0.2 07 24 29
Gas 54.5 60.6 - - 17.6 16.1 72.1 76.7
Full year
Power 234.7 226.9 36.9 34.7 66.2 64.2 337.8 325.8
Line loss, station use, etc. 71 71 12 11 3.9 4.0 12.1 12.1
Gas 183.9 170.6 - - 49.8 46.2 233.7 216.8

System Length and Network Customers

E.ON's power system in Germany was about 700,000 kilometers
long, slightly below the prior-year figure (705,000 kilometers). At
year-end it had about 14.9 million network customers for power in
its service territory. E.ON's gas system declined slightly to about
101,000 kilometers (prior year: 104,000 kilometers). By contrast,
the number of network customers—1.8 million—was essentially
unchanged from 2020.

The length of E.ON's power system in Sweden was 140,000 kilo-
meters (prior year: 139,000 kilometers). The number of customers
in the power distribution system was about 1.1 million, unchanged
from the prior year.

E.ON operates electricity networks in East-Central Europe/Turkey
with a total system length of 274,000 kilometers (prior year:
322,000 kilometers) and supplies about 8.3 million network cus-
tomers (prior year: 9.7 million). The decline in system length and
the number of customers is mainly attributable to the sale of two
network operators in Hungary, ETI and EMASZ. As in the prior year,
gas networks operated by E.ON were roughly 49,000 kilometers
long. The number of gas network customers was almost unchanged
at around 2.7 million (prior year: 2.6 million).


--- Page 39 ---

= Contents Q Search << Back Combined Group Management Report 43

> Corporate Profile  -> Strategyand Innovation  -> Employees > Business Report © > ForecastReport > Risks and Chances Report

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process > Disclosures Regarding Takeovers > Corporate Governance Declaration
Sales and Adjusted EBIT Energy Networks
Sales and adjusted EBIT in Germany were €14,661 million and East-Central Europe/
€1,961 million, respectively. Sales were at the prior-year level. Germany Sweden Turkey Total
Adjusted EBIT declined by 8 percent year on year. Earnings were € in millions 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020
adversely affected primarily by effects resulting from higher com- Fourth quarter
modity prices, which led in particular to higher costs for network Sales 4076 702 al 240 aaa 705 5,005 5,047
losses.
Adjusted EBITDA* 779 1,028 111 137 228 285 1,118 1,450
i 7
Sales in Sweden in 2021 rose by about 8 percent, from €899 million Adjusted EBT! 2 SO ES
to €962 million, owing to higher passthrough amid colder weather. Full year
Higher costs for the upstream network reduced adjusted EBIT in the Sales 14,661 14,563 962 889 2,650 2,484 18,273 17,936
year under review by €34 million to €337 million. Adjusted EBITDA 3,458 3,628 507 529 1,023 1,029 4,988 5,186
Adjusted EBIT 1,961 2,182 337 371 672 689 2,970 3,242

East-Central Europe/Turkey's sales of €2,650 million were higher
(prior year: €2,484 million), whereas its adjusted EBIT of €672 million
was slightly below the prior-year level. Positive effects such as

the inclusion of VSEH in Slovakia for the entire year were more than
offset by higher costs for network losses and adverse currency-
translation effects.

includes effects of retrospective changes in connection with the adjustment of the provisional recognition of the innogy acquisition; the previous year was adjusted accordingly.


--- Page 40 ---

= Contents ©) Search << Back

Customer Solutions

Power and Gas Sales Volume

Customer Solutions’ power sales of 372.8 billion kWh were at the
prior-year level, whereas its gas sales rose by 63 billion kWh to
447.9 billion kWh.

The main drivers of power and gas sales in nearly all regional
markets were cooler weather, which led to volume increases, and
Covid-19-related sellbacks, particularly to the wholesale market.
Power sales in Germany declined to 188 billion kWh (prior year:
196.2 billion kWh), owing in part to portfolio streamlining among
sales partners.

Combined Group Management Report 44

> Corporate Profile  -> Strategyand Innovation  -> Employees > Business Report © > ForecastReport > Risks and Chances Report
+ Internal Control System for the Accounting Process > Disclosures Regarding Takeovers  -> Corporate Governance Declaration

Power Sales*

Netherlands/

Germany _United Kingdom Belgium Other? Total
Billion kWh 2021. 2020.» 2021. «22020.» 2021.» 2020S 2021.» «2020» 2021:~S 2020
Fourth quarter

Residential and SME 88 77 6.0 6.2 17 23 8.2 90 247 25.2
1&C 69 67 8.7 81 11 17 61 77-228 (242
Sales partners 134 204 - 06 - - 18 21 15.2 23.2
Customer groups 291 348 147 149 28 40 161 188 627 126
Wholesale market 505 206 281 3.9 23 23 24 34 83.0 306
Total 793 555 428 188 51 63 187 221 145.9 102.7
Full year

Residential and SME 32.7 315 218 22.4 63 76 325 319 933 934
1&C 285 309 320 315 47 62 245 302 897 988
Sales partners 498 = 72.7 2.2 2.2 - - 69 38 591 789
Customer groups 1110 1351 560 561 111 138 64.0 66.0 242.3 271.2
Wholesale market 770 «611 358 205 8.2 66 97 120 130.7 101.0

Total 188.0 196.2 91.8 76.6 19.3 20.4 73.7 77.9 372.8 371.1

“The amounts shown were aggregated to totals and not consolidated
2Excludes E.ON Business Solutions.
®Prior-year figures were adjusted due to changes in segment reporting (this concerns the activities in Slovakia (VSEH) and in Croatia; see page 36).


--- Page 41 ---

= Contents Q Search << Back Combined Group Management Report 45

> Corporate Profile  -> Strategyand Innovation  -> Employees > Business Report © > ForecastReport > Risks and Chances Report

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process > Disclosures Regarding Takeovers > Corporate Governance Declaration
Customer Numbers Gas Sales?
Customer Solutions’ fully consolidated companies had about Netherlands/
39.9 million customers at year-end 2021, slightly below the prior- Germany United Kingdom Belgium Other?3 Total
year figure of 41.15 million. The acquisition of customers from Billion kWh 2021 2020 «©2021 «= 2020» 2021S 20202021 «202020212020

energy companies that had filed for bankruptcy increased the number
of customers in Germany to 14.4 million (prior year: 13.9 million).

Fourth quarter

. 7 ! . . Residential and SME 15.6 14.5 16.0 16.5 8.2 5.4 12.6 12.0 52.4 48.4
E.ON acquired customers from insolvent suppliers in the United
re . . . + 1&C 5.6 79 5.9 27 5.3 7.6 5.3 77 22.1 25.9
Kingdom as well, which led to a slight increase in customers (2021:
an: . an: . Sales partners 12.1 14.6 2.0 2.3 - - - 0.5 14.1 174
10.5 million; prior year: 10.3 million). The number of customers in ee ee ee ee Eee Ee
the Netherlands/Belgium declined to 4.1 million (prior year: 4.6 Customer groups se) 37.0 eS) 21.5 ae) 13.0 ee) 20.2 G20 91.7
million) because of the disposal of the sales business in Belgium. Wholesale market 38.0 13.6 319 11.2 10.7 9.1 25 12 83.1 35.1
Customer gains and losses encompassed power as well as gas cus- Total 71.3 50.6 55.8 32.7 24.1 22.1 20.4 21.2 171.6 1266
tomers. The total number of customers in the other countries Full year
where this segment operates fell.* Customer losses resulted in par- Residential and SME 464 407 490 491 268 216 359 312 1581 1426
ticular from the restructuring of the business in Hungary and the lac 26.0 25.2 14.0 103 23.1 26.6 20.9 23.0 84.0 85.1
related return of the ELMU universal service provider ("USP") license. Sales partners 36.6 453 74 68 > > 07 14 447 535
These losses were not offset by the acquisition of customers of
. . . . 7 Customer groups 109.0 111.3 70.4 66.2 49.9 48.2 57.4 55.6 286.7 281.3
insolvent energy service providers in the Czech Republic and the
eas . . Wholesale market 80.3 44.5 41.0 276 32.6 25.8 74 6.0 161.3 103.9
acquisition of VSEH in Slovakia.
Total 189.3 155.8 111.4 93.8 82.4 74.0 64.8 61.3 447.9 385.0
Sales and Adjusted EBIT 1 The amounts shown were aggregated to totals and not consolidated,
Customer Solutions’ sales increased by 26 percent year on year to * Excludes E.ON Business Solutions.

® Prior-year figures were adjusted due to changes in segment reporting (this concerns the activities in Slovakia (VSEH) and in Croatia; see page 36).

€61.5 billion. Adjusted EBIT rose by 94 percent to €926 million.
Customer Solutions includes the EIS business, which recorded
adjusted EBIT of €237 million in the reporting period. EIS's acti
are disclosed separately throughout this report.

Prior-year figures were adjusted due to changes in segment reporting (this concerns the activities in
Slovakia (VSEH) and in Croatia; see page 36).


--- Page 42 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Sales in Germany increased by 26 percent to €28,475 million. This
is partly attributable to the settlement of commodity derivatives.
Higher consumption due to cooler weather and the passthrough of
increased cost components also contributed to the increase. Adjusted
EBIT rose as well, by 27 percent to €525 million. This was likewise
due to cooler weather and to synergies already achieved by the innogy
integration. By contrast, higher procurement costs had an adverse
effect on earnings.

Sales in the United Kingdom increased by 28 percent to €17,870 mil-
lion, owing in part, as in Germany, to the settlement of commodity
derivatives and to the passthrough of increased cost components.
Cooler weather contributed to higher sales as well. Adjusted EBIT
rose by 194 percent to €121 million. The significant improvement
was due primarily to higher sales volume resulting from cooler
weather and to cost savings from the ongoing restructuring program.

Sales in the Netherlands/Belgium increased by 38 percent to
€4,088 million, adjusted EBIT by 12 percent to €90 million. This
positive performance was due in particular to the current market
environment and higher energy prices as well as to cooler weather
and the resulting increase in sales volume.

*Cash-effective costs of €197 million were recognized for innogy's integration
into the E.ON Group in 2021.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

Customer Solutions

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

46

~> Risks and Chances Report
> Corporate Governance Declaration

> Forecast Report

Netherlands/ Thereof
Germany _ United Kingdom Belgium Other Total EIS
€ in millions 2021 ©2020. «= 2021.«S 2020.» 2021.:»S 2020S 2021S 2020S 2021» 2020-2021
Fourth quarter
Sales 11489 6,669 6,392 3,917_—«‘1,730 940 3,633 © 2,691 23,244 14,217 -
Adjusted EBITDA* 152 154 -35 -96 50 51 3 130 170 239 -
Adjusted EBIT? 115 116 -88 = -127 35 35 -37 68 25 92 -
Full year
Sales 28,475 22,550 17,870 13,993 4,088 2,959 11,074 9,157 61,507 48,659 -
Adjusted EBITDA 660 546 261 1 152 152 419 327. 1492 1,026 479
Adjusted EBIT 525 412 121-129 90 80 190 115 926 478 237

‘includes the effects of retrospective changes in connection with the adjustment of the provisional recognition of the innogy acquisition; the previous year was adjusted accordingly.

On balance, the Other business unit also delivered a positive sales
and adjusted EBIT performance. Sales rose by 21 percent to
€11,074 million and adjusted EBIT by 65 percent to €190 million.
The main reasons for the improvement of both metrics were the
non-recurrence of the reduction in sales volume recorded in 2020
owing to weather and Covid-19 factors and the high level of energy
prices in 2021. Earnings were lower only in Hungary, due in partic-
ular to the high level of energy prices.

Non-Core Business

Fully Consolidated and Attributable Generating Capacity
PreussenElektra's fully consolidated and attributable generating
capacity at year-end 2021 both totaled 1,058 MW (prior year:
3,828 MW and 3,319 MW, respectively). PreussenElektra’s fully
consolidated as well as its attributable generating capacity declined
considerably relative to the prior year because of the shutdown of
Brokdorf and Grohne nuclear power plants ("NPPs") on December 31,
2021, pursuant to Germany's Atomic Energy Act.


--- Page 43 ---

= Contents ©) Search << Back

PreussenElektra’s Power Generation
Power procured (owned generation and purchases) in the 2021

financial year was about 1.8 billion kWh above the prior-year figure.

The year-on-year increase is mainly attributable to shorter planned
outages at Grohnde and Isar 2 NPPs and the non-recurrence of the
outage at Brokdorf NPP.

Power Generation

PreussenElektra

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

Sales and Adjusted EBIT
Non-Core Business's sales of €1.6 billion were €0.2 billion above the
prior-year figure. Adjusted EBIT rose by €0.7 billion to €1.1 billion.

Sales at Non-Core Business rose by €244 million year on year to
€1,632 million. Higher sales prices and higher sales volume due to
high utilization rates of NPPs were the reasons at PreussenElektra.
This was partially offset by the passthrough of a portion of refunds
to the minority shareholders of E.ON's jointly owned NPPs. The
refunds resulted from the implementation of the public law agree-
ment of March 25, 2021, between the German federal government

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

47

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Adjusted EBIT of €1,144 million was significantly above the prior-
year level (€413 million). This attributable in part to higher sales
prices and higher sales volume but mainly to the implementation of
the public law agreement of March 25, 2021, between the German
federal government and NPP operators. In this context, previous
purchases of residual power were refunded. This resulted in a posi-
tive effect of roughly €0.6 billion. Equity earnings on E.ON's stake
in Enerjisa Uretim also surpassed the prior-year figure, primarily
because of operating improvements, which were partially offset by
currency-translation effects resulting from the weakening of the
Turkish lira.

Billion kWh 2021 2020 . .
and the country’s NPP operators, which provided for the refund of
Fourth quarter . . ,
previous purchases of residual power output rights.
Owned generation 7 7A
Purchases 0.2 0.4
Jointly owned power plants = - .
Third parties 0.2 0.4 Non-Core Business
Total 7.9 78 PreussenElektra Generation Turkey Total
Station use, line loss, etc. - - € in millions 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020
Power sales 79 78 Fourth quarter
Full year Sales 559 360 - - 559 360
Owned generation 30.5 28.4 Adjusted EBITDA 346 253 20 3 366 256
Purchases 11 14 Adjusted EBIT 264 112 20 3 284 115
Jointly owned power plants = - Fuller
Third parties 11 14
Sales 1,632 1,388 - - 1,632 1,388
Total 31.6 29.8
Adjusted EBITDA 1,563 895 54 30 1,617 925
Station use, line loss, etc. -0.1 -0.1
ee Adjusted EBIT 1,090 383 54 30 1,144 413

Power sales 315 29.7



--- Page 44 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

E.ON SE's Earnings, Financial, and Asset Situation

The 2021 Financial Year

E.ON SE prepares its Financial Statements in accordance with the
German Commercial Code, the SE Ordinance (in conjunction with
the German Stock Corporation Act), and the Electricity and Gas
Supply Act (Energy Industry Act).

Balance Sheet of E.ON SE (Summary)

December 31
€ in millions 2021 2020
Intangible assets 22 46
Property, plant, and equipment 13 15
Financial assets 46,059 45,688
Non-current assets 46,094 45,749
Receivables from affiliated companies 12,553 10,798
Other receivables and assets 2,257 648
Liquid funds 1,666 2,646
Current assets 16,476 14,092
Accrued expenses 62 66
Asset surplus after offsetting of benefit
obligations 4 4
Total assets 62,636 59,911
Equity 11,440 10,643
Provisions 1,055 1,236
Bonds 13,731 11,621
Liabilities to affiliated companies 34,714 35,683
Other liabilities 1,451 467
Deferred income 245 261
Total equity and liabili 62,636 59,911

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

The changes in financial assets are mainly attributable to the reversal
of impairment charges on equity interests in affiliated companies.
The increase in receivables from affiliated companies and the decline
in liabilities to affiliated companies result from changes in cash-
pooling balances.

The increase in other receivables mainly results from the acquisition
of money market funds; the increase in other liabilities results from
the incurrence of short-term financial liabilities.

The change in equity mainly reflects an allocation to retained
earnings of €350 million, changes in treasury shares under the
employee stock purchase program conducted in 2021, and a
€430 million increase in net income available for distribution.

E.ON SE issued new bonds and commercial paper in the amount

of €2,860 million in the 2021 financial year and repaid bonds in the
amount of €750 million. Energy price movements on wholesale
markets were unusually volatile at the end of the year. The resulting
fluctuations in liquidity led to the existence of investments in a
money market fund as well as short-term funding by means of
commercial paper and bank loans.

Information on treasury shares can be found in Note 11 © and
Note 20 © to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

48

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Income Statement of E.ON SE (Summary)

€ in millions 2021 2020
Income from equity interests 2,107 2,405
Interest income/loss -26 24
Other expenditures and income -101 -624
Taxes 26 309
Net income 2,006 2,114
Profit carryforward from the prior year 898 10
Net income transferred to retained earnings -350 0
Net income available for distribution 2,554 2,124

E.ON SE is the parent company of the E.ON Group. As such, its
earnings situation is affected by income from equity interests. The
main contributors to positive income from equity interests were
income from the transfer of profits from E.ON Energie AG in the
amount of €1,385 million and from E.ON Beteiligungen GmbH in
the amount of €661 million.

The deterioration of net interest result mainly reflects a reduction in
tax-related interest income.

The negative balance of other income and expenses in 2021 resulted
primarily from €249 million in expenses for purchased third-party
services, €226 million in personnel-related expenses, €66 million in
auditing and consulting services, and €15 million in net expenses
from currency effects. In addition, income of €368 million relates to
the reversal of impairment charges on equity interests in affiliated
companies.


--- Page 45 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

The activities of the company E.ON SE within the meaning of
Section 6b (3) of the Energy Industry Act consist mainly of other
activities outside the electricity and gas sector. In addition, EON SE
provides a relatively limited degree of energy-specific services to
affiliated network operators for network operation relating to
electricity distribution, gas distribution, and basic metering point
operation and prepares activity statements for these services. The
resulting earnings, individually and in total, are minimal (less than
€0.5 million).

In the year under review, total income from taxes amounted to
€26 million, which encompasses the year under review as well as
prior years. This consists of an income tax expense of €39 million

> Corporate Profile

Combined Group Management Report

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

and income from other taxes of €65 million. Corporate taxes and
solidarity surcharges attributable to 2021 totaled €78 million, and
trade taxes amounted to €66 million. For previous years the Com-
pany recorded tax income of €170 million, of which €105 million
relates to income taxes.

At the Annual Shareholders Meeting in 2022, the Management
Board will propose that net income available for distribution be
used to pay a dividend of €0.49 per ordinary share and the remain-
ing amount of €1,276 million to be carried forward to the next
financial year. Management's proposal for the use of net income
available for distribution is based on the number of ordinary shares
on March 7, 2022, the date the Financial Statements of E.ON SE
were prepared.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

49

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

The complete Financial Statements of E.ON SE, with an unqualified
opinion issued by the auditor, KPMG AG, Diisseldorf, will be
announced in the Bundesanzeiger.

Outlook

The E.ON SE Management Board has decided on a dividend policy
that foresees annual growth in the dividend per share of up to

5 percent through the dividend for the 2026 financial year. This also
applies to a dividend growth of up to 5 percent for the 2022 financial
year. E.ON will aim for an annual increase in dividend per share after
2026 as well. In E.ON's strategy, sustainability with an emphasis on
climate-neutral economic activities is a key growth factor that will
enable E.ON to meet its dividend targets.


--- Page 46 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Forecast Report
Business Environment

Macroeconomic Situation

Economic growth forecasts remained fraught with uncertainty in
view of the difficulty in predicting the course of the Covid-19 pan-
demic and its implications. As long as large parts of the world’s
population remain unvaccinated and there is a risk of new outbreaks,
the recovery of the global economy will be uneven and remain
vulnerable to setbacks. Although the global economy as a whole
returned to its pre-pandemic level in 2021, experts believe that
individual economies will recover and develop very differently in the
future. For example, the OECD estimates that Europe could recover
in around three years, whereas in countries like Mexico and South
Africa this process could take three to five years. The German econ-
omy could return to normal capacity utilization some time in 2022.
Alongside more vaccinations, the economic recovery would be
spurred by further increases in consumption; high household savings,
low financing costs, and also government stimulus could also help
boost to the economy's upward trend.

The OECD's economic outlook from December 2021 predicts global
gross domestic product ("GDP") growth of 4.5 percent in 2022. The
European Union's Economic Forecast anticipates GDP growth of
4.3 percent in 2022 for both the EU and the eurozone.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

The overall mood clouded over somewhat in the course of 2021.
The main causes worldwide were rising energy prices and the
resulting increase in inflation. In the spring, the German Council of
Economic Experts was still forecasting that Germany's GDP would
grow by 4.6 percent in 2022. The council expects eurozone growth
of 4.3 percent in 2022. The German government assumes similar
figures in its fall GDP forecast for Germany. This scenario, published
in late October 2021, predicts growth of 4.1 percent in 2022 and
1.6 percent in 2023.

General Statement on E.ON's Anticipated
Development

In November 2021 E.ON's reconfigured Management Board com-
municated a growth strategy as well as a forecast for the next five
years that represents the continuation of the corporate restructur-
ing of recent years. E.ON's growth ambitions will continue to be
significantly shaped by sustainability and digitalization. The operat-
ing business will likely be less affected by the Covid-19 pandemic
in 2022 than by possible disruptions on wholesale energy markets,
due in part to current developments in the Ukraine conflict. There is
currently a high degree of uncertainty regarding the conflict
between Russia and Ukraine and its economic repercussions. E.ON
mainly perceives risks for commodity markets and associated credit
and liquidity risks as well as valuation risks for investments, among
others the stake in Nord Stream AG held in the plan assets for

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

50

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

pensions. In addition, political or regulatory measures could have an
indirect or direct impact on business operations in individual coun-
tries. Overall, the effect of the conflict and of a possible further
escalation on E.ON's business performance in 2022 and key perfor-
mance indicators cannot be sufficiently estimated at the present
time and is therefore not included in the forecast.

Anti

pated Earnings and Financial Situation

Forecast Earnings Performance

E.ON's most important key performance indicators effective the
2022 financial year are adjusted EBITDA, investments, and earnings
per share based on adjusted net income ("EPS"). E.ON expects to
record adjusted EBITDA of €7.6 to €7.8 billion in the 2022 financial
year. It anticipates adjusted net income in 2022 of €2.3 to €2.5 billion
or €0.88 to €0.96 per share (based on 2,609 million shares out-
standing).

Forecast by segment:

Adjusted EBITDA?

€ in billions 2022 (forecast)
Energy Networks 5.50 5.7
Customer Solutions 15to1.7
Corporate Functions/Other about -0.2
Core Business 6.9t07.1
Non-Core Business 0.6 to 0.8
E.ON Group 7.6 to 7.8

“Adjusted for non-operating effects.


--- Page 47 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

E.ON expects Energy Networks’ earnings to increase significantly
relative to the prior financial year. This performance will reflect the
further expansion of this segment's regulated asset base due to
additional investments. The implementation of planned synergies
and the reversal of negative earnings effects resulting from the
Covid-19 pandemic in prior years will also have a positive impact,
particularly in the network business in Germany. Earnings will be
adversely affected by the significant rise in costs for the procure-
ment of network losses, particularly in Sweden and East-Central
Europe/Turkey, which in many markets can only be passed through
after a delay due to existing regulatory mechanisms.

Customer Solutions’ earnings are expected to be above the prior-
year level. The Company expects a positive performance, especially
through the leveraging of synergies, primarily in Germany. At the
same time, successful restructuring in the United Kingdom will
serve to increase earnings. The segment will also benefit from addi-
tional growth in distributed EIS activities.

Earnings reported at Corporate Functions/Other are expected to

be at the prior-year level. The realization of additional synergies will
be offset by expenditures to establish new, particularly digital busi-
nesses.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

Earnings at Non-Core Business are expected to be significantly below
the prior-year level. The decline is attributable to PreussenElektra
and results from the end of operations of Grohnde and Brokdorf
nuclear power plants on December 31, 2021. By contrast, this busi-
ness will benefit from higher sales prices. In addition, earnings in
2021 were positively affected by the refund of prior purchases of
residual power output rights.

Planned Investments

Investments in the sustainable expansion and digital transformation
of energy networks and activities relating to customer solutions are
the basis for the value-driven growth E.ON aims for. Investments of
about €5.3 billion are therefore planned for the 2022 financial year.

Cash-Effective Investments: 2022 Plan

€inbillions Percentages
Energy Networks -4.1 77
Customer Solutions -11 21
Corporate Functions/Other 2
Core Business 100
Non-Core Business 0
Total 100

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

51

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

E.ON will make most of these investments in its Energy Networks
segment, the backbone of a successful energy transition. Investments
will go towards expanding, enhancing, and modernizing networks,
switching equipment, and metering and control technology in order
to ensure the reliable, uninterrupted, and sustainable distribution
of electricity and to meet rising energy demand. In addition, E.ON
will invest in the digitalization of network planning, monitoring, and
control.

Customer Solutions’ investments will mainly go toward expanding
the EIS business of providing climate-friendly, distributed energy
infrastructure solutions, particularly in our markets in Sweden,
Germany, and the United Kingdom. E.ON will also invest in IT, smart
meters and conventional residential meters, smart solutions for
eMobility, and integrated energy solutions.

Corporate Functions/Other's investments will go mainly toward
Group-wide IT infrastructure and digital platforms for the networks
and customer solutions businesses. No significant investments are
expected at Non-Core Business.


--- Page 48 ---

= Contents © Search << Back

> Corporate Profile © -> Strategyand Innovation  -> Employees
+> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

Risks and Chances Report

Enterprise Risk Management System in the Narrow Sense

Combined Group Management Report 52

> Business Report > ForecastReport > Risks and Chances Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers > Corporate Governance Declaration

Objective

E.ON's Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") provides the manage-

ment of all units as well as the E.ON Group with a fair and realistic
view of the risks and chances resulting from their planned and con-
tracted business activities. It provides:

* meaningful information about risks and chances to the business,
thereby enabling the business to derive individual risks/chances
as well as aggregate risk profiles within the time horizon of the
medium-term plan

* transparency on E.ON’s risk position in compliance with legal
requirements including KonTraG, BilMoG, and BilReG.

E.ON's ERM is based on a centralized governance approach which
Govern and defines standardized processes and tools covering the identification,

Consolidate

evaluation, countermeasures, monitoring, and reporting of risks
and chances. Overall governance is provided by Group Risk Manage-
ment on behalf of the E.ON SE Risk Committee.

All risks and chances have an accountable member of the Manage-
ment Board, have a designated risk owner who remains operation-
ally responsible for managing that risk/chance, and are identified in

Identify, Evaluate a dedicated bottom-up process.
and Manage

E.ON SE Financial Statements pursuant to German GAAP and Combined Group Management Report for the 2021 Financial Year


--- Page 49 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

E.ON strives to operate responsibly at all times and therefore
monitors all the material impacts of its business activities. Alongside
financial aspects, E.ON also considers environmental, social, and
governance (“ESG") aspects along its value chain. The systematic
consideration of non-financial issues enables the Company to iden-
tify opportunities and risks for business development at an early
stage.

In 2021 E.ON integrated the reporting of non-financial risks related
to ESG and their impact on the Group into the ERM. All risks and
chances related to ESG are identified in the ERM system.

In 2021 E.ON for the first time developed a qualitative scenario
analysis describing the impact of three different climate scenarios
on E.ON and on individual E.ON business units through 2050. This
involved defining reference scenarios and assessing and identifying
the relevant business units on the basis of key value drivers and
related key performance indicators ("KPIs"). The next step was to
develop a qualitative scenario impact analysis by analyzing the
key value drivers identified by the business units and performing a
risk assessment as well as by evaluating the business impacts and
developing strategic recommendations.

Scope

E.ON's risk management system in the broader sense has a total of
four components:

¢ an internal monitoring system
* amanagement information system
* preventive measures

* the ERM, which is a risk management system in the narrow sense.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

The purpose of the internal monitoring system is to ensure the
proper functioning of business processes. It consists of organiza-
tional preventive measures (such as policies and work instructions)
and internal controls and audits (particularly by Internal Audit).

The E.ON internal management information system identifies risks
early so that steps can be taken to actively address them. Close
consultation between the business units and with departments at
Corporate Functions such as Controlling, Finance, and Accounting
as well as Internal Audit is of particular importance in early risk
detection.

General Measures to Limit Risks

E.ON takes the following general preventive measures to limit risks.

Managing Legal and Regulatory Risks

E.ON engages in intensive and constructive dialog with government
agencies and policymakers in order to manage the risks resulting
from the E.ON Group's policy, legal, and regulatory environment.
Furthermore, the Company strives to conduct proper project man-
agement so as to identify early and minimize the risks attending
major investments.

E.ON attempts to minimize the operational risks of legal proceedings
and ongoing planning processes by managing them appropriately
and by designing appropriate contracts beforehand.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

53

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Managing Operational and IT Risks

To limit operational and IT risks, E.ON continually improves its
network management and the optimal asset dispatch of its assets.
At the same time, E.ON implements operational and infrastructure
improvements that will enhance the reliability of its generation
assets and distribution networks, even under extraordinarily adverse
conditions. In addition, E.ON has factored the operational and finan-
cial effects of environmental risks into its emergency plan. They are
part of a catalog of crisis and system-failure scenarios prepared for
the Group by the Incident and Crisis Management team.

E.ON IT systems are maintained and optimized by qualified E.ON
Group experts, outside experts, and a wide range of technological
security measures. In addition, the E.ON Group has in place a range
of technological and organizational measures to counter the risk of
unauthorized access to data, the misuse of data, and data loss.

Managing Health, Safety, and Environmental ("HSE"), Human
Resources ("HR"), and Other Risks

The following are among the comprehensive measures E.ON takes
to address such risks (also in conjunction with operational and IT
risks):

* systematic employee training, advanced training, and qualification
programs for employees

¢ further refinement of production procedures, processes, and
technologies

¢ regular facility and network maintenance and inspection


--- Page 50 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

* company guidelines as well as work and process instructions
* quality management, control, and assurance

* project, environmental, and deterioration management

* crisis-prevention measures and emergency planning.

Should an accident occur despite the measures taken, E.ON has

a reasonable level of insurance coverage. Detailed information can
be found in the Separate Combined Non-Financial Report starting
on page 138 ©.

Managing Market Risks

E.ON uses a comprehensive sales-management system and inten-
sive customer management to manage margin risks. In order to limit
exposure to commodity price risks, EON conducts systematic risk
management. The key elements of the Company's risk management
are, in addition to binding Group-wide policies and a Group-wide
reporting system, the use of quantitative key figures, the limitation
of risks, and the strict separation of functions between departments.
Furthermore, E.ON utilizes derivative financial instruments that are
commonly used in the marketplace. These instruments are trans-
acted with financial institutions, brokers, power exchanges, and third
parties whose creditworthiness is monitored on an ongoing basis.
E.ON's local sales units and the remaining generation operations
conduct local risk management under central governance standards
to monitor these underlying commodity risks and to minimize them
through hedging.

Managing Strategic Risks

E.ON has comprehensive preventive measures in place to manage
potential risks relating to acquisitions and investments. These mea-
sures include, in addition to the relevant company guidelines and

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

manuals, comprehensive due diligence, legally binding contracts,
a multistage approvals process, and shareholding and project con-
trolling. Comprehensive post-acquisition projects also contribute to
successful integration.

Managing Finance and Treasury Risks

This category encompasses credit, interest-rate, currency, tax, and
asset-management risks and chances. E.ON uses systematic risk
management to monitor and control its interest-rate and currency
risks and manage these risks using derivative and non-derivative
financial instruments. Here, E.ON SE plays a central role by aggre-
gating risk positions through intragroup transactions and hedging
these risks in the market. Due to E.ON SE's intermediary role, its
risk position is largely closed.

In the context of Group-wide credit risk management, E.ON sys-
tematically assesses and monitors the creditworthiness of its busi-
ness partners on the basis of Group-wide minimum standards.
E.ON manages credit risk by taking appropriate measures, which
include obtaining collateral and setting limits. The E.ON Group's
Risk Committee is regularly informed about credit risks. A further
component of E.ON's risk management is a conservative invest-
ment strategy for financial funds and a broadly diversified portfolio.

Note 31 © to the Consolidated Financial Statements contains
detailed information about the use of derivative financial instru-
ments and hedging transactions. Note 32 © describes the general
principles of E.ON's risk management and applicable risk metrics
for quantifying risks relating to commodities, credit, liquidity, inter-
est rates, and currency translation.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

54

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM")

E.ON's ERM, which is the basis for the risks and chances described
in the next section, encompasses:

* systematic risk and chance identification
¢ risk and chance analysis and evaluation

* management and monitoring of risks and chances by analyzing
and evaluating countermeasures and preventive systems

¢ documentation and reporting.

As required by law, E.ON's ERM''s effectiveness is reviewed regularly
by Internal Audit. In compliance with the provisions of Section 91,
Paragraph 2, of the German Stock Corporation Act relating to the
establishment of a risk-monitoring and early warning system, E.ON
has a Risk Committee for the E.ON Group and for each of its business
units. The Risk Committee's mission is to achieve a comprehensive
view of E.ON's risk exposure at the Group and unit level and to
actively manage risk exposure in line with E.ON's risk strategy.

The ERM applies to all fully consolidated E.ON Group companies
and all companies valued at equity whose book value is greater
than €50 million. E.ON takes an inventory of its risks and chances
at each quarterly balance-sheet date.

To promote uniform financial reporting Group-wide, E.ON has in
place a central, standardized system that enables effective and
automated risk reporting. Company data are systematically collected,
transparently processed, and made available for analysis both cen-
trally and decentrally at the units.


--- Page 51 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Risks and Chances
Methodology

E.ON's IT-based system for reporting risks and chances has the
following risk categories:

Risk Category

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

Risk category Examples

Legal and regulatory risks

Policy and legal risks and chances, regulatory risks, risks from public consent processes

Operational and IT risks
facilities, new-build risks

IT and process risks and chances, risks and chances relating to the operation of generation assets, networks, and other

HSE, HR, and other

Health, safety, and environmental risks and chances

Market risks

Risks and chances from the development of commodity prices and margins and from changes in market liquidity

Strategic risks

Risks and chances from investments and disposals

Finance and treasury risks

Credit, interest-rate, foreign-currency, tax, and asset-management risks and chances

E.ON uses a multistep process to identify, evaluate, simulate, and
classify risks and chances. Risks and chances are generally reported
on the basis of objective evaluations. If this is not possible, estimates
by in-house experts are used. The evaluation measures a risk/chance’s
financial impact on the current earnings plan while factoring in
risk-reducing countermeasures. The evaluation therefore reflects
the net risk.

For quantifiable risks and chances, E.ON then evaluates the likelihood
of occurrence and the potential loss or damage. In the commodity
business, for example, commodity prices can rise or fall. This type
of risk is modeled with a normal distribution. Modeling is supported
by a Group-wide IT-based system. Extremely unlikely events—those
whose likelihood of occurrence is 5 percent or less—are classified as
tail events. Tail events are not included in the simulation described
below.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

55

> ForecastReport > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

This statistical distribution makes it possible for E.ON's internal risk
management system to conduct a Monte Carlo simulation of these
risks. This yields an aggregated risk distribution that is quantified as
the deviation from the Company's current earnings plan for
adjusted EBITDA.

E.ON uses the 5th and 95th percentiles of this aggregated risk dis-

tribution as the worst case and best case, respectively. Statistically,
this means that with this risk distribution there is a 90-percent like-
lihood that the deviation from the Company's current earnings plan
for adjusted EBITDA will remain within these extremes.

The last step is to assign, in accordance with the 5th and 95th per-
centiles, the aggregated risk distribution to impact classes—low,
moderate, medium, major, and high—according to their quantitative
impact on planned adjusted EBITDA. The impact classes are shown
in the table below.

Impact Classes

Low x < €10 million
Moderate €10 million < x < €50 million
Medium, €50 million < x < €200 million
Major €200 million < x < €1 billion
High x 2 €1 billion



--- Page 52 ---

= Contents ©) Search << Back

General Risk Situation

The table below shows the average annual aggregated risk position
(aggregated risk distribution) across the time horizon of the medium-
term plan for all quantifiable risks and chances (excluding tail events)
for each risk category based on E.ON's most important financial key
performance indicator, adjusted EBITDA.

> Corporate Profile > Strategy and Innovation

> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

Risk Position

Risk category Worst case (5th percentile) Best case (95th percentile)
Legal and regulatory risks Major Major

Operational and IT risks Medium Low

HSE, HR, and other Low Low

Market risks Major Medium

Strategic risks Medium Moderate

Finance and treasury risks Medium Medium

The following description of risks by category alludes to the afore-
mentioned impact classes. In addition, the description of risks by
segment and category addresses major/high tail events and major/
high qualitative risks. In the case of qualitative risks (which by defi-
nition are more difficult to assess both in terms of their loss amount
and probability), a further distinction is made between risks with a

low probability (6 percent < x < 25 percent) and a medium proba-
bility (26 percent < x $ 50 percent). Example: in category x, there is
arisk y (medium, high) and a risk z (low, high).

In the case of tail events and qualitative risks, the focus is not only
on E.ON's key performance indicator, adjusted EBITDA, but also on
other indicators relating to its asset and financial position.

Combined Group Management Report 56

> Business Report > ForecastReport > Risks and Chances Report
~ Disclosures Regarding Takeovers > Corporate Governance Declaration

The E.ON Group has major risk positions in the following categories:
market risks as well as legal and regulatory risks. As a result, the
aggregate risk position of E.ON SE as a Group is major. In other words,
the E.ON Group's average annual adjusted EBITDA risk ought not to
exceed -€200 million to -€1 billion in 95 percent of all cases.

The E.ON Group's overall risk situation at the end of 2021 was
influenced primarily by sharply higher commodity prices. First, they
affect PreussenElektra’s remaining power generation activities;
second, they are a major risk factor for volume and price effects and
also for potential credit losses in the sales business. In addition,
high commodity prices lead to an increase in counterparty risks
(tail/high).

At the time of preparing this report, it is not possible to make any
specific assessments of other possible implications of the current
crisis in Ukraine beyond the increase in commodity prices that is
factored into the risk assessment. Potential implications for the
Nord Stream AG stake held in pension plan assets will depend on
political developments, in particular trade relations with Russia. In
addition, political or regulatory measures could have an indirect or
direct impact on business operations in individual countries.

The network business could also experience a decline in sales volume,
credit losses, and price increases for network losses which result in
lower earnings. A distinctive feature of the network business, how-
ever, is that regulatory mechanisms generally foresee that volume-
driven declines in sales and price-driven cost increases for network
losses can generally be recovered in subsequent years by corre-
sponding adjustments to network tariffs.


--- Page 53 ---

© Back

= Contents

Q, Search

Risks and Chances by Segment

Energy Networks

The operation of energy networks is subject to a large degree of
government regulation. New laws (tail/high) and regulatory periods
cause uncertainty for this business (medium/medium). In addition,
matters related to Germany's Renewable Energy Sources Act, such
as issues regarding solar energy, can cause temporary fluctuations
in cash flow and adjusted EBITDA (tail/major). This could create
major chances as well as pose a major risk. The rapid growth of
renewables is also creating new risks for the network business. For
example, insolvencies among renewables operators or feed-in tariffs
unduly paid by grid operators lead to court or regulatory proceedings.

Customer Solutions

The E.ON Group's operations subject it to certain risks relating to
legal proceedings, ongoing planning processes, and regulatory
changes. But these risks also relate, in particular, to legal actions
and proceedings concerning contract and price adjustments to
reflect market dislocations or (including as a consequence of the
energy transition) an altered business climate in the power and gas
business, alleged price-rigging, and anticompetitive practices. This
could pose a major risk (tail/high).

PreussenElektra

PreussenElektra's business is substantially influenced by regulation.
In general, regulation can result in risks for its remaining operating
and dismantling activities. One example is impact of Fukushima
nuclear accident. Policy measures taken in response to such events
could have a direct impact on the further operation of a nuclear

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

power plant ("NPP") (tail/high) or trigger liabilities and significant
payment obligations stemming from the solidarity obligation agreed
on among German NPP operators (tail/high). Furthermore, new
regulatory requirements, such as additional mandatory safety mea-
sures or delays in dismantling, could lead to production outages
and higher costs. In addition, there may be lawsuits that fundamen-
tally challenge the operation of NPPs. Regulation can also require
an increase in provisions for dismantling. These factors could pose
major risks for E.ON.

Risks and Chances by Category

E.ON's major risks and chances by risk category are described below.
Also described are major risks and chances stemming from tail
events as well as qualitative risks that would impact adjusted EBITDA
by more than €200 million. Risks and chances that would affect
planned net income and/or cash flow by more than €200 million
are included as well.

Legal and Regulatory Risks

The political, legal, and regulatory environment in which the E.ON
Group does business is a source of risks. This could confront E.ON
with direct and indirect consequences that could lead to possible
financial disadvantages. New risks—but also opportunities—arise
from energy-policy decisions at the European and national level.
Foremost among them are the European Commission's Green Deal,
which was presented in 2019 and revised and expanded in late
2020, and the German federal government's decision to phase out
conventional hard-coal- and lignite-fired power generation (the

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

57

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Coal Phaseout Law of August 2020). The achievement of these
(environmental) policy objectives will require legal and regulatory
implementation measures that themselves would pose new risks
for certain E.ON Group business operations.

In the wake of the economic and financial crisis in many EU member
states, interventionist policies and regulations have been adopted
in recent years, such as additional taxes and additional reporting
requirements (for example, EMIR, MAR, REMIT, MiFID2). The rele-
vant agencies monitor compliance with these regulations closely.
This leads to attendant risks for E.ON's operations. The same applies
to price moratoriums, regulated price reductions, and changes to
support schemes for renewables, which could pose risks to, as well
as create opportunities for, E.ON's operations in the respective
countries.

This risk category also includes major risks arising from possible
litigation, fines, and claims, governance and compliance issues, as
well as risks and chances related to contracts and permits. Changes
to this environment can lead to considerable uncertainty with
regard to planning and, under certain circumstances, to impairment
charges but can also create chances. This results in a major risk and
amedium chance position.


--- Page 54 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Asignificant change will result from Germany's implementation of
the European Court of Justice's ruling requiring it to form a largely
independent national regulatory agency, which could have an
impact on the other EU countries in which E.ON conducts regulated
business activities (low/major).

Operational and IT Risks

The operational and strategic management of the E.ON Group relies
heavily on complex information technology ("IT") and complex
operational technology ("OT"). This includes risks and chances in
conjunction with information security and the security of operating
processes in E.ON's business segments.

Cybersecurity and the continuous protection of IT and OT systems
against cyberattacks is a focus area of E.ON's risk management.
Examples include the analysis of attacks on the systems of the net-
work business (which could affect the operation of E.ON's critical
infrastructure), on the sales business (which could result in the loss
of customer data), and on internal systems (which E.ON uses to
control commercial processes in all its business units). It is import-
ant that the operating units and the Cybersecurity and Enterprise
Risk Management divisions jointly and proactively evaluate and
manage risks for E.ON.

Technologically complex production facilities are used in the pro-
duction and distribution of energy, resulting in major risks from
procurement and logistics, construction, operations and mainte-
nance of assets as well as general project risks. In the case of

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

PreussenElektra, this also includes dismantling activities. E.ON's
operations in and outside Germany face major risks of a power fail-
ure, power-plant shutdown, and higher costs and additional invest-
ments resulting from unanticipated operational disruption or other
problems. Operational failures or extended production stoppages of
facilities or components of facilities as well as environmental dam-
age could negatively impact earnings, affect the cost situation, and/
or result in the imposition of fines. In unlikely cases, this could lead
to a high risk. Overall, it results in a medium risk position and a low
chance position in this category. General project risks can include a
delay in projects and increased capital requirements.

Extraordinary environmental events could also affect the operation
of energy networks or equipment and equipment components. This
could pose a liquidity risk for E.ON (tail/high).

E.ON could also be subject to environmental liabilities associated
with its power generation operations that could materially and
adversely affect its business. In addition, new or amended environ-
mental laws and regulations may result in cost increases for E.ON.

HSE, HR, and Other Risks

Health and occupational safety are important aspects of E.ON's
day-to-day business. The Company's operating activities can there-
fore pose risks in these areas and create social and environmental
risks and chances. In addition, E.ON's operating business potentially
faces risks resulting from human error and employee turnover. It is
important that E.ON act responsibly along its entire value chain and

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

58

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

that it communicates consistently, enhances the dialog, and main-
tains good relationships with key stakeholders. E.ON actively con-
siders environmental, social, and corporate-governance issues.
These efforts support the Company's business decisions and public
relations. E.ON's objective is to minimize reputational risks and
retain public support so that the Company can continue to operate
its business successfully. These matters do not result in a major risk
or chance position.

In the past, predecessor entities of EON SE conducted mining
operations, resulting in obligations in North Rhine-Westphalia and
Bavaria (low/major). E.ON SE can be held responsible for damage.
This could lead to major individual risks that E.ON currently only
evaluates qualitatively.

Market Risks

E.ON's units operate in an international market environment that is
characterized by general risks relating to the business cycle. In
addition, the entry of new suppliers into the marketplace along with
more aggressive tactics by existing market participants and reputa-
tional risks have created a keener competitive environment for the
Company's sales business in and outside Germany, which could
reduce margins. However, market developments could also have a
positive impact on E.ON's business. Such factors include wholesale
and retail price developments, customer churn rates, and tempo-
rary volume effects in the network business. This results in a major
risk and chance position in this category.


--- Page 55 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

The demand for electric power and natural gas is seasonal, with
E.ON's operations generally experiencing higher demand during the
cold-weather months of October through March and lower demand
during the warm-weather months of April through September. As
aresult of these seasonal patterns, E.ON's sales and results of oper-
ations are higher in the first and fourth quarters and lower in the
second and third quarters. E.ON procures the required quantities of
electricity and gas for its customers based on robust demand fore-
casting methods. Nevertheless, actual customer demand may devi-
ate from the forecast owing to various factors (such as the weather
and the economy). Such deviations could have a positive or negative
business impact, particularly in an environment of highly volatile
prices. E.ON aims to reduce these impacts by, for example, pursuing
a prudent hedging strategy in conjunction with a proactive approach
to reforecasting or by pricing its risks vis-a-vis customers.

After the Uniper spinoff, E.ON established its own procurement
organization for its sales business and ensured market access for the
output of its remaining energy production in order to manage the
remaining commodity risks accordingly. In addition, EON founded a
new subsidiary, EON Energy Markets GmbH ("EEM"), which functions
as a central interface to wholesale markets. EEM's main purpose is
to consolidate E.ON's commodity positions in order to diversify and
mitigate credit and margin risks. EEM has so far acted on behalf of
the main E.ON procurement portfolios in Germany and the Nether-
lands; other countries will be added successively.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

Strategic Risks

E.ON's business strategy involves acquisitions and investments in
its core business as well as disposals. This strategy depends in part
on the ability to successfully identify, acquire, and integrate com-
panies that enhance, on acceptable terms, the Company's energy
business. In order to obtain the necessary approvals for acquisitions,
E.ON may be required to divest other parts of its business or to
make concessions or undertakings that affect its business. In addi-
tion, there can be no assurance that E.ON will be able to achieve the
returns expected from any acquisition or investment. It is also pos-
sible that E.ON will not be able to realize its strategic ambition of
enlarging its investment pipeline and that significant amounts of capi-
tal could be used for other opportunities. The overall risk and chance
position in this category was not major at the balance-sheet date.

Furthermore, investments and acquisitions in new geographic areas
or lines of business require E.ON to become familiar with new sales
markets and competitors and to address the attending business
risks (medium/major).

In the case of planned disposals, E.ON faces the risk of disposals
not taking place or being delayed and the risk that E.ON receives
lower-than-anticipated disposal proceeds. In addition, after trans-
actions close E.ON could face major liability risks resulting from
contractual obligations (tail/major).

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

59

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Finance and Treasury Risks

E.ON is exposed to credit risk in its operating activities and through
the use of financial instruments. Credit risk results from non-delivery
or partial delivery by a counterparty of the agreed consideration for
services rendered, from total or partial failure to make payments
owed on existing accounts receivable, and from replacement risks
in open transactions. For example, E.ON's historical connection with
Uniper and RWE continues to pose a major, albeit unlikely, risk. In
addition, in unlikely cases joint and several liability for jointly oper-
ated power plants could lead to a major risk.

E.ON's international business operations expose it to risks from
currency fluctuation. One form of this risk is transaction risk, which
arises when payments are made in a currency other than E.ON's
functional currency. Another form of risk is translation risk, which
arises when currency fluctuations lead to accounting effects when
assets/liabilities and income/expenses of E.ON companies outside
the eurozone are translated into euros and entered into E.ON's Con-
solidated Financial Statements. Positive developments in foreign-
currency rates can also create chances for E.ON's operating business.

E.ON faces earnings risks relating to net income from financial
liabilities and interest-rate derivatives that are based on variable
interest rates and from non-current asset-retirement obligations.


--- Page 56 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Derivative transactions may result in short-term cash inflows or
outflows. This relates in particular to margin payments for electricity
and gas procurement transactions on energy exchanges. The
additional liquidity requirements potentially resulting from this are
factored into in E.ON's financing strategy.

In addition, the price changes and other uncertainty relating to the
current and non-current investments E.ON makes to cover its
non-current obligations (particularly pension and asset-retirement
obligations) could, in individual cases, be major.

In principle, E.ON could also encounter tax risks and chances.

This category has a medium risk and a major chance position.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

Furthermore, declining or rising discount rates could lead to
increased or reduced provisions for pensions and asset-retirement
obligations, including non-current liabilities (tail, high). This can
create a high balance-sheet risk for E.ON.

Refinancing terms on debt capital markets depend in part on rating
agencies’ credit ratings. Rating agencies Moody's and S&P have
given E.ON a strong investment-grade rating. E.ON has contracts
that would trigger additional collateral requirements if certain rating
levels were not met. Consequently, significant rating downgrades
could lead to additional liquidity requirements (tail/high). On the other
hand, positive business performance or further debt reduction could
have a positive impact on E.ON's rating.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

60

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Management Board's Evaluation of the Risk and
Chances Situation

The E.ON Group's overall risk and chances situation at year-end
2021 did not change materially relative to year-end 2020 owing to
offsetting effects across the risk categories. Although the average
annual risk for the E.ON Group's adjusted EBITDA is classified as
major and despite the expansion of its risk and chance position in the
category market risks due to higher commodity prices, from today's
perspective E.ON does not perceive any risk profile that could
threaten the existence of E.ON SE, the E.ON Group, or individual
segments.


--- Page 57 ---

= Contents

Q, Search

© Back

Disclosures Pursuant to Section 289, Paragraph 4,
and Section 315, Paragraph 4 of the German
Commercial Code on the Internal Control System
for the Accounting Process

General Principles

E.ON applies Section 315e, Paragraph 1, of the German Commer-
cial Code and prepares its Consolidated Financial Statements in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS")
and the interpretations of the IFRS Interpretations Committee
("IFRSIC") that were adopted by the European Commission for use
in the EU as of the end of the fiscal year and whose application was
mandatory as of the balance-sheet date (see Note 1 © to the
Consolidated Financial Statements). Energy Networks (Germany,
Sweden, and East-Central Europe/Turkey), Customer Solutions
(Germany, United Kingdom, Netherlands/Belgium, Other), Non-
Core Business, and Corporate Functions/Other are the Company's
IFRS-reportable segments.

E.ON SE prepares its Financial Statements in accordance with the
German Commercial Code, the SE Ordinance (in conjunction with
the German Stock Corporation Act), and the German Energy Act.

E.ON prepares a Combined Group Management Report which
applies to both the E.ON Group and E.ON SE.

Accounting Process

All companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements
must comply with E.ON's uniform Accounting and Reporting

Guidelines for the Annual Consolidated Financial Statements and
the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. These guidelines

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
+ Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

describe applicable IFRS accounting and valuation principles. They
also explain accounting principles typical in the E.ON Group, such as
those for provisions for nuclear-waste management, the treatment
of financial instruments, and the treatment of regulatory obligations.
E.ON regularly analyzes amendments to laws, new or amended
accounting standards, and other important pronouncements for
their relevance to, and consequences for, the Consolidated Financial
Statements and, if necessary, update its guidelines and systems
accordingly.

Corporate Functions defines and oversees the roles and responsi-
bilities of various Group entities in the preparation of E.ON SE's
Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements.
These roles and responsibilities are described in a Group Policy
document.

E.ON Group companies are responsible for preparing their financial
statements in a proper and timely manner. They receive substantial
support from Business Service Centers in Regensburg, Germany;
Cluj, Romania; and Krakow, Poland. E.ON SE combines the financial
statements of subsidiaries belonging to its scope of consolidation
into its Consolidated Financial Statements using standard consoli-
dation software. Group Accounting is responsible for conducting the
consolidation and for monitoring adherence to the guidelines for
scheduling, processes, and contents. Monitoring by means of sys-
tem-based automated controls is supplemented by manual checks.

In conjunction with the year-end closing process, additional qualita-
tive and quantitative information relevant for accounting is compiled.
Furthermore, dedicated quality-control processes are in place for
all relevant departments to discuss and ensure the completeness
of important information on a regular basis.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

61

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

E.ON SE's Financial Statements are prepared with SAP software.
The accounting and preparation processes are divided into discrete
functional steps. Bookkeeping processes have largely been out-
sourced to E.ON's Business Service Centers. Cluj has the primary
responsibility for processes relating to subsidiary ledgers and sev-
eral bank activities. Regensburg has the principal responsibility for
processes relating to the general ledgers. Automated or manual
controls are integrated into each step. Defined procedures ensure
that all transactions and the preparation of E.ON SE's Financial
Statements are recorded, processed, assigned on an accrual basis,
and documented in a complete, timely, and accurate manner. Rele-
vant data from E.ON SE's Financial Statements are, if necessary,
adjusted to conform with IFRS and then transferred to the consoli-
dation software system using SAP-supported transfer technology.

The following explanations about E.ON's internal control system
("ICS") and its general IT controls apply equally to the Consolidated
Financial Statements and to E.ON SE's Financial Statements.

Internal Control System

The purpose of the ICS framework and the annual ICS process is to
provide sufficient assurance to prevent error or fraud from resulting
in material misrepresentations in the Financial Statements, the
Combined Group Management Report, the Half-Year Financial
Report, and the Quarterly Statements.

The management of each unit in the E.ON Group is legally respon-
sible for establishing and maintaining an adequate and effective
internal control system ("ICS"). The ICS department at Corporate
Audit is responsible for the oversight and coordination of the overall
ICS process in order to ensure an effective ICS in the E.ON Group.
For this purpose, the ICS department at Corporate Audit provides


--- Page 58 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

the ICS framework and the necessary tools. An ICS Business Partner
("ICS BP") is assigned to each unit which is of particular importance
to the E.ON Group and therefore in the ICS documentation scope.
The ICS BP is responsible for coordinating and monitoring the unit's
ICS activities and advises and supports management in implement-
ing an effective internal control system. The unit's management
remains responsible for the appropriateness and effectiveness of the
implemented ICS. The ICS BP concept ensures a uniform approach
as well as consistent and efficient collaboration and fosters con-
tinuous improvement through extensive information-sharing among
the Group companies.

E.ON's ICS Framework

E.ON's ICS is based on the globally recognized COSO framework
from May 2013 (COSO: The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission).

The ICS Principles, which define the minimum requirements for an
effective internal control system, are a key component of E.ON's
ICS. They contain overarching principles such as authorization, seg-
regation of duties, and master data management as well as specific
requirements for managing potential risks in various areas and pro-
cesses, such as supplier monitoring, project management, invoice
verification, and payments. All fully consolidated companies and
majority-owned units are subject to the ICS Principles.

In addition to the ICS Principles, certain units of special importance
to the E.ON Grouxp's Consolidated Financial Statements must fulfill
several additional ICS requirements for selected processes. These
requirements relate to the documentation and assessment of the
relevant processes and controls—the ICS model—as well as reporting
to Corporate Audit. The ICS model, which incorporates company-
and industry-specific aspects, defines potential risks for accounting
(financial reporting) at the operating units, serves as a checklist,
and provides guidance for the establishment of internal controls as
well as their documentation and implementation, and is thus an
integral part of the accounting processes.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
+ Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

A functionally managed digital organization and third-party service
providers provide IT and digital services for the E.ON Group. IT sys-
tems used for accounting are subject to the internal control system
framework, which includes IT general controls, such as access con-
trols, segregation of duties, processing controls, measures to prevent
the intentional and unintentional falsification of the programs, data,
and documents as well as controls related to supplier monitoring.
The documentation of the IT general controls is stored in E.ON's
documentation system.

Each year, qualitative criteria and quantitative materiality aspects
are used to determine which financial-reporting processes and con-
trols must be documented and assessed by which E.ON units.

E.ON units in the ICS documentation scope use a central documen-
tation system (SAP-GRC) for this purpose. The system contains the
scope, detailed documentation requirements, the assessment
requirements for process owners, and the final Sign-Off process.

Management Self-Assessment and Control Tests

After E.ON units have documented their processes and controls,
the individual process owners conduct an annual assessment of the
design and the operational effectiveness of the controls embedded
in these processes and the ICS principles. This is known as a man-
agement self-assessment. The assessment is supported by tests of
control effectiveness for selective risk areas. Corporate Audit's ICS
department defines the methodology for these tests, which are
conducted by the process owners or employees assigned by them.

> Business Report
> Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

62

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

In addition, the effectiveness of the internal controls is audited by
Internal Audit. These audits are conducted based on a risk-oriented
audit plan. Any identified deficiencies are reported to the relevant
companies.

Furthermore, the general IT controls, the controls of the Business
Service Centers in Regensburg and Cluj, the controls of the Human
Resources Service Center in Germany (E.ON Country Hub Germany
GmbH), and the controls of the Pension Service Company in Ger-
many (Energie Pensions-Management GmbH) were audited as part
of the audit of the Group's Consolidated Financial Statements.

The findings of the management self-assessments and the audits
are included in the annual report on the effectiveness of the entire
E.ON Group's ICS and are reported to the EON SE Management
Board.

Sign-Off Process

Based on the self-assessment result and internal and external audit
findings, the respective management of the unit conducts the final
Sign-Off. The final step of the internal evaluation process is the
submission of a formal written declaration confirming the ICS's
effectiveness ("Sign-Off"). The Sign-Off process is conducted at all
levels of the Group companies before E.ON SE, as the final step,
conducts it for the Group as a whole. The Chairman of the E.ON SE
Management Board and the Chief Financial Officer perform the
final Sign-Off for the E.ON Group.

Corporate Audit regularly informs the E.ON SE Supervisory Board's
Audit & Risk Committee about the ICS for financial reporting and
about any significant deficiencies identified in the EON Group's
various processes.


--- Page 59 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

Disclosures Pursuant to Section 289a and Section
315a of the German Commercial Code and
Explanatory Report

Composition of Share Capital

The share capital totals €2,641,318,800 and consists of
2,641,318,800 registered shares without nominal value. Each
share of stock grants the same rights and one vote at a Share-
holders Meeting.

Restrictions on Voting Rights or the Transfer of
Shares

An employee stock purchase program was offered in 2021. Shares
acquired by an employee under the Company-sponsored employee
stock purchase program are subject to a blackout period that begins
the day ownership of such shares is transferred to the employee
and that ends on December 31 of the next calendar year plus one.
As arule, an employee may not sell such shares until the blackout
period has expired.

Pursuant to Section 71b of the German Stock Corporation Act
(known by its German abbreviation, “AktG"), the Company's treasury
shares give it no rights, including no voting rights.

Legal Provisions and Rules of the Company's Arti-
cles of Association Regarding the Appointment
and Dismissal of Management Board Members
and Amendments to the Articles of Association

Pursuant to the Company's Articles of Association, the Management
Board consists of at least two members. The Supervisory Board
decides on the number of members as well as on their appointment
and dismissal.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

The Supervisory Board appoints members to the Management Board
for a term not exceeding five years; reappointment is permissible.
If several persons are appointed as members of the Management
Board, the Supervisory Board may appoint one of the members as
Chairperson of the Management Board. If there is a vacancy on the
Management Board for a required member, the court makes the
necessary appointment upon petition by a concerned party in the
event of an urgent matter. The Supervisory Board may revoke the
appointment of a member of the Management Board and of the
Chairperson of the Management Board for serious cause (for further
details, see Sections 84 and 85 of the AktG).

Resolutions of the Shareholders Meeting require a majority of the
valid votes cast unless mandatory law or the Articles of Association
explicitly prescribe otherwise. An amendment to the Articles of
Association requires a two-thirds majority of the votes cast or, in
cases where at least half of the share capital is represented, a simple
majority of the votes cast unless mandatory law explicitly prescribes
another type of majority.

The Supervisory Board is authorized to decide by resolution on
amendments to the Articles of Association that affect only their
wording (Section 10, Paragraph 7, of the Articles of Association).
Furthermore, the Supervisory Board is authorized to revise the
wording of Section 3 of the Articles of Association upon utilization
of authorized or conditional capital.

Management Board's Power to Issue or Buy Back
Shares

Pursuant to a resolution of the Shareholders Meeting of May 28,
2020, the Management Board is authorized, until May 27, 2025,
to have the Company acquire treasury shares. The shares acquired
and other treasury shares that are in possession of or to be attributed
to the Company pursuant to Sections 71a et seq. of the AktG must
altogether at no point account for more than 10 percent of the
Company's share capital.

> Business Report
~ Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

63

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

At the Management Board's discretion, the acquisition may be
conducted:

* through a stock exchange

¢ by means of a public offer directed at all shareholders or a public
solicitation to submit offers

¢ by means of a public offer or a public solicitation to submit offers
for the exchange of liquid shares that are admitted to trading on
an organized market, within the meaning of the German Securities
Purchase and Takeover Law, for Company shares

¢ by the use of derivatives (put or call options or a combination of
both).

These authorizations may be utilized on one or several occasions, in
whole or in partial amounts, in pursuit of one or more objectives by
the Company and also by its affiliated companies or by third parties
for the Company's account or one of its affiliates’ account.

With regard to treasury shares that will be, or have been, acquired
based on the aforementioned authorization and/or prior authoriza-
tions by the Shareholders Meeting, the Management Board is
authorized, subject to the Supervisory Board's consent and excluding
shareholder subscription rights, to use these shares—in addition to

a disposal through a stock exchange or an offer granting a subscrip-
tion right to all shareholders—as follows:

* to be sold and transferred against cash consideration

* to be sold and transferred against contributions in kind


--- Page 60 ---

= Contents

Q Search =< Back

¢ to be used in order to satisfy the rights of creditors of bonds
with conversion or option rights or, respectively, conversion
obligations issued by the Company or its Group companies

¢ to be offered, with or without consideration, for purchase and
transferred to individuals who are or were employed by the
Company or one of its affiliates as well as to board members of
affiliates of the Company

¢ to be used for the purpose of a scrip dividend where sharehold-
ers may choose to contribute their dividend entitlement to the
Company in the form of a contribution in kind in exchange for
new shares.

In addition, the Management Board is authorized to cancel treasury
shares, without such cancellation or its implementation requiring
an additional resolution by the Shareholders Meeting.

These authorizations may be utilized on one or several occasions, in
whole or in partial amounts, separately or collectively, including
with respect to treasury shares acquired by affiliated companies or
companies majority-owned by the Company or by third parties for
their account or the Company's account.

In each case, the Management Board will inform the Shareholders
Meeting about the utilization of the aforementioned authorization,
in particular about the reasons for and the purpose of the acquisi-
tion of treasury shares, the number of treasury shares acquired, the
amount of the registered share capital attributable to them, the
portion of the registered share capital represented by them, and their
equivalent value.

Combined Group Management Report

> Corporate Profile
> Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

> Strategy and Innovation > Employees

By shareholder resolution adopted at the Annual Shareholders
Meeting of May 28, 2020, the Management Board was authorized,
subject to the Supervisory Board's approval, to increase, until May 27,
2025, the Company's share capital by a total of up to €528 million
through one or more issuances of new registered no-par-value shares
against contributions in cash and/or in kind (authorized capital pur-
suant to Sections 202 et seq. of the AktG; “Authorized Capital 2020").
Subject to the Supervisory Board's approval, the Management
Board is authorized to exclude shareholders’ subscription rights.

At the Annual Shareholders Meeting of May 28, 2020, shareholders
approved a conditional increase of the Company's share capital
(with the option to exclude shareholders’ subscription rights) up to
the amount of €264 million ("Conditional Capital 2020"). Note 20 ©
to the Consolidated Financial Statements contains more information
about Conditional Capital 2020.

Significant Agreements to Which the Company
Is a Party That Take Effect on a Change of Control
of the Company Following a Takeover Bid

The underlying contracts of debt issued since 2007 contain change-
of-control clauses that give the creditor the right of cancellation.
This applies, inter alia, to bonds issued by E.ON SE and E.ON Inter-
national Finance B.V. and guaranteed by E.ON SE and other instru-
ments such as credit contracts. Granting change-of-control rights
to creditors is considered good corporate governance and has
become standard market practice. More information about financial
liabilities is contained in the section of the Combined Group Manage-
ment Report entitled Financial Situation and in Note 27 © to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

> Business Report
~ Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

64

> Forecast Report > Risks and Chances Report

> Corporate Governance Declaration

Settlement Agreements between the Company
and Management Board Members or Employees
in the Case of a Change-of-Control Event

In the event of a premature loss of a Management Board position
due to a change-of-control event, the service agreements of Man-
agement Board members entitle them to severance and settlement
payments (see the detailed presentation in the Compensation Report).

To the extent that the Company has agreed to settlement payments
for Management Board members in the case of a change of control,
the purpose of such agreements is to preserve the independence of
Management Board members.

A cchange-of-control event would also result in the early payout of
virtual shares under the E.ON Performance Plan.

Other Disclosure Relevant to Takeovers

The Company has been notified about the following direct or indirect
interests in its share capital that exceed 10 percent of the voting
rights:

¢ notification on December 10, 2020, by RWE Aktiengesellschaft
for 15 percent of the voting rights

Stock with special rights granting power of control has not been
issued. In the case of stock given by the Company to employees,
employees exercise their rights of control directly and in accordance
with legal provisions and the provisions of the Articles of Association,
just like other shareholders.
