Chairman's message

Mle «INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Chairman's message

Sopra Steria had a good year in
2021. We comfortably achieved
the performance targets set at
the beginning of the year. The 1.1
percentage point upturn in our
operating margin on business
activity was gratifying and
supports the prospect of a
continuing improvement in our
profitability over the medium
term. | want to thank Executive
Management and every one of
the Group’s employees for this
performance in 2021.

We operate in a world that’s
been in the grip of major trans-
formations for several years now.
Amid inescapable economic
globalisation, an unprecedented
pandemic has brought new
challenges to light. Environmental
risks are becoming increasingly
conspicuous, fostering wides-
pread awareness across the
whole of society. The phenome-
non of digitalisation has now
spread well beyond the econo-
mic sphere, affecting all human
activity.

Against this backdrop and as we
emerge from the Covid crisis,
which has accelerated some of
these trends, our industry sector
cannot help but undergo a
reconfiguration of greater or
lesser scale. It’s up to us to
anticipate and be ready for
whatever changes lie ahead.

It is in this spirit that we will be
stepping up work on our five-
year plan in 2022. Without calling
into question its foundations
(independence, developing
digital services businesses under-
pinned by consulting and sof-
tware), we'll be revisiting the
elements that make up this plan
and strengthening or adjusting
them where appropriate.

Sopra Steria began 2022 with
the announcement of a change
in its Executive Management. The
Board of Directors has decided
to appoint Cyril Malargé to head
up the Group in place of Vincent
Paris, who is keen to step back
after spending more than 30

Pierre Pasquier
Chairman and Founder, Sopra Steria Group

2 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

years with the Group, including a
successful seven-year stint as
Chief Executive. There’s no doubt
in my mind that the management
transition will be seamless.

As Chairman of the Board of
Directors, I’ll continue to give my
full support to the new Executive
Management team as it seeks to
drive forward ambitious plans
involving all our stakeholders

- employees, shareholders,
customers and partners - and
aimed at delivering strong
financial performance while
making a sustainable, enlighte-
ned and human-centred contri-
bution to society.

“| want to thank Executive Management
and every one of the Group’s employees
for this performance in 2021.”
INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA =
Key figures for 2021

Key figures for 2021

Sopra Steria, a European Tech leader, recognised in consulting, digital services and software
development, helps its clients drive their digital transformation and obtain tangible and sustainable
benefits.

The Group provides end-to-end solutions to make large companies and organisations more competitive
by combining in-depth knowledge of a wide range of business sectors and innovative technologies with a
fully collaborative approach.

Sopra Steria places people at the heart of everything it does and is committed to making digital
technology work for its clients in order to build a positive future.

Revenue

€4.0bn _ Digital services
€4./bn —
e €0.7bn Development of business solutions

Organic growth of 6.4%!

Operating profit on business activity Equity Number of employees

€379.2m €1.6bn 47,437

8.1% of revenue

Net financial debt Number of offices

Net profit attributable to the Group €327 ] ] 8 4
faa!
€] 87.7m equal to 0.73x 2021 pro forma EBITDA

before the impact of IFRS 16 .
p Number of countries

Market capitalisation at 30
31/12/2021
Basic earnings per share

€9,27 €3.3bn

4.0% of revenue

Dividend per share

€3.20°

SY Top 5 SY Top 12

(y) European digital services companie (wy) European digital services companie
1 Alternative performance measures are defined in the glossary of this document. See Chapter 5 for more
2 Dividend proposed for approval at the General Meeting of 1 June 2022 information

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 3
History and corporate plan

Mle «INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

History and corporate plan

More than 50 years of continuous growth and transformation

9

@

IT services driving
the modernisation of society

1968-69

2015

Financial performance
at the heart of strategy

Q

2.

1985 1990 1999 2000 2005
Creation of Sopra: 1968 Sopra’s IPO Steria’s IPO Acquisition of
Creation of Steria: 1969 on NYSE Euronext Paris on NYSE Euronext Paris Mummert Consulting
& Driving digital transformation
ES A
2014 2013 2012 2011 2007
Sopra Steria: birth of a European leader SSCL contract with Creation of Axway’s IPO Acquisition of Xansa,
in digital transformation the UK government Sopra Banking Software BPO expert
Creation of Sopra HR Software
A new dimension, focused on our development and competitive edge LQ,
Ss EE < ES
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Acquisition of CIMPA Acquisitions of Cassiopae, Acquisitions of Acquisition of SAB Acquisition of Acquisitions

Kentor, 2MoRO and Galitt

- BLUECARAT and It-economics
in Germany

- OR. System and Apak
by Sopra Banking Software

and SFT (V with Sparda)
Launch of the Consulting
brand: Sopra Steria Next

Sodifrance(France),
cxpartners (UK) and
Fidor Solutions for
Sopra Banking Software

of EVA Group specialised
in cybersecurity (France),
EGGS Design and

Labs (Norway)

Sopra Steria was formed from the 2014 merger between Sopra and Steria, two of France’s longest-standing digital services
companies founded in 1968 and 1969 respectively. Both companies have always been driven by entrepreneurial spirit and a
collective commitment to meeting clients’ needs. The Group is now a European leader in digital transformation solutions.

Key points of the corporate plan

An independent
model

An independent model built on
long-term vision and business perfor-
mance, upholding the Group's res-
ponsibilities to the environment and to
its stakeholders as a good corporate
citizen.

Entrepreneurial
culture

Agility, rapid decision-making, and
speed of execution are hard-wired into
Sopra Steria’s DNA. Our ethos is
predicated on an unwavering focus on
client service, autonomous decision-

making, collective endeavour and
respect for others

Importance of
human capital

A rigorous talent-focused human
resources policy combining strong
collective mindset and the

development of employees’ skills.

See Chapter 1 for more

information
A key shareholder backing the corporate plan
Other investors Individual «Srinntessessesseeseneeneenenneg
Treasury shares 4.8% investors
0.4% 11.0%
Sopra GMT
French Controlled 19.6% (29.8%)
institutional Breakdown share ownership 20547701 soesueaee ving sits
investors and interests V
XX.X% = percentage of share capital held.
26.6% at 31/12/2021 managed on > (XXX%) = percentage of exercisable
behalf of Founders & Managers voting rights.
employees 2.7% (39%)

International institutional
investors
29.1%

28.1% (41.5%)

TPI survey of identifiable owners of shares
at 31/12/2021 - Ownership threshold of over
1,000 shares.

Interests managed on
behalf of employees
5.8% (7.8%)

4 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

See Chapter 7 for more
information
INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA ES
Our mission and values

Our mission and values

Our mission

Technology serves as a gateway to infinite possibilities. As
fascinating as this never-ending stream of innovations is, it
also raises questions as to what is actually behind the
frantic race for novelty and change.

Solutions are never straightforward or obvious, and there is
certainly never just one way of doing things.

At Sopra Steria, our mission is to guide our clients, partners
and employees towards bold choices to build a positive
future by putting digital technology to work in service of
humanity.

Beyond technology, we set great store by collective intelli-

gence, in the firm belief it can help make the world a
better place.

Values that bring us together

Putting customer
service first

Respect
for others

Together, we are building a highly promising future by
delivering tangible benefits: sustainable solutions with
positive impacts that take full account of interactions

between digital technology and society.

There’s still so much more we can achieve together.
Dare together

At Sopra Steria, we strive to create a stimulating, group-
oriented environment inspiring free thinkers to engage in
open and frank discussions. Our goal is to foster the
development of skills and entrepreneurship in a community
driven by a thirst for collective success.

Taking positive
action

Professional
excellence

Collective
mindset

Openness
and curiosity

Putting customer service first

We make a commitment to our clients
over the long term to enhance their
performance and enable them to
reach the next level by leveraging our
specialised knowledge of their sector

of activity and innovative technologies.

Professional excellence

We offer our visionary, integrated
approach and our broad range of
expertise to help guide our clients,
partners and employees towards bold
choices and convert opportunities into
tangible, sustainable results.

Respect for others

Our core belief is that our collective
endeavour makes us stronger, and
that by working together we can find
the best solutions. That’s why we
always listen carefully to and forge
close relationships with our clients,
partners and employees.

Collective mindset

We believe collective intelligence,
harnessing team spirit and each
individual's talents, can help drive
positive change and make the world
a better place in a sustainable
manner, exceeding what technologies
alone can do.

SOPRA STERIA

Taking positive action

We want to make innovation deliver
results for as many people as possible
and offer sustainable solutions with a
positive impact that responsibly and
ethically shape interactions between
digital technology and society.

Openness and curiosity

We encourage a bold, curious and
accountable approach and seek to
explore new avenues and employee
innovative new technologies that can
deliver transformative changes for
everyone's benefit.

UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 5
ls INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA
Governance

Governance

Board of Directors

Chairman

Pierre Pasquier

] 5 + 12 Directors appointed by shareholders at the General Meeting
- 3 Directors representing the employees and employee shareholders
Members

a a a
42% 58% 2/5

Female Directors Male Directors Committees are chaired by women
67% 99% 635 4
Independent Directors Attendance rate of Board Average age of Directors Nationalities

of Directors

Composition at 23 February 2022
(*) 5/12 women - 7/12 men
(**) 8/12 Board members qualify as independent based on the AFEP-MEDEF Code’s requirements

It is a top priority for the Board of Directors to have a diverse range of skills. The Company has
identified ten key competencies that it would like to be represented within the Board of Directors.
These skills and areas of experience are as follows:

60% 53%

Knowledge of consulting, digital services, software Human resources and labour relations
development, ability to promote innovation.

53% 67%

Knowledge of one of the Group’s main vertical International teams and

markets organisations

47% 53%

Entrepreneurial experience Societal issues

33% 33%

CEO of an international group Knowledge of Axway Software
60% 47%

Finance, risk management and control Operational experience within the

Sopra Steria Group

See Chapter 3 for more
information

6 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021
INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA ES
Governance

Governance

Executive bodies

Chief Executive Officer

Cyril Malargé

The Group is made up of a corporate function and a number of operational divisions.

The Executive Management team is supported by the Executive Committee (ExCom), the Operations Committee and the Management
Committee.

The Executive Committee (ExCom) has 17 members. It supervises the Group's organisation, management system, major contracts and
support functions and entities. It is involved in the Group’s strategic planning and implementation. Three of its members are women.

Members of the Sopra Steria Executive Committee:

= Cyril Malargé, Chief Executive Officer Etienne du Vignaux, Finance

= Laurent Giovachini, Deputy Chief Executive Officer,
Sopra Steria’s commercial strategy and external outreach,
Defence and Security Vertical

Claire Ducos, Marketing

William Ferré, Industrial Approach

= Eric Pasquier, Software Jean-Claude Lamoureux, Consulting - Sopra Steria Next

Fabienne Mathey-Girbig, Corporate Responsibility and
Sustainable Development

= Pierre-Yves Commanay, Continental Europe

= John Neilson, United Kingdom

Xavier Pecquet, Key Accounts and Partnerships, Aeroline
= Grégory Wintrebert, France

Mohammed Sijelmassi, Technology
= Nicolas Aidoud, Financial Services

Jean-Charles Tarlier, Human Resources Development
= Yvane Bernard-Hulin, Legal

= Eric Bierry, Sopra Banking Software

17.6%

of ExCom members are women

The Operations Committee consists of the Executive Committee members and 22 operational managers and functional managers. Five of
its members are women.

The Management Committee consists of the members of the Operations Committee and 14 operational and functional managers. Nine of
its members are women.

See Chapter 1 for more
information

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 7
ls INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA
Corporate responsibility

Corporate responsibility

Together, building a positive future by
making digital work for people

At Sopra Steria, we firmly believe that digital technology can create opportunity and progress for all. When closely linked
to humanity, it creates a virtuous circle that benefits society as a whole. Sopra Steria has chosen to be a “contributor”

company involved in building a sustainable world in which everyone has a part to play.

Three ESG priorities:

Helping combat climate change
C02") Sopra Steria has committed to achieving net-zero emissions by 2028
96

» Since 2015, greenhouse gas emissions related to our direct
activities have fallen, in line with the objectives aligned with a
15°C trajectory, as certified by SBTi’;

« Progressive incorporation of emissions related to indirect activities
in the carbon neutral programme;

+ Offset of emissions not averted through investment in carbon
capture projects.

Ambitious policy of bringing more women
wre into the management team

The Group's target is for women to account for 30%

of Executive Committee members® by 2025

« Further increase in the number of female Group employees;
+ Three women joined the Executive Committee in 2021.

Digital sustainability in our value proposition
Sopra Steria is accelerating innovation and digital inclusion

« Digital systems helping our clients achieve their
sustainability goals;
¢ Digital inclusion outreach programmes.

-45.0%5

Reduction in GHG
emissions! per
employee in 2020
(baseline: 2015)

32.4%

Female percentage
of 2021 workforce
(2020: 32.5%)

174

Outreach
projects

Recognition of ESG” commitments by the leading rating agencies in 2021

Non-financial ISS QualityScore

CDP Supplier

-50.0%°

Reduction in GHG

emissions’ per

employee in 2021

(baseline: 2015)

33.0%

Percentage of

female employees

hired in 2021
(2020: 34.0%)

supported by the
Group including 17
digital projects by the
Sopra Steria-institut
de France Foundation

rating agencies hel Sustelinelyiles Wigs iis 1 for best to 10 for worst | Climate Change Engagement Rating aeoverls
AA 75/100 60/100 Top 1%
Score/Category Leader Leader Advanced 3 A Platinum

(1) Greenhouse gas emissions from business travel, offices and on-site data centres
(2) SBTi: Science Based Targets initiative

(3) Group Executive Committee

(4) Environmental, Social and Governance

(5) Excl. Covid impact; -74% incl. Covid impact

(6) Excl. Covid impact; -83.5% incl. Covid impact

8 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

See Chapter 4 for more
information
INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA ES
Corporate responsibility

Corporate responsibility

Our direct and indirect contribution to the 17 SDG
(Sustainable Development Goals) of the United Nations

Seven major commitments aligned with the business model drive the

Group's strategy with respect to Corporate Responsibility: Examples of indicators

I

To be a benchmark employer that attracts the best
talent, promotes social dialogue, diversity and equal
opportunities

To achieve net zero emissions by 2028, protecting
resources and contributing to the fight against
climate change

3 To be a long-term partner for our customers,

working closely with them on their challenges by
providing them with the best technologies with a
responsible approach that creates sustainable value

4 To conduct our business ethically and with

integrity in our day-to-day operations and
across all our activities

continuous dialogue with our stakeholders

5 To engage in constructive, transparent and

}

heed g

6 To work together with our ecosystem to adapt our

initiatives in response to the major changes we face

7 To support local communities by stepping up our

(1)
(2)
(3)

community initiatives, particularly in the field of digital

inclusion

1

eet

Excl. Covid impact, -83.5% incl. Covid impact
GHG: greenhouse gas
NegaOctet, the baseline for the environmental impact of digital technology

10,636 new hires within the Group

27 hours of training on average per employee
88.9% of our workforce is employed by a Great
Place to Work company

50,0%' reduction in GHG emissions? per
employee in 2021 (baseline: 2015)

Over 16,000 employees trained in eco-friendly
digital behaviours

80% of the 100 strategic customers
expressed satisfaction in the Customer
Voice survey

41,397 employees have completed a GDPR
training e-learning course

Evaluation of suppliers by EcoVadis
representing more than 100% of the 2021
target spend

The European Climate Pact joined NegaOctet®
and the European Green Digital Coalition as
part of our digital sobriety approach

174 outreach projects supported by the Group
including 17 digital projects by the Sopra
Steria-Institut de France Foundation

Over 800 volunteers on community

outreach programmes

SOPRASTERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 9
Business model and...

Mle «INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Business model and...

Our vision

The digital revolution has triggered a
radical transformation in our environment.

It is speeding up changes in our clients’
business models, internal processes and
information systems. In this fast-changing
environment, we bring our clients new ideas
and support them in their transformation by
making the most effective use of digital
technology.

(*) Source: Gartner, Q4 2021, in constant US dollars

Our offering

°
a
a

1

1

1

\
Infrastructure and \
\
\
\

@)

Technology Services

. Digital and Y
\ business ¢ O
pcre \\ consulting a ne
Business Process Trusted Application
Outsourcing digital services!
services

Cybersecurity

Our business

Sopra Steria provides end-to-end solutions
to address the core business needs of large
companies and organisations, helping them
remain competitive and grow, supporting
them throughout their digital transformation
in Europe and around the world.

End-to-end
approach

Extensive range
of solutions

(1) Systems integration and third-party application maintenance

(2) Licensing model and SaaS/Cloud model

10 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

Human
resources

Our market

+ Spending on digital services in Western
Europe: $318.0bn in 2021*

+ Market forecast to grow more than 5%
per year on average from 2022 - 2025*

+ Sopra Steria ranks among the top 12
digital services companies operating in
Europe (excluding captive service
providers and purely local players)

Financial
services

Software
development?

i

Real estate

Pour en savoir plus,
voir chapitre 1
INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA ES
...the value creation chain

..the value creation chain

oa Y faa

Sopra Steria's Innovations Imagining and building the future
DNA & Technologies Enhancing what's already there
Entrepreneurial culture, Cloud, Data, Al’, Transforming our clients’ business
close client relationships, Blockchain, Cybersecurity, models, processes and systems
sense of commitment, Mobility, 5G, loT? Link between legacy and digital

corporate responsibility

1
1
i
1
Vv

<€----
€----

aa oT eet
7 N 7 N 4 N
7 N 7 ‘N 7 N
7 N 7 N 7 N
“ 7 “Business/technology’\ “syst ting ~
L 7 Our culture N . y 7 business, ec nology . , 7 ys' ems mee’ ing: N .
= “ expertise our clients’ strategic eae

N 7 N 7 N 7
‘N 7 N 7 ‘N 7
N 7 N 7 N 7
‘N 7 ‘N 7 “N 7
N 7 N 7 N 7
ss x . a _ SL = 7 sx SL uc a
“ “ “

1 1 1
1 1 1
1 1 !
Employees, End-to-end Major Client

strategic partners, approach focus
subcontractors, startups, 8 strategic verticals,
suppliers, business/ Targeted business areas
engineering schools and
universities Extensive range

of solutions

Sample value creation performance measures in 2021 for our main stakeholders

Employees Clients Shareholders Company

+ 72% of employees say Sopra - 80% of 100 strategic clients « Share price up 19% in 2021 + -50%* GHG emissions per
Steria is a great place to work satisfied according to the * €3.20 dividend proposed employee in 2021
- GPTW survey? Customer Voice survey for financial year 2021 (baseline: 2015)

» 27 hours of training on » 64% organic « Non-financial rating * A List: CDP ranking
average per employee revenue growth agencies’ rating (cf page 8) + Top 1% Platinum: EcoVadis

+ 100% of employees take part
in a training session at least
once a year

» 16% attrition rate

(1) Ak: Artificial intelligence

(2) loT: Internet of things See Chapter 1 and 4 for
(3) GPTW: Great Place To Work more information

(4) Excl. Covid impact; -83.5% incl. Covid impact
(5) GHG: Greenhouse gas

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 11
Mle «INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Breakdown of revenue and!the!workforce

Breakdown of revenue
and the workforce

5%

10%
Breakdown of revenue
26%

Revenue by vertical market eee

Transport

3% °

24 7% 16 %, Other

(-

6%

Distribution

Energy
& Utilities

Financial
Services

Government &
Public Sector

Aerospace, Defence
& Security

4h

Insurance

Telecommunication, Media
& Entertainment

Group revenue Group revenue Workforce
by business line by geographic region
4 Group
| 47,437
7
employees
1
France

1 Consulting, systems integration

2 Development of business solutions

3 Infrastructure management,
Technology services

4 Business Process Services

Solutions revenue

61%
15%

9%
15%

France

United Kingdom
Other Europe
Rest of the World

]

2
3
4

Solutions revenue by

48%

19%

31%
2%

19,842

United Kingdom
6,926

Other Europe

by product geographic region Tl L494
3 7
\ S \
Rest of the World
2 =

1 Sopra Banking Software
2 Sopra HR Software
3 Property Management Solutions

63%
25%
12%

1 France
2 Other Europe
3 Rest of the World

12 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

60%
27%
13%

International
Service Centers

8,677

India, Poland, Spain and
North Africa

See Chapter 5 for
more information
INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA |
Strategy & Ambitions

Strategy & Ambitions

Strategy

Sopra Steria s strategy is built around its independent corporate plan for sustainable value creation for its stakeholders. It is a European
project underpinned by expansion through organic and acquisition-led growth. The goal is to generate substantial added value by
harnessing a full range of powerful consulting and software solutions deployed using an end-to-end approach and bringing to bear our
combined technology and sector-specific expertise.

Our ambition is to be the partner of choice in Europe for major public administrations, financial and industrial operators and strategic

businesses, when they are looking for support with driving the digital transformation of their activities (business and operating model) and
their information systems, and preserving their digital sovereignty.

Strategic levers - IT services

x hen <7 za

Sector and End-to-end Strengthening of Overhaul of legacy At-scale
client focus approach consulting application production model
transformation o!erings

Strategic levers - Software

Sopra Banking Sopra Banking Platform Digital «= sopra hr
Software Sopra Financing Platform End-to-end approach > sorrwant

SOLUTIONS IMMOBILIER
'y sopra S steria

Medium-term ambitions

This plan is set within an upbeat market for digital services, boosted by demand for digital transformation on the part of businesses and
institutions looking to optimise their processes and increase their resilience.

Given this context, Sopra Steria is targeting annual organic revenue growth of between 4% and 6% over the next three years . The
Group has also set targets to achieve an operating margin on business activity of around 10% by 2024 and generate free cash flow of
between 5% and 7% of revenue over the next three years.

Y See Chapter 1
for more information

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 13
ME «INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Risk Management

Risk Management

Participants in internal control and risk management

Board of Directors

Audit Committee y Pee :
a
Executive Management C eee :
a
bobeeeeeeeeceeeeeceeeuebeceuseececseeseeeaeess 3rd line of control
: External
Internal Audit © Department : Audit

Ist line of control 2nd line of control :
Operational management Functional management
All entities — Internal Control Department ee...
All geographies
All activities

@

Identification of the Groups main risks

The most significant risks specific to Sopra Steria are set out below by category and in decreasing order of criticality (based on the
crossover between probability of occurrence and the estimated extent of their impact), taking account of mitigation measures
implemented. This presentation of residual risks is not intended to show all Sopra Steria s risks.

The table below shows the results of this assessment in terms of residual materiality on a scale of three levels, from least material

(¥) to most material( = ¥¥¥.

Category/Risk Residual
materiality

Risks related to strategy and external factors

¥ Adaptation of services to digital transformation, innovation ¥¥¥ .
Per reer : pa The internal control system
¥ Significant reduction in client/vertical activity ¥y¥ .
Toa and risk management
¥ Acquisitions ¥y¥ eer
2 policies implemented by the
¥ Attacks on reputation ¥y¥ .
Group aim to lower the
Risks related to operational activities probability of occurrence of
these main risk factors and
thei tential i t
¥ Cyberattacks, systems security, data protection ¥¥¥ em potential impact on
. . ¥¥y the Group.
¥ Extreme events and response to major crises .
. . : : ¥y¥ Each of these risk
¥ Marketing and execution of managed/operated projects and services eae
management policies is laid
Risks related to human resources down in deta iin the Risk
factors and internal control
. a 5 yyy chapter of this document.
¥ Attracting and retaining employees — SNFP*
¥ Development of skills and managerial practices — SNFP* ¥y¥
Risks related to regulatory requirements
¥ Compliance with regulations — |= SNFP* ¥
It should be noted that the Group is not directly exposed to Ukraine, Belarus or Russia, with the exception of a small non-trading entity

in the latter country, which is currently being closed.

*SNFP (Statement of Non-Financial Performance)
This risk also relates to concerns addressed by the regulatory changes set out in
Articles L. 225-102-1 II and R. 225-105 of the French Commercial Code, which cover the
Company s Statement of Non-Financial Performance @ See Chapter 2
for more information

14 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021
Financial performance

Revenue
in millions of euros

4,800.0

4,682.8

4,600.0

4,434.0

4,400.0
4,200.0 4,095.3
4,000.0
3,831.1
3,800.0
3,600.0
3,400.0
3,200.0

2017 2018 2019

Net profit attributable to the Group

in millions of euros and as % of revenue

2020 2021

187.7

200

172.5
180 160.3
160

125.1
140
120 106.8
100
80 4.5% 3.1% 3.6% 2.5% 4.0%
60
40
20
0
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021

Free cash flow
in millions of euros

229.3
250

264.4
203.5
173.1
200
150
114

100
50

0

2017 2018 2019"

2020 2021

(1) Free cash flow calculated excluding the assignment of trade

receivables leading to their deconsolidation (!37m assigned in 2017)

INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA Pe
Financial performance
Operating profit on business activity
in millions of euros and as % of revenue
379.2
400 354.3
350 330.7 3079 3002
300
250
200 8.6% 15% 8.0% 1.0% 8.1%
150
100
50
0

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Dividend in euros
per share
2022 ! 3.20*
2021
2020
2019
2018 i | 1.35
2017 12.40
2016 12.20
05 i (17
1 ms | 17

0 0.5 1 J 2 2.5 3 3.5

* Amount proposed at the General Meeting of 1 June 2022

Sopra Steria share price over 5 years
Compared to performance of SBF 120 and CAC 40

Sopra Steria +46.04% SBFI120 +44.58% CAC40 +47.11%

180

160

140

120

100

80

60

40

20

I T T T
31/12/16 31/12/17 31/12/18 31/12/19

* Rebased 100 at 31 December 2016

T T
31/12/20 31/12/21

(Source: Euronext Paris)

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 15
ME «INTEGRATED PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA

Dialogue with investors

Dialogue with investors

al =

Factsheet 2022 financial calendar
Listing Euronext Paris 24 February 2022 2021 annual revenue and earnings*
before market open
Market Compartment A
29 April 2022 sex
ISIN FR0000050809 before market open QI 2022 revenue
Ticker symbol SOP F June 2022 Annual General Meeting
Main indices SBF 120, CAC ALL-TRADABLE, 07 June 2022 Ex-dividend date
CAC ALL SHARES, CAC MID & SMALL,
CAC MID 60, CAC TECHNOLOGY, 09 June 2022 Dividend payment
EURONEXT DEVELOPED MARKET,
NEXT 150, EURONEXT EUROZONE ESG LARGE 80 28 July 2022 2022 half-year revenue
EURONEXT EUROZONE 300, EURONEXT VIGEO before market open and earnings*
EUROPE 120, EN CDP ENVIRONNEMENT ESG
FRANCE EW 28 October 2022 Q3 2022 revenue**
before market open
Eligible for PEA Share Savings Plan in France *The full-year and half-year results are published in press releases and are presented at
Eligible for Deferred Settlement Service meetings, which are also made available as bilingual webcasts in French and English.

**Revenue for the Ist and 3rd quarters is published in a press release and presented via
a bilingual (French and English) conference call.

Percentage of Groups share capital
Meetings with investors held by institutional investors

The Investor Relations Department builds a dialogue with the
investor community throughout the year. It endeavours to meet with O O
all shareholders, investors and financial analysts in the world s main ° °

financial marketplaces during roadshows or conferences, as well as International institutional French institutional

on the occasion of annual and interim financial reports and investors investors

presentations to the General Shareholders Meeting.

Percentage of Groups share capital
held by individual shareholders

e200

faa 1% @ Fa

Institutions Meetings Countries Cities l l (CY,

met covered covered . O
percentage of share capital held

l 8 8 l 8 l ) l 8 by individual shareholders

TPI survey of identifiable shareholders at 31/12/2021

( ti Ownership threshold of over 1,000 shares

Sopra Steria received an award from
Roadshows Conferences the Technical Committee of the Grand

9) 6 1 0 Prix de la Transparence* in 2021
2" place

INA
Top 2 position in the Grand Prix de la Transparence for

regulated information

QZ Prizewinner for the Invitation Brochure to AGM

@&) including Say on Pay
Sopra Steria ranks among the top 3 companies nominated
for the Grand Prix for all categories, the 2020 Universal
Registration Document and website

*Technical Committee of the Grand Prix de la Transparence
awards held by Labrador
16 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021
Contacts

(J

Follow us on

Group website
https://www.soprasteria.com

Investors

https://www.soprasteria.com/investors

Sustainable Development & Corporate Responsibility

https://www.soprasteria.com/about-us/corporate-responsibility

7)
aia
inl

>

https://twitter.com/soprasteria

https://www.facebook.com/soprasteria

https://www.linkedin.com/company/oprasteria

https://www.youtube.com/user/SteriaGroup

Investor Relations Director
Olivier Psaume

Phone: +33.1.40.67.68.16

Email: investors @ soprasteria.com

ESG Investor Relations
Phone: +33.1.40.67.86.88

Individual Shareholder Relations
Phone: +33.1.40.67.68.26

Corporate Responsibility Director
Fabienne Mathey-Girbig
Email: corporate.responsibility @soprasteria.com

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

17
18

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021
1. Business overview

and strategies

'5687':4+8/"> 85;6 7°: * -2°4)+

19:58? 5, !568#8/" 85;6

/-/:°2 94+8</)+9 3°81+:

Main markets — Competitive environment of the digital services sector

15687!:+8/°B9 7):/</:/+9
A major European player in digital transformation
Business expertise at the heart of our strategy

Research and Development in Solutions

1:8°:4-2 74* 5(04+):/<+9
Strong and original positioning in Europe
Confirmed objectives and priority action areas

Medium-term strategic objectives

322 2?4+°8 84+9;2:9

Comments on 2021 performance

Comments on the components of net profit attributable to the Group

and financial position at31 | December 2021

Proposed dividend in respect of financial year 2021

Workforce

Social and environmental footprint

External growth transactions and acquisitions in financial year 2021
Infrastructure and technical facilities

Targets for 2022

15(9+73;4+4: +<+4:9

1/362/,/+* 85;6 9:8;):;8H)+4+3(4+8

85;6 58-'4/9°:/54
Permanent structure

Temporary structures for specific deals and projects

22

23
26
28

28
29
31

31

32
32
32
33
33
33
33

35
36

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

19
MENEEEEEEEE,:«SBUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Sopra!Steria Group at a glance

Sopra!Steria Group at a glance

Corporate name: Sopra Steria Group

Until 2!September 2014, the name of the Company was Sopra!Group . As a result of the successful public exchange offer made by Sopra
Group for the shares of Groupe Steria SCA (see press release dated 6!August 2014), the Board of Directors met on 3!September 2014, with
Pierre Pasquier presiding, and recorded the entry into effect of several resolutions conditionally adopted at the General Meeting of 27!June 2014.

Among the consequences of the implementation of these resolutions was the change in the corporate name from Sopra!Group to
Sopra!Steria Group .

Registered office: | PAE Les Glaisins, Annecy-le-Vieux, 74940!Annecy!— France. Phone: +33(0)4 50 33 30 30.
Executive Management: 6 avenue Kleber, 75116 Paris — France. Phone: +33(0)1 40 67 29 29.

Legal form: French soci t anonyme

Company website: _https://www.soprasteria.com

Date of incorporation: 5!January 1968, with a term of fifty years as from 25!January 1968, renewed at the General Meeting of 19!June
2012 for a subsequent term of ninety-nine years.

Country where the entity is incorporated: France
Country where registered office is located: France
Name of the parent company: Sopra Steria Group
Name of the controlling company: Sopra Steria Group
Principal entity: | Sopra Steria Group

Corporate purpose: The Company s purpose is:

To engage, in France and elsewhere, in consulting, expertise, research and training with regard to corporate organisation and information
processing, in computer analysis and programming and in the performance of customised work.

The design and creation of automation and management systems, including the purchase and assembly of components and equipment, and
appropriate software.

The creation or acquisition of and the operation of other businesses or establishments of a similar type.

And, generally, all commercial or financial transactions, movable or immovable, directly or indirectly related to said corporate purpose or in
partnership or in association with other companies or persons (Article!2 of the Articles of Association).

Commercial registration: 326!820!065 RCS Annecy

Place where legal documents may be consulted: Registered office.
ISIN: FRO000050809

Legal Entity Identifier (LED: = 96950020QIOHAAK9V551

Financial year: From 1!January to 31!December of each year.

Explanation of the changes to the name of the entity presenting the financial statements after the end of the previous
reporting period: N/A

Appropriation of earnings according to the Articles of Association

An amount of at least five per cent shall be deducted from the profit for the financial year, reduced by prior losses, if any, in order to
constitute the statutory reserve fund. Such deduction shall cease to be mandatory when the amount in the statutory reserve fund is equal to
one-tenth of the share capital.

Profit available for distribution comprises the profit for the year less any losses carried forward and amounts allocated to reserves, pursuant to
the law and the Articles of Association, plus retained earnings.

The General Meeting may deduct from this profit all amounts that it deems appropriate for allocation to all optional, ordinary or extraordinary
reserves, or to retained earnings.

The balance, if any, is apportioned at the General Meeting between all shareholders in proportion to the number of shares that they own.
The General Meeting may also decide to distribute amounts deducted from the reserves at its disposal, expressly indicating the reserve items
from which the deductions are made. However, dividends shall first be withdrawn from the profits for the financial year.

(Excerpt from Article!37 of the Articles of Association).

20 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021
BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

History of Sopra!Steria Group

History of Sopra!Steria Group

#"  "(#&- # "(& $&" )&’ §

Backed by our strong entrepreneurial culture and our sense of
collective purpose, we work every day to deliver a range of
solutions, from consulting to systems integration, on behalf of our
clients. We aim to be the benchmark partner for large public
authorities, financial and industrial operators, and __ strategic
companies in the main countries where we operate. We focus on
being relevant at all times and ensuring that our impact is a positive
one, both for society and from a business perspective.

A new Strategic plan to promote expansion
and competitiveness

The Sopra!Steria 2020 Project is launched to improve performance
in all areas and increase added value. The acquisition of CIMPA in
October!2015 boosts its presence in the product lifecycle
management (PLM) market. Following the acquisition of software
developer Cassiopae, finalised in January!2017, three new
companies joined the Sopra!Steria Group in!2017: Kentor, 2MoRO
and Galitt.

In 2018, the Group acquires the German IT services company
BLUECARAT to strengthen its position in Germany and offer new
growth opportunities for its local subsidiary, as well as Apak to
expand its range of lending solutions. In 2019, Sopra!Steria takes
two important steps forward in the core banking market: the
acquisition of SAB, finalised on 7!August 2020, and the _ partnership
with seven German banks in the Sparda banking group, involving
the construction of a digital platform. At the end of 2019,
Sopra!Steria also bolsters its operations and consolidates its
strategy by launching its new digital transformation consulting
brand, Sopra!Steria Next. With the acquisition of Sodifrance in
2020, the Group created a market leader in digital services for
insurers and social security providers. In the United Kingdom, Sopra
Steria acquired cxpartners, bolstering its expertise in user experience
and ergonomic design. Lastly, Fidor Solutions, the software
subsidiary of next-generation bank Fidor Bank specialising in digital
banking solutions, joined the Group on 31!December 2020. With
this acquisition, Sopra Banking Software has significantly
accelerated the pace of its development, in particular by
augmenting user features as part of its Digital Banking Engagement
Platform (DBEP).

In 2021, Sopra Steria was bolstered by the acquisition of French
cybersecurity firm EVA Group. This acquisition is a key step toward
positioning Sopra Steria as one of the top three players in the
French cybersecurity market.

The Group also acquired two other companies in 2021: EGGS
Design, which specialises in digital service design and has locations
in Norways four biggest cities (Oslo, Bergen, Trondheim and
Stavanger) as well as in Denmark (Copenhagen), and Labs, a
Norwegian user experience consulting firm.

Today, the Group ranks among the top 5 European digital
transformation players, having earned a reputation for providing
end-to-end solutions to address the core business needs of large
companies and organisations, helping them remain competitive and
grow.

Birth of a new European leader in digital transformation

Complementing each other in business strengths, strategic verticals
and geographies while sharing a similar corporate culture, Sopra
and Steria merge to give birth to Sopra!Steria.

Assisting with digital transformation

In!2001, the Internet bubble bursts accelerating market changes.
Clients are looking for global players capable of assisting them in
transforming their businesses.

Steria rises to these challenges by completing major strategic
acquisitions, including Bull s IT services business in Europe in 2001,
Mummert Consulting in Germany in 2005 and the business process
outsourcing (BPO) expert Xansa in 2007.

Strategic emphasis on financial performance

Given the maturity of the IT services market, Sopra reexamines its
fundamentals and refocuses on systems integration and software
development. Sopra completes its initial public offering in 1990.
Steria prioritises the rationalisation and industrialisation of processes
to reorganise its functional structure. After landing a number of
major deals, Steria proceeds with its initial public offering in 1999.

Sopra combines internal and external growth to consolidate its
European expansion and its areas of expertise: consulting, systems
integration and solutions development. Axway, a subsidiary formed
by bringing together the Group s software infrastructure divisions, is
floated in!2011.

It services as a key linchpin in society s process
of modernisation

Sopra and Steria are two distinct entities, making their way forward

in the emerging IT services industry. They both strive to meet the
needs of major clients with innovative products and services. Sopra
invests in software development and opens new locations in various

markets. At the same time, Steria racks up several contract wins in
the public sector.

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 21
MENEEEEEEEE,:«SBUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Digital services market

Digital services market

3.1. Main markets — Competitive environment of the digital services sector

In 2021, the digital services market in Western Europe was worth an estimated $318.0!billion!

©, up 7.9%! © (after being down 4.7% in

2020 due to the Covid-19 pandemic). Gartner predicts growth of 7.6% to $337.4!billion in 2022.

! DIGITAL SERVICES MARKET IN WESTERN EUROPE (EXCLUDING HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE)

Country 1% !##!&%) & &## ()

France 43.4
United Kingdom 96.6
Germany 59.4
Rest of Europe 138.0
&!&

Source: Gartner, updated Q4 2021.

According to market research, in 2021 the market!
8.9%! ® in France, 8.1% in Germany and 6.8% in the United
Kingdom. For 2022, growth is expected to continue, amounting to
8.6% in France, 8.4% in Germany and 8.1% in the United Kingdom.

“grew by

This trend should also continue over the next few years, with market
growth in Western Europe estimated at around 7% per year on
average (2022-2025).

! DIGITAL SERVICES MARKET IN WESTERN EUROPE (EXCLUDING HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE)

Business 1% !##!&%) & &## ()

Consulting

Development and systems integration
Outsourced IT services

Business process outsourcing

75.5
92.0
130.7
39.2

&!&

Source: Gartner, updated Q4 2021.

In terms of business segments, consulting was up 8.7%! © in 2021
and implementation services grew by 10.7%. The Groups other
activities also experienced a year of growth: Outsourced
infrastructure and cloud services were up 6.4%, with business
process outsourcing up 7.0%.

For 2022, Gartner predicts growth of 10.0% in consulting, 10.5% in
implementation services and 6.7% in outsourced infrastructure and
cloud services. Business process outsourcing is expected to grow by
7.9%.

The European market has two main characteristics:

p three countries (the United Kingdom, Germany and France)
account for 59% of IT services spending! ‘”;

p outsourcing of technology services (application maintenance and
infrastructure management) and business process outsourcing
together account for 54% of the digital services market in
Europe! “.

(1) Source: Gartner report, updated Q4 2021
(2) Growth calculated at constant US dollars

22 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

Furthermore, the IT services market remains fragmented despite
some consolidation, with the leading player in the European market
holding a 5% share. Against this backdrop, Sopra!Steria is one of
the 12 largest digital services companies operating in Europe
(excluding software) with an average market share of just under 2%.
In France (second in the market) and in Norway (fourth in the
market), the Group s market share is over 5%. In the other major
European countries, its market share is around 1%.

Sopra!Steria s main competitors in Europe are: Accenture, Atos,
Capgemini, CGI, DXC and IBM, all of which are present worldwide.
It also faces competition from Indian groups, chiefly in the United
Kingdom (such as TCS, Cognizant, Wipro and Infosys), and local
companies with a strong regional presence (Indra in Spain, Fujitsu in
the United Kingdom, Tietoevry in Scandinavia, etc.). Apart from its
services business, listed rivals such as Temenos and Alfa Financials
also command a significant presence in the software market, where
Sopra!Steria is also present, especially in banking.
Sopra!Steria s activities

4.1. A major European player in digital
transformation

Sopra Steria, a European leader in consulting, digital services and
software development, helps its clients drive their digital
transformation and obtain tangible and sustainable benefits, thanks
to one of the most comprehensive portfolios of offerings on the
market, spanning consulting and systems integration, development
of industry- and technology-specific solutions, infrastructure
management, cybersecurity and business process services.

The Group provides end-to-end solutions to make large companies
and organisations more competitive by combining in-depth
knowledge of a wide range of business sectors and innovative
technologies with a fully collaborative approach: from strategic
analysis, programme definition and implementation, and IT
infrastructure transformation and operation, to designing and
implementing solutions and outsourcing business processes.

For Sopra!Steria, helping clients succeed in their digital
transformation means breaking down their strategic and business
challenges into digital initiatives through an exclusive end-to-end
offering. Thanks to very close relationships with its clients and its
multi-disciplinary teams, the Group is able to continually innovate to
guarantee that its offerings remain relevant to the strategic
challenges of each of its vertical markets.

Sopra!Steria s teams are trained in the new microservices platforms,
DevOps and cloud computing. They are also adopting new methods

of designing, delivering and embedding teams. Sopra!Steria is
therefore able to offer the two key ingredients for successful digital
transformation: speed of execution and openness to external
ecosystems.

Sopra!Steria Group is also the preferred partner of Axway Software,
whose exchange and digital enablement platforms play an
important role in modernising information systems and opening
them up to digital technology.

Sopra!Steria is an independent Group whose founders and
managers control 22.3% of its share capital and 33.6% of its
theoretical voting rights. With over 47,000!employees in nearly
30!countries, it pursues a strategy based on European key
accounts.

ce a a ee Ce a
# & * ")

& ( #" D

a. Consulting

Sopra!Steria Next, the Groups consulting brand, is a leading
consulting firm. Sopra!Steria Next has over 40!years experience in
business and technological consultancy for large companies and
public bodies, with over 3,000!consultants in France and Europe.
Its aim is to accelerate the development and competitiveness of its
clients by supporting them in their digital transformation while
addressing their sustainability challenges in keeping with our clients
Corporate Responsibility policies. This support involves
understanding clients business issues using substantial
sector-specific expertise, and then working to design _ transformation
roadmaps (business processes, data architecture, change

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Sopra!Steria s activities

management, !etc.) to make the most of new digital technologies. It
involves supporting the information systems departments of our
clients, grasping their new challenges, assisting them with their
overall transformation projects as well as the modernisation of their
legacy systems.

b. Systems integration

Systems integration is Sopra!Sterias original core business, and
covers all aspects of the information system life cycle and major
transformation programmes. Sopra!Steria is equipped to address
the full range of its clients software asset needs:

Design and integration

Sopra!Sterias teams help their clients implement agile and
industrial-scale projects. The Group undertakes to design and deliver
systems in line with business requirements that are flexible and
adapted to the new requirements of digital transformation as well
as sector-specific regulatory constraints. This is made possible by
working closely with the Sopra!Steria Next teams.

Performance and transformation

In addition to standard information systems maintenance,
Sopra!Steria takes a continuous transformation approach to these
systems to guarantee optimised operational efficiency for its clients,
suited to changes in their business. The transformation approach
includes a well-equipped and documented procedure making it
possible to combine the issues involved in reducing the time to
market with improved competitiveness and continuity of service.

Streamlining data flow

Once the systems and technologies are implemented, the
information system gives access to reliable, relevant and critical
data, offering better analysis of user satisfaction and optimisation of
service performance.

With the increasing number of diverse data sources relating to
fundamental changes in use, data is a more valuable to the
company than ever. To increase the value of this data, Sopra!Steria
has developed specific know-how and expertise to manage the
exponential growth in data volumes and associated skills (data
science, smart machines, automation, artificial intelligence) by
integrating them in a global solution, securing the data regardless

of its origin (mobile devices, smart objects, data privacy, the cloud,
multimodal and multichannel systems, etc.) and using the data by
means of contextualised algorithms.

The Group s systems integration offering thus meets the challenges
posed by both the obsolescence and modernisation of information
systems, ensuring optimal flexibility and value creation.

Product lifecycle management (PLM)

CIMPA provides comprehensive expertise via its PLM offering, which
covers all the various facets of PLM services:

p PLM strategy creation or optimisation;
p deployment of strategy-related tools, processes or methods;

p user training and support.

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 23
MENEEEEEEEE,:«SBUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Sopra!Steria s activities

"&(&) OR 1 1
"( "# #2? &* 7° D
# & * ")

With over 6,000!experts worldwide and more than 15!years

experience in developing our outsourcing service centres in Europe
and India, Sopra!Steria — a leader in the hybridisation of
information systems and a major player in digital transformation —
provides support for all technological, organisational and
security-focused information system transformation projects. Our
main activities include consulting, integration projects and
upgrading information systems, as well as the execution of
operations in the field of IT infrastructure and cloud management.

Our area of expertise covers three service categories that are
essential to support information system transformation for our
clients:

p Infrastructure and Cloud Services, a comprehensive range of
solutions spanning all customisable services relating to the cloud,
including CloudAssessment, CloudMigrationFactory,
CloudArchitecture, CloudEconomics and CloudOps, as well as all
IT services relating to servers, networks, storage and backup, with
the aim of optimising the availability and performance of our
clients applications. This is in addition to our hosting services
within our data centres in Europe, which feature ISO!27001 and
HDS (French healthcare data hosting) certification. Our catalogue
of integrated services lets us provide end-to-end management of
our clients applications in hybrid environments, as well as

changes to these applications and _ interconnections with

applications hosted in public and sovereign cloud environments.

p User Experience Services, an intelligent services platform to
better serve our clients employees and enhance the effectiveness
of client services, including digital workplace, technological and
business support and AI support services.

p Consulting Services, a set of value propositions for the
co-management and operation of our clients transformation
projects, provided across the other service categories listed above.

Combining consulting, architecture and delivery, our teams work
more specifically on transformation and managed services projects
in private, public, sovereign and hybrid cloud environments.

At Sopra!Steria, we also assist our clients with their strategic
cloud-native, cloud-first or data centre-less initiatives. We deploy
and operate secure and proven solutions in a demanding
environment in terms of production, continuity of service and data
management, leveraging our expertise ranging from DevSecOps
services, live services and API services to smart data services, in order
to ensure reliability and a high level of application availability.

- & )& (-? &* ,

With over!1000!experts and several state-of-the-art cybersecurity
centres in Europe and worldwide (France, United Kingdom,
Singapore, Norway, Belgium, Poland, India), Sopra!Steria is a global
player in protecting critical systems and sensitive information assets
for major institutional and private clients.

Cybersecurity revolves around three key areas of expertise:

p Prevention: Drawing up a cybersecurity strategy that is adapted
to the risks of the business and complies with the regulations in
force, and spreading a culture of security within the organisation;

p Protection: Ensuring the continuous monitoring of its assets by
securing multi-cloud and hybrid environments, end-to-end
encryption of applications and sensitive data;

24 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

p Detection & Response: Adopting a defence strategy that
addresses real threats by relying on the CERT (Computer
Emergency Response Team) and CTI (Cyber Threat Intelligence) to
understand the nature of the threat, and on the SOC (Security
Operations Centre) deployed in DevOps to detect and respond to
security incidents.

In 2021, Sopra Steria launched two major offerings to address the
need for reliability and speed among the Executive Committee, the
IT department and CISOs in the event of a cyberattack:

p Crisis Management _ allows organisations to save time and focus
on their business through a comprehensive, collaborative and
proven approach structured around five pillars: governance,
detection, CTI, investigation and remediation;

p Cyber Resilience responds to fully or partially destructive
cyberattacks on the information system to restore essential
services within a few hours and to ensure the continuity of
operations within a few days by restoring confidence in the
information system.

* HSI "( # yo cH YC HOD
# & * ")

Sopra!Steria offers its business expertise to clients via packaged
solutions in three areas: banks and other financial institutions via
Sopra Banking Software, human resources personnel via Sopra HR
Software, and real estate owners and agents with its property
management solutions. The Group offers its clients the most
powerful solutions, in line with their objectives and representing the
state of the art in terms of technology, know-how and expertise in
each of these three areas.

Sopra Banking Software: Solutions developer
for the financial services industry

Drawing on its technologies and the strength of its commitment,
Sopra Banking Software, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group,
supports its clients — financial institutions — all over the world on a
daily basis.

The customer experience, operational excellence, cost control,
compliance and risk reduction are among the key transformation
priorities for:

p banks in Europe and Africa: from direct- and branch-based retail
banks and private banks to microfinance companies, Islamic
financial institutions and centralised payment or credit factories;

p financing and lending institutions around the world: serving
individuals and companies, the automotive and capital goods
sectors, as well as equipment and real estate leasing and even
market financing.

With over 5,000 experts and more than 50 offices worldwide, Sopra
Banking Software addresses its clients challenges across all
geographies and in all business areas, covering issues such as
communicating new offerings, the quality of customer relationships,
production, accounting integration and regulatory reporting.

Solutions

Sopra Banking Software offers two kinds of services: Sopra Banking
Platform, intended to respond to banks day-to-day needs, and
Sopra Financing Platform, which specialises in managing financing:
p Sopra Banking Platform is a banking processing platform that
relies on an architecture of independent and pre-integrated
business components. It makes it possible to manage all banking
operations (deposits and savings, management of the loan life
cycle, payments, reporting) and offer innovative features in a
digital and mobile environment;

p Sopra Financing Platform is a flexible and robust financing
management platform able to deal with all types of financing
tools within the framework of advanced process automation.

These solutions can be used either on-site at the client s premises,
on the cloud (public or private) or in SaaS mode.

Services

An end-to-end provider, Sopra Banking Software offers solutions as
well as consulting, implementation, maintenance and _ training
services. This means that financial institutions are able to maintain
their day-to-day operations while shifting towards greater
innovation and agility, with the aim of securing sustainable growth.
Through its market-leading solutions backed by more than 50!years
of experience in its field, Sopra Banking Software is committed to
working with its clients and staff to build the financial world of the
future.

Sopra HR Software: a market leader in human resource
management

Sopra!Steria Group also develops human resource management
solutions via Sopra HR Software (a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Sopra!Steria). Sopra HR Software is present in 10!countries,
providing comprehensive HR solutions perfectly suited to the needs
of human resources departments. Sopra HR Software currently has a
workforce of 1,800!people and manages the payrolls of
900!clients with over 12!million employees.

Sopra HR Software is a partner for successful digital transformation
of companies and anticipates new generations of HR solutions.

Solutions

The Sopra HR Software offerings are based on the most innovative
business practices and cover a wide range of functions, including
core HR, payroll, time and activity tracking, talent management,
staff experience, and HR analytics. The offering is based on two
product lines, HR Access" and Pliades “, aimed at large and
medium-sized public or private organisations in any sector and of
varying organisational complexity, irrespective of their location. In
response to new hybrid working patterns, the new generation of
Sopra HR 4YOU solutions offers a fully digital HR space that helps
businesses stay closely connected with their employees and optimise
HR performance and the quality of HR services.

Within Sopra HR Lab, Sopra HR anticipates the emergence of
innovative HR solutions.

Services

Sopra HR Software, a comprehensive service provider, offers a
number of services linked to its solution offering and its HR
ecosystem. Sopra HR Software supports its clients throughout their
projects, from consulting through to implementation,
staff training, maintenance and business process services (BPS).

Sopra HR Software implements its own solutions either on-premise
or in the cloud and also offers a wide range of managed services.

including

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Sopra!Steria s activities

Property Management Solutions by Sopra!Steria (Sopra Real
Estate Software): The leading name in digital transformation
for Property Management

Sopra!Steria is the leading developer, distributor, integrator, and
service manager of property management software in France. Sopra
Steria offers major public and private sector players in real estate
(institutional investors, social housing operators, property
management firms and major users) the most comprehensive digital
information system available on the market.

Today, Property Management Solutions by Sopra!Steria s teams of
more than 700!experts guide its 400 clients in delivering on their
digital ambitions to improve returns for their real estate assets,
optimise practices, and build better relations with tenants and
service providers, in full observance of laws and regulations.

Property Management Solutions by Sopra!Steria adds additional
value through its unique knowledge of business processes in the
sector as well as the co-investment approaches put in place with its
clients.

Solutions

Property Management Solutions by Sopra!Steria offers a digital
services platform, for everything from property management to
building information management, built around an open, shared

real estate reference framework that accommodates the practices of

all players to ensure a successful user experience.

Services

Property Management Solutions by Sopra!Steria supports its clients
with an end-to-end service offering, from consulting to integration
and managed services.

yo" $eH# vr we > D
# & * ")

Sopra!Steria offers a full range of business process services (BPS)
solutions: consulting for the identification of target operating
models, development of transition and transformation plans, and
managed services.

Sopra Steria manages two of Europes largest shared services
organisations. Shared Services Connected Limited (SSCL) is a unique
joint venture between Sopra Steria and the UK Cabinet Office. Sopra
Steria provides a full range of business support services to major
government departments, the police and UK government agencies.
NHS Shared Business Services is a joint venture between Sopra Steria
and the Department for Health and Social Care that provides
support services to NHS trusts and UK health bodies.

Our BPS offering goes hand in hand with digital transformation.
Digital technologies have opened up opportunities for improving key
business processes in all organisations. Whether they involve robotics,
chatbots, automatic natural language processing (NLP) or artificial
intelligence (AI) more widely, digital technologies can streamline the
execution of processes, cut their costs and lead to new approaches.

Sopra!Steria has forged relationships with major providers of digital
solutions for BPS. Furthermore, we enjoy a strong presence in the
technology ecosystem, both in France and worldwide. We thus have
access to a dynamic network of partners as well as a singular ability
to identify innovative solutions owing to our connections with the
world of technology startups. We combine our own platforms with
those of our technology partners to provide the right level of
innovation within our design/production/operation services. Our
specialised design teams work to ensure the best possible client
experience for end-users and we offer our clients ways to
considerably improve process efficiency by leveraging intelligent
automation and machine learning. Thanks to our technology assets,
we are helping to develop tomorrow s operating models.

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 25
MENEEEEEEEE,:«SBUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Sopra!Steria s activities

Sopra!Steria employs many consultants and practising professionals
with expertise in BPS and the digital sector. They help organisations
make the best use of new digital technologies to transform their
activities, from their operating models to their processes and
end-user services. Our ability to handle transformation in both its
human and business dimensions allows us to support our clients
wherever their digital journey takes them, helping them to move
from a theoretical perspective on possible solutions to a focus on
specific technologies. We eliminate inefficient practices, reorganise
tasks and improve results for each activity entrusted to us, whether
it involves individual business processes or highly complex shared
services. Added to this is the experience of our employees in change
management, which is essential to the success of any
transformation. In the various BPS areas, we can provide the services
ourselves or work in tandem with the client s personnel to carry out
the engagement. In these cases, we invest in these individuals to
help them become more effective and productive, sharing our best
practices with them.

Sopra!Steria operates two of the largest shared service centres in
Europe, taking charge of multiple business processes each day on
behalf of end-clients.

4.2. Business expertise at the heart
of our strategy

Sopra!Steria has chosen eight major vertical markets that constitute
its areas of excellence and make up 90% of revenue. The Group has
a comprehensive offering in each of these fields, meeting the
specific challenges of its clients.

non > ge > DC # &

The banking and financial services sector has entered a new era,
that of Open Banking. Client demands and regulatory pressures are
constantly increasing and new market entrants (fintech companies,
the Big Four tech companies, retail and telecoms players, etc.) are
helping to accelerate transformations in this ecosystem, moving it
toward greater openness, a paradigm shift often referred to as the
Open Banking revolution.

Faced with these new challenges, Sopra!Steria aims to be a partner
for banks, helping to facilitate and accelerate this transformation.

With three core areas of expertise — understanding of the banking
sector, its clients and the most innovative technologies — the Group
offers powerful and agile software solutions, as well as their
application by means of value-added use. The Group and _ its
subsidiary Sopra Banking Software provide comprehensive solutions
and turn changes in the banking world into opportunities for their
clients, whether in risk management, regulatory compliance, data
protection, improving the customer experience, optimising
performance, delivering differentiation or identifying new sources of
income.

He Quon $) ,
# C & * ")

Faced with new expectations from civil society and businesses, the
need to optimise their expenditure, the obligation to keep up with
regulatory changes and driven by a wave of reforms, public sector
entities are continuing the broad-based transformation of their
activities, organisations and the services offered to their users.

(#& DC

26 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

When digital technology is a force for change, Sopra!Steria
provides solutions in two main categories: (i)!the digitisation of
government services, the re-engineering of processes and, more
generally, the modernisation of business-specific information
systems via digital transformation programmes, and (ii)!the pooling
of support functions for central government agencies, local
authorities, and key providers in the health and welfare sectors.

As a result, public sector organisations can ensure that they meet
their targets and priorities at the lowest cost, while giving their
information system the agility it requires to meet the high
expectations from civil society and agents.

HS " " r)
# & * ")

a. Aerospace

)& (- DC

The aerospace sector is a particularly fertile ground for innovation. It
is subject to constraints regarding reliability, availability, security and
performance, which require suppliers to have full command of the
technologies and processes implemented, as well as a thorough
understanding of their different clients core businesses.

For optimal service, companies operating in this sector must align
their capacities with the pace of production and optimise their
processes and information systems while also improving
profitability. Digital continuity and the ability to manage the
product life cycle, from design to manufacture and after-sales
services, are crucial. Sopra!Steria s acquisition in 2015 of CIMPA, a
specialist in product lifecycle management, makes total sense in this
context particularly as it was followed in 2017 by the acquisition of
2MoRO, extending the Group s offering in aerospace maintenance
activities.

To meet these challenges, Sopra!Steria s expertise comes into play
through the Aeroline vertical in such critical areas as industrial
efficiency, manufacturing and particularly the shop floor, supply
chain, on-board systems and air traffic control.

b. Defence

In a tense geopolitical context, marked by the rise of new threats to

states (cybercrime, terrorism,!etc.), defence departments must

improve their effectiveness while taking into account budgetary
constraints. It has become essential to optimise the interoperability

and security of critical operational systems for exchanging real-time
information.

With over 40!years experience in supporting the military in Europe,
Sopra!Steria combines pragmatism and innovation, thanks to
powerful technological and process solutions:

p interoperability and security of military systems;
p efficiency and overall effectiveness of the armed forces;

p efficiency of the military supply chain (supply chain
management);

reliability of operational information and communication systems;

p control over costs and the complexity of ensuring compliance for
command and control systems.

As a company specialising in digital services, Sopra Steria does not
engage in the manufacture, maintenance or marketing of
controversial weapons.
c. Security

Sopra!Steria supports public authorities in meeting the challenges

of homeland security. The Group operates in 24!countries, serving

many different organisations: police, emergency services, border
control, justice, customs and homeland security services.

Sopra!Steria carries out large-scale, complex and critical projects on
behalf of these organisations, concerning:

p survey management and information processing;
road safety;
automation of command and control solutions;

management of identity documents, security credentials, and civil
and criminal biometrics;

TU DU

modernisation of court- and prison-related administration;
intelligent, distributed computer systems;
infrastructure security;

mobile technologies to optimise operations on the ground.

TT vU UU

In addition, the Group has developed innovative solutions specific to
the security sector, to meet the challenges and requirements of

clients in this field (biometrics, mobile technology, fingerprint and
genetic footprint search engines, implementing secure cloud
solutions etc.).

"&- " )C ¢€ °? DC
# & * ")

The energy sector is in the midst of its most radical transformation,
in Europe and in France, since the end of the Second World War.
Public institutions, civil society and the private sector have decided
to become carbon-neutral in Europe by 2050, with an_ initial
reduction of 55% to 60% by 2030, as part of the European Union s
Fit for 55 plan.

Becoming carbon-neutral will require a thorough —_ overhaul of the
energy sectors value chain, from production to marketing, with
electricity replacing fossil fuels, and biogas and hydrogen acting as
complementary forces, particularly for industry.

For energy providers, this raises a number of specific challenges:

p in production: — Striving for excellence in the field of low-carbon
(especially nuclear) and renewable energy production, while
mastering the technological, financial and societal challenges
associated with accepting the many projects to be launched in
the various regions.

p in transport and distribution: Carrying out a wave of
investments to address the challenge of expanding renewable
energy production points, connecting them and ensuring their
operation under optimal conditions by digitising and modernising
the network.

p in marketing : Optimising the customer experience and creating
offers that combine energy and services to retain and win over
new customers, and to respond to new usage patterns (electric
mobility, self-consumption, etc.).

Against this backdrop, Sopra!Steria supports energy suppliers and

utilities in their strategic responses to trends affecting a number of

areas:

p experience and client acquisition:
relations and designing new services;

reinventing customer

p optimisation of asset performance
costs and securing performance;

: controlling operating

(1) Report on the state of the environment in France: https://notre-environnement.gouv.fr/ree/

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Sopra!Steria s activities

p modernisation of networks accompanying the
decentralisation and the digitisation of energy networks;

p Platform company: organising, sharing and creating value from
data and processes across the company and _its ecosystems;

p modernisation and optimisation of information systems to
enable energy transition investments;

p transformation and resilience of organisations: facilitating
changes in organisations and business lines to promote agility.

(  #!hy" C#"
" "eo "!"( DC # & * ")

The telecoms, media and entertainment sector is at the centre of
the digital revolution, for two reasons:

p it supports the digitisation of all the other verticals, in particular
by feeding the data collected from billions of objects to
algorithms;

p it also serves as the testing ground for the implementation of
new technologies and uses as part of a platform-based business
model.

Sopra!Steria serves the transformation goals of its clients in relation
to the following main challenges:

p Deployment of new infrastructures: fibre and 5G to help
meet countries industrial requirements by providing them with
very high-speed fixed and mobile connectivity;

p infrastructure management: moving from a configurable to a
programmable approach for essential infrastructure, such as the
cloud, SDN/NFV and most recently 5G;

p automation: — so that the company is able to interact in real time,
in particular thanks to AI, with all members of its ecosystem
(customers, suppliers, partners, employees, infrastructures);

p greater business agility : making it easier to readapt, readjust
and realign the company and its organisational structures to
better seize new opportunities and also to further improve the
engagement of managers and their teams in service of clients;

p digitisation of services: laying down the fundamentals of the
platform-based business, thus moving to fully digital and
end-to-end solutions, from client to infrastructure;

p core media business: taking up new models, such as SVOD,
AVOD, content aggregation, targeted advertising and 4K;

p core gaming business: customer retention and churn, fraud
reduction and control over cash flows, compliance with
regulations, digitisation of distribution channels.

(& ""$#&( DC # & * ")

Given that the transport sector accounts for 30%! of GHG
(greenhouse gas) emissions, all players in the sector will have to
undergo major changes in the short to medium term to reduce their
footprint. Meanwhile, mobility and logistical needs are constantly
changing and must contend with new challenges: increased
international traffic and interoperability, the development of
platforms to facilitate access to mobility services in urban areas, the
upgrading of infrastructure both in terms of capacity and
modernity, and new approaches to urban logistics as the volume of
goods driven by e-commerce explodes and last-mile services in
densely populated areas require new approaches.

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 27
MENEEEEEEEE,:«SBUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Strategy and objectives

Faced with these major challenges, the transport industry will have
to implement strategies, investments and services to encourage

travellers to choose the most environmentally friendly solutions by
facilitating access to services, using door-to-door methods,

offering seamless intermodality, integrating micro-mobility, and
developing new payment and customer experience models.
Transporters, infrastructure managers and _logisticians will
progressively update their operating and supervision models to
integrate the new functionalities made possible by data and

predictive models. Advances in autonomous driving are a key issue
in urban areas.

Sopra Steria Group is determined to partner with the leading players
in the transport industry to help them achieve their digital
transformation objectives in three key areas of their value chain:
passenger flow and real-time information, operational supervision,
as well as industrial operations and asset management.

The Group also aims to be a recognised player in mobility
ecosystems: mobility platforms, autonomous shuttles/vehicles, and
smart cities.

Sopra!Steria has developed business know-how in all of these fields
based on four main themes:

p infrastructure management: asset management, preventive
and predictive maintenance (e.g. industrial IoT), factory 4.0 or
factory of the future, maintenance of aeroplanes and rolling
stock, mobility, paperless records, etc.;

p traffic management: from timetable design to transport

planning, rolling stock management, and supervision of rail, road

and air traffic;

p Passenger experience: mobile ticketing, boarding and access
control, passenger information, and new services in stations and
airports;

p transport services tailored to smart cities:
sustainable urban logistics, multimodal urban mobility services
(MaaS), collaborative mobility management.

Its digital expertise is recognised in the world of transportation,
particularly as regards transportation big data expertise,
management of connected objects, consulting and _ factory
migration to cloud solutions, and artificial intelligence.

Sopra!Steria is one of Europe s top 10 digital services companies in
business and information system transformation for major clients in
the rail, urban transport, postal services and aviation sectors.

Strategy and objectives

5.1. Strong and original positioning
in!Europe

Sopra!Sterias ambition is to be a European leader in digital
transformation. Its high value-added solutions, delivered by
applying an end-to-end approach to transformation, enable its

(1) After taking into account the impact of changes in scope

28 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

mass transit,

"")& "_ DC # &* ")

The insurance sector is fiercely competitive due to the increasing
standardisation of offers, structurally low long-term interest rates
and the escalating regulatory burden. At the same time, clients, and
particularly millennials, are exhibiting new behaviours, with a shift in
expectation toward the hyper-personalisation of products and
services.

In this increasingly competitive global context, leading insurers
continue to look to consolidation and transformation as the way
forward. To set themselves apart, they are developing extended
services and are taking into account the new risks associated with
use (as opposed to ownership) of property, the rise of service
business models, the sharing economy and cybersecurity.

Sopra!Steria offers its clients a comprehensive solution for the
implementation of new business models, support for strategic plans
and digital transformation to put in place a_platform-based
approach, seen as essential to open the business and its information
system to new partnerships and services across an extended value
chain.

& ( DC # & * ")

Retailers face a challenging business environment as well as
profound and continual changes in the shopping habits of
customers, who increasingly use digital technology. To remain
competitive, transformation is essential. The aim is to secure and
better manage retail business practices while offering a real ability
to innovate to meet consumer demand for immediate and flexible
services.

Sopra!Steria assists retailers with their digital transformation and
has developed knowledge and experience in multi-channel
commerce, optimisation of logistics chains and understanding client
needs. In this way, the business processes and information systems
of these companies become a lever for performance.

4.3. Research and Development
in!Solutions

The Group has continued its R&D efforts, investing "137!million in
2021 (versus "139!million! in 2020) in developing and expanding
its business solutions. These are gross amounts and do not take into
account funding related to the French R&D tax credit (CIR).

clients to make the best use of digital technology to innovate,
transform their models (business as well as operating models), and
optimise their performance.

The Groups aim is to be the benchmark partner for large public
authorities, financial and industrial operators and _ strategic
companies in the main countries in which it operates.
To achieve this aim, Sopra!Steria continues to strengthen its key
competitive advantages:

p business software solutions which, when combined with the
Group s full range of services, make its offering unique;

p aposition among the leaders in the financial services vertical (core
banking and specialist lenders) bolstered by the success of the
Sopra Banking Software solutions;

p very close relationships with its clients, thanks to its roots in the
regions where it operates and its ability to meet core business
requirements without taking the prescriptive approach favoured
by certain global providers;

p a strong European footprint with numerous locations in many of
the regions countries which, when combined with these close
relationships, raises its profile among large public authorities and
strategic companies throughout Europe as a trusted and
preferred partner for all projects involving digital sovereignty.

Lastly, the Group s mission statement — formally adopted in 2019 —
reflects both its values and its desire to help meet the sustainable
development goals of its stakeholders and society at large:
Together, building a positive future by making digital work for
people.

5.2. Confirmed objectives and priority

action areas
* HSI"C HCH )C HD

The Group, currently Frances number-two enterprise software
developer, confirms its medium-term target of continuing to grow

its solution development and integration activities. Efforts will
continue to be focused on enriching the Groups solutions,
adapting them to cloud systems, leveraging API-based access to
data and services, integrating new digital technologies, developing
managed services, and expanding operations into new geographic
markets.

The development of Sopra Banking Software, whose aim is to
conquer markets beyond Europe, remains a priority. The Group also
continues to strengthen its leading position in human resource
management and property management solutions. With organic
growth as the preferred strategy, the Group remains on the lookout
for acquisition opportunities.

Management at the Group s three software entities (Sopra Banking
Software, Sopra HR Software and Sopra Real Estate Software)
confirmed the benefits of mapping out a Software Project that goes
beyond merely setting up a reporting and control hub.

This resulted in the creation of a Software division spanning these
hree entities.

The first decision was to put in place, in 2021, a Design Authority
Software (DAS) tasked with the following:

p defining mandatory requirements for all software entities and
ensuring they are properly implemented;

p promoting knowledge-sharing: shared research, best practice,
coordination of subject-specific communities, !etc.;

p developing and running tools and platforms on behalf of the
three entities;

p managing key partnerships for the benefit of all.

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Strategy and objectives

est H HM) CT CRC?

In order to position itself even more securely with client
decision-makers at the business department level, the Group is
continuing its move up the value chain in consulting, and confirms
its medium-term target of continuing to develop its activities in this
area. To do this, it is gradually developing a range of consulting
services and capacity in all of the regions in which it operates, using
a model that favours synergies with the Groups other business
lines. Consulting will thus spearhead the digital transformation of
business lines and information systems for the Group s clients, while
positioning its other IT services activities within an end-to-end
approach to this transformation. The priorities in this area are
upstream consulting ( e.g. digital strategy, operating strategy, IT
strategy), digital expertise and business expertise in each vertical
market, especially in financial services. The notoriety of the
Sopra!Steria Next brand, created in 2019 to promote the Group s
digital transformation consulting expertise, has benefited from this.
In France, it is also bolstered by the Group s decision to integrate its
CSR mission into its consulting activities. This mission, built around
the idea of digital ethics, is backed by a dedicated communications
plan.

RCH" "(0 (HH

Sopra!Steria has successfully completed numerous digital projects.

Its experience has allowed it to offer a holistic approach to digital
transformation to the market, based on a series of best practices,
with the ultimate goal of creating the platform company .

To step up its commitment to digital technology, the Group is
continuing to invest with the goal of:

p being at the cutting edge of the market in all of its services and
business models;

strengthening its technology assets;
transforming its operating models;

p educating all of its employees in digital culture, practices and
skills;

p keeping an eye on the market in order to clarify its digital strategy
and target the best digital partners.

Digitisation of offerings and business model adaptation

The Group is gradually adapting its solutions to factor in advances
in digital technology in a number of key areas, such as the
customer/user experience, analytics, AI, APIs etc, and to take
account in their architecture of changes in client needs, such as

growing use of the (hybrid) cloud, increasing demand for
software-as-a-service and the gradual adoption of the platform

company model (particularly in the financial sector).

The same approach is being applied for each of the Group s service
activities — Consulting, Application Services (Build and Application
Management), Infrastructure Management, Cybersecurity, Business
Process Services — with the following Group objectives:

p using the potential of new technologies — analytics, Al/machine
learning, smart machines, blockchain, IoT, augmented/virtual
reality etc. — to benefit its clients through innovative applications;

p driving its clients transformation from its current position: for
example, the Application Management offering has evolved to
encompass the end-to-end transformation of processes and the
corresponding modernisation of existing IT systems, including
connecting digital technologies with legacy systems and
migrating all or some of the IT system to the cloud;

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 29
MENEEEEEEEE,:«SBUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Strategy and objectives

p Presenting new end-to-end approaches: providing strategic
support for platform-based transformations at large companies
and public authorities, implementing digital continuity in
industrial value chains, building service platforms, overseeing the
cloud-based and digital transformation of information systems,
etc.

The digitisation of offerings and, more broadly speaking, changing
client expectations, have led the Group to adapt its business
models. The Group will thus be selling more and more solutions
operated on behalf of clients and, in services, increasingly leveraging
intellectual property (reusable components, implementation
accelerators, etc.). It will thus generate more recurring revenue
through its solutions, with less of a direct connection to the size of
its workforce in services.

Technology assets

The Group is continually investing in the exploration of new ideas
and expertise in architectures, and in emerging digital and cloud
technologies and uses, relying on its teams of digital champions
(experts led by the Group s Chief Technology Officer).

At the same time, all necessary resources are being designed and
put in place to rapidly develop and operate digital solutions on
behalf of the Group s clients that are natively designed to function
in hybrid cloud environments:

p the Digital Enablement Platform (DEP), the technical foundation
for building or modernising IT systems (designed to be able to
interact with components of Amplify, Axway s hybrid integration
platform), an industrial DevOps chain and an environment to
capitalise on and search for reusable software components, a
private cloud that can be extended to the main public clouds;

p implementation accelerators for new digital technologies (smart
machines, AI/machine learning, blockchain, IoT, etc.);

p digital factories to enable service offerings combining consulting
and software (e.g. migrating information systems to the cloud).

Transformation of operating models

The Group is gradually changing the operating model for its services
and R&D activities (by integrating its aforementioned technology
assets):

p extensive experience with agile projects (including many in
collaboration with offshore and nearshore centres);

p rollout of processes and resources (software and digital factories)
for industrialisation, automation and reusable components
developed to boost productivity and quality for IT services and
R&D activities.

In particular, this involves greater use of smart machines (robotic
process automation, intelligent automation, virtual assistants) in the
Group s recurring service activities (in connection with its Business
Process Services, Infrastructure Management, Application
Management and Support offerings) as well as expanding the reuse
of existing technology- or industry-specific software components (IP
blocks, open source) and the use of low-code/no-code development
platforms for the building of solutions:

p transformation in line with the production model of each activity
(distribution of roles between the onshore production teams, the
service centres, and the offshore and nearshore R&D teams).

30 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

Skills development

To accompany its transformation, the Group is making a
considerable effort to train its employees and managers:

p Strengthening its training offering: introductory and more
advanced courses on all digital/cloud technologies, training on
new digital practices and new industrial environments, training
on the digitised services provided by the Group;

p digitisation of training resources: virtual training rooms, in-house
e-learning and access to MOOC-style learning platforms.

Innovation

Numerous initiatives are being encouraged to promote and enhance
innovation, such as the Group s digital champions keeping an eye
on technology advances and uses, innovation imperatives assigned
to project teams, internal innovation competitions to develop new
digital uses, hackathons open to clients and partners, as well as
platforms for digital demonstrations, brainstorming, co-design,
rapid development and technology intelligence open to clients,
employees and partners (DigiLabs at all the Group s major locations
and a Next centre at its registered office), etc.

Ecosystem of partners

Special efforts are being made to establish targeted partnerships
with leading players in the digital ecosystem by vertical and by
major technology area (startups and niche players, institutions of
higher education and research laboratories, top software
development companies, tech giants, etc.). It is within this
framework that a strategic partnership has _ been forged with Axway.

In order to ensure effective market intelligence, a collaborative
startup observatory is made available to the Group s teams of digital
champions and all its managers.

In certain very specific cases relating to its digital strategy, the
Group may directly or indirectly take equity stakes (through
specialised funds) in young startups that it considers as the most
innovative in the market, applying a corporate venturing approach.

(& (" # 7S *&(

Focused business development

To support the positioning it has in view, the Group is continuing its
policy targeting specific vertical markets, key accounts and business
areas in all countries where it operates.

There are eight priority verticals that currently account for the
majority of revenue: Financial Services; Governance & Public Sector;
Aerospace, Defence & Security; Energy & Utilities; Telecoms, Media
& Entertainment; Transport; Insurance; Retail.

For each vertical, the Group selects a small number of key accounts
(fewer than 100 at Group level), focuses on a few different business
areas in which it aims to secure a leading position and implements
an inter-entity coordination system for the different countries and
subsidiaries concerned.

Some of these verticals are considered particularly strategic. The
Group has very clear strengths in several countries (broad position,

IT and business expertise, replicable experiences etc.). The
transformation needs of businesses, public authorities and
ecosystems in place are considerable and rely on similar solutions

from one country to the next. These verticals are eligible for
corporate investment or external growth transactions.
In 2021, the organisation of the financial services vertical was
bolstered in order to develop synergies between the various
business lines and improve the Group s positioning in Europe in this
strategic market.

The financial services vertical includes:

p service businesses in France, the United Kingdom, Germany,
Spain, the Benelux countries, Scandinavia, Italy and Switzerland,
by Gallit and at the Group s Service Centres;

p software and ancillary services supplied by Sopra Banking;

p software and ancillary services supplied by Sopra HR Software
and Sopra Real Estate Software in the financial services market.

End-to-end vertical offerings

In order to achieve its leadership objective in its targeted verticals
and business areas, the Group mobilises the development efforts of
its various entities to build end-to-end value propositions as well as
offerings of business solutions designed to address the business
challenges faced by its major clients. As an example, the Group
applies this approach to meet digital continuity challenges in the
aerospace value chain.

Particular emphasis is placed on the financial services vertical, for
which the Group offers comprehensive responses to productivity
issues and the challenges brought about by platformisation in the
core banking and specialist lending sectors. These responses are
based on Sopra Banking Software s solutions and the Group s full
range of consulting activities and services.

hw) ( #" (C&C -

In addition to regular targeted acquisitions in order to enhance its
offering and expertise or strengthen its position in certain regions,
the Group is ready to play an active role in market consolidation,
which will inevitably be boosted by the end of the Covid-19 crisis. In
this context, it will be able to carry out larger acquisitions.

@ 2021 Full-year results

6.1. Comments on 2021 performance

Vincent Paris, Chief Executive Officer of Sopra Steria Group,
commented:

We turned in a strong performance in!2021, comfortably
achieving the targets we had set for ourselves at the beginning of
the year. Digital transformation is accelerating and is seen by senior
management teams as an opportunity, in particular to improve
internal processes and make their organisations more resilient.
Business dynamic was very this year and we are very well positioned
to take advantage of market growth. In this context, human
resource management is one of our current priorities. In relation to
this important topic, 2021!saw a strong recovery in recruitment

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

2021 Full-year results

"( & (" (  &#)$E’
"C# C CC& C=

To fulfil the mission it has adopted, achieve the targets set in this
regard and respond to its clients growing demands, the Group is
gradually factoring social and environmental concerns into its
strategy in three main areas:

7&1 CM

p digital ethics: Sopra!Steria promotes a responsible approach in its
consulting services;

p green IT: the Group s different business lines work to assess and
optimise the environmental impact of the digital solutions they
offer, build and operate for their clients (as part of a green IT
approach);

p IT for Green: the Group s activities in this area help clients address
their sustainability priorities, using new technologies to develop
innovative environmentally and climate-friendly solutions.

5.3. Medium-term strategic objectives

Sopra Sterias strategy is built around its independent corporate

plan focused on sustainable value creation for its stakeholders. This

Europe-wide corporate plan is underpinned by expansion through

organic and acquisition-led growth. Its goal is to generate
substantial added value by leveraging a comprehensive range of

end-to-end solutions, driven by our powerful consulting and

software businesses and our combination of technology and

sector-specific expertise.

This plan is set within an upbeat market for digital services, boosted
by demand for digital transformation on the part of businesses and
institutions looking to optimise their processes and increase their
resilience.

Given this context, Sopra Steria is targeting annual organic revenue
growth of between 4% and 6% over the next three years. The
Group has also set targets to achieve an operating margin on
business activity of around 10% by!2024 and generate free cash
flow of between 5% and 7% of revenue over the next three years.

and efforts focused on retaining talent. I am pleased with the net
increase in our headcount of 1,500!employees and our partnership
with 650!additional subcontractors. I am also very proud of the
continuing improvement in the results of our survey of the Group s
entire workforce, with virtually all of our entities around the world
eligible for Great Place to Work certification in!2021.

( ? #" #$ & (" $ & #&! "

Consolidated revenue totalled "4,682.8!million, an increase of
9.8%. Changes in scope had a positive impact of "94.5!million, and
currency fluctuations had a positive impact of "41.6!million. At
constant scope and exchange rates, revenue growth was 6.4%.

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 31
MENEEEEEEEE,:«SBUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

2021 Full-year results

Profit from recurring operations came to !379.2"million,
up"26.3% relative to 2020. The operating margin on business
activity bounced back strongly to 8.1% (7.0% in 2020 and 8.0%
in"2019).

The France reporting unit (39% of the Groups revenue)
generated revenue of !1,824.9"million, representing organic
growth of 5.9%. The rebound was driven in particular by our
product life cycle management activities (up"17.2%). Steadily
gaining momentum over the course of the year, consulting and
systems integration recorded growth of 5.7%, while infrastructure
management rose 2.5%. Defence, aerospace, telecoms and media,
and energy were the best-performing vertical markets. The
acquisition of EVA Group in December has significantly boosted
Sopra Steria s firepower in cybersecurity with the aim of becoming
one of the leaders in this market in France. The reporting unit saw a
clear recovery in profitability, improving its operating margin on
business activity by 1.8"points to 8.6%. This improvement is
expected to continue in 2022 with a return to the level reached in
2019 (9.7%).

In the United Kingdom (18% of Group"revenue), growth slowed
in the fourth quarter as anticipated. Nevertheless, the reporting unit
posted solid growth of 13.9% in 2021, ending the year with
revenue of !823.1"million. This performance was driven by the
rapid growth achieved by the two joint ventures specialising in
business process services for the public sector (NHS SBS and SSCL).
They posted revenue of !435.7"million, representing average
organic growth of 24.3% for the financial year (8.0% in Q4). The
defence, security and government sectors grew 9.4% year on year
even though the fourth quarter was less favourable, especially for
the visa renewal service. The private sector remained under pressure
in 2021 although operating performance improved compared with
2020. The strong rise in the reporting units revenue was
accompanied by a 1.1-point improvement in its operating margin

on business activity to 9.1%.

The Other Europe reporting unit (29% of Group revenue) posted
organic revenue growth of 6.0% at constant scope and exchange
rates to !1,343.2"million. Momentum was strong for Benelux,
Scandinavia and Germany in particular, all of which achieved
double-digit organic growth. During the second half of the year, the
reporting unit strengthened its position in digital consulting in
Scandinavia with the acquisitions of Labs (5O0"consultants) and
EGGS Design (150"consultants), specialising respectively in user
experience and business design. The operating margin on business
activity came to 7.8% (8.1% in 2020). The countries of the pole
improved their performance at 9.1% while Sopra Financial
Technology remained, as forecasted during the transformation
period, dilutive for the reporting unit.

In 2021, Sopra Banking Software (9% of Group revenue)
continued its product developments, particularly in its range of
digital solutions, whose pace of growth accelerated, while
tightening its cost control. Overall, operating performance
continued to improve. Revenue came to !434.1"million, an organic
contraction of 3.3%. This change was mainly due to a decline in
licence sales arising from a highly unfavourable base effect in the
second half of the year, given the 43% increase recorded in the
same period of 2020. Services revenue grew in the second half of
2021. The five-year R&D transformation programme delivered a
!4"million reduction in development costs in its first year. The
gradual recovery in profitability under way since 2019 gained
momentum in 2021: operating profit on business activity came to
'17.5"million (110.5"million in 2020 and !4.9"million in 2019),
equating to a margin of 4.0% (2.5% in 2020 and 1.1% in 2019).

32 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

The Other Solutions reporting unit (5% of Group revenue)
posted revenue of !257.5"million, representing organic growth of
8.7%. Human resources solutions posted growth of 10.0%, while
real estate management solutions grew"6.2%. The operating
margin on business activity improved by 1.3"points to 10.1% (8.8%

in 2020).

6.2. Comments on the components
of!net profit attributable
to!the!Group and! financial
position at 31!December 2021

Profit from recurring operations came in at !339.3"million
equating to growth of 29.9%. It included a !6.7"million
share-based payment expense and a !33.2"million amortisation
expense on allocated intangible assets.

Operating profit reached !303.4"million, representing an
increase of 49.9%, after a net expense of !35.9"million for other

operating income and expenses (compared with a net expense of
!58.9"million in 2020).

The tax expense
32.8%.

The share of profit from equity-accounted companies
Axway Software) was !1.8"million (!2.3"million in 2020).

totalled !93.5"million, an effective tax rate of
(mainly

After deducting !5.9"million in
profit attributable to the Group
of 75.8% on 2020 and 17.1% on 2019.

came to !9.27, up"75.9% (!5.27"in

non-controlling interests, net
came to !187.7"million, a rise

Basic earnings per share
2020).

Free cash flow was very strong, at !264.4"million (!203.5"million
in 2020) in particular due to an increase in EBITDA of !64.8" million.

Net financial debt totalled !327.1"million, down 23.1% from its
level at 31"December 2020. It was equal to 19% of equity and

0.73x"pro"forma"EBITDA for"2021 before the impact of IFRS"16
(with the financial covenant stipulating a maximum of 3x).

The Groups syndicated credit facilities were renewed on
22"February 2022 for a period of five years and in the total amount

of !1.1"billion. The new multi-currency revolving credit facility is an
early replacement, under favourable conditions, for the existing
syndicated loan, which was due to mature in July"2023. Interest
rate calculations for this new credit facility are tied in part to an ESG
metric (reduction in greenhouse gas emissions).

6.3. Proposed dividend in respect
of financial year 2021

At its meeting of 23"February 2022, the Board of Directors of
Sopra"Steria Group decided to propose at the General Meeting of
the Shareholders to be held on Wednesday, 1"June 2022, that a
dividend of !3.20"per"share be distributed (vs."!2.0"per"share in
respect of financial year"2020). The ex-dividend date will be 7"June
2022. The dividend will be paid as of 9"June 2022.

6.4. Workforce

In a very buoyant market, recruitment increased considerably in
2021. A total of 10,636"new employees joined the Group during
the year, with 6,392"hires during the second half alone. The
Group s pace of recruitment has thus returned to pre-pandemic
levels.
At end-December!2021, the Groups net headcount _ increased by
1,477!employees. The Group had a total workforce of
47,437!employees, up from 45,960!at 31!December 2020. Staff
employed at international service centres (India, Poland, Spain, etc.)
represented 18.3% of the total workforce.

The Group also added 650! subcontractors in 2021.

The workforce attrition rate rose to 16.0% in 2021, but
remained below its 2019 level (17.6%).

6.5. Social and environmental
footprint

Sopra Steria sees its contribution to society as sustainable,
human-focused and purposeful, guided by the firm belief that
making digital work for people is a source of opportunity and
progress.

With regard to the environment, on 7!December 2021, CDP
confirmed that Sopra Steria had made its A!List — recognising the
world s most transparent and most proactive companies in the fight
against climate change — for the 5th! year in a row.

With regard to social responsibility — , in March!2021 Sopra Steria
became a signatory of the Womens Empowerment Principles
(WEPs) established by the UN Global Compact and UN Women,
reaffirming its commitment to gender equality. The main
imperatives are to attract more women to the digital services sector
and increase the proportion of women in the Group s management
bodies. Sopra Steria has set a target for women to make up at
least!30% of its Executive Committee membership by!2025. The
Group also renewed its commitments to equal opportunity, notably
in July!2021 by signing on to the LGBT+ Commitment Charter
established by L Autre Cercle.

More generally, Sopra Steria places great importance on the
management of its human resources . The survey conducted
across the Group s entire workforce in 2021 found that 72%!of its
employees would recommend Sopra Steria as a great place to work,
making virtually all of our entities eligible for Great Place to Worka
certification.

6.6. External growth transactions
and!acquisitions in financial
year 2021

During financial year 2021, Sopra!Steria announced the following
key transactions:

Subsequent events

The Board of Directors decided on 12!January 2022 to implement a
new We Share employee share ownership plan by adopting the
same features as the previous plans, given their success. The plan
involves the transfer of existing shares.

On 22!February 2022, the Group signed an agreement with its
partner banks consisting of a "1,100!million non-amortising
multi-currency credit facility tied to the achievement of

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Subsequent events

p EVA Group!— a French cybersecurity firm

On 21!December 2021, EVA Group was added to Sopra Steria s
scope of consolidation. The proposed acquisition was announced
on 12!October 2021. This transaction is a key step toward
positioning Sopra Steria as one of the top three players in the
French cybersecurity market;
p EGGS Design — a consulting firm specialising in digital service
design
On 2!December 2021, EGGS Design, a consulting firm specialising
in digital service design, was added to Sopra Sterias scope of
consolidation. The proposed acquisition was announced on
29!October 2021. EGGS Design employs around 120 consultants
who assist their clients in developing service strategies and
designing brand platforms. It has locations in Norway s four biggest
cities (Oslo, Bergen, Trondheim and Stavanger) as well as in
Denmark (Copenhagen);
p Labs —a Norwegian user experience consultancy
On 30!September 2021, the Group finalised its acquisition of Labs,
a consultancy specialising in the digital user experience. The
proposed acquisition was announced on 24!June 2021. Labs is
based in Bergen, Norway s second-largest city. It employs around
fifty consultants specialised in digital services to help transform the
customer experience. This acquisition bolsters Sopra Sterias
consulting activities in Norway in highly promising digital markets.

6.7. Infrastructure and technical
facilities

A total of "42.7!million was invested in 2021 in infrastructure and

technical facilities, as against "27.8!million in 2020.

Investments in facilities comprised the following:

Pp land and buildings: "0.5m;

Pp fixtures, fittings and furniture: "23.0m;

p IT: "19.2m.

6.8. Targets for 2022

p Organic revenue growth of between 5% and 6%
p Operating margin on business activity of between 8.5% and 9.0%

p Free cash flow of around "250!million

environmental goals. This agreement replaced the existing revolving
multi-currency credit facility. It has an initial term of five years and
may optionally be extended for two periods of one year each.
Furthermore, the current syndicated loan, amortising until 2023,
was repaid in full.

No other subsequent events occurred after the end of financial year
2021.

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 33
MEE: «XBUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES
Simplified Group structure at 31!December 2021

8. Simplified Group structure at 31!December 2021

sopra S steria

Sopra Banking Sopra Steria Sopra Steria Holdin|
Software R assurance (United Kingdom
(France) (Luxembourg)

Sopra Banking
“Sofware
(United Kingdom)

Sopra HR Softwa
(France)

Q
=
EY

Sopra HR Softwa

(Spain) (France)

Sopra Steria
Benelux

Belgium

Sopra HR Softwa
(Germany)

Sopra Banking
Sopra HR Softwa Software Belgi T d Luxembourg
(Belgium) (Belgium) Business Services (Luxembourg)

(United Kingdom

Sopra Financial .
Solutions Netherlani Shared Services 6 Sopra Steria
(Netherlands) U (Luxembourg)

Sopra HR Softwa
(Luxembourg)

; Sopra Banking
nae, Software Istande Qua o Rese
(Iceland) pain etherlands
Sopra Bankin;
Sopra HR Softwa Sofware Lurembo 2MORO Sopra Steria Grou
(Switzerland) (Luxembourg) (France) (United Kingdom i

Sopra Banking Sopra Steria .
‘Coated Kin ee Software Infrastructure & Se Celescan Sopra Steria
es (Germany) Services (France) U (Switzerland)

ted Ki
Sopra Steria UK
Corpo
(United Kingdom

1
edo
ite

Sopra HR Softwa Eva Partners Sopra Financial
(Tunisia) (France) rechnology
Sopra Financial ;
See Solutions Iberia Eva Group Sop Sia tnd Sopra Steria
(Spain) (France) (Germany

Sagraitmve | PS “Seas 1 Sota
Tahiti) gral \gapol Gi
i & Innovation (Fran¢ (Germany)
Expert Eyes
(France)

Sopra Banking
Software US

(United States)
Sopra Banking Wage Portal Label
ge Por
Software Moroce¢ (France) Sopra Steria
(Morocco) ‘Leenmark)

io
A
g
3

seil
SAB Atlas et Audit
(Morocco) (France) Sopra Seria sede
ss | sweden)
Sopra Banking BSSI North Ameri
Software Tunisia (United States) Sopra Steria
(Tunisia) (Russia)

SAB M diterrann
(Lebanon)

Sopra Steria
(Austria)

Sopra Bankin; isi Eva Group Canada
Software Singapc ai nae Think It Efficient Sopra Steria Pols Sopra Steria
(Singapore) (Canada) Poland) (Norway)

5% — Sopra Software

Beijing Sopra
Cameroun

Evagroup Asia Paci

and Technolo;
Compan’ (China) (Cameroon) (Singapore) HoloCare
Sopra Banking Sopra Banking a ay (Norway)
lorway
Software Solution: Cte d Ivoire L va Group HK y)
Private Ltd (India) (Cte d Ivoire) imited (Hong Kot

HoloCare
Eggs Design AS (United Kingdom
(Norway)

Eggs Design APS
(Denmark

Sopra Banking
Software Senegal Eva Maroc
(Senegal) (Morocco)

SOPRA BANKING SOFTWARE

Note: the companies are over 95%-owned by the Group, either directly or indirectly, unless otherwise specified.
(*) Exercisable voting rights

—o BRANCH }

34 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021
9) Group organisation

Sopra!Steria Group s governance consists of a Board of Directors,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

The organisation is supported by a permanent operational and
functional structure as well as temporary structures for the
management of particular deals and projects.

Sopra GMT, the holding company that takes an active role in
managing the Group, takes part in conducting Group operations
through:

p its presence on the Board of Directors and the three Board
committees;

p 4 tripartite assistance agreement entered into with Sopra!Steria
and Axway, concerning services. relating to strategic
decision-making, coordination of general policy between
Sopra!Steria and Axway, and the development of synergies
between these two companies, as well as consulting and
assistance services, particularly with respect to finance and
control.

9.1. Permanent structure

The Group s permanent structure is composed of four operational
tiers and their associated functional structures.

( &C » Ce EM Ln
"C5 JC * EL

On Wednesday, 12!January!2022, Sopra Steria announced the
appointment of Cyril Malarg to succeed Vincent Paris as Chief
Executive Officer.
After 1!March 2022, when Cyril Malarg will take up the position
of Chief Executive Officer, Vincent Paris will continue to work with
the Group as Advisor to the Chairman.

The Executive Committee (ExCom) is led by the Chief Executive

Officer and consists of the heads of the main operating and
functional entities.

The 17!members of Sopra!Steria Groups Executive Committee
supervise the Groups organisation, management system, major
contracts and support functions and entities. The Executive
Committee is involved in the Groups strategic planning and
implementation. Three of its members are women.

Members of the Sopra!Steria Executive Committee:
p Cyril Malarg , Chief Executive Officer;

p Laurent Giovachini, Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Business

Strategy, Defence and Security;

ric Pasquier, Software;

Pierre-Yves Commanay, Continental Europe;
John Neilson, United Kingdom;

Gr gory Wintrebert, France;

Nicolas Aidoud, Financial Services;
Yvane Bernard-Hulin, Legal;

ric Bierry, Sopra Banking Software;
tienne du Vignaux, Finance;

Claire Ducos, Marketing;

William Ferr , Industrial Approach;

Jean-Claude Lamoureux, Sopra!Steria Next (Consulting);

TcvT TU VU UClUC CUCU CUCU TU TU TU TOUTUC OUT

Fabienne Mathey-Girbig, Corporate Responsibility and Sustainable
Development;

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Group organisation

Pp Xavier Pecquet, Key Accounts and Partnerships, Aeroline;
p Mohammed Sijelmassi, Technology;

Pp Jean-Charles Tarlier, Human Resources Development.

The Group Operating Committee consists of the members of the

Executive Committee and 22 operational and functional directors

for countries or subsidiaries. Five of the Group Operating
Committee s members are women.

The Group Management Committee consists of the members of the

Group Operating Committee, together with 14 operational directors

and functional directors. Nine of the Group Management
Committee s members are women.

( &C 7)? & 7 #& #)"(&
These are the main operating entities. Their scope corresponds to
one of the following:

p a specific line of business (consulting and systems integration,
development of business solutions, infrastructure management
and cloud services, cybersecurity services and business process
services);

p geographic area (country).

These entities are managed by their own Management Committee,
comprising in particular the Director and management of
tier!3 !entities.

( &C gM
Each country or subsidiary is made up of divisions based on two
criteria:

p vertical market;

p geographic area (region).

Cr co a ae

Each division is made up of business units, which are the
organisations primary building blocks. They operate as profit
centres and enjoy genuine autonomy. They have responsibility for
their human resources, budget and profit and loss account.
Management meetings focusing on sales and marketing strategy
and human resources are held weekly, and the operating accounts
and budget are reviewed on a monthly basis.

The diagram below illustrates the four main tiers of the ongoing
structure:

Sopra Steria Group
Executive Committee

Subsidiaries and/or Countries

NN
u
o

=

Divisions

oa)
4
o
=

Business Units

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 35
MENEEEEEEEE,:«SBUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGIES

Group organisation

#S & (#"  7)SS#&C )" CH”

The operational organisation is strengthened by operational support
entities responsible for managing major transformations:

p the Key Accounts and Partnerships Department (DGCP),
responsible for promoting the Key Accounts policy and
developing relations with partners. The role of this department is
‘0 coordinate the commercial and production approaches for our
major clients, particularly when different entities are involved;

p the Digital Transformation Office (DTO), responsible for designing
and managing the Groups digital transformation. It also
manages the Group s innovation approach;

p the Industrial Department, responsible for industrialising working
methods and organising subcontracting on!X-shore platforms. It
also checks that projects are properly executed.

y" CO #" 7 (&) O& ?

The functional departments are the Human Resources Department,
the Marketing and Communications Department, the Corporate
Responsibility and Sustainable Development Department, the
Internal Control Department, the Finance Department, the Legal
Department, the Real Estate Department, the Purchasing
Department, and the Information Systems Department.

These centralised functions ensure Group-wide consistency.
Functional managers transmit and ensure commitment to the
Groups core values, serve the operational entities and report
directly to Executive Management.

The Groups functional structures standardise management rules
(information system resources, IT systems, financial reporting, !etc.)
and monitor the application of strategies and rules. In this manner,
they contribute to overall supervision and enable the operational
entities to focus on business operations.

4 "(
#& oo"? ( #"

Sopra!Steria manages complex and large-scale programmes and
projects in a market where delivery commitments are increasing and
becoming globalised. The Group has an increasingly wide range of
skills to support multi-site projects that generate strong gains in
productivity with delivery models that guarantee clients an optimal
cost structure.

"yw

36 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

Sopra!Steria applies an industrial production approach, supported
by five levers:

p production culture: transmission of know-how and expertise in
the field;

p choice of personnel: human resources are central to the
approach, providing training, support and improved skills for
each employee;

p Organisation: the Industrial Department and its representatives in
the business units control production quality and performance,
identify and manage risks, support project managers and roll out
industrialised production processes;

p State-of-the-art industrial-scale foundation: the Delivery Rule Book
(DRB), the Digital Enablement Platform (DEP) and the Quality
System across the Group s various entities;

p global delivery model: rationalising production by pooling
resources and expertise within service centres, with services
located based on the needs of each client (local services and skill
centres in various entities, shared service centres nearshore in
Spain and Poland, and offshore shared service centres in India).

9.2. Temporary structures for specific
deals and projects

The Group s organisation must retain flexibility in order to adapt —_to

changes in its markets and ensure the successful completion of

projects.

These are handled by temporary teams:

p within the entities;

p under the authority of a pilot entity, established to leverage
synergies across several entities.

Each project is organised and carried out in order to meet
fundamental objectives: client service, business success, and
contribution to the overall growth of the Group.

Depending on their particularities (size, area of expertise,
geographic area covered), large-scale projects can be managed at
the business unit, division, subsidiary/country or Executive
Management level. Certain large projects requiring the resources of
several business units may involve the creation of a division.
2. Risk factors
and internal control

1. /91 ,’):589
Risk identification and assessment 38
Summary overview of risk factors 38
Detailed presentation of risk factors 39
2. 49;8°4)4+
3. 4:4+84°2 )54:852 °4* 8/91 3°4°-+34+4:
Objectives and framework for the internal control
and risk management system 45
Scope 46
Components of the internal control and risk management system. 46
Participants in internal control and risk management 47
Assessment and continuous improvement process 49
4. 85)+*384+9 842° :444+6:54+6°8°:/54 °4* 685)4+99)H5 5455/4 -
74* ./4°4)/°2 /4,583°:/54
Coordination of the accounting and financial function 49
Preparation of the published accounting and financial information 50

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 37
M@QNEEEN,s«sRISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Risk factors

Risk factors

1.1. Risk identification and assessment

Risks are identified and the implementation of associated mitigation
plans assessed and monitored on an ongoing basis by the various
operational and functional units via the risk management system.
This system is based on regular weekly, monthly and annual cycles
that are followed at every level of the organisation, corresponding
to monthly, annual and multi-year planning horizons (see
description in Section!3.3.2 of this chapter, page!46). These cycles
help the Group maintain an overall view that takes into account
opportunities and risks at every level (strategy, operations, human
resources, compliance,!etc.). They are synchronised so as to
facilitate higher-level consolidation. All engineering methodologies
used by the Group s business lines are predicated on the risk-based
approach, helping disseminate this culture at every level of the
organisation.

Every year, when the annual cycles take place, information gathered

at Group level is used to update the general mapping of risks. This
exercise, coordinated by the Internal Control Department, consists
of identifying the risks that could limit Sopra Sterias ability to
achieve its objectives and complete its corporate plan, as well as
assessing their likelihood of occurrence and their impact should they
occur, on a financial, strategic, operating and reputational level.
This assessment is based on contributors perceptions, analysis of
historical and forecast data and monitoring of changes in the
external environment. The main operational and functional

1.2. Summary overview of risk factors

managers are involved through interviews and _ validation
workshops. The risk mapping covers all internal and external risks
and includes both financial and non-financial issues.

Risks are assessed on a scale of four levels: very low, low, possible,
almost certain in terms of likelihood; and low, moderate, significant,
critical in terms of impact. The time frame used is five years. Specific
mapping for corruption and influence-peddling risks and_ risks
relating to duty of vigilance are taken into account in this general
risk mapping.

The results are reviewed and approved by Executive Management
and presented to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

The most_significant_risks specific to Sopra Steria are set_out below

by category and in decreasing order of criticality (based on the
crossover between likelihood of occurrence and the estimated

extent of their impact), taking account of mitigation measures
implemented. As such, this presentation of residual risks is not
intended to show all Sopra Sterias risks. The assessment of this
order of materiality may be changed at any time, in particular due

to the appearance of new external factors, changes in operations or

a change in the effects of risk management measures.

For each risk, a description is provided explaining in what ways it

could affect Sopra Steria as well as the risk management measures
put in place, such as governance, policies, procedures and checks.

The table below shows the results of this assessment in terms of residual materiality on a scale of three levels, from least material ( ! ) to most
material (!!!—).

Category/Risk Residual materiality Page
Risks related to strategy and external factors ! !
Strategic positioning and marketing "! Page!39
Loss of business from a major client or vertical ! Page!39
Acquisitions '" Page!40
Attacks on reputation '" Page!40
Risks related to operational activities ! !
Cyberattacks, systems security, data protection "! Page!40
Resilience to a major systemic event "! Page!41
Sale and delivery of projects and managed/operated services ! Page!42
Risks related to human resources ! !
Ability to attract and retain employees | SNFP” iW! Page!43
Development of skills and managerial practices | SNFP! " Page!43
Risks related to regulatory requirements ! !
Compliance SNFP“ ! Page!44

(1) SNFP Statement of Non-Financial Performance : This risk also relates to the provisions of Articles!L.!225-102-1!III and

Statement of Non-Financial Performance.

It should be noted that the Group is not directly exposed to Ukraine, Belarus or Russia, with the exception of a small

38 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

R.!225-105 of the French Commercial Code, which cover the Company s

non-trading entity in the latter country, which is currently being closed.
RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Risk factors

1.3. Detailed presentation of risk factors
& 7 & ( (HR Ce (#&?

! STRATEGIC POSITIONING AND MARKETING

Risk description

The business activities of the Group s clients are changing and are being transformed as a result of their digital transformation and the
adaptation of competitors, and the development of new businesses and/or new organisations. Clients are seeking to become more agile,
and to do so they are reinventing their business models, organisational structures and resources. These developments concern all of the
Group s businesses.

If the Group is unable to understand, satisfy and anticipate clients needs, an unsuitable market positioning and/or difficulties in
implementing its strategy could significantly impact its financial performance and image, and ultimately call into question its strategy.

Risk management measures

The management of this risk is integrated into the development of regular basis by the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and the
he Group s strategy as well as its effective implementation. Each Strategy Department, in liaison with the Groups Executive
year, the Group conducts a strategy review and/or update, under Committee.

he supervision of the Strategy Department, the Chairman and the
Chief Executive Officer, with the assistance of the Group s Executive
Committee, covering some or all business lines and markets in
which it operates.!This exercise, which draws both on external
studies and internal feedback from stakeholders in contact with
clients, leads the Group to take a certain number of decisions, in
particular involving the transformations to be undertaken or the p Sopra Banking Software s strategic plan;
acquisitions strategy. These decisions are applied, on the one hand,
by the corporate functions, responsible in particular for investing on
behalf of the entire Group in support of the planned
transformations and, on the other hand, by all Group entities
(countries and subsidiaries) as part of the updating of their
three-year strategic plans. The Group-wide implementation of the
transformations initiated by the central functions as well as the
progress made on each entity s strategic plan are monitored on a

By way of illustration, the following were subject to additional
review and/or monitoring in 2021:

p transforming the integration and infrastructure management
offerings;

developing consulting activities within the Group;

~]

~]

establishing a Software division;

~]

strengthening priority verticals, particularly the Financial Services
vertical;

~]

the Group s industrial policy;

developing human resources;

~]

acquisitions.

~]

! LOSS OF BUSINESS FROM A MAJOR CLIENT OR VERTICAL

Risk description

In general, the uncertain economic situation in Europe as well as possible consolidation within the various sectors, or a slowdown in the
business activity of a specific client or major sector, could have a _ negative impact on the Group.

To cope with budgetary pressure, a major client or even the entire sector could be forced to curtail IT investment projects, resulting for the
Group in the loss of associated revenue and requiring the reassignment of the teams in place, a risk all the more difficult to manage if the
downward fluctuations could not have been predicted.

Main clients include Airbus, Banque Postale, BNP Paribas, the UK Cabinet Office, CNAM, Cr dit Agricole, EDF, the UK Department for
Work and Pensions, the UK Home Office, the UK Metropolitan Police, the French Ministry of the Armed Forces, the French Ministry of the
Economy, Finance and Recovery, the French Ministry of the Interior, the UK Ministry of Defence, the UK Ministry of Justice, the UK
National Health Service, Norddeutsche Landesbank, Orange, the French Job Centre, SNCF, Soci t Gn rale and Sparda Banken.

In 2021, the Group s top client accounted for 6.2% of revenue, the top five clients represented 21.6% and the top ten contributed 32.5%.

Risk management measures

The Groups policy is to maintain a multi-client and multi-sector concerned parties. A regular review at monthly steering committee

portfolio across multiple geographical operations and sites, in meetings is also organised within the Group to monitor market
particular to avoid any uncontrolled concentration risk. developments.

The Group s strategy relating to key accounts is reviewed each year Furthermore, swiftly implemented action plans help mitigate, if
in accordance with country, business line and_ sector-specific necessary, some of the effects of a reduction in business activity,

strategic reviews in order to adapt this strategy to market such as transferring projects to the job markets affected, reskilling

developments. This is the object of a dedicated exercise with all of employees and limiting subcontractors.

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 39
M@QNEEEN,s«sRISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Risk factors

! ACQUISITIONS

Risk description

The Group s development strategy is based in part on its ability to identify potential acquisition targets and integrate them into its general
offering, whether to supplement or improve it. Any major difficulty in integrating companies, generating the expected synergies, retaining
staff of acquired entities or achieving a return on these acquisitions in future could have a negative impact on the Group s financial results
and outlook.

Risk management measures

Proposed acquisitions in the process of being identified, assessed or
negotiated are reviewed on a regular basis by a dedicated
committee. Due diligence procedures are implemented for all
proposed acquisitions in order to identify the inherent risks of the
potential deal. These audits — carried out in collaboration with
external advisors — concern both financial aspects and the valuation
of the target, as well as operating, legal and taxation aspects,
human resources, governance, compliance and business ethics, and

issues relating to the environment. All procedures associated with
this upstream process are included in the M&A Playbook , which
now applies to M&A and corporate venture deals.

Any acquisitions are then subject to an integration programme,
making it possible to anticipate and then monitor all key stages of
the process from a strategic, operating, financial and human
perspective. These integration policies and procedures are in
addition to the M&A Playbook .

! ATTACKS ON REPUTATION

Risk description

Given its size, multiple geographical locations and positioning in projects at the heart of the clients information systems and more visible
projects for end clients (e.g. platform activities in the United Kingdom, major public sector transformation projects, payroll outsourcing
activities), the Group could become increasingly exposed to the spreading of negative information in the media, whether proved or not,
stemming from media attacks by external or internal stakeholders or negative comments on social media.

If the Group were to be the object of damaging media coverage or negative messages, this could have an adverse impact on its image
and attractiveness and have repercussions on its financial performance.

Risk management measures

The Group has set up a media monitoring system in order to be
informed as soon as possible of any publications about it and be
able to react. If any criticism of or allegations against the Group

should spread widely, crisis communication procedures may also be
activated with the support of specialist agencies, with no guarantee
that the negative effects of such attacks can be fully neutralised.

& 7 & ( (# #S & ( #" C* C ?

! CYBERATTACKS, SYSTEMS SECURITY, DATA PROTECTION

Risk description

A phishing campaign or the exploitation _ of a security flaw in the technical infrastructures or solutions used by Sopra Steria are examples of
cyberattacks. They could result in a breakdown or disruption of essential systems for activities contractually authorised with clients and/or
for the Group s internal operations, or the loss, corruption or disclosure of data. A cyberattack on a client, even if indirectly caused by a
service provided by the Group, could also have major repercussions for Sopra Steria.

This risk inevitably increases in the context of digital transformation (including services hosted in the cloud and mobile technologies).
Widespread working from home is also a factor that increases cyberthreats. Cyberattacks by malicious actors (hackers, criminal
organisations and state-backed organisations) have increased sharply in both frequency and sophistication, and this trend only looks set to
intensify in the future.

These risks are significant in terms of both their probability and their impact and are at the heart of Sopra Steria s strategic concerns. Their
potential impacts include the financial implications of client claims relating to contractual commitments, the interruption of internal
operations, high incident recovery costs and regulatory non-compliance as well as reputational damage for the Group and the potential
loss of future contracts.

Risk management measures

Sopra!Steria has established an information security policy in line
with international standards and has put in place solid governance
for this purpose, which is coordinated at the Group s highest level.

The leadership team involved includes the Chief Information Security
Officers (CISOs), along with the Information Systems Department
(ISD) and the Groups security services, the security operations
centre (SOC) and computer emergency response team (CERT), with
responsibility for detecting and responding to cybersecurity
incidents. This organisational structure with its correspondents

40 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

within entities, meeting different countries regulatory requirements
and client needs as closely as possible, allows for in-depth
knowledge of areas of risk and business demands. It is aimed at
anticipating, preventing and managing cyber risks in relation to
information systems, including both internal systems and those used
for projects and services delivered or managed on behalf of the
Group s clients. The Group is continually investing in its security
awareness and training programme covering employees (e-learning
modules, awareness campaigns, videos, on-site and remote
training), as well as in protection, surveillance and detection systems
and to expand the involved teams. The organisation therefore
permanently enhances its procedures in terms of cybersecurity
monitoring and intelligence, to manage all security events around
the clock, as well as vulnerability management, follow-up actions on
computer emergency response team (CERT) reports, system
obsolescence management, and the siloing and tightening of
systems. Security tests on deliveries are permanently reinforced by
means of processes, tools and employee training.

Sopra Steria ensures the reliability of existing systems by way of
preventive testing plans and regularly conducts intrusion tests to
assess the resilience of new systems put into service during the year.
The entire system is verified on a regular basis, in particular by way

! RESILIENCE TO A MAJOR SYSTEMIC EVENT

Risk description

RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTRO!

Ll

Risk factors

of the annual audit programme and the certification audits for
ISO!27001 and ISAE!34-02 covering the Groups strategic and
sensitive areas of operations. The Group reviews its policies and
procedures, organisation and investments at least once a year, or as
required whenever a security incident occurs, to adapt to changes in
the context and risks, as despite everything these remain significant
for the Group in view of the unprecedented escalation in threats.

The Group has decided to further step up its investment: for more
than a year now, it has been pursuing a reinforcement programme
based on best practice and the best security solutions in its
category, the two key aims of which are to improve the Group s
security response and shorten the time required to get IT systems up
and running again following an attack.

The Group may be faced with extreme events that could trigger a major crisis for it. This could be a systemic event such as political,
economic or social crisis profoundly changing business conditions in one or more countries in which the Group operates, a major health
crisis, natural phenomena relating to climate change, whose frequency will surely increase, a global cyberattack or a major incident
making the Group s physical and/or IT and communication infrastructures widely unavailable.

Failings in prevention plans and/or crisis management processes or an inappropriate response to the crisis could have very major
repercussions on an economic and operational level and seriously damage the Group s reputation.

Risk management measures

All risk prevention systems help to control crisis management. This
concerns in particular those relating to human_resources,
management of projects and services and protection of IT systems
and infrastructures. The Covid-19 pandemic has served as an
opportunity to put the Groups crisis | management systems into
effect. These are based on swiftly adapting the Group s operations,
with impetus provided at the highest level, in this case the adoption
of dedicated governance with the aim of defining, coordinating and
permanently monitoring remediation and crisis communication
measures. These crisis management systems are also based on
permanent interaction with entities management teams, who are in
the front line in each country in which the Group operates, in order
to react and quickly adapt the measures implemented by the Group.
Despite this, the impact of an extreme event of the same or a
different nature, which is typically rapid and severe, remains a
significant risk for the Group on a five-year horizon.

More specifically, as regards the business continuity plan to ensure
our ability to meet our commitments to clients and internal
operating requirements, definition of the policy and choice of
implementation of the Groups production sites depend on these
factors. The decision to increase the number of countries and
regions in which it operates is an integral part of this policy to
maintain security and reduce risk exposure, allowing for the
management of emergency plans. A redundancy principle is applied
for all critical infrastructures and all system components. In the
event of outsourcing or subcontracting, the same
demanded of our suppliers. The Group has strict prevention and
security procedures covering areas such as physical security, power
cuts at critical sites, and data storage and backups. These
procedures and technical measures are re-evaluated on a regular
basis in order to adapt corrective measures.

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

level of service is

41

M@QNEEEN,s«sRISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Risk factors

! SALE AND DELIVERY OF PROJECTS AND MANAGED/OPERATED SERVICES

Risk description

For fixed-price projects and managed or operated services, lack of quality or failure to meet the standards expected of services and defined
in contracts may give rise to various risks for Sopra!Steria, such as contractual penalties, client complaints, claims for damages,
non-payment, additional costs, early contract termination and reputational risk. These types of projects and services account for two-thirds
of the Group s consolidated revenue.

In the current environment, clients demands are becoming increasingly complex due to speed of execution, the agility required and the
technical nature of solutions, as well as due to strict regulatory requirements, for example for the financial sector. These demands
increasingly factor in corporate responsibility, particularly in terms of reducing the environmental impact of information systems developed
or managed.

A poor assessment of the scale of the work to be done, an underestimate of the cost of providing the service or an incorrect estimate of
the technical solutions to be implemented can lead to estimated costs being exceeded or contractual deadlines not being met. This delay

can, in itself, result in penalties and/or budget overruns, resulting in additional costs and potentially impacting operating

margins.

Risk management measures

Managing clients demands and maintaining production quality are
central priorities for the Group. In order to ensure the quality of
management and execution of services, the Group has developed a
series of methods, processes and controls. In particular, the Group
uses a Delivery Rule Book (a set of 32 mandatory rules covering
everything from pre-sales to the end of the production phase for
services).

The selection of Project Directors and of Project Managers responds
to specific requirements and criteria according to the level of risk
and project complexity. Particular attention is paid before any
appointment is made. Project managers receive specific training.
These courses are regularly updated to include issues meriting
special attention and warnings relating to risks. In addition to
project and line management, Industrial Managers under the
authority of business unit/subsidiary managers and_ reporting
functionally to the Group Industrial Department are responsible for
monitoring all projects as well as the application of the production
tules.

The review of proposals and contracts by line management, but also
by the Industrial Department, the Legal Department and the Finance
Department, is an integral part of the Group s controls implemented
to fulfil its commitments. Indicators known as pre-sales KPIs are
used throughout the Group to monitor these quality milestones and
ensure that they are achieved. In addition, projects are reviewed on
a regular basis, at key phases in their production life cycle. These

42 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

reviews, which are organised by the Industrial Department or by its
local representatives, provide an external perspective on the status

and organisation of the delivery. The achievement of quality
milestones laid down in the Delivery Rule Book for the production
cycle is notably measured via compliance reviews based on various
checklists. Depending on its outcome, a compliance review may be
supplemented by a more in-depth review of the project in question.

Monthly steering meetings facilitate an overview of quality at all
levels, the monitoring of established annual quality targets and the
determination of the appropriate action plans to continuously
improve production performance and the quality of Sopra!Steria
products and services. The effective implementation of actions
agreed during steering meetings, audits and reviews is checked by
the Industrial Department.

As regards industrialisation, the Group has continued to invest
heavily in the resources required to rapidly develop and operate
digital solutions for its clients, designed to run in the cloud
environment: the Digital Enablement Platform (DEP);
implementation accelerators based on the
build-to-reuse/reuse-to-build approach, which, as well as improving
efficiency and productivity, aim to reduce the environmental impact

of development; and digital factories to deliver service offerings
combining consulting and software (e.g.!cloud migration and
modernisation of information systems).

RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Risk factors

& >> & ( (# JI" & CHR ?

! ATTRACTING AND RETAINING EMPLOYEES

Risk description

Sopra!Steria Group places its employees at the centre of its drive to create value, improve its competitive position and increase market
share. Its growth objectives must be achieved against the backdrop of increasingly intense competition, scarcity of expertise and increased
demands of applicants and employees in terms of quality of life at work, work-life balance and sustainability, particularly to limit the
environmental impact of operations. This trend is also supported by the development of digital technology (connectivity, collaborative
platforms etc.), which transforms uses and frees work from a certain number of constraints, in particular geographical constraints or in
relation to physical proximity.

Being unable to optimise recruitment systems and ways of working as necessary could compromise our ability to attract and retain the
talent we need. Recruitment difficulties and/or relatively high employee turnover (16.0% in 2021, up from 13.6% in 2020, returning to
2018-2019 levels) may prevent the Group from delivering on its strategy or achieving its target growth and financial performance.

Risk management measures

Sopra!Sterias employees are the motor fuelling its growth and numerous social media sourcing campaigns) and further
value creation. Employee engagement and retention are two key optimisations to the recruitment process and organisation;

focuses of the human Tesources policy. They have been translated p an immediate boarding integration process based on specific
into the following priorities: training programmes (Get On Board seminar, business line
p a sustained and pragmatic recruitment drive with recruitment training programmes);

almost at 2019 levels (10,636 new hires in 2021, compared with
10,844 in 2019) after a decline in 2020 (6,133 new hires) in line
with the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic;

p a special focus on well-being in the workplace (preventive
approach to occupational risks) and employee engagement in this
area (new 2021 edition of the Group people survey in partnership

p closer relationships with universities, with the focus of the policy with Great Place to Work);
shifting away from forums and towards educational activities p an employer brand ( Dare together ) that conveys the image of a
(classes, academic chairs, business and technical talks, HR committed and united Group with a singular and responsible
workshops, etc.); collective ambition;

p a continuously improving applicant experience (platforms for p ever-expanding civic engagement through iconic _ projects
interacting with applicants, original new event formats including (HandiTutorat, Prix tudiants awarded by Fondation Sopra!Steria
coding competitions and e-sports challenges, live chats and — Institut de France, etc.).

! DEVELOPMENT OF SKILLS AND MANAGERIAL PRACTICES

Risk description

Developing the skills of our employees and managers is a key factor in adapting the Group to its business challenges and maintaining
employability. This also helps to make the Group more resilient and competitive in the face of current and future changes.

Difficulties in offering training that is both aligned with the needs of our clients and on a pragmatic level adapted to the necessary
adjustment of our organisation and systems could call into question the Group s ability to serve its strategy and economic targets.
Managerial practices and methods should also be reviewed in the light of changes in ways of working, whether as a result of digital
transformation or recent external crises that have put us to the test.

Risk management measures

To strengthen its balance and support its growth, Sopra!Steria integrate, maintain and develop the necessary current and future

implements a human resources strategy centred on_ skills skills;

development, employability and the engagement of all employees. p a proactive training policy, whose objectives are reviewed and

This strategy has several pillars: approved by the Group s Executive Committee, supported by a

p an updated and digital Core Competency Reference Guide, revamped Sopra!Steria Academy training organisation, with
providing a shared framework for understanding the Group s adjustments made to its structure (governance, creation of
businesses, for employee evaluation, and for career development; specific Group and business line academies) as well as its

offerings (more streamlined and international, management and
managers and their team members, shared with the human leadership programme). A total of 1,219,922 hours of training
resources function and resulting in an individual development were delivered in 2021, up 1% from 2020;

plan; p an ongoing effort to support employees, including remote
working agreements, local support for managers, faster
digitalisation of the training offering, mechanisms for listening to
employees and monitoring risks associated with work-related
stress, etc.

p a performance appraisal based on open communication between

p a people dynamics approach, which involves identifying
transformations in the Group s businesses over a time frame of
one to three years (emerging occupations, sustainable jobs,
sensitive jobs, areas in which job offers exceed the number of
applicants) and drawing up human resources action plans to

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 43
M@QNEEEN,s«sRISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Risk factors

&° > k& ( (# & ) (#&- & BM) &!I"C

! COMPLIANCE

Risk description

The Group is a multinational company that operates in many countries, serving customers with international presences, subject to various
constantly changing laws and regulations. These may be regulations concerning data protection, anticorruption laws, competition law,
international sanctions, employment law or employee health and safety obligations, environmental regulations within the framework of
combating climate change, and even tax reforms.

The Group s activities and operating profit might be affected by significant changes in laws or regulations, or by decisions taken by
authorities. The Group is also exposed to the risk of breaches of regulations by employees who are not well enough informed or
negligence or fraud by such employees.

Risk management measures

In order to support the Group s development and respond to new legislation and case law are monitored on a regular basis so as to
regulatory requirements, the Internal Control Department, which plan ahead for any upcoming changes. Internal control rules and
covers compliance, internal control and risk management, is procedures are updated regularly to reflect these developments. The
supported in part by the network of Compliance Officers (who are code of ethics, the code of conduct and the code of conduct for

also responsible for internal control) throughout the Group s various stock market transactions aim to prevent any activity or practices
geographical operations, the network of local representatives and that do not comply with requirements (see Chapter!4, Section!4.4,

local teams, as well as the expertise of functional divisions "Ethics and compliance" of this Universal Registration Document,

depending on their scope, in particular the Legal Department, pages 141 to 145).
Human Resources and the Finance Department. Developments in

44 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021
Insurance

The Group s insurance policy is closely linked to its risk prevention
and management practices, in order to ensure coverage for its
major risks. The Groups Legal Department is responsible for
managing its insurance programme.

The aim of Sopra!Steria Groups insurance programmes is to
provide uniform and adapted coverage of the risks facing the
company and its employees for all Group entities at reasonable and
optimised terms. With this in mind, the Company set up its own
captive reinsurance company in late 2021.

The scope and coverage limits of these various insurance
programmes are reassessed annually in light of changes in the size
of the Group, developments in its business activities as well as
changes in the insurance market and based on the results of the
most recent risk mapping exercise.

All Group companies are insured with leading insurance companies
for all major risks that could have a material impact on its
operations, business results or financial position.

The main insurance programmes in place within the Sopra!Steria
Group are the following:

p premises and operations liability and professional indemnity
insurance

This programme covers all of the Group s companies for monetary
consequences arising as a result of their civil and professional

RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Insurance

liability in connection with their activities, due to bodily injury,
material or non-material damage caused to third parties. Overall

coverage is limited to "150!million per claim and per year of

insurance;

p cybersecurity insurance

This programme covers all of the Group s companies for any direct
or indirect financial losses, property damage or loss of use, and
business interruption losses resulting from a cyberattack;

p property damage and business interruption insurance

This programme covers all of the Groups sites for the direct
material damage to property they may suffer as well as any
consequential losses in the event of reduced business activity or
business interruption occasioned by the occurrence of an insured
event. Operating losses are insured on the basis of the loss of gross
profit. Overall policy coverage (for all types of damages and
operating losses) is limited to "100!million per claim and per year
of insurance.

In addition, Group programmes have been put in place covering in
particular:

p_ the civil liability of senior executives and company officers;

p assistance to employees on assignment, as well as to expatriate
and seconded employees.

Internal control and risk management

This section of the report outlines Sopra!Steria s internal control
and risk management systems. These systems are based on the
reference framework issued by the AMF. A specific subsection
addresses the preparation of accounting and financial information.

The management control system is one of the fundamental
components of internal control at Sopra!Steria. It supports the
internal dissemination of information as well as the various
reporting and risk management procedures, and __ the
implementation of controls.

3.1. Objectives and framework

for the internal control
and!risk!management!system

# (*? # ( "C &" #"(&#
" & ? J" 1" ?-"¢ 3

In order to address the identified risks presented in the preceding
chapter, Sopra!Steria has adopted a governance approach as well
as a set of rules, policies and procedures together constituting its
internal control and risk management system.

In accordance with the AMF reference framework, the internal

control and risk management system, which is under the

responsibility of the Group s Chief Executive Officer, is designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the achievement of

objectives in the following categories:

p compliance with laws and regulations;

p implementation of instructions, guidelines and rules set forth by
Executive Management;

p Proper functioning of the Companys internal processes,
particularly those intended to safeguard its assets;

p quality and reliability of financial and accounting information.

The risk management system is
manage the Company s main risks.

designed to identify, analyse and

More generally, the Group s internal control and risk management
system contributes to the control of its business activities, the
effectiveness of its operations and the efficient use of its resources.

This system is updated on a regular basis, in application of a
continuous improvement process, in order to best measure the level
of risk to which the Group is exposed as well as the effectiveness of
the action plans put in place to mitigate risks.

Nevertheless, the internal control and risk management system
cannot provide an absolute guarantee that the Company s
objectives will be achieved and that all risks will be eliminated.

& &" & !
#"C ,(
The Sopra!Steria Group refers and adheres to the reference

framework issued by the Autorit des March s Financiers (AMF, the
French securities regulator).

+#& " & ) (#&-

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 45
M@QNEEEN,s«sRISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Internal control and risk management

3.2.

The internal control and risk management system applies across the
entire Group, i.e. the parent company Sopra!Steria Group, together
with all fully consolidated companies.

Scope

3.3. Components of the internal

control and!risk!management
system

ae ar

Sopra!Steria Group s internal control and risk management system
is founded upon the Group s four-tier operational organisation as
well as its centralised functional organisation. Each tier of the
operational organisation is directly involved in the implementation
of internal control and risk management practices. To this end, the
Group has put in place a set of operating principles and rules, along
with the appropriate delegations of authority. It is the responsibility
of all Group employees to familiarise themselves with these rules
and to apply them. For more information on the Groups
organisation, see Section!9, Group organisation of Chapter!1,
Business overview and strategies of this Universal Registration
Document (pages!35 to 36).

> & !" !"( #"(&# ?-’C !

The management control system is designed not only to manage
the dissemination of information, upwards to Executive
Management and downwards to the operational and functional
units, but also to guide, control and support the Groups
employees, identify risks and monitor the associated mitigation
plans. It involves steering meetings held at each of the different
organisational levels, including the Group s__ Executive Committee.

These meetings are governed by specific standards (reporting
timetable, participants, agenda, documents to be presented at the
beginning and end of the meeting) and are supported by the
management reporting system. Meetings are held according to a
calendar, dependent on the organisational level and timeframe
objectives:

p weekly meetings for the current month: Priority is given to the
monitoring of sales, production and human resources;

p monthly meetings for the current year: In addition to the topics
discussed at the weekly meetings, additional emphasis is placed
on financial indicators (entity performance for the previous
month, update of annual forecasts, actual vs. budget, progress
report on actions in line with the medium-term strategy);

p annual meetings, looking ahead several years: The medium-term
strategy and the annual budget process for the entities are
discussed in the context of the Group s overall strategic plan.

The implementation of this system at all operational and functional
entities is a highly effective vehicle for cohesiveness, the sharing of
values and practices throughout the Group, and control.

(HH?

The Groups communication and management applications are
designed to standardise the documents produced by the Group. The
production tools used or developed by the Group allow for the
industrialisation of project delivery and of managed or operated
services by improving the quality of deliverables.

46 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

> & &!+#& #& KH)S &)

a. Code of Ethics, anti-corruption Code of conduct
and code of!conduct for stock market transactions

The aims of the Group s Code of Ethics, which is based on its core
values, are to ensure compliance with international treaties, laws
and regulations in force in all countries where it operates, and to
reaffirm the Groups ethical principles. This Code of Ethics is
supplemented by a code of conduct for stock market transactions
whose main aim is to reiterate and clarify the rules regarding
sensitive information, insider information and the management of
securities. Furthermore, the anti-corruption code of conduct sets
out the rules and behaviours to be adopted to prevent corruption
and influence peddling. For more details on the anti-corruption
code of conduct, see Section!4.4 "Ethics and compliance" in
Chapter!4, Corporate responsibility of this Universal Registration
Document, pages!141 to 145.

b. Group rules, policies and procedures

The framework of internal control rules, known as the Group Rules,
constitutes the common core of operating rules applicable to all
entities and is rolled out as early as possible in the integration
process whenever a new company is acquired. With the aim of
continuously improving internal control and better managing risks
identified through the Group s various risk mapping _ exercises, the
Group Rules are regularly reviewed to ensure they remain relevant
and supplemented to take into account, in __ particular,
segment-specific developments, regulatory changes and internal
audit findings. They underwent a thorough update in 2021.

The Group Rules cover 14 areas corresponding to Group processes:
governance and steering, human resources, pre-sales and
contracting, production, information systems security, — site
management and security, purchasing, finance, legal structure of
entities, insurance, mergers and acquisitions, corporate
responsibility, marketing communications, and compliance. These
rules may be adapted to suit the Group s different geographies and

subsidiaries provided they remain consistent with the framework
laid down.

These fundamental rules are then broken down for each area in the
form of detailed policies and procedures (e.g.!Delivery Rule Book,
Human Resources Policy, Information Security Policy, Purchasing
Procedure, M&A Playbook, !etc.). They are available on the Group s
intranet and are reinforced through the Groups various training
and communications initiatives.

As regards the production front, Sopra!Sterias Delivery Rule Book
defines all the pre-sales, production, management and quality
assurance processes required to successfully manage projects. The
primary goal is to contribute effectively to producing the expected
level of service that meets clients needs in line with time and budget
constraints. It defines project management practices and processes
suited to various environments and at different levels of
management and _— supervision, as well as software engineering
practices and processes. The Delivery Rule Book sits above all the
Group s quality systems. All quality systems in use within the Group
are compatible with the Delivery Rule Book. The basic principles of
the Quality Systems are described in a Quality Manual supplemented
by procedural guides and operating manuals. UK, Scandinavia and
CIMPA apply mechanisms that are similar but rely on specific
methods geared to the primary characteristics of their activities.

>
3.4.

RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Internal control and risk management

Participants in internal control and risk management

Everyone in the Group has a part to play in risk management and internal control, from the governance bodies and senior management to

the employees of each Group company.

Executive Management
rN

I line of control 2™ line of control

Operational Management Functional Departments

All entities
All geographies
All business activities

» Ce EN TG

The internal control and risk management system is approved and
overseen by Executive Management, thus at the Groups highest
level. As the top level of authority and responsibility for the internal
control and risk management system, it monitors the system s
continuing effectiveness and takes any action required to remedy
identified shortcomings and remain within acceptable risk tolerance
thresholds. Executive Management ensures that all appropriate
information is communicated in a timely manner to the Board of
Directors and to the Audit Committee.

) ( HI. ( # ( #£& # & (#&’

The Group s Audit Committee examines the main features of the
internal control and risk management procedures selected and
implemented by Executive Management to manage risks, including
the organisation, roles and functions of the key actors, the
approach, structure for reporting risks and monitoring the
effectiveness of control systems. It has access to the elements
necessary to reach an overall understanding of the procedures
relating to the preparation and processing of accounting and
financial information (presented in the following chapter).

Each year, the Audit Committee reviews the results of the Group s
risk mapping exercise and holds regular meetings with the Internal
Control Department to monitor the implementation and adaptation
of the Group s rules and the internal control process.

The Audit Committee also monitors the activity of the Internal Audit
Department through the following actions:

p approval of the annual internal audit plan;

p meeting with its Director once a year in the presence of the
Statutory Auditors, but without the presence of management;

p biannual review of the results of internal audit assignments and
follow-up on the implementation of action plans resulting from
recommendations.

Three lines of control

In accordance with the AMF reference framework, the internal control
and risk management system put in place by the Sopra!Steria Group
is structured around three lines of control, as presented below:

Internal Control Department

Board of Directors

Aud it Committee 4
a
4
3" line of control
Extern al
Internal Audit Departmen t Audit

p first line of control: Front-line staff and operational management

The first line of control for the internal control and risk management
system consists of:

¥ operational management, tasked with implementing the system
defined at Group level for the area under its responsibility. This
line of control makes sure that the internal control rules and
procedures are effectively implemented, fully understood and
consistently applied within its scope of operations,

¥ the Group s employees, who take due note of and apply all of
the rules set out within the organisation;

p second line of control: Risk management and internal control

The aim of the second line of control is to monitor the internal
control and risk management system on an ongoing and
continuous basis to verify its effectiveness and coherence as well as
the proper application of its rules and procedures.

¥ Internal Control Department and Compliance Officers at the
entities

The internal control and risk management system is steered and
coordinated by the Internal Control Department at Group level. As
the coordinator of the system, and with regard to the risks thai
have been identified and assessed, the Internal Control Department
defines and updates the systems various components. In carrying
out these duties, the Internal Control Department works closely with
the Groups functional and operational departments. The Group
Internal Control Department consists of a team of four people.

The Group also has a network of Compliance Officers, appointed in
each of the Groups entities and across all its geographical
operations. In 2021, there were 15 Compliance Officers. In the
largest entities, they are assisted by a deputy. These Compliance
Officers are responsible for adapting the guidelines and rules
defined at Group level. In particular, they are tasked with making
sure that all components of the internal control and risk
management system as well as those of the Group s compliance
programme are effectively implemented, fully understood and
consistently applied. They are also responsible for raising alerts in
the event of difficulties encountered in the implementation of any
of these components for their scope.

The Internal Control Department, supported by _ entity-level
compliance officers, oversees monitoring of Group rules to ensure

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 47
M@QNEEEN,s«sRISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Internal control and risk management

that they remain relevant and that any corrective action identified is
properly implemented. In 2021, a self-assessment of this monitoring
process was undertaken following the publication of an updated
version of the Group Rules.

¥ Functional departments

The functional departments are key participants in the coordination
of the internal control and risk management system. They assist the
Internal Control Department in updating procedures specific to the
processes under their responsibility.

Alongside the self-assessment and control procedures implemented
by operational managers at every level, functional departments play
a special role in the application of the rules for delegations of
authority in force within the Group. They support operational staff
in the area of risk management and, from a preventive standpoint,
they may serve in an advisory capacity or perform ex-ante or
detective controls on the application of rules.

The Finance Department is entrusted with specific responsibilities in
the context of financial controls and the Industrial Department is
responsible for control procedures relating to the management of
its Quality System.

¥ Finance Department

Financial Controlling falls under the responsibility of the Finance
Department. Its main responsibilities include the consolidation and
analysis of monthly results produced by the internal management
system, controlling the consistency of monthly forecasts, verifying
the application of Group rules, assisting operational managers,
training management system users, and performing the
reconciliation between the internal management accounts and the
general ledgers.

As part of their control responsibilities, Financial Controllers identify
and measure risks specific to each operational unit. In particular,
they ensure that contractual commitments and project production
are aligned with the revenue recognised. They raise alerts for
projects that present technical, commercial or legal difficulties. They
check that revenue is recognised in line with Group accounting rules
as well as analysing any commercial concessions applicable and
verifying their treatment in the operating accounts of the
operational unit. They also ensure that the costs for the operational
unit are completely and accurately recognised.

Financial Controllers devote particular attention to unbilled revenue
and contractual milestone payments, and check that invoices issued
are paid. In coordination with the manager at the relevant entity,

they trigger payment collection, which is managed directly by the
Finance Department. They check any credit notes issued.

Financial Controllers assess the organisation and administrative
functions of operational units. They monitor compliance with rules
and deadlines.

¥ Industrial Department

Quality management relies upon the day-to-day interaction between
the operational and quality structures and covers the methods for
the production and application of professional standards.

Sopra!Sterias quality structure is independent of the project

management and delivery operations. As such, it offers external
quality assurance for projects with the objectives of assuring
production and cost controlling, overseeing associated human
resources, verifying production conformity and compliance with
quality assurance procedures, and monitoring the quality assurance
plan s effectiveness.

Industrial managers under the authority of business unit/subsidiary
managers and reporting functionally to the Group Industrial
Department are responsible for monitoring the Quality System and
all projects.

48 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

Reviews are performed so as to verify the application and
effectiveness of the Quality System among the concerned Sopra
Steria staff members (management, sales, operational quality unit).
Projects are reviewed on a regular basis, at key phases in their life
cycle. These reviews, which are organised by the Industrial
Department, or by the quality structures local representatives,
provide an external perspective on the status and organisation of
projects.

Monthly steering meetings facilitate an overview of quality at all
levels, the monitoring of annual quality targets established during
management reviews and the determination of the appropriate
action plans to continuously improve production performance and
the quality of Sopra!Steria products and services.

The effective implementation of actions agreed during steering
meetings, audits and reviews is checked by the Industrial
Department.

An annual review is performed by Executive Management to ensure
that the Quality System remains pertinent, adequate and _ effective.
This review is based in particular upon an analysis of project reviews
and internal structural audits performed at all levels of the Group as
well as upon annual assessments produced by divisions or
subsidiaries. During this review, the adequacy of the quality policy is
evaluated, the annual quality objectives are defined and possible
improvements and changes in the Quality System are considered.

The Group has put in place a certification policy, covering all or a
portion of its operations, depending on market expectations. This
policy relates to the following standards or frameworks: ISO!9001,
TickIT Plus, ISO!27001, ISO!22301, ISO!14001, ISO!20000, CMMI
and TMMi.

p Third line of control: Internal audit function

Internal Audit Department

Under the internal audit charter adopted by the Group, the Internal
Audit Department has the following tasks:

p independent, objective evaluation of the effectiveness of the
internal control system via a periodic audit of entities;

p formulation of all recommendations to improve the Group s
operations;

p monitoring the implementation of recommendations.

The work of the Internal Audit Department is organised with a view
to covering the audit universe (classification of key processes)
reviewed annually by the Audit Committee.

Internal Audit covers the entire Group over a cycle of a maximum of
four years. Audits are performed more frequently for
identified. To this end, Internal Audit carries out field audits while
using self-assessment questionnaires for areas of lesser importance.

By carrying out work relating specifically to fraud and corruption,
the Internal Audit Department has identified processes that are
potentially concerned, associated risks, control procedures to be
adopted (prevention and detection) and audit tests to be carried
out. These are systematically integrated into internal audit
programmes.

Internal Audit, which reports to the Chairman of the Board of
Directors and operates under the direct authority of Executive
Management, is responsible for internal control and monitors the

system in place. It submits its findings to Executive Management
and the Audit Committee. The Internal Audit Department consists
of a team of five people.

The Chairman of the Board of Directors validates the audit plan,
shared with Executive Management, notably on the basis of risk
information obtained using the risk mapping procedure, the
priorities adopted for the year and the coverage of the audit
universe . This plan is presented to the Audit Committee for review

the main risks
RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Procedures relating to!the!preparation and processing of!accounting and! financial information

and feedback. Recommendations are monitored and compiled in a
report provided to Executive Management and the Audit
Committee.

The Internal Audit Department carried out 22 assignments in
financial year 2021.

External monitoring system

Furthermore, the internal control and risk management system is
also monitored by the Statutory Auditors and the quality
certification inspectors for the Quality System.

Statutory Auditors

As part of their engagement, the Statutory Auditors obtain
information on the internal control system and the procedures in
place. They attend all Audit Committee meetings.

The Statutory Auditors are engaged throughout the year across the
Group. Their involvement is not limited to interactions with the
accounting department. To gain a more in-depth understanding of
how operations and transactions are recorded in the accounts, the
Statutory Auditors are in regular contact with operational
managers, who are best placed to explain the Company s business
activity. These meetings with operational staff are structured around
business unit, division or subsidiary reviews, during which the
Statutory Auditors examine the main ongoing projects, progress

made and any difficulties encountered by the business unit or
subsidiary.

Quality certification inspectors

The audit procedure aims to ensure that the Quality System is both
in compliance with international standards and is applied to the
entire certified scope of operations.

Each year, quality certification inspectors select the sites visited
depending upon an audit cycle and relevance of the activity in
relation to the certification.

3.5. Assessment and continuous
improvement process

The purpose of this audit process is to identify ways in which the
quality management system might be improved in order to ensure
continuous improvement.

The internal control system and its operation are subject to internal
and external assessments to identify areas for improvement. These
may lead to implementation of action plans to strengthen the
internal control system, under the oversight of the Groups Audit
Committee.

Procedures relating to!the!preparation and
processing of!accounting and!financial information

4.1. Coordination of the accounting
and! financial function

#& "? (#" # (
"Com Ey gn

HC"

Limited number of accounting entities

By keeping the number of legal entities, and therefore accounting
entities, relatively low, the Group can drive reductions in operating
costs and minimise risks.

Centralised coordination of the accounting
and!financial!function

The activities of Sopra!Steria s accounting and financial function are
overseen by the Group s Finance Department, which reports directly
to Executive Management.

The responsibilities of the Finance Department mainly include the
production of the accounts, financial controlling, tax issues,
financing and cash management, and participation in financial
communications and legal matters.

Each subsidiary has its own financial team that reports functionally
to the Group s Finance Department.

Supervision of the accounting and finance function
by!Executive Management and the Board of Directors

The Finance Department reports to the Groups Executive
Management. As with all other entities, it follows the management
reporting and controlling cycle described above: weekly meetings to
address current business activities, monthly meetings devoted to a
detailed examination of figures (actual and forecast), the

organisation of the function and the monitoring of large-scale
projects.

Executive Management is involved in the planning and supervision
process as well as in preparing the period close.

The Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of accounting
and financial information. It approves the annual accounts and
reviews the interim accounts. It is supported by the Audit
Committee, as described in Section!1.3.3 of Chapter!3, Corporate
governance of this Universal Registration Document, pages!76
to!79.

#& "- ( #" # (
"#&! ( #" ?-7( I

#)nC"

Accounting

The configuration and maintenance of the accounting and financial
information system are centralised at Group level. Central teams
manage access permissions, and update them at least once a year.
The granting of these permissions is validated by Finance teams at
the subsidiaries.

All Group companies prepare, at a minimum, complete quarterly
financial statements on which the Group bases its published
quarterly revenue figures and interim financial statements.

Monthly cash flow forecasts for the entire year are prepared for all
companies and consolidated at Group level.

Accounting policies and presentation

The accounting policies applied within the Group are presented in
the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this document.
At each balance sheet date, the Audit Committee ensures that these

SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021 49
M@QNEEEN,s«sRISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Procedures relating to!the!preparation and processing of!accounting and! financial information

policies and presentation have been applied by the Finance
Department and the Statutory Auditors.

The proper use of the percentage-of-completion method to value
ongoing projects is monitored on a permanent basis jointly by the
Industrial Department and by the Finance Department (Financial
Controllers).

4.2. Preparation of the published
accounting and financial

information
& #" C#" 4+ ( "C &"
rrr er ye

All Group entities prepare a monthly budget, a monthly operating
statement and revised monthly forecasts.

The budget process, which is short in duration, takes place in the
last quarter of the year. This is a key stage. It provides an
opportunity to apply the strategy approved by the Group s Executive
Committee, to adapt the organisation to developments in business
segments and market demand, and to assign quantitative and
qualitative objectives to all Group entities. Budgets, including
detailed monthly operating forecasts, are prepared by each unit at
this event.

Each Group entity prepares a monthly operating statement closed
on the third working day of the following month. Management
indicators (utilisation rate, selling prices, average salary, indicators
relating to human resources, invoicing and receipts, etc.) are also
reviewed on a monthly basis.

Finally, a revised operating statement prepared each month includes
the results of the previous month and a revised forecast for the
remaining months of the current year.

Sales metrics (prospects, contracts in progress, signings,!etc.), client
invoicing and cash receipts are analysed at the management
meetings organised by the management control system described
above.

The results derived from the monthly management reporting
documents are verified by Financial Controllers reporting to the
Finance Department, who also reconcile this data with the quarterly
accounting results in the general ledgers.

$&# )&’ #& ( $&$ & ( #"
#C( C#"# ( "on
OCLC

Each company establishes quarterly financial statements and
prepares a consolidation pack.

50 SOPRA STERIA UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2021

For each of the companies falling within the scope of the audit of
consolidated financial statements, the Statutory Auditors examine the
interim and annual consolidation packs. Once approved, they are used
by the Group Finance Department and the consolidated financial
statements are examined by the Group s Statutory Auditors.

$&# )&

CCE "C
The interim and annual consolidated financial statements are
presented to Executive Management by the Finance Department.

He oO" " # ( non

As part of their annual accounts close-out at 31!December, the
financial statements of Sopra!Steria Group and its subsidiaries
undergo a legal audit by the Statutory Auditors in order to be
certified. A limited review is also performed on 30!June.

As part of its assignment to monitor the legal control of the
financial statements, the Audit Committee takes note of the
Statutory Auditors work and conclusions during the review of the
interim and annual financial statements.

The Audit Committee examines the financial statements, notably in
order to review the Companys exposure to risks, verify that the
procedures for gathering and controlling information guarantee its
reliability, and ensure that accounting policies have been applied
consistently and appropriately. It gathers comments from the
Statutory Auditors.

The Group s financial statements are then presented to the Board of
Directors for approval.

non #rly" (#"

The Financial Communications and Investor Relations Department,
which is supervised by the Chairman of the Board of Directors,
manages the Group s financial communications.

The Group communicates financial information via several different
means, notably:

p press releases;

p the Universal Registration Document and the various reports and
disclosures that it contains;

p the presentation of the interim and annual financial statements.

The Groups website has a dedicated Investors section that

presents all of the aforementioned items as well as other regulatory
or informative items.
