

--- Page 1 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

2.1 Strategy

In November 2021, we informed the public about our growth and earnings targets for
this decade and received very positive feedback. By 2030, we intend to invest €50 billion
in renewables, battery storage, gas-fired power stations and electrolysers. Including
proceeds from selling stakes in projects, we foresee net investments of €30 billion. This
will double our generation capacity in these technologies to 50 GW by 2030. At the
same time, we are successively phasing out electricity generated from coal and setting
the stage for RWE to be carbon neutral by no later than 2040. This will not only make RWE
greener, but also more profitable. Our 2030 goal is to achieve an adjusted EBITDA in our
core business segments of €5 billion. This would represent an increase of around 80%
compared to 2021.

Who we are and what we do. RWE is a leading international energy company
headquartered in Essen, Germany, with a focus on power generation. Energy sources such
as wind and solar are an increasingly important part of our business. Our core activities also
include the storage of electricity and natural gas, the hydrogen business, trading of energy-
related commodities and innovative energy solutions for industrial customers. We
generated revenues of €24.5 billion in fiscal 2021. Our key markets are Germany, the
United Kingdom, the Netherlands and the USA. In the field of renewables, we are also active
in a whole host of other countries, for example in Poland, Spain, Italy, Sweden and Australia.
We intend to position ourselves even more broadly geographically in our renewables
business. For example, we are stepping up our efforts to win offshore wind projects in new
markets such as Norway, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan.

23

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Carbon-neutral energy - the great challenge of our time. In most industrial countries,
energy policy is shaped by climate change. In the past, the main objective was to provide a
reliable, affordable supply of electricity and fuel, whereas nowadays - more so than ever
before - our energy consumption should not be to the detriment of the Earth's temperature.
Most industrialised countries where we do business want to minimise their emissions of
greenhouse gases generated by the use of fossil fuels. Over the long run, the goal is to
achieve climate neutrality, i.e. a state in which humankind zeroes out its net emissions of
greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. The European Union and the UK want to be climate
neutral by 2050, while Germany wishes to reach this goal by 2045. Both these objectives
call for the fundamental restructuring of the way in which companies and households
consume energy. This transformation has many aspects. For the energy industry, the
following issues need to be addressed:

+ Decarbonising electricity generation. The energy transition is basically about
abandoning electricity generation from fossil fuels and embracing renewables. Coal and
natural gas are finite resources, the use of which leads to the emission of greenhouse
gases. By contrast, wind, solar and hydro are energy sources which do not generate
CO emissions, are available in abundance and thus form the foundation for a sustainable
supply of electricity and heat. The EU has set the goal of covering at least 32% of final
energy consumption from renewable sources by 2030. At present, work is under way on a
directive which calls for an even higher proportion of at least 40%. Numerous countries
both inside and outside the EU have specific plans to phase out the use of coal and
ambitiously expand renewables.


--- Page 2 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

+ Creating storage and backup capacities. Electricity generation using renewable
sources depends on the weather conditions as well as the time of day and the season.
Sometimes, renewables can only cover a fraction of demand, while at other times, their
generation exceeds local needs so much that production actually has to be throttled.
Consequently, as energy supply becomes increasingly reliant on wind and solar farms,
power storage systems become ever more important for stabilising the power grids.
Furthermore, we need more environmentally-friendly, flexible generation assets, which
can reliably produce power when there is no wind and no sunshine. Modern gas-fired
power stations that can be retrofitted to run on carbon-free fuels like hydrogen will be
well-positioned for this task, once the necessary volumes of such fuels are available.

Replacing fossil fuels with green power. Simply reducing emissions in the power
generation sector is not enough to achieve climate neutrality. At present, over 70% of
European energy consumption is still covered by oil, coal and natural gas. Electrification -
in other words switching energy consumption to electricity produced with carbon-neutral
methods, e.g. by using heat pumps instead of oil and gas heating systems - also enables
significant emission reductions in the manufacturing, heat and transportation sectors.
Thus, over the long run, demand for electricity in our markets will expand significantly.

+ Establishing the hydrogen economy. The economy can only be completely decarbonised
if solutions are also found for applications where direct electrification is not an option.

Examples of this are the production of steel and fertilisers as well as aviation and shipping.
In the near future, hydrogen produced with zero-carbon methods would be a solution.
Taking a longer-term perspective, using hydrogen as a storage medium will also be a key
component of a climate-neutral energy system. According to the European Commission,
by 2030 the EU should have electrolysers with a total capacity of at least 40 GW capable
of producing 10 million metric tons of hydrogen annually. Germany is looking to expand
its electrolysis capacity to 10 GW by the end of the decade, as recently announced by the
new coalition government comprising the SPD, the Greens and the FDP.

24

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

We're driving the energy transition. RWE is well positioned to contribute to transforming
the energy sector and the broader economy in all of the areas discussed above. And that is
precisely what we are doing, by investing billions of euros in wind power, photovoltaics,
battery storage and green hydrogen, phasing out coal-based generation, building
environmentally friendly backup capacities and helping industrial customers optimise their
energy consumption. These activities make us a driving force in the energy transition and
allow us to support the countries where we do business in their efforts to achieve climate
protection targets. Our commitment in this regard is reflected by our own ambitious plans:
we want to be carbon neutral by 2040 at the latest, ten years earlier than the EU. Not only
does this apply to our own greenhouse gas emissions (referred to as Scope 1), it also covers
the upstream and downstream value chain (Scope 2 and Scope 3). We have also set
ourselves ambitious goals for the current decade: by 2030, we want to reduce our
emissions by 50% (Scope 1 and 2) and 30% (Scope 3) compared to 2019. At the Paris
Climate Conference in 2015, the global community committed to limiting the increase in
average global temperatures to well below two degrees Celsius compared to pre-industrial
levels. Our actions are in line with this target, as was officially confirmed by the independent
Science Based Targets initiative at the end of 2020. However, our ambitions do not end
there. Moving forward, we have also set our sights on ensuring we adhere to the target of
1.5 degrees Celsius established at the Paris Climate Conference.

Sustainability - at the heart of our corporate culture. A sustainable business involves far
more than cutting greenhouse gas emissions. Sustainability is measured in a myriad of
ways. The expression is generally used in relation to the environment, society and
governance (ESG). Last year, we reassessed our approach to the topic of sustainability.
Working together with internal and external experts, we defined the fields of action that are
of most significance to RWE and what we want to achieve in these areas. In addition to
reducing greenhouse gas emissions, one of our most important environmental efforts is
preserving biodiversity at the sites where we operate. In particular, this involves the
recultivation of mining areas, as well as the erection, operation and decommissioning of
wind farms. We want to reduce the use of natural resources and significantly boost our
recycling ratio at the same time.


--- Page 3 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

As a company, we take great responsibility in the communities where we do business. We
want to live up to this responsibility across all our sites. In the Rhenish lignite mining region,
we are acutely aware of our prime-aged employees who are losing their jobs due to the coal
phaseout, and are in the process of securing socially acceptable solutions to this issue.
Occupational health and safety is another key concern of ours. Our aim is to ensure that the
employees at our sites leave work at the end of each day as healthy as when they arrived.
We also advocate for a diverse, inclusive corporate culture. Diversity has many facets. One is
gender equality when filling leadership roles within the company. In our core business, which
covers all Group activities with the exception of Coal / Nuclear, the share of women in
executive positions was 19% at the end of 2021. We aim to reach 30% by 2030.

Our mission statement ‘Our energy for a sustainable life’ truly encompasses our purpose as
acompany and confirms that sustainability is a principle that guides our actions. Our
commitment in this regard is made tangible by the fact that achievement of ESG targets
has a direct impact on the level of Executive Board remuneration. Further information on
our ESG goals and accomplishments can be found in our Sustainability Report and in the
separate Non-financial Report in accordance with Section 315b, Paragraph 3 of the
German Commercial Code. The reports for fiscal 2021 will be published in April 2022 and
will be accessible at www.rwe.com/responsibility-and-sustainability. Our website also has

further information on how independent rating agencies assess our sustainability strategy
at www.rwe.com/ratings-and-rankings.

Growing Green - our strategic roadmap to 2030. In mid-November 2021, we informed
the public about the strategy and goals for our business activities during the current decade
at our Capital Market Day event. An ambitious growth programme in our green core business
forms the centrepiece of our strategy, which is entitled ‘Growing Green’ In the 10-year period
from 2021 to the end of 2030, we intend to invest approximately €50 billion in new wind
farms, photovoltaic assets, battery storage, gas-fired power plants and electrolysers.

25

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

This capital expenditure will be divided up roughly four ways between Germany, the United
Kingdom, the USA and our other markets. In net terms, i.e. taking into account cash flows
from divestments, we expect that our investments will total around €30 billion. We will use
these funds to massively expand our climate-friendly generation capabilities. Including
battery storage and electrolysers, we intend to have a generation capacity of around 50 GW
by 2030. This target is a pro-rata figure, meaning we state our capacity according to our
shareholding ratios. In order to reach SO GW, we will have to build approx. 25 GW. At 21 GW,
the majority of this capacity will come from wind farms, solar assets and battery storage.

It will be supplemented by flexible gas-fired power stations and electrolysers with a total
installed capacity of 2 GW each. Our adjusted EBITDA will also rise sharply in conjunction
with our generation capacities. For 2030, we project a level of €5 billion, generated solely
from our green core business. By comparison, in fiscal 2021 we posted adjusted EBITDA

of €2.8 billion from our core activities.

Turning to the individual components of our growth programme:

+ Offshore Wind. We have been active in offshore wind for 20 years now, making us a world
leader in this field. At the end of 2021, our offshore wind power portfolio had a total pro-
rata capacity of 2.4 GW. This figure is expected to hit 8 GW by 2030. We currently operate
wind farms in the coastal waters of the United Kingdom, Germany, Belgium, Sweden and
Denmark. Europe is our most important region in terms of growth. Examples for this
include projects such as Sofia (UK/ 1,400 MW), Kaskasi (Germany /342 MW), Thor
(Denmark/ 1,000 MW) and F.E.W. Baltic II (Poland/350 MW). We are also looking to
markets outside of Europe: together with local partners, we are working on offshore wind
projects in the USA, Japan, Taiwan and South Korea. But we are interested in more than
just regional opportunities, as we want to tap into new technological options as well. In
order to realise the full potential of offshore wind, we will also be operating wind turbines
on floating platforms in the future. Together with our partners, we are exploring which
types of foundations are best suited for this (see page 30 et seq,). The first prototype
co-engineered by RWE - the TetraSpar Demonstrator off the coast of Norway - started
operating in autumn 2021.


--- Page 4 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

+ Onshore Wind / Solar. We also have more than two decades of experience in onshore
wind and rank among the global leaders, with pro-rata generation capacity of 7 GW.
We intend to boost this figure to 12 GW by 2030. In terms of solar, where our capacity
currently stands at 0.5 GW, we are still in the start phase. However, we aim for a steep
expansion curve towards 8 GW by the end of the decade. We are concentrating our
onshore wind and solar efforts on North America and Europe, where we are looking to
diversify geographically. For instance, we have partnered with Public Power Corporation
(PPC), Greece's largest energy group, to position ourselves as a solar power producer in its
home market. In the United States, we are also expanding into new territories. Evidence of
this can be found at Scioto Ridge, our first wind farm in Ohio, which started operating in
May 2021. Our main focus in terms of growth ventures rests on countries and market
segments harbouring potential for more than one technology, e.g. for photovoltaics plus
wind energy and/or electricity storage.

+ Battery storage. Demand for electricity storage is increasing as power generation shifts
to wind and solar assets. RWE has been involved in the development, construction and
operation of battery storage systems for many years now. For this decade, we are targeting
an installed capacity of 3 GW, compared to 47 MW in late-2021. We are currently rolling
out a key battery project in Hickory Park, which is located in the south of Georgia, USA.
This site will be home to a 196 MW solar farm coupled to a 40 MW battery storage
system. This combination will enable electricity feed-ins into the local grid to be optimised,
significantly improving the solar array’s yield. Future photovoltaic projects will largely follow
this approach. We are also building battery storage to provide grid services. Two examples
of this are the massive batteries with storage capacities of 72 MW and 45 MW, which we
are currently installing at our German power plant sites in Werne and Lingen.

26

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

+ Flexible gas-fired power plants. The supply gap caused by the coal phaseout cannot
be resolved by energy storage solutions alone. We need to build low-carbon backup
capacities that can balance out the fluctuations in power generation from solar and wind.
This presents growth opportunities, particularly for established power generators such as
RWE. Gas-fired power plants play a key role in this regard. With an installed capacity of
14.1 GW, our fleet of gas-fired stations is the second largest in Europe, and we want to
build another 2 GW of capacity by 2030. We see a need for investment in Germany in
particular, where the coal exit is coinciding with the nuclear phaseout. Nevertheless, the
construction of new assets in Germany involves a high degree of political and economic
uncertainty, unless the plants receive guaranteed remuneration based on the Combined
Heat and Power Act or via capacity auctions held by the grid operator. In one such
auction, we won the right to construct a 300 MW grid stabilisation unit at our Biblis site,
which is scheduled to start operation in 2022.

The Institute of Energy Economics at the University of Cologne (EWI) estimates that
Germany needs to add gas-fired plants with a total capacity of 23 GW by 2030 if the
country is set on phasing out coal over that same period. We are prepared to play our
part. Not only does RWE have the necessary expertise, it also has a number of favourably
situated sites. That said, we can only make these investments if the necessary incentives
are provided for, which could include capacity payments for example. New assets would
then receive remuneration for being online and thus ensuring security of supply. This would
ensure economic viability even with low capacity utilisation. Furthermore, conditions must
be in place for us to operate our gas-fired power stations using green hydrogen over the
longer term. We are planning the necessary retrofits for our existing gas-fired assets and
have already finalised the relevant strategies. Power plants that do not run on hydrogen,
could separate CO, from the flue gas and store it underground. For political reasons,
however, this option can only be considered outside Germany for the time being.


--- Page 5 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

+ Hydrogen. The hydrogen economy is a crucial part of the energy transition and a perfect
complement to our business model. We want to be active along the entire value chain,
from green electricity generation and hydrogen production by electrolysis to hydrogen
trading and storage and the conclusion of individual supply agreements with major
industrial customers. Our regional focus in these activities is on Germany, the United
Kingdom and the Netherlands. In recent years, we have forged a range of partnerships
with businesses and research institutes seeking to work closely with us to develop a
comprehensive hydrogen infrastructure. Noteworthy projects include the German
initiatives GET H2 and AquaVentus, the Dutch projects Eemshydrogen and NortH2 and
our partnership with Shell, which was formed at the end of 2021. At present, we are
participating in around 30 hydrogen projects. By 2030, we intend on developing
electrolysis capacities totalling 2 GW. We are designing facilities that allow for industrial-
scale production. Examples of this include the three electrolysers slated to start
production at the Lingen power station in the period from 2024 to 2026. With
capacities of 100 MW each, these units will be among the largest of their kind in Europe.
More information on our hydrogen strategy and our major projects can be found at
www.rwe.com/hydrogen.

Energy trading and customer solutions. In addition to power generation, we are also
focused on energy trading as one of our core competencies. It is managed by the Group
company RWE Supply & Trading, which acts as our window into the energy markets.

Around 200 RWE specialists trade electricity, fuel and emission rights around the clock.
RWE Supply & Trading also markets the electricity from our power stations and procures the
fuel and emission allowances required to produce it. The objective here is to limit price risks.
On top of that, the company is in charge of the commercial optimisation of our power plant
dispatch, the earnings of which go to our generation companies. Companies outside of the
RWE Group can also benefit from the expertise of our trading subsidiary. They are offered a
wide range of products and services, running the gamut from traditional energy supply
contracts and comprehensive energy management solutions to sophisticated risk
management concepts.

27

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Above and beyond this, RWE Supply & Trading has established itself as an intermediary
for pipeline gas and liquefied natural gas (LNG). Thus, in addition to meeting the needs
of our Group companies, it also serves numerous industrial customers around the world.
To this end, it enters into long-term supply agreements with producers, organises gas
transportation by booking pipelines or LNG tankers and optimises the timing of deliveries
using leased gas storage facilities. In this regard, the greater the size and diversification of
the procurement and supply portfolios, the better the chances to commercially optimise
them. The gas business also opens up opportunities for activities in the field of hydrogen.
One example in this regard is the long-term partnership between RWE Supply & Trading and
Australian LNG producer Woodside. We intend to purchase liquefied natural gas from
Woodside as of 2025 and collaborate on investigating the potential to market hydrogen to
RWE's customer base in Asia and Europe. Another example that relates to the development
of the hydrogen economy is the planned Brunsbtittel LNG terminal near Hamburg, which
RWE Supply & Trading is helping to realise. In future, green ammonia could also be imported
to Germany via the terminal and converted into hydrogen in the port area.

Socially-acceptable phaseout of coal-fired generation. Our growth programme is
flanked by a rapid coal exit. In the United Kingdom and Germany, we already phased out
hard-coal-fired power generation in 2019 and 2021, respectively. We are currently only
using hard coal in our Dutch stations Amer 9 and Eemshaven, where biomass is co-fired.
From 2025 and 2030, respectively, we will no longer be using hard coal in these plants.
For RWE, the phaseout of lignite, which is produced and turned into electricity in the Rhenish
mining region to the west of Cologne, is much more complex and difficult in terms of the
social ramifications. In early 2022, we still operated lignite-fired power stations with a total
capacity of 7.6 GW, a third less than in 2015. This year, we will also be shutting down
another 1.6 GW of capacity. Pursuant to current legislation, the last unit will go offline in
2038. However, the new German government has already announced that they are
looking to accelerate the phaseout of coal in Germany and are working towards a deadline
of 2030.


--- Page 6 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

RWE supports the Federal government's climate protection ambitions. If it were possible to
provide for the necessary framework conditions in pursuit of accelerating the coal exit, we
would be able to progress more quickly on our path of reducing emissions. At the same time,
this would also be associated with significant additional financial burdens for us. The
present legal phaseout roadmap already presents us with tremendous challenges - from
operational, financial and social standpoints. At the end of 2019, before the Coal Phaseout
Act entered into force, some 10,000 people were employed in the Rhenish mining region; in
2030 less than 4,000 will work there. Although the personnel affected by job losses will
receive state support, such as an adjustment allowance, we will also pay for redundancy
measures ourselves. In August 2020, we concluded the ‘Coal Exit’ tariff agreement with verdi,
Germany's United Services Trade Union, and IG BCE, the country's Industrial Mining, Chemicals
and Energy Trade Union. It defines what benefits RWE will provide above and beyond the
state-guaranteed payments. Early retirement plans will apply to most of those affected.
Younger employees will be reassigned to new positions within the Group, or - where that is
not possible - will be offered severance packages.

Our responsibility to the people in the Rhenish coal region does not end at the factory gates:
we want to do our part to ensure that the region remains structurally resilient and integrated
within the energy sector, despite the coal phaseout. By 2030, we want to invest €4 billion in
renewables, gas-fired power plants and electrolysers in North Rhine-Westphalia, with no less
than 500 MW of wind and solar capacities being built in the Rhenish region alone. Some
recultivated land is very well suited for these plans, and three RWE wind farms are already
located there. We also want to further develop our power plant sites. For example, there are
plans to build an innovation, technology and commercial park in Frimmersdorf and the
surrounding area. At the Weisweiler site, within the scope of an EU project, we are looking
into the possibility of capturing geothermal heat, which could be fed into the district heating
network of the greater Aachen area. In addition, we are researching power-to-gas
technology at the Niederaussem Innovation Centre. This is where, since 2013, we have used
hydrogen and carbon dioxide made by electrolysis to produce fuel and feedstock for the
chemical industry for research purposes.

28

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Nuclear power: Our focus is on safe and efficient decommissioning. Germany's phaseout
of nuclear power will soon be completed. RWE’s Gundremmingen C power plant and two
units belonging to other companies were taken offline at the end of 2021, leaving just three
regional sites to produce electricity, of which one is run by RWE. At the end of 2022, these
will also cease generation. After that, our nuclear power operations will be focused
exclusively on the safe and efficient decommissioning of the plants. Moreover, we are
making efforts to ensure that the sites continue to be used for energy-related purposes,

as illustrated by the example of the grid stabilisation unit at Biblis.

RWE AG’s management system. Our management system is geared towards sustainable
growth that creates value and is based on RWE's strategic guidelines. To determine these
guidelines, we analyse the market environment and competitiveness of our segment
activities, identify growth potential and weigh up the opportunities and risks involved. Which
projects are ultimately realised is at the discretion of the management of the Group
company concerned. Larger investments are approved by the Executive Board of RWE AG.
It also determines the allocation of capital, the long-term portfolio development and the
type of financing.

To operationally manage the Group's activities, RWE AG deploys a groupwide planning and
controlling system, which ensures that resources are used efficiently, and provides timely,
detailed insight into the current and prospective development of the company’s assets,
financial position and net earnings. Based on the targets set by the Executive Board and
management's expectations regarding the development of the business, once a year we
formulate our medium-term and long-term plans, in which we forecast the development of
key financial indicators. The medium-term plan contains the budget figures for the following
fiscal year and planned figures for the two years thereafter. The Executive Board submits the
plan to the Supervisory Board, which reviews and approves it. During the respective current
fiscal year, we produce internal forecasts based on the budget. Members of the Executive
Board of RWE AG and the main operating companies meet regularly to analyse the interim
and annual financial statements and update the forecasts. In the event that the forecast
figures deviate significantly from the budget figures during a fiscal year, we analyse the
underlying reasons and take countermeasures if necessary. We also immediately notify the
capital market if published forecasts need to be modified.


--- Page 7 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

Key earnings indicators. Among other things, we use key earnings indicators such as
EBITDA, EBIT and net income to manage our business; however, we adjust these indicators
by removing special items. EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortisation. In order to improve its explanatory power in relation to the development
of ordinary activities, we remove non-operating or aperiodic effects and present these in the
non-operating result. This applies to capital gains or losses, temporary effects from the fair
valuation of derivatives, goodwill impairments and other material special items. Subtracting
operating depreciation and amortisation from adjusted EBITDA yields adjusted EBIT.
Adjusted net income is another key operating indicator for us. We calculate it by correcting
net income to exclude the non-operating result, and material special items in the financial
result. Instead of the actual tax rate, which reflects one-off effects, we apply the budgeted
rates of 15% (until 2022) and 20% (from 2023), which we have derived in consideration of
the earnings in our core markets, the tax rates applicable there and the utilisation of loss
carryforwards.

Expected minimum return on investments. We primarily use the internal rate of return (IRR)
to evaluate the attractiveness of investment projects. We only undertake projects if - at the
time of the investment decision - the expected IRR stays within a defined minimum
threshold, which is determined on the basis of the weighted average cost of capital (WACC).
The WACC is augmented with project-specific risk premiums, which usually range from

100 to 300 basis points, depending on the technology or region. Using this approach, we
have set lower limits which vary from 5% to 9% for offshore wind projects. Minimum returns
of 4% to 7 % are applied to projects involving the construction of onshore wind farms, solar
assets or batteries in Europe or the USA. The thresholds for new gas-fired power plants or
hydrogen activities are set between 6% and 11%.

29

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Safeguarding our financial strength and creditworthiness. The RWE Group's financial
position is analysed using cash flows from operating activities, amongst other things. We
also attach special importance to the development of free cash flow, which is derived by
deducting capital expenditure from cash flows from operating activities and adding
proceeds from divestments and asset disposals. Net debt is another indicator of RWE’s
financial strength: it is calculated by adding provisions for pensions and similar obligations,
for the dismantling of wind farms and for nuclear waste management to RWE's net financial
position. Conversely, mining provisions, our 15% stake in EON and compensation for the
German lignite exit, as confirmed by the German government, are disregarded.

In managing our indebtedness, we orientate ourselves towards the leverage factor, i.e. the
ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA in our core business. Given that we recorded positive
net assets rather than net debt as of 31 December 2021, the leverage factor was below
zero. For the coming years, we expect net debt to trend upward, as we will partially finance
our growth investments with debt capital. Over the medium term, however the leverage
factor should not exceed 3.0, as we wish to maintain our financial flexibility. For the period
after 2025 we believe that an upper limit of 3.5 is reasonable, as the expansion of
renewables will enhance our financial stability and our political risk exposure will decline
with the gradual phaseout of coal-based power generation.

Attractive dividend of at least €0.90 per share. Despite the significant funds needed for
capital expenditure, RWE will remain an attractive dividend stock in the future. We will
propose a dividend of €0.90 per share to the Annual General Meeting on 28 April 2022 for
fiscal 2021. This will also constitute the minimum payout for the coming years. Over the
long term, we plan to distribute 50% to 60 % of adjusted net income to our shareholders.


--- Page 8 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Innovation

2.2 Innovation

The success of the energy transition doesn’t simply hinge on the dedication with which
we implement it. It is also the degree of innovation deployed to fuel these strategies
that is decisive. Whether it’s expanding renewable energy capacities, transitioning to a
hydrogen economy or opting for environmentally friendly carbon recycling methods,
technical challenges lurk behind every turn, waiting for solutions to address them. In
2021, RWE worked on close to 200 research and development projects in collaboration
with partners from industry and science. All these projects share one common goal:

to overcome hurdles on the road to an environmentally friendly, stable and sustainable
energy world.

Solutions for a sustainable energy system. RWE is innovative in many ways. We are
motivated both by a desire to remain competitive in an ever-changing environment as well
as a passion to be a driving force of this change. Our innovation projects are dedicated to
developing solutions that help us advance the utilisation of renewable energy, expand
electricity storage and become involved in large-scale hydrogen production. We also want
to help build a circular economy in which sensible use is made of carbon dioxide.

Our more than 964 patents and patent applications, based on about 241 inventions, speak
volumes about RWE’s capability for innovation. The Group's various activities in the field of
research and development (R&D) are also testimony for this expertise. Last year, we worked
on 196 R&D projects. Around 400 RWE employees were solely dedicated to these activities
or contributed to them in addition to performing their normal tasks. Such ventures often
entail working with other companies or research institutions and we could not implement
many of these projects without their valuable insights. These collaborations are also financially
advantageous, as costs are shouldered by many stakeholders. This limits operating R&D
spending, which in 2021 amounted to €22 million (previous year: €20 million).

30

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

On the following pages, we present a small selection of our current innovation projects. They
illustrate the breadth and variety of the challenges we face in light of the energy transition
and demonstrate the creativity with which we are tackling these issues.

How we are using new technologies for offshore wind expansion. There are currently
170 offshore wind farms operating around the world. All are located in shallow coastal
waters with turbines firmly anchored to the seabed. Coastal regions with greater water
depths have - until recently - been off-limits to offshore wind farms. After all, the deeper
the water, the more expensive the foundation. Wind power projects generally become
uneconomical at depths of over 60 metres. According to WindEurope, the European wind
industry association, in about 80 % of all coastal sea areas where wind speeds are suitable
for electricity generation, the ocean is simply too deep for conventional foundation designs.
However, in order to harness the potential of wind energy more effectively, companies are
turning their efforts to concepts for floating wind turbines. The units are mounted on floating
platforms made of steel or concrete, which are secured to the seabed using mooring lines
and anchors. This opens up the possibility of deploying wind turbines in deeper waters, e.g.
coastal areas in Asia, the Americas and the Mediterranean region as well as in parts of the
North Sea. RWE has taken a leading role in the development of these new foundations. We
are currently involved in three demonstration projects, researching the pros and cons of the
various floating foundations. Our aim is to identify which technology is the most viable for
the respective wind power initiative.

The DemoSATH project is a partnership with Spanish company Saitec Offshore
Technologies that aims to develop and construct a floating platform for a 2 MW wind
turbine. The project relies on Saitec’s SATH (swinging around twin hull) technology, which is a
catamaran-like floating platform made of tensioned concrete elements. This design allows
the floating platform to rotate freely around a single point of mooring, depending on wind


--- Page 9 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Innovation

and wave directions. We have commissioned a prototype, DemoSATH, which will be
assembled on a quayside in the port of Bilbao, in northern Spain. Once complete, tugs will
move the floating wind turbine to a mooring point three kilometres from the Basque coast,
where it will start generating electricity before the end of the year.

The New England Aqua Ventus project is a collaboration with the University of Maine and
Diamond Offshore Wind, a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Corporation. The unit will feature a
technology developed by the University of Maine, where the floating platform consists of
modular concrete components with glued joints - a construction technique seen in bridges.
We aim to have built an 11 MW prototype by 2024, which will be deployed in the Gulf of
Maine on the eastern coast of the USA. This testing process will provide us with valuable
technical learnings, as well as helping us to understand how best to limit potential for friction
between the plant and local fisheries.

TetraSpar Demonstrator is our most advanced project. It is a collaboration with Shell,
Japanese utility TEPCO and Danish company Stiesdal Offshore Technologies, and involves
a floating platform comprising two sections that are cost-effectively prefabricated across
various locations. A keel below the platform is used to keep the steel top section stable in
the water - similar to a ship. We assembled the sections in the Port of Grenaa in Denmark.
A3.6 MW wind turbine was then mounted on the floating platform. In summer 2021, we
towed the structure to a test site 10 kilometres off the Norwegian coast, near Stavanger.
Once on site, it was attached to the seabed 200 metres below using mooring lines and
anchor chains, before being connected to the Norwegian power grid. The floating turbine
has been operating since November. We have fitted a number of sensors to measure
whether real-life performance matches up to forecasts created using calculations and
tests.

31

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

How we are improving the sustainability of wind power facilities. In essence, a wind
turbine consists of a tower, a nacelle and three rotor blades. To ensure it doesn't just produce
green electricity but is also entirely environmentally friendly, a turbine should be completely
recyclable once it reaches the end of its service life. Although tried-and-tested recycling
methods for the tower and components of the nacelle already exist, it’s a different story
when it comes to the rotor blades. These components are made using composite materials
that are almost impossible to separate, due to the glass fibre-reinforced epoxy resin that
becomes completely solid once hardened. In a ground-breaking project, we are now helping
to identify end-to-end recycling solutions at our Kaskasi wind farm, offthe coast of
Heligoland. A number of the 38 wind turbines being erected there this year will be fitted with
special recyclable rotor blades. Our supplier Siemens Gamesa is manufacturing them using
anew type of resin with a chemical structure that allows for the different materials to be
separated, preserving their properties. This makes it possible to reuse the individual
components once the rotor blade has reached the end of its lifetime. We will test these
sustainable rotor blades in real-life settings over the coming years. Should they prove
effective, then resin solutions of this nature could become standard for future RWE wind
farms.

How we are forging ahead with green hydrogen production. Zero-carbon hydrogen has
the potential to be used for multiple processes within the context of the energy transition.
Not only is it suitable for storing electricity, it could also be used to decarbonise industrial
processes and modes of transport that either cannot be electrified or where electrification
has proven to be prohibitively expensive or arduous. Most of our hydrogen projects focus on
decarbonising industrial applications. RWE is working with partners on around 30 such
initiatives with a geographical focus on Germany, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.
Several have a good chance of being classified as ‘Important Projects of Common
European Interest’ (IPCEI) by the EU. This means they would qualify for national subsidies.
Our HyTechHafen Rostock project as well as parts of the GET H2 and AquaVentus
collaborative initiatives backed by RWE all made it onto the shortlist of the Federal Ministry
of Economics. In the following pages, we will take a closer look at the undertakings.


--- Page 10 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Innovation

GET H2 was launched in 2019, making it one of the first hydrogen initiatives involving
several industries in Germany. A host of companies and scientific institutions including RWE,
BASF, BP, Evonik, Nowega, OGE and ThyssenGas are participating in the project. GET H2
spans the entire hydrogen value chain, from production and transport to industrial usage.
The long-term objective is to build a nationwide hydrogen infrastructure in Germany. As part
of the initiative, we joined forces with four partners at our Lingen power plant in 2020 to
launch the GET H2 Nukleus project. By 2026, three electrolysis plants are to be built on site,
each with a capacity of 100 MW. The aim is to use electrolysis technology on a larger scale
to bring it to series production and unlock cost cutting potential. The green hydrogen
produced in Lingen will be transported using repurposed natural gas pipelines to the
northern Ruhr region, where it will be used in the BP refinery in Gelsenkirchen. This would
form the heart of the public hydrogen infrastructure. The IPCEI funding application also
envisages that the hydrogen grid be expanded towards Salzgitter, Duisburg, and the
Netherlands. Furthermore, the first German H2 cavern storage facility is expected to be
connected to the hydrogen grid in Gronau-Epe.

Another initiative with substantial potential is AquaVentus. The idea behind it is to produce
hydrogen at sea using electricity from offshore wind farms and transport it via pipelines to
demand hotspots on land. The island of Heligoland will act as a hub. In a first step, the plan is
to transport the hydrogen there via pipelines to cover demand on the island itself. Once
production volumes increase, hydrogen in ever greater volumes will then be forwarded to
the mainland, initially by tanker and later via a collector pipeline. Our AquaVentus partners
include the island of Heligoland, Gascade, Gasunie, Shell and Siemens. A pilot project is
being conducted to build two 14 MW wind turbines in the coastal waters of Heligoland and
integrate an electrolyser in each of their bases. If the project stays on schedule, the turbines
could become operational in 2026. But this is only the beginning. By 2035, electrolysers
with a total capacity of 10 GW could be installed in the North Sea. This would be enough to
produce up to 1 million metric tons of green hydrogen every year.

32

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Our HyTechHafen Rostock project is dedicated to harnessing the potentials of the port of
Rostock as a promising location for the hydrogen economy, not least due to its industrial
infrastructure. Together with our partners, port operator Rostock Port and energy providers
RheinEnergie and EnBW, we will initially focus on constructing 100 MW of electrolysis
capacity. The unit will be built next to a power plant operated by RheinEnergie and EnBW in
the vicinity of the port and the green hydrogen generated on site will be delivered to local
industrial customers via pipelines. Going forward, the infrastructure could also be used for
road, rail and sea traffic. If the project stays on schedule and the framework is suitable, the
port area could one day boast up to 1 GW of electrolysis capacity, as the site grows to
become a hydrogen hub.

How we are preparing to generate electricity with green hydrogen. The more we rely on
wind and solar power for our electricity supply, the more crucial it will be to have ample
energy storage facilities to ensure a reliable, weather-independent supply of electricity that
satisfies demand. Battery-based solutions and green hydrogen for electricity generation are
promising concepts. This is why we want to build flexible gas-fired power stations with a total
capacity of 2 GW as part of our ‘Growing Green’ strategy. In the long-term, the plants will run
on green hydrogen, once supplies are sufficient. To improve the technical conditions for this,
we have joined forces with one of the world’s leading turbine manufacturers, Kawasaki
Heavy Industries. The aim of this partnership is to trial a hydrogen-capable gas turbine.

Itis due to be built at our Lingen power plant, have a capacity of 34 MW and become
operational in 2024. The turbine will be the largest gas turbine in the world that can be
operated using 100% Hs. It would also be possible to use the turbine to co-fire natural gas
and hydrogen in any desired ratio. This flexibility is a massive plus, for as long as the
hydrogen industry is in its infancy, the average available volume of H2 will probably not
suffice to exploit the turbine's capacity to the desired extent.


--- Page 11 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Innovation

What we are doing to support carbon-neutral economic cycles. Many experts believe
that human intervention in the climate can only be limited effectively if the global economic
system successfully makes the shift to closed carbon cycles. Ideally, only as much carbon
enters the atmosphere, by way of greenhouse gas emissions such as CO> or methane, as is
bound by other processes at the same time. The transition to a circular carbon economy is
a Herculean task, that hinges on innovation. For more than ten years now, RWE has been
developing techniques that use CO; in an ecologically meaningful way. Within the context of
this work, we collaborate with universities and research institutes, with whom we seek to
contribute to the creation of the necessary technical and systemic conditions for carbon-
neutral economic cycles.

Akey process in transitioning to the circular carbon economy is thermal conversion. Here,
heat is applied to carbonaceous materials, converting them into synthesis gas, which largely
consists of hydrogen and carbon and can be used as a basic raw material in the production
of fuels, plastics and fine chemicals. At the RWE Niederaussem Innovation Centre, we are
dedicated to developing a high-temperature process to thermally convert different
materials, and thus reuse basic resources in manufacturing. We have partnered with the
Fraunhofer Institute for Environmental, Safety and Energy Technology (Fraunhofer
UMSICHT) and Bochum Ruhr University for this purpose.

33

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

In mid-2021, we took a multi-fuel-conversion plant online in Niederaussem, which we
intend to use to test whether phosphorus can be reclaimed from sewage sludge using
high-temperature conversion. The process works as follows: by heating the sewage sludge
to up to 1,500 degrees Celsius, we achieve gasification of the phosphorus, hydrogen and
carbon contained therein. The phosphorus can then be separated from this gas and used
to produce fertiliser, for example. Additional process steps can then be taken to convert the
remaining gas mixture of hydrogen and carbon back into chemical raw materials or fuels.
We should have the first test results back by late-2022. However, the potential of the
multi-fuel-conversion technology is by no means likely to be exhausted. In future, we also
want to apply this technology to other waste streams and biomass.

Another project dedicated to the use of carbonaceous waste materials launched in June
2021. The NRW-Revier-Power-to-BioJetFuel study we are conducting together with

BP Europe and the Julich Research Centre is assessing the prerequisites for manufacturing
carbon-neutral aviation fuel on an industrial scale. This research focuses on questions such
as: ‘What kind of regulatory framework is necessary to ensure the economic viability of plans
to operate a demonstration plant for deriving synthetic fuels from alternative carbon
sources (e.g. sewage sludge, biomass or power plant flue gas) at an RWE site in the Rhenish
region?’ We are also determining to what extent the resulting fuels could be further
processed and used for industry in the Ruhr region. If the results are promising, project
development for the construction of a demonstration plant could start as early as this year.


--- Page 12 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review

of operations
Business environment

3
Responsibility statement

2.3 Business environment

All signs point to more stringent climate protection measures in Europe. Last year, the
EU upped its greenhouse gas reduction goal for 2030 from 40% to 55%. The baseline
year is 1990. Germany has set its sights even higher: the largest economy in Europe has
increased its target from 55 % to 65 %. We welcome this change, as it encourages the
rapid expansion of renewable energy. The economic environment also presents us with
opportunities. Soaring natural gas and emission allowance prices have caused prices
on electricity markets to skyrocket. This favours climate-friendly generation assets in
particular. Given that most of our power production had already been sold forward, the
increased price levels had little impact on our earnings in 2021. In 2022, however, we
expect margins to improve notably.

Regulatory environment

Emission reduction target for 2030: EU adopts stricter benchmark of 55%. The
European climate law came into force on 29 July 2021, under which the EU and its member
states are obligated to decrease their net greenhouse gas emissions to zero by 2050. There
had been some initial disagreement, in particular with regard to the emission reduction goal
for 2030. The Commission had suggested an increase from 40 % to 55 % versus 1990. The
European Council (Council of Ministers) had also voted in favour of this change, while the
European Parliament had backed a reduction of as much as 60%. Following a number of
trilateral meetings, representatives of the individual institutions ultimately agreed on 55%.
They also approved the formation of a panel known as the European Scientific Advisory
Board on Climate Change. The 15 senior scientific experts on this advisory board will be
responsible for delivering a greenhouse gas budget, which can be used to determine an
intermediate target for 2040.

34

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

The European Commission specified the instruments that would be necessary to achieve its
new climate protection target for 2030 in the ‘Fit for 55’ legislative package. The package
was made public on 14 July 2021, and includes proposals for a number of measures that
will, for example, improve energy efficiency, cut carbon emissions in transport, construction
and agriculture, bring the taxation of energy products in line with current objectives, expand
natural carbon sinks and cushion the social implications of climate protection. Renewables
are due to be scaled up rapidly and should cover at least 40 % of primary energy
consumption in the EU by 2030. A goal which, until now, had been set at 32%. Furthermore,
the Commission wants to adapt the EU Emissions Trading System (ETS). The aim here is to
decrease the total number of emission allowances placed on the market. At present,
companies in the energy, industry and aviation sectors are participating in the ETS. In future,
there is likely to be a similar system for heating and all other transport. In addition, the
Commission plans to introduce a carbon border adjustment mechanism to ensure products
manufactured in the EU are not subjected to higher carbon prices than imports. This is to
prevent domestic companies suffering a competitive disadvantage and thus relocating
their production sites to countries outside the EU. The ‘Fit for 55’ package is being debated
by member states and in the European Parliament. Draft laws have already been submitted
for most of the legislative initiatives. However, Parliament and the Council of Ministers are
expected to go through a lengthy process to establish their positions and reach an
agreement.

EU taxonomy: Commission defines conditions for ‘green’ economic activity. Ina
delegated act published in mid-2021, the European Commission defined technical
screening criteria to determine whether economic activity is mitigating or adapting to
climate change. Most renewable energy assets are likely to meet the criteria. The act
formalises the provisions of the Taxonomy Regulation, introduced by the European
Parliament and the Council of Ministers in mid-2020. The Regulation is designed as a tool
to help determine when to classify economic activity as sustainable. The EU is taking this
stance to improve transparency for investors and channel capital flows into environmentally
friendly activities.


--- Page 13 ---

2

Combined review

of operations
Business environment

1
To our investors

3
Responsibility statement

To be recognised as taxonomy-aligned, an economic activity must contribute to at least one
of the following environmental objectives, without significantly harming any of the others:
(1) climate change mitigation, (2) climate change adaptation, (3) sustainable use and
protection of water and marine resources, (4) transition to a circular economy, (5) pollution
prevention and control and (6) protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.
The Commission's first delegated act was concerned with defining the criteria for the first
two objectives, with the remaining targets to be delivered over the course of the coming year.

In February 2022, the Commission passed a supplementary delegated act which formalises
the taxonomy criteria for new gas and nuclear power stations. It states that gas-fired power
plants which are approved before 2030, can be classed as sustainable even if they exceed
the upper emissions limit of LOO g CO2/kWh, provided they replace more carbon-intensive
assets and are fully operated using climate-friendly gases like hydrogen no later than 2036.
There will also be a cap on CO2 emissions. The act mentions two upper limits, of which one
has to be complied with, namely 270 g CO3/kWh or - alternatively - 550 kg CO3/kW as an
annual average over a period of 20 years. The standards imposed are ambitious, but can
be met given the right framework conditions. These include the rapid expansion of hydrogen
infrastructure. The delegated act does not require formal approval from the European
Parliament or Council of Ministers. However, both authorities have veto powers: they can
reject an act entirely within six months of its passage by the Commission.

The Taxonomy Regulation has also introduced new transparency obligations. Players on
the financial market, e.g. investment funds that label a financial product as environmentally
sustainable, now have to disclose the share of green assets in their portfolio. Listed companies
will also have to observe stricter disclosure requirements. Under the new requirements,
businesses that are already obliged to prepare non-financial reports will now have to disclose
what percentage of their capital expenditure, revenue and operational expenditure are
classed as sustainable in accordance with EU taxonomy regulations. This obligation applies
to all annual reports published on or after 1 January 2022.

35

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

In the first year of reporting, companies are allowed to follow a simplified process, whereby
disclosure is limited to whether taxonomy criteria exist for a given economic activity and not
whether the applicable conditions for said activity have been met. Activities for which
taxonomy criteria exist are classed as ‘taxonomy-eligible. Up to 88% of our capital
expenditure in 2021 met this requirement. It should be noted that taxonomy-relevant
capital expenditure (€6.0 billion) is not defined in the same way as the figure shown on
pages 58 et seq. (€3.8 billion) and also cover, for example, additions from mergers of
companies. In the past year, 18 % of revenue (€24.5 billion) was taxonomy-eligible along
with 25 % of operational expenditure (€1.6 billion). From 1 January 2023, we will report what
percentage of our economic activities actually meet the technical screening criteria and is
thus considered ‘taxonomy-aligned’. We have set ourselves the target of ensuring that more
than 90% of our investments are dedicated to such activities in future.

New climate law: Germany seeks to become carbon neutral by 2045. On 24 June 2021,
the German Upper House passed a reform of the climate law, imposing a stricter
greenhouse gas reduction target, which was greenlit by the Lower House one day later.
Germany has now set its sights firmly on being carbon neutral by 2045 - five years ahead
of the climate law's original schedule, drawn up in 2019. By 2030, greenhouse gas
emissions are to be reduced by 65% compared to 1990. The original target was 55%, It is
also the first time that an emission reduction target for 2040 has been set: it amounts to
88%. The law also specifies targets for individual sectors, with the energy industry
shouldering the majority of additional emissions cuts: in 2030, the sector is limited to
emitting 108 million metric tons of carbon. The original emissions threshold had been set at
175 million metric tons.

These legislative amendments were seen as a reaction to a decision handed down by the
German Constitutional Court and published in April 2021. The judges in Karlsruhe had
found the Climate Protection Act of 2019 to be insufficient and had called for more
concrete regulations for the period after 2030. They highlighted the enormous burden that
irreversibly delaying considerable emission reductions would place on future generations.


--- Page 14 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business environment

How exactly these additional emission reductions will be achieved is now down to the new
government coalition between Germany's Social Democrats, Greens and Free Democrats.
Arange of measures have already been announced, such as further expediting the phaseout
of coal, which is ideally to be achieved by 2030. The German government is also looking to
move up a gear in other areas, including expanding renewable capacities and scaling up the
hydrogen economy.

Germany imposes stricter emissions limits for air pollutants. At the eleventh hour,
Germany transposed the new EU requirements for limiting air pollutant emissions from
power plants into national law. Midway through 2021, an amendment to the 13" German
Emission Control Act and new co-firing requirements in the 17 German Emission Control
Act entered into force, introducing more stringent limits on nitrogen oxides and mercury, in
particular. To ensure compliance, we have optimised the nitrogen oxide reduction processes
in all our lignite-fired power plants and equipped our three most state-of-the-art units with
additional mercury removal systems. Gas-fired stations are also affected by the stricter
regulations. Existing plants and those under construction are marginally compliant with the
current nitrogen oxide thresholds, without having to rely on retrofits. However, future power
stations must be fitted with catalytic exhaust gas purification systems, which will increase
costs significantly.

German government establishes new system for nuclear phaseout compensation.

The 18" Amendment to the German Nuclear Energy Act entered into force on 31 October
2021. It governs remuneration for German nuclear power plant operators impacted by the
accelerated nuclear phaseout. RWE was entitled to €880 million in compensation. We
received the funds at the end of November. It had been necessary to readdress the issue of
remuneration in light of the German Constitutional Court's findings that the regulations
drawn up in 2018 had never entered into force and were, moreover, unconstitutional. We
provided additional context on this matter on page 39 of the 2020 Annual Report. The new
law is flanked by an associated public-law contract between the Federal Republic of
Germany and the power plant operators, which was signed by the contracting parties in
March 2021.

36

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

United Kingdom launches national emissions trading system. The new British trading
system for carbon emission allowances entered into force in early 2021. On 19 May, the
first 6.1 million certificates (UK Allowances, or UKAs for short) were auctioned off, each
entitling the holder to emit one metric ton of carbon. At £44 (€51), the price was twice as
high as the lower regulatory limit. Additional auctions followed every two weeks. In 2021,
around 83 million emission allowances were auctioned off in total, and around 38 million
were allocated free of charge. The UK sought to establish its own emissions trading system
as a result of leaving the EU. Britain has not participated in European emissions trading
since the end of 2020. Until now, both systems have been kept strictly separate, i.e. it has
not been possible to use EU Allowances (EUAs) in the UK nor has using UKAs been
permissible in the EU. This can give rise to price discrepancies (see page 38). In addition to
a number of renewable energy assets, our UK power generation portfolio includes ten
gas-fired power plants with a total capacity of 7 GW. The carbon emitted by these facilities
amounted to 12.8 million metric tons in 2021.

Netherlands limits use of coal in power plants. The Dutch parliament and senate have
passed an amendment to the country's legislation on the Coal Phaseout Act, which places
additional restrictions on the use of coal for electricity generation. Under the new law,
annual CO; emissions from coal use may in future not exceed 35 % of the level that is
theoretically possible in the respective plant. The regulation will apply from 2022 to 2024.
Plant operators are to be compensated, however this is yet to be approved under state aid
law by the EU Commission. RWE operates two hard coal power plants in the Netherlands,
Amer 9 and Eemshaven. Amer 9 runs on 80% biomass and is therefore not affected by the
upper limit. Eemshaven, on the other hand, will be severely impacted by the law as it only
uses 15% biomass.


--- Page 15 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business environment

Poland establishes funding framework for offshore wind. The Polish government has
finalised the legal framework for offshore wind farm subsidies, with the Polish parliament
passing a corresponding law in January 2021. Poland intends to increase the share of
renewables in its power generation portfolio to 32 % in 2030; in 2020 this figure stood at
16%. At the moment, there are no wind farms off the coast of Poland. However, turbines
with a total capacity of 10.9 GW should be in development, under construction or in
operation by as early as 2027. Wind farms with a total capacity of 5.9 GW will be able to
take part in the first round of subsidies. Plant operators will be awarded contracts for
difference which guarantee a fixed payment for 100,000 full load hours. The maximum
subsidy period is set at 25 years. RWE succeeded in securing a contract of this nature for
its F.E.W. Baltic Il project, on which we report in detail on page 41.

The US government plans to extend tax benefits for renewables. Shortly after his
inauguration, US president Joe Biden presented an ambitious investment package to
subsidise infrastructure, social care and climate protection initiatives, which envisages an
extension to renewables tax benefits. New power stations are to continue to receive
Production Tax Credits (PTCs) or Investment Tax Credits (ITCs). The aim is to grant PTCs in
the amount of US$25 per MWh for a period of ten years, while ITCs are to account for up
to 30% of the investment costs. In future, it should be possible to subsidise hydrogen and
electricity storage projects in addition to wind power and solar systems.

Before it is enshrined in law, the investment package must first pass through the Senate
and the House of Representatives. The Democrats hold the necessary majorities in both
houses. In November, the House of Representatives greenlit the proposal. One single
Democratic senator, however, has so far prevented it from passing through the Senate.
Points of contention include the overall cost of the package and individual social measures.
Commentators expect a new package to be tabled, which includes tax incentives for
investing in climate protection and is capable of achieving a majority in both houses.
However, time is of the essence here given the pending Senate elections in November 2022.
Should the Democrats lose their narrow majority, then the Republicans could block
legislative proposals from the US government.

37

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Market environment

Strong economic output in all of RWE’s core markets. In 2021, global output made a
strong recovery, following the economic downturn witnessed during the pandemic. Initial
estimates put increased economic performance at 6 % year on year. While the USA saw a
similar level of growth, the Eurozone fell behind by approximately one percentage point. In
Germany and the Netherlands, our two most important markets within the currency union,
current data suggests a rise of 3% and 5%, respectively. The UK economy is centred around
the service industry and was therefore hit much harder by the pandemic. However, figures
suggest the nation’s economy could have since rebounded by 7%. The global economic
recovery was reflected in the significant rise in demand for commodities, which led to a
notable increase in prices. There were also supply shortages and project delays, which have
only affected RWE to a minimal extent so far.

German power consumption up by 3% versus prior year. In the past year, demand for
electricity has risen across all RWE markets. This was largely attributable to the economic
upswing. Preliminary data from the German Association of Energy and Water Industries
(BDEW) indicates that German electricity consumption was up 3% on 2020. For the USA,
experts estimate a rise of similar proportions, while the Netherlands (1%) and the UK (2%),
will most likely have fallen short of this mark.

Low wind speeds across the majority of RWE locations. Utilisation and profitability of
renewables assets are largely weather-dependent. This is why we monitor wind speeds
carefully. In 2021, these were lower than the long-term average across most of our
production sites in Europe and North America. A year-on-year comparison also revealed an
unfavourable development: most RWE wind farms were underutilised versus 2020 due to
weather conditions. Only pockets of southern Europe were able to benefit from higher
wind volumes. The utilisation of run-of-river power stations depends on precipitation and
melt water volumes. In Germany, where most of the RWE Group's hydroelectric plants are
located, these volumes were a little below the long-term average. They were, however,
higher than in 2020.


--- Page 16 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business environment

Average RWE wind farm utilisation Onshore Offshore

% 2021 2020 2021 2020
Germany 17 20 So) 40
United Kingdom 27 34 So) 42
Netherlands 30 30 = -
Poland 27 29 = -
Spain 24 23 = -
Italy 24 21 = -
Sweden 29 33 47 56
USA 32 33 = -

Natural gas prices skyrocket. The utilisation and earnings of our conventional power
plants are heavily dependent on how electricity, fuel and emission allowance markets
perform. Natural gas, our most important energy source for producing electricity, became
increasingly expensive in the year under review. In the first quarter of 2021, quotations at
the Dutch Title Transfer Facility (TTF), Continental Europe's lead market, were still largely
priced between €15/MWh and €20/ MWh, but by the fourth quarter they intermittently
exceeded levels far above €100. In 2021, the average spot price of €48 / MWh was more
than five times as high as in 2020 (€9 / MWh). This drastic price hike for natural gas is
partially attributable to increased demand for energy due to the global economic upturn. In
addition, colder weather across large parts of Europe meant that more gas was needed for
heating compared to 2020. Geopolitical tensions and uncertainty surrounding the approval
of the Russian-German Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline contributed to the price increase.

Due to the aforementioned factors, forward quotations rose considerably. The 2022
forward hit a record high of well above €100/MWh in December. On average, it was quoted
at €34/MWh. By way of comparison, in the previous year the 2021 TTF forward cost.
€13/MWh on average.

38

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Increased demand from China boosts hard coal prices. Prices for hard coal used in power
plants (steam coal) also rose notably in the year under review. Deliveries to ARA ports

(ARA= Amsterdam, Rotterdam, Antwerp) including freight and insurance were settled for an
average of US$122/metric ton (€104) in 2021, as opposed to US$50 / metric ton the
previous year. This notable rise can, in part, be traced back to increased demand from
China, where the local economy recovered quickly from the economic fallout of the
pandemic. The same trend was also reflected in the development of hard coal forward
prices: in the year under review, the 2022 forward (API 2 Index) was quoted at an average of
US$95/metric ton (€81). This is US$37 more than was paid for the 2021 forward in 2020.

CO, emissions trading: More ambitious EU climate protection target pushes prices up.
Anincreasingly important price factor for fossil fuel-fired power plants is the procurement of
CO emission allowances. An EU Allowance (EUA), entitling the holder to emit one metric ton
of carbon dioxide, was traded at an average of €54 in 2021 - almost twice the price in
2020. This figure is based on contracts for delivery that mature in December of the
following year. Once the EVA price curve had exceeded €30 in late 2020, there was only
one way things could go, and that was up. As 2021 drew to a close, allowance prices were
already closing in on the €80 figure. The considerable price hikes were primarily the result of
the introduction of a stricter European greenhouse gas reduction target for 2030. To meet
this goal, the EU needs to vastly decrease the number of emission allowances available to
companies. Many market participants anticipated this, making early purchases of EUAs.
The increase in energy consumption driven by the economy contributed to the rise in prices
because it also drove up greenhouse gas emissions and demand for emission allowances.

As explained on page 36, the United Kingdom launched its own CO> emissions trading
system when it left the EU. UK Allowances (UKAs) have been traded on the secondary
market since the first auction in May 2021. In the seven and a half months to the end of the
year, UKAs were quoted above EUAs. The average price during this time was £57 (€67).


--- Page 17 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review

of operations
Business environment

3
Responsibility statement

Surge in fuel and emissions allowance prices impacts cost of electricity. The incredible
rise in the price of fuel and emission allowances shaped the trajectory of our most important
wholesale electricity markets in Europe. The low wind energy output, due to poor weather,
and maintenance-related outages at French nuclear power plants also came to bear to
some extent. In Germany, the average annual spot price for base-load electricity more

than tripled compared to 2020, rising from €30 / MWh to €97 / MWh. The changes were on
asimilar scale in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, where quotations rose from

£35 /MWh to £118/MWh (€138) and from €32/MWh to €103 / MWh, respectively.
Electricity forward markets also witnessed a drastic upward curve. An average of €89 / MWh
was paid for the 2022 base-load forward in Germany and the Netherlands. In the preceding
year, this figure stood at €40 in both countries. The price of the British one-year forward
increased from £44 /MWh to £92/MWh (€108).

Once-in-a-century snowstorm sees electricity spot prices in Texas hit record high. The
North American electricity market is geographically divided into multiple sub-systems, each
of which is governed by an independent system operator. The most important market region
for RWE is Texas, where most of our wind farms in the USA are connected to the grid and the
system operator is the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT). Spot prices on the
ERCOT market briefly peaked at US$9,000 / MWh in February 2021 due to supply
shortages and regulatory interventions. This was due to an exceptionally harsh cold spell,
which led to outages at several power plants. Electricity forward prices saw no long-term
effects from this event. Last year, a one-year forward contract in the ERCOT market cost on
average US$37 / MWh (€31), US$7 more than in 2020. Higher natural gas prices were
decisive in this regard. The more moderate electricity price level compared to Europe can be
explained by the fact that gas prices in the USA remain relatively low, despite the recent hike.
In addition, Texan electricity producers do not need to purchase carbon emission
allowances.

39

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Higher margins on electricity forward markets. In order to mitigate the risk of short-term
sales and price fluctuations, we sell most of our electricity forward, whilst also hedging the
prices for necessary fuels and emission allowances. Our revenue for the period under review
was thus influenced by the conditions of forward contracts for 2021, which were concluded
in previous years. These forward sales are largely conducted with a lead time of up to three
years for power production in our lignite and nuclear plants, which are mainly used to cover
base-load needs. On average, we were able to achieve higher prices and margins from
these assets for 2021 than for 2020. Sales of electricity from our gas-fired stations were
subject to a shorter lead time. Margins realised from these transactions were higher than
the previous year. A portion of our renewables portfolio is also subject to forward contracts.

We do, however, still sell some of the generated power at spot market prices valid at the time
of sale. The margins we achieved for these transactions were higher than in 2020.
Furthermore, price spikes on the spot market contributed to additional income from the
short-term optimisation of our power plant dispatch.

The rise in the price of electricity will have a more notable impact on margins in 2022. This
concerns generation assets that had not yet fully or had only partially sold their electricity
forward when prices began to climb. European wind farms, in particular, where electricity
revenue depends on market prices, now enjoy improved earnings forecasts. However, a
portion of our conventional power plant portfolio also stands to benefit from the price trend.


--- Page 18 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review
of operations
Major events,

3
Responsibility statement

2.4 Major events

In 2021, we showed just how committed we are to green growth. We secured the

rights to build and operate offshore wind projects in the United Kingdom, Denmark,
Poland and Germany with a capacity of up to 5 GW. Furthermore, we forged strong
partnerships for joint wind and solar activities in new markets. In the hydrogen
business, we formalised a partnership with Shell, which we expect to deliver substantial
synergies. RWE’s green transition strategy comprises the phaseout of coal-fired power.
Here too, we took massive strides in 2021 by decommissioning our two remaining

German hard coal-fired power stations and five lignite units. In this chapter, we present
the main events that took place in 2021 and the beginning of 2022, focusing on those
which are not outlined in more detail elsewhere in the review of operations.

Events in the fiscal year

RWE wins rights to develop new offshore wind power sites in the British North Sea.
At an auction held in February 2021, RWE secured the rights to build wind turbines with
a total capacity of 3,000 MW across two neighbouring locations in the UK North Sea. In
return, we will pay an annual option fee of £82,552 / MW (plus inflation adjustment) until
we make a final investment decision. The area is situated on a sandbank in shallow waters
known as Dogger Bank. The Sofia wind farm is also being built in the vicinity. After the
auction, an official plan-level Habitats Regulations Assessment (HRA) was initiated, which
is expected to be finalised in 2022. Only after this is completed will the option fee period
commence. In accordance with applicable regulations, however, we had to pay an annual
fee in advance in 2021. As soon as all permits for the new wind farms have been obtained,
we will participate in an auction for a subsidy contract, after which we will make a final
investment decision. Then the option fee will be replaced by a much lower lease payment.
If connected to the grid in time, the wind farms could be commissioned as early as the end
of this decade.

40

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

The Crown Estate's tender process allocated development rights to a total of six sites on
which offshore wind farms with a total capacity of up to 7,980 MW can be built. A number of
the participants, which also secured option rights, submitted significantly higher bids than
us. RWE will pay the lowest average annual option fee per megawatt of all successful
bidders.

Danish Energy Agency awards large offshore wind project to RWE. In Denmark, we have
been granted the rights to build and operate the Thor offshore wind project in the North
Sea. We had taken part in an auction along with five other bidders: all participants
submitted minimum bids of DKK 0.1/MWh. On 1 December 2021, we won the auction and
shortly afterwards signed a concession agreement with the Danish Energy Agency, which
entitles us to build the wind farm and operate it for 30 years. Thor will be constructed about
20 kilometres off the coast of west Denmark and will be the country’s largest offshore wind
farm to date, with a capacity of approximately 1,000 MW. It is scheduled for full
commissioning in 2027. Due to our minimum bid, we will not receive state subsidies for the
electricity generated by Thor. In the early years, we will have to transfer our proceeds to the
Danish government until they total DKK 2.8 billion (€377 million) plus annual inflation. We
expect our investment for the wind farm and the grid connection to amount to €2.1 billion.
In Denmark, RWE already operates the Radsand 2 offshore wind farm, which is located
south of the island of Lolland and has an installed capacity of 207 MW.


--- Page 19 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review
of operations
Major events,

3
Responsibility statement

RWE secures two offshore wind farm sites in the German North Sea. In Germany too, we
laid the groundwork for new offshore wind farms. Last year, we secured the usage rights to
two sites in the German North Sea. We were allocated one of the sites, officially referred to
as N-3.7, during an auction held by the German Network Agency in September 2021. This
confers us the right to build a wind farm on site with a capacity of 225 MW. To give us the
best chance of winning the auction, we submitted a zero-cent bid, which means the
electricity generated by the wind farm is not subject to a minimum price guaranteed by the
state. We were granted usage rights to the second site, referred to as N-3.8, following the
September auction, allowing us to build a wind farm with an installed capacity of 433 MW.
Originally, the winning bid had been placed by French energy group EDF, but it had to pass
on the usage rights to a joint venture between Northland Power and RWE. This is because
we had pre-developed the site together with our Canadian partner and therefore had a
step-in right. Now we must deliver the project at the conditions in EDF's winning bid; the
company submitted a zero-cent bid.

Support secured for offshore wind project in Poland. We have also made good progress
in relation to our first wind energy project in the Polish Baltic Sea. In April 2021, the
government in Warsaw made a preliminary commitment to subsidise our F.E.W. Baltic II
project. It is envisaged that the wind farm be built on the Stupsk sandbank and have a
capacity of 350 MW. It was not until January 2021 that the Polish government established
the legal framework for subsidising offshore wind power. We were granted environmental
clearance for F.E.W. Baltic II in December and will receive the final subsidy approval in 2022,
at which time the regulator will also decide on the level of the funding. The support will be
granted in the form of two-sided contracts for difference which guarantee that we receive a
fixed price per megawatt hour for the generation volume of 100,000 full load hours. If the
realised market price is lower than this amount, the state pays the difference. If it is higher,
the operators are obliged to make a payment. The subsidy period is limited to 25 years.

41

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE becomes majority shareholder in Rampion offshore wind farm. As of 1 April 2021,
we acquired a 20% interest in the UK Rampion offshore wind farm from E.ON. The purchase
price was paid in December 2020. As a result of the transaction, we now own 50.1% of the
400 MW wind farm and can consolidate it fully. The other owners are a consortium led by
Macquarie (25%) and Canadian energy group Enbridge (24.9 %). Rampion is located in the
English Channel off the coast of Sussex and has been operating commercially since 2018.

TCP investor consortium acquires Rampion’s grid connection. In November, investor
consortium Transmission Capital Partners (TCP) purchased Rampion's grid connection, for
which it paid a total of £279.5 million. The transaction included the offshore and onshore
export cables as well as the substations at sea and on land. The sale was a regulatory
requirement. In the United Kingdom, construction of offshore wind farms and the associated
grid connection is managed under one umbrella. The grid connection must subsequently be
sold to an independent third party under the supervision of UK regulator Ofgem.

Go-ahead for construction of Sofia wind farm in the North Sea. In the spring of 2021,
RWE made the final investment decision to build the Sofia wind farm in the UK North Sea,
one of the largest offshore wind projects in the world. We hold a 100% stake in the project.
Sofia will be located almost 200 kilometres off the coast of North East England. It will
consist of 100 turbines with a total installed capacity of 1,400 MW, and will be capable of
supplying green electricity to approximately 1.2 million homes in the UK. June 2021 saw the
start of onshore construction, with offshore work scheduled to begin in 2023. According to
current plans, Sofia is set to take its full capacity online by 2026. We will be contractually
remunerated for electricity generated by the wind farm in the amount of £39.65 / MWh. This
amount is based on the 2012 price level and will be subject to an upward adjustment for
inflation. We anticipate investing about £3 billion in Sofia. This includes expenditure for the
grid connection, which we will sell on completion.


--- Page 20 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Major events,

3
Responsibility statement

Alliances to expand offshore wind forged. We have joined forces with foreign partners to
improve our growth opportunities in the offshore wind business. The following is a brief
overview of some of the most recent collaborations.

In May 2021, we agreed with UK-based National Grid Ventures that we would jointly
participate in the New York Bight seabed lease auctions. In February 2022, we secured a
site in a tender process with the potential for about 3 GW in generation capacity

(see page 45).

Also in May, we signed an agreement with Equinor and Hydro to develop a wind energy
project in the Sarlige Nordsjg Il area in the Norwegian North Sea. The site neighbours
Danish waters and has excellent wind conditions. The favourable location should allow us
to sell electricity both within and outside of Norway.

In September, we forged a further alliance with Norwegian partners. Together with NTE
and Havfram, we plan to participate in auctions for floating wind farms. The Norwegian
Ministry of Petroleum and Energy has earmarked an area known as Utsira Nord off the
country’s southern coast for this purpose. The site can accommodate wind turbines with
a total capacity of up to 1.5 GW.

Floating wind farms are also the focus of a partnership in South Korea, which we finalised
with the port city of Ulsan in November. Together with our local partner, our objective is to
implement projects to create up to 1.5 GW in generation capacity off the coast of the
country. South Korea is aiming for 12 GW in offshore wind capacity by 2030 and wants to
be climate neutral by 2050.

In February 2022 we joined forces with Tata Power, India’s largest power generator, to
develop offshore wind projects along the country's 7,600-kilometre coastline. India has
also set ambitious renewables expansion targets, and aims to have 30 GW in offshore
capacity by 2030.

42

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Three major US wind farms start commercial operation. We completed three onshore
wind projects in the USA in 2021. In the spring, Scioto Ridge went online commercially after
about two-and-a-half years of construction. It is our first wind farm in the state of Ohio and
has a total capacity of 250 MW. In the summer, we completed two further large-scale wind
farms: West Raymond in Texas and Cassadaga in the US state of New York. The wind farms
have capacities of 240 MW and 125 MW, respectively. A total of more than €800 million
was invested in the three projects.

Stakes in four Texan wind farms sold. To increase our financial strength and better balance
our generation portfolio, we sold shares in four Texan wind farms: Stella (201 MW), Cranell
(220 MW), East Raymond (200 MW), and West Raymond, which was mentioned earlier. The
buyers are a subsidiary of Canadian energy utility Algonquin Power & Utilities and UK
investor Greencoat, which took an interest of 51% and 24% in the wind farms. RWE is
therefore only a minority shareholder but is staying on as the operator of these assets. We
no longer fully consolidate them in our financial reporting and instead account for them
using the equity method. The sale was agreed in December 2020 and was completed in
January (Stella /Cranell / East Raymond) and August 2021 (West Raymond).

Australian Limondale solar farm is officially connected to the grid. In autumn 2021,
our Limondale solar farm went online in the Australian state of New South Wales. With
acapacity of 249 MW, the photovoltaic system is one of the largest in the country. It
consists of approximately 872,000 solar panels, spread over a 900-hectare site.
Construction started in 2018. Our capital expenditure on Limondale amounted to
approximately €330 million.


--- Page 21 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review
of operations
Major events,

3
Responsibility statement

RWE sets the stage to expand solar power in Greece. In October, we set up a joint venture
with energy group Public Power Corporation (PPC) to realise solar projects in Greece. RWE
and PPC own 51% and 49% of the new company, respectively. Our partner is the country's
largest power utility and will contribute photovoltaic projects with up to 940 MW of capacity
to the joint venture. RWE will bring a project pipeline of a similar size to the table. The
undertakings are in various stages of development. Based on current plans, the first farms
will be commissioned in 2023.

Belectric Group solar services business sold. In December, the Dutch energy service
provider Elevion acquired parts of the Belectric Group from RWE. Assets affected by the
transaction were companies in Europe and Israel which provide services relating to the
construction, operation and maintenance of solar farms. Elevion is part of CEZ, the Czech
Republic's largest energy utility. Belectric’s battery business remains within the RWE Group.
It was transferred to RWE Battery Solutions in 2020.

RWE sells small hydropower plants to KELAG. Austrian energy utility KELAG acquired
twelve French and seven Portuguese hydro assets from us, which have a total installed
capacity of 62 MW (RWE’s pro-rata share). We also sold a number of small wind turbines
in Portugal with a combined capacity of 3 MW to KELAG.A corresponding agreement was
reached at the end of 2020. We transferred the French plants in April 2021, and the
Portuguese assets followed in September. KELAG is a leading hydropower producer.

We currently hold a 37.9 % stake in the company.

Green light for the construction of two mega batteries in Germany. We will contribute to
safeguarding security of supply in the future with two high-capacity batteries at our power
plant sites in Werne and Lingen. This decision was taken in June. We expect the battery
storage units to have outputs of 72 MW (Werne) and 45 MW (Lingen) as well as storage
capacities of 79 MWh and 49 MWh, respectively. They are due to go online at the end of
2022. We intend to invest some €50 million in total.

43

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Partnership with Shell on hydrogen projects. In November, we reached an agreement with
Shell to intensify our collaborative efforts to build a European hydrogen economy. Working
together with the British energy group, we will develop projects to produce, use and sell
hydrogen. RWE and Shell are already partners in the trailblazing hydrogen projects
AquaVentus in Germany (see page 32) and NortH2 in the Netherlands. RWE and Shell
intend to take the next step and initiate large-scale projects in the United Kingdom for

the production of green hydrogen using offshore wind energy. The partnership also
encompasses measures to decarbonise gas and biomass-fired power stations within the
RWE Group. To this end, we will explore the following alternatives: carbon capture and
storage as well as retrofitting stations to use environmentally friendly hydrogen.

Success in British capacity market auction. In March 2021, RWE assets totalling

6,544 MW in secured generation capacity - primarily gas-fired power stations - qualified
for a payment at a capacity market auction in Great Britain. The bidding process related to
the period from 1 October 2024 to 30 September 2025. Stations with a total capacity of
40.8 GW won a contract. These assets will be remunerated for being online and contributing
to electricity supply in the aforementioned period. The auction cleared at £18.00/kW (plus
inflation adjustment).

Once-in-a-century Texan cold snap weighs heavily on earnings. In February 2021,

an extraordinary cold front in parts of the USA curtailed energy supply substantially (see
page 39). Winter storms and freezing rain forced RWE wind farms to go offline for several
days. We had sold forward a portion of the generation of these assets and therefore had to
conduct short-term spot purchases in order to meet our supply obligations. Due to the tight
supply situation and regulatory price interventions, we had to pay up to US$9,000 / MWh for
these electricity purchases. This reduced the adjusted EBITDA in the Onshore Wind/Solar
segment by approximately €400 million.


--- Page 22 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Major events,

3
Responsibility statement

Group sites affected by catastrophic floods in western Germany. In mid-July, severe
weather events in parts of Germany led to disastrous floods resulting in a large number of
fatalities and substantial damage to property. Rhineland-Palatinate and the south of North
Rhine-Westphalia were the most devastated regions. The extreme weather also affected
our company and its employees. In the Rhenish lignite mining area, water ingress at the
Inden opencast mine brought production to a temporary halt. We are deeply saddened that
an employee of a partner company was swept away in the floods and could not be saved
despite a major rescue operation. In Erftstadt-Blessem, located near Cologne, the Erft river
burst its banks, flooding a gravel pit operated by a subsidiary of RWE Power. Nearly all
RWE-operated run-of-river power plants in the Eifel and on the Mosel, Saar and Ruhr rivers
were forced to interrupt operations due to the floodwaters. Within a few days, however,
these stations and the Inden mines were available once more. Our financial burdens
resulting from the disastrous flooding will total a figure in the low two-digit million euro
range. RWE provided about €2 million to an emergency relief programme, one quarter of
which was donated by our staff.

RWE stops generating electricity from hard coal in Germany. In the middle of last year,
our last German hard coal units, Westfalen E at Hamm (764 MW) and Ibbenbiiren B (794 MW),
were closed for good. At the end of 2020, we successfully participated in the first nationwide
shutdown auction for hard coal-fired power plants with these assets. We received €216 million
in compensation for their early decommissioning. In the first half of 2021, we were forbidden
from selling electricity generated by these assets, but were obligated to keep them on
standby to ensure security of supply. During this period, Westfalen E went online 13 times at
the request of the transmission system operator. The station is envisaged to continue to
contribute to security of supply, albeit without using hard coal. As the German Network
Agency has classified the power plant as system-relevant, we will convert the generator to a
rotary phase shifter to produce reactive power to maintain voltage levels, an important
element in stabilising the electricity grid. Conversely, Ibbenburen B has not been deemed to
be system-relevant and will be fully decommissioned.

44

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Further lignite-fired power stations taken offline. During the year under review we closed
five 300 MW power plant units in the Rhenish lignite mining region. To comply with the
German Coal Phaseout Act, we took Neurath B (294 MW), Niederaussem C (295 MW) and
Weisweiler E (321 MW) offline at the end of December. The Frimmersdorf lignite power plant
was shut down three months earlier. The station's last two units P (284 MW) and Q (278 MW)
had been placed on security stand-by on 1 October 2017. This meant that they were
forbidden by law from participating in the market, but had to remain available as a
safeguard to ensure security of supply when necessary. They were shut down for good on
expiry of the security stand-by period. Most employees affected by the lignite exit will retire.
Younger staff members will transfer to other areas within the Group or will receive severance
packages.

Gundremmingen C nuclear power station stops operating. Also at the end of 2021,

we took Unit C of the Gundremmingen nuclear power plant offline. The plant was
commissioned in 1984 and had a net installed capacity of 1,288 MW. Its closure and
current dismantling are a result of the roadmap dictated by the German nuclear phaseout.
We took Unit B of the Gundremmingen nuclear power station offline at the end of 2017.
Now electricity generation at the site has stopped entirely. About 540 people were working
there as of 31 December 2021. This number will likely drop to about 440 by the end of
2022. We will implement further socially acceptable redundancies in the years thereafter.


--- Page 23 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Major events,

3
Responsibility statement

Events after the close of the fiscal year

RWE enters US offshore wind market. At the end of February 2022, we were successful in
an auction of seabed leases for offshore wind sites in the New York Bight. A joint venture
between RWE and National Grid Ventures secured an area for US$1.1 billion. About 3 GW of
generation capacity can be built at the site, which would be capable of producing enough
electricity to power 1.1 million US homes. The auction included six lease sites, with bidders
only being allowed to secure one each. Every successful bid conferred the right to develop a
site and participate in upcoming offtake auctions in the states of New York and New Jersey.
Ifthe project progresses as planned, our offshore wind farm in the New York Bight will be
commissioned before the end of the decade.

Wind joint venture with Northland Power launched. In January 2022, RWE and Northland
Power formed a joint venture for the development of wind energy projects in the German
North Sea. We expect this partnership to deliver substantial synergies, resulting in cost
savings in the development, construction and operation of the assets. RWE owns 51% and
our Canadian partner owns 49 % of the joint venture, which encompasses three offshore
wind projects aiming to develop a total capacity of 1.3 GW. The sites of the future wind
farms are located north of the island of Juist. Before forging the joint venture, we had
already worked with Northland Power on two of the three projects. One project is focused on
a 433 MW wind farm on a site officially called N-3.8, which we secured via a step-in right
following an invitation to tender in 20211 (see page 41). The other initiative involved the
construction and operation of a 420 MW wind farm, which we hope to build on the N-3.5
site. We also have a step-in right for this area, but have not exercised it yet. RWE initially only
held a 15% share of both projects and had originally developed the third joint venture
project alone. It is centred around a 480 MW wind farm at the N-3.6 site, for which we also
hold a step-in right which has not yet been made use of. The auctions for the sites N-3.5 and
N-3.6 should be held in 2023. In the event that other companies are successful, we can
exercise our step-in rights.

45

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE once again successful in British capacity market auctions. Another auction, relating
to the delivery period from 1 October 2025 to 30 September 2026, was held for the British
capacity market on 22 February. We secured a payment for all participating RWE power
stations, including two small new-builds. Altogether, these assets have a secured capacity of
6,647 MW. At £30.59 / kW per annum (plus inflation adjustment). A total of 42.4 GW in
generation capacity qualified for a payment at the auction.

Huge uncertainty after Russia attacks Ukraine. Russian troops marched into Ukraine at
the end of February. As an invasion under international law, it prompted outrage and
consternation around the globe. Many countries including the USA, EU member states and
the United Kingdom imposed economic sanctions on Russia. Uncertainty concerning
commodity deliveries from Russia to Europe has caused a significant increase in gas and
electricity trading quotations. In some European countries, including Germany, governments
are working on measures to reduce dependency on Russian oil and gas imports. When this
review of operations was prepared in early March 2022, it was impossible to predict the
development of the Ukraine conflict or its consequences. Although RWE does not have
business activities in Russia or Ukraine, further escalation of the conflict and discontinuation
of supply relationships with Russian companies could have notable effects on our assets,
liabilities, financial position and profit or loss. More detailed information can be found in the
chapter entitled ‘Development of risks and opportunities, which starts on page 70.


--- Page 24 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Commentary on reporting

2.5 Commentary on reporting

In our financial reporting, the RWE Group is broken down into five segments, which we
present in detail in this chapter. Renewable energy, gas-fired power plants, energy
storage, our hydrogen business and energy trading are distributed among the first four
segments. They play a key role in the energy transition and therefore make up our core
business. The fifth segment covers power generation from coal and nuclear energy,
which will increasingly lose importance due to legally mandated phaseout roadmaps.

Group structure features five segments. We distinguish between five segments when
reporting our business performance. The first four form our core business. Our segments
are defined as follows:

+ Offshore Wind: We present our business relating to offshore wind here. It is overseen by
our Group company RWE Renewables.

+ Onshore Wind / Solar: This is the segment in which we pool our onshore wind and solar
business as well as parts of our battery storage activities. Here again, responsibility lies
with RWE Renewables.

+ Hydro/Biomass /Gas: Generation from our run-of-river, pumped storage, biomass
and gas power stations is pooled here. The segment also includes the Dutch Amer 9
and Eemshaven power plants, which run on biomass and hard coal, as well as individual
battery storage systems. The project management and engineering consulting company
RWE Technology International and our 37.9 % stake in Austrian energy utility KELAG
are also allocated to this segment. The activities are overseen by RWE Generation. In
addition, since 2021, this management company has been responsible for designing and
implementing our hydrogen strategy.

46

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Supply & Trading: Proprietary trading of energy commodities is at the core of this
segment and is overseen by RWE Supply & Trading. The company also acts as an
intermediary for gas, supplies key accounts with energy, and undertakes a number of
additional trading-related activities. Our German and Czech gas storage facilities also
form part of this segment.

Coal / Nuclear: This is where we report on the activities which are not part of our core
business as their importance is declining due to the course set by the energy policy in our
domestic market, Germany. First and foremost, these consist of our German electricity
generation from coal and nuclear fuel as well as our lignite production in the Rhenish
mining region to the west of Cologne. This is also where we report our investments in
Dutch nuclear power plant operator EPZ (30%) and Germany-based URANIT (50%),
which holds a 33% stake in uranium enrichment specialist Urenco. Most of the
aforementioned activities and investments are overseen by RWE Power. RWE Generation
is responsible for our German hard coal-fired power plants; we shut down the last two
stations in mid-2021.

Group companies with cross-segment tasks, such as the Group holding company RWE AG,
are stated as part of the core business under the ‘other, consolidation line item. This also
applies to our stakes of 25.1% in German transmission system operator Amprion and 15%
in EON. However, the dividends we receive from E.ON are recognised in the financial result.
Furthermore, ‘other, consolidation’ contains consolidation effects.


--- Page 25 ---

1 2 3 4
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial
of operations statements

Commentary on reporting

Changed recognition of tax benefits for renewables in the USA. At the start of fiscal
2021, we changed the way in which we account for tax benefits received for US wind

and solar projects. Renewable energy is subsidised largely via tax credits in the USA.
Furthermore, plant operators can benefit from accelerated depreciation, referred to as
tax benefits. Until 2020, they were recognised in taxes on income, whereas the benefits
of tax credits were considered in other operating income. For the sake of consistency, we
have also been recognising tax benefits since 2021. It has a positive impact on adjusted
EBITDA. To ensure comparability, we restated the prior-year figures. More information can
be found in the Notes on pages 108 et seq.

Forward-looking statements. This report contains forward-looking statements regarding
the future development of the RWE Group and its companies as well as economic and
political developments. These statements are assessments that we have made based on
information available to us at the time this document was prepared. Despite this, actual
developments can deviate from the prognoses, for instance if underlying assumptions do
not materialise or unforeseen risks arise. Therefore, we cannot assume responsibility for the
correctness of forward-looking statements.

References. The contents of web pages and publications to which we refer in this chapter
are not part of the Review of operations and merely provide additional information.

47

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2021


--- Page 26 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements

Business performance

2.6 Business performance

Fiscal 2021 was a very successful year for RWE, despite getting off to a lacklustre performance. Improved generation margins provided additional income. This enabled
start. In February, extreme weather in Texas led to outages at wind farms anda us to increase the Group’s adjusted EBITDA by 11% compared to the previous year.
significant financial loss due to power purchases. However, we more than offset the We clearly exceeded the earnings forecast for 2021 which we published after the events
earnings shortfalls as the year progressed, thanks to an exceptional energy trading in Texas.

Business performance in 2021: What we forecast and what we accomplished

@® Forecast overachieved

€million
@ Forecast met
= 2020 actual
1 Forecast for 20212
= 2021 actual
°
3,650
3,286
3°
2727. 2,761
Y °
Y 2,185
1,823
y 1,569
Z oO (v) 1,257
1,069 1,110 (1) is) 989 y
7 621 731 769 Y
523, (+) 539 559 Y)
| | - i I
y
| an i i | Ba | |
RWE Group Core business Offshore Wind Onshore Wind/ Hydro/Biomass/Gas Supply & Trading Coal/Nuclear RWE Group RWE Group
Solar
7 Adjusted Adjusted
‘ CoG CCISSUEES ' EBIT net income

1 See pages 67 et seq, of the 2020 Annual Report. The hatched portion reflects the forecast range.

48


--- Page 27 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements
Business performance
Power generation* Renewables Pumped storage, Gas Lignite Hard coal Nuclear Total?
batteries
GWh 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020
Offshore Wind 7,564 7,009 = - = - = - = - = - 7,564 7,009
Onshore Wind/ Solar 16,709 16,762 - - - - - - - - - - 16,709 16,762
Hydro/Biomass/Gas 7,899 5,832 41 80 52,257 46,894 - - 6,952 3,584 = - 67,321 56,600
of which:
Germany 1,645 1,546 41 80 5,988 8,576 = - = - = - 7,846 10,412
United Kingdom 493 573° = - 35,263 25,138 = - = - = - 35,756 25,711
Netherlands S725) 3,679 = - 6,647 8,899 = - 6,952 3,584 = - 19,324 16,162
Turkey = - = - 4,359 4,281 = - = - = - 4,359 4,281
Coal/Nuclear 18 19 - - 147 726 45,916 36,649 188 2,549 22,704 20,682 69,179 60,833
RWE Group 32,190 29,622 41 80 52,404 47,620 45,916 36,649 7,140 6,133 22,704 20,682 160,773 141,204

1 No longer considers power purchases from generation assets in which RWE does not own the majority, but which we have long-term usage rights to. Prior-year figures adjusted accordingly.
2 Including production volumes not attributable to any of the energy sources mentioned (e.g. electricity from waste-to-energy plants).

3 Adjusted figure.

Electricity production 14% up on prior year. In the fiscal year that just came to a close, the
RWE Group produced 160,773 GWh of electricity. Deviating from the former recognition
method, this figure does not include power purchases from generation assets in which we
do not own the majority, even if we have long-term usage rights to them. Prior-year figures
including the purchases have been adjusted accordingly. Our electricity generation grew by
14% compared to 2020. The most significant increases were recorded by our German
lignite power stations, which benefited from favourable market conditions. Contributing
factors were the rise in electricity consumption compared to the previous year thanks to the
economic recovery, as well as the weather-induced drop in wind energy fed into the system.
For these reasons and despite a significant hike in fuel costs, our UK gas-fired power

stations were also utilised more than in 2020, whereas generation from gas was down in
Germany and the Netherlands. Our Dutch power plants Amer 9 and Eemshaven, which run
on biomass and hard coal, stepped up production considerably. The rise at Eemshaven was
due to the station's return to nearly full availability after fire damage in the preceding year.
Our German nuclear power stations also posted a substantial rise, because there were
fewer maintenance outages. A counteracting effect was felt from the German coal
phaseout. At the end of 2020, we ceased commercial operation of the Ibbenbuiren B

(794 MW) and Westfalen E (764 MW) hard coal-fired power plants and shut down the
Niederaussem D (297 MW) lignite unit.

49


--- Page 28 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements
Business performance
Power generation from renewables? Offshore Wind Onshore Wind Solar Hydro Biomass Total
GWh 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020
Germany 1,811 2,082 939 1,168 3 3 1,645 1,483 = 4 4,398 4,740
United Kingdom SSS 4,690 U7) 2,134 = - 189 231? 304 342 7,769 7,397
Netherlands = - 727 768 17 7 27 14 5,697 3,665 6,468 4,454
Poland = - 1,245 997 1 1 = - = - 1,246 998
Spain = - 934 890 96 s1 29 29 = - 1,059 970
Italy = - 1,008 882 = - = - = - 1,008 882
Sweden 196 237 293 339 = - = - = - 489 576
USA = - 8,961 9,059 354 271 = - = - eis 9,330
Australia = - = - 245, 65 = - = - 245 65
Rest of the world = - 41 30 81 34 71 146 = - Ig 210
RWE Group 7,564 7,009 15,867 16,267 797 432 1,961 1,903 6,001 4,011 32,190 29,622

1 No longer considers power purchases from generation assets in which RWE does not own the majority, but which we have long-term usage rights to. Prior-year figures adjusted accordingly.

2 Adjusted figure.

Production from our wind farms was roughly on a par year on year. A positive effect was felt
from the increase in our stake in the Rampion offshore wind farm (400 MW) in the UK as of
1 April 2021 from 30.1% to 50.1% and the full consolidation of Rampion since then.
Furthermore, we commissioned the Scioto Ridge (250 MW) and Cassadaga (125 MW) wind
farms in the USA and started feeding electricity from the Triton Knoll offshore wind farm
(857 MW) in the UK into the grid. Opposing effects were felt from lower wind speeds and the
sale of majority stakes in wind farms in Texas (see page 42).

In addition to our in-house generation, we procure electricity from suppliers outside of the
Group. In the year being reviewed, these purchases totalled 48,131 GWh. In-house production
and power purchases combined for 208,904 GWh (previous year: 200,715 GWh).

Lower generation capacity due to coal power plant closures. At the end of 2021, we had
an installed power production capacity of 36.1 GW. This figure does not include our three
German lignite units, which are in legally mandated security standby and will be shut down
for good in 2022/2023. Certain assets, where we are not the majority owner and which
generate electricity that we can completely or partially use on the basis of long-term usage
agreements, are also disregarded. In the past, we included the capacities of these stations
in the figures if we were entitled to the associated generation. Prior-year figures were
adjusted.

50


--- Page 29 ---

1 2
To our investors

Combined review
of operations
Business performance

Responsibility statement

Our generation capacity declined by 1.6 GW compared to 2020. In line with the German

coal phaseout, we decommissioned the Niederaussem C (295 MW), Neurath B (294 MW)
and Weisweiler E (321 MW) lignite units as of 31 December 2021. The legal lifetime of the
Gundremmingen C (1,288 MW) nuclear power station ended on the same day. By contrast,
we increased production capacity from renewables by 0.6 GW in part as a result of our fully
consolidating the Rampion offshore wind farm for the first time. Furthermore, we completed
the Limondale (249 MW) solar farm in Australia as well as the Scioto Ridge and Cassadaga

wind farms in the USA, whereas the sale of majority stakes in the Texan wind farms Stella
(201 MW), Cranell (220 MW) and East Raymond (200 MW) had a counteracting effect.

4

Consolidated financial

statements

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2021

In terms of generation capacity, gas is our main energy source, accounting for a share of
40% at the close of 2021. Renewables take second place, with a share of 30%. Our biggest
source of renewable energy is wind (8.9 GW), followed by biomass (0.8 GW), hydro (0.5 GW)

and solar (0.5 GW).

The geographic focus of our generation business is Germany, where 42 % of our installed
capacity is located. The United Kingdom and the Netherlands follow, accounting for shares
of 27% and 14%, respectively. The USA comes in fourth: about half of our onshore wind

capacity is situated there, a large portion of which is in Texas.

Installed capacity? Renewables Pumped storage, Gas Lignite Hard coal Nuclear Total?
batteries
As of 31 December, MW 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020
Offshore Wind 2318 1918 = - = - = - = - = - 2,318 1,918
Onshore Wind /Solar 7,082 6,858 28 20 = - = - = - = - 7,110 6,877
Hydro / Biomass / Gas 1285 1,319 168 172. 13,901 13,901 = - 1469 1,474 = - 17115 17,158
of which:
Germany 393 389 168 172. 3807 = 3,807 = - = - = - 4,407 4,407
United Kingdom 139 137 = - 6984 6,984 = - = - = - 7,376 7,374
Netherlands /Belgium 753 748 = - 2,323 2,323 = - 1469 1,474 = - 4,545 4,545
Turkey = - = - 787 787 = - = - = - 787 787
Coal /Nuclear 12 7 = - 400 400 7,638 8,548 = - 1482 2770 9559 11,752
RWE Group? 10,697 10,102 199 194 14,301 (14,301 7,638 «= 8,548 = 1,469. «1,474,482 -2,770 36,104 ~—37,708

1 No longer considers power plants taken offline as of 31 December. Assets scheduled for decommissioning are excluded from the capacity overview once they stop producing electricity. They include our lignite units in legally mandated security
standby. No longer considers generation assets in which RWE does not own the majority, but which we have long-term usage rights to. Prior-year figures adjusted accordingly. Commercial rounding can result in inaccurate sum totals.
2 Including production volumes not attributable to any of the energy sources mentioned (e.g. electricity from waste-to-energy plants).

3 Including insignificant capacity at RWE Supply & Trading.

51


--- Page 30 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements

Business performance

Installed capacity based on renewables* Offshore wind Onshore wind Solar Hydro Biomass Total
As of 31 December, MW 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020
Germany 598 598 637 666 3 3 393 389 = - 1630 1,655
United Kingdom 1,672 = 1,272 803 707 = - 84 82 55 55 2615 2,117
Netherlands = - 331 268 17 - 1 1 742 737-1100 ~=—-1,016
Poland = - 425 385 1 1 = - = - 426 386
Spain = - 447 447 45 45 12 12 = - 504 504
Italy = - 488 475 = - = - = - 488 475
Sweden 48 48 116 116 = - = - = - 164 164
USA = - 3313 3,543 125 125 = - = - 3438 3,668
Australia = - = - 249 - = - = - 249 -
Rest of the world = - 36 10 47 47 = 61 = - 83 118
RWE Group 2,318 1,918 6596 6,616 486 220 500 556 797 792 10,697 10,102

1 No longer considers power purchases from generation assets in which RWE does not own the majority, but which we have long-term usage rights to. Prior-year figures adjusted accordingly. Commercial rounding can result in inaccurate
sum totals.

CO, emissions rise due to low wind speeds. Last year, our power stations emitted CO, emissions of our power stations 2021 2020 +/-
80.9 million metric tons of carbon dioxide, 13.9 million metric tons more than in 2020. This Million metric tons
represents the first increase after eight years of emissions reductions totalling 62%, and Hydro / Biomass /Gas 25.0 20.3 47
despite the fact that we closed further coal power plants. ln 2021, a series of factors drove of which:
up usage of our lignite-fired power stations: besides a recovery of demand for electricity,

. . oe . Germany 2.6 3.5 -0.9
lower generation volumes from wind farms also played a part. In addition, gas-fired power
plants were less competitive, due to soaring fuel costs. We expect to return back to our United Kingdom 228) 9.1 37
ambitious emission reduction path in 2022. Netherlands 8.0 6.1 19

Turkey 16 16 -

Our specific emissions, i.e. the amount of carbon dioxide emitted per megawatt hour of Coal/Nuclear 55.9 46.7 92

electricity generated, amounted to 0.50 metric tons in the fiscal year that just came to a

RWE Group 80.9 67.0 13.9
close. The previous year's figure stood at 0.47 metric tons. nr 0S a oS —So ee oo

1. No longer considers CO emissions from generation assets in which RWE does not own the majority, but which we
have long-term usage rights to. Prior-year figures adjusted accordingly.

52


--- Page 31 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business performance

62.6 million metric tons of lignite produced. Our generation companies procure the fuel
they need either directly on the market or via RWE Supply & Trading, except for lignite, which
we source from proprietary opencast mines. In our Rhenish mining area west of Cologne, we
produced 62.6 million metric tons of lignite last year. This was 11.2 million metric tons more
than in the preceding year, owing to the higher utilisation of our power plants. We used the
lion's share, or 53.2 million metric tons, of lignite to generate electricity. The remainder was
used to manufacture refined products (e.g. lignite powder, hearth furnace coke and
briquettes) and, to a limited extent, to generate process steam and district heat.

Electricity and gas sales 4% and 25% higher year on year. Last year, we sold 203,101 GWh
of electricity and 45,721 GWh of gas. These transactions were largely carried out by the
Supply & Trading segment. We sold 4% more of our main product, electricity. This growth can
be traced back to the rise in generation from our power stations, which we usually sell
externally via our Group company RWE Supply & Trading. Gas deliveries were up 25%. One
contributing factor was that RWE Supply & Trading won new key accounts, most notably
municipal utilities. In addition, existing customers increased their gas purchases from us.

External revenue 79% up on 2020. Revenue from external customers (excluding natural
gas tax and electricity tax) totalled €24,526 million in 2021. This represents a 79%
increase over the previous year. Electricity revenue grew by 75% to €20,476 million,
primarily due to the steep rise in the price of electricity last year. Price effects were also the
main reason why our gas revenue quadrupled to €2,142 million. Additional information on
the development of commodity quotations can be found on pages 38 et seq.

One key performance indicator that is of particular interest to Sustainability investors is the
portion of our revenue accounted for by coal-fired generation and other coal products. In
the fiscal year that just ended, this share was 22% (previous year: 23 %).

53

4
Consolidated financial
statements

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2021

External revenue 2021 2020 +/-
€ million
Offshore Wind 688 332 356
Onshore Wind /Solar 2,324 1,855 469
Hydro / Biomass /Gas 1,315 1,056 259
Supply & Trading 19,296 9,597 9,699
Other 4 9 -5
Core business 23,627 12,849 10,778
Coal / Nuclear 899 839 60
RWE Group (excluding natural gas tax/
electricity tax) 24,526 13,688 10,838
Natural gas tax/electricity tax 235 208 27
RWE Group 24,761 13,896 10,865
External revenue by product 2021 2020 +/-
€ million
Electricity revenue 20,476 11,701 8,775
of which:
Offshore Wind 688 332 356
Onshore Wind /Solar 2,107 1,676 431
Hydro / Biomass / Gas 877 684 193
Supply & Trading 16,540 8,775 7,765
Core business 20,212 11,468 8,744
Coal / Nuclear 264 233 31
Gas revenue 2,142 534 1,608
of which: Supply & Trading 2,142 529 1,613
Other revenue 1,908 1,453 455
RWE Group (excluding natural gas tax/
electricity tax) 24,526 13,688 10,838



--- Page 32 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Business performance

3

Responsibility statement

Adjusted EBITDA? 2021 2020 +/-

€ million

Offshore Wind 1,110 1,069 41
Onshore Wind /Solar 258 523 -265
Hydro / Biomass /Gas 731 621 110
Supply & Trading 769 539 230
Other, consolidation -107 -25 -82
Core business 2,761 2,727 34
Coal /Nuclear 889 559 330+
RWE Group 3,650 3,286 364

1 Some prior-year figures restated due to a change in the recognition of tax benefits to subsidise renewable energy
in the USA (see commentary on page 47).

Adjusted EBITDA of €3,650 million clearly exceeds expectations. Our adjusted earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (adjusted EBITDA) amounted to
€3,650 million. This is far above our March 2021 forecast. The outlook we published on
pages 67 et seq. of the 2020 Annual Report envisaged a range of €2,650 million to
€3,050 million. Adjusted EBITDA from our core business was also significantly better than
originally expected, totalling €2,761 million. We had anticipated a figure between
€1,800 million and €2,200 million. The fact that we easily exceeded our forecast was
predominantly thanks to an outstanding energy trading performance. We also closed the

fiscal year above the forecast ranges in the Onshore Wind/ Solar and Hydro /Biomass/Gas
segments.

54

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Our adjusted EBITDA was 11% up on the prior year. In addition to the exceptional trading
performance, improved margins of our lignite and nuclear power stations came to bear in
particular. This was contrasted by significant charges in our US wind energy business. As set
out on page 43, in early 2021, the worst cold snap in a century in Texas led to unscheduled
plant outages, forcing us to fulfil existing electricity supply commitments with expensive

power purchases on the market.

The following developments were observed in the segments:

Offshore Wind: Adjusted EBITDA posted here amounted to €1,110 million. We had
forecast a range of €1,050 million to €1,250 million. We recorded a gain of 4%
compared to 2020 (€1,069 million). One contributing factor was that we took a majority
interest in the Rampion offshore wind farm in the UK as of 1 April 2021 and have fully
consolidated this stake since then. Furthermore, we benefited from the partial
commissioning of the Triton Knoll offshore wind farm. This was contrasted by earnings
shortfalls caused by the reduced utilisation of our assets due to the weather.

Onshore Wind / Solar: In this segment, adjusted EBITDA totalled €258 million. We were
therefore slightly above the targeted range of €50 million to €250 million. Improved
margins resulting from the recent significant increase in wholesale electricity prices were
the main driver. Compared to the previous year (€523 million) however, adjusted EBITDA
dropped considerably. This was primarily due to about €400 million in lost earnings
caused by the severe cold snap in Texas in February 2021. Besides this exceptional effect,
lower wind speeds also came to bear. By contrast, we benefited from the commissioning
of new generation assets and capital gains on the sale of stakes in the US wind farms
Stella, Cranell, East Raymond and West Raymond.


--- Page 33 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information

of operations statements
Business performance

+ Hydro/Biomass /Gas: Here, adjusted EBITDA came in at €731 million. This clearly Reconciliation to net income? 2021 2020 +/-
exceeded the forecast range of €500 million to €600 million. Our outlook was based on € million
the assumption that income from the commercial optimisation of our power plant Adjusted EBITDA 3,650 3,286 364
dispatch would fall short of the high level achieved in 2020. In fact, however, it rose, Operating depreciation, amortisation and
especially in the fourth quarter. This is why we also exceeded adjusted EBITDA registered impairment losses -1,465 -1,463 -2
in the prior year (€621 million). The markedly improved availability of the Eemshaven Adjusted EBIT 2,185 1,823 362
power station also played a role. Non-operating result -650 -104 -546
+ Supply & Trading: Our performance in the trading business was exceptional. This led to Financial result a 7454 44d
€769 million in adjusted EBITDA, which clearly surpassed the envisaged range of Income from continuing operations before taxes DEED 1,265 257
€150 million to €350 million. We also exceeded the previous year's figure, which was very Taxes on income -690 -376 -314
high (€539 million). In addition to the strong trading performance, improved earnings in Income from continuing operations 832 889 -57
the gas business also came to bear. Income from discontinued operations = 221 -221
Income 832 1,110 -278
+ Coal/Nuclear: Adjusted EBITDA recorded in this segment amounted to €889 million,
which was within the anticipated range of €800 million to €200 million. This represents of which:
strong growth compared to the preceding year (€559 million). The main reason for this Non-controlling interests dad 59 52
was that we realised higher wholesale prices for electricity generated by our lignite-fired Net income/income attributable
and nuclear power plants than in 2020. We had already sold forward nearly all of the to RWE AG shareholders 721 1,051 -330
production of these stations in earlier years. Income from the commercial optimisation of 1 some prior yeor figures restated due to a change inthe recognition of tax benefits to subsidise renewable eneray
power plant dispatch also rose. Furthermore, we benefited from the improved availability in the USA (see commentary on page 47).
of our nuclear power stations. This was contrasted by earnings shortfalls caused by
extensive maintenance at lignite-fired power plants. Further burdens stemmed from the Reconciliation to net income: Exceptional effects overshadow operating development.
implementation of the German Coal Phaseout Act and the floods in the Rhenish lignite The reconciliation from adjusted EBITDA to net income was greatly affected by one-off
mining region, on which we report on page 44. effects, which had a negative impact in net terms. The following is an overview of the

changes to the items of the reconciliation statement.

55


--- Page 34 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Business performance

3
Responsibility statement

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Adjusted EBIT? 2021 2020 +/- Non-operating result? 2021 2020 +/-
€ million € million

Offshore Wind 636 697 -61 Disposal result 21 13 8
Onshore Wind/ Solar -145 138 -283 Effects on income from the valuation of derivatives -503 1,886 -2,389
Hydro/Biomass/Gas 418 283 135 Other -168 - 2,003 1,835
Supply & Trading 721 496 225 Non-operating result -650 -104 -546
Other, consolidation =106 =25 781 1 Some prior-year figures restated due to a change in the recognition of tax benefits to subsidise renewable energy
Core business 1,524 1,589 -65 in the USA (see commentary on page 47).

Coal/Nuclear 661 234 427

RWE Group 2,185 1,823 362 Thenon-operating result, in which we recognise certain items which are not related to

1 Some prior-year figures restated due to a change in the recognition of tax benefits to subsidise renewable energy
in the USA (see commentary on page 47).

The RWE Group's adjusted EBIT rose by 20% to €2,185 million, exceeding the range of
€1,150 million to €1,550 million forecast in March 2021. This growth was driven by the
same factors that bolstered adjusted EBITDA. The difference between these two key figures
is that operating depreciation and amortisation, which at €1,465 million was basically on a
par with the previous year's level (€1,463 million), is included in adjusted EBIT, but not in
adjusted EBITDA.

56

operations or the period being reviewed, amounted to - €650 million as opposed to
-€104 million in the preceding fiscal year. Its components developed as follows:

At €21 million, income from the disposal of investments and assets was essentially
immaterial, as in the previous year (€13 million). It largely resulted from the sale of small
run-of-river power stations in France and Portugal (see page 43).

Effects from the valuation of derivatives reduced earnings by €503 million, after
increasing them by €1,886 million in the preceding year. Such impacts are only temporary
and are primarily due to the fact that, pursuant to IFRS, financial instruments used to
hedge price risks are accounted for at fair value at the corresponding balance-sheet
date, whereas the hedged underlying transactions are only recognised as a profit or loss
when they are realised.

In the ‘other line item, we reported a loss of €168 million, which was much smaller than in
the previous year (€2,003 million). Income in 2020 was curtailed by about €1.8 billion in
impairments recognised for power plants and opencast lignite mines. Impairments
relating to our lignite business were also recognised in the year being reviewed. They
amounted to €780 million and are explained in more detail in the Notes on pages 112 et
seq. Income benefited from the €880 million compensation for the nuclear phaseout in
Germany we received from the government in November 2021.


--- Page 35 ---

2
Combined review
of operations

Business performance

1
To our investors

3
Responsibility statement

Financial result 2021 2020 +/-
€ million
Interest income 260 283 -23
of which: E.ON dividend 186 182 4
Interest expenses -340 -296 -44
Net interest -80 -13 -67
Interest accretion to non-current provisions -138 -255 117
of which: interest accretion to mining provisions -121 -186 65
Other financial result 205 -186 391
Financial result -13 -454 441

Our financial result improved by €441 million to - €13 million. Its components changed as
follows:

Net interest dropped by €67 million to - €80 million, in part due to higher interest
expenses in connection with currency hedges and higher costs incurred to pledge
collateral in energy trading. Net interest includes the dividend on our 15% stake in
E.ON, which totalled €186 million (previous year: €182 million).

The interest accretion to non-current provisions reduced income by €138 million. In the
previous year, the decline was more substantial (€255 million) because we had lowered

the discount rate applied when calculating our mining provisions and the resulting
increase in the present value of the obligations had in part been recognised as an
expense in the interest accretion.

The other financial result rose by €391 million to €205 million. The main reason for the
increase was a one-off effect of interest claims in relation to a tax refund for earlier
assessment periods. Furthermore, a charge incurred in the prior year did not recur: in
March 2020, we suffered substantial losses on security holdings owing to the turmoil on
financial markets caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.

57

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Income from continuing operations before tax grew by €257 million to €1,522 million.

At 45 %, our effective tax rate was unusually high. One contributing factor was that we wrote
off or did not recognise deferred tax assets in RWE AG's tax group, because we are unlikely
to be able to use the deferred tax claims in the foreseeable future. Furthermore, an increase
in the UK corporation tax rate effective as of 2023 drove up deferred tax liabilities. By
contrast, the aforementioned tax refund for earlier years provided some relief.

In the fiscal year being reviewed, there was no income from discontinued operations. In the
preceding year, this figure amounted to €221 million. It stemmed from the stake in Slovak
energy utility VSE, which we sold to E.ON in August 2020.

Non-controlling interests in income rose by €52 million to €111 million. This is because we
started fully consolidating Rampion in April 2021 and reduced our stake in the Humber
Gateway wind farm in the UK North Sea (219 MW) from 100% to 51% at the end of 2020.
Consequently, we now state non-controlling interests of the co-owners of these wind farms.
Acounteracting effect was felt from the sale of VSE: in 2020, a profit of €34 million had
been assigned to the company’s co-shareholders.

The RWE Group's net income amounted to €721 million (previous year: €1,051 million).
This resulted in earnings per share of €1.07 (previous year: €1.65). The number of RWE
shares outstanding used to calculate this indicator totalled 676.2 million compared to
637.3 million in the previous year. These figures are annual averages. In August 2020,
we issued 61.5 million new RWE shares via a capital increase.


--- Page 36 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements

Business performance

Reconciliation to adjusted net income 2021 Original Adjustment Adjusted Capital expenditure on property, plant and 2021 2020 +/-

€ million figures figures equipment and on intangible assets?

Adjusted EBIT 2,185 - 21e5 million

Non-operating result -650 650 _ Offshore Wind 1,683 756 927

Financial result “13 ~ 196 2309 Onshore Wind/Solar 1,404 1,154 250

Taxes on income 690 304 7396 _Hydro/ Biomass /Gas 294 153 141

Income 832 848 1,680 Supply & Trading 47 43 4
of which: Other, consolidation 2 - 2
Non-controlling interests 111 - 411, Core business 3,430 2,106 1,324
Net income /income attributable Coal/ Nuclear 259 183 76
to RWE AG shareholders 721 848 1,569 RWEGroup 3,689 2,285? 1,404

1 Table only shows cash investments.
2 Including a -€4 million consolidation effect between the core business and the Coal/Nuclear segment.
Adjusted net income higher than expected. Adjusted net income amounted to

€1,569 million. Due to the unexpectedly positive development of operating earnings, it was

well above the guided range of €750 million to €1,100 million. The prior-year figure of Capital expenditure on financial assets* 2021 2020 +/-

€1,257 million was also clearly exceeded. To calculate adjusted net income, we corrected €million

net income according to IFRS by deducting the non-operating result and major special Offshore Wind 27 520 -493

items in the financial result from it. Instead of the actual tax rate, we applied a rate of 15%, Onshore Wind/Solar 27 408 -381

which reflects the tax level net of one-off effects that can theoretically be expected. Hydro / Biomass /Gas 6 115 -109
Supply & Trading 20 18 2
Other, consolidation = 11 -11
Core business 80 1,072 -992
Coal/ Nuclear - 1 -1
RWE Group 80 1,073 -993

1 Table only shows cash investments.

58


--- Page 37 ---

2
Combined review
of operations

Business performance

1
To our investors

3
Responsibility statement

Marked increase in capital expenditure on renewable energy. In the past fiscal year, our
capital spending totalled €3,769 million, 12% more than in 2020 (€3,358 million). The lion's
share of the funds was dedicated to the Offshore Wind (45 %) and Onshore Wind/ Solar
(38%) segments.

Our capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets amounted
to €3,689 million (previous year: €2,285 million). The Triton Knoll wind farm in the UK North
Sea received the biggest share of investments. Significant sums were also spent to build the
Sofia wind farm off the eastern coast of England (1,400 MW), the Kaskasi wind farm near
Heligoland (342 MW), the Blackjack Creek (240 MW) and El Algodon Alto (200 MW) onshore
wind farms in Texas, and the Hickory Park solar farm in the US state of Georgia (196 MW
plus battery storage). In addition, we made advance payments for the rights we secured in
an auction in February 2021 to develop new offshore wind areas in the UK North Sea

(see page 40).

At €80 million, capital expenditure on financial assets was much lower than the high figure
registered in the prior year (€1,073 million), which included our acquisitions of the 20%
stake in the Rampion offshore wind farm and Nordex's European development business
(see page 43 of the 2020 Annual Report).

59

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021

Consolidated financial Further information

statements
Workforce* 31Dec 2021 31Dec 2020 +/-
Offshore Wind 1,277 1,119 158
Onshore Wind/ Solar 2,146 2,402 -256
Hydro / Biomass /Gas 2,606 2,667 -61
Supply & Trading 1,804 1,790 14
Other? 467 425 42
Core business 8,300 8,403 -103
Coal/ Nuclear 9,946 11,095 -1,149
RWE Group 18,246 19,498 -1,252

1 Converted to full-time positions.
2. This item exclusively comprises employees of the holding company RWE AG.

Headcount significantly down year on year. As of 31 December 2021, the RWE Group
had 18,246 people on its payroll, of which 13,585 were employed in Germany and

4,661 worked abroad. Part-time positions were considered in these numbers on a pro-rata
basis. Personnel figures were down markedly compared to the end of 2020 (- 1,252). We
recorded a significant decline (- 1,149) in the Coal / Nuclear segment where many employees
accepted early retirement offers as part of the German coal phaseout. Although we created
alarge number of jobs by expanding renewable energy, headcount in our core business declined
somewhat. The main reason for this was that we sold large parts of the Belectric Group.

Staff figures do not include apprentices or trainees. At the end of 2021, 785 young adults
were learning a profession at RWE, compared to 750 in the previous year.


--- Page 38 ---

2
Combined review
of operations

Financial position and net worth

1
To our investors

3
Responsibility statement

2.7 Financial position and net worth

Our financial position and net worth continued to improve in 2021. Even though we
invested ns in the expansion of renewables, our net debt fell to less than zero. As of
the balance-sheet date, the RWE Group posted net assets of €360 million. This pleasing
development was particularly thanks to our strong cash flow from operating activities.
Our robust credit ratings also underline how strong our financial positi The
agencies Moody’s and Fitch raised RWE’s credit rating by one notch last year. Our
current long-term ratings are investment grade, at Baa2 and BBB+ respectively.

RWE AG bears responsibility for procuring funds. Responsibility for Group financing is
centralised at RWE AG. As the parent company, RWE AG is responsible for acquiring funds
from banks or the financial markets. Subsidiaries only raise debt capital directly in specific
cases, for example if it is advantageous economically to make use of local credit and capital
markets. RWE AG also acts as a co-ordinator when subsidiaries assume contingent
liabilities. This allows us to manage and monitor financial risks centrally. Moreover, it
strengthens our position when negotiating with banks, business partners, suppliers and
customers.

Tools for raising debt capital. We cover most of our financing needs with earnings from
our operating activities. In addition, we have a wide range of tools to procure debt capital:

+ Our Debt Issuance Programme (DIP) gives us latitude in raising debt capital for the long
term. Our current DIP allows us to issue bonds with a total face value of up to €10 billion.
By issuing three green bonds, we exercised this financing option in 2021 for the first time
in six years.

60

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

For short-term refinancing, we have a Commercial Paper Programme, which was updated
in 2021. It allows us to raise funds equivalent to up to €5 billion on the money market.
During the past fiscal year, we accessed a large portion of this funding volume: at times,

a total of up to €3 billion in commercial paper was outstanding.

To secure our liquidity, we also have access to a €5 billion syndicated credit line extended
by a consortium of 27 international banks. It consists of two tranches: one of €2 billion,
which expires in April 2022, and one of €3 billion, which is available through to April 2026.
At our initiative, sustainability criteria were added to the conditions of the second tranche
last year. Among other things, the conditions now depend on the development of the
following three indicators: the share of renewables in RWE's generation portfolio, the CO2
intensity of our plants and the percentage of our capex that is classified as sustainable in
accordance with the EU taxonomy regulation. We have set goals for all three of these
criteria. If we do not achieve the targets, we will have to pay higher interest and
commitment fees. Half of the additional expenses would be directed to non-profit
organisations. This new structure for the credit line underlines our commitment to our
emissions reduction strategy.

Green bonds worth €1,850 million issued. For the first time ever, RWE AG issued green
bonds in 2021. In June, we placed a 10-year bond with a nominal volume of €500 million
and an annual coupon of 0.625 %, followed by two issues in November: a 7-year bond of
€750 million and a 12-year bond of €600 million, with annual coupons of 0.5% and 1.0%,
respectively. Additional information on these three debt securities can be found on page 21.
The proceeds of green bonds are tied to specific purposes. We will use these funds
exclusively for wind and solar projects.


--- Page 39 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements

Financial position and net worth

Bond volume rises to €2.4 billion. RWE bonds with a total face value equivalent to Cash flow statement? 2021 2020 +/-
€2.4 billion were outstanding at the end of 2021, versus €0.6 billion in the previous year. €million
The significant increase was due to the aforementioned issues. Along with the three green Funds from operations 7,103 4,108 2,995
bonds, RWE still has two outstanding hybrid bonds: one of €282 million with a 3.5% coupon Change in working capital 171 17 154
and one of US$317 million with a 6.625 % coupon. Due to early buybacks in October 2017, Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations 7,274 4,125 3,149
the outstanding amounts are below the issuance volumes of €550 million and 7 Dae Te ,

Cash flows from investing activities of continuing operations -7,738 -4,278 -3,460

US$500 million. The earliest redemption dates for the two hybrid bonds are in April 2025
and March 2026, respectively.

Cash flows from financing activities of continuing operations 1,457 1,769 -312

Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates and other changes

in value on cash and cash equivalents 58 -34 92
Credit rating of RWE AG Moody's Fitch Total net changes in cash and cash equivalents 1,051 1,582 -531
As of March 2022 Current Previous Current Previous
Long-term debt Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations 7,274 4,125 3,149
Senior debt Baa2 Baa BBB+ BBB Minus capital expenditure -3,769 3,358 -411
Subordinated debt (hybrid bonds) Bal Ba2 BBB- BB+ Plus proceeds from divestitures / asset disposals 1,057 365 692
Short-term debt p2 P-3 Fl F2  Freecash flow 4,562 1,132 3,430
Outlook Stable Positive Stable Stable 1 Allitems solely relate to continuing operations; some prior-year figures restated due to a change in the recognition
of tax benefits to subsidise renewables in the USA (see commentary on page 47).
Solid investment grade rating. The conditions at which we can raise debt largely depend Robust improvement in operating cash flow. Our cash flows from operating activities of
on rating agencies’ assessment of our creditworthiness. Moody's and Fitch make such continuing operations amounted to €7,274 million, clearly exceeding the prior-year figure
evaluations on request from us. In the past year, both agencies raised their credit rating for (€4,125 million). The good earnings situation and the compensation paid to us in November
RWE by one notch. RWE’s long-term creditworthiness is now rated Baa2 (Moody's) and BBB+ 20211 by the German Federal government for the phaseout of nuclear energy had positive
(Fitch), both with a stable outlook. These are investment grade ratings. The ratings for our effects. The main reason for the increase, however, were high margin payments for forward
hybrid bonds and current financial liabilities are now also one level higher (see table above). contracts for electricity, fuel and CO; certificates. RWE concludes contracts of this kind to
Moody's and Fitch cited RWE’s transformation into a leading renewables company as the reduce earnings risk exposure. For exchange-traded derivatives, we first have to provide
reason for the rating improvement. This business is characterised by attractive and an initial margin. Additionally, over the term of the contract, we receive or pay variation
relatively stable earnings. margins, depending on how the market value of the derivative changes. So-called collateral

has to be provided for over-the-counter derivative transactions.

61


--- Page 40 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements

Financial position and net worth

During the year under review, we received a high amount of variation margins, which are Net assets /net debt* 31Dec 2021 31Dec 2020 +/-
included in cash flow from our operating activities. This was contrasted against significant €million
outflows of funds for initial margins and collaterals, which we reported in cash flows from Cash and cash equivalents 5,825 4,774 1,051
financing activities. Marketable securities 8,347 4517 3,830
Other financial assets 12,403 2,507 9,896
Investing activities of continuing operations led to a cash outflow of €7,738 million (previous ,
oye oye . a 7 Financial assets 26,575 11,798 14,777
year: €4,278 million). €3,769 million of this sum stemmed from our capital expenditure on
property, plant and equipment and financial assets. Moreover, we made significant Bonds, other notes payable, bank debt,
. . sy . . . commercial paper -10,704 -2,160 -8,544
investments in securities and an extraordinary increase of the assets used to meet pension
obligations in the amount of €1,092 million. This was contrasted by revenues from the sale Hedging of bond currency risk =? 731 22
of business activities and shareholdings of €1,057 million. The most important transactions —_Other financial liabilities = 7,090 ~ 5,038 ~4,052
were the sale of our stakes in the US wind farms Stella, Cranell, East Raymond and West Financial liabilities -17,803 -5,229 -12,574
Raymond as well as the disposal of the grid connection for the Rampion offshore wind farm Plus 50% of the hybrid capital stated as debt 290 278 12
in the UK (see page 41). Net financial assets
(including correction of hybrid capital) 9,062 6,847 2,215
Financing activities of continuing operations Produced cash inflows of €1,457 million Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 1,934 3,864 1,930
(previous year: €1,769 million). In 2021, we recorded high income from bank loans taken
a . . 5 Surplus of plan assets over benefit obligations 459 172 287
out, the issuance of commercial paper and the three green bonds we issued, which are
discussed on page 60. However, we also had to make substantial payments for initial Provisions for nuclear waste management 6,029 ~6,451 422
margins and collaterals. Outflows of funds were also registered due to dividend payments Provisions for dismantling wind farms -1,198 -1,136 -62
to RWE shareholders and minority shareholders. Net assets (+) /net debt (-) 360 -4,432 4,792

On balance, the aforementioned cash flows from operating, investing and financin 1. Mining provisions are not included in net debt. The same holds true for the assets which we attribute to them.
2 Ps 9 9 g At present, this includes our 15% stake in E.ON and our claim for state compensation for the German lignite

activities increased our cash and cash equivalents by €1,051 million. phaseout in the amount of €2.6 billion.
Cash flows from operating activities, less capital expenditures, plus proceeds from

divestments and asset disposals, results in free cash flow. This amounted to €4,562 million,
up substantially on the prior-year figure (€1,132 million).

62


--- Page 41 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review

of operations

Financial position and net worth

3
Responsibility statement

Net assets of €360 million. Our net debt declined by €4,792 million versus the previous
year (€4,432 million). As a result of this, we posted a net asset position of €360 million as of
31 December 2021. The main reason for this was the excellent free cash flow. The market-
driven increase in the discount rates we use to calculate the present value of pension
obligations also played a role, as it resulted in a decline in provisions for pensions. A similar
effect was exerted by the income generated from managing the plan assets for our pension
obligations. While the aforementioned extraordinary funding of these assets in the amount
of €1,092 million caused provisions to decline, it was coupled with a corresponding outflow
of funds and thus did not result in a reduction of debt. Dividend payments lowered our net
financial position by €730 million.

Leverage factor below zero. One of our key management parameters is the ratio of net
debt to the adjusted EBITDA of the core business, also referred to as the leverage factor.
This figure is more indicative than total liabilities, as it also reflects earning power and
therefore our ability to meet our debt obligations. We set the upper limit for the leverage
factor at 3.0 in order to secure our financial flexibility. As the RWE Group did not have any
net debt as of the balance-sheet date and posted a net asset position, this indicator was
below zero. However, the leverage factor should increase in the medium term, above all due
to growth investments in our green core business, which we will also finance using debt
capital.

63

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Moderate decline in off-balance-sheet fuel purchase obligations. Net debt does not
include our off-balance-sheet obligations, which largely stem from long-term purchase
agreements for fuel and electricity. As of the balance-sheet date, our payment obligations
from material fuel procurement contracts amounted to €22.3 billion (previous year:

€23.6 billion). In relation to electricity procurement, they amounted to €7.1 billion and were
thus as high as in 2020. The figures are based on assumptions regarding the prospective
development of commodity prices. Our purchase commitments rose from €2.1 billion to
€5.6 billion over the course of the year. Further off-balance-sheet obligations result, inter
alia, from liabilities for pension commitments that employees of our former subsidiary
innogy had earned at RWE up to its IPO in 2016.

Sharp increase in balance-sheet total due to temporary effects from commodity
derivatives. At 31 December 2021, the Group balance sheet was strongly influenced by
changes in commodity derivatives. They rose by €56.4 billion on the assets side and
€68.2 billion on the liabilities side. This was driven by the extreme increase in prices of
electricity and natural gas. The increase in these derivatives was the main reason that the
balance-sheet total of €142.3 billion was more than twice as high as in 2020 (€61.6 billion).
Another reason for this development was that we raised a large amount of debt capital.
Among other things, the funds were used to collateralise derivative transactions, which
resulted in a corresponding build-up of receivables. At €17.0 billion, our equity was slightly
below last year's level. The equity ratio amounted to 11.9%. Due to the increase in the
balance-sheet total, this figure was significantly lower compared to 2020 (28.7 %).


--- Page 42 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Financial position and net worth

3

Responsibility statement

4
Consolidated financial
statements

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2021

Group balance sheet structure* 31 Dec 2021 31 Dec 2020 31 Dec 2021 31 Dec 2020
€ million % € million % € million % € million %
Assets Equity and liabilities
Equity 16,996 119 17,706 28.7
Non-current assets 38,863 273 34,418 55.8 Non-current liabilities 28,306 19.9 27,435 445
of which: of which:
Intangible assets 5,884 41 4,899 79 Provisions 16,943 119 19,470 316
Property, plant and equipment 19,984 14.0 17,902 29.0 Financial liabilities 6,798 48 3,951 64
Current assets 103,446 727 27,224 44.2 Current liabilities 97,007 68.2 16,501 268
of which: of which:
Trade accounts receivable 6,470 45 3,007 49 Provisions 4,268 3.0 3,004 49
Receivables and Financial liabilities 10,996 77 1,247 20
other assets 79,626 56.0 12,531 203 Trade accounts payable 4,428 3.1 2,387 39
Marketable securities 8,040 5.6 4,219 68 Other liabilities 77,315 54.4 9,282 15.1
Assets held for sale 657 05 1,061 17 Liabilities held for sale = = 581 09
Total 142,309 100.0 61,642 100.0 _ Total 142,309 100.0 61,642 100.0

1 Some prior-year figures restated due to a retroactive change in the recognition of tax benefits to subsidise renewables in the USA (see page 47) and retroactive adjustments to the first-time consolidation of operations which RWE acquired

from Nordex in 2020 (see page 95).

64


--- Page 43 ---

2

Combined review

of operations

Notes to the financial statements
of RWE AG (holding company)

1
To our investors

3
Responsibility statement

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

2.8 Notes to the financial statements of RWE AG (holding company)

The financial statements of RWE AG are significantly influenced by the business
performance of its subsidiaries. In sum, the profit transfers of these companies recorded
an increase in 2021. This was contrasted by an impairment recognised for a subsidiary.
We posted positive developments in other income and expenses as well as in net
interest. Overall, RWE AG’s earnings position has therefore improved: at €1,108 million,
RWE AG's net profit was substantially higher than in 2020. We intend to raise the
dividend and will therefore propose a payment of €0.90 per share to the Annual
General Meeting taking place in April 2022. This constitutes an increase of €0.05
versus last year.

Balance sheet of RWE AG (abridged) 31Dec2021 31Dec 2020 +/-
€ million

Assets

Financial assets 17,866 20,524 -2,658
Accounts receivable from affiliated companies 7,922 2,094 5,828
Other accounts receivable and other assets 616 519 97
Marketable securities and cash and cash equivalents 11,709 6,664 5,045
Total assets 38,113 29,801 8,312
Equity and liabilities

Equity 8,359 7,826 533
Provisions 2,245 1,996 249
Accounts payable to affiliated companies 18,743 18,905 -162
Other liabilities 8,766 1,074 7,692
Total equity and liabilities 38,113 29,801 8,312

65

Income statement of RWE AG (abridged) 2021 2020 +/-
€ million

Income from financial assets 378 1,114 -736
Net interest 318 -72 390
Other income and expenses 132 -712 844
Taxes on income 280 250 30
Net profit 1,108 580 528
Transfer to other retained earnings -499 -5 -494
Distributable profit 609 575 34

Financial statements in accordance with German commercial law. RWE AG prepares
its financial statements in compliance with the rules set out in the German Commercial
Code and the German Stock Corporation Act. The financial statements are submitted

to Bundesanzeiger Verlag GmbH, located in Cologne, Germany, which publishes them in
the Federal Gazette. They are available on the internet at www.rwe.com/financial-reports.

Assets. RWE AG had €38.1 billion in total assets as of 31 December 2021 (previous year:
€29.8 billion). Accounts receivable from affiliated companies registered a significant rise.
This was mainly because we made cash and cash equivalents available to our subsidiary
RWE Supply & Trading as collateral for commodity forward transactions. We also posted
significant increases in ‘marketable securities and cash and cash equivalents’ and ‘other
liabilities. In the year under review, we increased our liabilities significantly by way of bank
loans, commercial paper and green bonds. These funds were, inter alia, used to secure
liquidity, with a portion thereof, e.g. the proceeds generated by bonds issued, earmarked for
growth investments. RWE AG's equity rose by €533 million to €8,359 million. However, the
equity ratio decreased from 26.3% to 21.9 %, due to the increase in the balance sheet total.


--- Page 44 ---

2

Combined review

of operations

Notes to the financial statements
of RWE AG (holding company)

1
To our investors

3
Responsibility statement

Financial position. RWE AG is set up solidly in economic terms with high levels of cash and
cash equivalents and a number of financing tools at its disposal that it can use flexibly.
Accordingly, rating agencies Moody's and Fitch classify our creditworthiness as ‘investment
grade’ Last year, they both raised our respective credit rating by one level to Baa2 (Moody's)
and BBB+ (Fitch). You can find detailed information on RWE's financial situation and on our
financing activities in the year under review on pages 60 et seqq.

Earnings position. RWE AG's earnings position improved compared to 2020. The main
items on the income statement developed as follows:

+ Income from financial assets dropped by €736 million to €378 million. One reason for
this was an impairment loss recognised in relation to our stake in RWE Power. However,
this company’s profit transfer was higher than in 2020, which was attributable to
improved generation margins and lower charges resulting from impairments,
depreciation and amortisation. RWE Nuclear also gained considerable ground. This was
due to the compensation we received from the German government for the nuclear
phaseout (see page 36). By contrast, income from our stake in RWE Supply & Trading
decreased.

Net interest increased by €390 million to €318 million. This was in part due to a rise in
capital gains from the management of plan assets used to cover our pension obligations
and was further boosted by interest claims relating to tax refunds for earlier assessment
periods.

The ‘other income and expenses line item improved by €844 million to €132 million. In
the year under review, we recognised write-backs for financial accounts receivable from
a Dutch subsidiary. This reversed impairments in previous years to some extent.

66

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

In 2021, we recorded tax income of €280 million (previous year: €250 million). This is

largely due to the aforementioned tax refunds for earlier assessment periods.

Versus 2020 (€580 million), the presented earnings figures led to a considerably higher
net profit of €1,108 million.

The distributable profit of €609 million corresponds to the planned payment of a dividend
of €0.90 per share to our shareholders.

Outlook for 2022. RWE AG's earnings prospects will largely depend on the business
performance of its subsidiaries. Our current assessment makes us confident that we will
achieve a net profit in 2022 that offers the necessary margins for the intended dividend of
€0.90. However, it is unlikely to match the level achieved in 2021.

Corporate governance declaration in accordance with Sections 289f and 315d of the
German Commercial Code. On 15 February 2022, the Executive Board and the Supervisory
Board of RWE AG issued its Corporate Governance Declaration in accordance with Sections
289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code. The declaration contains the Corporate
Governance Report and has been published at www.rwe.com/corporate-governance-

declaration.


--- Page 45 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Outlook

2.9 Outlook

We are confident of being able to pick up where we left off last year in terms of our
earnings position. As things stand, we anticipate adjusted EBITDA of €3.6 billion to
€4.0 billion. Our core business is expected to close fiscal 2022 up on last year’s
earnings, which had been heavily impacted by the extreme weather conditions in Texas.
The commissioning of new generation capacities is set to have a positive effect. We also
expect to see improved electricity margins and better wind conditions. After last year’s
extraordinarily successful energy trading performance, we anticipate income to
normalise. Not yet included in our forecast is the fallout of the Ukraine conflict, which is
difficult to assess. How events unfold and how sanctions against Russia affect
European energy supply may have a significant impact on our business.

Ukraine crisis puts economic growth at risk. Forecasts concerning the economic
development in our core markets are linked to considerable uncertainties related to the
Ukraine conflict. Estimates available when the combined review of operations was written
had been compiled before the war broke out. Based on these figures, world economic
output could increase by about 4% in 2022. Growth rates forecast for the Eurozone,
Germany and the USA are of a similar order, while those for the United Kingdom and the
Netherlands are expected to reach 3%. Should energy prices remain extremely high due to
the Ukraine conflict, then the economy may well prove to be less dynamic.

Rise in electricity consumption anticipated. Higher economic output is generally
associated with additional demand for electricity. However, this is contrasted by continued
energy savings which will probably have a slightly dampening effect. Provided the
aforementioned economic prognoses prove to be accurate, demand for electricity in our
key markets Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and the USA should be between 1% and 3%
higher than in 2021.

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Our power production for 2022 has already largely been sold forward. Wholesale
electricity prices rose considerably last year, surging again in early 2022 due to the Ukraine
conflict. Their development during the current year is impossible to predict, but market
fluctuations would only have a moderate impact on this year’s generation margins as we
have already largely sold forward our electricity production for 2022 and hedged the prices
of the required fuel and CO3 emission allowances. These transactions have been concluded
up to three years ahead, and already reflect the rise in electricity prices in 2021 to a limited
extent. A large portion of electricity generated by RWE wind farms, where revenue is market-
dependant, has also already been sold forward.

Forecast 2021actual Outlook for 2022
€ million
Adjusted EBITDA 3,650 3,600-4,000
of which:
Core business 2,761 2,900-3,300
of which:
Offshore Wind 1,110 1,350-1,600
Onshore Wind / Solar 258 650-800
Hydro / Biomass /Gas 731 700-900
Supply & Trading 769 150-350
Coal / Nuclear 889 650-750
Adjusted EBIT 2,185 2,000-2,400
Adjusted net income 1,569 1,300-1,700

67


--- Page 46 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Outlook

2022 adjusted EBITDA of €3.6 billion to €4.0 billion expected. Subject to the risks
associated with the Ukraine conflict, which are difficult to gauge, we expect this year's
business performance to pick up where we left off in terms of our good operating result in
2021. We forecast adjusted EBITDA for the Group of €3,600 million to €4,000 million
(previous year: €3,650 million) for 2022 and envisage a range of €2,900 million to
€3,300 million in the core business, thus exceeding last year's figure (€2,761 million) which
had been heavily burdened by an extreme cold snap in Texas in February 2021. We assume
the commissioning of new wind and solar farms and higher electricity margins to have

a positive effect on earnings. Moreover, we expect to see average wind speeds, which would
improve the utilisation of our wind farms compared to 2021, which was a low-wind year.

By contrast, we may well fall short of the very good result achieved in the energy trading
business last year. We anticipate a decline in EBITDA outside of the core business, i.e. in the
Coal/ Nuclear segment, due to decommissioning of generation capacities, in particular the
closure of the Gundremmingen C nuclear power station as of 31 December 2021.

Based on anticipated operating depreciation and amortisation of approximately

€1,600 million, adjusted EBIT should range between €2,000 million and €2,400 million
(last year: €2,185 million). Net income, which excludes major exceptional effects, is
expected to total between €1,300 million and €1,700 million (last year: €1,569 million).
We explain how this key figure is calculated on page 58.

Our outlook broken down by segment is as follows:

+ Offshore Wind: Adjusted EBITDA in this business is forecast to total between €1,350 million
and €1,600 million (last year: €1,110 million). We expect the full commissioning of the
Triton Knoll wind farm to play an important part. In addition, the first full consolidation of
the Rampion wind farm for the year as a whole is also likely to have a positive effect.
Furthermore, we anticipate higher margins than last year and expect utilisation of our
assets to improve due to the weather.

68

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

+ Onshore Wind / Solar: Our prognosis for this segment is adjusted EBITDA of €650 million
to €800 million, clearly surpassing last year's level (€258 million). The main contributing
factor will be the non-recurrence of the one-off burden due to the cold snap in Texas
in 2021. In addition, we anticipate higher generation volumes due to the commissioning
of new generation capacity and more favourable wind conditions. Higher generation
margins will also help earnings to rise. This will be contrasted by an increase in expenditure
on the development of growth projects. Furthermore, last year's result included capital
gains on the sale of majority stakes in Texan wind farms, which will not recur.

Hydro / Biomass / Gas: Here, we forecast adjusted EBITDA of €700 million to

€900 million. Therefore, the segment stands a good chance of closing 2022 up on last
year's figure (€731 million). Higher margins on electricity forward sales will play a
significant role. Moreover, we expect capital gains from the sale of a former power plant
site in the United Kingdom. Conversely, income from the commercial optimisation of
power plant dispatch may well fall short of the high level achieved in 2021. Payments
from the British capacity market will also decline. An unscheduled outage at the Dutch
Claus C gas-fired power station is also expected to have a negative effect.

Supply & Trading: Earnings in this segment are difficult to predict due to the high volatility
of the trading business. Assuming that business develops normally, adjusted EBITDA
should range between €150 million and €350 million. In this case, it would be
substantially below the unusually high level recorded last year (€769 million).

+ Coal/Nuclear: Here, we anticipate a decrease in adjusted EBITDA to between
€650 million and €750 million (last year: €889 million). The main reason for this is the
closure of the Gundremmingen C nuclear power station and five lignite units in 2021.
This will be contrasted by positive effects stemming from cost savings.


--- Page 47 ---

1 2 3 4

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial
of operations statements
Outlook

Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment markedly up on last year. In
comparison to 2021 (€3,689 million), we plan on substantially increasing our property,
plant and equipment and intangible asset investments. Considerable funds will be allocated
to building the Kaskasi and Sofia offshore wind farms near Heligoland and in the UK North
Sea, respectively. Further investments will be made in wind, solar and battery projects in the
USA and Europe as well as the construction of a gas-fired power station at Biblis, which is
needed to stabilise the electricity grid. Outside of the core business, in the Coal / Nuclear
segment, we plan to spend about €200 million on property, plant and equipment, mainly to
maintain our power stations and opencast mines.

Leverage factor to stay below upper limit of 3.0. One of our key management parameters
is the ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA of the core business, also referred to as the
leverage factor. As explained on page 63, the leverage factor fell below zero in 2021.
However, it will probably rise again in the long run. This is largely on account of our planned
growth investments, a portion of which we will finance by raising debt capital. It is virtually
impossible to make leverage factor forecasts for individual years primarily due to the
significant liquidity fluctuations that can result from the collateralisation of commodity
forward transactions. Nevertheless in 2022, we anticipate this key performance indicator to
be clearly below 3.0, i.e. the cap we have set for it.

Dividend for fiscal 2022. The Executive Board of RWE AG aims to pay a dividend of €0.90
per share for the 2022 financial year. This corresponds to the dividend that we intend to
propose to the Annual General Meeting on 28 April 2022 for fiscal 2021.

69

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2021


--- Page 48 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

2.10 Development of risks and opportunities

RWE’s transformation into a growth company in the green economy has improved our
risk-opportunity profile. Thanks to the predominantly high, stable revenues that can be
generated with renewables, not only are we more profitable, we are also more resilient.
However, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has given rise to new uncertainties. What this
conflict will mean for the energy industry and the development of RWE’s business is
impossible to predict. The German government's plans to accelerate the phaseout of
coal-based power generation also pose a risk and could be associated with significant
financial burdens for RWE. However, if framework conditions prove favourable, they
also offer us the chance to proceed more quickly towards climate neutrality.

Distribution of risk management tasks at RWE. Responsibility for Group risk management
lies with the parent company RWE AG. Its Executive Board monitors and manages the
Group's overall risk. In addition, it determines the general risk appetite of RWE and

defines upper limits for single risk positions. At the level below the Executive Board, the
Controlling & Risk Management Department has the task of applying and constantly refining
the risk management system. It derives detailed limits for the individual business fields and
operating units from the risk caps set by the Executive Board. Its tasks also include checking
the identified risks for completeness and plausibility and aggregating them. In so doing, it
receives support from the Risk Management Committee, which is composed of the heads
of the following five RWE AG departments: (1) Controlling & Risk Management (Chair),

(2) Finance & Credit Risk, (3) Accounting, (4) Legal, Compliance & Insurance, and

(5) Strategy & Sustainability. The Controlling & Risk Management Department provides the
Executive Board and the Supervisory Board of RWE AG with regular reports on the
company’s risk exposure.

70

Anumber of additional organisational units and committees have been entrusted with risk
management tasks:

+ Financial risks and credit risks are managed by the Finance & Credit Risk Department of
RWEAG.

+ The Accounting Department ensures that financial reporting is free of material
misstatements. It has an accounting-related internal control system for this purpose.
Acommittee consisting of officers from Accounting and other departments of relevance
to accounting assists in securing the quality of financial reporting. More detailed
information can be found on page 79.

Risks from changes in commodity prices are monitored by RWE Supply & Trading in so

far as they relate to the conventional electricity generation, energy trading and gas
businesses. Where these risks relate to the renewable energy business, they are managed
by RWE Renewables.

Strategies to limit market risks in conventional electricity generation must be approved

by the Commodity Management Committee. This expert panel consists of the CFO of
RWE AG, members of the Board of Directors of RWE Supply & Trading and a representative
of the Controlling & Risk Management Department.

We also have a committee tasked with mitigating market risks associated with the
renewable energy business. The Renewables Commodity Management Committee
consists of the CFO of RWE AG, members of the management of RWE Renewables and
a representative of the Controlling & Risk Management Department.


--- Page 49 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements
Development of risks

and opportunities

Under the expert management of the aforementioned organisational units, RWE AG and RWE AG risk matrix
its subsidiaries are responsible for identifying risks early, assessing them correctly and

managing them in compliance with corporate standards. Internal Audit regularly verifies Potential damage?

the quality and functionality of our risk management system. The Executive Board formally
establishes the Group's risk bearing capacity. This took place by way of a resolution dated

Category V
23 November 2021.
Risk identification and assessment. Risks and opportunities are defined as negative or Category IV
positive deviations from expected figures. Their management is an integral and continuous
part of operating processes. We assess risks every six months, using a bottom-up analysis. Category Ill
We also monitor risk exposure between the regular survey dates. The Executive Board of
RWE AG is immediately notified of any material changes. Our executive and supervisory Category Il
bodies are updated on the Group's risks once a quarter.
Category |
Our risk analysis normally covers the three-year horizon of our medium-term plan, but can
extend beyond that in individual cases. We measure the potential damage based on the 1%<Ps10%  10%<Ps20%  20%<Ps 50% 50% <P
possible effects on net income, liquidity, net debt and/or equity. In doing so, we take hedges Probability of occurrence (P)

into account. We define the potential damage as the deviation from the budgeted figure in - - - a
question, aggregated over the planning horizon. m™ Lowrisk ml Mediumrisk lll High risk
We display the material risks using a matrix (see chart on the right) in which they are
categorised by potential damage and probability of occurrence. Risks that share the same Potential damage* —_ Earnings risks Indebtedness / equity risks

cause are aggregated to a single risk, if possible. To clearly assign them to the matrix fields, Potential impact on Potential impact on liquidity,
; iy . ; € million net income (x) net debt and/or equity (Y)

we have established damage potential thresholds, which are oriented towards the

RWE Groups ability to bear risks. They are presented in the table below the matrix. Category V 8,000 = X 8,000 = ¥

Depending on their position in the matrix, we distinguish between low, medium and high risks. _CategorylV 1,500 < X< 8,000 4,000 < Y < 8,000

Based on this systematic risk identification, we determine whether there is a need for action Category III 600 = X< 1,500 2,000 < Y< 4,000

and initiate measures to mitigate the risks if necessary. Category II 300 < X< 600 1,000 < Y< 2,000
Category! X< 300 Y< 1,000

1 Aggregated over the planning horizon.

71


--- Page 50 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

As set out earlier, the focus of the risk analysis described in this chapter lies on the three-
year horizon of our medium-term plan. In 2017, the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD), a panel of experts, recommended that companies consider time
horizons that go far above and beyond this when identifying and assessing climate-related
risks. RWE implements the TCFD proposals. We explain how we do this in our 2021
Sustainability Report, which will be published in April 2022 and will then be available at

In this section, we provide commentary on the main risks and opportunities we have
identified for this and the next two years and explain what measures have been taken to

Risk classes Classification of the highest single risk
31 Dec 2021 31 Dec 2020
Market risks Medium Medium
Regulatory and political risks High Medium
Legal risks Low Low
Operational risks Medium Medium — www.rwe.com/sustainability-report.
Financial risks Medium Medium
Creditworthiness of business partners Medium Medium
Other risks Low Medium

Main risks for the RWE Group. Depending on their causes, our risks can be divided into
seven classes, which are shown in the table. The highest individual risk determines the
classification of the risk of the entire risk class. Our classification of risks reflects the
situation in early March 2022. It was not possible to predict the impact of the Ukraine
conflict at this time. The following changes have been made versus last year’s risk
classification:

+ We adjusted the classification of our regulatory and political risks upwards from ‘medium’
to ‘high. One reason for this is the plan of the new government coalition, made up of the
Social Democrats, the Green Party and the Free Democrats, to accelerate the German
coal phaseout without granting the affected companies compensation. Far-reaching EU
sanctions against Russia could also have a significant impact on our business.

+ We reclassified our ‘other risks’ from ‘medium to ‘low’ because the economic impact of the
coronavirus pandemic has become more manageable. Previously, we believed our single-
largest other risk was that a reduction in demand for energy caused by the pandemic
would cause electricity prices to drop over the long term and we would thus have to
recognise impairments for generation assets. Now we feel that this is unlikely.

72

counter the threat of negative developments.

+ Market risks. In most of the countries in which we are active, the energy sector is
characterised by the free formation of prices. This presents both opportunities and risks.
Over the course of the past year, prices quoted in our key European electricity forward
markets hit an all-time high. As a result, the earnings prospects of our generation assets
became considerably more favourable. If limits are placed on Russian natural gas imports
in the long term due to the Ukraine conflict, then energy prices should remain at a high
level. However, there is a possibility that the economy will fall into a recession and that
electricity prices will drop again.

With regard to power and gas purchase agreements, if the conditions are not coupled to
the development of wholesale prices, there is a risk of having to pay more for the product
than we can earn when selling it. This may force us to form provisions to cover this risk.

We have identified such a risk inherent in the two contracts we concluded to purchase
electricity from the Datteln 4 hard coal-fired power plant in 2005 and 2006. The station
was commissioned by energy group Uniper in mid-2020, ten years later than planned. We
were unsuccessful in taking legal recourse against the continuation of the agreements.

A further legal dispute regarding certain contractual provisions with Uniper is still pending.


--- Page 51 ---

1

To our investors

2 3
Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Development of risks
and opportunities

RWE has a long-term gas purchase agreement with Russian energy group Gazprom.
What the Ukraine crisis will mean for this contract remains to be seen. We have the option
to negotiate contractual changes depending on market conditions during price reviews,
should it remain effective. In the past, this has enabled us to mitigate our earnings risk
exposure from the contract.

We assess the price risks to which we are exposed on the procurement and supply
markets taking account of current forward prices and expected volatility. For our power
plants and parts of our renewable energy portfolio, we limit the earnings risks by selling

a large portion of the electricity forward. Whenever we need fuel and CO3 emission
allowances to produce power, we secure the respective prices when we sell the electricity.
This makes it easier for us to plan generation margins in coming years. However, if we sell
too much electricity forward, we run the risk of having to make expensive purchases on
the market to fulfil supply commitments in the event of production outages. An example
of such a situation was the extreme cold snap in Texas in February 2021, on which we
report on page 43. The consequences of this weather event prompted us to review and
optimise our hedging strategy.

We also use financial instruments to hedge our commodity positions. In the consolidated
financial statements, these instruments are inter alia presented through the statement of
on-balance-sheet hedges. The same applies to financial instruments serving the purpose
of limiting interest rate and currency risks. More detailed information on this can be found
on pages 105 and 158 et seqq. in the Notes.

RWE Supply & Trading plays a central role when it comes to managing commodity price
risks. It Functions as the Group's interface to the global wholesale markets for electricity
and energy commodities. On behalf of our power plant companies, RWE Supply & Trading
markets large portions of our electricity output and purchases the necessary fuel and CO3
certificates. Since RWE Supply & Trading acts as the internal transaction partner it is easier
for us to limit the risks associated with price volatility on energy markets. However, the
trading transactions are not exclusively intended to reduce risks. In compliance with risk
thresholds, the company also takes commodity positions to achieve a profit.

73

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2021

Our risk management system for energy trading is firmly aligned with best practice as
applied to the trading businesses of banks. As part of this, transactions with third parties
are concluded only if the associated risks are within approved limits. There are guidelines
governing the treatment of commodity price risks and associated credit risks. Our
subsidiaries constantly monitor their commodity positions. Risks associated with trades
conducted by RWE Supply & Trading for its own account are monitored daily.

The Value at Risk (VaR) is of central importance for risk measurement in trading. It
specifies the maximum loss from a risk position not exceeded with a predetermined
probability over a predefined period of time. The RWE Group's VaR figures are generally
based on a confidence interval of 95% and a holding period of one day. This means that,
with a probability of 95 %, the daily loss will not exceed the VaR.

The VaR for the price risks of commodity positions in the trading business should not
exceed a certain daily cap. In the past, this upper limit was initially set at €40 million, but
was increased by €10 million at the beginning of 2021 and again in early 2022. In the
period under review, the actual amounts averaged €32 million. The daily maximum was
€50 million. In addition, limits derived from the respective VaR thresholds have been set
for every trading desk. Furthermore, we develop extreme scenarios and factor them into
stress tests, determine their impact on earnings, and take countermeasures if we deem
the risks to be too high.

The management of our gas portfolio and the liquefied natural gas (LNG) business is
pooled in a dedicated organisational unit at RWE Supply & Trading. During the past year,
the daily VaR cap for these activities was raised from €14 million to €25 million. We used
amaximum of €22 million of this headroom. The average VaR for the year was €8 million.

The massive price spikes recently observed in energy trading could continue due to the
Ukraine conflict. Nevertheless, our market risks remain unchanged in the ‘medium’
category.


--- Page 52 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Development of risks
and opportunities

+ Regulatory and political risks. Most countries in which we are active have set their sights
on ambitious climate protection goals. A number of them, including Germany, have
recently introduced more stringent objectives. To meet these targets, they will need to
continue to improve the framework for renewable energy and green hydrogen. For
companies such as RWE, which have designed their business model around the energy
transition, this is associated with opportunities for growth. At the same time, our
ambitious carbon-reduction strategy has meant that regulatory interventions to improve
climate protection are no longer associated with such high risks.

Nevertheless, changes to political and regulatory frameworks can severely impact us. The
Ukraine crisis, in particular, is currently associated with risks. For example, there is the
possibility that Russian commodities suppliers are no longer able to meet their obligations
due to the sanctions against Russia, forcing us to procure these commodities on the
market at high prices. It cannot be ruled out that contractual partners become insolvent
because of the sanctions. Moreover, in core markets such as Germany, politicians could
intervene with regulatory measures to secure energy supply and stabilise consumer
prices. It is not yet possible to foresee what effects this could have on RWE.

Acore component of Germany's climate protection strategy is reducing coal-fired
electricity generation to zero by 2038. In exchange for closing our lignite assets early, we
are due €2.6 billion in compensation, which is still pending approval under EU state aid
law. There is now talk of the exit roadmap being expedited. Germany's new government
has announced that it ideally wants electricity generation from coal to end as early

as 2030 and that it does not intend to grant affected companies any additional
compensation. This would impose considerable financial burdens on RWE. However, the
accelerated coal phaseout also presents us with opportunities as it presupposes more
favourable framework conditions for the construction of environmentally friendly
replacement plants, while the expansion of renewables would also have to be ramped up.
This would benefit the implementation of our growth strategy. Moreover, the government
might pay us compensation after all.

74

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2021

We are also exposed to risks associated with the coal phaseout in the Netherlands,

where a law was passed in 2019 that prevents us from using hard coal in Amer 9 and
Eemshaven as of 2025 and 2030, respectively. There are no plans to offer compensation.
We accept the coal phaseout, but do not believe it is just that the law does not provide for
any remuneration for this intervention in companies property rights. Given the lack of
concessions by Dutch policymakers, we have submitted an application for arbitration
proceedings in accordance with the Energy Charter Treaty with the International Centre
for Settlement of Investment Disputes in Washington. We hope this will give us the
opportunity to receive financial compensation. In addition to the coal phaseout, the
Netherlands introduced a cap on coal firing in power plants, which will apply from 2022 to
2024. We are likely to be awarded compensation in relation to this measure, however it is
not yet clear how much it will be. Furthermore, the EU Commission will still need to
approve it under state aid law.

Although the renewable energy business is characterised by fairly stable framework
conditions and wide public acceptance, political uncertainties exist in this area as well.
Adjustments to state subsidy schemes may result in reductions in payments and new
projects losing their appeal. This can lead to investment undertakings being broken off.
Itis also conceivable that firmly pledged state payments may be cut retrospectively. In
the dialogue we maintain with policymakers, we point out that companies which invest in
building sustainable, climate-friendly energy infrastructure need reliable framework
conditions.

Even in the present regulatory environment, we are exposed to risks associated with, for
instance, approvals for constructing and operating production facilities. This particularly
affects our opencast mines, power stations and wind farms. The danger here is that
approvals are granted late or not at all and that granted approvals are withdrawn
temporarily or for good. Furthermore, it cannot be ruled out that the courts will
legislatively prohibit the transfer of land that has been assigned to us in the vicinity of our
opencast mines.


--- Page 53 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

Producers in Germany benefit from lower tax rates on in-house electricity, gas and oil
consumption. RWE also utilises this financial mechanism. The Federal government,
however, intends to reform the legal basis for these benefits in accordance with the EU's
guidelines on climate and environmental protection and state aid for energy. There is a
risk that the new rules will be more restrictive and that we will possibly either receive lower
discounts from 2023, or none at all.

Certain statutory regulations to which we must adhere can be interpreted in various ways
and are therefore in need of legal clarification. One example is the regulation which
exempts us from paying an apportionment under the Renewable Energy Act (EEG) for
electricity that we consume ourselves in our German power stations and opencast mines.
However, the legal situation surrounding the regulation is vague, for example with regard
to the EEG exemption of leased assets. There is a danger that using this exemption may
be limited by Germany's highest court and that back payments may even have to be
made for previous years.

As set out earlier, we have adjusted the assessment of our regulatory and political risks
from ‘medium to ‘high, which is due to the uncertainties associated with the Ukraine
conflict and Germany's coal exit.

+ Legal risks. Individual RWE Group companies are involved in litigation and arbitration
proceedings due to their operations or M&A transactions. Out-of-court claims have been
filed against some of them. Furthermore, Group companies are directly involved in various
procedures with public authorities or are at least affected by their outcomes. To the extent
necessary, we have accrued provisions for possible losses resulting from pending
proceedings before ordinary courts and arbitration courts.

Risks may also result from exemptions and warranties that we granted in connection with
the sale of assets. Exemptions ensure that the seller covers the risks that are identified
within the scope of due diligence, the probability of occurrence of which is, however,
uncertain. In contrast, warranties cover risks that are unknown at the time of sale.

75

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

These hedging instruments are standard practice in sales of companies and equity
holdings.

We currently have low exposure to legal risks. This assessment did not change compared
to the previous year.

Operational risks. RWE operates technologically complex, interconnected generation
assets. Damage and outages can weigh heavily on earnings, as seen in 2021 during the
severe cold snap in the US state of Texas (see page 43). The recent sharp rise in electricity
prices is associated with a higher risk of earnings losses but also presents opportunities
should the utilisation of our assets be higher than anticipated. To mitigate these risks, we
ensure that our supply commitments are not too high, as we may be forced to buy
electricity at a high cost to meet these obligations in case of production outages, for
example. Furthermore, we also regularly maintain our facilities and take out insurance
policies if economically viable.

When production facilities are built and modernised, delays and cost increases can occur,
for example due to logistical bottlenecks or inadequate services provided by suppliers.
The coronavirus pandemic and international trade conflicts have recently proven

to be risk factors. Project delays can cause costs to rise and earnings to be delayed.
Furthermore, delays of renewable energy projects can be disadvantageous to the level of
subsidies they receive. We counter these risks through circumspect planning and diligent
project management.

The COVID-19 pandemic, which has persisted for two years now, continues to expose us
to risks, albeit to a manageable extent. As before, deliveries can be delayed. Theoretically,
itis also conceivable that the reliable operation of our plants may be jeopardised if a large
number of employees goes on sick leave. Thanks to comprehensive preventive measures
and forward-looking emergency plans, so far we have been able to keep all major
operational processes up and running, and we are confident that we can continue doing so.


--- Page 54 ---

1

To our investors

2 3
Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Development of risks
and opportunities

RWE has ambitious growth targets and has increased its investment budgets significantly.
We take care to ensure that our new-build projects and acquisitions satisfy our return
requirements. If positive market developments occur after an investment decision has
been made, electricity revenue and thus also returns can exceed expectations. However,
it is also possible that income achieved through our projects falls short of forecasts and
that prices paid for acquisitions prove to be too high retrospectively. We prepare our
investment decisions by conducting extensive analyses to try and map the financial and
strategic effects as realistically as possible before taking investment decisions. Moreover,
RWE has specific accountability provisions and approval processes in place to prepare
and implement the decisions.

Our business processes are supported by secure data processing systems. Nevertheless,
it is not possible to rule out a lack of availability of IT infrastructure or a breach in data
security. There is also a risk of cyber attacks. The Ukraine crisis may trigger a rise in these
sorts of attacks. We limit our IT risks with high security standards, and groupwide cyber
security training programmes are designed to mitigate them. In addition, we regularly
invest in hardware and software upgrades.

As in the previous year, we classify our operational risks as ‘medium.

Financial risks. Interest rates, foreign exchange rates, securities prices and rates of
inflation are subject to fluctuations, which can be difficult to predict and can have a major
impact on our net worth and earnings.

Changes in interest rates give rise to risks and opportunities in several respects. Market
interest rates, for example, can impact our provisions, as they are the point of reference
for the discount rates used for determining the net present values of obligations. This
means that, all other things being equal, provisions decrease when market interest rates
rise and increase when market interest rates fall. On pages 144 et seq. of the Notes, we
present the effects of changes in interest rates on the net present values of our pension
obligations and on the nuclear and mining provisions.

76

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2021

Rises in market interest rates can lead to reductions in the prices of the securities we hold
and vice versa. This primarily relates to fixed-interest bonds. In 2021, we started

measuring the price risk using a sensitivity analysis. As of the balance-sheet date, an
increase in market interest rates of 100 basis points would have lowered the value of the
bonds on our books by €28 million.

Moreover, interest rates also determine our financing costs. We measure the possible
impact using the Cash Flow at Risk (CFaR), applying a confidence level of 95% anda
holding period of one year. The average CFaR at RWE AG in 2021 was €8 million.

Changes to the general price level can also give rise to risks and opportunities. Rising
inflation can force us to increase the value of our future obligations and raise provisions.
Price increases are particularly detrimental when they are above average in sectors from
which we procure products and services for nuclear waste disposal and recultivating
opencast mine areas.

With our focus on the global expansion of renewables, changes in exchange rates may
increasingly impact our earnings. Companies which are overseen by RWE AG have their
currency risks managed by the parent company. These risks are aggregated to a net
financial position for each currency and hedged using currency derivatives if necessary.
Our foreign currency risks are measured using sensitivity analyses. In the course of such,
we calculate how a 10% change in the exchange rate would affect the value of the
respective foreign currency position. As of the balance-sheet date, the sum total of the
sensitivities amounted to €0.3 million.

Security price fluctuations can have a considerable impact on RWE’s financial assets and
pension funds. In case of a stock market crisis, for example due to the conflict in Ukraine,
we would possibly need to significantly increase our pension provisions in order to
compensate our fund assets potentially losing value. We are also exposed to share price
risks in relation to our 15% stake in E.ON, which had a fair value of €4.8 billion at the end
of 2021.


--- Page 55 ---

To our investors

2 3
Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Development of risks
and opportunities

Risks and opportunities from changes in the price of securities are controlled by a
professional fund management system. Range of action, responsibilities and controls are
set out in internal guidelines which the Group companies are obliged to adhere to when
concluding financial transactions. All financial transactions are recorded using special
software and are monitored by RWE AG.

Collateral pledged for forward transactions also harbours a risk. The amount of the
payments - variation margins in the case of exchange transactions - depends on the
extent to which the contractually agreed prices deviate from market quotations as of the
respective cut-off date. If differences are substantial, then they may weigh heavily on our
liquidity. As set out on page 38 et seq., wholesale prices of electricity, natural gas and COz
emission allowances spiked substantially in 2021. This forced us to pay unusually high
variation margins for electricity forward sales. Thanks to our robust financial position and
use of financing instruments at our disposal, we were always able to provide the required
funds. Another positive factor was that we received significant margin payments in
relation to forward sales of commodities, in particular of COz emission allowances.

The conditions at which we finance our debt capital are in part dependent on the credit
ratings we receive from independent rating agencies. As set out on page 61, Moody's
and Fitch place our creditworthiness in the investment grade category. If our rating
deteriorates, we may incur additional costs if we have to raise debt capital. This would
probably also increase the liquidity requirement when pledging collateral for forward
transactions. However, we believe that such a scenario is unlikely. Just last year, Moody's
and Fitch raised our credit score by one notch to Baa2 and BBB+, respectively, both with
astable outlook. In doing so, they rewarded us for our transformation into a leading
renewable energy company through which we have become more financially robust.

The assessment of our creditworthiness by rating agencies, banks and capital investors

depends in part on the level of our net debt. Our goal is to ensure that, in the medium
term, it does not exceed three times the adjusted EBITDA of our core business.

77

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2021

Despite this, net debt could temporarily be above budget, for instance if we have to pay
high variation margins. Nevertheless, we are confident that we can keep our indebtedness
below the cap.

Despite the significant increase in volatility on commodity markets, we continue to classify
our financial risks as ‘medium’.

Creditworthiness of business partners. Our business relations with key accounts,
suppliers, trading partners and financial institutions expose us to credit risks. Therefore,
we track the creditworthiness of our partners closely and assess their credit standing
based on internal and external ratings, both before and during the business relationship.
Transactions that exceed a certain size and all trading transactions are subject to credit
limits, which we determine before the transaction is concluded and adjust if necessary, for
instance in the event of a change in the business partner's creditworthiness. At times, we
request cash collateral or bank guarantees. In the trading and financing business, credit
risks and the utilisation of the limits are measured daily. We agree on collateral when
concluding over-the-counter trading transactions. Furthermore, we enter into framework
agreements, e.g. those of the European Federation of Energy Traders. For financial
derivatives, we make use of the German master agreement for forward financial
transactions or the master agreement of the International Swaps and Derivatives
Association.

The significant price spikes on commodity markets have increased the danger of
transaction partners being unable to meet their obligations. The Ukraine crisis has further
exacerbated this risk, in particular in relation to trading with Russian commodities
producers. This exposes us to substantial financial losses especially with regard to
contracts that are particularly valuable to us. We are monitoring the default risks closely
and are assessing counterbalancing measures.

Although our risks stemming from the creditworthiness of our business partners have
increased overall, they still do not exceed the ‘medium category.


--- Page 56 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

+ Other risks. This is the class in which we record the potential effects of damage to our
reputation, compliance infringements and criminal acts. The risk of a COVID-19-driven
decrease in electricity prices which may force us to recognise impairments for generation
assets has also been recorded in this category. However, we now believe it is very unlikely
that this will come to pass. Therefore, we have lowered the category of other risks from
‘medium to ‘low.

RWE’s risks and opportunities: General assessment by management. Shifting our
generation portfolio from fossil fuels to renewables has improved RWE's opportunity-risk
profile. By aiming to be carbon neutral by 2040, we are demonstrating that we want to
expedite the decarbonisation of the energy sector, thereby increasing our acceptance
among politicians, capital lenders, customers and other stakeholder groups. At the same
time, our solid financial management ensures that our company remains on a safe course.
By analysing the effects of risks on our liquidity and pursuing a conservative financing
strategy, we ensure that we can meet our payment obligations punctually. We have
considerable liquid funds and great leeway in terms of debt financing, thanks to the Debt
Issuance Programme, the Commercial Paper Programme and the syndicated credit line
(see page 60). We budget our liquidity with foresight, based on the short, medium and
long-term financing needs of our Group companies, and always hold a significant amount
of minimum liquidity.

As shown by the commentary in this chapter, we consider unfavourable changes to the
political and regulatory framework to be our biggest risk. Due to the war in Ukraine,
developments are conceivable that could have a considerable negative impact on us. We
are monitoring events closely as they unfold and are trying to limit these risks as much as
possible. We could also become exposed to significant financial burdens due to the
accelerated coal phaseout. We therefore class the political and regulatory risks as ‘high.
In the previous year, we had classed them as ‘medium’ That being said, we also see
opportunities here. For example, we are confident that an earlier German coal exit would

78

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

be associated with improved framework conditions for the expansion of renewables and for
the creation of environmentally friendly backup assets. The additional investments and the
steeper climb towards reducing emissions should again increase our acceptance among
capital lenders and customers. It is also possible that the government may offer fair
compensation regulations, contrary to early statements.

The booming commodity markets presents us with opportunities. If wholesale electricity
prices remain high, renewable energy assets that do not receive fixed payments will achieve
additional revenue. This also holds true for our conventional power stations as long as
additional earnings are not offset by higher costs of fuel and CO> allowances. However, high
electricity prices also increase the potential for greater earnings shortfalls in the event of
unscheduled plant outages. Price hikes on the energy markets could also see the funds
needed to collateralise forward contracts rise at short notice. The same applies to income
generated by these contracts. As a result, standards on our liquidity management would
become stricter and the risk of our contracting parties being unable to make payments
would rise.

RWE has been affected by COVID-19 to a limited extent so far, and we are confident that
this will not change. Projects may still be delayed owing to the pandemic. However, the risk
of asustained COVID-19-induced economic crisis resulting in a reduction in electricity
prices and impairments to power stations has not materialised. In view of the latest
economic recovery and the record energy prices, we now find that such a scenario is
unlikely.

Thanks to the measures for safeguarding our financial and earning power over the long
term and our comprehensive risk management system, we are confident that we can
manage our current risks. At the same time, we are establishing the prerequisites for
ensuring that this remains the case in the future. Overall, we do not currently foresee any
risks that would undermine the viability of RWE AG or the RWE Group.


--- Page 57 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

Accounting-related internal control system: Statements in accordance with Sec. 289,
Para. 4, and Sec. 315, Para. 4 of the German Commercial Code. Our financial reporting is
exposed to the risk of misrepresentations that could have a significant influence on the
decisions made by their addressees. For example, stated earnings that are too high can
cause capital investors to invest in a company. Capital market law regulations and RWE’s
Code of Conduct require that we inform the public of our business performance and
important company specific events completely, objectively, accurately, clearly and ina
timely manner. We use a series of tools to meet this ambition. Examples of this are our IFRS.
accounting regulation and the high minimum standards to which we subject the IT systems
used to record and process accounting-related data. Furthermore, we use an accounting-
related Internal Control System (ICS) for quality assurance purposes. The ICS aims to detect
potential errors and misrepresentations that result from non-compliance with accounting
standards. The Accounting Department of RWE AG is responsible for designing the ICS and
reviewing its effectiveness. In doing so, it applies groupwide rules. In addition, it receives
assistance from the ICS Committee, the objective of which is to ensure that the ICS is
applied throughout the Group following uniform principles and meeting high ambitions in
terms of correctness and transparency. The Committee consists of representatives from the
Accounting, Controlling & Risk Management and Internal Audit & Security Departments,
along with officers from the human resources, procurement, trading, finance, taxes and IT
functions, which are highly relevant to accounting.

79

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

We subject the ICS to a comprehensive review every year. First, we examine whether the
risk situation is presented appropriately and whether suitable controls are in place for the
identified risks. Then, we test the effectiveness of the controls. Ifthe ICS reviews pertain to
accounting-related processes, e.g., to the preparation of financial statements or to
consolidation, they are conducted by employees from the Accounting Department. When
it comes to processes handled by service centres on our behalf, for example invoice
processing, an auditor certifies the appropriateness and effectiveness of the controls.
The representatives of the finance, human resources, procurement, trading, and IT
functions document whether the agreed ICS quality standards are adhered to by their
respective areas. Our Internal Audit & Compliance Department also oversees the ICS
reviews. The results of the reviews are documented in a report to the Executive Board of
RWE AG. The review conducted in 2021 once again demonstrated that the ICS is effective.

Within the scope of external reporting, the members of the Executive Board of RWE AG take
an initial half-year and a full-year balance-sheet oath, confirming that the prescribed
accounting standards have been adhered to and that the financial statements give a true
and fair view of the net worth, financial position and earnings. When in session, the
Supervisory Board's Audit Committee regularly concerns itself with the effectiveness of the
ICS. Once a year, the Executive Board of RWE AG submits a report on this to the Committee.


--- Page 58 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review

of operations
Disclosure relating to
German takeover law

3
Responsibility statement

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

2.11 Disclosure relating to German takeover law

The following disclosure is in accordance with Sections 315a and 289a of the German
Commercial Code as well as with Section 176, Paragraph 1, Sentence 1 of the German
Stock Corporation Act. The information relates to company-specific regulations, for
example relating to adjustments to the capital structure by the Executive Board ora
change of control of the company. At RWE, these provisions are in line with the
standards of German listed companies.

Composition of subscribed capital. RWE AG's capital stock amounts to
€1,731,123,322.88. It is divided among 676,220,048 no-par-value bearer shares.

Limitation of voting rights or share transfers and employee share schemes. One share
grants one vote at the Annual General Meeting and determines the proportion of the
company’s profit to which the shareholder is entitled. This does not apply to RWE AG's
treasury stock, which does not confer any rights to the company. Voting rights are excluded
by law in cases where Section 136 of the German Stock Corporation Act applies.

Within the scope of an employee share plan, we issued 288,624 RWE shares to our
employees in Germany in the financial year that just ended. The beneficiaries may only
freely dispose of the shares after 31 December 2022.

RWE also has employee share schemes in the United Kingdom. Participating companies are
RWE Generation UK plc, RWE Supply & Trading GmbH UK Branch and RWE Technology UK
Limited. In 2021, employees purchased a total of 23,181 RWE shares under the UK
schemes. These shares are also subject to a restriction on disposal, which lasts five years
from the grant date.

80

Employees can exercise the control rights conferred on them from the employee shares in
the same manner as other shareholders can whilst in compliance with statutory regulations
and the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation.

Shares in capital accounting for more than 10% of voting rights and special rights with
control powers. As of 31 December 2021, no holding in RWE AG exceeded 10% of the
voting rights. There are no RWE shares with special rights that confer control powers.

Appointment and dismissal of Executive Board members / amendments to the Articles
of Incorporation. Executive Board members are appointed and dismissed in accordance
with Sections 84 et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act in conjunction with Section
31 of the German Co-Determination Act. Amendments to the Articles of Incorporation are
made pursuant to Sections 179 et seqq. of the German Stock Corporation Act in
conjunction with Article 16, Paragraph 5 of the Articles of Incorporation of RWE AG.
According to the aforementioned provision in the Articles of Incorporation, unless otherwise
required by law or the Articles of Incorporation, the Annual General Meeting shall adopt all
resolutions by a simple majority of the votes cast or - if a capital majority is required - by the
simple majority of the capital stock represented when the resolution is passed. Pursuant to
Article 10, Paragraph 9 of the Articles of Incorporation, the Supervisory Board is authorised
to pass resolutions in favour of amendments to the Articles of Incorporation that only
concern formal matters, without having a material impact on the content.

Executive Board authorisation to implement issuances and buybacks of RWE shares.
On 28 April 2021, the Annual General Meeting authorised the Executive Board to increase
the company’s capital stock subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board by up to
€346,224,663.04 through the issuance of up to 135,244,009 bearer shares (authorised
capital). The authorisation is limited to five years and expires on 27 April 2026.


--- Page 59 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Disclosure relating to
German takeover law

3
Responsibility statement

On 28 April 2021, the Annual General Meeting further authorised the Executive Board until
27 April 2026, subject to Supervisory Board approval, to issue bearer convertible and/or
option bonds with a total face value of up to €5,000,000,000 with or without a limited
maturity and to grant the bondholders convertible or option rights to bearer shares in the
company. To enable the issuance of shares to holders of convertible and/or option bonds,
the Annual General Meeting of 28 April 2021 conditionally increased the company's capital
stock by up to €173,112,330.24, divided into up to 67,622,004 registered or bearer
shares (conditional capital).

New shares from authorised capital and the aforementioned bonds may be issued in
exchange for contributions in cash or in kind. These shares must generally be tendered
to the shareholders for subscription. However, the Executive Board is authorised, subject
to Supervisory Board approval, to waive subscription rights in the following cases:

+ to avoid fractions of shares resulting from the subscription rate;

+ ifthe issuance is conducted in exchange for contributions in kind;

+ to provide protection from dilution in connection with convertible and/or option bonds
that have already been issued; and

+ ifthe issue price of the new shares or bonds is not significantly below their quotation or
their theoretical fair value calculated by generally accepted methods of quantitative finance
and if waived subscription rights are limited to no more than 10% of the capital stock.

81

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

In sum, shares issued from authorised capital with a waiver of subscription rights and in
connection with convertible or option bonds may not exceed 10% of the capital stock.
The aforementioned upper limit is defined by the amount of capital stock at the time the
resolution providing the authorisation is adopted or when the authorisation is exercised, if
the capital stock is lower. Other measures taken waiving subscription rights count towards
the upper limit.

The Annual General Meeting of 26 April 2018 authorised the Executive Board of RWE AG,
subject to Supervisory Board approval, to purchase shares in the company accounting for
up to 10% of the capital stock when the resolution is passed or when the authorisation is
exercised, if the latter is lower at that time. At the Executive Board's discretion, the purchase
can be made on the stock exchange or via a public offer.

Shares acquired in this manner may be used for all purposes described in the authorisation.
Shareholder subscription rights may be waived depending on the purpose for which the
shares are used.

Effects of a change of control on debt financing. Our debt financing instruments often
contain clauses that take effect in the event of a change of control. Such a provision is in
place e.g. in respect of our €5 billion syndicated credit line, and essentially means that in the
event of a change of control or majority at RWE AG, drawings are suspended until further
notice. The lenders shall enter into negotiations with us on a continuation of the credit line.
The time limit for doing this is 30 days from the notification of the change of control. On
expiry of the time limit, lenders who are not satisfied with the outcome of the negotiations
may revoke their loan commitment or cancel the loan if it has already been paid out,
requesting immediate repayment.


--- Page 60 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Disclosure relating to
German takeover law

3
Responsibility statement

The green bonds issued in 2021 (see page 60) are also subject to change-of-control
clauses. In the event that a change of control is announced or implemented, investors may
request that their bonds be redeemed by a certain deadline, if RWE’s long-term credit rating
falls below investment grade due to the change of control or the rating agencies stop
issuing us a credit rating. A similar rule applies to the senior bond that matures in 2037,
small portion of which remained on our books as it could not be fully transferred to innogy
in 2016.

In the event of a change of control, we can redeem our two subordinated hybrid bonds with
volumes of €282 million and US$317 million within the determined change-of-control
period. If they are not redeemed and our long-term credit rating also falls below investment
grade or credit ratings are no longer issued, their annual yield rises by 500 basis points.

82

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2021
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Compensation agreement with the Executive Board and employees in the event of a
takeover offer. The current version of the German Corporate Governance Code dated

16 December 2019 recommends that no commitments to additional benefits be made in
the event that Executive Board members terminate their employment contract early due to
achange of control. We fully adhere to this principle, meaning that we have not included
clauses envisaging a special right of termination or rights to severance subject to a change
of control in any of the current employment contracts of the members of the Executive
Board of RWE AG.

Share-based payments made to the Executive Board members and executives are subject
to the following provisions: in the event of a change of control, RWE will pay out all the
performance shares that have been finally granted, but have not been paid out yet on expiry
of the holding period. Performance shares granted on a preliminary basis on the date of a
change of control are valued based on the degree to which the targets have been achieved
up to that point in time. Performance shares granted on a preliminary basis in the year of
the change of control lapse. They are replaced by a new plan of equal value for the Executive
Board members and executives for the fiscal year in which the change of control occurs and
the following years.
