

--- Page 1 ---

Shareho!

ers, Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Risk Rep Financial State: Further Information

67 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

Basis of the Commerzbank Group

Structure and organisation

Commerzbank is the leading bank for SMEs (the Mittelstand) and
a partner to some 28,000 corporate client groups and around 11
million private and small-business customers in Germany. The
Bank offers a comprehensive portfolio of financial services in two
business segments — Private and Small-Business Customers and
Corporate Clients.

In its corporate client business, Commerzbank focuses on
German SMEs, large companies and institutional customers. In
international business, the Bank supports customers who have
business links with Germany and companies in selected future-
oriented sectors. Following the integration of comdirect, private
and small-business customers benefit from the services of one of
the most modern online banks in Germany, along with telephone
support and personal advisory services at a local level. The Polish
subsidiary mBank is an innovative digital bank. It serves around
5.5 million private and small-business customers, mainly in Poland
but also in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.

The two segments Private and Small-Business Customers and
Corporate Clients are each managed by a member of the Board of
Managing Directors. All staff and management functions are
contained in Group Management: Group Audit, Group Big
Data& Advanced Analytics, Group Cyber Risk & Information
Security, Group Compliance, Group
Finance, Group Human Resources, Group Investor Relations, Group
Legal, Research, Strategy

Group Communications,

Group Group
Transformation & Sustainability, Group Tax, Group Treasury and the
central risk functions. The support functions are provided by Group
Services. These include Group Client Data, Group Corporate
Clients & Treasury Platforms, Group Banking & Market Operations,
Group Business Platforms, Group Delivery Center, Group Digital
Transformation, Group Credit, Group Technology Foundations,
Group Operations Credit and Group Organisation & Security. The
staff, management and support functions are combined in the
Others and Consolidation division for reporting purposes.

On the domestic market, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is
headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, from where it manages its
branch network serving all customer groups. Following the merger
with comdirect Bank AG, Commerz Real AG is now the biggest
domestic subsidiary. Outside of Germany, as at the reporting date
Commerzbank has 6 material subsidiaries, 19 operational foreign
branches and 26 representative offices in just under 40 countries
and is represented in all major financial centres, such as London,
New York, Tokyo and Singapore. However, the focus of the Bank's
international activities is on Europe.

Commerzbank prepares Group financial statements which, in
addition to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as operating lead
company, incorporate all material subsidiaries over which the
Bank exercises control. The financial year is the calendar year.

Objectives and strategy

The 2021 financial year was the first year of Commerzbank’s
comprehensive transformation, which the Bank initiated in February
2021 with its “Strategy 2024” programme. Through the measures
announced, we will combine the benefits of a digitalised bank with
personal advisory services, an unwavering customer focus and
sustainability. We have a clear goal in mind: to create a strong
Commerzbank that is fit for the future. At a Capital Markets Day at
the beginning of March 2022, we updated the target values for costs
and return on equity. The key elements are described below.

We are putting profitability before growth

We have to make the Bank profitable again. To achieve this, we
will focus on optimally meeting the changing needs of our
customers while also ensuring a high level of efficiency.

We are adjusting our capacities

We want to reduce our costs by €1.3bn. This also entails
eliminating around 10,000 full-time positions (in gross terms) to
enable us to operate profitably again in the long term and be in a
position to offer long-term job prospects for the majority of the
workforce in the future.

We are embracing comprehensive digitalisation

We want to become the number one digital advisory bank in
Germany. To achieve this, we will invest significant amounts in our
IT: €1.7bn over the next few years. We are hugely expanding digital
relationship management in both customer segments, tapping into
the expertise of comdirect. We will also make our IT considerably
more agile, powerful and efficient in the coming years, for example
by significantly expanding our cloud-based solutions.

Private and Small-Business Customers

Commerzbank is to radically restructure its business with private
and small-business customers. The aim is to further develop the
segment into an attractive combination of a high-performance
direct bank and a provider of first-class advisory services.


--- Page 2 ---

68

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

At 450 locations throughout Germany, customers will in future
be able to seek advice on topics such as accounts, cards and
instalment loans, and obtain support with the use of the Bank's
digital services. Private and small-business customers requiring
more in-depth advisory services will
personal advisory support and individual solutions relating to
wealth management and financing.

receive comprehensive,

Corporate Clients

In the Corporate Clients segment, Commerzbank will in future
focus on offering a streamlined and digitalised product range to
German SMEs and large companies. We will continue to serve
international corporate clients if they have business links with
Germany or operate in selected future-oriented sectors such as
mobility, sustainability, communications, life sciences and capital
goods. Our international network remains an important building
block. We will
network of correspondent banks and selected non-banking
financial institutions (NBFIs).

also continue to rely on and further optimise our

Cost savings

Following the restructuring, Commerzbank is targeting a return on
tangible equity (RoTE) of over 7% for the 2024 financial year.
Costs will be reduced by €1.3bn or around 20% by 2024
compared with the figures for 2020. Income, on the other hand, is
expected to remain largely stable, the exception being mBank,
where further growth should be seen. Almost all of the
restructuring expenses anticipated under the “Strategy 2024”
programme have been recognised in the income statement as at
the end of the reporting year. The contractual terms for more than
60% of the planned elimination of 10,000 full-time positions (in
gross terms) have already been agreed.

Despite the significant restructuring, the capital ratio (CET1)
will consistently be at least 200 to 250 basis points above the
(MDA).
Commerzbank to remain robust and resilient in the future while

minimum regulatory requirements This will enable

still managing its capital efficiently.

Sustainability

Sustainability is one of the four cornerstones of our “Strategy
2024” programme. The sustainability strategy integrated therein
currently focuses on climate protection in light of climate change
and its consequences. At the heart of the strategy is our
commitment to achieve net zero by 2050 at the latest. We have
thus aligned ourselves with the Paris Climate Agreement’s goal of

limiting global warming to a maximum of 1.5 degrees Celsius

compared with pre-industrial times. We see sustainable
transformation as both an obligation and an opportunity, because
sustainability is playing an increasingly important role for both our
customers and investors alike. We set a good example and support

our customers on their path toward greater sustainability.

Detailed information on the “Strategy 2024” programme can be
found both in the Annual Report 2020 and on the Commerzbank
website at https://www.commerzbank.com.

Corporate managemen

Corporate management in the Commerzbank Group is based on a
value-oriented steering concept. This concept is focused on
ensuring that the risks entered into by the business units are in
line with the external and internal guidelines on risk-bearing
capacity and on striving to achieve an appropriate return over the
long term on the capital employed. In this respect, the Bank
regularly monitors the allocation of scarce resources to business
units and actively adapts its business strategy to changing market
circumstances in order to boost the enterprise value over the long
term.

The annual planning process is a key corporate management
tool. In this process, the Board of Managing Directors sets targets
for the business units based on the business strategy. Existing
resources such as capital and risk limits are allocated to the
segments in a way that reflects the targets and risk profiles. The
segments operationalise the targets based on the business
strategy and the results of the planning process. The Board of
Managing Directors carries out regular checks to ensure that
business planning is being followed. This ensures that any
deviations are identified at an early stage through monthly
management reporting, and corrective measures are taken.

In order to manage the Group and its segments, the Bank uses
the standard controlling indicators described below, which cover all
the essential dimensions of Group management. Their development
is monitored as part of regular management reporting.

The management of the Bank takes account of both pillars of
capital adequacy requirements. To ensure internal risk-bearing
capacity at all times, planning includes allocating economic capital
to the segments according to type of risk. The average capital
employed in the segments is calculated based on the average
segmented risk-weighted assets. At Group level, Common Equity
Tier 1 (CET1) is shown. The reconciliation of average capital
employed in the segments to the Group’s CET1 capital is carried
out in Others and Consolidation. The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio
is a key indicator for the Bank in capital management.

The key figures used for measuring success in the corporate
management are operating  profit/loss

process and group


--- Page 3 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

67 Basis of the Commerzbank Group
ic report

profit/loss after tax and non-controlling interests, along with the
cost/income and return on equity ratios and the economic value
added calculated from these ratios. The cost/income ratio is used
to assess cost efficiency and is defined as the ratio of operating
expenses (excluding impairments of goodwill
expenses) to income before the risk result. The cost/income ratio
is calculated in two variants: with and without the inclusion of

and restructuring

compulsory contributions in the item “expenses”. Segment return
on equity is calculated as the ratio of operating profit/loss or pre-
tax profit/loss to the average amount of regulatory capital
employed. It shows the return on the equity invested in a given
business segment. As is standard for value-based management

concepts, the target minimum return on capital employed is
derived from the expected return on the capital market. Here the
focus at Group level is on the return on tangible equity.

Economic value added is the indicator used for determining the
performance of the Group. It is defined as the difference between
the Group’s return on equity and the capital cost rate, multiplied
by the Group’s equity. The Group’s return on equity is the ratio of
the consolidated profit after tax and non-controlling interests to
the average CET1 capital of the Group.

The calculation of the capital cost rate is based on the Bank's
strategic target return on tangible equity and the capital market-
oriented Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM) and is subject to an
annual review. Commerzbank currently calculates its post-tax cost
of capital to be 9.2%.

As Group figures, the controlling data listed above form part of
a system of other segment-specific data that vary from segment to
segment depending on the business strategy.

Remuneration report

The remuneration report for the Board of Managing Directors and
the Supervisory Board is published as a separate report and can
be found at https://www.commerzbank.com/er/haupt-
navigation/aktionaere/publikationen_und_veranstaltungen/unterne
hmensberichterstattung_1/index.html.

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of
the German Commercial Code

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code
(HGB) can be found in the section on corporate responsibility.
They form part of the Group management report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315a (1) of
the German Commercial Code

(AGB) and explanatory report

Details pursuant to Art. 315a (1) of the German Commercial Code
(HGB) and explanatory report can be found in the section on
corporate responsibility. They form part of the Group management
report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315d of the

German Commercial Code (HGB)

Details pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with Art. 289f of the
German Commercial Code (HGB), “Declaration on corporate
governance”, the
responsibility. They form part of the Group management report.
The declaration on corporate governance can be found at
https://www.commerzbank.de/ geschaeftsbericht2021.

can be found in section on corporate

Details pursuant to Art. 340i (5) in
conjunction with Art. 315b (3) of the

German Commercial Code (HGB)

Details pursuant to Art. 340i (5) in conjunction with Art. 315b (3)
of the German Commercial Code (HGB) can be found in the
section on corporate responsibility as a combined separate non-
financial report and online at www.commerzbank.com/NFR2021.
They form part of the Group management report.

Important staffing and business
policy events

A report on important staffing changes at management level and
special business policy events during the past financial year is
provided below.

We are on track in terms of ensuring that the headcount
reduction under the “Strategy 2024” programme is as socially
responsible as possible: We agreed a framework reconciliation of
interests and a framework social plan with the employee
representatives in May, and were able to finalise the partial
reconciliations of interests for the respective divisions by
November.

69


--- Page 4 ---

70

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

There were changes in the composition of both the Board of
Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board during the year
under review. The Bank also made progress in streamlining the
Group structure and further reducing complexity. The optimisation
of the Bank’s capital structure was also on the agenda. At the end
of the third quarter of 2021, Commerzbank explained the
ambitious key elements of its sustainability strategy at its first
“Sustainability Dialogue” event. At the heart of the strategy is our
commitment to achieve net zero by 2050 at the latest. The Bank
also further strengthened its compliance function in 2021.

Changes in the Supervisory Board of
Commerzbank

Hans-Jorg Vetter resigned his position as Chairman and member
of the Supervisory Board of Commerzbank for health reasons at
the close of 16 March 2021. Andreas Schmitz stepped down from
the Supervisory Board of Commerzbank on 24 March 2021. At the
request of the Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank,
Helmut Gottschalk was appointed by a court as a member of the
Supervisory Board until the end of the 2021 Annual General
Meeting by resolution dated 14 April 2021 and elected as
Chairman of the Supervisory Board at the end of April until the
end of the 2021 Annual General Meeting. Dr. Victoria Ossadnik,
Dr. Tobias Guldimann and Dr. Rainer Hillebrand stepped down
from the Supervisory Board at the close of the Annual General
Meeting on 18 May 2021. The Annual General Meeting elected
Daniela Mattheus, Caroline Seifert, Helmut Gottschalk, Burkhard
Keese and Frank Westhoff to the Supervisory Board as shareholder
representatives with simultaneous effect. Following the Annual
General Meeting on 18 May 2021, the Supervisory Board elected
Helmut Gottschalk again as Chairman of the Supervisory Board.
On the employee representative side, Christian Héhn stepped
down from the Supervisory Board on 31 December 2021. His
successor Stefan Jennes has been a new member of the
Supervisory Board since 1 January 2022.

Changes in the Board of Managing Directors of
Commerzbank

During the 2021 financial year,
Commerzbank took staffing decisions aimed at putting the Board

the Supervisory Board of

of Managing Directors in a position to tackle the far-reaching
transformation initiated as part of the “Strategy 2024” programme.

At its meeting of 16June 2021, the Supervisory Board
appointed Dr. Bettina Orlopp as Deputy Chairwoman of the Board
of Managing Directors with effect from 17 June 2021, at which
point the Supervisory Board also extended her appointment to the

Board of Managing Directors by five years until June 2026. At the
same time, Jorg Hessenmiiller's contract was also extended.

At its meeting of 15 September 2021, the Supervisory Board
appointed Thomas Schaufler, previously a member of the
Management Board with responsibility for Retail Banking at
Austria’s Erste Group Bank AG, to the Board of Managing
Schaufler responsibility for
Commerzbank’s Private and Small-Business Customers segment
on 1December 2021. As announced in June 2021, Sabine

Directors. Thomas assumed

Schmittroth will therefore concentrate fully on her duties as
Director of Human Resources. This task is particularly important,
both within
implementation from an HR perspective. The Supervisory Board
also appointed Dr. Jorg Oliveri del Castillo-Schulz to the Board of
Managing Directors as the new Chief Operating Officer (COO). Dr.
Jorg Oliveri del Castillo-Schulz had already assumed responsibility
for the COO department as general representative with effect from

the context of the transformation and _ its

1 October 2021 and thus succeeded Jorg Hessenmiiller, who left
the Bank on 30 September 2021. He was appointed to the Board of
Managing Directors with effect from 20 January 2022.

Sabine Schmittroth, Commerzbank's Member of the Board of
Managing Directors responsible for Group Human Resources and
Director of Human Resources, informed the Supervisory Board in
mid-February 2022 that for personal reasons she had decided to
leave the Bank when her contract expires at the end of the year.
The Supervisory Board will start the search for her successor in
the near future.

Commerzbank making good progress with its
restructuring

Commerzbank is making good progress towards the cost
reductions targeted under the “Strategy 2024” programme. At the
end of March 2021, the Bank agreed a voluntary programme with
the Central Works Council for the required headcount reduction.
Around 1,600 full-time employees left the Bank at the turn of the
year under the
Aktiengesellschaft in Germany.

The Bank agreed a framework reconciliation of interests and a
framework social plan for the required headcount reduction at
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft in Germany with the employee
representative committees at the beginning of May 2021. The
binding agreements will form the basis for ensuring that the
headcount reduction is as socially responsible as possible.

Commerzbank and the employee representatives successfully
concluded the negotiations on the implementation of the “Strategy
2024” programme in mid-November 2021. The agreement creates

voluntary programme at Commerzbank

clarity regarding the structure of all
Overall, the Bank will become significantly leaner as a result.
Following completion of the partial reconciliations of interests, the

Group divisions in Germany.


--- Page 5 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Risk Rep Financial Statements Further Information

67 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

framework social plan adopted in May 2021 came into force at the
same time. Since then, employees have been able to use the tools
designed to ensure that the headcount reduction is socially
responsible.

Commerzbank streamlines its capital market
business

Since 11 May 2021, Commerzbank has been working with the
German-French financial group ODDO-BHF in equities business.
The cooperation has enabled the Bank to align its capital market
business even more consistently with the needs of its core
the Bank

compromising on customer service. In

customers. It also enables to reduce costs and

complexity without
brokerage business, ODDO-BHF now acts as an exclusive partner
for Commerzbank, contributing its extensive expertise in equity
sales and trading for European and North American markets. This
has allowed Commerzbank to achieve significantly greater reach
for its corporate clients’ equity transactions and place them even
more effectively. The broad geographical platform means
corporate clients now enjoy strong coverage of other European
countries and sectors with correspondingly greater sales power, in
addition to the existing market-leading coverage of equities in the
DACH region. Commerzbank itself will no longer offer institutional
equity research, i.e. research on equities for professional clients.
Instead, its cooperation partner ODDO-BHF will render this
service. The Bank’s advisory expertise in equities business,
delivered through Equity Capital Markets,
cornerstone of Commerzbank’s corporate banking business and
will continue to be available to customers without restriction. Here

remains a_ key

the Bank will continue to focus on the relevant needs of its

corporate clients, including SMEs, and will continue to help them
issue new equity via avenues such as IPOs, share placements,

capital increases or convertible bonds.

Commerzbank successfully issues another
Additional Tier 1 bond

In mid-June 2021, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft successfully
issued the third bond under its issuance programme for Additional
Tier 1 capital (AT1). The bond has a volume of €500m and a fixed
coupon of 4.25% per annum. At over €1.75bn, the order book was
heavily oversubscribed, reflecting the widespread interest among
investors. The new AT1 bond has a perpetual maturity and the first
call date is in the period from October 2027 to April 2028. The
bond terms provide for a temporary write-down in the event that
the Bank’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (CET1 ratio) drops below
5.125%. Shareholders’ subscription rights were excluded. With

the issue of the AT1 bond, Commerzbank is further strengthening
and optimising its capital structure.

Commerzbank keeps securities settlement in-
house — outsourcing project halted

On 22July 2021, the Board of Managing Directors of
Commerzbank decided to terminate the project to outsource
securities settlement to HSBC Transaction Services GmbH with
immediate effect due to technical implementation risks and
changed market conditions. The termination of the project
resulted in a charge of €200m for the second quarter of 2021
arising from the derecognition of an intangible asset. This
derecognition had no impact on the Bank’s liquidity or CET1 ratio.
Provisions in the double-digit millions were also recognised.

With this decision, Commerzbank is reducing the complexity of
the transformation and will initially focus on further modernising
its own system landscape. Commerzbank’s IT delivery
organisation, launched two years ago, is set to make an important
contribution to this, with the Bank creating a dedicated key area
for securities & brokerage within the delivery organisation as part
of its “Strategy 2024” programme. The market environment and
technological possibilities have changed considerably since the
outsourcing project was launched in 2017. The significant growth
in trading volume and ongoing technological development mean
that Commerzbank is now able to continue securities settlement
profitably. As a result, the transfer of processes to the systems of
the HSBC subsidiary, most recently planned for mid-2021, did not

take place.

Commerzbank sells Hungarian subsi
Erste Bank

iary to

Commerzbank announced in mid-December 2021 that it will sell
its wholly owned subsidiary Commerzbank Zrt. to Erste Bank
Hungary Zrt. The sale is part of the “Strategy 2024” programme,
under which Commerzbank announced in February that it intends
to streamline its international presence. The transaction in
Hungary is still subject to approval by the competition authorities
and the banking regulator. The parties have agreed not to disclose
the purchase price. The completion of the sale and thus the start
of the operational implementation of the transaction is planned for
the second half of 2022. A comprehensive cooperation agreement
between Commerzbank and Erste Group, which was signed at the
same time, is also due to come into effect upon completion of the
sale. This partnership will enable Commerzbank to offer its
corporate customers easy access to selected markets in central
and south-eastern Europe via its cooperation partner Erste Group.

71


--- Page 6 ---

72

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Commerzbank has a presence in eastern Europe through its own
locations in Poland, the Czech Republic and Russia.

Commerzbank sets ambitious sustainability
targets and launches sustainability dialogue

Being “sustainable” is one of the four pillars of our “Strategy
2024” programme, alongside being “customer-oriented”, “digital”
and “profitable”. We see sustainable transformation as both an
obligation and an opportunity, because sustainability is playing an
increasingly important role for both our customers and investors
alike. We set a good example and support our customers on their
path toward greater sustainability. We are convinced that working
together with our customers is the most effective way for us to
reach climate targets. The Bank explained the ambitious key
elements of its sustainability strategy at its “Sustainability
Dialogue” event, which was held for the first time on
17 September 2021.

The core of the Bank’s sustainability agenda is its net zero
commitment. Commerzbank is fully committed to the Paris
Climate Agreement. In keeping with that commitment, the Bank
has pledged to reduce the carbon emissions of its entire lending
and investment portfolio to net zero by 2050 at the latest. The
Bank aims to help channel more capital into sustainable economic
activities in order to mitigate the consequences of climate change.
It follows that our primary goal is therefore to support our
customers in their own transformations to becoming sustainably
operating companies. The Bank will mobilise around €300bn for
this purpose by 2025, which corresponds to a threefold increase in
sustainable business volume compared with the end of 2020. As a
bank, we are financiers of the green transformation and that
makes sustainability a mainstay of our business model.

Further information on this can be found on page 40 ff. of the

combined separate non-financial report.

Further strengthening of the compliance
function

The Bank continued its activities in 2021 to further strengthen the
compliance function. In addition to the structural changes, these
also related to staff training and the successful recruitment of
qualified compliance experts to work at head office and in foreign
locations.

To further improve the management of compliance risks, the
compliance function implemented various long-term measures in
such as global crime and global
compliance, further strengthening compliance both in Germany
and abroad.

areas financial markets

In the year under review, the Bank rigorously pressed ahead
with the further development of the global compliance system
landscape in line with the latest market standards. Following the
global upgrade of the systems and models for monitoring
transactions with regard to money laundering and _ terrorist
financing - completed while maintaining continuous operational
stability and further improving risk coverage — a number of legacy
systems that were no longer required were removed and data
paths were standardised to further improve data quality.

The quality of the established expanded sanctions compliance
function is constantly maintained, in particular through active
participation in banking associations (Association of German
Banks and European Banking Federation). The Bank implemented
a further process improvement in 2021 by linking the relevant
foreign locations to the sanctions list check carried out when
processing the respective domestic payment transaction.

In 2021, Global Markets Compliance continued the Global
Surveillance Implementation Programme (GSIP) launched in 2018.
The programme is aimed at expanding global surveillance of trade
and communications. Implementation of the Behavox
communications surveillance system was completed in the
Shanghai, Prague and Moscow locations and new communica
channels integrated into the surveillance process. The “Fixed
Income” and “Commodities” asset classes were made available for

ion

the SCILA trade surveillance system, and steps were taken to
ensure that coverage was in place for all relevant products under
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
At the same time, Commerzbank further developed existing
governance structures and further expanded the global
compliance processes in the business units. This included
updating and further developing the compliance sub-risk strategy
as part of Commerzbank’s overall risk strategy, which in particular
defines the strategic fields of action and the risk appetite for
compliance risks. The governance processes for managing and
monitoring compliance controls were also further strengthened.
For more information on compliance risks and on integrity and
compliance at Commerzbank, please see page 138 f. of the Group
risk report and page 61 ff. of the combined separate non-financial

report.


--- Page 7 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility Management Report
67 Basis of the C
73. Economic report

83 Seg

ent pei

Economic report

Economic conditions

Economic environment

The coronavirus pandemic continued to have a huge impact on the
global economy in 2021. While the incidence of infection
decreased significantly in spring 2021 in many countries and the
coronavirus-related restrictions were noticeably relaxed, new
waves of infection began to build up in autumn, which recently
gained considerable momentum with the emergence of the
Omicron variant. Against this background, the coronavirus-related
tightened again,
drastically. The closure of production facilities and logistics
bottlenecks severely disrupted global Many
companies were unable to adapt their production to meet the
increased demand due to a lack of intermediate products. In the
automotive industry, production even had to be significantly
curtailed at times due to a lack of semiconductors.

rules in many countries were sometimes

supply chains.

In China, where entire cities with millions of inhabitants are
locked down in the event of even small coronavirus outbreaks,
economic growth slowed considerably again in 2021. More
restrictive lending and problems in the real estate sector also
contributed to this slowdown.

In the USA, the economy continued to recover markedly in
2021 despite sometimes high numbers of new coronavirus
infections, returning to its pre-crisis level in the second quarter.
Demand from private households in particular continued to grow
strongly, boosted by a very extensive government aid package and
a rapid recovery in the labour market. The strong demand also had
a downside, however, as it drove inflation up to 7% as at the end
of the year, its highest level in 40 years. At the same time, wage
growth increased noticeably as a result of the largely empty labour:
Against this background, the US Federal
announced in December that it would end its bond purchases in
March 2022.

The eurozone economy also returned to its pre-crisis level at
the end of 2021. It recovered markedly after coronavirus
restrictions were eased in the spring, but the wave of coronavirus
infections in the autumn meant that economic growth largely
came to a standstill again. At the end of 2021, eurozone inflation
rose to its highest level since the start of the monetary union.
Against this background, the European Central Bank (ECB)
announced in December that it intends to buy fewer government
bonds. The emergency purchase programme, which runs until the
end of March 2022, is not to be extended.

market. Reserve

In Germany, the economic slump caused by the pandemic at
the beginning of 2021 was particularly pronounced, although the

ommerzbank G

Financial Statem Further Information

>rmance
tunities report

country’s GDP also grew significantly in the summer half-year. The
number of new coronavirus infections rose sharply again from
October onwards, however, prompting politicians to gradually
tighten the coronavirus rules again. As a result, the economy
shrank again in the final quarter of 2021 and will probably
continue to fall in the first quarter of the current year, although the
decline is unlikely to be anywhere near as severe as in the same
quarter of the previous year. This is backed up by the continued
recovery in industry. Sectors such as hotels and catering, event
management and tourism have been hit hard once again. Thanks
to the extensive government aid package, particularly for short-
time work, there has been only a slight rise in unemployment as a
result of the crisis. The unemployment rate is now almost back to
the low level seen at the end of 2019.

The financial markets continued to benefit from the expansive
monetary and financial policy, although this did not prevent yields,
particularly on long-term US government bonds, from being
higher at the end of 2021 than they were at the beginning of the
year. The yield on ten-year German Bunds is still close to zero,
however. Share prices continued to rise sharply in 2021, with
indices such as the DAX, Dow Jones and Nasdaq at times reaching
new highs. By contrast, the euro fell significantly against the US
dollar over the course of 2021.

Sector environment

The difficult economic situation brought about primarily by the
coronavirus pandemic meant 2021 was another particularly
challenging year for the banking sector. While comprehensive
government aid programmes prevented a
downturn, the negative consequences of the pandemic for the

larger economic

economy and society have not yet been overcome. In particular,
the risks for the banking environment'’s short-term prospects are
still high. Nervousness has returned to the international capital
markets with the emergence of the new Omicron coronavirus
variant. Throughout the world, the industrial sector is suffering
from supply chain problems caused in part by China’s zero-Covid
strategy. In addition, energy and commodity prices as well as
material costs have risen significantly and are fuelling inflation
worldwide. China is becoming increasingly unable to fulfil its role
as the engine of the global economy: its economic growth has
slowed markedly due to high levels of corporate debt, a weaker
labour market and turbulence on the real estate market.

The strain on European banks’ lending business has been
considerably mitigated to date, primarily thanks to government
support for the real economy and central bank support measures
relating to liquidity and refinancing. Income losses were limited
for both companies and households; employment conditions were


--- Page 8 ---

74

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

protected and the supply of credit to the economy was guaranteed.
The financial markets also recovered their initial price losses very
quickly and climbed to new highs. As a result, European banks
have so far been spared any major impact on earnings despite
uncertainty about their risk provisioning requirements and
volatility in trading income. Exposures to consumer loans and to
companies and self-employed persons in sectors that have been
particularly hard hit by the pandemic, such as personal services,
gastronomy, tourism and event management, are still subject to
high risks, however. There are also fears of loan defaults on
commercial property financing if recent changes to working and
shopping habits are maintained over the long term.

Germany saw a marked rise in the number of personal
insolvencies last year. This was probably due in part to the law
aimed at gradually reducing the length of residual debt discharge
proceedings from six to three years. By contrast, the number of
corporate insolvencies fell even after the expiry of a number of
special regulations such as the suspension of the obligation for
over-indebted companies to file for insolvency. However, there
was also a marked increase in the volume of expected corporate
insolvency claims. To mitigate the negative impact, the Corporate
Stabilisation and Restructuring Act (Unternehmensstabilisierungs-
und Restrukturierungsgesetz, StaRUG), which came into force at
the beginning of 2021, is intended to establish new rules for
restructuring law upstream of insolvency law. The measures laid
down in the Act are designed to significantly improve companies’
restructuring prospects and thus prevent insolvencies in a targeted
manner.

Even though there has recently been a significant rise in
inflation, for the time being the ECB will maintain its expansive
monetary policy. The period of extremely low interest rates
continues to exert considerable pressure on interest margins in

lending business, especially in Europe. This
the profitability of the banking sector despite increased income
from fees and commissions. The latest EBA stress test in 2021

severely restricting

confirms this finding: although the capital position of the
European financial sector proved to be robust, a general income
weakness was evident even in the baseline scenario due to the low
interest rate environment. Many banks in Germany did not benefit
sufficiently from the recent significant improvement in income in
investment banking and trading business due to the high level of
competitive pressure and their previous withdrawal from currently
lucrative business areas such as investment banking.

According to the European Banking Authority (EBA), the
banking sector's capital base, liquidity and profitability improved
around the middle of 2021 compared with the previous year. As a
result, the most important European banks currently have
sufficient equity capital and are liquid.

The Deutsche Bundesbank Financial Stability Review also
confirms that the German financial system is currently very
resilient. For example, in the event of a severe macrofinancial
shock the capital buffers that have been built up can be used to
prevent restrictions on the supply of credit. At the same time,
however, both of the institutions mentioned above point to a
marked increase in banks’ vulnerability to macroeconomic risks. In
its regular Risk Assessment Report, the EBA notes that banks’
liquidity would look much worse without central bank support.
The supervisory authorities also consider the trend towards high
concentrations of government bonds in European banks’ balance
sheets to be a critical issue. In addition, there is a risk of losses
from overvalued assets, especially on the real estate markets.

The Polish banking sector has so far proved to be robust in
assessments of financial stability. There are risks, however, from
unsecured consumer loans and mortgage loans. There are
currently numerous pending lawsuits from private customers
relating to Swiss franc real estate loans with indexing clauses.
Case law on such lawsuits is inconsistent, but the majority of
rulings favour consumers. To date, neither the Polish courts nor
the European Court of Justice have come up with a clear and
conclusive solution to the issue of foreign currency loans. As a
result, at the end of 2020 the Polish banking regulator proposed
that foreign currency loans issued by Polish banks be converted
into Polish zloty on the basis of voluntary agreements with their
customers and that interest be charged based on Poland’s WIBOR
reference rate. Some Polish banks have made corresponding
settlement offers to their customers. As the Polish zloty has
depreciated considerably against the Swiss franc over the past few
years, such a conversion will have a significant negative impact on
the earnings of the banks concerned. Since the end of 2019, they
have recognised higher
alleging the

therefore provisions for risks in

connection with lawsuits ineffectiveness of

agreements or individual clauses.

Financial performance, assets,
liabilities and financial position

The coronavirus pandemic once again had a major impact on the
German economy and the global economy as a whole in the 2021
financial year and has therefore also affected the Commerzbank
Group’s financial statements. The effects of the pandemic on the
different divisions of the Commerzbank Group were reviewed in
various working groups and projects, and appropriate measures
were decided upon.


--- Page 9 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

the
73. Economic report

Explanations of these effects and of amendments to the
accounting and measurement methods can be found in Notes 2
and 4 to the Group financial statements.

The Commerzbank Group recorded an operating profit of
€1,183m for the year under review, after an operating loss of
€-233m in the previous year. The consolidated profit attributable
to Commerzbank shareholders for the period under review was
€430m.

Total assets of the Commerzbank Group as at 31 December
2021 were €473.0bn, compared with €506.6bn at the end of 2020.
The significant decline of 6.6% was due in particular to the
reduction in deposits and to the derivatives business.

The decline in risk-weighted assets (RWA) to €175.2bn was
mainly due to effects relating to credit and market risk. Common
Equity Tier 1 capital was €23.8bn and the corresponding Common
Equity Tier 1 ratio 13.6%.

Income statement of the Commerzbank Group

The individual items in the income statement were as follows in
2021:

At €4,849m, net interest income in the period under review
was 2.5% below the prior-year level. In the Private and Small-
Business Customers segment, interest-bearing business in
Germany recorded a significant increase in income due to the
continued growth of the credit portfolio, particularly in retail
mortgage financing and individual loans. This offset the further
significant decline in interest income from deposit business.

Several interest rate rises imposed by Poland’s central bank in the

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

merzbank Gi

portunities report

final quarter of 2021 have already had a noticeably positive impact
on mBank’s deposit business, meaning that its net interest income,
including effects from volume growth in lending business,
remained almost at the prior-year level. Net interest income in the
Corporate Clients segment was also slightly below the prior-year
level. The significant decline in net interest income in the Others
and Consolidation segment was primarily attributable to lower
interest income from Group Treasury with corresponding
offsetting effects in net income from financial assets and liabilities
measured at fair value through profit or loss. The recognition of
extraordinary income totalling €264m from the targeted longer-
term refinancing operations (TLTRO) with the ECB only partially
offset the decline in net interest income.

Net commission income rose by 9.0% year on year to
€3,616m. In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment,
net commission income was the main income driver in the year
under review. In Germany, the increase resulted from material
growth in the volumes of security accounts and the ongoing very
high volume of customer transactions. The increase at mBank was
mainly due to price adjustments in retail banking and corporate
client business and to higher fees in lending business. In the
Corporate Clients segment, net commission income was up
slightly year on year.

The net income from financial assets and liabilities measured at
fair value through profit or loss was €980m in the period under
review, after €66m in the prior-year period. The significant
increase was mainly attributable to positive remeasurement
effects, whereas the prior-year period was affected by valuation
fluctuations in connection with the coronavirus pandemic.

75


--- Page 10 ---

76

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Statement of comprehensive income | €m 2021 2020 Change
Net interest income 4,849 4,975, -126
Dividend income 22 37 -16
Risk result -570 —1,748 1,178
Net commission income 3,616 3,317 299
Gain or loss from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
through profit and loss and net income from hedge accounting 884 273 610
Other profit or loss from financial instruments, income from at-equity
investments and other net income -911 -416 -495
Operating expenses 6,239 6,160 79
Compulsory contributions 467 512 -45
Operating profit/loss 1,183 -233 1,416
impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets = 1,578 -1,578
Restructuring expenses 1,078 814 263
Pre-tax profit or loss from continuing operations 105 -2,626 2,731
Taxes on income —248 264 -512
Consolidated profit or loss from discontinued operations 0 30 -30
Consolidated profit/loss 354 —2,861 3,214

Consolidated profit or loss attributable to Commerzbank

shareholders and investors in additional equity components 430 —2,870 3,300

The other net income figure of €-944m relates in particular to
provisions and allocations to provisions. These include provisions
in connection with the ruling of the Federal Court of Justice on
price changes with private customers, provisions in connection
with mortgage loans issued in foreign currencies at mBank,
additional provisions in connection with potential tax refund
claims and provisions in connection with the termination of the
project to outsource securities settlement to HSBC Transaction
Services GmbH.

The risk result of €-570m was significantly lower than the
prior-year figure of €-1,748m. The much lower risk result
compared with the previous year was due to the reduced number
of loan defaults in 2021. The risk result for the prior-year period
included a top-level adjustment (TLA) of €-505m made because of
the coronavirus pandemic. The default of a large individual
exposure also had a negative impact on the risk result in the prior-
year period. In the reporting year, the TLA was increased by
€-17m to €-523m. Further information on the TLA can be found
in the risk report on page 117 ff. and in Note 32 of the notes to the
financial statements. In both the Private and Small-Business
Customers segment and the Corporate Clients segment, the loan
loss provisions required for 2021 remained significantly below the
level of the prior-year period.

Operating expenses increased by 1.3% year on year to
€6,239m due to the special charge of €200m arising from the
derecognition of an intangible asset in connection with the
termination of the project to outsource securities settlement to
HSBC Transaction Services GmbH, which was incurred at the end
of the first half of 2021. Personnel expenses were slightly below

the prior-year level at €3,464m, with the elimination of full-time
equivalents more than offsetting cost-generating effects including
salary adjustments and higher variable remuneration. By contrast,
administrative expenses, including depreciation of fixed assets
and amortisation of other intangible assets, increased by 4.3% to
€2,775m. Excluding the special charge, administrative expenses
decreased significantly.

Compulsory contributions, which include the European
banking levy, contributions to the Deposit Protection Fund and the
Polish bank tax, were reported separately and were below the
prior-year level at €467m. In the year under review, Commerzbank
made use of the opportunity to meet part of its annual contribution
to the European banking levy and the statutory deposit insurance
scheme in the form of irrevocable payment commitments.
Restructuring expenses of €1,078m during the reporting
period affected earnings performance. These mainly related to the
implementation of the “Strategy 2024” programme and resulted
primarily from the
— particularly in connection with the headcount reduction and the
closure of locations — and from higher depreciation of leased

assets and office furniture and equipment due to a reduction in

recognition of restructuring provisions

their remaining useful life in connection with restructuring
measures.
The pre-tax profit from

€105m, compared with a loss of €-2,626m in the prior-year

continuing operations was
period.

A positive tax effect of €248m was reported in the period under
review. This resulted primarily from tax income relating to the
of deferred tax assets on loss

retrospective recognition


--- Page 11 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

67 Basis of the Cc

73. Economic report

83 Si

86 0

ent pe

carryforwards, offset mainly by current tax expenses of the mBank
subgroup for the period under review and tax expenses relating to
other periods resulting from the additional recognition of
provisions for tax risks.

The profit from continuing operations after tax was €354m,
compared with a loss of €-2,890m in the prior-year period. There
was no result from discontinued operations after tax in the year
under review. In the previous year, the income and expenses of
the Equity Markets & Commodities (EMC) division sold to Société
Générale were reported here.

Net of non-controlling interests, a consolidated profit of
€430m was
investors in additional equity components for the 2021 financial
year, compared with a consolidated loss of €-2,870m in the

attributable to Commerzbank shareholders and

previous year.
Despite Aktiengesellschaft reporting
significantly negative results for the 2021 financial year in

Commerzbank

accordance with the German Commercial Code (HGB), the plan is
to service all capital instruments issued by Commerzbank
Aktiengesellschaft for the 2021 financial year. We will be
proposing to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend be
distributed for 2021.

Total comprehensive income, which includes both consolidated
profitloss and other comprehensive income for the period,
showed a net total of €774m in 2021.

Other comprehensive income of €421m consists of the sum of
changes in the revaluation reserve (FVOCImR) (€-244m), the cash
flow hedge reserve (€-192m) and the currency translation reserve
(€216m), changes in companies accounted for using the equity
method (€-1m), changes from the remeasurement of defined
benefit plans not recognised in the income statement (€674m),
changes from the remeasurement of land and buildings not
recognised in the income statement (€2m), changes in own credit
spreads of liabilities FVO not recognised in the income statement
(€-30m), and the change in remeasurement effects from net
hedges (€-5m). Further
comprehensive income can be found on page 150 of the Group
financial statements.

investment information on other

Management Report

ommerzbank G

tunities re

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

°

Operating profit per share was €0.94 and earnings per share
€0.23. The comparable figures in the prior-year period were
€-0.19 and €-2.33 respectively.

Balance sheet of the Commerzbank Group

Total assets of the Commerzbank Group as at 31 December 2021
were €473.0bn, down 6.6% compared with year-end 2020.

Cash on hand and cash on demand fell by €26.1bn to €49.5bn.
The marked decrease compared with the end of 2020 was
attributable to reduced demand deposits held with central banks.

Financial assets at amortised cost rose slightly by €7.0bn to
€299.2bn compared with the end of 2020. While there was growth
in lending to private customers, particularly in retail mortgage
financing and universal loans, there were corresponding declines
in lending business with international customers.

Financial assets in the fair value OCI category were €40.1bn,
down €2.7bn compared with the end of 2020. The fall of 6.4%
was attributable to a lower volume of securitised debt instruments.

At €28.4bn, financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value
through profit or loss were almost on a par with the end of the
previous year. The increase of €5.1bn in loans and advances to
central banks was almost entirely offset by a decline of €5.0bn in
loans and advances to banks and financial service providers.

Financial assets held for trading were €43.8bn at the reporting
date, down €8.4bn compared with the end of 2020, due largely to
lower positive fair values of derivative financial instruments. While
positive fair values of interest-rate-related and currency-related
products fell significantly by a total of €10.8bn, securitised debt
instruments increased slightly by €0.4bn and other trading
portfolios by €2.0bn.

Non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups were
€0.8bn, compared with €2.0bn at the end of 2020. The decline
related to portfolio transfers in connection with the sale of the
EMC business to Société Générale. The value at the reporting date
related in particular to the planned sale of Commerzbank Zrt. to
Erste Bank Hungary Zrt.

77


--- Page 12 ---

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Assets | €m pe 31.12.2020" Change

in %
Financial assets —- Amortised cost 299,181 292,142 2.4
Financial assets — Fair value OCI 40,115 42,862 -6.4
Financial assets — Mandatorily fair value P&L 28,432 28,677 -0.9
Financial assets — Held for trading 43,790 52,176 -16.1
Other assets 61,526 90,756 -32.2
Total 473,044 506,613 -6.6
Liabilities and equity 1 €m pe 31.12.2020" Change

in %
Financial liabilities - Amortised cost 373,976 397,725 -6.0
Financial liabilities — Fair value option 19,735 20,104 -1.8
Financial liabilities —- Held for trading 32,957 42,843 -23.1
Other liabilities 16,549 17,367 -4.7
Equity 29,827 28,574 4.4
Total 473,044 506,613 -6.6

1 Figures adjusted due to restatements (see Group financial statements, Note 4).

On the liabilities side, financial liabilities at amortised cost were
down €23.7bn to €374.0bn compared with the end of the previous
year. The decline compared with the end of 2020 was driven by a
significant reduction of €21.1bn in deposits and other financial
liabilities, especially from corporate customers and banks, while
deposits from central banks increased by €3.6bn. Debt securities
issued fell by €2.6bn compared with the end of the previous year.

Financial liabilities under the fair value option were slightly
lower than year-end 2020 at €19.7bn. While debt securities issued
increased slightly by €0.5bn to €2.6bn, deposits fell by €0.8bn.
The decrease was mainly due to lower repo business.

Financial liabilities held for trading were €33.0bn, down
€9.9bn compared with the end of 2020. The decrease was due to
the negative fair values of derivative financial instruments,
especially interest-rate-related derivative transactions, which fell
by €10.6bn.

Provisions increased by €0.6bn year on year to €3.8bn. The
increase was mainly due to the restructuring provisions of
€0.4bn recognised in the reporting year as part of the “Strategy
2024” programme.

Liabilities from disposal groups were €0.7bn, compared with
€2.1bn at the end of 2020. The decline related to portfolio
transfers in connection with the sale of the EMC business to
Société Générale. The planned sale of Commerzbank Zrt. to Erste
Bank Hungary Zrt. had an offsetting effect.

Equity
The equity capital attributable to Commerzbank shareholders
reported in the balance sheet on 31 December 2021 was €25.7bn,
up 3.6% compared with year-end 2020. Further information on
the change in equity can be found on page 153 ff. of the Group
financial statements.

Risk-weighted assets were €175.2bn as at 31 December 2021
and thus €3.4bn lower than at year-end 2020. This change is
mainly attributable to credit and market risk effects, primarily as a
result of decreases in the corporate portfolio through active
strategic management of the efficiency of risk-weighted assets.
offset by mBank, the
implementation of the new regulatory requirements (Capital
Requirements Regulation, CRR I), the model

This was _ partially increases at
adjustment for
regulatory counterparty risks and foreign currency effects. The
decline in risk-weighted ass

both the elimination of pandemic-related high-ri:

‘ts from market risks was caused by

scenarios from
the calculation and by changes in positions. The increase in risk-
weighted assets from operational ri
internal model to the standardised approach had a_ slightly
offsetting effect.

ks due to the switch from the

As at the reporting date, Common Equity Tier 1 capital was
€23.8bn, compared with €23.6bn as at 31 December 2020. In
addition to our net profit for the year, the key factor behind the
increase in Common Equity Tier 1 capital was a rise in the
actuarial gains made by the pension plans. These positive effects
were partially offset by higher regulatory capital deductions. The
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio was thus 13.6%, compared with
13.2% in the previous year.


--- Page 13 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility Management Report
67. Basis of the Cc
73. Economic report

- *

The improvement in the ratio was due in part to the increase in
Common Equity Tier 1 capital, but above all to the decline in risk-
weighted assets. The Tier 1 ratio (with transitional provisions) was
15.5% as at the reporting date, up from 15.0% as at the end of
2020. The increase in Tier 1 capital was chiefly attributable to the
issue of an AT1 bond in the first half of 2021. Grandfathered Tier 2
capital ineligible
transitional provisions, but this decline was offset by the issue of a
subordinated bond with a nominal value of €500m. The total

instruments became due to regulatory

capital ratio (with transitional provisions) was 18.4% as at the
reporting date, compared with 17.7% as at the end of 2020. Own
funds increased by €0.6bn year on year to €32.2bnas at
31 December 2021.

The leverage ratio based on the CRD V/CRR II rules applicable
on the reporting date, which is equal to Tier 1 capital divided by
5.2%, both

leverage ratio exposure, with transitional

provisions and fully loaded.

was

The Bank complies with all regulatory requirements. This
information includes the consolidated profit
Commerzbank shareholders and eligible for regulatory purposes.

attributable to

Funding and liquidity of the
Commerzbank Group

The liquidity management of the Commerzbank Group is the
responsibility of Group Treasury, which is represented in all major

ommerzbank G

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

nce
tunities re

Group locations in Germany and abroad and has reporting lines in
all subsidiaries.
both operational and

management

Liquidity management comprises

strategic Operational liquidity

encompasses management of daily payment inflows and outflows,

components.

planning for payment flows expected in the short term and
management of access to central banks. The division is also
responsible for access to unsecured and secured sources of
funding in the money and capital markets and the management of
the liquidity reserve portfolio. Strategic liquidity management
involves managing maturity profiles for liquidity-relevant assets
and liabilities within specified limits and corridors. Additional
information on this subject can be found in the “Liquidity risk”
section of the Group risk report.

Guidelines for the funding profile and funds are derived from
the business strategy and reflect risk tolerance. The Group's
funding is appropriately diversified in terms of investor groups,
regions, products and currencies. Top-level decisions about
liquidity management are taken by the Group Asset Liability
Committee (ALCO), which meets at regular intervals.

The quantification and limitation of liquidity risks is carried out
via an internal model in which expected cash inflows are
compared against expected cash outflows. The limits set are
monitored by the independent risk function. ALCO and the Board
of Managing Directors receive regular reports on the liquidity risk

situation.

Capital market funding structure’
As at 31 December 2021

Subordinated debt 12%

——

Preferred senior bonds 19 %

Covered Bonds 47%

About €58.5bn

Non-preferred senior bonds 22%

* Based on reported figures.

Commerzbank had access to the money and capital markets at all
times during the reporting period, and its liquidity and solvency
were always adequate. Furthermore, the Bank’s
management is always able to respond promptly to new market
Even against the background
uncertainty due to the coronavirus pandemic, the Bank’s liquidity
situation is comfortable and complies with both internal limits and

liquidity

circumstances. of ongoing

applicable regulatory requirements.

The Commerzbank Group raised a total of €3.6bn in long-term
funding on the capital market in 2021.

Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft issued an AT1 bond in June
under its issuance programme for Additional Tier 1 capital, with a
volume of €500m and a fixed coupon of 4.25% per annum. It has
a perpetual maturity and the first call date is in the period from
October 2027 to April 2028.

79


--- Page 14 ---

80

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

The bond terms for the issue provide for a temporary write-
down in the event that the Bank’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio
(CET1 ratio) drops below 5.125%. With the issue of the bonds,
Commerzbank is further strengthening and optimising its capital
structure.

The Bank also issued a subordinated bond (Tier 2) with a
volume of €500m. This bond has a term of 10.25 years with the
first call date being in the period from September to December
2026 and a fixed coupon of 1.375% per annum.

A preferred senior bond with a total volume of €750m
(including increase) was also issued. The benchmark bond has a
term of four and a half years, and the re-offer spread was on

average 44 basis points over six-month Euribor. A two-year
preferred senior bond with a variable interest rate and a volume of
€700m was issued in November. In addition, a preferred senior
bond with a volume of GBP 250m was placed for the first time.
The bond has a term of three years, and the re-offer spread was
105 basis points over the comparable UK government bond. A
further €0.3bn of preferred and non-preferred senior bonds were
issued as private placements.

mBank issued its first green non-preferred senior bond from
Poland in a €500m benchmark transaction. The bond has a term of
six years with a call option after five years.

Group capital market funding 2021
Volume €3.6bn_

Additional Tier 1 bond €0.5bn

Subordinated Tier 2 bond €0.5bn

Non-preferred senior bonds
€0.6bn

Unsecured
bonds and

capital
€3.6bn

Preferred senior bonds
€2.0bn

The eurozone money markets continued to be significantly
influenced by the coronavirus pandemic and its repercussions.
The ECB is still in the process of implementing the
comprehensive measures it decided on in March 2020 to counter
the economic downturn in the eurozone and the resulting impact
on the financial sector. Under the TLTRO III programme, the ECB
provided banks with additional liquidity of around €1,300bn in
2020. After the ECB announced in December that it would extend
the maximum participation from 50% to 55% of the eligible loan
portfolio from March 2021, Commerzbank made use of this option
and increased its participation by a further €3.6bn. As a result, the
total volume currently amounts to €35.9bn, the maximum possible
volume. The interest rates for the main refinancing operations, the
marginal lending facility and the deposit facility were unchanged.

As at the reporting date, the Bank had a liquidity reserve of
€60.0bn in the form of highly liquid assets. The liquidity reserve
portfolio works as a buffer in stress
with the liquidity risk appetite to ensure that it is kept at the
required size throughout the entire reserve period stipulated by
the Board of Managing Directors. Part of this liquidity reserve is
held in a separate stress liquidity reserve portfolio managed by
Group Treasury to cover liquidity outflows should a stress event

uations. It is funded in line

occur and ensure solvency at all times.

The Bank also holds an intraday liquidity reserve portfolio. As
at the reporting date, the total value of this portfolio was €6.1bn.

At 145.1% (average of the last 12 month-end values),
Commerzbank was well above the minimum 100% level required
for the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR). Commerzbank’s liquidity
situation as at the end of the quarter was therefore comfortable
given its conservative and forward-looking funding strategy.


--- Page 15 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

the
73. Economic report

Summary of 2021 business position

The difficult economic situation in the second year of the
pandemic, with severe encroachments on economic and social life,
meant that 2021 was another particularly challenging year for the
banking sector.

It was also the first year of Commerzbank’s comprehensive
transformation under the “Strategy 2024” programme, and despite
all the adversities it was a good year for Commerzbank. We
achieved a consolidated profit in the 2021 financial year despite
special charges totalling around €2bn, mainly relating to the
restructuring and foreign currency loans at our Polish subsidiary
mBank. That we were able to more than compensate for these
charges was due to significantly lower loan loss provisions and in
particular to very robust customer business. We also showed the
necessary discipline when it came to costs.

In addition to the encouraging key figures, we also made good
progress in the 2021 financial year with the strategic measures we
decided in February and achieved some important milestones: For
example, the gross reduction of 10,000 jobs that is necessary for
the planned cost decrease — to be carried out in a way that is as
socially responsible as possible — is well under way. We agreed a
framework reconciliation of interests and a framework social plan
with the employee representatives in May, and were able to
finalise the partial reconciliations of interests for the respective
divisions by November.

We have also made significant progress with the optimisation
of our branch network, another cornerstone of our strategy: In
Germany, we have reduced the number of branches from around
800 to about 550 as at the end of 2021; most of the road on the
way to the target of 450 branches has already been traversed.

We have faster-than-expected progress in
streamlining our international network. During the year, we shut 6
of a total of 15 locations planned for closure. Added to this was the
sale of our Hungarian subsidiary to Erste Bank Hungary Zrt.,
which was agreed shortly before the end of the year. Thanks to the
cooperation agreement concluded at the same time with Erste

also made

Group, we will actually be able to expand our range of services in
the region for our corporate customers in the future. We are
increasingly relying on partnership models in other areas, too. In
May we announced the streamlining of our capital markets
business through extensive collaboration in equity trading and
equity research with ODDO-BHF.

With a transformation on this scale, there are also issues that
cannot be implemented right away, or where individual
adjustments are necessary. For example, midway through the year
the Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank decided to
terminate the project to outsource securities settlement to HSBC

Transaction Services GmbH with immediate effect due to technical

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

merzbank Gi

portunities report

implementation risks and changed market conditions.
Accordingly, this led to an unplanned impact on earnings.

With business performance in the first quarter already
significantly better than planned, however, we were able to
gradually adjust our guidance regarding 2021 earnings given in
the Annual Report 2020 in line with the ongoing successful
business performance. This was in spite of the difficult operating
environment and a number of special charges.

At the beginning of the year we were still expecting to report a
consolidated loss for the year under review, but we were able to
revise our profit forecast upwards as the year progressed. The
expectations of a risk result of between €-0.8bn and €-1.2bn,
which were formulated against the background of the ongoing
difficult operating environment and risk factors, were also not
borne out over the course of the year. In the second half of the
year, we therefore reduced the expected negative impact of the
risk result for 2021 as a whole to less than €-0.7bn. Overall,
thanks to very robust customer business, significantly lower
provisioning requirements for credit risks, positive remeasurement
effects and a positive tax effect, we were able to more than offset
the special charges incurred in the 2021 financial year, allowing us
to record a consolidated profit in 2021 and significantly improve a
number of the associated profitability indicators.

In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment, the
focus in the 2021 financial year was on implementing the central
initiatives under the “Strategy 2024” programme. The main areas
of focus were the expansion of its online and mobile banking
channels and the digitalisation of processes and procedures. In the
year under review, we once again made noticeable gains in
business with private and The
securities and lending volume in Germany increased by €50bn to
€340bn. Net inflows alone accounted for some €15bn of the

small-business customers.

growth of around €42bn in the securities volume. Retail mortgage
financing grew by a further 7% to around €92bn last year. The
segment proved to be robust despite the challenging environment
and was able to keep operating income almost stable in the 2021
financial year thanks to the high level of customer activity. It also
almost completely offset the negative impact of a further rise in
provisions for foreign currency loans at mBank. Without this
impact, earnings were significantly higher. The risk result was
much lower than we expected despite the ongoing difficult
operating environment caused by the coronavirus pandemic. Costs
in Germany fell slightly as expected, but this was not fully
reflected in total operating expenses for the segment as a whole
due to an increase in costs at mBank. We were nevertheless able
to keep operating expenses at the prior-year level; this did not lead
to an improvement in the cost/income ratio due to the slightly
lower operating income reported. Overall, the segment’s operating
profit rose more strongly than forecast. The operating return on
equity recorded an encouraging increase year on year.

81


--- Page 16 ---

82

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

The performance of the Corporate Clients segment was
characterised by a persistently challenging operating environment
in the past financial year. In addition to economic dependencies
and the repercussions of the coronavirus pandemic, the negative
interest rate environment continued to weigh on the interest
margins attainable in German customer business in particular.
Delivery bottlenecks and rising energy prices also presented
challenges for our customers. By contrast, the capital markets
achieved a pleasing performance thanks to low interest rates and
sustained liquidity. The Mittelstand division recorded positive
income growth compared with the prior-year period. While
income from lending business remained stable, the division
reported higher income from both transaction banking and capital
market business. The International Corporates division recorded a
decline in income, however, attributable in particular to the
strategic reduction in lending and capital market business as part
of the refocusing project. This could be offset only partially by
higher income from transaction banking. The Institutionals
division also saw a trend toward lower income, particularly in
capital market business. By contrast, the division benefited from
an increase in payment transaction income and higher deposit
fees, primarily in cash management. Contrary to our expectations,
the segment recorded a pleasing increase in income overall
compared with the previous year. As expected, the risk result was
significantly below the prior-year figure, which was impacted by
the coronavirus pandemic and the default of a large individual

exposure. Also as expected, operating expenses fell year on year
thanks to successful cost management. Overall, the higher income
and the markedly lower risk result led to a significant increase in
operating profit. The cost/income ratio improved accordingly,
while the operating return on equity also increased significantly
compared with the previous year.

Overall, and despite high special charges, Commerzbank
returned to the black in 2021, the first year of its far-reaching
transformation, posting a consolidated profit of €430m. The basis
for this was good performance in customer business, with
stabilised net interest income and_ significantly higher net
commission income. The Bank reduced its operating costs as
planned. In addition, the risk result was significantly lower in the
second year of the coronavirus pandemic. Overall, the Bank posted
an operating profit of just under €1.2bn, with Commerz Ventures
also contributing to this thanks to another pleasing result. The net
return on equity was still very low at 1.0%, but was in positive
territory again after falling to -11.7% in the previous year. The
cost/income ratio including compulsory contributions was still too
high at 79.3%, but improved compared with the previous year.
The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio rose to 13.6% and thus offers a
solid basis for further implementation of the “Strategy 2024”
programme.


--- Page 17 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

nic F

Financial Statements Further Info:

mation

83. Segment performance

and o

ortunities report

Segment performance

The comments on the segments’ results are based on the segment
structure described on pages 264 ff. of the notes to the Group
financial statements.

More information and explanations regarding restatements of
prior-year figures can be found in Note 61 to the Group financial
statements.

Private and Small-Business
Customers

The Private and Small-Business Customers segment encompasses
branch business in Germany, the comdirect brand, Commerz Real
and the mBank Group. The segment significantly increased the
volume of assets managed for customers, i.e. the sum of lending
and the volume of security accounts, in Germany to around
€340bn in the 2021 financial year. With customer numbers
remaining largely unchanged at around 11 million in Germany and
roughly 5.5 million in Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovakia,
Commerzbank is one of the leading banks for private and small-

business customers in these markets.

Private and Small-Business Customers — earnings performance

Income before risk result 4,694 4,778

Risk result =319 —562

Operating expenses 3,482 3,515

Compulsory contributions 318 331

Operating profit/loss 575 370

Average capital employed 6,175 5,680 8.7
Operating return on equity (%) 93 6.5 28
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) — excl. compulsory

contributions 74.2 73.6 0.6
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) — incl. compulsory

contributions 81.0 80.5 0.5

* Figures adjusted due to IFRS 8.29 (see Group financial statements, Note 61).

Despite a very challenging environment for the banking sector, the
Private and Small-Business Customers segment achieved a
significantly higher operating profit in 2021 than in the previous
year. Higher income from core business, the sharp fall in the risk
and a_ slight
compulsory contributions softened the impact of the additional

result reduction in operating expenses and
provisions for mortgage loans issued in foreign currencies at

mBank. Overall, the operating profit improved by €205m
compared with the prior-year period to €575m.

Total segment income before risk result was €4,694m in the
year under review, down €84m year on year. While all key income
items were higher year on year, the increase of €600m in
provisions for mortgage loans issued in foreign currencies at

mBank had a major negative impact on earnings.

Net interest income increased by €18m to €2,596m year on
year. Interest-bearing business in Germany recorded a significant
increase in income due to the continued growth of the credit
portfolio, particularly in retail mortgage financing and individual
loans. This offset the further significant decline in interest income
from deposit business. Several interest rate rises imposed by
Poland’s central bank in the final quarter of 2021 have already had
a noticeably positive impact on mBank’s deposit business,
meaning that its net interest income, including effects from
volume growth in lending business, remained almost at the prior-
year level.

Net commission income was the main income driver in the year
under review in the two core regions of Germany and Poland. It
increased by a total of €271m to €2,422m, with double-digit
growth rates in both regions. In Germany, the increase resulted
from material growth in the volumes of security accounts and the

83


--- Page 18 ---

84

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

ongoing very high volume of customer transactions. The increase
at mBank was mainly due to price adjustments in retail banking
and corporate client business and to higher fees in lending
business.

Among the other earnings components, the fair value result
increased by €135m to €367m, primarily due to positive
remeasurement effects for a financial investment in Germany.
The increase in negative other net income to €-720m in 2021,
from €-237m in the previous year, primarily reflected the
substantial rise of €600m in provisions for mortgage loans issued
in foreign currencies at mBank. Provisions in connection with the
ruling of the German Federal Court of Justice on price adjustments
with private customers were also recognised under this item.

The risk result fell significantly to €-319m, compared with
€-562m in the previous year. After a high level of loan loss
provisions was recognised in connection with the effects of the
coronavirus pandemic in the previous year, a significantly lower
level of loan loss provisions was required in the year under review,
particularly in Germany. The TLA for the segment was almost
entirely attributable to the Small-Business Customers portfolio and
was €-126m as at the reporting date, compared with €-129m in
the previous year.

Operating expenses were reduced by €33m in the period under
review to €3,482m. Cost reductions in the domestic market were
offset by somewhat higher expenses at mBank. The total cost of
compulsory contributions was also slightly reduced in both core
regions, falling from €331m in the prior-year period to €318m.

Overall, the Private and Small-Business Customers segment
posted a pre-tax profit of €575m for the period under review,

Corporate Clients —- earnings performance

compared with a pre-tax loss of €-1,209m in the previous year.

The prior-year included of €1,578m

recognised on intangible assets.

figure

impairments

Corporate Clients

The Corporate Clients segment comprises four reporting areas.
The Mittelstand, Corporates and
divisions are responsible for business with our core customers: the
Mittelstand division covers Mittelstand (SME) customers and
domestic large corporates with the relevant products they require.
The International Corporates division looks after corporate clients
headquartered abroad and large German multinational companies.
The _ Institutionals responsible — for
relationships with banks in Germany and abroad, as well as those
with central banks and selected non-bank financial institutions

International Institutionals

division is managing

(NBFIs) such as insurance companies and pension funds.

The segment offers customers the complete range of products
of an international full-service bank, from traditional credit
products and individually tailored financing solutions to cash
management and trade finance, investment and hedging products
and customised capital market solutions. The Others division
handles all business that either has a cross-segment risk
management function or falls outside the strategic focus of the
Corporate Clients segment. This
transferred from the former run-off segments and effects from
hedging positions.

mainly relates to assets

€m P| 2020" Change in
%/%-points

Income before risk result 3,168 3,056 3.7

Risk result -149 -1,081 —86.2

Operating expenses 2,267 2,327 -2.6

Compulsory contributions 96 113 14.7

Operating profit/loss 656 465

Average capital employed 9,891 11,280 -12.3

Operating return on equity (%) 6.6 -4.1 10.7

Cost/income ratio+ in operating business (%) — excl. compulsory

contributions 71.6 76.2 -4.6

Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) — incl. compulsory

contributions 74.6 79.8 -5.3

1 Figures adjusted due to IFRS 8.29 (see Group financial statements, Note 61)

The performance of the Corporate Clients segment was
characterised by a persistently challenging operating environment

in the year under review. In addition to economic dependencies

and the repercussions of the coronavirus pandemic, the negative
interest rate environment continued to weigh on the interest
margins attainable in German customer business in particular.


--- Page 19 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility Management Report

mic report

83 Segment performance

Delivery bottlenecks and rising energy prices also presented
challenges in customer business. By contrast, the capital markets
achieved a positive performance thanks to low interest rates and
sustained liquidity, leading to higher contributions from fair value
items. On the back of a significantly lower risk result, the
Corporate Clients segment recorded an operating profit of €656m,
compared with an operating loss of €-465m in the prior-year
period. The prior-year figure included high valuation allowances
for credit risks and expenses from negative remeasurement
effects.

The Mittelstand division recorded positive income growth
compared with the prior-year period. While income from lending
business remained stable, the division reported higher income
from both transaction banking and capital market business. The
International Corporates division recorded a decline in income,
however, attributable in particular to the strategic reduction in
lending and capital market business as part of the refocusing
project. This could be offset only partially by higher income from
transaction banking. The Institutionals division also saw a trend
toward lower income, particularly in capital market business. By
contrast, the division benefited from an increase in payment
transaction income and higher deposit fees, primarily in cash
management. The Others division, which includes hedging and
remeasurement effects in particular, recorded a_ positive
performance after a negative impact on earnings in the previous
year.

In the year under review, income before risk result was €113m.
higher than in the prior-year period at €3,168m. At €1,689m, net
interest income was down €35m on the prior-year level, while net
commission income of €1,248m exceeded the prior-year level by
€41m. Net income from financial assets and liabilities measured at
fair value through profit or loss improved markedly to €257m,
€103m higher than the figure for the prior-year period.

The risk result in the Corporate Clients segment in the period
under review was €-149m, compared with €-1,081m in the prior-
year period, which was affected in particular by the coronavirus
pandemic and the default of a large individual exposure. As at the
reporting date, the proportion of the TLA attributable to the
segment was €-392m, with an allocation of €-18m recognised in
profit or loss being made in 2021.

Operating expenses were €2,267m, down €60m on the prior-
year figure. The decline resulted from lower personnel and
administrative expenses achieved through strict cost management.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

tunities re

The reported compulsory contributions of €96m relate primarily to
the European banking levy. Compulsory contributions of €113m
were recorded in the previous year.

Overall, the pre-tax profit from continuing operations was
€656m, compared with a pre-tax loss of €-465m in the previous
year.

Others and Consolidation

The Others and Consolidation segment comprises the income and
expenses which are not attributable to the business segments.
Others covers, for example, Group Treasury, equity holdings not
allocated to the business segments and overarching specific
matters such as expenditure on regulatory fees. Consolidation
reconciles the figures shown in segment reporting with the Group
financial statements in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS). Others and Consolidation also covers
the result of the staff, management and support functions, which
are charged to the segments. In addition, restructuring expenses
for the Group are reported centrally in this segment.

The Others and Consolidation segment reported an operating
loss of €-48m for 2021, compared with an operating loss of €-
139m in the prior-year period. The improvement was attributable
to an improved Group Treasury result, which recorded higher
income from investments in securities and from bond sales in the
liquidity portfolio compared with the 2020 financial year, and in
particular to net positive remeasurement effects, the deferral of
income from targeted longer-term refinancing operations
(TLTROs) with the ECB, a change in the estimated remaining term
of a liability, which had a negative impact on the previous year,
and lower net loan loss provisions for a residual portfolio in the
dissolved Asset & Capital Recovery segment. This was offset by the
negative impact on earnings resulting from the termination of the
project to outsource securities settlement to HSBC Transaction
Services GmbH, net negative effects from the recognition and
reversal of provisions and consolidation adjustments.

Others and Consolidation recorded a pre-tax loss of €-1,125m
for 2021. This figure included restructuring expenses of €1,078m
relating to the implementation of the “Strategy 2024” programme.

85


--- Page 20 ---

86

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Outlook and opportunities report

The coronavirus pandemic will continue to have a significant
impact on the global economy in the current year. The currently

high number of new coronavirus infections is expected to
decrease sustainably in spring 2022, in a similar way to last year.
While more and more countries have now started to relax their
coronavirus restrictions, the materials and delivery bottlenecks are
likely to persist for some time.

China is also seeing repeated coronavirus outbreaks at regional
level, with the authorities responding by imposing lockdown
measures. While they are only likely to affect the economy to a
limited extent, these measures are nevertheless a negative factor.
The economic outlook for China is also clouded by turbulence on
the real estate market, the worsening situation on the labour
market and high levels of corporate debt. Last but not least,
China’s economic performance is being overshadowed by the
unresolved trade conflict with the USA, which China is responding
to with a costly self-sufficiency strategy. This all points to a further
slowdown in economic growth in 2022.

The US economy is set to enjoy further strong growth of 3.8%
in 2022, with the sharp rise in employment increasing the incomes
of working households. Private households also have high levels of
savings that they have been forced to accumulate over the last few
years due to limited opportunities for consumption. This money is
also available for consumption. Additional growth stimulus can be
expected when companies replenish their depleted inventories.

After a hard winter, the eurozone economy is likely to recover
strongly from spring onwards when coronavirus restrictions may
largely be lifted. As in the USA, the economy can expect to enjoy
an additional boost once people start to spend some of the
extensive savings they built up during the crisis while shops were
closed. However, it is likely to be some time yet before contact-
intensive services recover fully from the coronavirus pandemic.

The recovery is also being supported by the continuation of the
highly expansive monetary and fiscal policy. The suspension of the
Stability and Growth Pact will continue into 2022, meaning that
member states will still be allowed to have budget deficits that

exceed 3% of GDP. EU member states will also receive increased
funds from the Recovery and Resilience Facility in 2022 in the
form of loans and non-repayable grants. We are expecting annual
average growth of 3.5% for the eurozone economy in 2022, and
growth of 3.0% in Germany.

The escalation of the Russia-Ukraine conflict represents a
significant risk for the economic outlook. If Russia were to curb or
even completely stop energy exports, it would at least short-term
lead to energy shortages in Western Europe. Restrictions on
production, especially in energy-intensive sectors, would hardly be
avoided. At the same time, energy prices would continue to rise,
significantly reducing the purchasing power of households. In this
case, at least in Germany, a recession would be hard to avoid.

The performance of the financial markets in 2022 will depend
as rarely before on inflation and how it is perceived. In the USA,
where labour costs are already rising sharply and prices are
increasing across the board, the Federal Reserve will react to the
high inflation. We are expecting its key interest rate be raised by a
total of 150 basis points by the end of 2022. The ECB is also likely
to end its bond purchases in the summer and raise its deposit
facility rate in two steps from -0.5% to 0% during the second half
of the year. This policy should enable the ECB to largely shield the
euro bond market from disruptive influences from the USA in
2022. The yield on ten-year German Bunds is likely to be negative
for large periods of 2022, while interest rates will remain low for
another year. The DAX therefore remains attractive with a
dividend yield of just under 3%. Admittedly, the approaching start
of the rate hikes and the Russian-Ukraine crisis have led to some
sharp falls in prices. However, starting in the spring, with
economic growth likely to be strong again, gains can be expected,
provided geopolitical
recession in the euro area were to occur in the wake of the

conflicts do not escalate further. If a

Ukraine conflict, the ECB would probably delay the change in
interest rates further.

The euro is likely to appreciate slightly against the US dollar in
2022, as the markets believe the ECB is now also taking more
decisive action to combat inflation risks. We are anticipating a
euro/US dollar exchange rate of 1.16 at the end of 2022.

Exchange rates 31.12.2021 31.12.2022"
Euro/US-dollar 1.14 1.16
Euro/Sterling 0.84 0.87
Euro/Zloty 4.59 4.70

1 The figures for 2022 are Commerzbank forecasts.


--- Page 21 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

at

Financial Statement:

Information

86 Outlook and opportunities report

Future situation in the
banking sector

The outlook for the banking industry remains very challenging.
Planning uncertainties and risks are still massively higher as a
result of the coronavirus pandemic. The constant emergence of
new variants means that infection rates worldwide have so far not
been effectively reduced. For the global economy, the prospect of
further waves of infection and the associated countermeasures is
the central forecasting risk for the coming months. This
uncertainty has led to considerably higher volatilities in the
valuation of assets, placing a significant burden on the global
banking sector in terms of income expectations, risk provisioning
and capital requirements.

With the future course of the coronavirus pandemic still
uncertain, neither industry nor the trade and service sectors are
likely to be able to contribute much to economic growth in the first
few months of the current year. Business with corporate and
small-business customers will therefore remain under pressure in
the first half of the year. A recovery should gradually take shape in
the second half of the year, however. German banks’ interest and
commission business will benefit from the revival of the export
industry, which is so important for the country’s economy. The
weakness of the euro against the US dollar as a result of the
interest rate differential strengthens the price competitiveness of
German exporters. Retail banking business is likely to benefit from
private consumption, which is set to pick up considerably again in
the next few months after people largely tended to prioritise
saving during the coronavirus crisis. Demand for residential
mortgages is also likely to continue unabated, driven by the lack of
affordable housing and the related boom in new building, and in
particular by the persistently low level of interest rates. However,
retail banking business continues to offer only limited income
potential due to the strong national competition among banks and
the narrow interest margins.

Even before the coronavirus crisis, the prospect of prolonged
low interest rates was seen as one of the key challenges for the
banking sector. the far-reaching
impact of with bond purchase

Central banks reacted to
economic the pandemic
programmes, extensive liquidity provision and a zero interest rate
policy. This has improved banks’ liquidity position and financing
situation, but at the same time puts ongoing pressure on interest

margins and thus adversely impacts income in the financial sector.

Government lending programmes are also having a negative
impact on banks’ interest margins and profitability. Achievable net
interest margins are therefore very low throughout Europe, but
particularly in the German banking market. At the same time,
refinancing costs have risen due to the growth in customer
deposits.

The extremely accommodative monetary policy is reaching its
limits, and the global interest rate markets are positioning
themselves for a fundamental regime change. Inflation has risen
sharply all over the world, and the rapid pace of this inflation is
pushing more and more central banks towards abandoning their
expansive monetary policy. That is why the Bank of England
announced a first interest rate rise in mid-December 2021, and
why the US Federal Reserve is implementing tapering measures in
the form of reduced bond purchases. The Fed is also considering
raising key interest rates in several small steps during the current
year. By contrast, the ECB is so far anticipating only a temporary
rise in inflation. It therefore intends to maintain its extremely
expansive monetary policy for the time being and not raise its key
interest rate in the foreseeable future. As such, the interest rate-
related pressure on income in the European banking sector is set
to continue. Even the two-tier system for reserve remuneration
implemented by the ECB, which exempts part of banks’ excess
liquidity holdings from the negative deposit rate, only mitigates
the negative consequences of the low interest rate environment to
a limited extent. To increase revenues in the highly important
interest business, banks are not only raising lending rates and fees
but also introducing negative interest rates across the board in the
form of custody fees on customer deposits. All in all, there is
currently barely any scope for the vast majority of banks in the
German market to improve their margins across the board.

Long-term loans increase the banking sector’s exposure to
interest rate risks and harbour the risk of losses in the value of
property pledged as loan collateral. According to the Bundesbank,
residential property prices in Germany — including outside of
metropolitan areas —- were up to 30% above the level justified by
fundamentals even back in 2020. According to the Association of
German Pfandbrief Banks, the overall residential index in
Germany rose further in the first three quarters of 2021 by a
cumulative 11% compared with 2020. A further significant
increase in housing prices is also expected for the current year. In
parallel with the rising prices, the sum of housing loans granted by
German banks to domestic private households, by far the largest
group of borrowers, is also likely to increase after having already
risen in the first three quarters of 2021.


--- Page 22 ---

88

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Against this background, in its most recent Financial Stability
Review published in November 2021 the ECB called for
macroprudential measures in the financial sector to counter
developments in the German residential real estate market. In mid-
January 2022, the Bundesbank’s financial stability committee then
proposed stricter capital requirements for German banks. The
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority is therefore planning to
raise the countercyclical capital buffer from the current 0% to
0.75% by 1 February 2023 and introduce a sectoral systemic risk
buffer of 2.0% of risk-weighted assets on loans secured by
residential real estate.

The outlook for trading business is more favourable than for
the dominant interest-bearing business, although many
institutions have already withdrawn partially or even completely
from this area of activity. Even the current boom in cashless
payment transactions is only benefiting banks’ commission-
bearing payment services business to a limited extent due to
strong competition from fintech companies. This market segment
remains fiercely competitive, with online banks, fintech companies
and big tech players such as PayPal, Apple and Google looking to
further increase their market share, especially in digital payments.
Services such as Klarna’s “Buy now, pay later” offering are having
a marked impact on consumer behaviour. Cryptocurrency custody
and trading services are also becoming more important. By
contrast, the outlook for banks’ securities commission business is
better than that for payment transactions. It is highly likely that the
number of private shareholders in Germany will
increase over the next few years due to the lack of investment
alternatives in the low interest rate environment. This will

continue to

benefit
direct banks in particular, as they are likely to see further
significant growth in new customers. The growing popularity of
digital and mobile products has also led to increased demand for
individual financial advice among bank customers in recent
months, however, as they are less comfortable with technology
and hugely unsettled by the economic turbulence. Given the
existing demand for advice on complex banking transactions such
as retail mortgage financing, branch business will therefore
remain part of the basic service provided by banks, albeit in a
pared back form.

In view of the income problems and ongoing competitive
pressure, cost reduction remains the main issue both for German
banks their European competitors. result,
digitalisation of business processes and the utilisation of the data
generated will advance rapidly. The pandemic has already
massively accelerated the trend towards digital banking services.
This calls for highly automated IT processes and comprehensive
data analytics measures that permit rapid adjustments in response
to changing market conditions.

and for As a

The trends in customer behaviour that have been accelerated
during the crisis — more online banking and new payment habits —
are set to continue. Engagement banking puts the focus on the
customer, with services and_ solutions tailored to their
requirements. Financial institutions that focus increasingly on
customers’ use of multimedia channels and offer a wide range of
online banking tools, robo-advisory services and_ tailor-made
financial solutions will be at an advantage in the future. This is
encouraging the increasing shift away from branch-based retail
banking, resulting in efficiency gains and a reduction in the range
of products and services but also making it more difficult to
generate commission income. In addition to ever shorter
innovation cycles and faster product delivery, the new digital
business models also entail the use of new technologies such as
the cloud and artificial intelligence. At the same time, despite the
pressure to innovate and reduce costs many traditional banks are
faced with the challenge of ensuring the quality and stability of
their IT systems, protecting themselves against the growing threat
of cyber attacks and maintaining the integrity of their data.

Against this background, the German banking market in
particular is on the brink of a major upheaval. In the longer term,
the number of banks will be drastically reduced and competition
will further intensify as more and more global technology groups,
fintechs and foreign banks, along with market infrastructure
providers stock exchanges, clearing houses and
information service providers, offer a selection of traditional
banking products. It seems unlikely that competitors from the tech
segment will provide a full range of banking services, however. A.
significantly stricter regulatory framework for financial market
players outside of the traditional banking sector, as recently
advocated by the Bank for International Settlements (BIS), is also
likely to limit the current competitive advantages of young fintech

companies in the foreseeable future. Ultimately, European banks

such as

must continuously invest in improving their digital competitiveness
to avoid losing their direct access to customers and the data
advantage that goes with it. This will require a huge effort given
their weak income situation. Positive returns can only be achieved
through additional cost reductions and further expansion of
commission-based business areas.

In the long term, the banking sector will be shaped by the
further development of the European monetary union into an
integrated financial market union. The aim of the European
Commission’s digital finance strategy is to establish a financial
market that applies uniform EU-wide rules and thus ensures
technology neutrality and sustainability as well as identical
framework conditions for all providers.


--- Page 23 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

ent pe

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

>rmance

86 Outlook and opportunities report

Many banking markets in Europe are still shaped by national
legislation, with at times significant divergence in terms of
regulations and customer requirements. There is also overcapacity
almost everywhere, which reduces profitability. Although the
market consolidation process is continuing, with the number of
banks falling steadily both in Germany and in Europe over the past
few years, this has mainly involved smaller banks being taken over
or merged with one another. Greater consolidation is being
prevented above all by the marked rise in the risks associated with
takeovers and mergers compared with the past, which is due to
the increasing importance of technology for sales channels.

For the time being, the target of European banking union
remains unachieved, with the lack of an EU-wide deposit
insurance scheme (EDIS) in particular preventing further market
integration. This in turn means that countries still have a great
deal of scope for national discretion when it comes to banking
regulation. Progress is being made, however, with the completion
of the Basel 3 capital rules. Basel 4 (officially Basel 3: Finalising
post-crisis reforms) contains regulatory innovations that have not
yet been (fully) incorporated into the Capital Requirements
Regulation and Capital Requirements Directive. As these are
recommendations, all EU member states need to transpose them
into national law. Basel 4 introduces new standards that banks
must use to calculate their capital requirements. These include
enhanced risk sensitivity of the standardised approaches, a rising
leverage ratio for global systemically important banks (G-SIBs),
more detailed disclosure of reserves and credit risks and a
standardised floor for risk-weighted assets (RWA). Under the
latter, the capital requirement must not fall below 72.5% of the
requirement under the standardised approach (output floor). In
addition, internal models are no longer to be used to determine
capital requirements for operational risks. The Basel 4 reforms
were originally scheduled to come into effect in January 2022, but
were postponed as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. Definitive
implementation in the EU is now scheduled for 2025 onwards. The
UK has also eased its timetable for implementing the Basel
standards.

In addition to the way in which we will use money in the future,
and the role of central bank money in this, banking regulation is
focusing increasingly on the management of ESG (environmental,
social and governance) risks. Climate change in particular is one
of the great challenges of our time.

With this in mind, the EBA intends to embed climate and
environmental risks more firmly in banks’ risk management
processes over the next few years, including mandatory disclosure
of climate risks and a climate stress test in the current year.
Climate risks are also set to be a focus of future ECB stress tests,
enabling banks to better assess their consequences for their
business environment. According to the Bundesbank, the German
financial system is well equipped to overcome the risks arising
from higher taxes on fossil fuels on the journey to a climate-
friendly economy. However, the financing requirements of the
European Commission’s planned green deal could lead to green
quantitative easing. This is new, and moreover not uncontroversial,
because to date none of the world’s central banks have pursued a
monetary policy that is explicitly oriented towards climate
protection goals.

The National Bank of Poland (NBP) began to hike its key
interest rate in October 2021 after previously cutting it in response
to the coronavirus crisis. The increasingly restrictive monetary
policy is helping to improve interest margins in the Polish banking
sector. It remains to be seen, however, whether a decline in the
quality of the loan portfolio will lead to significantly higher risk
costs and increased loan defaults. The economic environment is
still extremely fragile, and sharp rises in consumer prices are
impacting the real disposable income of private households.
Overall, bank earnings are likely to remain under pressure, while
the trend towards consolidation in the Polish banking market is set

to continue.

Financial outlook for the
Commerzbank Group

Planned funding measures

Due to participation in TLTRO III and the optimisation of risk-
weighted assets as part of the new business strategy, the funding
plan for 2021 was reduced from the original volume of less than
€5bn to less than €3bn. The funding plan for 2022 envisages a
return to a somewhat higher volume of just under €5bn.
Commerzbank’s borrowing on the capital market is influenced by
the TLTRO refinancing option and the optimisation of risk-
weighted assets as part of the new business strategy.

89


--- Page 24 ---

90

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Commerzbank has access to the capital market through a broad
range of products. In addition to unsecured funding instruments
(preferred and non-preferred senior bonds, Tier 2 subordinated
debt and Additional Tier 1 capital), Commerzbank can also issue
secured funding instruments, in particular mortgage Pfandbriefe
and public-sector Pfandbriefe for refinancing purposes. As such,

Pfandbriefe are a key element of Commerzbank’s funding mix.
These give Commerzbank stable access to long-term funding with
cost advantages compared with unsecured sources of funding.
Issuance formats range from large-volume benchmark bonds to
private placements.

Group maturity profile of capital market issues as at 31 Dezember 2021
€bn

12
, LJ
| = =
2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 >2032
1M Covered Bonds Unsecured bonds, I Subordinated debt
By regularly reviewing and adjusting the assumptions used for In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment,

liquidity management and the long-term funding requirement,
Commerzbank will continue to respond actively to changes in the
market environment and business performance in order to secure
a comfortable liquidity cushion and an appropriate funding
structure.

Planned investments

Commerzbank is planning a total of €1.7bn in direct costs for IT
investments under “Strategy 2024”, €0.5bn of which relates to the
2022 financial year. Just under half of the investment for the
current year relates to the restructuring of the business model and
the digitalisation of retail banking business. The other half will be
invested in the further digitalisation of processes in corporate
client business, the IT infrastructure and regulatory measures.

Private and Small-Business Customers
The main investment targets for the branch bank in 2022 are the
central initiatives relating to the “Strategy 2024” programme.

Commerzbank is building on the milestones achieved in 2021 to
further develop the digital and personal customer relationship
management model. The main focus is on creating a digital
advisory bank — complete with comprehensive mobile offerings —
and achieving greater penetration of the Wealth Management,
Private Banking and premium Small-Business Customers segments
through supplementary services and personal advice.

The migration to our digital platform ONE will be largely
completed in 2022. Other key service and _product-relevant
functions will also be implemented in the areas of accounts, cards,
deposits and securities, along with functions relating to the
creation and management of personal data.

The technological foundations laid in 2021 to ensure an
individualised customer approach across all sales channels will be
further expanded in 2022.

Particular emphasis will be placed on the stability and
optimisation of securities transaction processes and on the further
development and digitalisation of securities products. Our new
“money mate” securities solution, due to launch in 2022, is not
just another product but the start of a new and innovative concept
for digital asset management.


--- Page 25 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

83

at

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

86 Outlook and opportunities report

A large portion of the investments will support the ongoing
digitalisation of lending platforms in order to optimise customer
service during the application process, particularly in retail
mortgage financing. To facilitate the rollout of the new application
process for retail mortgage financing planned for 2022, further
investment is required to acquire the relevant software and adapt
it to customer-specific requirements.
planning further investments in the existing loan process to
digitalise existing manual processing steps and achieve further
efficiency gains. With regard to instalment loans, the focus is on
expanding omni-channel capability and the ability to conclude
transactions in the banking app. In deposits, we plan to further
grow our digital customer offering and at the same time create a
significantly This
ongoing end-to-end digitalisation of the settlement process for
time deposits.

A large portion of the investments will be used to expand the

Commerzbank is also

improved customer experience. includes

nline banking channel. The focus here is on implementing a new
technological base and a new customer experience. To this end,
we are gradually creating a completely new approach to day-to-
day banking services, offering customers a modern and
functionally improved customer experience for online payment
transactions and an overview of their finances and transactions. A
financial analysis function is also being rolled out in online
banking, giving customers a simple way to obtain an overview of
their financial situation.

The systematic expansion of the banking app to create a
complete sales and service channel will also be continued in 2022.
Planned measures include further expansion of the financial
analysis function and the introduction of the financial compass in
the banking app to give customers a 360-degree perspective of
their financial situation. Additional self-service functions will also
be rolled out in the app.

Another area of investment is the future digitalisation of
incoming and outgoing mail, with the aim of further enhancing the
digital experience for our customers and making our processes
more efficient. There is to be a further significant reduction in
paper consumption, with documents made available in digital form
whenever possible.

As well as establishing a digital bank in the German market,
Commerzbank will continue to focus on improving the efficiency
of its branch business in 2022. We are benefiting in this regard
from the successful first stage in the expansion of the advisory
centre. Commerzbank will press ahead with this expansion in
2022, with the aim of giving all customers 24/7 access to expert
contact persons for day-to-day banking and needs-oriented
advisory services.

In terms of regulation, the focus in 2022 will be on further
consolidating “know-your-customer” (KYC) processes to ensure
the effective and resource-efficient management of compliance
risks. Key tasks will be the technical implementation of the next
review date for individuals and legal entities, and preparation for
the use of the workflow system already in place in the Corporate
Clients segment as part of the KYC review process for legal
entities. In addition, further
connection with final implementation of the requirements of the
EU’s amended Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID)
and the Disclosure Regulation for the technical integration of
sustainability preferences into the Bank’s investment advisory and
asset management processes. Adjustments are also planned to
implement the new guidelines published by the European
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on appropriateness and
execution-only requirements, and due to the expiry of the
transitional periods in the EU's PRIIPs (packaged retail and

investments will be made in

insurance-based investment products) Regulation. Furthermore,
the technical foundations are currently being laid to ensure that
customer consent required for contract amendments can in future
be obtained on a process-specific basis.

Corporate Clients
Investments in the Corporate Clients segment in 2022 will
continue to focus on the implementation of Commerzbank’s
strategic objectives, targeting the development of a business
model offering differentiated, efficient relationship management,
the the
digitalisation projects.
Commerzbank focuses on German SMEs, large companies and
institutional customers. The restructuring of its local presence will
be continued by bundling back office functions in regional service
units and optimising the correspondent bank portfolio. The

creation of technical infrastructure and further

transformation will be further advanced by converting sales
locations while con-solidating platforms at the same time.

Profitability will be significantly increased, for instance by
further — digitali optimising pricing and, in
particular, making greater use of data-driven services. The product
range will be made more efficient and increasingly digital.

ing processes,

91


--- Page 26 ---

92

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Investments in transaction banking will focus on modernising
the system landscape for payment transactions. The worldwide
migration of payment transactions networks requires further
investment in system adaptation both in Germany and abroad.

To further digitalise the Trade Finance product range and thus
make it even more attractive for our customers, there will be
further investment in products based on distributed ledger
technology and in cooperations that offer additional benefits for
our customers.

Further improvements in communication between IT systems
will enable us to work even more closely with our customers and
partners.

IT & Operations

Commerzbank will continue the ongoing optimisation of its IT
structure in 2022, with further significant investments in the
expansion of cloud technology and the digitalisation of the
workplace environment.

Commerzbank therefore remains on track with the
digitalisation and streamlining of its business. On the IT side, the
Bank will also focus on modernising the IT architecture and
putting the technological base on a more professional footing.

The transaction banking business will
in the renewal of the system landscape for payment transactions,
with a view to establishing a solid basis for expansion with
additional products. The worldwide migration of payment

transactions networks for consistent use of IS020022 XML

see further investments

messages will also require investment in order to adapt systems
both in Germany and abroad.

The digitalisation of the product range will also continue. In
addition to digital account management and the expansion of
functions in the online portals, the focus is on account access via
APIs (application programming interfaces), virtual accounts and
expanded SWIFT services.

In the current financial year, we are also anticipating a growing
need for investments in connection with the implementation of
regulatory requirements. Investments to further optimise costs,
increase automation and boost IT and operational stability are also
planned.

Anticipated liquidity trends

The short-term repo market in high-quality securities such as
government bonds, agencies and Pfandbriefe (high-quality liquid
assets or HQLA) is still functioning even in the face of the
coronavirus pandemic and plays an important role in servicing the
bond markets and financing portfolios.

The Eurosystem and its securities lending programme for
holdings under the asset purchase programme (APP) and
pandemic emergency purchase programme (PEPP) are important
methods for meeting collateral requirements in trading activities,
particularly with respect to German government bonds. Under the
APP, the ECB intends to make net purchases of €40bn in the
second quarter of 2022 and €30bn in the third quarter. The net
purchases of assets are due to continue at a monthly rate of €20bn
from October 2022 and will only be discontinued shortly before
the next interest rate increase. Net purchases for the PEPP
programme are set to be lower in the first quarter of 2022 than
they have been to date, before then being phased out towards the
end of March 2022. For the ECB, the question of which approach
to adopt going forward will then hinge on the further course of the
pandemic and on the inflation trend.

In addition to collateralisation for TLTROs, a further key driver
of the HQLA collateral markets is demand due to the mandatory
collateralisation obligation for over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives
under bilateral initial margin requirements, as well as margin
payments for
counterparties. Collateral eligible for discounting at the central
bank is still in demand following the TLTRO increase in March
2021, meaning that the euro repo markets in HQLA will remain
more expensive than the ECB deposit facility. We expect the
market to remain at this level for as long as the ECB continues to

derivatives and repos settled via central

provide support through monetary policy measures. Investors are
generally less willing to make their collateral available over the
medium term (longer than three months), meaning that the market
for term repos still offers only limited liquidity, especially across
important reporting dates.

The situation on the bond markets is also being shaped by the
ECB’s asset purchase programme and the high level of excess
liquidity. Liquidity in the secondary markets, which in this context
is already significantly reduced, will thus remain low. Despite
rising government debt, we expect German government bond
yields to remain very low, even in the long-term segment (yields
are currently negative up to 30 years), due mainly to the ongoing
high demand from the ECB. Demand for returns among financial
investors will also continue to be very strong, causing credit
spreads to remain tight.


--- Page 27 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

at

Financial Statement:

Information

86 Outlook and opportunities report

Managing opportunities at
Commerzbank

The demands placed on modern, sustainable banking business
and the overall framework conditions have changed markedly in
the past few years. Whereas personal customer relationship
management was formerly a key element of banking, these days
customers expect multi-channel advisory services, digital financial
offerings and individual, tailor-made products that are available at
any time. We have responded to this by continuously adapting our
strategic direction over the past few years. The aim of the
“Strategy 2024” programme approved in February 2021 is to
combine the benefits of a fully digitalised bank with personal
focus and

advisory customer

sustainability. Our mission is to become the number one digital

services, an unwavering
advisory bank in Germany. With our new positioning, we want to
become more efficient and create sustainable prospects for our
workforce, customers and shareholders.

Going forward, the Bank will consistently put profitability
before growth, particularly when it comes to the efficient use of
capital or adequate pricing of products and services. mBank will
continue to press ahead with its explicit growth strategy as part of
the Group, while Commerzbank will
securities and residential mortgage loans business with retail
customers despite the difficult operating environment.

At the same time, we are significantly reducing our costs so
that we can operate profitably again over the long term. This is to

continue to expand its

be achieved by simplifying our location network, organisational

structures, processes and customer relationship
management model.

As part of its comprehensive digitalisation, the Bank will
significantly streamline its branch network and expand its range of
digital services. The remaining branches will provide advice on all
aspects of accounts, cards and instalment loans, while many will
also offer comprehensive relationship management on all matters
relating to wealth management and financing. The round-the-clock
relationship management services provided via the advisory centre
will be significantly expanded,
automate our business processes across the board. Within the
credit process for private customers, this includes standardised
products such as instalment loans or increases in credit card

limits. We are gradually introducing an innovative direct banking

products,

and we will systematically

offering — Mittelstandsbank Direkt - for corporate customers who
require standardised products and advisory services. Corporate
customers with complex advisory requirements will continue to
benefit from personalised relationship management. Advice is
being combined with innovative services such as the digital bank
for companies and forward-looking, sustainable products. Data-
based solutions and sales analytics support sales and enable
efficient relationship management.

The targeted transformation encompasses strategy, technology,
competencies and culture. Our subsidiaries CommerzVentures (a
venture capital fund that invests in fintech, insurtech and climate
fintech companies) (a research and
development unit for future technologies in the areas of ventures,
prototypes and community building) have also been supporting us
for some time. In the Private and Small-Business Customers

and Main Incubator

segment, the transformation of the business model is based
around two fundamental thrusts. First, to combine comdirect's
digital expertise with Commerzbank’s acknowledged advisory
expertise. In the future, the Bank will provide advice in the form
desired by the customer — be that virtually or in person. The
advisory centre will be the central point of contact for our 11
million or so customers, bringing authentic advisory services to
homes, offices or wherever customers need them. Commerzbank
will also retain an extensive local presence through around 450
branches. Second, to exploit the huge growth potential in the
German premium market and Commerzbank’s
relationship management model for wealthy private individuals

and small-business customers. In the future, both generalists and

reposition

specialists covering a diverse range of customer requirements will
be represented in premium branches at around 220 locations. By
working closely with each other and with colleagues in the
Corporate Clients segment, they will help the Bank ensure
seamless customer service in both the private and the business
sphere. Through this concept, we are laying the foundations to
consolidate our position as the leading bank for German SMEs
(the Mittelstand) and a strong partner to private and small-
business customers. In the Corporate Clients segment, we will in
future focus on offering a streamlined and digitalised product
range to customers with a connection to Germany. We will
continue to serve international corporate clients if they have
business links with Germany or operate in selected future-oriented
sectors such as mobility, sustainability, communications, life
sciences and capital goods. Our international network remains an
important building block.

Commerzbank is driving its cultural change with the aim of
strengthening a performance culture geared to success. We also
want to strengthen entrepreneurial thinking among our own
employees by applying modern forms of cooperation and agile
methods to develop innovative products. To support this, we have
further developed Commerzbank’s delivery organisation. The
tion is to modernise

overarching purpose of this delivery organi:
the IT architecture while maintaining operational stability, expand
capabilities and capacities, and develop new professional

functionalities for our customers.

93


--- Page 28 ---

94

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Customers now approach the Bank via various channels —
offline, online and mobile. They expect these channels to be
closely interlinked and provide a compelling range of products and
services. We recognised this at an early stage, leading us to create
a central multi-channel platform that includes the private customer
and corporate customer portals along with the ONE advisor front-
end. These have all been running in the public cloud since August
2021 and enable Commerzbank to offer its customers innovative
services quickly, automatically and at a high level of quality. Little
by little, instant banking is becoming the new normal.

Our transformation offers both potential cost savings and
growth opportunities in future markets such as digital ecosystems,
embedded finance, digital assets and sustainability. Our activities
in the area of sustainability, one of the four cornerstones of our
“Strategy 2024” programme, are based on ESG (environmental,
social and governance) criteria. Given the clear evidence of the
impact of climate change, we are currently focusing more heavily
on climate protection. For some time now we have been helping to
manage a significant volume of our customers’ green and social
bond issues. We have also issued our own very successful green
bonds, acted as joint lead manager in the issue of the German
federal government's first green bond, expanded our range of
more sustainable investments with the new klimaVest mutual fund,
and are now one of the leading providers of financing for
renewable energy projects in Germany and Europe. One key area
of focus is the provision of financial support for the transition to
tomorrow's low-carbon economy. Further information on our
sustainability strategy can be found in the combined separate non-
financial report on page 40 ff.

Overall, we are convinced that rigorous implementation of the
measures already initiated and those recently adopted will enable
us to create added value for our customers, employees, investors
and shareholders, and for society as a whole. We have a clear goal
in mind: to create a strong Commerzbank that is fit for the future.

Anticipated performance of the

With the “Strategy 2024” programme adopted in February 2021,
Commerzbank has paved the way for a far-reaching transformation
of the business model designed to place the Bank on a more
efficient footing. A sustainable increase in profitability is being
given a much higher priority than business growth. The goal of the
transformation is to achieve a return on equity of more than 7%
by 2024.

The cornerstones of the strategy include the comprehensive
digitalisation of business activities and internal processes along
with further expansion of the Bank’s strengths, such as a high
level of advisory expertise and customer focus. Our ambition is to
become the leading digital advisory bank in Germany, combining
the benefits of a fully digitalised bank with personal advisory
services in order to secure our competitive position and further
strengthen it over the long term. To better comply with its social
responsibility to achieve climate targets,
anchored sustainability as a strategic cornerstone of its banking
activities. This will enable it to take advantage of the opportunities
that arise from corporate and
customers in their transformation to a sustainable economy. The
Bank offers a growing number of sustainable financing and
investment products for private customers. At the same time, it
will be judged on its efforts to achieve a continuous and significant
reduction in its own carbon footprint and to make the Bank

Commerzbank has

supporting small-business

climate-neutral in the long term.

Despite the more difficult operating environment as a result of
the ongoing pandemic, Commerzbank achieved key milestones in
the 2021 financial year in line with its ambitious plans. The
comprehensive restructuring will be continued systematically this
year, with a particular focus on maintaining the high speed of
implementation and constantly reviewing the progress made in
order to initiate any adjustment measures that may become
necessary. The agreement
representative committees last year on the implementation of the
HR measures specific
agreements have already been concluded in a socially responsible
manner for more than half of the employees affected by the
planned headcount reduction. These will reduce the cost base to
an increasingly large extent over time. With a volume of around

reached with the employee

means _ that individual contractual

€2bn, mainly in the past two financial years, Commerzbank has
now borne almost the entire cost of the restructuring measures
required over the full period of the transformation. The impact in
2022 is likely to only be in the double-digit millions. This has
created the basis for substantially reducing total operating costs
by €1.3bn or around 20% by the end of 2024 compared with the
starting point in 2020. More than one-third of the total journey,
which aims to achieve a vastly improved cost/income ratio of 60%,
will have been covered by the end of the current year. Investments
of €1.7bn are also planned for the period from 2021 to 2024,
targeting the development and expansion of digital expertise and
structures and the comprehensive modernisation of the IT
infrastructure.


--- Page 29 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

at

Financial Statement:

Information

86 Outlook and opportunities report

Commerzbank expects the exceptionally challenging operating
environment for the German banking sector to persist throughout
2022. The high degree of uncertainty, particularly with regard to
the further course of the pandemic but also in relation to other
aspects such as the geopolitical situation, means it is significantly
more difficult to make economic forecasts. As such, we have to
expect a higher range of fluctuation in the factors that influence
banking business. The sharp increase in volatility in numerous
segments of the international capital markets since the beginning
of the year clearly demonstrates that major deviations from
assumptions are possible over the course of the year with regard
to expected credit demand or the forecast development of
customer activity in the securities business. While future interest
rate trends at both the short and long end of the yield curve, which
are currently difficult to assess, should primarily result in
additional income opportunities, new risks may also arise. Driven
by the variation in the rate of inflation, interest rates in the two
core markets of Germany and Poland have been moving at very
different speeds since autumn 2021. While Poland’s key interest
rate has already been raised five times since last October, taking it
from its low of 0.1% to 2.75%, the ECB’s refinancing rate remains
negative at -0.5%. Our forecast assumes that the ECB will
maintain this interest rate until the end of 2022. In this difficult
environment, which is still characterised by intense competition,
Commerzbank nevertheless considers itself to be in a very robust
position. This is due in part to the tangible progress made with the
transformation process. The Bank also has an attractive risk profile
by international standards that demonstrated a high degree of
resilience to the pandemic-related stress test. In addition, the
capital ratios reported are well above the regulatory minimum,
reflecting the good risk coverage potential. The consistent and
effective management of all risks will continue to be of paramount
importance for Commerzbank.

The extraordinarily challenging
characterised by uncertainty and numerous imponderables, is
reflected in the forecast that total operating income in the
2022 financial year will be roughly on a par with the previous year.
This is based on the assumption that the high level of income
resulting from the fair value measurement of assets will not be
repeated on the same scale as in the previous year. However, we
anticipate a slight upward trend in income relating to customer
business, namely the sum of net interest income and net

environment, which is

commission income. Net interest income at mBank, which is

benefiting from increases in Poland’s key interest rate that are
boosting margins, is an especially positive contributor in this
regard. This figure already takes into account an expected
reduction in the number of private customers as a result of the
Group’s far-reaching restructuring. Commerzbank is expecting a
risk result of less than €-0.7bn.

Total operating expenses (including compulsory contributions)
are set to be reduced to around €6.3bn in the current year,
reflecting cost savings potential already realised from the
transformation of the business model. Overall, Commerzbank is
aiming to post an operating profit of significantly more than €1bn
in the 2022 financial year. Net income is also expected to be above
€1bn, enabling shareholders to participate in the Bank’s success
through the payment of a dividend.

Anticipated performance of individual earnings
components

Net interest income, the key source of income, is expected to be
slightly higher year on year under the baseline scenario, which
does not envisage any material
interest rates. In the Corporate Clients segment, the main focus

changes in the key eurozone

during the current phase of the transformation is on making more
efficient use of capital resources. Restricting activities to selective
growth focusing primarily on SME customers and discontinuing
non-strategic business, mostly abroad, will result in subdued
lending growth and thus tend to lead to a slight decline in interest
income. The Bank anticipates lending volumes in retail banking
business will grow at a slightly slower pace than last year,
particularly for mortgage loans and loans to business and small-
business customers. Additional interest income from lending
business, together with a further rise in income from passing on
negative interest rates — corporate client business is also expected
to make a positive contribution here — will probably be able to
offset the once again lower interest income expected from deposit
business. The extraordinary income from longer-term refinancing
transactions with the ECB reported under net interest income will
decrease substantially compared with the previous year and is
expected to be more than halved. mBank will likely record a very
positive improvement in net interest income, due in part to a
significant expansion in both lending and deposit volumes. The
sharp rise in key interest rates in Poland since October 2021,
which most economists predict will be followed by further rate
increases over the course of the year, should also open up
considerable scope for margin improvements.

Net commission income is expected to decline slightly in the
current financial year. This decrease is based in part on the

assumption that losses in commission business will result from
both customer attrition due to branch closures in retail banking
business, which was expected but did not arise in 2021, and from
the planned withdrawal from less attractive markets in corporate
client business.

95


--- Page 30 ---

96

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Net income from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair
value through profit or loss is generally subject to increased
volatility, which can be influenced only to a limited extent. This is
due in part to the regarding
developments on the global capital markets. Accounting rules are
a factor too. Sometimes they may require similar items to be
presented as fair value measurements in the fair value result in
one time period, whereas the interest component dominates in
another. Year-on-year shifts between the income items net interest
income and fair value result - and vice versa — are therefore

fundamental uncertainty

possible. A portion of this income component is therefore directly
related to net interest income. With its risk-oriented and customer-
focused approach, Commerzbank, like mBank, seeks to achieve
income that is as high and stable as possible. After accounting for
a high proportion of total Group income in the 2021 financial year,
the fair value result is expected to be significantly lower in the
current year.

Experience has shown that the other income items, including
realised profit or losses on financial instruments and other net
income, are often affected to a large extent by one-off income and
measurement effects that are usually impossible to predict.
Overall, a negative figure in the triple-digit millions is again
forecast for the 2022 financial year. Although further charges
cannot be ruled out in respect of the provisions for legal risks in
connection with mortgage loans issued in foreign currencies at
mBank, whose effects are reflected under other net income, no
material expense is expected for 2022 following the provisions
accrued in 2021, which also took into account a voluntary
settlement offer to debtors.

Commerzbank is aiming to limit the risk result to €-0.7bn in
the current financial year. This forecast also reflects the ongoing
high degree of uncertainty that a continuation of the coronavirus
pandemic could delay and/or negatively impact the extent of the
expected economic recovery.
provisions of more than €-0.5bn that continue to be recognised
specifically for potential charges arising from the coronavirus
pandemic will cushion the risks of a worse-than-expected
economic scenario that may prevail over a longer period of time. A
higher risk result is also expected at mBank, but the increase is set
to be lower than the anticipated double-digit growth in lending

In our opinion, however, the

volume.

The measures initiated last year for the far-reaching
restructuring of the Group, in particular the agreements reached
on implementation of the HR measures, will lead to marked cost
reductions in the 2022 financial year. Accordingly, operating
expenses (including compulsory contributions) are expected to be
some €400m lower at around €6.3bn despite extensive investment
in measures such as the comprehensive digitalisation of the
service offering and foreseeable cost inflation in some areas.
Within this, the amounts that can be influenced only to a limited
extent, primarily for the European banking levy, the Deposit
likelihood
increase substantially. mBank has budgeted for a_ significant
increase in operating expenses, also due to inflation, but at a
considerably lower rate than the increase in operating income.
Provisions for restructuring expenses linked to the imple-
mentation of the “Strategy 2024” programme have already been

recognised almost in full in the past two financial years. An

Protection Fund and the Polish bank tax, will in all

allocation in the double-digit millions is all that is planned in 2022.

Anticipated segment performance

Private and Small-Business Customers

The Private and Small-Business Customers (PSBC) segment is
aiming to make further progress this year with the far-reaching
restructuring of its sales model, culminating in a combination of
two business models — a digital direct bank with particular
expertise in securities business and a branch-based full-service
bank offering a broad product range and expert, in-depth personal
advisory services — that is unique in the marketplace. The next
strategic steps to be taken by the end of the year include the
launch of new digital applications, which will enable more banking
products to be concluded online, and the provision of more
opportunities for customers to resolve their own service issues
quickly and easily via online and mobile banking. This goes hand
in hand with the continued development of the advisory centre,
through which all customers will have convenient access to
personal telephone support at all times. This also includes
standardised investment advice via an investment centre and
mortgage advice via digital direct sales.


--- Page 31 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

83

at

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

86 Outlook and opportunities report

The target structure of 450 branches throughout Germany is
set to be achieved over the course of the year after the closure of
around 100 further branches. Of these, 220 are premium branches
that will cater to the needs of discerning small-business customers
and wealthy private individuals requiring individually tailored
banking products. They will the
infrastructure of the advisory points. The objective at the end of
the restructuring phase is to seamlessly link all sales channels so
that all customers, whatever stage they are at in their lives, are
offered the most suitable banking product at the ideal time and via
the appropriate channel.

The current financial year will see a gradual change in
customer relationship management, with customers responding to
the ongoing reduction in the number of branches by increasingly
contacting the advisory centre to seek advice, buy products and
resolve service issues. These changes in the sales model mean we
are cautious about the current year. We are anticipating a

also offer self-service

temporary slowdown in customer activity and a slight fall in the
number of active customers. In lending business, this is expected
to lead to slower growth in the credit portfolio due to lower new
business volumes, particularly in mortgage lending and loans to
small-business customers. In addition, maturing loans with higher
be replaced by financing at somewhat lower
rates. The same applies to income from investments refinanced
with modelled deposits, meaning that the low level of interest
rates will once again result in a slight decline in the average
interest margin in lending and deposit business. A further
significant increase in income from deposit fees is expected to
offset the volume and margin effect.

In addition to the temporarily more noticeable restraint on the
part of customers due to the restructuring of the sales model, we
believe that the exceptionally good environment in securities

interest rates will

business over the past two years will be considerably less
favourable in the current year. Our baseline assumption is a
decline in volatility on the capital markets as an end to the
pandemic becomes more likely, which will probably result in
significantly lower transaction figures over the course of the year.
A sharp fall in transaction-related commissions is therefore likely.
Portfolio-related commissions should remain at a high level,
however. Ongoing initiatives to convert customer deposits into
investment products delivering significantly higher yields, for
example sustainable investments such as the klimaVest impact
fund, offer income potential.

The Bank is
management. It seek to expand its
among discerning

also targeting higher income from asset

will market position,

particularly small-business and wealth
management customers who require tailored premium solutions.
Income from payment transactions will also grow, primarily from
card business as customer mobility increases. We expect the
amended pricing for account management services will translate
initially into only a stabilisation of commissions realised in the
current year, as it will also lead to a higher number of customer
departures. Experience has shown, however, that the associated
loss of income is limited and mainly affects customer relationships
with very low product usage. Overall, we expect total domestic
operating income to be significantly below the prior-year level.

The subsidiary mBank is aiming to continue its growth strategy
of the past few years and should be able to benefit from the much
improved interest rate environment this year. In contrast to the
eurozone, the change in policy by the Polish central bank has
resulted in a clear upward trend for interest rates since autumn
2021, with markedly positive effects for interest margins. Strong
double-digit income growth is expected, primarily from lending
business, even though measures to curb the high rate of inflation
through further increases in the key interest rate could, depending
on their extent, limit the targeted significant increase in lending.
Commission-bearing business is expected to settle down following
very significant growth in the past two years. Following the
extensive provisions recognised in the previous year for legal risks
in connection with mortgage loans issued in foreign currencies at
mBank, which had a negative impact on earnings, no further
charges are expected.

Thanks to the marked improvement in mBank’s financial
performance, total operating income in the PSBC segment is
expected to significantly exceed the prior-year level.

As part of the implementation of the strategic measures, further
extensive investments in the restructuring of the sales channels
are planned for the current financial year. These include in
particular the build-up of the advisory centre and the ongoing
digitalisation of products and processes, the aim being to achieve
the target structure of 450 branches — after the closure of a further
100 branches - impact
Measures introduced in the previous year to improve efficiency
will also have an increasingly positive effect on costs over the
course of the year. Total domestic operating expenses will fall
significantly year on year, due in particular to the intended
reduction in personnel expenses, although a small offsetting effect

with no discernible on customers.

is expected from compulsory contributions.

At mBank, operating expenses (including compulsory contri-
butions) are expected to increase significantly due to inflation and
in connection with the planned expansion of business volume.
However, this increase is set to be disproportionately lower than
the growth in operating income.

97


--- Page 32 ---

98

Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

We are anticipating a slight reduction in operating expenses for
the PSBC segment as a whole in the 2022 financial year.

We remain cautious about the risk result and are expecting a
significant year-on-year increase under the baseline scenario. This
forecast reflects the high degree of uncertainty about whether or
not a lengthy delay in economic recovery could have a more
tangible impact on the quality of the loan portfolio, which is
considered to be high. mBank is also anticipating a higher risk
result, which is likely to increase on a similar, albeit somewhat
smaller scale than in Germany and also reflects the comparatively
larger expansion in lending volume.

We are forecasting a substantial increase in operating income
and a slight decline in operating expenses for the PSBC segment
as a whole, offset by a significantly higher expected risk result.
Operating profit is therefore expected to improve markedly to
around €1bn in the 2022 financial year. The operating return on
equity is likely to increase to a similar extent, while the
cost/income ratio is expected to improve markedly.

Corporate Clients

During the current financial year, the Corporate Clients (CC)
segment will seek to further improve its cost/income ratio and the
efficiency of capital employed without compromising its strong
market position with German SME customers and international
companies who have business links with Germany. Corporate
clients will continue to benefit from Commerzbank’s strengths
such as its acknowledged high level of advisory expertise and
strong presence in international trade corridors. However, the
scope of support offered and the product range will in future be
more nuanced according to customer needs in order to improve
the profitability of customer relationships. Going forward, many of
the demands of corporate clients can be met much more efficiently
via the digital product and service offering of a modern direct
bank. After withdrawing from six European and Asian locations in
2021, the Bank will further streamline its foreign network as
planned and will have closed ten locations in total by the end of
the current year. As has already happened with the outsourcing of
institutional equities business to ODDO-BHF, cooperations offer
alternative and efficient ways of serving our corporate clients.
Through our partnership with Erste Group, we are taking
advantage of selective growth opportunities in five Central and
Eastern European countries.

Other strategic measures in the current year include the
ongoing implementation of a new lean branch concept at selected
locations in Western Europe and addressing further target
customers in certain promising sectors in which Commerzbank
has particular expertise. Based on the planned digitalisation of the
product range and of internal processes, extensive data analyses
should also support the efficient use of capital resources for
customers who require a high level of intensive individual support
and offer corresponding income potential. They will also enable
Commerzbank to identify insufficiently profitable
relationships that only use a small part of the Bank’s range of
services, and to terminate these relationships where necessary.
RWA efficiency therefore remains a key management metric for
the implementation of strategic measures.

In the current financial year, the CC segment is seeking to
achieve selective growth with a stronger focus on target regions
and sectors with core customers who expect a broad range of

customer

services and a high level of advisory expertise. A more focused
international presence and further optimisation of the needs-based
customer approach are also likely to result in lower activity among
some customers, although this is not expected to lead to a
significant drop in income. Given the continuing uncertainty with
regard to the financing
requirements in terms of capital expenditure are expected to
remain subdued, meaning only modest credit growth. As a result

economic outlook, companies’

of the objective to focus on income opportunities in business areas
with above-average capital efficiency, income growth is expected
primarily in capital market business and in transaction banking.
The more intensive servicing of corporate clients in the defined
future-oriented sectors is also expected to result in higher
earnings contributions. The forecast of a significant fall in total
operating income in corporate client business in the 2022 financial
year is based primarily on the cautious assessment with regard to
income that is based on changes in fair value, where we are
expecting a sharp decline.

Numerous measures to improve efficiency, in particular by
reducing personnel expenses, have already been initiated and will
have an increasingly positive impact on costs over the course of
the year. Despite significant strategic investments, such as the
establishment of the direct bank and the ongoing digitalisation of
products and processes, the Bank is targeting a significant
reduction in total operating costs for the 2022 financial year. This
decrease, however, will be offset somewhat by an increase in the
cost of compulsory contributions.


--- Page 33 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

ent pe

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

>rmance

86 Outlook and opportunities report

Following the very positive trend in the previous year, with risk
provisions for corporate clients kept at a low level despite the very
challenging phase of the coronavirus pandemic, we are cautious
about the current year and expect the risk result to roughly double
in size.

Overall, declining income and the substantially higher risk
result will be offset by considerably lower operating expenses. We
therefore expect a significant decrease in operating profit, which
will be reflected in a lower operating return on equity. The
cost/income ratio should nevertheless show a slight improvement.

General statement on the outlook for the Group

Commerzbank expects to achieve further milestones in the
Group’s transformation towards greater efficiency and profitability
in the 2022 financial year and is targeting an operating profit
significantly in excess of €1bn. With operating income at the
prior-year level and a risk result of up to €-0.7bn, the reduction in
total operating expenses to around €6.3bn is set to be the main
driver of the expected marked improvement in operating profit
compared with the previous year. With the Bank only planning a
further expense item in the double-digit millions for future
restructuring measures, a consolidated profit of more than €1bn is
forecast after deductions for tax expense and non-controlling
interests. The return on equity would therefore more than double
compared with the previous year.

Commerzbank’s target for its Common Equity Tier 1 capital
ratio is based in part on the capital requirements resulting from
the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). The ECB,
as the responsible supervisory authority, has set this minimum
requirement at an essentially unchanged level of 9.4% for the
2022 financial year. Commerzbank’s management also calculates a
capital buffer that is deemed appropriate to cover potential
unexpected stress situations. Commerzbank intends to maintain a
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of more than 13%, significantly above
the regulatory requirement imposed by the ECB, for the entirety of
the 2022 financial year. This target compares with the ratio of
13.6% reported as at the end of 2021. The Bank therefore believes
it has a sufficient capital buffer that already comfortably covers the
additional countercyclical capital buffers to be held in the future in
the UK (from December 2022: 1%) and Germany (from February
2023: 0.75%; plus a systemic risk buffer of 2% for residential real
estate loans), which together add up to an effect of some 70 basis
points on capital.

This solid capitalisation reflects the high risk-bearing capacity
demonstrated during the exceptionally challenging phase of the
pandemic. It also underlines the ambition to follow the intended
payment of a dividend for the 2022 financial year with further
attractive distributions to shareholders in subsequent years.

Nonetheless, there are numerous risk factors that could affect
the 2022 profit forecast to a considerable, though not reliably
quantifiable extent, should events take an unfavourable turn.
These include, first and foremost, exceptionally high global
economic risks. It is still not possible to reliably estimate either the
duration or likely extent of the coronavirus pandemic. Geopolitical
risks, which can significantly reduce existing inflationary trends
through the massive increase in raw material prices, also have the
potential to weaken the expected economic recovery and thus
have an impact on our business development. So the war in
Ukraine affects both our business with Ukraine and our business
with Russia. We assume that sanctions relating to individual
business partners (for example, the exclusion of large Russian
financial institutions from the SWIFT banking communications
network or the prohibition of US dollar clearing with large Russian
banks) or entire industries (for example, the energy or raw
materials sector) will also have an impact on Commerzbank. In
addition, we expect Russian countersanctions to have an impact
portfolios. We
developments and continuously adapt our risk assessment and
business policy. Commerzbank strictly follows the sanctions at all
times. Moreover, trade disputes between the economic blocs
Europe, North America and Asia, triggered by political tensions,
remain possible.

Signals, chiefly from the US Federal Reserve, pointing to a
turnaround in monetary policy have triggered a_ significant
increase in volatility across numerous segments of the global
capital markets since the beginning of 2022. With some valuations

on Commerzbank's closely monitor further

extraordinarily high by historical standards, especially on the bond
and equity markets, the value corrections that have occurred to
date could become even more pronounced as the year progresses.
With their extensive toolkit, to which they have added a raft of
unconventional monetary policy measures over the last few years,
central banks also have a major responsibility
international financial stability. A loss of confidence in their ability
to effectively counter the strengthening inflationary trend and thus
perform their main task of safeguarding monetary stability could
therefore have adverse consequences for the stability of both the
financial markets and the banking system.

to ensure

99


--- Page 34 ---

100 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Other risk factors include unfavourable trends in the regulatory
or legal environment and a further tightening of the competitive
situation in Germany. Along with inflation-related cost increases, a
fall in margins to levels that are unattractive from a risk-return
perspective could also delay and/or limit the effectiveness of the
expected positive effects of the measures to increase
Commerzbank’s profitability over the coming years.

In Poland, there is still no immediate prospect of a final
supreme court ruling on the legal situation concerning lawsuits
brought by private customers relating to Swiss franc real estate
loans, meaning that further significant charges cannot be ruled
out.

For further information on other risks, see the Group risk report

on page 101 ff.

The Group risk report is a separate reporting section in the Annual
Report. It forms part of the Group management report.


--- Page 35 ---

Group risk report

In the Group risk report, we give a comprehensive presentation of the risks
we are exposed to. We provide a detailed insight into the organisation and key
processes of our risk management. Our primary aim is to ensure that all risks
in Commerzbank are fully identified, monitored and managed based on
adequate procedures at all times.



--- Page 36 ---

102 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

103

104

112

127

130

133

135

Contents

Executive summary 2021

Risk-oriented overall bank management

104
105
107
108
110

Risk management organisation
Risk strategy and risk management
Risk ratios

Risk-bearing capacity and stress testing

Regulatory environment

Default risk

112
112
117

123

Strategy and organisation

Risk management

Commerzbank Group

121. Private and Small-Business Customers segment
122 Corporate Clients segment

Further portfolio analyses

Market risk

127
127
128
129
130

Strategy and organisation
Risk management
Trading book

Banking book

Market liquidity risk

Liquidity risk

130
131
131
132
132
133

Strategy and organisation

Risk management

Liquidity risk model
Quantification and stress testing
Liquidity reserves

Liquidity ratios

Operational risk

133
134

Strategy and organisation

Risk management

Other risks

135
138
139
140
141
142
143
143
144

Legal risk
Compliance risk
Reputational risk
ESG risks

IT risk

Cyber risk

Human resources risk
Business strategy risk
Model risk


--- Page 37 ---

‘0 our Shareholders ° Responsibility M

Executive

Risk Report Financi

103 Executive summary 2021

D4 Risk-oriented overall bank management
Defa

OL

summary 2021

The 2021 financial year, like the previous year, was marked by the coronavirus pandemic. However, our sound portfolio quality and the
measures taken by governments mean that the effects have so far had only a limited impact on the risk ratios. The top-level adjustment

(TLA) recognised for the expected coronavirus effects remains available to cover the direct and indirect effects of the pandemic.

Risk-bearing capacity ratio stood at 176% as at 31 December
2021

e The risk-bearing capacity ratio remains well above the

minimum requirement.

e The reduction in the economically required capital compared
with December 2020 is attributable in particular to lower credit
and market risk.

The Group's exposure at default increased

e The Group’s exposure at default increased from €466bn to
€470bn in 2021.

e The risk density declined from 21 basis points to 18 basis
points over the same period.

Risk result for the Group amounted to €-570m in 2021

e There was a considerable drop in the risk result compared to
the previous year because lower loan losses were recorded for
2021 than had originally been expected and no further
significant additions to the TLA had to be made.

e For 2022 the Bank expects charges of less than €700m for the
risk result.

Market risk in the trading book declined in 2021

° The value at risk (VaR) declined from €12m to €7m over the
course of 2021.

e The reason for this was that extreme scenarios relating to the
coronavirus from March of the previous year no longer had an
influence on the time series for the VaR calculation.

Operational risks increased year on year

e In 2021 risk-weighted assets from operational risks increased
from €18.3bn to €19.8bn. This rise was mainly due to the
switch from the advanced measurement approach (AMA) to the
standardised approach.

e The total charge for OpRisk events increased from €345m to
€1,136m compared with the previous year.

Risk-bearing capacity

€bn 159% 176% RBC ratio
2 2
MM Risk coverage potential
“ R
Economically
required capital
12720 1221

EaD

466 470
€bn | [|

I Private and Small-Business Customers
Corporate Clients

(0) Others and Consolidation

12720 1221
Risk result
ém -1,748
-570 1S Group
12720 1221
VaR
€m
2
Group
7
Confidence leva 99%
Holding period 1 day
12720 1221

Risk-weighted assets from operational risks
€bn

183 19.8

M8 Group

12720 1221



--- Page 38 ---

104 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Risk-oriented overall
bank management

Commerzbank defines risk as the danger of possible losses or
profits foregone due to internal or external factors. In risk
management, we normally distinguish between quantifiable and
non-quantifiable types of risk. Quantifiable risks are those to which
a value can normally be attached in financial statements or in
regulatory capital requirements, while non-quantifiable risks
include compliance and reputational risk.

Risk management organisation

Commerzbank regards risk management as a task for the whole
Bank. The Chief Risk Officer (CRO) is responsible for developing
and implementing risk policy guidelines for
quantifiable risks, laid down by the Board of Managing Directors,

the Group's

as well as for measuring these risks. The CRO regularly reports to
the Board of Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board’s Risk
Committee on the overall risk situation within the Group.

Until 31 December 2020, the risk management organisation
consisted of the following divisions: Group Credit Risk Manage-
ment, Group Credit, Group Market Risk Management, Group Risk
Controlling & Capital Management and Group Cyber Risk&
Information Security.

As of 1 January 2021, Commerzbank combined the divisions
Group Market Risk Management and Group Risk Controlling &
Capital Management to form the new Group Risk Control division.
Furthermore, the Group Big Data& Advanced Analytics division
was integrated into the risk management organisation.

In addition, the CRO has assumed responsibility for Group
Compliance. It is Group Compliance’s responsibility to establish
appropriate governance, procedures and systems to allow the Bank
to avoid unintentional endangerment as a consequence of compli-
ance risks. Group Compliance is led by the Chief Compliance
Officer.

All divisions have a direct reporting line to the CRO.

Risk management organisation

Group Credit Risk

Group Risk Control
Management UPR

Group Cyber Risk &
Information Security

Group Big Data &

Group Compl
Advanced Analytics roup Compliance

The Board of Managing Directors has exclusive responsibility for
fundamental strategic decisions. The Board of Managing Directors
has delegated operative risk management to committees. Under
the relevant rules of procedure, these are: the Group Credit
Committee, the Group Market Risk Committee, the Group OpRisk
Committee, the Group Cyber Risk&Information Security
Committee and the Group Strategic Risk Committee, which
decides on risk issues of an overarching nature. The CRO chairs all
these committees and has the right of veto. The CRO is also a
member of the central Asset Liability Committee. Here the CRO
also has a right of veto on certain topics (e.g. liquidity risk issues).

The tasks and competencies of the respective committees are

described below:

The Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee is the Bank’s highest
risk committee. It comprises at least five Supervisory Board
members. The Risk Committee’s tasks include monitoring the risk
management system and dealing with risks such as market, credit
and operational risk, reputational risk and cyber risks (including
information security at the Bank). The Risk Committee determines
the type, scope, format and frequency of the information that must
be presented to the Board of Managing Directors about strategy
and risk.

The Group Credit Committee is the decision-making committee
for operative credit risk management, comprising two represent-
tatives each from the back office and front office. The Group Credit
Committee operates on the basis of the credit risk strategy. It takes
decisions in line with the competencies delegated to it by the Board
of Managing Directors.


--- Page 39 ---

Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

To ou

The Group Market Risk Committee monitors market risk
throughout the Group and manages limit requirements in line with
risk-bearing capacity. To do this, all market risks from the trading
and banking book are analysed to identify risks early and for active
risk management purposes. The focus here is on optimising the
risk/return profile.

The Group OpRisk Committee (OpRiskCo) is responsible for
managing operational risks within the Group and in this regard
acts as the highest escalation and decision-making committee
below the Board of Managing Directors. The OpRiskCo also
addresses all important regulatory issues that arise in connection
with the management of operational risks within the Group. In
addition, it deals with standards on governance and assessing the
functioning of the Internal Control System (ICS) within the
Commerzbank Group. Details about the ICS can be found in the
section on operational risks.

The Cyber Risk & Information Security Committee (CRISCo)
monitors and manages cyber and information security risks in the
overall interests of the Bank. In this respect, it acts as the highest
decision-making and escalation committee below the Board of
Managing Directors. The CRISCo addresses all regulatory aspects
relevant to cyber and information security issues and ensures
appropriate risk management in this regard in accordance with
internationally recognised standards.

The Group Strategic Risk Committee acts as the discussion
and decision-making committee for all types of risk, and its main
objective is to monitor and manage risks at portfolio level. This
covers risk measurement, risk transparency and risk management.

The Group Asset Liability Committee (Group ALCO) is the
Commerzbank Group committee responsible for the Group-wide
and integrated management of financial resources, namely capital,
liquidity and balance sheet structure as well as net interest
income, in accordance with the regulatory framework. The Group
ALCO monitors in particular the Group's risk-bearing capacity and
as such plays an important part in the Internal Capital Adequacy
Assessment Process (ICAAP). The Group ALCO resolves the
recovery plan. Resolutions of the Group ALCO are presented to the
Board of Managing Directors for confirmation. In case of violation
of a recovery plan indicator, the Group ALCO plays a central role
regarding the escalation, the estimation of the situation and the
introduction of measures.

Moreover, risk issues are dealt with in other committees listed
below:

The Group Risk Management Executive Committee acts as
the discussion and decision-making committee within Group Risk
Management and is responsible in particular for the organisation
and strategic development of risk management as well as the
creation and maintenance of a uniform risk culture. It also ensures
that the Group risk strategy and the resolutions of the Board of
Managing Directors are implemented in the risk function.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Inforrr

03 Executive summary 202
104 Risk-oriented overall bank management
2 Defaul

Compliance topics are dealt with in the Global Compliance
Board (GCB). The GCB has been established as a forum to share
updates on major compliance topics and supervisory actions
regarding compliance in the Bank. Furthermore, the GCB serves as
information platform for segments and functions about compliance
culture, changes in compliance regulations, updates of compliance-
related policies and their implications.

Risk strategy and risk management _

The overall risk strategy, in line with the business strategy,
governs the strategic risk focus of the Commerzbank Group. It sets
the risk appetite as the maximum risk that the Bank is prepared
and able to accept while following its business objectives without
exposing itself to existential threats over and above the risks
inherent in the business. The guiding idea is to ensure that the
Group holds sufficient liquidity and capital. That also includes
ensuring that the business strategy can be implemented through a
risk profile that is commensurate with the leeway in the Group’s
capitalisation as determined by regulatory and capital market
factors. Based on these requirements, suitable limits are defined
for the risk resources of capital and liquidity available to the
Group. The overarching limits of the overall risk strategy are
consistent with the indicator thresholds of the recovery plan.

The core functions of banks as transformers of liquidity and risk
give rise to inevitable threats that can in extreme cases endanger
the continued existence of the institution. These depend on the
bank’s particular business model and are accepted in the pursuit of
business objectives. The basis for Commerzbank’s strategic align-
ment is its business strategy. In the event of a sustained change in
the assessment of the inherent and existential threats to Commerz-
bank, the Board of Managing Directors may have to adjust the
business model and thus the business and risk strategy in the
medium and long term. A distinction can be made between the
types of risk accepted on the basis of two fundamental threat
scenarios. The occurrence of an inherent, existential threat
jeopardises the continued existence of Commerzbank. In this case,
rescuing Commerzbank would hardly be feasible without state
measures or significant regulatory support measures (e.g. protec-
tive guarantees, tolerance of significant deviations from regulatory
capital requirements, rescue merger) or activation of the Single
Resolution Mechanism (SRM).

However, mitigation strategies are developed to counter these
inherent existential threats, in order as far as possible to reduce
the probability of damage or the extent thereof. On the other hand,
if a threat materialises that is inherent in the business model but
not existential, there is always the possibility of mitigation through,
among other things, capital measures available on the market or
the use of appropriate capital buffers. It is therefore not necessary
to activate the Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM) in this threat

105


--- Page 40 ---

106 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

scenario. For Commerzbank, the existential threats inherent in its
business model include, for example, the default of Germany, the
disintegration of the eurozone and a sovereign default of one or
more of the other major European countries or a default of the
United States, a collapse of the financial markets in connection with
loss of the basic functionalities of the ECB, or a bank run, a collapse
or a massive malfunction in global clearing houses, as well as
extreme cyber attacks on states and institutions due to increasing
digitalisation and geopolitical tensions.

The (non-existential) threats inherent in the business model
include a deep recession lasting several years with severe effects
on the German economy (e.g. triggered by a global pandemic or
originating in the USA or China) and the resulting consequences
such as huge loan defaults or a sharp outflow of customer deposits
affecting the liquidity situation. The global economic downturn
caused as a result of the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic
increased overall uncertainty. Commerzbank quickly adapted to the
new pandemic scenario and adjusted the management of market,
liquidity, credit and operational risks in line with the specific
requirements of the pandemic. The observable effects of the
pandemic on value chains and commodity prices show, however,
that the effects are also still ongoing and remain difficult to assess.
Increasing geopolitical tensions, including between Western
countries and Russia or China, could lead to significant negative
effects on economic performance. The potential for conflict, which
is difficult to gauge and goes far beyond trade disputes, remains a
relevant risk for Commerzbank as a bank heavily involved in
financing global trade.

Climate change may pose another inherent threat. Climate
change may be reflected in physical and transition risks for
Commerzbank. The transitional aspects in particular harbour risks
(as well as opportunities) that are difficult to assess in the short
term. Identifying and mitigating this threat to Commerzbank is one
of the objectives of risk strategy. Accordingly, Commerzbank has
determined for each type of risk whether environmental risks are a
key driver. All risk types that are material in relation to
environmental risks have been adequately reflected in the risk
strategy and risk management.

When pursuing its business targets, the Bank accepts these
threats inherent in its business model. It may be necessary to
adjust the business model and hence the business and risk
strategies in the medium and long term if the Board of Managing
Directors’ assessment of these threats to Commerzbank changes
substantially. To the extent that it is able to do so, Commerzbank
makes early preparations in anticipation of forthcoming changes in
regulatory requirements and accounting standards. Such changes
and their (retrospective) interpretation lasting
implications for - and even threaten the survival of - Commerz-

may have

bank’s business model. Commerzbank accepts these regulatory
risks because there are many cases where there is no option to
mitigate or manage them.

The overall risk strategy covers all material risks to which
Commerzbank is exposed. It is updated annually or on an ad hoc
basis as required and set out in further detail in the form of sub-
risk strategies for the risk types which are material. These are then
specified and made operational through policies, regulations and
instructions/guidelines. By means of the upstream risk inventory
process, Commerzbank ensures that all risk types of relevance to
the Group are identified and their materiality assessed. The
assessment of the materiality of a risk is based on whether its
occurrence could have a major direct or indirect impact on the
Bank’s risk-bearing capacity.

As part of the planning process, the Board of Managing Direc-
tors decides how much of the risk coverage potential of the Group
should be utilised. On that basis, individual types of quantifiable
risk contributing to the capital requirements are limited in a second
stage. A capital framework is allocated to the management-relevant
units through the planning process. Compliance with limits and
guidelines is monitored during the year, and management
measures are put in place where required. In addition, further
qualitative and quantitative early warning indicators are established
in the overall risk strategy. Potential negative developments can be
identified at an early stage with the help of these indicators.

One of the primary tasks of risk management is the avoidance of
risk concentrations. These can arise from the synchronous move-
ment of risk positions both within a single risk type (intra-risk
concentrations) and across different risk types (inter-risk concen-
trations). The latter result from common risk drivers or from inter-
actions between different risk drivers of different risk types.

By establishing adequate risk management and controlling
processes, Commerzbank provides for the identification, assess-
ment, management, monitoring and communication of material
risks and related risk concentrations. This ensures that all Commerz-
bank-specific risk concentrations are taken into account in its risk
management. Scenario analyses are regularly used to ensure trans-
parency regarding risk concentrations. The structure of the scena-
rios and the integrated approach ensure that the impact of adverse
scenarios on portfolio priorities and risk concentrations are
examined in a targeted manner. Management is regularly informed
about the results of the analyses so that the potential risk of losses
can be avoided in good time.

The Group Risk & Capital Monitor is the monthly risk report,
designed for management purposes, on capital, credit risk, market
risk, liquidity risk and OpRisk topics within Commerzbank risk
management. It shows all the above risk types, including eco-
nomic and regulatory risk-bearing capacity, for the Commerzbank
Group. The report's aims include providing the Board of Managing
Directors and the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee with trans-
parent and comprehensive information, highlighting important
developments from a risk perspective and setting management

measures. The report is also used in particular to monitor limits
and guidelines within the overall risk strategy. Responsibility for


--- Page 41 ---

our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

approving the overall risk strategy and the Group Risk & Capital
Monitor lies with the Board of Managing Directors.

Commerzbank has adopted a code of conduct that defines
binding minimum standards for Commerzbank’s corporate respon-
sibility, its dealings with customers, business partners and col-
leagues, and its day-to-day business. It goes without saying that the
Bank complies with relevant laws, regulatory requirements, indu-
stry standards and internal rules, and this therefore forms a parti-
cularly important part of its risk culture. It actively requires em-
ployees to behave appropriately, courageously, with integrity and
in compliance with rules, and any failure to comply with rules is
penalised. Expanded procedures ensure that misconduct is evalu-
ated in a uniform and fair manner, strengthening consequence
management on a long-term basis.

The main pillar of the Bank’s overall risk management and
culture is the concept of three lines of defence, which is a core
element of the Corporate Charter. Under the three-lines-of-defence
principle, protecting against undesirable risks is an activity that is
not restricted to the risk function. Each unit (segment or function)
forms the first line of defence within its area of operational
responsibility and is directly responsible for identifying and
managing risks within it while complying with the prescribed risk
standards and policies. For example, the front office forms the first
line of defence in all business decisions and has to take risk aspects
into account in reaching them. The second line of defence for each
type of risk lays down standards for appropriate management of
risks of that type, monitors this and ensures the application of such
standards, and analyses and evaluates the risks. The risk function
forms the second line of defence against credit and market risks
associated with business decisions. Particularly for credit risk, this
includes involvement in the credit decision process by means of a
second vote. Units outside the risk function (e.g. Group Finance)
also operate as the second line of defence for certain risk types.
The third line of defence is Internal Audit.

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements

03 Executive summary 202
104 Risk-oriented overall bank management
2 Defaul

Risk ratios

Commerzbank uses a comprehensive system of ratios and
procedures for measuring, managing and limiting various types of
risk. The most important of these are listed below:

Economically required capital is the amount, corresponding to
a high confidence level (currently 99.90% at Commerzbank), that
will cover unexpected losses arising from risk positions.

The risk-bearing capacity ratio (RBC ratio) indicates the
excess coverage of the economically required capital by the risk
coverage potential. Risk-bearing capacity is deemed to be
assured as long as the RBC ratio is higher than 100%.

Exposure at default (EaD) is the expected exposure amount
taking into account a potential (partial) drawing of open lines and
contingent liabilities that will adversely affect risk-bearing capacity
in the event of default. EaD is hereinafter also referred to as
“exposure”.

Expected loss (EL) measures the potential loss on a loan
portfolio that can be expected within one year on the basis of
historical loss data.

Risk density is the ratio of expected loss to exposure at default
and thus represents the relative risk content of an exposure or a
portfolio.

Value at risk (VaR) is a methodology for quantifying risk. It
involves setting a holding period (such as one day) and a
confidence level (such as 97.5%). The VaR value then denotes the
relevant loss threshold that will not be exceeded within the
holding period with a probability in line with the confidence level.

Credit value at risk (CVaR) is the economic capital
requirement for credit risk with a confidence level of 99.90%.
The term results from the application of the value at risk concept
to credit risk measurement. Credit VaR is an estimate of the
amount by which losses from credit risks could potentially exceed
the expected loss within a single year, ie. unexpected loss. The
idea behind this approach is that expected loss simply represents
the long-term average of lending losses, but this may vary
(positively or negatively) from actual credit losses for the current
financial year.

107


--- Page 42 ---

108 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

In relation to bulk risk, the “all-in concept comprises all
customer credit lines approved by the Bank in their full amount -
irrespective of the loan utilisation to date. It is independent of
statistically modelled parameters to the greatest possible extent

and comprises internal as well as external credit lines.

Risk-bearing capacity and
stress testin

Risk-bearing capacity analysis is a key part of overall bank
management and Commerzbank’s ICAAP. The purpose is to ensure
that sufficient capital is held at all times. The risk-bearing capacity
concept is reviewed and optimised annually.

When determining the economically required capital, allowance
is made for potential unexpected fluctuations in value. Where such
fluctuations exceed forecasts, they must be covered by the available
economic capital to absorb unexpected losses (risk coverage
potential). Only the economic value of equity components that
absorb losses in the going concern approach is taken into account
in determining the economic risk coverage potential.

The capital requirement for the risks taken is quantified using
the internal economic capital model. All risk types of the
Commerzbank Group classified as significant and quantifiable
within the annual risk inventory are taken into account when
determining the economically required capital. The economic risk
approach therefore also comprises risk types that are not included
in the regulatory requirements for banks’ capital adequacy. The
model also reflects diversification effects incorporating all types of
risk. The confidence level for the calculation of economically
required capital is 99.90% and is harmonised with the going
concern approach. The quantifiable significant risks in the
economic capital model are divided into default risk, market risk,
operational risk and (not separately disclosed in the table on the
next page) business risk and property value change risk.
Furthermore, reserve risk is included in the risk-bearing capacity
calculation by means of a corresponding risk buffer. Business risk
is the risk of a potential loss resulting from deviations in actual

income and expense from the respective budgeted figures.
Business risk is used to substantiate a higher-level management
buffer that ensures the responsiveness of capital management.
Physical asset risk is the risk of an unexpected fall in the value of
owned property which is either already recognised as an asset in
the Group’s balance sheet or which can be recognised during the
next 12 months under contractually assured obligations with
option character (especially real estate). Climate and environ-
mental risks are defined as horizontal risks within Commerzbank
and arise in existing risk categories, with both transition and
physical risks being considered. The annual materiality assess-
ment of climate and environmental risks, carried out for the first
time in 2021, provides a holistic overview of the impact on existing
material risk types identified in the risk inventory. Climate and
environmental risks are appropriately reflected in Commerzbank’s
risk-bearing capacity analysis. Among other things, a risk buffer
was implemented as at 31 December 2021 for default and market
risks that are materially influenced by climate and environmental
risks. Further information on climate and environmental risks can
be found in the “Environmental, social and governance (ESG)
risks” section on page 140 f.

The results of the risk-bearing capacity analysis are shown using
the risk-bearing capacity ratio (RBC ratio), indicating the excess of
the risk coverage potential in relation to the economically required
capital. Risk-bearing capacity is monitored and managed monthly
at Group level. Risk-bearing capacity is deemed to be assured as
long as the RBC ratio is higher than 100%. In 2021, the RBC ratio
was consistently above 100% and stood at 176% as at 31 Decem-
ber 2021. The reduction in the economically required capital
compared with December 2020 is attributable in particular to lower
credit and market risk. The decline in credit risk is attributable
primarily to improvements in average customer credit ratings,
which are reflected both in the expected loss and in the capital
requirement. The decline in market risk results in particular from
the fact that the coronavirus crisis figures from March 2020 are no
longer included in the calculation on which the capital require-
ment is based, and from improved risk diversification. The RBC
ratio is still well above the minimum requirement.


--- Page 43 ---

our Sharehold porate Responsibility Mai

ent

Risk-bearing capacity Group | €bn

31.12.2021 31.12.2020

Economic risk coverage potential 22 22
Economically required capital" 12 14
thereof for default risk 9 10
thereof for market risk? 3 4
thereof for operational risk 1 1
thereof diversification effects -2 -2
RBC ratio (%)3 176 159

* Including physical asset risk, risk of unlisted investments and the risk buffer for reserve
risk, for the quantification of potential fluctuations in value of intangibles and, from
December 2021, additionally for climate and environmental risks.

2 Including deposit model risk.

2 RBC ratio = economic risk coverage potential/economically required capital (including
risk buffer).

Commerzbank uses macroeconomic stress tests to review the risk-
bearing capacity in the event of assumed adverse changes in the
economic environment. The underlying scenarios take into account
the interdependence of the development of the real economy and
the financial economy. They are updated quarterly and approved by
the Group ALCO. The scenarios describe an extraordinary but
plausible adverse development in the economy, focusing in
particular on portfolio priorities (e.g. export-based sectors in
Germany) and business strategies of relevance to Commerzbank.
Current adverse developments (e.g. the coronavirus pandemic) are
also taken into account when creating the scenarios. Stress tests in
the economic perspective cover a time horizon of 12 months. The
scenario simulation is run quarterly at Group level using the input
parameters of the economic capital requirements calculation for all
material and quantifiable risk types. In addition to the capital
required, the income statement is also subjected to a stress test

nancia ements Furthe

Risk Report f

03 Executive summa

104 Risk-oriented overall bank management
Defa

based on the macroeconomic scenarios. Based on this, changes in
the risk coverage potential are simulated. Whereas the RBC ratio is
embedded into Commerzbank’s limit system, guidelines for risk-
bearing capacity are set as an early warning system in the stressed
environment. The ongoing monitoring of the limits and guidelines
is a key part of internal reporting. Defined escalations are
triggered if the limits are breached.

The risk-bearing capacity and stress testing concept is subject to

an annual internal review and is refined on an ongoing basis. The

development of the regulatory environment is also taken into
account. In addition to the regular stress tests, reverse stress tests
are implemented annually at Group level. Unlike regular stress
testing, the result of the simulation — a sustained threat to the Bank —
is determined in advance. The aim of the analysis process in the
reverse stress test is to improve the transparency of Bank-specific
risk potential and interactions of risk by identifying and assessing
extreme scenarios and events. On this basis, for instance, action
fields in risk management including the regular stress tests can be
identified and taken into account in the ongoing development
efforts. In 2021, an internal holistic climate risk stress test was
carried out by the Bank for the first time in preparation for the ECB
climate risk stress test which is to be conducted in 2022. Both
transition and physical risk factors relating to default, market,
operational and reputational risks were analysed on the basis of
scenarios.

In 2021, the risk-weighted assets resulting from Commerzbank’s

business activities decreased from €179bn to €175bn.

The table below gives an overview of the distribution of risk-
weighted assets, broken down by segment and risk type:

Risk-weighted assets Default Market —_Operatio- Total Default Market — Operatio- Total
€bn risk risk nal risk risk risk nal risk

Private and Small-Business

Customers 42 1 10 53 40 1 6 47
Corporate Clients 70 6 5 81 74 7 7 89
Others and Consolidation 33 5 41 34 4 43
Group 145 10 20 175 148 12 18 179

7 Adjustment due to restatements.

The coronavirus pandemic continued to have a huge impact on the
global economy in 2021. While the incidence of infection decreased
significantly in spring 2021 in many countries and the coronavirus-
related restrictions were noticeably relaxed, new waves of infection
began to build up in autumn, which recently gained considerable
momentum with the emergence of the Omicron variant. Against
this background, the coronavirus-related rules in many countries
were drastically tightened again.

The coronavirus pandemic will continue to have a significant
impact on the global economy in 2022. The currently high number
of new coronavirus infections will likely only decrease sustainably
in spring 2022, as was the case in the past year.

109


--- Page 44 ---

110 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Inflation has risen sharply all over the world, and the rapid
pace of this inflation is pushing more and more central banks
towards abandoning their expansive monetary policy. The per-
formance of the financial markets in 2022 will depend as rarely
before on inflation and how it is perceived.

Further information on the effects of the coronavirus pandemic
and the inflation risks can be found in the economic report and in
the outlook and opportunities report in the Group management
report.

The escalation of the Russia-Ukraine conflict represents a
significant risk for the economic outlook. If Russia were to curb or
even completely stop energy exports, it would at least short-term
lead to energy shortages in Western Europe. Restrictions on
production, especially in energy-intensive sectors, would hardly be
avoided. At the same time, energy prices would continue to rise,
significantly reducing the purchasing power of households. In this
case, at least in Germany, a recession would be hard to avoid.

So the war in Ukraine affects both our business with Ukraine
and our business with Russia. Commerzbank’s net exposure in
Russia amounts to €1.3bn. On top of this exposure, the Bank has
around €0.6bn Russia related exposure which consists mostly of
pre-export financing of commodities. The net exposure in Ukraine
is less than €0.1bn. We assume that sanctions relating to
individual business partners (for example, the exclusion of large
Russian financial institutions from the SWIFT banking communi-
cations network or the prohibition of US dollar clearing with large
Russian banks) or entire industries (for example, the energy or
raw materials sector) will also have an impact on Commerzbank.
In addition, we expect Russian countersanctions to have an impact
on Commerzbank's portfolios. We closely monitor further develop-
ments and continuously adapt our risk assessment and business
policy. Commerzbank strictly follows the sanctions at all times.

Regulatory environment

With Basel 3, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision pub-
lished among other things comprehensive rules on the compo-
nents of equity and equity ratios as well as the management of
liquidity risk. The associated Capital Requirements Directive and
Regulation, constituting the European implementation of Basel 3,
have been in force since 1 January 2014, with the more stringent
capital requirements having been phased in up to 2019. Numerous
supplementary since been published, in
particular by the European Banking Authority (EBA), and these are

regulations have
now progressively entering into force; this will continue in the
years to come. The phasing in of capital buffers is a significant
feature of the Basel 3 revision, which has now been completed. In
accordance with the legal requirements, the buffers are subject to
planned, regular supervisory review.

Commerzbank has analysed the effects of the increase in the
countercyclical capital buffer in Germany, which will take effect
from February 2023, and other currently foreseeable changes in
the countercyclical capital buffer, as well as the possible
introduction of a sectoral systemic risk buffer on loans secured by
residential real estate, and reflects them in its internal capital
planning.

Further information on the countercyclical capital buffer can be
found in the outlook and opportunities report in the Group
management report.

In addition, under Basel 3 the leverage ratio has been intro-
duced as a new and non-risk-sensitive debt ratio. Commerzbank
has set internal targets for managing the leverage ratio and capital
adequacy requirement. These are subject to ongoing review and
consideration as part of the capital management process.

Liquidity risk is to be monitored by means of the liquidity
coverage ratio (LCR) and the net stable funding ratio (NSFR). The
LCR entered into force on 1 October 2015 and is binding on all
European banks. The final version of the NSFR, which was
approved by the Basel Committee in October 2014, was transposed
into European law as part of the Capital Requirements Regulation II
(CRR Il) and has been binding since June 2021. Commerzbank is
already calculating both ratios as part of its regulatory reporting
processes, communicating them in its internal reporting and
reporting them to the supervisory authority.

The CRR II was published together with the Capital Require-
ments Directive (CRD V) as part of the Risk Reduction Package in
the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. As a
European directive, CRD V requires transposition into national law
within 18 months. The legislation implements, among other things,
the Basel Committee’s requirements on the leverage ratio, the net
stable funding ratio, regulations on the trading book and large
exposures, and the treatment of investment funds. In addition,
numerous specifications have yet to be made by the EBA.

The CRR relief enacted by the EU in 2020 in the wake of the
coronavirus pandemic (“CRR Quick Fix”), such as the early relief
for risk positions with small and medium-sized enterprises, was
implemented accordingly by Commerzbank.

The ECB, in its capacity as the supervisory authority for the
eurozone banks directly supervised by it, conducted the annual
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). On 3 February
2022, in its final SREP decision for 2021, the ECB informed
Commerzbank of the results of the SREP and the associated super-
visory requirements. It did not change the bank-specific capital
requirements for the Commerzbank Group set for 2022. With effect
from 1 March 2022 the SREP decision replaces the previous SREP
decision of 10 December 2019.

A key aim of the ECB project is to harmonise RWA-relevant
models for market, counterparty and credit risk that fall within the
scope of the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM). In particular,
the scope for interpretation permitted by the regulations or arising


--- Page 45 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

due to differences in national application is to be significantly
reduced in future. Some future regulations have been anticipated
and far-reaching independent interpretations have been made
through the relevant Guides as part of an SSM-wide Targeted
Review of Internal Models (TRIM) programme. Commerzbank has
received the final ECB decisions with the results of the review.

The EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive has been in
force since mid-2014. Responsibility for the drafting of resolution
plans and the resolution of at-risk banks supervised by the ECB
was transferred to the Single Resolution Board (SRB) in Brussels
with effect from 1 January 2016. At the same time, eurozone banks.
started to fund the Single Resolution Fund. The SRB defines the
formal minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities
(MREL) for the banks under its responsibility on a consolidated
and individual basis.

The legal basis for setting MREL and TLAC was revised at
European level and published on 7 June 2019 as part of the Risk
Reduction Package in the form of the Single Resolution Mechanism
Regulation (SRMR II), the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive
Il (BRRD II) and the CRR II. The BRRD II as a European directive
requires implementation into national law within 18 months. The
amendments included, among other things, adjustments to the
calculation logic and, for certain banks, a statutory subordination
requirement for parts of MREL. Most of the new provisions came
into force in December 2020.

The Group-wide recovery plan was updated in October 2021 to
reflect the regulatory requirements. The recovery plan describes in
detail for instance the courses of action and recovery potential
available to the Bank in the event of a crisis and which specific
recovery measures, in various stress scenarios, will enable the
Bank to complete its recovery.

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Info

03 Executive summary 202
104 Risk-oriented overall bank management
2 Defaul

Commerzbank operates in markets subject to national and
supranational regulation. In addition, it is subject to the over-
arching requirements imposed by accounting standards. Changes
in regulatory requirements and accounting standards have signi-
ficantly grown in frequency and materiality in recent years. They
may have lasting implications for the financial industry in general
and Commerzbank’s business model in particular. Commerzbank
continues to participate actively and at an early stage in the
consultation processes aimed at preparing for the constant changes
in the operating environment. It also monitors and evaluates
current developments as regards future regulatory projects.
Specific examples of these at global level are the final standards for
revising capital requirements for market risk now published by the
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, and the revision of the
framework for operational risk and credit risk, including the
associated floor rules and disclosure requirements (“Basel 4”). At
the European level, Commerzbank is following, among other
things, the implementation of Basel 4, initiatives by the European
Commission to introduce a European deposit insurance scheme
and to create a capital markets union, the European Green Deal and
the EBA initiative to revise the internal risk models.

The regulatory environment also remains challenging with
regard to compliance risks. The focus here remains on the issues of
anti-money laundering (including the implementation of the new
BaFin administrative practice and the requirements of international
standard-setters such as the EBA) and sanctions. In addition, anti-
bribery and corruption (including the United Kingdom Bribery Act
and the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act) and market
compliance (among other things new EU requirements in sus-
tainable finance, US requirements and CFTC regulations) are putt-
ing further risk types into the regulatory focus.

111


--- Page 46 ---

112 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Default risk

Default risk is defined as the risk of losses sustained or profits
foregone due to the default of a counterparty. It is a quantifiable
material risk and includes the sub-risk types of credit default risk,

issuer risk, counterparty risk, country and transfer risk, dilution
risk and reserve risk.

The credit risk strategy is the sub-risk strategy for default risks
and is derived from the overall risk strategy. It is embedded in the
ICAAP process of the Commerzbank Group and forms a link
between the Bank’s overall risk management across all risk types
and the operationalisation of default risk management. The
overriding aim is to ensure the adequate quality of the credit
portfolio. To this end, the credit risk strategy defines the credit risk
tolerance, specifies risk strategy priorities, provides an overview of
the material credit risk management concepts and thereby plays
an integral part in maintaining the Group’s risk-bearing capacity.
The credit risk strategy makes use of quantitative and qualitative
management tools that give decision-makers clear guidance on
both portfolio management and decisions in specific cases. Within
the context of the requirements of the EBA guidelines on loan
origination and monitoring (LOaM) implemented in 2021,
sustainability aspects were defined and anchored, and expanded
out-of-policy reporting was put in place.

Credit risk management is a joint task of the front office and
the risk function, based on a standardised Group-wide credit risk
culture. Impeccable moral and ethical conduct in compliance with
the law and regulations is a key element of a culture of integrity
and core to the credit risk culture. Default risks are assessed
against uniform standards, regardless of segment limits. In line
with the three lines of defence principle, the front office is the first
line of defence and must take risk aspects into account when
taking business decisions. The risk function (back office and Risk
Controlling) is the second line of defence, its fundamental task
being to manage, limit and monitor risks. The third line of defence
is Internal Audit. It is tasked with independently auditing the
Bank's processes and safeguards, and as such also assesses the
activities of the first and second lines of defence.

The Group Credit Committee is the highest decision-making
committee for operative credit risk management, comprising two
representatives each from the back office and front office. It takes
decisions in line with the competencies delegated to it by the
Board of Managing Directors and is responsible for managing all
credit risks. In so doing, the Group Credit Committee operates on
the basis of the valid credit risk strategy. Reporting to the Group
Credit Committee are sub-credit committees, which operate on the
basis of their respective rules of procedure and within the

competencies approved by the Board of Managing Directors. They
comprise at least two representatives from the segments and two
representatives from Group Risk Management. The sub-credit
committees are responsible for managing all credit risks in the
sub-portfolios within their respective remit and are entitled, in
turn, to sub-delegate certain credit
prescribed competencies.

Discrete back-office areas are responsible for operational credit
risk management at portfolio level and on a case-by-case basis. The
responsibilities are separated between the performing loan area on
the one hand and Intensive Care on the other. All credit decisions in

decisions within their

the performing loan area are risk/return decisions. The front and
back office take joint responsibility for risk and return from an
exposure, with the front office having primary responsibility for the
return, and the back office for the risk. Accordingly, neither office
can be overruled in its primary responsibility in the credit decision

process.

Higher-risk customers are handled by specialist Intensive Care
areas. The customers are moved to these areas as soon as they
meet defined criteria for assignment or mandatory transfer. The
principal reasons for assignment to Intensive Care areas are
criteria relating to number of days overdrawn, together with event-
related criteria such as rating, third-party enforcement measures
or credit fraud. The Intensive Care function decides on further
action based on the circumstances of individual cases. Customers
must be transferred to Intensive Care if they are in default (for
example due to insolvency). This graduated approach ensures that
higher-risk customers can continue to be managed promptly by
specialists in a manner appropriate to the risks involved and in
defined standardised processes.

Risk management

Commerzbank manages default risk using a comprehensive risk
management system. The management framework comprises an
organisational structure, methods and models, quantitative and
qualitative management tools and regulations and processes. The
risk management system ensures that the entire portfolio and the
sub-portfolios, right down to individual
managed consistently and thoroughly on a top-down basis.

The ratios and measures required for the operational process of
risk management are based on the overarching Group objectives.
The principle of maintaining a low-risk profile in all business
decisions is closely combined here with the risk function’s aim of
providing the front office with appropriate support. Preference is

exposure level, are

given to transactions and products with a low level of complexity.
Another focus is on the responsiveness of a credit line or

exposure.


--- Page 47 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Re

Quantitative credit risk strategy guidelines limit risks with
regard to poorer credit ratings and exposures with high loss-at-
default contributions (concentration management) and for selected
sub-portfolios with a high risk weight or regulatory importance,
and, as applicable, for individual products with a high portfolio
share. Detailed arrangements for operationalising the guidelines
for selected sub-portfolios are set out in separate portfolio
policies. In addition, qualitative management guidelines in the
form of credit policies define the target business of the Bank. At
the level of individual transactions, they regulate the transaction
type for which the available risk resources are to be used. These
credit policies are firmly embedded in the credit process:
transactions which do not meet the requirements are escalated
through a fixed competence regulation.

Group-wide guiding principles are based on risk-oriented
analyses of trends (e.g. of the development of weaker credit
ratings over time) combined with an assessment of external
framework conditions and internal rules. Risk-oriented analyses on
key dates (e.g. rating profile of individual asset classes) are used in
particular to derive portfolio guiding principles. Trend analyses of
product-specific risk drivers are key factors for determining
product (e.g.
lending). In contrast, credit and portfolio policies are primarily
produced through a multi-level coordination process involving the

guiding principles loan-to-value of mortgage

product and portfolio managers from the front and back offices,
combined with an assessment of internal and external information

sources.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Infor

03 Executiv
04 Ris!
112. Default risk
27

To monitor compliance with credit risk strategic rules,
continuous monitoring and reporting has also been set up at whole
Group level and at segment or sub-portfolio level. Asset quality
reviews by the risk function make an important contribution here to
quality assurance and early risk detection. The focal points of the
monitoring vary depending on the issue and target group. Ad hoc
reporting processes have been established. In addition, crisis
events may pose a risk to the Bank’s capital and liquidity adequacy
and thereby to its risk-bearing capacity. In a crisis, the Risk
Mitigation Task Force will manage decisions flexibly in a coor-
dinated, Group-wide process. For example, in the context of the
ongoing pandemic the Task Force Corona (TFC) was established at
the beginning of 2020 in order to identify effects on the Group
portfolio as quickly as possible and to be able to take counter-
measures. The TFC continued its work in 2021. As part of the pro-
cess, emergency action plans ensure that risk-mitigation measures
are implemented quickly and efficiently.

The avoidance of risk concentrations is a core strategy of risk
management. Risk concentrations are actively managed in order to
identify at an early stage and contain the increased potential for
loss from the synchronous movement of risk positions. In addition
to exposure-related credit risk concentrations (bulk risks), default
risk also includes country and sector concentrations. Segment-
specific features are taken into account here.

Management and the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee are
regularly informed about the results of the analyses.

113


--- Page 48 ---

114 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Overview of management instruments and levels

Risk strategies
and policies

Limit and
guideline systems

Portfolio monitoring
and reporting

Structures of organisation
and committees

Overall risk strategy
plus sub-risk strategies for
significant risk types

Establishment of a general
risk understanding

and creation of a uniform
risk culture

Definition of Group limits
(across all risk types)

for capital and liquidity
management

Additional definition of

guidelines as key points of
the aspired target portfolio

Group Risk & Capital Monitor
plus risk type specific

Group formats (including
flash reporting)

Uniform, consolidated data
repository as basis for Group
reporting

Ensuring exchange of
information and networking
in committees that operate
across all risk types

Retaining qualified staff in
line with progressive product
innovation or regulatory
adjustments

Clear formulation of risk
policy in guidelines
(portfolios, asset classes, etc.)

Differenciated credit authorities
based on compliance of
transactions with the Bank's
risk policy

Performance metrics on
level of risk categories and
sub-portfolios

Expansion of Group-wide
performance metrics

using sub-portfolio-specific
indicators

Portfolio batches as per
established portfolio calendar*

Asset quality review and
analysis of High Attention
Parts (HAP)

Trigger monitoring with clear
escalation and reporting lines

Interdisciplinary composition
of segment committees

Ensuring uniform economic
opinions

Rating-dependent and
bulk-sensitive credit authority
regulations with

clear escalation processes

Limitation of bulk risk
and uniform management
according to model-
independent all-in definition

Limit monitoring at
individual exposure level

Monthly report to the Board
of Managing Directors on
the development of bulk risks

Review of individual custom-
ers/exposures resulting from
asset quality review or HAP
analyses

Deal team structures

Institutionalized exchange
within the risk function, also
taking account of economic
developments

Sector-wise organization of
domestic corporate business



--- Page 49 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

The Task Force Corona established in 2020 as part of crisis
management under the direction of the Chief Credit Risk Officer
continued its work in 2021. The Board of Managing Directors was
regularly informed about the results and decisions of the cross-unit
meetings to ensure a coordinated vote on the effects of the crisis.
These internal meetings were discontinued in February 2021, but
are to be revived if necessary. The existing ad hoc reports were
continued on a monthly basis. The established exchange formats
with the supervisory authorities continue to take place at regular
intervals. There are still bi-weekly meetings between the Joint
Supervisory Team (JST) and the CFO/CRO and quarterly JST
meetings with senior management. Workshops were also held with

regulators to clarify specific issues.

Management of economic capital commitment

Economic capital commitment is managed in order to ensure that
the Commerzbank Group holds sufficient capital. To this end, all
relevant risk types in the overall risk strategy for economic risk
capital are given limits on a Group-wide basis, with, in particular, a
CVaR limit being specified. Due to the systematically restricted
options for reducing default risk on a short-term basis, it is impor-
tant to take account of expected trends (medium-term and long-
term) in order to manage credit risk. For this reason, forecast val-
ues of credit risk parameters play a key role in ongoing manage-
ment. At segment and business area level, changes to forecasts are
monitored and adjustments made when necessary. There is no
cascaded capital limit concept for credit risk below Group level.

Management Report

nancial Statements Further Info:

Risk Report f

Rating classification

The Commerzbank rating method comprises 25 rating classes for
customers not in default (1.0 to 5.8) and 5 default classes (6.1 to
6.5). The Commerzbank master scale allocates precisely one rating
class, stable over time, to each probability of default. The rating
methods are validated annually and recalibrated where necessary
so that they reflect the latest assessment based on all actual
observed defaults. However, this is possible and expedient amid a
pandemic only to a limited extent, which is why the associated
negative developments will become apparent only with a time lag.

The probability of default ranges assigned to the ratings are the
same for all portfolios. This ensures internal comparability consis-
tent with the master scale method. For guidance and indicative
purposes, the Commerzbank master scale also shows external
ratings as well as credit quality steps in accordance with Article 136
CRR. However, a direct reconciliation is not possible, because
external ratings of different portfolios show fluctuating default rates
from year to year.

The credit approval authorities of both individual staff and the
committees (Board of Managing Directors, Credit Committee, sub-
credit committees) are graduated by a range of factors including
size of exposure and rating class.

115


--- Page 50 ---

116 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Commerzbank master scale

Po semen

Credit quality steps in accordance
with Article 136 CRR"

10 ° ° > AAA > AAA 1
1.2 0.01 0-0.02 Pa
14 0.02 0.02 - 0.03 AAt 4
> AA
1.6 0.04 0.03 - 0.05 AA, AA- 4
- At, A
1.8 0.07 0.05 - 0.08 > A Pou Investment
2.0 0.11 0.08- 0.13 A 4 Grade
2.2 0.17 0.13 0.21 BBB+ “) “T
24 0.26 0.21-0.31
> BBB » Bee aa

2.6 0.39 0.31-0.47
2.8 0.57 0.47- 0.68 BBB- 4 4
3.0 0.81 0.68- 0.96 BB+ 7 “7 A
3.2 1.14 0.96 - 1.34 ) BR Sub-
3.4 1.56 1.34-1.81 > BB > Iv investment
3.6 2.10 1.81-2.40 grade
3.8 2.74 2.40 - 3.10 p BB 4 4 Vv
4.0 3.50 3.10 3.90 BE 7 A
42 4.35 3.90 - 4.86
4.4 5.42 4.86 - 6.04 B >. v Non-
4.6 6.74 6.04-7.52 investment
48 8.39 7.52-9.35 A

Be grade
5.0 10.43 9.35 11.64 J
5.2 12.98 11.64- 14.48 7

ccc+ cece
5.4 16.15 14.48 - 18.01

ccc, ccc- vi
5.6 20.09 18.01 - 22.41 coc
5.8 47.34 22.41-99.99 cae 4 ‘ v
6.1 >90 days past due
6.2 Imminent insolvency
63 Restructuring with recapitalisation D Default
64 Termination without insolvency

6.5 v

Insolvency

1 CRR = Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No 575/2013.

Risk mitigation

The collateral taken into account in risk management changed in
the period under review from €121.2bn to €123.3bn for positions
in the Group’s performing portfolio and from €1.2bn to €1.1bn for
positions in the default portfolio.

Commerzbank mitigates credit risk through various measures
including collateral and netting procedures.

Types of collateral include in particular land charges, financial
collateral, guarantees, indemnities, credit derivatives, life insurance
policies, other registered liens and other physical collateral.

There have been no visible effects of the coronavirus pandemic
on the market values of typical loan collateral (especially real
estate) to date; with the exception of aircraft, no further portfolio-
based haircuts have been factored in.

The Bank takes account of credit risk mitigation effects from
the acceptance of recognisable warranties (guarantees, com-
parable claims on third parties) by using the guarantor’s risk
parameters (PD and LGD) and/or, in the case of the CRSA, the

regulatory risk weightings.


--- Page 51 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Re

As at the reporting date, no loan loss provisions were created
for transactions with a total volume of €5.9bn (31 December 2020:
€6.0bn), as these are entirely collateralised.

Where eligible from a regulatory point of view, guarantors are
subject to a creditworthiness check and rating assignment based
on their sector and business as part of the assessment of their
declaration of liability. The aim of the creditworthiness check is to
establish the guarantor’s creditworthiness and maximum solvency.

The quality of the collateralisation recognised for regulatory
purposes is rigorously checked and monitored on an ongoing
basis. This includes in particular checks on legal enforceability
and regular measurement of the collateral, carried out at appro-
priate intervals depending on the type of collateral, at least annu-
ally or on an event-driven basis. Positive correlations between the
debtor’s creditworthiness and the value of the collateral or guaran-
tee are defined in the credit and collateral processing process;
collateral instruments affected are not counted. Collateral is
processed and evaluated primarily outside the front office.

The Bank analyses all credit collateral (physical and personal
collateral) for evidence of collateral concentrations. The analysis
includes checks on various dimensions such as collateral cate-
gories, the borrower's rating classes or regional allocations of col-
lateral. The Board of Managing Directors receives regular infor-
mation in respect of the above dimensions about changes in the
collateral pool and possible issues/concentrations.

The measurement and processing of collateral is governed by
generally applicable standards and collateral-specific instructions
(guidelines, process descriptions, IT instructions). Collateral agree-
ments are legally reviewed; standard agreements and templates are
used where possible. The standards drawn up to hedge or mitigate
the risk of loans, which also take into account the regulatory
requirements of the CRR, include, among other things:

e Legal and operational standards for documentation and data
collection and measurement standards.

e Standards to ensure the uniformity and timeliness of collateral
measurement through the definition of measurement processes,
uniform measurement methods, parameters and defined collate-
ral discounts, clear definition of competences and responsibility

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Inforrr

03 Executiv
04 Ris!
112. Default risk
27

for the processing and measurement process, and regular
remeasurement frequencies.
e Other standards to take account of specific risks such as
operational risk, correlation and concentration risk, market
price change risk (e.g. due to currency fluctuations), country
risk, legal and legal change risk and the risk of inadequate

insurance coverage.

Commerzbank Group

Commerzbank focuses its business on two customer segments,
Private and Small-Business Customers (PSBC) and Corporate
Clients (CC).

The coronavirus pandemic continued to have a huge impact on
the global economy in 2021. While the incidence of infection
decreased significantly in spring 2021 in many countries and the
coronavirus-related restrictions were noticeably relaxed, new
waves of infection began to build up in autumn, which recently
gained considerable momentum with the emergence of the
Omicron variant. Against this background, the coronavirus-related
rules in many countries were drastically tightened again.

The coronavirus pandemic will continue to have a significant
impact on the global economy in 2022. The currently high number
of new coronavirus infections will likely only decrease sustainably
in spring 2022, as was the case in the past year.

The direct and indirect consequences of the coronavirus pan-
demic are covered in particular by means of a top-level adjustment
(TLA) in the risk result as well as adjustments of models. The TLA
figure recorded in the 2020 financial statements was checked
during the year on the quarterly reporting dates and recalculated if
necessary. The majority of these effects are not yet perceptible in
the remaining risk figures, as they will only become noticeable here
with a time lag.

Credit risk parameters

The credit risk parameters in the Commerzbank Group are
distributed in the rating classes 1.0 to 5.8 over the segments as
follows:

117


--- Page 52 ---

118 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected Risk CVaR Exposure Expected Risk CVaR
at default loss density at default loss density
€bn €m bp €m €bn €m bp €m
Private and Small-Business Customers 203 408 20 2,180 190 401 21 2,025
Corporate Clients 174 347 20 4,197 180 430 24 4,647
Others and Consolidation 93 114 12 2,141 96 141 15 2,721
Group 470 869 18 8,518 466 971 21 9,393
When broken down on the basis of PD ratings, 85% of the Group’s
portfolio is in the internal rating classes 1 and 2, which comprise
investment grade.
Rating breakdown EaD | % 1.0-1.8 2.0-2.8 3.0-3.8 4.0-4.8 5.0-5.8 1.0-1.8 2.0-2.8 3.0-3.8 4.0-4.8 5.0-5.8
Private and Small-Business Customers 30 55 12 2 1 32 52 13 3 1
Corporate Clients 18 62 15 3 2 20 59 16 4 2
Others and Consolidation 49 47 3 0 0 56 41 3 0 0
Group 29 56 11 2 1 32 53 12 2 1

The Group’s country risk assessment covers both transfer risks
and event risks driven by political and economic events which
impact on the individual economic entities of a country. Country
risks are managed on the basis of transfer risk limits defined at
level.

country Country exposures which are significant for

Commerzbank due to their size are handled by the Credit

Committee on a separate basis.
The regional breakdown of the exposure corresponds to the
Bank’s strategic direction and reflects the main areas of its global

business activities.

Group portfolio Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
by region at default loss density at default loss density
€bn €m bp €bn €m bp
Germany 257 363 14 248 415 17
Western Europe 96 198 21 102 238 23
Central and Eastern Europe 55 222 40 51 207 41
North America 37 35 9 33 46 14
Asia 15 23 16 24 34 15
Other an 28 27 10 31 31
Group 470 869 18 466 971 21
More than half of the Bank’s exposure relates to Germany, another Risk result

third to other countries in Europe, 8% to North America and 3%
to Asia. The rest is broadly diversified and is split among a large
number of countries where we serve German exporters in par-
ticular or where Commerzbank has a local presence. The expected
ided between Germany and

loss of the Group portfolio is mainly di

the other European countries.

The risk result relating to the Group’s lending business in 2021
amounted to €-570m (prior-year period: €-1,748m).

The following table shows the breakdown of the risk result by
stage according to IFRS 9. In Note 32 of the Group financial
statements (Credit risks and credit losses) details regarding the
stages can be found; in Note 11 (Risk result) the definition of the

risk result can be found.


--- Page 53 ---

our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Any fluctuations in the market values of fair value loans are not
recognised in the risk result. They are recognised in the net
income from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
through profit or loss.

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements

03 Executive summ
04 Risk-oriente

112

Default risk

Risk result | €m Stage1  Stage2' Stage 3! Total Stage1  Stage2' Stage 3" Total
Private and Small-Business Customers -23 -1 -295 -319 -9 -183 -369 -562
Corporate Clients 8 18 -175 -149 -35 -355 -690  -1,081
Others and Consolidation 6 -35 -72 -101 -6 5 -106 -106
Group -9 -18 -542 -570 -50 -533 0 -1,165 -1,748

* Including allocated risk result from POCI (POC! ~ purchased or originated credit-impaired)

There was a considerable drop in the risk result compared to the
previous year because lower loan losses were recorded for 2021
than had originally been expected and no further significant
additions to the TLA had to be made. The model-based parameters
used to determine risk provisions do not yet fully reflect the effects
of the coronavirus pandemic. As in 2020, a pandemic-related top-
level adjustment was therefore required for the risk result.

The TLA figure of €-505m booked as at 31 December 2020 was
checked during the year on the quarterly reporting dates and
recalculated if necessary. At the end of 2021 the TLA figure was
completely recalculated based on an updated macroeconomic
scenario, parameter adjustments derived from it and current
portfolio data. This led to an increase in the TLA in the current
calendar year by €-17m. The TLA as at 31 December 2021 thus
amounted to €-523m. The assumptions regarding increased
probabilities of default compared with the model result were
updated to take account of developments as at the reporting date.
The TLA takes into account the expected effects of the coronavirus
pandemic on the Commerzbank Group by the end of 2022. This is
based on a macroeconomic scenario that reflects the uncertainty
that increased in the fourth quarter of 2021 owing to the fourth
coronavirus wave and the occurrence of new mutations, including
the resulting measures and restrictions on public life, which will
have a negative impact on economic performance in 2022. In
addition, economic performance in 2022 is threatened by indirect
and secondary effects from the pandemic, such as interruptions to
production chains, scarcity of raw materials and rising energy
prices in the eurozone. The adequacy of the TLA is continually
reviewed. (Details on the background to and adjustment of the
TLA can also be found in Note 32 of the Group financial state-
ments (Credit risks and credit losses)).

Further drivers of the risk result in the reporting period are
addressed in the following explanatory notes on the segments.

For 2022 the Bank expects charges of less than €700m for the
risk result.

Default portfolio

The Group’s default portfolio decreased by €640m in 2021 and
stood at €4,156m as at the end of the year. The decline in 2021
was attributable in the main to larger write-downs on individual
exposures in the Corporate Clients segment, as well as in Others
and Consolidation amid otherwise low inflows into the default
portfolio.

The following breakdown of the default portfolio shows the
claims in the default portfolio in the amortised cost and fair value
OCI (other comprehensive income) categories. The loans are
almost exclusively assigned to the amortised cost category, of
which by far the greatest share of €3.9bn (31 December 2020:
€4.6bn) relates to the loans and receivables class, and €244m
(31 December 2020: €211m) to off-balance-sheet transactions. As
at 31 December 2021 the volume of defaulted securities that can
be assigned to the debt securities class was €3m (31 December
2020: €3m fair value OCI category). The collateral shown is liable
to the full extent for loans in the amortised cost category, with
€1,087m (31 December 2020: €1,137m) relating to loans and
receivables and €27m (31 December 2020: €31m) to off-balance-
sheet transactions.

As at 31 December 2021 there was no default volume to be
reported for credit transactions in the fair value OCI category
(31 December 2020: €4m).

119


--- Page 54 ---

120 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Default portfolio Group | €m Loans Securities Total Loans Securities Total
Default portfolio 4,152 3 4,156 4,792 3 4,795
LLP 2,055 0 2,055 2,272 0 2,272
Coverage ratio excluding collateral (%)? 49 - 49 47 - 47
Collateral 1,109 0 1,109 1,168 0 1,168
Coverage ratio including collateral (%)? 76 - 76 72 - 72
NPE ratio (%)? 0.9 1.0

* Loan loss provisions.
2 Coverage ratio: LLP (and collateral) as a proportion of the default portfolio.

2 NPE ratio: default portfolio (non-performing exposures ~ NPE) as a proportion of total exposures (EaD including NPE) according to EBA Risk Dashboard.

Commerzbank uses the definition in Article 178 CRR as the
criterion for default. The EBA guidelines on the application of the
definition of default referred to in Article 178 of Regulation (EU)
No 575/2013 are taken into account. The default portfolio is
divided into the following five classes based on the nature of the
default:

e Rating class 6.1: Over 90 days past due.

e Rating classes 6.2/6.3: Unlikely-to-pay, or the Bank is assisting

in financial rescue or distressed restructuring at the customer

by making concessions.

e Rating classes 6.4/6.5: The Bank recalls the loan and the

customer has become insolvent respectively.

The table below shows the breakdown of the default portfolio

based on the five rating classes:

Group rating classification | €m 6.1 6.2/6.3 6.4/6.5 Total 6.1 6.2/6.3 6.4/6.5 Total
Default portfolio 668 1,722 1,766 4,156 759 1,924 2,112 4,795
LLP 274 690 1,090 2,055 350 691 1,231 2,272
Collateral 287 441 382 1,109 333 416 419 1,168
Coverage ratio including collateral (%) 84 66 83 76 90 58 78 72

Overdrafts in the performing loan book

In order to avoid an increase in the default portfolio, overdrafts are
closely monitored at Commerzbank. In addition to the 90 days-
past-due trigger event, IT-based management of overdrafts starts

on the first day the account is overdrawn. The table below shows

overdrafts outside the default portfolio based on the exposure at

default as at the end of December 2021. The changes may also be

due to short-term overdrafts:

EaD >0530 >30<60 >60<90 >90 days Total >0530 >30560 >60<90 >90days Total
€m days days days days days days

Private and Small-

Business Customers 568 80 38 0 686 834 82 27 " 954
Corporate Clients 1,553 62 0 0 1,615 1,823 19 19 42 1,903
Group" 2,121 142 38 0 2,301 2,657 101 46 532,857

"Including Others and Consolidation,


--- Page 55 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility M nent R

Private and Small-Business Customers segment

The Private and Small-Business Customers (PSBC) segment
includes activities with private and small-business customers, in

private banking and in wealth management, and with customers of

the Group divisions comdirect and Commerz Real. mBank is also
shown in the Private and Small-Business Customers segment.

The focus of the portfolio is on traditional owner-occupied
home financing and the financing of real estate capital investments
(residential mortgage loans and investment properties with a total
EaD of €102bn). We provide our small-business customers with

Risk Report f Statements Furthe
Executive summa
04 Risk-orien
112 Default risk
Market risk

Liquidity r

nanci

credit mainly in the form of individual loans with a volume of
€27bn. In addition, we meet our customers’ day-to-day demand for
credit with consumer loans (overdrafts, instalment loans and credit
cards, to a total of €15bn). The portfolio’s expansion in recent
months was largely due to residential mortgage loans.

Compared with the previous year, the risk density of the port-
folio improved slightly to 20 basis points (December 2020: 21 basis
points). An increased risk due to the coronavirus pandemic is not
yet visible in the portfolio, but the uncertainty about further deve-
lopments remains.

Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected k Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Private Customers 83 108 13 114 149 13
Small-Business Customers 35 54 15 34 60 18
comdirect 2 5 24 2 8 44
Commerz Real 0 0 10 0 0 16
Private Banking 11 9 8 - - -
Wealth Management 26 25 10 - - -
mBank 45 207 46 41 184 45
PSBC 203 408 20 190 401 21

* As at 1 July 2021 the structure of the sub-portfolios was changed.

The risk result in the Private and Small-Business Customers seg-
ment was €-319m in the 2021 financial year (previous year:
€-562m). The reduction was largely due to the lower impact of the
coronavirus pandemic. The effects of the coronavirus crisis have
not yet materialised to a large extent for the Small-Business Custo-
mers portfolio owing to support measures and a pandemic-related
TLA was therefore still required for 2021. The updated TLA as at
December 2021 remained almost unchanged for the portfolio and
amounted to €-126m as at 31 December 2021 (31 December
2020: €-130m); the amount is almost entirely attributable to the
Small-Business Customers portfolio. In addition, an amount of

€-60m from the regular rea
was added to the risk result in the fourth quarter of 2021, of which

sessment of the IFRS 9 parameters

€-42m was attributable to the non-significant default portfolio.

At €-187m, risk provisioning for possible loan losses at mBank
so well below the previous year’s figure of €-274m, which
was due to the significantly reduced impact relating to the corona-

virus pandemic compared to the previous year. The risk result of
mBank resulted in part from allocations for individual
mBank’s result also includes a reversal of loan loss provisions total-
ling €14m resulting from the regular reassessment of the IFRS 9

cases.

parameters.

The default portfolio in the segment declined and stood at
€1,846m as at the reporting date (31 December 2020: €2,041m).
The decline compared with the end of 2020 was primarily due to
the low level of new defaults at both Commerzbank and mBank
in 2021.


--- Page 56 ---

122 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Default portfolio PSBC | €m Loans Securities Total Loans Securities Total
Default portfolio 1,846 0 1,846 2,041 0 2,041
LLP 826 0 826 969 0 969
Coverage ratio excluding collateral (Y%) 45 - 45 47 - 47
Collateral 717 0 717 727 0 727
Coverage ratio including collateral (Y%) 84 - 84 83 - 83

Corporate Clients segment

The Corporate Clients segment (CC) comprises the Group's
activities with mid-size corporate clients, the public sector,
institutional customers and multinational corporates. The segment
is also responsible for the Group’s relationships with banks and
financial institutions in Germany and abroad, as well as with

central banks. The regional focus of our activities is on Germany

and Western Europe. The Group's customer-oriented capital
markets activities are also bundled in this segment.

The EaD of the Corporate Clients segment decreased from
€180bn to €174bn compared with 31 December of the previous
year. Risk density decreased from 24 basis points to 20 basis
points.

For details of developments in the Financial Institutions
portfolio, please see page 124.

isk parameters Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk

at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Mittelstand 77 158 20 80 189 24
International Corporates 60 120 20 64 155 24
Financial Institutions 21 47 23 20 57 28
Other 16 23 14 16 29 18
cc 174 347 20 180 430 24

The risk result for the Corporate Clients segment in the 2021
financial year was €-149m (previous year: €-1,081m). The charge
for the segment was considerably reduced compared with the
previous year owing to the lower impact of the coronavirus
pandemic. The proportion of the TLA attributable to the segment
was €-392m as at 31 December 2021, with an allocation of €-18m
recognised in profit or loss being made in 2021. The need for the
TLA adjustment resulted from the assumptions for sectors/sub-
portfolios, which were checked and in part adjusted on the basis of
the macroeconomic scenario, for which direct and/or indirect
effects are to be expected. Tourism/hotels and retail, which are
predominantly affected by primary effects, are relevant examples
here. Another example is the automotive industry, where secondary
effects in particular, such as interruptions to supply chains and
production cutbacks due to a lack of raw materials (e.g. semi-

conductors), are having a negative impact. Resulting rating migra-
tions and defaults are expected for 2022, which are currently not

yet reflected in the model-based calculation of loan loss provisi
and are therefore covered by the TLA.

The risk result for the segment also includes an addition of
€-21m for the fourth quarter, which results from the regular
reassessment of the IFRS 9 parameters, of which €-17m relates to
the non-significant default portfolio.

The default portfolio in the segment stood at €2,096m as at the
end of 2021 (31 December 2020: €2,334m). The change in 2021
was mainly attributable to the write-down of a relatively large
individual exposure and repayments, which continued to overcom-
pensate for the currently low inflows to the default portfolio from:
new defaults.


--- Page 57 ---

porate Responsibility Mai nent R

nancial Statements Furthe
Exec
Ris
Default risk
Market risk

Liqu

Default portfolio CC | €m Loans Securities Total Loans Securities Total
Default portfolio 2,092 3 2,096 2,331 3 2,334
LLP 1,076 0 1,076 1,106 0 1,106
Coverage ratio excluding collateral (%) 51 - 51 47 - 47
Collateral 387 0 387 402 0 402
Coverage ratio including collateral (%) 70 - 70 65 - 65

The risk result in the Others and Consolidation segment was
€-101m in the 2021 financial year (previous year: €-106m) and
was thus at a similar level. Drivers for risk provisions in 2021 were
the negative performance of an existing exposure, which required
an increase in the existing risk provision, and an increase in the
risk provision in the non-defaulted portfolio in the amount of
€-19m due to the regular review of the IFRS 9 parameters. The
regular review of the IFRS 9 parameters did not result in any need
for adjustments in the non-significant default portfolio of the
segment. The TLA for the segment was €-5m, of which €-3m was
added in 2021 with an effect on income.

Further portfolio analyses

The analyses below are independent of the existing segment
allocation. The positions shown are already contained in full in the
Group and segment presentations above.

Corporates portfolio by sector

Overall, the different sectors of German industry continue to be
affected to varying degrees by the coronavirus pandemic as well
as by unrelated, fundamental structural challenges. In the first half

of 2021, the negative impact of the crisis decreased. An improved
performance since the beginning of the pandemic was particularly
noticeable in the manufacturing, construction, automotive and
logistics sectors.

The tourism segment suffered significantly from the strict
infection control measures in the first half of 2021. With the easing
of the restrictions, partial recovery effects were observed, albeit
well below the pre-crisis level. While the tourism industry is opti-
mistic about 2022, the risks from new virus variants (e.g. Omicron)
remain a latent risk that still needs to be closely observed.

In addition to the course of the coronavirus pandemic, the
maintenance of the supply chains and the availability of inter-
mediate products (e.g. semiconductors) as well as increased raw
material prices will have a significant impact on the business
performance of many companies. In the second half of 2021 in
particular, an increase in risks was observed in some sectors (e.g.
automotive suppliers). It is to be expected that the increased raw
material prices and the limited availability of intermediate products
will continue in 2022. The pandemic and possible other virus vari-
ants will continue to influence the risk profile.

A breakdown of the corporates exposure by sector is shown
below.

123


--- Page 58 ---

124 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Corporates portfolio by sector Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Energy supply/Waste management 22 51 23 22 73 33
Consumption 16 38 24 15 51 34
Technology/Electrical industry 15 27 18 14 35 25
Wholesale 13 37 27 12 3 35
Transport/Tourism 13 46 37 12 56 45
Basic materials/Metals 10 25 24 10 28 27
Services/Media 10 28 28 10 34 34
Automotive 10 30 30 10 39 41
Chemicals/Plastics 8 26 31 9 23 26
Mechanical engineering 7 19 25 8 31 37
Pharma/Healthcare 6 25 42 5 22 41
Construction 5 12 22 6 7 31
Other 5 3 6 6 7 1
Total 141 367 26 141 460 33

Financial Institutions portfolio

Our network of correspondent banks continued to focus on trade
finance activities on behalf of our corporate customers and on
capital market activities. In derivatives, we enter into trades with
selected counterparties under the European Market Infrastructure
Regulation (EMIR) standards.

We continue to keep a close watch on the impact of regulatory
requirements on banks. In this context, we continue to pursue our
strategy of holding as few exposures as possible which might
absorb losses in the event of a bail-in of an affected institution.

We are keeping a close eye on developments in various
countries affected by specific issues such as recessions, embargoes
and economic uncertainty caused by political events (e.g. trade
wars) and are responding with flexible portfolio management that
is tailored to the individual situation of each country. This applies in
particular to the upheavals resulting from the coronavirus
pandemic and energy price developments, which are having a
major impact on the operating environment of our correspondent
banks in both industrialised and developing countries. Overall, our
risk appetite is geared to keeping the portfolio as responsive as

possible.

FI portfolio by region Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Germany 5 4 9 6 7 11
Western Europe 15 10 7 16 13 8
Central and Eastern Europe 2 9 44 2 12 60
North America 2 1 2 3 1 2
Asia 5 15 28 7 22 32
Other 6 18 31 5 18 37
Total 35 56 16 39 72 18

Non-Bank Financial Institutions portfolio

The Non-Bank Financial Institutions (NBFI) portfolio mainly

comprises insurance companies, asset managers, regulated funds

and central counterparties. Business activities are focused on

Germany, Western Europe, the United States and Asia.
Commerzbank conducts new business with NBFIs partly in

consideration of regulatory requirements (clearing via central

counterparties) and partly in the interests of our institutional cus-

tomers, with a focus on attractive opportunities with customers
with good credit ratings and valuable security. We manage our
portfolios with the aim of ensuring their high quality and
We are keeping a close eye on risks stemming

responsivene:
from global events and are responding with flexible portfolio
management that is tailored to the individual situation. The effects

of the coronavirus pandemic on the operating environment of


--- Page 59 ---

Shareholders onsibility M

NBFI customers have further diminished, so that we currently do
not expect any deterioration in creditworthiness.

Risk Report Fir
D4 Risk-oriented ove
112 Default risk

27, Market

OL

nanci

NBFI portfolio by region Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Germany 18 18 10 7 18 10
Western Europe 13 18 14 12 23 19
Central and Eastern Europe 2 14 75 2 12 53
North America 9 5 6 9 1 1
Asia 1 1 11 2 12
Other 1 3 39 1 4 55
Total 44 60 14 44 71 16

Originator positions

Commerzbank has in recent years securitised receivables from

loans to the Bank’s customers with a current volume of €11.5bn

for capital management purposes (31 December 2020: €12.3bn).
As at the reporting date 31 December 2021, risk exposures with

a value of €9.8bn were retained (31 December 2020: €10.2bn). By

far the largest share of all positions was accounted for by €9.6bn

(31 December 2020: €10.0bn) on senior tranches, which are almost
entirely rated good to very good. Commerzbank did not issue any
new transactions in 2021. In 2020, two transactions with a total
issue volume of €7.9bn were issued. We do not see any impacts
from the coronavirus pandemic on risk positions in the reporting
period.

Commerzbank volume’

Maturity Senior Mezzanine First loss piece |
Corporates 2025 - 2036 9.6 <0.1 0.2 11.5
Total 31.12.2021 9.6 <01 0.2 11.5
Total 31.12.2020 10.0 <0.1 0.2 12.3

Tranches/retentions (nominal): banking and trading book.

Conduit exposure and other asset-backed exposures

The Bank provides financing to securitise receivables, in particular
trade and leasing receivables, from customers in the Corporate
Clients segment. In this context, Commerzbank acts mainly as an
arranger of asset-backed securities transactions via the Commerz-
bank-sponsored multi-seller conduit Silver Tower. The volume and
risk values for the securitisation of receivables in the Corporate
Clients segment rose by €0.3bn to €3.9bn in 2021.

Liquidity risk subsumes the risk that Commerzbank will be
unable to meet its payment obligations on a day-to-day basis.
Liquidity risks from securitisations are modelled in the internal
liquidity risk model on a risk-adjusted basis. In the case of trans-
actions subject to variable utilisation, it is assumed that the pur-

chase facilities provided to the special-purpose companies must be
refinanced almost in full by Commerzbank for the duration of their
term and until the maturity of the last financed receivable. Secu-
ritisations only qualify as liquid assets if they are eligible for redis-
count at the European Central Bank. These positions are only
included liquidity risk calculation after risk-adjusted
discounts are applied.

in the

The other asset-backed exposures mainly comprise govern-ment-
guaranteed asset-backed securities (ABS) held by Commerzbank
Finance & Covered Bond S.A. and Commerzbank AG in Germany. In
2021 the volume declined to €3.9bn (December 2020: €4.4bn), as
did the risk values' at €3.9bn (December 2020: €4.4bn).

” Risk value is the balance sheet value of cash instruments. For long CDS positions, it
comprises the nominal value of the reference instrument less the net present value of
the credit derivative


--- Page 60 ---

126 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

There are also investments in the Structured Credit area. The
volume of new investments entered into since 2014 stood at
€6.9bn (December 2020: €5.9bn). We have invested in bonds of
senior tranches of securitisation transactions in the consumer
(auto) ABS, UK RMBS and CLO asset classes, which have a robust
structure and a moderate risk profile. At 31 December 2021, this
portfolio solely contained AAA-rated CLO positions (also the case
at the end of 2020). Remaining structured credit positions with a
volume of €0.2bn were already in the portfolio prior to 2014
(December 2020: €0.3bn), while risk values stood at €0.2bn
(December 2020: €0.2bn).

Forbearance portfolio

The EBA’s definition of forbearance comprises two requirements,
which have to be met concurrently: the debtor is in financial
difficulties and the measures of the bank to help the debtor
include concessions to the debtor that the bank would not have
agreed to under different circumstances. Examples of concessions

include deferrals, increases in limits or loans and waivers in

connection with restructuring. The definition of forbearance
applies independently of whether the debtor is in the performing
or the non-performing portfolio.

The following tables show Commerzbank’s total forbearance
portfolio on the basis of the EBA definition as well as the loan loss

provisions for these positions:

Forbearance portfolio by segment Forborne LLP LLP Forborne LLP LLP

exposure coverage exposure coverage

ratio ratio

€m em % €m €m %

Private and Small-Business Customers 920 140 15 1,091 201 18

Corporate Clients 2,240 413 18 2,215 377 17

Others and Consolidation 207 142 69 298 156 53

Group 3,367 695 21 3,604 735 20
The forbearance portfolio by region is as follows:

Forbearance portfolio by region Forborne LLP LLP Forborne LLP LLP

exposure coverage exposure coverage

ratio ratio

€m em % €m €m %

Germany 1,744 390 22 1,912 376 20

Western Europe 858 183 21 745 48 6

Central and Eastern Europe 472 112 24 866 301 35

North America 8 1 7 2 0 1

Asia 220 1 1 3 2 47

Other 65 8 13 76 9 12

Group 3,367 695 21 3,604 735 20

In April 2020, the EBA established a relief regime in relation to
public and private payment moratoria in the context of the corona-
virus pandemic. These payment moratoria do not trigger the
classification as forbearance or distressed restructuring if the mea-
sures taken are based on applicable national law or on an industry-
wide private initiative agreed and widely applied by the credit
institutions involved.

Commerzbank also granted its customers corresponding mora-
toria in the second and third quarters of 2020 with terms of three

to six months. The vast majority of borrowers resumed payment of
their instalments on time after the end of the deferral period.

The decline in forbearance exposure of around 7% in 2021
stems primarily from German Private and Small-Business Custo-
mers. The LLP coverage ratio at Group level increased slightly
to 21%.

In addition to the LLP of €695m (31 December 2020: €735m),
the risks in the forbearance portfolio are covered by collateral
totalling €1,179m (31 December 2020: €1,032m).


--- Page 61 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Re

Market risk

Market risk is the risk of potential financial losses due to changes
in market prices (interest rates, commodities, credit spreads,
exchange rates and equity prices) or in parameters that affect
prices such as volatilities and correlations. Losses may impact
profit or loss directly, e.g. in the case of trading book positions.
However, for banking book positions they are reflected generally
in the revaluation reserve or in hidden liabilities/reserves.

Strategy and organisation

Commerzbank’s market risk strategy is derived from its overall risk
strategy and the business strategies of the individual segments. It
sets targets risk management in
Commerzbank’s main business activities. The core market risk

for market relation to

management tasks are the identification of all material market
risks and drivers of market risk and the independent measurement
and evaluation of these. The results and estimates serve as the
basis for risk/return-oriented management.

The Board of Managing Directors
responsible for ensuring the effective management of market risk
throughout the Commerzbank Group. Specific levels of authority
and responsibility in relation to market risk management have

of Commerzbank is

been assigned to the appropriate market risk committee.

In the Group Market Risk Committee, segment representatives,
along with representatives from the risk function and finance area,
discuss current risk positioning issues and decide on appropriate
action. Chaired by the risk function, the Group Market Risk
Committee, which meets monthly, deals with the Commerzbank
Group's market risk position. Discussions centre on the monthly
market risk report, which is also presented to the Board of Manag-
ing Directors for their consideration. The report summarises the
latest developments on financial markets, the Bank’s positioning
and related risk ratios.

The risk management process involves the identification,
measurement, management and monitoring of risks and reporting
on them. It is the responsibility in functional terms of market risk
management, which is independent of trading activities. Central
market risk management is complemented by decentralised
market risk management units at segment level and for regional

Risk Report Financial Statements Fur

03. Executiv
04 Ris
2 Defaul

127 Market risk
30 Liquidity r

units and subsidiaries. The close integration of central and local
risk management with the business units means that the risk
management process starts in the trading areas themselves. The
trading units are responsible in particular for the active
management of market risk positions, e.g. reduction measures or

hedging.

Risk management

Commerzbank uses a wide range of quantitative and qualitative
tools to manage and monitor market risk. Quantitative limits for
sensitivities, value at risk, stress tests, scenario analyses and ratios
on economic capital limit the market risk. Our comprehensive rule-
book, in the form of market risk policies and guidelines as well as
restrictions on portfolio structure, new products, maturities and
minimum ratings, establishes the qualitative framework for market
risk management. The market risk strategy lays down the weight-
ing of figures in each segment by reference to their relevance.
Thereby allowance is made for the varying impact of the para-
meters for the management of the segments in line with the busi-
ness strategy.

Market risk is managed internally at Group level, segment level
and in each segment’s reporting units. A comprehensive internal
limit system broken down to portfolio level is implemented and
forms a core part of internal market risk management.

The quantitative and qualitative factors limiting market risk are
determined by the market risk committees by reference to the
Group's management of economic capital. The utilisation of these
limits, together with the relevant net income figures, is reported
daily to the Board of Managing Directors and the responsible
heads of the Group divisions. Based on qualitative analyses and
quantitative ratios, the market risk function identifies potential
future risks, anticipates potential financial losses in collaboration
with the finance function, and draws up proposals for further
action, which are discussed with the front office units. Voting on
the proposed measures or risk positions takes place in the above-
mentioned market risk committee and is subsequently submitted
to the Board of Managing Directors for approval.

127


--- Page 62 ---

128 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Risk concentrations are restricted directly using specific limits
or are indirectly avoided, for example, using stress test limits. In
addition, the combination of various conventional risk measures
(e.g. VaR, sensitivities) ensures the appropriate management of
concentration risks. Furthermore, risk drivers are analysed on a
regular basis in order to identify concentrations. The risk
management of existing concentrations is also reviewed using
situation-driven analyses and, where necessary, supplemented by
targeted measures such as limits.

Any limits that are breached are handled in a separate esca-
lation procedure. After a limit breach has been identified, the front
office and risk units design adequate countermeasures. If the limit
breach cannot be remedied within a reasonable period, it will be
escalated by the market risk function to the next hierarchical level.

Regulatory risk measures that are not included in economic
risk-bearing capacity are limited and managed separately. These
include, for example, stressed VaR and incremental risk charge.

In internal management, all positions relevant to market risk
are covered, and trading and banking book positions are jointly
managed. In addition, for regulatory purposes the trading book is
managed separately (in accordance with regulatory requirements,
including currency and commodity risks in the banking book) and
interest rate risks in the banking book are managed on a stand-
alone basis. In order to provide a consistent presentation in this
report, all figures relating to VaR are based on a confidence level
of 99%, a holding period of one day, equally weighted market
data and a 254-day history.

Trading book

Below, we show how the regulatory market risk ratios of the
trading book portfolio developed. Most of Commerzbank’s trading
book positions derive from the Corporate Clients segment and
Group Treasury division. The VaR figures comprise all risks in the
internal VaR model. Commerzbank subsidiaries use standardised
approaches for their regulatory capital calculation under partial
use rules.

The VaR declined from €12m to €7m in 2021. The reason for
this was that extreme scenarios relating to the coronavirus from
March of the previous year no longer had an influence on the time
series for the VaR calculation.

VaR of portfolios in the Pe 2020
trading book | €m

Minimum 3 5
Mean 7 13
Maximum 20 31

VaR at end of reporting period 7 12

The market risk profile is diversified across all asset classes.

VaR contribution by risk type in the 31.12.2020
trading book | €m

Credit spreads

Interest rates

Equities
FX
Commodities
Total

sf rfr]} ofr] =
RN] wfalolalr

Further risk ratios are calculated for regulatory capital adequacy.
This includes the calculation of stressed VaR. Stressed VaR is
calculated using the internal model on the basis of the VaR
method described above. The main difference lies in the market
data used to value the assets. Stressed VaR measures the risk in
the present position in the trading book by reference to market
movements from a specified crisis period in the past. The crisis
observation period used for this is checked regularly through
model validation and approval processes and adjusted where
necessary. The crisis observation period remained the same
during the year.

The market risk profile in stressed VaR is also diversified across
all asset classes. The dominant asset classes are interest rates and
commodities. The increase in the commodities asset class results
in particular from trading in emissions certificates.

pe 31.12.2020

Stressed VaR contribution by risk
type in the trading book | €m

Credit spreads 7 3
Interest rates 10 8
Equities 1 1
FX 5 7
Commodities 16 9
Total 39 28

In addition, the incremental risk charge and the equity event VaR
figures quantify the risk of deterioration in creditworthiness and
event risks in trading book positions. The incremental risk charge
rose by €11m to €31m in the course of 2021. This is mainly due to
position changes in the Corporate Clients segment and in Group
Treasury.


--- Page 63 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

The reliability of the internal model (historical simulation) is
monitored in various ways, including by backtesting, on a daily
basis. The VaR calculated is set against actually occurring profits
and losses. The process draws a distinction between “clean P&L”
and “dirty P&L” backtesting. In the former, exactly the same
positions in the income statement are used as were used for
calculating the VaR. This means that the profits and losses result
only from changes in market prices (hypothetical changes in the
portfolio value). In dirty P&L backtesting, by contrast, profits and
losses from newly concluded and expired transactions from the
day under consideration are also included (actual profits and
losses induced by portfolio value changes). Profits and losses from
valuation adjustments and model reserves are factored into dirty
and clean P&L according to the regulatory requirements.

If the actual loss exceeds the VaR, it is described as a negative
backtesting outlier. Analysing the results of backtesting provides
an informative basis for checking parameters and for potential
improvement to the market risk model. In 2021 two negative clean
P&L outliers and one negative dirty P&L outlier were measured.
The clean P&L outliers are mainly due to extraordinary price
fluctuations related to trading in CO2 emissions certificates. The
dirty P&L outlier was mainly caused by market movements in
interest rates and foreign currencies.

Checks were carried out to verify that none of the observed
backtesting outliers were caused by model weaknesses. Back-
testing is also used by the supervisory authorities for evaluating
internal risk models. Negative outliers are classified by means of a
traffic-light system laid down by the supervisory authorities. All
negative backtesting outliers at Group level (from both clean P&L
and dirty P&L) must be reported to the supervisory authorities,
citing their extent and cause.

As the VaR concept gives a prediction of potential losses
assuming normal market conditions, it is supplemented by stress
tests. These stress tests measure the risk to which Commerzbank is
exposed, based on unlikely but still plausible events. These events
may be simulated using extreme movements on various financial
markets. The key scenarios relate to major changes in credit
spreads, interest rates and yield curves, exchange rates, share
prices and commodities prices. Examples of events simulated in
stress tests include all stock prices falling by 15%, a parallel shift in
the yield curve and changes to the curve’s gradient.

Extensive Group-wide stress tests and scenario analyses are
carried out as part of risk monitoring.

The internal model’s individual components are independently
validated at regular intervals to assess their appropriateness for
risk measurement. The identification and elimination of model
weaknesses are of particular importance in this.

Management Report

Further Info:

Risk Report Financial Statements

03 &
04. Risk
2 Defaul

127 Market risk

Liquidity risk

Banking book _

The key drivers of market risk in the banking book are the Group
Treasury portfolios, with their credit spread, interest rate and basis
risks.

In market risk management, credit spread sensitivities in the
banking and trading books are considered together. Credit spread
sensitivities (downshift of 1 basis point) for all securities and
derivative positions (excluding loans) were at €50m as at the end
of 2021 (31 December 2020: €53m).

Most credit spread sensitivities related to securities positions
measured at amortised cost. Changes in market price have no
impact on the revaluation reserve or the income statement for
these positions.

The impact of an interest rate shock on the economic value of
the Group's banking book is simulated monthly in compliance with
regulatory requirements. In accordance with the EU Banking Direc-
tive, the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority and the
European Central Bank have prescribed two scenarios of uniform,
sudden and unexpected changes in interest rates (4/-200 basis
points) to be used by all banks, which have to report on the results
of this stress test every quarter. In the scenario 200 basis points,
the yield curve is floored at 0 (negative sections of the yield curve
are left unchanged).

As a result of the scenario +200 basis points, a potential econo-
mic loss of €2,523m as at 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020:
€2,776m potential economic loss) was determined, and in the
scenario —200 basis points a potential economic profit of €746m
(31 December 2020: €343m potential economic profit). Commerz-
bank does not, therefore, need to be classified as a bank with
elevated interest rate risk, as the decline in net present value
represents less than 20% of its regulatory capital.

The interest rate sensitivity of the overall banking book
(excluding pension funds) amounted to €7.3m as at 31 December
2021 (31 December 2020: €9.0m) per basis point of falling interest
rates due to position changes in Group Treasury.

At the end of 2021 the first major milestone in the Interest Rate
Benchmark Reform was reached. The publication of EONIA and of
the LIBOR rates in UK pounds (GBP), Japanese yen (JPY) and Swiss
francs (CHF) was discontinued; the US dollar (USD) LIBOR for
1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month maturities can still be
used for existing business until mid-2023. For new business, the
procedural and technical prerequisites for using the new alternative
reference interest rates have been put in place. With a few
exceptions, the underlying LIBOR contracts have been adjusted in
line with the new market conventions. The Strategic Initiative IBOR
(Interbank Offered Rates) Transition launched to implement the
benchmark reform was completed as planned in December 2021.
The Bank has set up a smaller project to complete the pending
tasks, in particular preparations for replacing the remaining USD
LIBORs as at June 2023.

129


--- Page 64 ---

130 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Further information on the benchmark reform can be found in
Note 1 to the Group financial statements (Initially applicable, revi-
sed and new standards).

Pension fund risk is also part of market risk in the banking
book. Our pension fund portfolio comprises a well-diversified
investment section and a section comprising insurance-related
liabilities. The duration of the liabilities is extremely long (cash
outflows modelled over almost 90 years), and the main portion of
the overall portfolio’s present value risk is in maturities of 15 years
and over. The main risk drivers are long-term euro interest rates,
credit spreads and expected euro inflation due to anticipated
pension dynamics. Equity, volatility and foreign exchange risk also
need to be taken into consideration. Diversification effects be-
tween individual risks reduce the overall risk. The extremely long
maturities of these liabilities represent the greatest challenge,
particularly for hedging credit spread risk. This is because there is
insufficient liquidity in the market for corresponding hedging
products.

Liquidity risk

We define liquidity risk in the narrower sense as the risk that
Commerzbank will be unable to meet its payment obligations on a
day-to-day basis. In a broader sense, liquidity risk describes the
risk that future payments cannot be funded for the full amount, in
the required currency or at standard market conditions, as and
when they are due.

Market liquidity risk

Market liquidity risk is the risk of the Bank not being able to
liquidate or hedge risky positions in a timely manner, to the
desired extent and on acceptable terms as a result of insufficient
liquidity in the market.

Market liquidity risk is taken into account in Commerzbank’s
risk-bearing capacity concept by scaling the value at risk to one
year, i.e. the implicitly recognised liquidation period. Additional
valuation adjustments for market liquidity risk are also reflected in
the calculation of the risk coverage capital.

Strategy an

The Board of Managing Directors adopts the business strategy and
the Bank’s risk tolerance, which is associated with it. Liquidity risk
tolerance is then operationalised by defining the liquidity reserve
period and the limit framework. In order to ensure an appropriate
liquidity risk management process, the Board of Managing
Directors delegates certain competences and responsibilities in
connection with the Group-wide liquidity risk strategy to the Risk
and Treasury functions.

The Group Asset Liability Committee (ALCO) is responsible for
limiting, analysing and monitoring liquidity risk and for strategic
liquidity positioning. The Group ALCO is supported by various
sub-committees in this.


--- Page 65 ---

our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Risk management

Commerzbank uses a wide range of tools to manage and monitor
liquidity risks on the basis of its own liquidity risk model. The
stress scenario within the Bank that underlies the model and is
relevant for management purposes allows for the impact of both a

bank-specific stress event and a broader market crisis. Binding
regulatory requirements are an integral component of the
management mechanism.

Group Treasury is responsible for the Group’s liquidity
management operations. Group Treasury is represented in all major
locations of the Group in Germany and abroad and has reporting
lines into all subsidiaries. Commerzbank manages its global
liquidity centrally using cash pooling. This approach ensures that
liquidity resources are used efficiently and that this occurs across
all time zones, as Group Treasury units are located in Frankfurt,
London, New York and Singapore. Additional information on this
subject can be found in the “Funding and liquidity of the
Commerzbank Group” section of the Group management report.
Liquidity risk is monitored on the basis of the Bank’s own liquidity
risk model by the independent risk function.

The Bank has established early warning indicators for the
purpose of managing liquidity risk. These ensure that appropriate
steps can be taken in good time to secure long-term financial
solidity.

Risk concentrations can lead to increased outflows of liquidity,
particularly in a stress situation, and thus to increased liquidity
risk. They can, for example, occur with regard to maturities, large
individual creditors or currencies. By means of ongoing monitor-
ing and reporting, emerging risk concentrations in funding can be
recognised in a timely manner and mitigated through suitable
measures.

This also applies to payment obligations in foreign currencies.
The Bank also mitigates concentration by continuously using its
access to broadly diversified sources of funding, in particular
diverse customer deposits and capital market instruments.

Commerzbank also ensures that it monitors foreign exchange
risks and fulfils the currency matching requirements for highly
liquid assets and net liquidity outflows.

In the event of a market-driven and/or idiosyncratic liquidity
crisis, the liquidity contingency plan provides for certain measures

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements

130 Liquidity risk
33 Operational risk
35. Other risks

which, depending on the nature of the crisis, can be initiated
either through Treasury's extended authority to act or through the
recovery process of the recovery plan. The liquidity contingency
plan is an independent part of emergency planning and upstream
of the recovery plan. Both the liquidity contingency plan and the
recovery plan at Commerzbank are updated at least once a year;
the individual liquidity emergency measures are checked regularly
during the year for plausibility. The liquidity contingency plan also
defines a clear allocation of responsibilities for the processes to be
followed in emergency situations and gives details of any action
that may need to be taken.

Liquidity risk model

A key component of liquidity risk management is the daily calcu-
lation of the liquidity gap profile. The liquidity gap profile shows
the deterministic or stochastic inflows and outflows expected in the
future on a given reporting date and across all portfolios. This
forms the basis for calculating liquidity requirements or excess
liquidity per maturity band. This also includes modelling the
proportion of customer deposits that will be permanently available,
known as the core deposit base.

The liquidity gap profile is also used to set the issuance strategy
of the Commerzbank Group, which is operationalised by the Group
Treasury division. The Group Finance division is responsible for
calculating and allocating liquidity costs on the basis of the liquidity
gap profile, which are then incorporated in the management of the
segments’ business activities.

Based on the liquidity gap profile, management mechanisms
such as recovery and early warning indicators are limited and
monitored accordingly. The liquidity gap profile is limited in all
maturity bands. The Group limits are broken down into individual
Group units and currencies. The internal liquidity risk model is
complemented by the regular analysis of additional adverse,
reverse and historical stress scenarios.

Additional information on the current developments caused by
the coronavirus pandemic can be found in the “Funding and
liquidity of the Commerzbank Group” section of the management
report in the Annual Report 2021.

131


--- Page 66 ---

132 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Quantification and stress testing

Commerzbank uses a wide range of tools to manage and monitor
liquidity risks on the basis of its own liquidity risk model. In addi-
tion to internal economic considerations, liquidity risk modelling
also factors in the binding regulatory requirements under the
Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR) and
Requirements for Risk Management (MaRisk). Commerzbank
incorporates this within its liquidity risk framework, thereby
quantifying the liquidity risk appetite established by the Board of
Managing Directors.

The stress scenarios within the Bank that underlie the model

the Minimum

and are relevant for management purposes allow for the impact of
both a bank-specific stress event and a broader market crisis. The
Commerzbank-specific idiosyncratic scenario simulates a stress
situa-tion arising from a rating downgrade of two notches,
whereas the market-wide scenario is derived from experience of
and simulates an external market-wide shock.

the subprime crisi
The main liquidity risk drivers of both scenarios are a markedly
increased outflow of short-term customer deposits, above-average
drawdown of credit lines, prolongations of lending business
regarded as commercially necessary, the need to provide addition-
nal collateral for secured transactions and the application of higher
risk discounts to the liquidation values of assets.

As a complement to the individual scenarios, the Bank also
simulates the impact on the liquidity gap profile (net liquidity posi-
tion) of a scenario that combines idiosyncratic and market-specific
effects. The liquidity gap profile is shown for the whole of the
modelling horizon across the full spectrum of maturities and
follows a multi-level concept. This allows for a nuanced presenta-
tion — deterministic and modelled cash flows in existing business
on the one hand and the inclusion of prolongations on the other.

The table below shows the liquidity gap profile values after
application of the respective stress scenarios for periods of one
and three months as at the end of the year. Significantly more
liquidity flows out in a combined scenario compared with the
individual scenarios. As at the end of 2021, in the one-month and
three-month periods, the combined stress scenario leaves net
liquidity of €12.8bn and €14.7bn respectively.

Net liquidity in the
stress scenario | €bn

po 31.12.2020

- - 1 month 20.8 21.1
Idiosyncratic scenario
3 months 24.1 16.8
; 1 month 24.1 23.3
Market-wide scenario
3 months 26.0 16.9
1 month 12.8 14.7
Combined scenario
3 months 14.7 8.4

Liquidity reserves

Significant factors in the liquidity risk appetite include the reserve
period, the size of the liquidity reserve portfolio held to
compensate for unexpected short-term liquidity outflows, and the
limits in the various maturity bands. As the liquidity reserve
portfolio consists of highly liquid assets, it functions as a buffer in
ions. The liquidity reserve portfolio is funded in line
with the liquidity risk appetite to ensure that it is kept at the
required size throughout the entire reserve period stipulated by
the Board of Managing Directors.

As at the end of 2021, the Bank had highly liquid assets of
€60.0bn. This liquidity reserve is funded in line with the liquidity
risk appetite to ensure that it is kept at the required size
throughout the entire reserve period stipulated by the Board of
Managing Directors.

Part of this liquidity reserve is held in a separate stress liquidity

stress situe

reserve portfolio managed by Group Treasury to cover liquidity
outflows should a stress event occur and to ensure solvency at all
times. The amount of the stress liquidity reserve portfolio is
checked and, if necessary, adjusted as part of the daily liquidity
risk calculation.

The Bank also holds an intraday liquidity reserve portfolio. As
at the reporting date, the total value of this portfolio was €6.1bn
(31 December 2020: €6.1bn).

The liquidity reserves comprising highly liquid assets are made

up of the following three components:
py 31.12.2020

Liquidity reserves from highly
liquid assets | €bn

Highly liquid assets 60.0 94.8
of which level 1 56.3 85.6
of which level 2A 3.4 8.6

of which level 2B 0.3 0.6



--- Page 67 ---

our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Liquidity ratios

Throughout the 2021 financial year, Commerzbank’s internal
liquiddity ratios, including the regulatory liquidity coverage ratio
(LCR), were above the limits set at least annually by the Board of
Managing Directors. The same is true of compliance with the
survival period calculation set down by MaRisk.

The LCR is calculated as the ratio of liquid assets to net liquidity
outflows under stressed conditions. It is used to measure whether a
bank has a large enough liquidity buffer to independently withstand

Operational risk

Based on the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR), Commerz-
bank defines operational risk (OpRisk) as the risk of loss resulting
from the inadequacy or failure of internal processes, people and
systems or from external events. This definition includes, among
other things, legal risk, human resources risk, IT risk, outsourcing
risk or tax risk, as well as product risk, conduct risk and environ-
mental risk in the area of social governance (ESG). In this
definition the focus is not on strategic or reputational risk. In view
of their increased economic significance, compliance risk and
cyber risk are managed as separate risk types. However, losses
from compliance risks and cyber risks are still incorporated into
the model for determining the economic capital required for
operational risks.

Strategy and organisation

Within Commerzbank, OpRisk and governance issues of the
Internal Control System (ICS) are closely connected in terms of
both organisational structure and methodology and are con-
tinuously being enhanced. This is because many OpRisk cases are
closely linked with failures in the control mechanisms. A properly
functioning ICS thereby helps to reduce or avoid losses from
operational risks and thus to low-er the amount of economic capital

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements

03. Executiv
04 Risk-or
2 Defaul

Mai
0 Liquidity risk

133 Operational risk
35. Other risks

any potential imbalance between inflows and outflows of liquidity
under stressed conditions over a period of 30 calendar days.

In 2021, Commerzbank significantly exceeded the minimum
ratio of 100% stipulated for that year on every reporting date. As
at the end of 2021, the average month-end value of the LCR over
the last 12 months was 145.1% (as at the end of 2020: 135.7%).

The Bank has established corresponding limits and early
warning indicators to ensure the LCR minimum requirements are
met. Additional information on the LCR can be found in the
“Funding and liquidity of the Commerzbank Group” section of the
Group management report.

required to cover operational risks in the medium to long term.
Conversely, the operational risk management systems enable the
ICS to adapt itself consistently to them. The further development of
the ICS structure is an essential aspect of the proactive reduction or
prevention of operational risks where possible.

Chaired by the CRO, the Group OpRisk Committee meets at least
four times a year and deals with the management of operational
risks within the Commerzbank Group. It also acts as the escalation
and decision-making committee for key OpRisk topics that span all
areas. The Management Boards and/or the Segment Committees
with responsibility for operational risk deal with the management of
operational risk in the relevant units. They analyse OpRisk issues
that affect them, such as loss events, and define subsequent
measures or recommend action.

Commerzbank’s OpRisk strategy is approved on an annual basis
by the Board of Managing Directors after it has been discussed and
voted upon in the Group OpRisk Committee. The OpRisk strategy
describes the risk profile, key elements of the desired risk culture,
its management framework and measures to be taken by Commerz-
bank to manage operational risk.

OpRisk management is based on three consecutive levels (three
lines of defence) which, when taken together, are crucial for reach-
ing the given strategic aims.

133


--- Page 68 ---

134 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Commerzbank takes an active approach to managing operational
risk, aiming to systematically identify OpRisk profiles and risk
concentrations and to define, prioritise and implement risk
mitigation measures.

Operational ri

ks are characterised by asymmetric distribution
of losses. This means that most of the losses are relatively small,
while isolated losses with a very low probability of occurrence
have the potential to be large and devastating. This makes it
necessary, where possible, not only to limit high loss potential but
also to proactively manage losses that can be expected to occur:
frequently.

To do this, Commerzbank has set up a multi-stage system that
brings together the defined limits on economic capital (risk
capacity) and those set for operative risk management during the
year (risk ap-petite/tolerance), complemented by rules on the
transparent and conscious acceptance and approval of individual
risks (risk acceptance).

OpRisk management includes an annual evaluation of the
Bank’s ICS key controls and a risk scenario assessment. Further-
more, OpRisk loss events are subjected to ongoing analysis and to
ICS backtesting on an event-driven basis if relevant. Lessons
learned activities are carried out after all material loss events.

Since the fourth quarter of 2021 Commerzbank has measured
regulatory capital using the standardised approach (SA), while
economic capital for operational risks continues to be measured
using a dedicated internal model. Risk-weighted assets for opera-
tional risks on this basis came to €19.8bn at the end of the fourth
quarter of 2021 (31 December 2020: €18.3bn). This rise was
mainly due to the switch from the advanced measurement
approach (AMA) to the standardised approach. The economically
required capital was €1.5bn. The internal model used for this
corresponds to the AMA previously in use. A comparison with the
prior year (31 December 2020: €1.5bn) shows a stable trend.

The following table gives an overview of risk-weighted assets
(RWA) and the economically required capital (ErC) by segment:

€bn RWA Erc RWA Erc
Private and Small-

Business Customers 10.3 0.8 6.1 0.5
Corporate Clients 49 0.3 7.4 0.6
Others and

Consolidation 4.6 0.4 48 0.4

Group 19.8 15 18.3 1.5

The total charge for OpRisk events as at the end of the fourth
quarter of 2021 was approximately €1,136m (full-year 2020:
€345m). The events mainly related to losses in the “Products and
business practices” category. These primarily include the pro-
vision of mBank for legal risks related to Swiss franc loan
agreements, which is a key driver of the increase compared to the
previous year. In addition, process-related risks materialised in the
context of projects.

Realised losses from operational risks due to the coronavirus
only include cost items. The Bank has still not incurred any damage
due to a disruption of its core banking processes. In accordance
with regulatory requirements, the recognition of these recurring
cost items was discontinued in 2021. They are part of a “new
normal”, which was taken into account in the multi-year plan.

_- 31.12.2021 31.12.2020

OpRisk events'] €m

Internal fraud -1 1
External fraud 35 9
Damage and IT failure 2 29
Products and business practices 738 277
Process related 352 29
HR related 9 0
Group 1,136 345

* Losses incurred and provisions, less OpRisk-based income and repayments.

A structured, centralised and decentralised reporting system ensu-
res that the management of the Bank and its segments, members of
the OpRisk Committee and the supervisory bodies are informed
regularly, promptly and fully about operational risk. OpRisk reports
are produced quarterly. They contain changes in OpRisk losses, the
segments’ main loss events, current risk analyses, changes in the
capital requirement and the status of measures implemented.
Operational risks are also part of the regular risk reporting process
to the Board of Managing Directors and to the Supervisory Board’s
Risk Committee.


--- Page 69 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Re

Other risks

To meet the requirements of the Basel framework, MaRisk
requires an integrated approach to risk that also includes
unquantifiable risk categories. At Commerzbank, these are
subjected to a qualitative management and control process. The
following risk types except compliance risk, model risk and cyber

risk are outside the responsibility of the CRO.

Legal risk

According to the CRR, legal risk falls within the definition of
operational risk. It primarily arises for the Commerzbank Group
when the Bank’s claims cannot be enforced for legal reasons or
when claims can be made against the Bank because the under-
lying law was not observed or has changed since a transaction was
concluded.

The operation of banking and financial services transactions
that are subject to regulatory provisions may also result in legal
sued

risk. This risk may also take the form of orders or sanction:
or imposed by one or more authorities whose supervision
Commerzbank is subject to anywhere in the world. Legal risk also
arises in realised losses or pro’
court cases brought against Commerzbank (passive proceedings).
Cases brought by Commerzbank (active proceedings) generally
represent a credit risk rather than an operational risk, so the risk
of loss is already taken into account through write-downs.
However, the costs of legal action (court and lawyers’ costs) for
active proceedings are classified as legal risk.

ions due to or in connection with

Organisation

Within Commerzbank, the functional management of legal risk
throughout the Group is the responsibility of Group Legal. All legal
staff at the various Group Legal locations including the foreign
branches as well as the legal staff of the legal departments of the
domestic and foreign subsidiaries are as legal risk managers
operationally responsible for the identification and management of
the Group-wide legal risk within Commerzbank.

Risk management

The task of the Group’s legal risk managers is to detect legal risks
and all losses potentially resulting from them at an early stage, to
highlight possible solutions that might avoid or minimise such
losses, and to play an active part in reaching decisions concerning
legal risks. They must ensure that they are always up to date with
all legal changes or new findings within their area of responsibility
and inform the business units affected about the impact on legal
risk and any action that needs to be taken as a result.

Risk Report Financial Statements Fur

03 Executiv
04 Ris!
Defaul

The legal risk managers are responsible for arranging or
adjusting legal provisions and look after and monitor new and
ongoing court proceedings.

In the case of passive proceedings, provisions are recognised
on the basis of the risk assessment carried out by the responsible
legal risk manager. The expected risk of loss for proceedings
generally corresponds to the size of the provi:
recognised. To estimate the expected loss, the amount that the
Bank would reasonably have to pay to settle the dispute at the
current point in time is calculated after each significant stage in
the proceedings. In the case of active proceedings, provisions are

ions to be

usually only recognised for the expected court and lawyers’ costs.

Group Legal provides information about all major court
proceedings and risk trends in a quarterly litigation report. This
report is sent to the Bank’s management and Supervisory Board,
the supervisory authority and the OpRisk Committee.

Current developments

Commerzbank and its subsidiaries are involved in a variety of court
and arbitration cases, claims and official investigations (legal pro-
ceedings) in connection with a broad range of issues. They include,
for example, allegations of defective advice, disputes in connection
with credit finance or payment transactions, entitlements to
occupational pensions, allegedly false accounting and incorrect
financial statements, enforcement of claims due to tax issues, alle-
gedly incorrect prospectuses in connection with underwriting
transactions, alleged violations of competition laws, and cases
brought by shareholders and other investors as well as investiga-
tions by supervisory authorities. In addition, changes to rulings by
supreme courts, which may render them more restrictive, as well as
to legal conditions, e.g. in the private customer business, may
result in more claims being brought against Commerzbank or its
subsidiaries. In these court cases, claimants are mostly asking for
the payment of compensation, claims on account of unjust
enrichment or the reversal of agreements already entered into. If
the courts were to find in favour of one or more of the claimants in
these cases, Commerzbank could be liable to pay compensation,
which could in some cases be substantial, or could incur the
expense of reversing agreements or of other cost-intensive mea-
sures. Regulatory authorities and governmental institutions in
various countries in which Commerzbank and its subsidiaries are or
have been active have for some years been
irregularities in connection with the fixing of foreign exchange
rates and with foreign exchange business in general. In the course
of these investigations, regulatory authorities and governmental
institutions have also sought checks on Commerzbank or have
approached the company with requests for information. Commerz-
bank has cooperated fully with these bodies and also looked into

investigating

the relevant matters on the basis of its own comprehensive

135


--- Page 70 ---

136 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

investigations. The cases are no longer active with the exception of
one case in which the investigating authority transferred the matter:
to the national competition tribunal. Financial consequences cannot
be ruled out.

The public prosecutor's office in Frankfurt is investigating
equity transactions conducted by Commerzbank and the former
Dresdner Bank around the dividend record date (cum-ex trans-
actions). Commerzbank had already initiated a forensic analysis of
cum-ex transactions at the end of 2015, which was concluded at
the start of 2018 in respect of Commerzbank’s equity transactions
and in September 2019 in respect of the equity transactions of the
former Dresdner Bank. All back taxes demanded by the tax autho-
rities have been paid.

The public prosecutor's office in Cologne has been conducting
investigations at Commerzbank since September 2019 in connec-
tion with a separate case concerning cum-ex transactions. It is
investigating on suspicion that the Bank (including Dresdner Bank)
was involved in cum-ex transactions in various roles, including by
supplying shares to third parties who were allegedly acting as short
sellers. According to the current understanding, these proceedings
do not involve Commerzbank’s own tax credit claims with regard to
capital gains tax and the solidarity surcharge on dividends.

The Bank is cooperating fully with authorities conducting
investigations into cum-ex transactions. It is currently not possible
to predict whether this will give rise to a burden or the amount
thereof.

Based on the circular on cum/cum transactions published by
the Federal Ministry of Finance (BMF) in 2017, the tax auditors
commented on the treatment of these transactions in the form of
audit notes. The tax office reduced the credit for capital gains
taxes accordingly. In response, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
made value adjustments to tax credits shown in the balance sheet
and set up additional provisions for possible repayment claims in
order to reflect the changed risk situation fully and appropriately.
The BMF published a revised version of its circular on cum/cum.
transactions on 9 July 2021. In view of the potential impact of the
BMF circular, the provision was adjusted in the second quarter of
2021. Based on current knowledge, adequate provisions are now
in place for the tax risks arising from this issue. The possibility of
further charges over and above the provisions recognised by the
Bank cannot be completely ruled out.

With respect to cum-cum securities lending transactions,
Commerzbank is exposed to compensation claims from third
parties for crediting entitlements that have been denied. Based on

the analyses performed, Commerzbank considers it rather unlikely
that such claims could be enforced. However, it cannot be ruled
out. Under these circumstances, Commerzbank estimates the
potential financial impact in the upper double-digit million range,
plus interest on arrears. The possibility that this conclusion could
alter as developments unfold, for example in connection with
assessments made by the tax authorities and fiscal/civil courts,
cannot be completely ruled out.

In May 2017, a Polish court admitted a class action lawsuit
against a subsidiary of Commerzbank alleging the ineffectiveness
of index clauses in loan agreements denominated in Swiss francs. A.
total of 1,731 plaintiffs have joined the class action. The court of
appeal partially overturned and referred back the judgement of the
court of first instance, which dismissed the class action in its
entirety; the court of first instance has meanwhile dismissed the
claim, legal remedies are still possible.

Independently of this, numerous borrowers have also filed
individual lawsuits for the same reasons. In addition to the class
action, 13,036 other individual proceedings were pending as at
31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: 6,870). The subsidiary is
defending itself against all of the claims. In some cases, the
subsidiary has filed counterclaims for compensation for the
provision of capital.

The case law of the Polish courts on loans with indexation
clauses has so far been inconsistent overall. As at 31 December
2021, there were 473 final rulings in individual proceedings against
the subsidiary, of which 82 were decided in favour of the subsidiary
and 391 were decided against the subsidiary. A total of 227 proceed-
ings before courts of second instance have been suspended because
of legal issues that are being considered by the Polish Supreme
Court and the European Court of Justice (ECJ).

In a non-public session on 7 May 2021, the Polish Supreme
Court (via a panel of seven judges) ruled on referral questions from
an ombudsman of the Polish banking regulator relating to the
nature of the parties’ mutual claims and to limitation. In the Bank’s
view, the judgement does not change the current risk assessment.

The session of the Civil Chamber of the Polish Supreme Court
examining loan agreements in Swiss francs with index clauses was
held on 2 September 2021. The questions referred by the President
of the Supreme Court were not answered; instead, questions on the
legality of the process for appointing new judges were referred to
the ECJ. The further course of the proceedings and the outcome
remain to be seen.


--- Page 71 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

On 29 April 2021, the European Court of Justice (ECJ) delivered
a judgement (C-19/20) on five questions referred for a preliminary
ruling by a Polish court in proceedings against another bank. In the
Bank’s view, the judgement does not change the current risk
assessment. Other preliminary ruling proceedings on loans with
indexation clauses are pending before the European Court of
Justice, two of which concern proceedings against the subsidiary.
Decisions are not expected until the second half of 2022.

In December 2020, a proposal by the local supervisory authority
to convert foreign currency loans into local currency loans was
announced.

In December 2021, the subsidiary made settlement offers to a
representative group of 1,278 customers with active contracts. The
maximum hypothetical cost would be €645.5m if all customers with
active loans accepted the offer. The subsidiary will evaluate the
results of the pilot project and analyse further options for action.

Against the background of the inconsistent case law to date, the
small number of rulings in the last instance and outstanding
decisions in principle from the Supreme Court and the ECJ, the
amount of the provision on the balance sheet for this set of issues is
highly discretionary. Until 31 December 2020, legal risks in
connection with Swiss franc loan agreements with indexation
clauses were accounted for in their entirety in accordance with IAS
37. Swiss franc loans that have not been fully repaid are now
primarily shown in accordance with IFRS 9. The accounting policy
was not adjusted for loans that have already been fully repaid and
legal costs; these are still accounted for in accordance with IAS 37.
In the case of loans that have not yet been fully repaid, the legal
risks are taken into account in the gross carrying amounts of the
receivables directly when estimating the cash flows. Recognition in
accordance with IFRS 9 is standard market practice in the sub-
sidiary’s domestic market and thus increases comparability with the

financial statements of other market participants and comparability
for the Polish regulator. Applying IFRS 9 rather than IAS 37 there-
fore provides more relevant information. The measurement method
used to estimate the impact on the cash flows expected to arise
from the loans remained largely unchanged compared with the
previous measurement method.

As at 31 December 2021, the portfolio of loans denominated in
Swiss francs that have not been fully repaid had a carrying amount
of 9.1bn Polish zloty; the portfolio that had already been repaid
amounted to 7.3bn Polish zloty when it was disbursed. Overall, the
Group recognised a provision of €899m for the risks arising from
the matter, including potential settlement payments and the class
action lawsuit. The provision for individual lawsuits amounted to
€312.9m in the previous year. In addition, costs for active claims
totalling €18.7m were recorded in the financial year.

Management Report

nancial Statements Further Info:

Risk Report f
03 E re
04 Risk
2 Default
7 Ma
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

The methodology used to calculate the provision and remea-
surement effect is based on parameters that are varied, discre-
tionary and in some cases associated with considerable uncertainty.
Key parameters are the estimated total number of plaintiffs, the
probability of losing a lawsuit in the last instance, the amount of the
loss and the development of the exchange rate. Fluctuations in the
parameters and the interdependencies between them may mean
that the amount of the provision has to be adjusted significantly in
the future.

Another component in determining the provision is the expec-
tation regarding the development of the settlement discussions. As
at the reporting date, the subsidiary had accounted for risks in
connection with future settlement payments in the amount of
€219.7m. This amount corresponds to 34% of the maximum cost
of the settlements based on the calculation method used in the pilot
project. To determine the provision for the settlement programme,
the subsidiary assumes that the maximum acceptance rate will not
exceed 34% of active contracts. If the acceptance rate changes by
+/-1 percentage point and all other relevant assumptions remain
unchanged, the provision for the settlement programme would
change by +/-€6.5m.

As at the reporting date, the subsidiary estimated the risk of
defeat on the basis of expert assessments, which are supported by
legal opinions on future case law trends.

Assuming otherwise unchanged parameters, the following
sensitivities result for the main parameters underlying the recog-
nition of provisions or remeasurement effects for the individual
lawsuits:

e The number of future claimants increases by 1% of borrowers:
change of €+15m.

e The probability of a ruling by the court of last instance that is
unfavourable to the subsidiary changes by +/-1 percentage
point: change of €+/-12m.

e The weighted
+/-1 percentage point: change of €+/-8m.

assumed average loss changes by

In April 2021, the German Federal Court of Justice ruled on the
mechanism for changes to banks’ general terms and conditions
(AGB Banken) in a case against another bank and declared the
relevant clauses of the general terms and conditions to be void.
This mechanism stipulated that the customer's consent to certain
changes in the contract was given after a certain period of time if
the customer had not objected. The Bank has examined the impact
of this case law on its business units and products, as the charges

introduced or increased for consumers as a result of the

137


--- Page 72 ---

138 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

mechanism for changes to banks’ general terms and conditions
may be void. The Bank has set up a central unit to deal with the
issues arising from the judgement on a consolidated basis. As a
result, clear and understandable information for affected customers
was ensured and a customer interface was created for the
reimbursement of unjustly charged fees. The necessary new
agreement of the general terms and conditions in existing customer
business is also being coordinated. The Bank has created a
provision for customer claims.

Some of these cases could also have an impact on the reputation
of Commerzbank and its subsidiaries. The Group recognises
provisions for such proceedings if liabilities are likely to result from.
them and the amounts to which the Group is likely to be liable can
be determined with sufficient accuracy. Since there are consider-
able uncertainties as to how such proceedings will develop, the
possibility cannot be ruled out that some of the provisions recog-
nised for them may prove to be inadequate once the courts’ final
rulings are known. As a result, substantial additional expense may
be incurred. This is also true in the case of legal proceedings for
which the Group did not consider it necessary to recognise
provisions. The eventual outcome of some legal proceedings might
have an impact on Commerzbank’s results and cash flow in a given
reporting period; in the worst case, it cannot be fully ruled out that
the liabilities which might result from them may also have a
significant impact on Commerzbank’s earnings performance, assets
and financial position.

Further information on legal proceedings may be found in Note
58 regarding provisions and Note 60 regarding contingent liabi-
lities and lending commitments in the Group financial statements.

Compliance risk

Compliance risk falls within the definition of operational risk
according to the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR).
Commerzbank ac-knowledges and understands the existence of
inherent compliance risk in its areas of business, which are subject
to the risk of abuse in general and in particular by financial crime.
Compliance risk includes the risks associated with money
laundering, terrorist financing, sanctions and embargoes, markets
compliance, fraud, bribery and corruption.

In order to actively promote a compliance culture in the Bank,
the Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank has laid down
and communicated corresponding values in the Code of Conduct.

Organisation

Group Compliance is led by the division head of Group Com-
pliance, who reports directly to the Board of Managing Directors.
Pursuant to Art. 87 (5) of the German Securities Trading Act
(WpHG) and BT 1.1 MaComp (minimum requirements of the
compliance function), the division head of Group Compliance is
both the Group’s Compliance Officer and, under Art. 25 h (7) of
the German Banking Act (KWG) and Arts 7 and 9 of the German
Anti-Money Laundering Act (GwG), the Anti-Money Laundering
Officer; this person is super-vised as such by the Federal Financial
Supervisory Authority (BaFin).

Group Compliance is responsible for:

A. The four types/areas of compliance risk:

1) anti money laundering/combating terrorism financing

2) sanctions and embargoes

3) combating fraud, bribery and corruption

4) markets compliance

as well as

B. Further responsibilities:

° coordination of the requirements under MaRisk section
4.4.2 (“MaRisk compliance function”),

e independent implementation of internal special investiga-

tions with compliance relevance.

The responsibilities based on the obligations under the QI
(Qualified Intermediary), FATCA (Foreign Account Tax Compliance
Act) and CRS (Common Reporting Standard) regimes as well as in
relation to the prevention of the aiding and abetting of tax evasion
(ATEF, Anti-Tax Evasion Facilitation) were bundled within the
Group Tax function in October 2020 and have therefore no longer
been part of the other tasks of Group Compliance since that date
within Germany. The corresponding role of the QI and FATCA
Responsible Officer will also be transferred to Group Tax in 2022.
In the foreign locations, the roles and responsibilities with regard
to ATEF-related tasks under the overall responsibility of Group Tax
remain unaffected by this structural change and will continue to
be carried out there by the local Group Compliance function.

Risk management

To prevent compliance risks, Commerzbank has implemented
security systems and controls for its transactions, customers, pro-
ducts and processes. These procedures for ensuring compliance
with material legal provisions and requirements are referred to in
their entirety as a compliance management system. Commerz-
bank’s compliance management system is based on inter-national
market standards and the regulatory requirements in the various
countries which are relevant for Commerzbank’s business activities.
Commerzbank is constantly developing its compliance manage-
ment system in order to meet its responsibilities and address the
growing complexity and increasing regulatory requirements. Under
the three lines of defence principle, protecting against undesirable


--- Page 73 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Re

compliance risks is an activity that is not restricted to the compli-
ance function (Group Compliance). Instead, the organisational con-
trol and monitoring elements are aligned in three sequential levels.
The units in the first line of defence (1st LoD) assume responsibility
as part of their operational activities for identifying and managing
risks and for complying with their own business rules; they are also
responsible for setting up process-oriented control mechanisms.
Group Compliance, the second line of defence (2nd LoD), sets
standards for appropriate risk management, oversees the appro-
priateness and effectiveness of the procedures and controls in the
first line of defence, and assesses and communicates any deficien-
cies found. In addition, Group Compliance carries out analyses
and assessments of compliance risks and ensures that the risk
management framework is implemented. Internal Audit, the third
line of defence (3rd LoD), uses regular and independent audits to
check that compliance in both the 1st LoD and 2nd LoD is
appropriate and effective.

Compliance risks are managed in a control circuit with inter-
acting elements. Commerzbank constantly monitors relevant
regulatory requirements and ensures the definition and/or adjust-
ment of corresponding internal standards intended to make sure it
complies with the requirements. Regular internal training mea-
sures and consulting services from the compliance function
support the effective implementation of these standards in the
Group. Implementation encompasses setting up and carrying out
suitable processes and controls in daily work, assuring their
quality and testing their effectiveness in the 1st and 2nd LoD.
Compliance risks are monitored and are the subject of regular
internal reporting. Where necessary, matters are escalated
according to their urgency and severity.

The compliance sub-risk strategy, as part of the overall risk
strategy of Commerzbank, sets the risk strategy framework for
dealing with compliance risks and contains a detailed description
of compliance risk management in addition to strategic and
organisational elements. In particular, the risk appetite per compli-
ance risk type is specified and the strategic fields of action are
defined.

The risk analysis (compliance risk analysis) is one of the core
elements of risk management. It assesses the inherent risk arising
from doing business with different customer groups and products
and compares this in the Control Assessment with an evaluation of
the corresponding control environment for mitigating the inherent
risk. A residual risk is determined as the outcome. The Bank
defines measures to further enhance risk management (e.g. intro-

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Inforrr

03 Executiv
04 Ris!
Defaul

ducing additional controls) as necessary and tracks implement-
tation closely.

Current developments

In recent years, Commerzbank has worked through the majority of
the findings from the settlements with various US authorities
regarding violations of US sanctions and anti-money laundering
provisions. The US monitor submitted its final report dated
15 October 2018, thus concluding its on-site investigations. In
accordance with the terms of the engagement letter between the
Bank and the monitor, the monitorship ended on 24 June 2019.
The Bank has made good progress in carrying out the agreed
implementation programmes and has executed most of the
measures. Commerzbank continues to provide quarterly reports to
the DFS (Department of Financial Services) on the progress of
implementation plans.

In line with the requirements of the UK Financial Services and
Markets Act 2000 (FSMA), in 2017 Commerzbank London man-
dated a consulting company as a “skilled person”. The consulting
company carried out a review of existing structures and processes
(especially with regard to money laundering/financing of terrorism
as well as sanctions/embargoes) and prepared a report for the UK
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). Commerzbank London subse-
quently launched a comprehensive remediation project, the imple-
mentation of which was evaluated by the “skilled person”, with
half-yearly reports sent to the FCA. In May 2021 the FCA officially
declared the skilled person programme to be completed.

Reputational risk

Reputational risk is the risk that stakeholders may lose confidence
in Commerzbank or that its reputation may be damaged as a result
Commerzbank’s

of negative events in its business activities.
stakeholder groups include in particular the public and the media,
non-governmental organisations and its customers. In the present-
day competitive environment, a company’s reputation is becoming
more and more important. The main factor determining this is how
companies handle sustainability considerations (environmental,
ethical or social risks) in the market segments’ customer business
(intrinsic reputational risks). Companies are judged not only on the
basis of people’s personal experiences of them, but also on reports
reaching the public, especially through the media. Reputational risk
therefore goes hand in hand with communication risk.

139


--- Page 74 ---

140 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Strategy and organisation

All employees and managers have a fundamental duty to protect
and reinforce Commerzbank’s good reputation as a significant
element of its enterprise value. The segments and _ significant
subsidiaries bear direct responsibility for reputational risk resulting
from their particular business activity. The Reputational Risk
Management department is part of the central Group Communi-
cations division of the Commerzbank Group and focuses on
intrinsic reputational risk that may directly lead to reputational
damage among stakeholder groups. The department maintains
close links with the relevant front office units. Management of
intrinsic reputational risk is the responsibility of the Chairman of
the Board of Managing Directors. It is a component of Commerz-
bank’s overall risk strategy. Reputational Risk Management's tasks
include identifying, evaluating and addressing intrinsic reputational
risk in systematic processes at an early stage and suggesting or
implementing appropriate measures (early warning function).

Risk management

Managing intrinsic reputational risk means identifying and reacting
to potential environmental, social and ethical risks at an early stage,
thereby reducing any potential communication risk or even
preventing it completely. Intrinsic reputational risk is managed by
means of a qualitative approach. As part of a structured process,
transactions, products and customer relationships in connection
with sensitive areas are assessed with reference to environmental,
social and ethical risks on a qualitative five-point scale. This
assessment can contain conditions and in some cases a negative
verdict, which could lead to a rejection.

The sensitive areas regularly and comprehensively analysed in
Reputational Risk Management include armaments exports and
trans-actions, products and customer relationships relating to
power generation and commodities extraction. Commerzbank's
attitude towards these areas is laid down in positions and
guidelines that are binding for all employees. Commerzbank’s
Reputational Risk Management department regularly observes and
analyses new environmental, ethical and social issues and informs
the relevant parts of the Bank about these. The reputational risks
identified and addressed by the department are incorporated into
the quarterly reputational risk report — part 1: non-quantifiable
risks; part 2: high and major intrinsic reputational risks (sustain-
ability issues) - which is prepared for the Board of Managing
Directors and the Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board.

Environmental, social and governance
(ESG) risks

The integration of non-financial aspects into the Bank’s risk
management processes is hugely important for sustainable
finance. In particular, these include risks resulting from climate
change. We do not see climate-related risks as a separate, “new”
type of risk, but as a cross-sectional driver (what is known as a
horizontal risk) that can materialise in the known types of risk —
especially in credit risk. The new course steered by companies and
society towards acting sustainably gives rise to transition risks.
Physical risks will increase if the shift to a climate-preserving
future is not made quickly and rigorously enough. Physical risks
include, for example, rising sea levels and flooding for the real
estate sector, along with crop failures in agriculture because of
heatwaves, or low water levels in rivers, with implications for the
transport and chemical industries. Companies encounter transition
risks, for example, as a result of changes in energy policy, changes
in market demand or technological changes.

We have examined the possible future impact of physical and
transition risks on the loan portfolio as part of scenario analyses.
To this end, we tested our portfolio in various scientific climate
scenarios of the International Energy Agency (IEA, 1.8°C scenario
for transition risks) and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change (IPCC, 3-4°C scenario for physical risks). In the future, we
will also use the scenarios of the Network for Greening the
Financial System (NGFS).

The analyses were carried out using a specific model that
holistically translates the relevant parameters of a scenario into
eco-nomic effects (changes in balance sheet ratios). With regard to
transition risks, changes in regulation, price changes, changes in
supply and demand and the effects of technological changes are
considered, among other things; in the case of physical risks, the
effects of all relevant events (storm/hurricane, drought, heat, flood,
sea level rise) are taken into account. Periods up to at least 2050
were considered.

Transition risks are industry-specific, with sometimes signifi-
cant differences in the sub-sectors within an industry (e.g. mecha-
nical engineering). There is also a connection between the degree
of adaptation of a company, i.e. its progress in the transition, and
the risk. In the case of physical risks, the regional/ geographical
distribution of the portfolio is relevant, too.


--- Page 75 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Re

As a major financier of the German economy, we are also active
in sectors that are particularly exposed to climate-related risks.
However, we have little exposure to some of the hardest-hit sectors
(agriculture, for example). Climate-risk-sensitive sectors with signi-
ficant exposure include the energy sector, the automotive sector
and mechanical engineering. Owing to the geographical focus of
our portfolio in Germany and Europe, we are less affected by physi-
cal risks associated with some events (e.g. hurricanes, sea level
rise) than other regions. As a result, we consider the transition risks
to be more relevant to our portfolio.

In order to proactively manage the effects of climate-related
risks in the lending business, we are systematically optimising our
risk management processes and methods. Lending decisions for
corporate and institutional customers therefore take into account
not only an individual risk assessment but also — where relevant —
climate-related risk affectedness and resilience. In this, we are
progressively combining the specific findings from the scenario
analyses with the individual risk analysis at customer level. We take
a portfolio-specific approach and thus take appropriate account of
the differences in terms of affectedness and the risk drivers. In the
particularly relevant portfolios (large companies, special financing
and commercial real estate finance), we have supplemented the
qualitative risk analysis in the individual loan decisions with
specific aspects for the analysis of climate-related risks. In the
future, the results of the analyses will be aggregated in a structured
evaluation (“score”), which will be integrated into the decision-
making process and can also be used in the context of portfolio
analysis and management. In our target state, we want to integrate
climate-related risks - as far as possible — into the quantitative
credit risk analysis and thus fully reflect them across the process
chain (including pricing, reporting).

Sustainability risks also play a major role in Commerz Real's
asset management, for example when examining the potential
effects of physical risks and evaluating new regulations. For this
reason, Commerz Real introduced the first stage of a risk
management tool in 2021, which is used to assess the real estate
portfolio with regard to physical and transition risks. Scenario
analyses are also a central component of the analysis when
purchasing real estate, and are used to estimate the point in time
of “stranding” with regard to different climate scenarios. The
results feed into the risk assessment and the sustainability
assessment of the real estate transaction and are taken into
account accordingly in the management phase. In taking this
approach, Commerz Real is following the recommendations of the
TCFD for the management of climate-related risks through
scenario analyses. The basis of climate risk management is collect-

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Inforrr

03 Executiv
04 Ris!
Defaul

ing all consumption and emissions data in a way that is as reliable
as possible. To this end, Commerz Real started implementing an
integrated sustainability data management system in 2021 and
also uses external partners to collect data on a global level.

Furthermore, in 2021 we carried out a comprehensive, cross-
risk-type materiality analysis for climate-related and environmental
risks for the first time. The risk type owners examined all types
within the risk inventory that are regarded as fundamentally
material for the Commerzbank Group and assessed the materiality
of transition risks and physical risks for the respective risk type.
Depending on the risk type, the assessment was made on a
qualitative and/or quantitative basis. As a result of the analysis, the
influence of climate-related and environmental risks for the risk
types credit risk, market risk, operational risk (including compli-
ance and cyber risk), reputational risk and business risk was
assessed as material. The findings of the materiality analysis feed
into the creation of the business strategy, the overall risk strategy
and the sub-risk strategies as well as into other core elements of
the Bank’s internal process to ensure an adequate capital position
(Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process — ICAAP), such as
the internal stress test framework and the risk-bearing capacity
concept. The materiality analysis for climate-related and environ-
mental risks is therefore an integral part of the Commerzbank
Group’s risk governance.

IT risk

IT risk is a form of operational risk. In our internal definition, we
define IT risk as risks to the security of information processed in
our systems in terms of meeting the four IT security objectives set
out below:

Confidentiality: Information is confidential if it is not accessible
to, or capable of being reconstructed by, unauthorised persons,
business processes or IT systems.

Integrity: Information possesses integrity if it has not been
modified or destroyed by any unauthorised means. An information-
processing system (IT system) possesses integrity if it can perform
its intended functions without hindrance and free of unauthorised
manipulations, whether deliberate or accidental.

Traceability: Actions and technologies applied to information
are traceable if they themselves and their source can be traced back
without any ambiguity.

: Information is available if it is always capable of
being used to a predefined extent by authorised persons, business
processes and IT systems when it is required.

141


--- Page 76 ---

142 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Commerzbank attaches great importance to the protection and
security of its own information, of that entrusted to it by
customers, and of the business processes and systems used to
process it. They form a permanent core element in our digital
strategy. The processing of information is based increasingly on
information technologies. As such, our IT security requirements
are at the heart of information security management. IT security
requirements are based on the IT security objectives referred to
above and are set down in policies and procedural instructions.

IT risks are identified, evaluated and regularly reviewed as part
of IT governance processes. IT risk is covered in the quarterly IT
risk report. Information security is also established as a principal
objective for our Internal Control System. In the context of the
coronavirus pandemic, consideration of the four IT security
objectives for home office technologies became a more central
focus. For this purpose, the outsourced services were considered
in particular.

Relevant IT risks are also evaluated as part of operational risk
management through risk scenarios and considered in the Bank’s
RWA calculation. This includes the risk of a breakdown of critical
IT, the risk of external attack on the Bank’s systems or data and,
since 2021, the risks of modern cloud sourcing (cyber crime,
advanced persistent threat (APT)! and cloud scenarios), the theft
of corporate data or the default of service providers and vendors.
See also the description of cyber risk.

Given the major importance of IT security to Commerzbank, it
is further developed and improved on an ongoing basis by means
of strategic initiatives. We have taken into account the significance
of the “human” factor in IT security and cyber security by intro-
ducing additional training and awareness-raising measures.

Cyber risk

Cyber risk comprises risks with direct relevance to security and
risks that lead to relevance to security (with respect to cyber
space). The part of cyber space of relevance to Commerzbank is all
connected IT environments within the Bank and those outside the
Bank that lead to customers, business partners and service
providers. Cyber risk is therefore concerned with the digital repre-
sentation of the Bank's assets (data, information) within cyber
space.

1 An advanced persistent threat is a special form of cyber attack. The intention of an
APT attack is to remain undetected for as long as possible in order to procure sensitive
information (internet espionage) or cause other types of damage over a longer period

The strategic guidelines from the overall risk strategy and the
cyber and information security strategy apply without limitation to
cyber risk.

In recent years, there have been a number of serious security
incidents — not involving Commerzbank — in the financial sector,
leading many of the world’s key regulators and standard setters,
such as the DFS500 (Department of Financial Services, Section
500, Cyber-security Requirements for Financial Services Com-
panies), NIST (National Institute of Standards and Technology) in
the USA and MAS (Monetary Authority of Singapore) in Singapore,
to place increasing emphasis on cyber security and publish
additional requirements for the management of cyber risks. Within
Europe and Germany, the EBA and BaFin are also focusing
intensively on this topic.

Commerzbank manages cyber and information security risks via
the Group division “Group Risk Management - Cyber Risk&
Information Security” (GRM-CRIS), which reports to the Group Chief
Information Security Officer (CISO). In addition to established
security functions such as the Information Security Management
System (ISMS) as well as risk reporting on key risk indicators, GRM-
CRIS focuses on managing cyber risk appropriately and on streng-
thening Commerzbank’s cyber-resilience (including its information
security incident management capabilities). It also addresses the
interaction between cyber and information security risks and other
types of risk relating to areas such as human resources, procure-
ment, business continuity management and physical security.

There are currently no concrete attack patterns or other ano-
malies specifically related to the coronavirus pandemic to which
our institution, other financial service providers or financial market
infrastructures are exposed. In addition, we are not currently aware
of any additional methods used for attacking our employees or an
expansion of our attack surface due to the increased remote use of
Bank resources, e.g. in connection with split operations or working
from home.

However, there are a range of attack vectors that try to engage
in criminal activity by capitalising on public fears. This approach is
known in the media as fearware and refers specifically to the most
common form of its implementation, namely a combination of
malware and social engineering powered by the fear of the person
being targeted.


--- Page 77 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Re

In addition to the above-mentioned fearware activities, the
increasing spread of ransomware in cyber crime has to be
emphasised, even if Commerzbank has not been affected by this so
far. Ransomware is a special type of malware that blocks access to
or encrypts data on IT devices and then requires the victim to pay a
ransom for its recovery. The significant damage potential of such
attacks is illustrated by a number of recent incidents in which
supply chains were disrupted. By closely interlinking the 1st and
2nd line of defence (LoD) activities in the field of cyber threat
analysis, including corresponding safeguards and incident manage-
ment processes, the Bank will continue to be adequately protected
against ransomware attacks.

With regard to our customers, we are paying even more
attention than usual to transactional anomalies, especially in the
context of coronavirus-related fraud.

In December 2021, a security vulnerability was discovered in
certain versions of the widely used Java logging library Log4j. This
allows attackers to run malicious code on vulnerable systems.
Commerzbank did not experience any production disruptions or
any exploitation of the Log4j vulnerability at any time.

The task force, which was set up immediately after the vulner-
ability became known, continues to monitor the situation in order
to be able to react promptly to any new attack patterns or new
developments.

Human resources risk

Human resources risk falls within the definition of operational risk
referred to in the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR). The
internal, management-oriented interpretation of this definition at
Commerzbank includes the following elements in human resources
risk:

Adjustment risk: Adjustment risk results when organisational
and operational circumstances change (for example, restructuring,
changes in management culture, qualification needs), these
changes impact employees’ scope of responsibilities and therefore
require a greater willingness to change on the part of the staff. We
offer selected internal and external training, continuing education
and change programmes to ensure that the qualification levels of
our employees keep pace with the current requirements, guidance
is provided for structural changes and our employees can fulfil
their duties and responsibilities.

Motivation risk: Motivation risk arises when demotivating
factors are not eliminated and employees do not adequately

perceive motivating factors such as management or remuneration.
The effects (such as withheld performance by employees) can have

Risk Report Financial Statements Fur

03 Executiv
04 Ris!
Defaul

a direct impact on the working environment and the organisation’s
productivity. Employee surveys enable us to respond as quickly as
possible to potential changes in our employees’ level of corporate
loyalty and to initiate adequate measures.

Departure risk: Departure
consequences of undesired employee departures (for example, if an
employee resigns voluntarily), particularly when high performers
are involved. We take great care to ensure that the absence or
departure of employees does not result in long-term disruptions to
our operations. We also monitor staff turnover on a regular basis
from both a quantitative and a qualitative perspective.

Supply Supply risk reflects the consequences of
insufficient staffing (for example, inadequate development of young
staff) and the resulting consequences (operating bottlenecks,
increased workload, lower productivity and illness). Appropriate
quantitative and qualitative staffing aims to ensure that internal
operating requirements, business activities and Commerzbank’s

risk takes into account the

risk:

strategy can be implemented.

Employees are a key resource for Commerzbank. Human resour-
ces risk is systematically managed by Group Human Resources with
the aim of identifying, assessing and managing risks, for instance by
applying selected personnel tools. The Board of Managing Directors
is regularly informed about human resources risk.

Overall, the Bank will continue to monitor human resources risk.
There is a risk that the human resources risk situation will
deteriorate as a result of frequent structural changes due to a
change in Group strategy. Change and organisational measures
have already been initiated to counter human resources risk.

Business strategy risk

Business strategy risk is the medium- to long-term risk of negative
influences on the achievement of Commerzbank’s strategic goals,
for example as a result of changes in the market or competitive
environment, capital market requirements, regulatory/political fac-
tors or the inadequate implementation of the Group strategy (pri-
mary risk drivers).

Group strategy is developed further in a process that takes both
external and internal factors into account. On the basis of these
factors, the Board of Managing Directors sets out a sustainable
business strategy describing the major business activities and steps
required to meet the targets. To ensure proper implementation of
the Group strategy to achieve the business targets, strategic
controls are carried out through regular monitoring of quantitative
and qualitative targets in the Group and the segments.

143


--- Page 78 ---

144 Commerzbank Annual Report 2021

Responsibility for strategic corporate management lies with the
Board of Managing Directors. Specific business policy decisions
(acquisition and sale of equity holdings > €300m) also require the
authorisation of the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee. In
addition, all major initiatives and projects are decided by the
Board of Managing Directors.

Model risk

Model risk is the risk of incorrect management decisions based on
an inaccurate depiction of reality by the models used. With regard
to the causes of model risk we distinguish between model risk
from exceeding model boundaries and model risk from model
errors (manual errors in model development/implementation). In
line with the focus of the Group risk strategy, namely to ensure
that the Bank has adequate capital and liquidity, the models for
assessing risk-bearing capacity (capital requirements under the
Basel framework and economic capital requirements, respectively)
and liquidity resources are central for risk management.

Disclaimer

Commerzbank’s internal risk measurement methods and models
which form the basis for the calculation of the figures shown in
this report are state-of-the-art and based on banking sector
practice. The risk models produce results appropriate to the
management of the Bank. The measurement approaches are
regularly reviewed by Risk Controlling and Internal Audit as well
as by German and European supervisory authorities. Despite being
carefully developed and regularly checked, models cannot cover

The basic principles of model risk management are the iden-
tification and avoidance of model risks and appropriate considera-
tion of known model risks (e.g. through conservative calibration or
consideration of margins of conservatism or model reserves).
Model risks that are unknown and hence cannot be mitigated are
accepted as an inherent risk in the complexity of the Commerz-
bank business model. In respect of the governance of model risk
management, requirements relating to model validation and model
changes are established.

The ongoing coronavirus pandemic, with its considerable eco-
nomic and social impact as well as the mitigating support provided
by the governments, poses challenges for the risk models used.
Commerzbank has introduced a series of measures to counter the
increased model risk and to ensure appropriate management even
in the current phase.

The management of model risks is currently being further
strengthened. This concerns both aspects of governance and the
scope of monitoring and validation activities. In addition, strate-
gically relevant models are currently being revised fundamentally
(various credit risk models). In this context, high standards in
model development and initial validation play a major role.

all the influencing factors that have an impact in reality or
illustrate their complex behaviour and interactions. These limits to
risk modelling apply in particular in extreme _ situations.
Supplementary stress tests and scenario analyses can only show
examples of the risks to which a portfolio may be exposed in
extreme market situations; stress-testing all imaginable scenarios
is not feasible. They cannot definitively estimate the maximum

loss should an extreme event occur.
