

--- Page 1 ---

o

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

About ABB

ABB is a technology leader in electrification and automation, enabling a more sustainable and resource-
efficient future. The company’s solutions connect engineering know-how and software to optimize
how things are manufactured, moved, powered and operated. Building on more than 130 years of
excellence, ABB’s approximately 105,000 employees are committed to driving innovations that
accelerate industrial transformation.

Organizational structure

We operate in over 100 countries across three regions: Europe, the Americas, and Asia, Middle East and
Africa, and generate revenues in numerous currencies. We are headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland and
we govern our company through our four Business Areas: Electrification, Motion, Process Automation,
and Robotics & Discrete Automation. For a breakdown of our consolidated revenues (i) by Business
Area, (ii) by geographic region, and (iii) by product type, see “Analysis of results of operations—
Revenues” and “Note 23 - Operating segment and geographic data” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements. Until June 30, 2020, we also operated the Power Grids business, which is reported as
discontinued operations in the Consolidated Financial Statements (see “Discontinued operations”
section below). On July 1, 2020, we completed the divestment of 80.1 percent of the Power Grids
business to Hitachi Ltd (Hitachi). We retained a 19.9 percent ownership interest through our
investment in Hitachi Energy Ltd, (Hitachi Energy) which beneficially owns or controls all the
subsidiaries of the Power Grids business until December 2022, when we sold the remaining investment
in Hitachi Energy to Hitachi.

Our principal corporate offices are located at Affolternstrasse 44, CH 8050 Zurich, Switzerland,
telephone number +41 43 317 7111. Our agent for U.S. federal securities law purposes is ABB Holdings
Inc., located at 305 Gregson Drive, Cary, North Carolina 27511. Our internet address is www.abb.com or
global.abb. The information contained on or accessible from our Web site is not incorporated into this
annual report, and you should not consider it to be a part of this annual report. The United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) maintains a website at www.sec.gov which contains in
electronic form each of the reports and other information that we have filed electronically with the SEC.

Employees

A breakdown of our employees by geographic region is as follows:

December 31, 2022 2021 2020
Europe 49,700 50,000 49,200
The Americas 26,400 25,600 27,600
Asia, Middle East and Africa 29,000 28,800 28,800

Total 105,100 104,400 105,600

The proportion of our employees that are represented by labor unions or are subject to collective
bargaining agreements varies based on the labor practices of each country in which we operate.


--- Page 2 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

History of the ABB Group

The ABB Group was formed in 1988 through a merger between Asea AB and BBC Brown Boveri AG.
Initially founded in 1883, Asea AB was a major participant in the introduction of electricity into Swedish
homes and businesses and in the development of Sweden’s railway network. In the 1940s and 1950s,
Asea AB expanded into the power, mining and steel industries. Brown Boveri and Cie. (later renamed
BBC Brown Boveri AG) was formed in Switzerland in 1891 and initially specialized in power generation
and turbines. In the early to mid-1900s, it expanded its operations throughout Europe and broadened
its business operations to include a wide range of electrical engineering activities.

In January 1988, Asea AB and BBC Brown Boveri AG each contributed almost all of their businesses to
the newly formed ABB Asea Brown Boveri Ltd, of which they each owned 50 percent. In 1996, Asea AB
was renamed ABB AB and BBC Brown Boveri AG was renamed ABB AG. In February 1999, the ABB Group
announced a group reconfiguration designed to establish a single parent holding company and a single
class of shares. ABB Ltd was incorporated on March 5, 1999, under the laws of Switzerland. In June
1999, ABB Ltd became the holding company for the entire ABB Group. This was accomplished by having
ABB Ltd issue shares to the shareholders of ABB AG and ABB AB, the two companies that formerly
owned the ABB Group. The ABB Ltd shares were exchanged for the shares of those two companies,
which, as a result of the share exchange and certain related transactions, became wholly-owned
subsidiaries of ABB Ltd.

As described above, on July 1, 2020, we divested 80.1 percent of our ownership in the Power Grids
business to Hitachi, and in December 2022, Hitachi purchased the remaining 19.9 percent of Hitachi
Energy.

ABB Ltd shares are currently listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the NASDAQ OMX Stockholm Exchange
and the New York Stock Exchange (in the form of American Depositary Shares).

ABB today

As a global technology leader in electrification and automation enabling sustainability and resource
efficiency, our offering is relevant for the global transition towards low-carbon energy, increased
energy efficiency, and the transition to more adaptive manufacturing and automation, putting us right
in the center of long-term secular trends.

The ABB Purpose

ABB's purpose is to enable a more sustainable and resource-efficient future with our technology
leadership in electrification and automation.

Our core competencies

Our leadership in resource efficiency is based on our core competencies, each of which constitutes a
barrier to entry: decades-long domain expertise, cutting-edge technology and innovation as well as the
ability to scale operations and distribution.

With its long history, ABB not only invented or pioneered many power and automation technologies but
has retained technology and market leadership in many of these areas. Being present in various vertical
markets for decades with close long-term relationships with customers and channel partners has
resulted in our unique deep domain expertise, enabling a thorough understanding of customers’ needs
and operations.

We continuously evolve our offering to remain a relevant and trusted partner to our customers. Our
annual non-order related research and development spending in 2022 amounted to approximately

4 percent of revenues. We focus our research and development expenditures on key areas of innovation
and have spent approximately $7.8 billion since the beginning of 2016, focusing on developing best-in-
class products and services in the fields of electrification and automation with the goal of helping our
customers to create resource-efficient value.


--- Page 3 ---

8 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

All our four Business Areas are market leaders in their respective areas being in either the number 1 or 2
position. Our global reach along with our extensive local presence assists us in scaling innovations to
achieve stronger returns, which supports higher absolute investments for future growth. Active
globally, our revenues are well-balanced across regions with customers served directly and through a
strong channel partner network.

The ABB Way

The ABB Way is the glue that unites our Group and comprises a select number of common processes
covering our business model, our people and culture, the ABB brand and our governance framework. It
facilitates accountability, transparency and speed in ABB.

In our operating model, the Divisions represent the highest level of operating decisions. They are
closest to their respective markets and customer needs. Each Division progresses through the
strategic mandates and priorities of stability and profitability before growth. In order to deploy full
focus on organic and acquired growth to the extent of consolidating the market, the business’
structure should be robust and profitability should be at least in line with industry peers.

Each Division has full accountability for its results and carries the responsibility for business
development, and research and development for leading technology to secure a number 1 or 2 market
position. During 2022, we completed the implementation of the decentralized way of working at ABB
within all our Divisions. Our focus area in 2023 will be to increasingly shift our focus to profitable
growth, and further increase the number of our Divisions with this mandate. Strong performance
management is key in a decentralized business model. We apply a monthly scorecard system for the
Divisions and Business Areas, based on a standardized set of Key Performance Indicators, to support
full transparency of operational performance. It is accompanied by a mandatory target to make annual
productivity improvements of at least 3 percent each year.

The corporate functions focus on necessary strategic, financial and governance activities, with a lean
headcount of approximately 900 employees.

Enhanced growth profile

Over the past several years, we have taken significant organic and inorganic actions to align our
business portfolio to more attractive growth markets, increasing our focus on discrete industries, as
well as transport and infrastructure, that offer better growth opportunities. Additionally, we have
increased the proportion of sales stemming from short-cycle businesses, meaning a reduced
proportion from project-related activities, which we believe should reduce the risk and volatility in our
earnings. This ongoing shift towards better quality of revenues is now an integral part of governance
and business execution.

The responsibility for growth has been fully transferred to the Divisions, as they are closest to
customers. This includes both organic and acquired growth. The Divisions have the best insights into
current and future customer needs and are accountable for building their respective business
accordingly. With more Divisions transitioning over time from stability and profitability to growth, we
expect to see a gradual strengthening of our growth profile.

Finally, environmental, social and governance (ESG) drivers are accelerating and translating into
increased demand for our electrification and automation offering. The demand for electricity is
growing twice as fast as other energy sources, resulting in approximately 50 percent higher average
annual investments into distribution networks over the next 10 years (source: IEA World Energy Outlook
2021, Announced Pledges Scenario). The share of low-carbon sources in the global energy mix is
expected to increase to 50 percent by 2050 from only 20 percent today (source: IEA World Energy
Outlook 2021, Announced Pledges Scenario). The need to improve energy efficiency has never been
more relevant, from both the perspective of sustainable operations and reducing operating costs ina
high energy cost environment. Today approximately 45 percent of the world’s electricity is converted
into motion by electric motors yet only approximately 20 percent of the world’s electric motors are
optimized through the control of drives. Lastly, the global number of working age people (25 to

64 years) per retiree (65 years or over) is expected to fall by about 20 percent over the next 10 years
(source: United Nations World Population Prospects 2019), supporting demand for robotics and
automation solutions. We believe ABB’s offering is well positioned to address these trends.



--- Page 4 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Businesses

Our markets

ABB is a technology leader in electrification and automation with a comprehensive and increasingly
digitalized offering of electrification, motion and automation solutions. Our exposure to customers is
geographically balanced while catering to multiple end-markets and segments. We believe our
customer offering is well positioned to benefit from secular growth drivers, including urbanization,
labor shortage, shift to electrification, automation and robotization, as well as other data and
digitalization trends.

We are focused on creating superior customer value through our comprehensive, modular offering,
combining traditional products and services with software-enabled products and systems as well as
digital services and software that we sell both separately and combined as scalable solutions. Our
advanced software is a key differentiation of our digital offering and about 60 percent of our
approximately 7,500 employees in research and development are active in software development.

The majority of our businesses are market leaders within their respective segments. We believe market
leadership is critical, as it provides the opportunity for price leadership, which in turn supports
profitability, enabling us to invest further in research and development to sustain our technological
leadership. For a discussion of the geographic distribution of our total revenues, see “Analysis of
results of operations—Revenues.”

Industry market

Approximately half of our revenues are derived from customers within the industrial segment where we
serve production facilities and factories all around the world, from process industries such as oil and
gas, pulp and paper as well as mining, to discrete industries including automotive, food and beverage
and consumer electronics. Demand for our electrification and automation offerings with embedded
digital solutions increased as the energy crisis and tight labor markets served as a prominent reminder
to companies of the importance of energy efficiency and flexibility in automated production. This has
accelerated customer demand for the digital services and solutions we offer.

In discrete industries, demand from end-markets such as food and beverage, machine builders and
general industry grew strongly in 2022 as did the automotive segment due to broadly accelerating
investments in the EV segment. As supply chain constraints eased in the latter part of 2022, we sawa
normalization of customers’ order patterns following a period of pre-buying due to extended delivery
lead times.

Later-cycle process industries improved across nearly all customer segments. We saw an increase in
gas-related demand during the second half of the year. Early signs of headwind were noted in energy
intensive industries such as metals as a result of higher energy prices.

Transport & infrastructure market

Approximately one-third of our customers operate in the transport & infrastructure market. Our
expertise provides efficient, reliable and sustainable solutions for these customers, with a focus on
energy efficiency and reduced operating costs.

In transport & infrastructure, there was a very strong order development across data centers and the
e-mobility business. The buildings segment improved in both the residential and non-residential
segments, although softness in residential building in China was noted, as well as general weakness in
residential-related demand towards the second half of the year. In the marine segment there were
positive developments for the cruise ship sector as well as general marine and ports demand.

Utilities market
We deliver solutions mainly for distribution utilities and renewables customers, while continuing to
service conventional power generation customers with our control and automation solutions.

During 2022, the renewables markets continued to see strong growth. Business levels in the
conventional power generation market remained stable. Demand from electrical distribution utilities
remained strong, with ongoing investments to increase grid reliability and resilience due to increased
integration of renewables.


--- Page 5 ---

10 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

We serve industry, transport & infrastructure and utilities through our operating Divisions which are
included in our Business Areas. Developments in these Business Areas are discussed in more detail
below. Revenue figures presented in this Businesses section are before intersegment eliminations.

Electrification Business Area

Overview

Electrification provides leading electrical distribution and management technologies, solutions and
services to electrify the world in a safe, smart and sustainable way. The portfolio includes medium- and
low-voltage electrical components, switchgear, digital devices, enclosures, breakers, power conversion
products and charging solutions for electric vehicles, among others. With our products, solutions and
services, we collaborate with customers to improve power delivery and security, enhance energy
management, efficiency and operational reliability, as we seek to achieve a low carbon society.

The Electrification Business Area delivers products through a global network of channel partners and
end customers. Approximately half of the Business Area’s revenue is derived from distributors and
approximately a quarter is derived from direct sales to end-users. The remaining revenues are
generated from original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), engineering, procurement, construction
(EPC) contracting companies, system integrators, utilities and panel builders. The proportion of direct
compared to channel partner sales varies by segment, product technology and geographic markets.

The Electrification Business Area had approximately 52,300 employees as of December 31, 2022, and
generated $14.1 billion of revenues in 2022.

Customers

The Electrification Business Area serves a wide range of customer segments, including residential,
commercial and industrial buildings, utilities, oil and gas, chemicals, data centers, e-mobility,
renewables, food and beverage, transport and infrastructure, among others. From some of the world’s
tallest buildings to the busiest airports, the Business Area’s products and solutions cover a wide range
of applications and business segments.

Products and Services

The Electrification Business Area’s products and services are delivered through seven operating
Divisions.

The Distribution Solutions Division helps utility, industry and transport & infrastructure customers
improve power quality and control, reduce outage time and enhance operational reliability and
efficiency. The Division offers products, solutions and services that largely serve the power distribution
sector, often providing the requisite medium-voltage link between high-voltage transmission systems
and low-voltage users. With ABB Ability™ enabled digital solutions at its core, the offering includes
low-voltage switchgear (up to 1 kilovolt) and medium-voltage equipment (1 to 66 kilovolts), indoor and
outdoor circuit breakers, reclosers, fuses, contactors, relays, instrument transformers, sensors, motor
control centers, as well as a wide range of air- and gas-insulated switchgear. The Division also produces
indoor and outdoor modular systems and other segment-specific solutions to facilitate efficient and
reliable distribution, protection and control of power, adding value through design, engineering and
project management.

The Smart Power Division helps protect, control, and connect people, plants, and systems with a
portfolio of low-voltage products and systems. The product offering includes, molded-case and air-
circuit breakers, safety products including sensors, switches, contactors, relays, and power protection
solutions such as uninterruptible power supply (UPS) solutions, status transfer switches and power
distribution units.


--- Page 6 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

The Smart Buildings Division enables optimization of energy efficiency, safety, security and comfort for
any building type, through new installations or retrofit solutions. The Division offers integrated digital
technologies for HVAC, lighting, shutters, and security, in addition to energy distribution solutions
including DIN rail products, enclosures and emergency lighting through to industrial plugs and sockets
and conventional wiring accessories, accommodating for single family homes, multiple dwellings,
commercial buildings, infrastructure and industrial applications. The Division’s highly innovative
technologies and digital solutions serve rising global demand among real estate developers, owners,
and investors for smart building technologies that optimize energy distribution and building
automation. The scalable solutions aim to deliver significant sustainable and financial benefits,
meeting social and environmental demands, while being able to address even the most complex of
customers’ carbon reduction strategies.

The Installation Products Division helps manage the connection, protection and distribution of
electrical power. The Division’s products are engineered to provide ease of installation and perform in
demanding and harsh conditions, helping to ensure safety and continuous operation for our customers
and people around the world. The Commercial Essentials product segment includes electrical junction
boxes, commercial fittings, strut and cable tray metal framing systems for commercial and residential
construction. The Premier Industrial product segment includes multiple product lines, such as Ty-Rap®
cable ties, T&B Liquidtight Systems® protection products, PVC coated and nylon conduit systems,
power connection and grounding systems, and cable protection systems of conduits and fittings for
harsh and industrial applications. The Division also manufactures solutions for medium-voltage
applications used in utility and industrial applications under its marquee brands including Elastimold™
reclosers and switchgear, capacitor switches, current limiting fuses, the High Tech Valiant™ full-range
current limiting fuse for fire mitigation, faulted current indicators and distribution connectors, cable
accessories and apparatus with products for overhead and underground distribution. Manufacturing
includes made-to-stock and custom-made solutions.

The Power Conversion Division designs, develops and manufactures end-to-end solutions to power and
safeguard life’s everyday moments. The Division supports customers in rapidly changing, disruptive
industries where power reliability, efficiency, and quality matter most, and customers rely on the
Division to solve their most difficult power challenges. Customers include businesses in telecom/5G,
networking, data centers, and industrial applications such as EV charging, robotics, laser, test &
measurement, and utilities. The Division is powering the technology behind today’s connected world,
helping to enable industrial advancement with the realization of 5G and to advance data center power
architectures as the cloud becomes more business-critical than ever before.

The E-mobility Division is contributing to a zero-emission mobility future with smart, reliable and
emission-free electric vehicle charging solutions including market leading charging hardware, ABB
Ability™ enabled digital services and energy and fleet management solutions. ABB E-mobility offers a
leading portfolio of EV charging solutions from smart chargers for the home to high-power chargers
for the highway stations of the future, solutions for the electrification of fleets and opportunity
charging for electric buses and trucks.

The Service Division partners with our customers to address their energy challenges for today and
tomorrow. Our team of world-class engineers collaborate globally across ABB's Electrification portfolio
to service customers in utilities, transportation, infrastructure and industry, assisting to maintain
uninterrupted power supply, maximizing energy efficiency while lowering cost and carbon emissions.
We bring greater reliability, predictability and sustainability to their operations, and through our digital
service portfolio, we drive new levels of optimization, responsiveness and connectivity.

Sales and Marketing

Sales and marketing is generally conducted within the Divisions in Electrification. This enables the
Divisions to manage their respective end-to-end activities and create demand across all channels,
products and solutions. They increase focus and speed for our customers to drive faster growth. Where
necessary, the Divisions work together on joint services, such as the management of accounts,
channels, and segment-sales, engaging in a range of promotional activities, both internal and external.

Competition

The Electrification Business Area’s principal competitors vary by product group and include Chint,
Eaton, Hubbell, Legrand, LS Electric, Panasonic, Schneider Electric, Siemens and Vertiv.

1


--- Page 7 ---

12 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
Capital Expenditures

The Electrification Business Area's capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment totaled
$385 million in 2022, compared to $345 million in 2021. Investments in 2022 were higher than in 2021
driven by capacity expansion for e-mobility products and some investments which were previously
delayed in 2021 and 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Investments in 2022 principally related to real
estate investments, capacity expansion, as well as equipment replacement and upgrades.
Geographically, in 2022, Europe represented 55 percent of the capital expenditures, followed by the
Americas (33 percent) and Asia, Middle East and Africa (12 percent).

Motion Business Area

Overview

The Motion Business Area provides pioneering technology, products, solutions and related services to
industrial customers to increase energy efficiency, improve safety and reliability, and maintain precise
control over processes. The portfolio includes motors, generators and drives for a wide range of
applications in all industrial sectors.

The Motion Business Area designs, manufactures and sells drives, motors, generators and traction
converters. Building on long-standing experience in electric powertrains, the Business Area combines
domain expertise and technology to deliver the optimum solution for a wide range of applications for a
comprehensive range of industrial segments. In addition, the Business Area, along with its channel
partners, has an industry-leading global service presence.

The Motion Business Area had approximately 21,100 employees as of December 31, 2022, and generated
$6.7 billion of revenues in 2022.

Customers

The Motion Business Area serves a wide range of customers in different industrial segments such as
pulp and paper, oil and gas, metals and mining, food and beverage, HVAC, water and wastewater,
transportation, power generation, marine and offshore.

Products and Services

At December 31, 2022, the Motion Business Area’s products and services are delivered through seven
operating Divisions. The Business Area divested its Mechanical Power Transmission Division on
November 1, 2021, which designed, manufactured and sold various mechanical power transmission
products sold under the Dodge® brand.

The Drive Products Division serves the industries and infrastructure segments with world-class drives
and programmable logic controllers (PLC). With its products, global scale and local presence, the
Division helps customers to improve energy efficiency, productivity and safety.

The System Drives Division supplies high-power, high-performance drives, drive systems and packages
for industrial process and large infrastructure applications. The Division offers global support to help
customers, partners and equipment manufacturers with asset reliability, performance improvement
and energy efficiency in mission critical applications.

The Service Division serves customers worldwide and aims to help customers by maximizing uptime,
extending life cycle and enhancing the performance and energy efficiency of their electrical motion
solutions. The Division is leading the way in digitalization by securely connecting motors and drives to
help customers prevent expensive downtime while also optimizing operations profitably, safely and
reliably.

The Traction Division is a recognized leader in traction technologies that drive innovation in rail, bus
and other modes of electric transportation. A comprehensive range of high performance propulsion,
auxiliary and energy storage solutions help improve energy efficiency and contributes to making
transportation more sustainable.

The IEC Low Voltage Motors Division is a global market leader that provides a full range of energy
efficient low voltage motors, including ultra-efficient motors such as synchronous reluctance motors
(SynRM) to help customers reduce power bills and cut emissions. Through a global footprint,
application expertise and with rugged designs, the Division’s products support customers with IEC


--- Page 8 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

low-voltage motor solutions that improve reliability and productivity in the most demanding
applications.

The Large Motors and Generators Division offers a comprehensive product portfolio of large AC
motors and generators. The Division’s robust, reliable and highly efficient offerings power critical
infrastructure and transportation across all major industries and applications often in remote and
demanding locations.

The NEMA Motors Division is a marketer, designer and manufacturer that offers Baldor-Reliance®
industrial electric motors, primarily in North America. The Division focuses on quality, reliability and
efficiency to provide a comprehensive offering of NEMA motors in the market across most industrial
segments and applications.

Sales and Marketing

Sales are made both through direct sales forces and through channel partners, such as distributors and
wholesalers, as well as installers, OEMs and system integrators. The proportion of direct sales to end
users compared to channel partner sales varies among the different industries, products and
geographic markets.

Competition

The principal competitors of the Motion Business Area include Schneider, Siemens, Toshiba, WEG
Industries, SEW EURODRIVE and Danfoss.

Capital Expenditures

Capital expenditures in the Motion Business Area for property, plant and equipment totaled

$150 million in 2022, compared to $230 million in 2021, which included the purchase of a formerly leased
property in China. Principal expenditures in 2022 related to real estate investments, capacity
expansion, equipment replacement and upgrades across various countries including Finland, the
United States, China and India. Geographically, in 2022, Europe represented 60 percent of the capital
expenditures, followed by the Americas (28 percent) and Asia, Middle East and Africa (12 percent).

Process Automation Business Area

Overview

The Process Automation Business Area offers customers in process, hybrid and maritime industries a
broad range of integrated automation, electrical, motion and digital systems, solutions and related
services that are designed to optimize productivity, energy efficiency, sustainability and safety of
industrial processes and operations, based on the Business Area’s deep domain knowledge and
expertise of each end market.

The Business Area’s offering can be grouped into two categories, with approximately half of the
offering related to solutions for new and brownfield projects and half related to service, mainly for
installed own products. In some cases, the Business Area integrates offerings from the Electrification,
Motion and Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Areas into its integrated systems. The Business
Area’s offerings are sold primarily through its direct sales force with a smaller share through partners
and distributors.

The Business Area had approximately 20,100 employees as of December 31, 2022, and generated
revenues of $6.0 billion in 2022.

Customers
The Process Automation Business Area’s end customers include companies across process, hybrid and

maritime industries. These industries include oil, gas, chemicals and plastics, mining and minerals,
metals, pulp and paper, pharmaceuticals, food and beverage, power generation, marine and ports.

13


--- Page 9 ---

14 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
Products and Services

The offering of the Process Automation Business Area includes an extensive portfolio of products,
solutions, digital applications and services for the control of the simplest to the most complex and
critical of processes and infrastructure. These systems can link various process and information flows,
allowing customers to manage and control their entire business process based on real-time
information. The Business Area’s control platform includes ABB Ability™ Distributed Control System
(DCS), System 800xA’, which is also an electrical control system, a safety system and a collaboration
enabler with the capacity to improve engineering efficiency, operator performance and asset
utilization. Other control solutions include Symphony” Plus (designed to address the open automation
platform needs of the Hydropower and Water industry segments) and our Freelance DCS solution.
Components for basic automation solutions, process controllers, |/O modules, panels, and Human
Machine Interfaces (HMI), are available through the Compact Product Suite offering. The product
portfolio is complemented by a suite of ABB Ability™ Advanced Digital Services and by ABB Care, a
subscription-based lifecycle management program that provides services to maintain and continually
advance and enhance ABB’s distributed control systems and optimize customers’ lifecycle costs. The
ABB Ability™ Genix Industrial Analytics and Artificial Intelligence Suite unlocks greater value by
contextualizing and integrating data from IT, engineering, and operations systems to provide deep,
meaningful and actionable insights. The portfolio is complemented by a range of industry-specific
products in each Division.

As of December 31, 2022, the Process Automation Business Area’s products and services are delivered
through four operating Divisions. The Business Area spun off its Turbocharging Division in October
2022, which manufactured and serviced turbochargers for diesel and gas engines for marine- and land-
based power generation.

The Energy Industries Division enables safe, smart, and sustainable projects and operations for
businesses across the oil and gas, chemicals, life sciences, power generation and water sectors. It is
committed to driving more sustainable use of our planet’s resources through innovative solutions that
enable energy efficient and low carbon operations across traditional industries and support the
development of new and renewable energy models. The Division serves the energy market with leading
integrated solutions that automate, digitalize and electrify operations across industries. The Division’s
goal is to help customers adapt and succeed in the rapidly changing global energy transition.
Harnessing data, machine learning and artificial intelligence (Al), the Division brings over 50 years of
domain expertise delivering solutions designed to improve energy, process and production efficiency,
as well as reduce risk, operational cost and capital cost, while minimizing waste for all customers, from
project start-up and throughout the entire plant lifecycle.

The Process Industries Division serves the mining, minerals processing, metals, aluminum, cement,
pulp and paper, battery manufacturing, and food and beverage, as well as their associated service
industries. The Division brings deep industry domain expertise coupled with the ability to integrate
both automation and electrical systems, increase productivity and reduce overall capital and operating
costs for customers. For mining, metals and cement customers, solutions include specialized products
and services, as well as total production systems. The Division designs, plans, engineers, supplies,
erects and commissions integrated electrical and motion systems, including electric equipment, drives,
motors, high power rectifiers and equipment for automation and supervisory control within a variety of
areas including mineral handling, mining operations, aluminum smelting, hot and cold steel
applications and cement production. The offering for the pulp and paper industries includes control
systems, quality control systems, drive systems, on-line sensors, actuators and field instruments.
Digitalization solutions, including collaborative operations and augmented reality, help improve plant
and enterprise productivity, and reduce maintenance and energy costs.

The Marine & Ports Division serves the shipping industry through its extensive portfolio of integrated
marine systems and solutions that improve the flexibility, reliability and energy efficiency of vessels. By
coupling power, propulsion, automation, marine software and services that ensure maximum vessel
uptime, we are well positioned to help improve the profitability and sustainability of our customers’
business throughout the entire lifecycle of a fleet. With ABB Ability™ Marine software solutions and

ABB Ability™ Collaborative Operations Centers around the world, shipowners and operators can run
their fleets at lower fuel and maintenance costs, while improving crew, passenger and cargo safety as
well as overall productivity of their operations. Further, the Division delivers automation, electrical
systems and digital solutions for container and bulk cargo handling, from ship to gate. These solutions
help terminal operators meet the challenge of larger ships, taller cranes and bigger volumes per call,
and make terminal operations safer, greener and more productive.


--- Page 10 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

The portfolio of the Measurement & Analytics Division consists of analyzers (measuring compositions
of gases and liquids), instrumentation (measuring the typical process variables of temperature,
pressure, flow, and level) as well as specialized measurements for specific industries. With this offering
the Division serves virtually all process, hybrid and marine industries, the largest among them being the
oil, gas and chemical value chain, water and power generation industries. The Division also provides
advanced digital solutions to help customers improve productivity, safety and environmental
sustainability.

Sales and Marketing

The Process Automation Business Area’s sales are primarily made through its direct sales force as well
as third-party channel partners, such as distributors, system integrators and OEMs. The majority of
revenues are derived through the Business Area’s own direct sales channels.

Competition

The Process Automation Business Area’s principal competitors vary by industry or product group.
Competitors include: Emerson, Honeywell, Schneider Electric, Siemens, Siemens Energy, Yokogawa,
Endress + Hauser, Kongsberg and Valmet.

Capital Expenditures

The Process Automation Business Area’s capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment
totaled $100 million in 2022, compared to $85 million in 2021. Principal investments in 2022 primarily
related to purchases of land and building, mainly in the Energy Industries Division. Geographically, in
2022, Europe represented 76 percent of the capital expenditures, followed by Asia, Middle East and
Africa (13 percent) and the Americas (11 percent).

Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Area

Overview

The Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Area provides robotics, and machine and factory
automation including products, software, solutions and services. Revenues are generated both from
direct sales to end users as well as from indirect sales mainly through system integrators and machine
builders.

The Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Area had approximately 10,700 employees as of
December 31, 2022, and generated $3.2 billion of revenues in 2022.

Customers

Robotics & Discrete Automation serves a wide range of customers. The main customers are active in
industries such as automotive, machine building, metalworking, electronics, food and beverage and
logistics. They include end-users such as manufacturers, system integrators and machine builders.

Products and Services

The Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Area’s products and services are delivered through two
operating Divisions.

The Robotics Division offers a wide range of products, solutions and services including robots,
autonomous mobile robots, robotics application cells and smart systems, field services, spare parts,
digital services, engineering and operations software. This offering provides customers with increased
productivity, quality, flexibility and simplicity for operations, e.g. to meet the challenge of making
smaller lots of a larger number of specific products in shorter cycles for today’s dynamic global
markets and coping with increasing uncertainty. Robots are also used in activities or environments
which may be hazardous to employee health and safety, such as repetitive or strenuous lifting, dusty,
hot or cold rooms, or painting booths and can help customers address labor shortages. Robotics
solutions are used in a wide range of segments from automotive OEMs, automotive suppliers,
electronics, general industry, consumer goods, food and beverage, and warehouse/logistics center
automation. They are increasingly deployed in service applications for life sciences care, restaurants
and retail. Typical robotic applications include welding, material handling, machine tending, machining,
painting, picking, packing, palletizing and assembly.

15


--- Page 11 ---

16 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

The Machine Automation Division offers integrated automation solutions based on programmable
logical controllers, industrial PCs, servo motion, industrial transport systems and machine vision. It also
provides software for engineering and optimization. The range of solutions are mainly used by machine
builders for various types of series machines, e.g. for plastics, metals, printing and packaging.

Sales and Marketing

Sales are made both through direct sales as well as through third-party channel partners, such as
system integrators and machine builders. The proportion of direct sales compared to channel partner
sales varies among the different industries, product technologies and geographic markets.

Competition

Competitors of the Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Area vary by offering and include
companies such as Fanuc, Kuka, Yaskawa, Epson, Dirr, Staubli, Universal Robots, Rockwell Automation,
Siemens, Mitsubishi Electric and Beckhoff.

Capital Expenditures

The Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Area’s capital expenditures for property, plant and
equipment totaled $86 million in 2022, compared to $96 million in 2021. Principal investments in 2022
were primarily related to a new Robotics factory in Shanghai, China, and selective investments mainly in
production facilities in the Robotics Division in Sweden and in the Machine Automation Division in
Austria. In 2022, Europe represented 66 percent of capital expenditures, followed by Asia, Middle East
and Africa (28 percent) and the Americas (6 percent).

Corporate and Other

Corporate and Other includes core headquarter functions, real estate activities, Corporate Treasury
Operations, Global Business Services (GBS), the investment in Hitachi Energy (until December 2022)
and other minor business activities. Certain strategic investments managed by ABB Technology
Ventures are also included in Corporate. The remaining activities of certain EPC projects which we are
completing and are in a wind-down phase are reported as non-core businesses within Corporate and
Other. In addition, the historical business activities of certain divested businesses are presented in
Corporate and Other. These include the high-voltage cables business, steel structures and certain EPC
contracts relating to the oil and gas industry.

Corporate headquarters and stewardship activities include the operations of our corporate
headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland, as well as limited corporate-related activities in certain countries.
These activities cover staff functions with group-wide responsibilities, such as accounting and financial
reporting, corporate finance and corporate treasury, taxes, financial planning and analysis, internal
audit, legal and integrity, compliance, risk management and insurance, corporate communications,
information systems and investor relations.

GBS operates shared service centers globally through a network of four hubs and consists of both
expert and transactional services in the areas of human resources, finance and information services.
GBS also staffs and maintains front offices in most countries. The costs in GBS are incurred primarily
for the benefit of the Business Areas, which are charged for their use of such services and the related
number of employees are allocated to the Business Areas. GBS also provides services to third parties
under transitional service agreements in relation to certain divested businesses, the largest of which
are Hitachi Energy (the former Power Grids business) and Accelleron (the former Turbocharging
Division).

A significant portion of the costs for GBS and other shared corporate overhead costs are charged to
the operating businesses. Up to the divestment of the Power Grids business on July 1, 2020, overhead
and other management costs, including GBS costs, which would have been allocated or charged to our
Power Grids business, and which were not directly attributable to this business, have not been
allocated to the discontinued operation and are included in Corporate and Other as “stranded costs”.

Corporate and Other had approximately 1,000 employees at December 31, 2022, of which
approximately 100 pertain to our non-core businesses.


--- Page 12 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Discontinued operations

In July 2020, we divested 80.1 percent of our Power Grids business to Hitachi Ltd. As a result, the Power
Grids business is reported as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Financial Statements for all
years presented. See “Note 3 - Discontinued operations” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Power Grids business

The former Power Grids business of ABB delivered products, systems, software and service solutions
across the power value chain for utility, industry and transport & infrastructure customers.

The Power Grids business operated worldwide with a globally diversified manufacturing, engineering,
and research and development footprint. Direct sales accounted for the majority of total revenues
generated by the business while external channel partners such as EPCs, wholesalers, distributors and
OEMs accounted for the rest.

Products and Services

The Grid Automation operation supplied substation automation products, systems and services. It also
provided Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems for transmission and distribution
networks as well as a range of wireless, fiber optic and powerline carrier-based telecommunication
technologies for mission-critical applications and also offered grid-edge and microgrid solutions. Its
enterprise software portfolio provided solutions for managing and optimizing assets, operations,
logistics, financials and HR, reducing operating costs and improving productivity for customers.

The Grid Integration operation was a leading provider of integration and transmission solutions such
as High Voltage Direct Current (HVDC). Another key part of the portfolio was the Flexible Alternating
Current Transmission Systems (FACTS) business, which comprised Static Var Compensation (SVC) and
static compensator (STATCOM) technologies to address stability and power quality issues. The Grid
Integration operation’s portfolio also included a range of high-power semiconductors, a core
technology for power electronics deployed in HVDC, FACTS and rail applications. The Grid Integration
operation also provided transmission and distribution substations and associated lifecycle services.
These substations are used in utility and non-utility applications including rail, data centers and various
industries. Battery energy storage solutions and shore-to-ship power supply were also part of the
customer offering.

The High Voltage products operation was a provider of high voltage switchgear up to 1200 kV AC and
1100 kV DC with a portfolio spanning air-insulated, gas-insulated and hybrid technologies. It also
manufactured generator circuit breakers, a key product for integrating large power plants into the grid.
The portfolio also included a broad range of capacitors and filters that facilitate power quality,
instrument transformers and other substation components.

The Transformers operation supplied transformers that are an integral component found across the
power value chain, enabling the reliable, efficient and safe conversion of voltage levels. The product
range included dry- and liquid-distribution transformers, traction transformers for rail applications and
special application transformers plus related components, for example, insulation kits, bushings and
other transformer accessories.

The Power Grids business also had an extensive portfolio of service offerings across the value chain.
The portfolio included spare parts, condition monitoring and maintenance services, on- and off-site
repairs as well as retrofits and upgrades. Advanced software-based monitoring and advisory services
further enhanced the portfolio.

17


--- Page 13 ---

18 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Capital expenditures

Total capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (excluding
intangibles acquired through business combinations) amounted to $762 million, $820 million and
$694 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2022 and 2021, capital expenditures were 6 percent
and 8 percent lower, respectively, than depreciation and amortization. Excluding acquisition-related
amortization, capital expenditures were 30 percent higher in 2022 and 28 percent higher in 2021,
respectively, than depreciation and amortization.

Capital expenditures in 2022 primarily focused in mature markets, reflecting the geographic
distribution of our existing production facilities. Capital expenditures in Europe and North
America in 2022 were driven primarily by upgrades and maintenance of existing production
facilities, mainly in the U.S., Germany, Italy, Finland, Netherlands, and Switzerland. In Asia,
Middle East and Africa, capital expenditures were made primarily to increase production
capacity by investing in new or expanded facilities, the highest of which were in China and
India. The share of emerging markets capital expenditures as a percentage of total capital
expenditures in 2022 and 2021 was 24 percent and 33 percent, respectively.

At December 31, 2022, construction in progress for property, plant and equipment was $586 million,
mainly in the U.S., Germany, Switzerland, Finland, Austria, China and Sweden, while at December 31,
2021, construction in progress for property, plant and equipment was $522 million, mainly in the U.S.,
Switzerland, Germany, Sweden, Italy, China and India.

Our capital expenditures relate primarily to property, plant and equipment and are funded primarily
through cash flows from operating activities. For 2023, we estimate the expenditures for property,
plant and equipment will be higher than our annual depreciation and amortization charge, excluding
acquisition-related amortization.

Supplies and raw materials

We purchase a variety of supplies and products which contain raw materials for use in our production
and project execution processes. The primary materials used in our products, by weight, are copper,
aluminum, steel, mineral oil and various plastics. We also purchase a wide variety of fabricated
products, electronic components and systems. We operate a worldwide supply chain management
network with employees dedicated to this function in our Business Areas, Divisions and in key
countries. Our supply chain operations consists of a number of teams, each focusing on different
product categories. These category teams are tasked with taking advantage of opportunities to
leverage the scale of ABB on a global, Business Area and/or Division level, as appropriate, to optimize
the efficiency of our supply networks in a sustainable manner.

Our supply chain management organization’s activities and objectives include:

* pool and leverage procurement of materials and services,

* provide transparency of ABB’s global spending through a comprehensive performance and
reporting system linked to our enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems,

* strengthen ABB’s supply chain network by implementing an effective product category
management structure and extensive competency-based training, and

* monitor and develop our supply base to ensure sustainability, both in terms of materials and
processes used.

We buy many categories of products which contain steel, copper, aluminum, crude oil and other
commodities. Continuing global economic growth in many emerging economies, coupled with the
volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, has led to significant fluctuations in these raw material
costs over the last few years. While we expect global commodity prices to remain highly volatile, we
expect to offset some market volatility through the use of long-term contracts and global sourcing.


--- Page 14 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

We seek to mitigate the majority of our exposure to commodity price risk by entering into derivative
contracts. For example, we manage copper, silver and aluminum price risk using principally swap
contracts based on prices for these commodities quoted on leading exchanges. ABB’s hedging policy is
designed to safeguard margins by minimizing price volatility and providing a stable cost base during
order execution. In addition to using derivatives to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in raw materials
prices, in some cases we can reduce this risk by incorporating changes in raw materials prices into the
prices of our end products (through price escalation clauses).

Overall, during 2022, supply chain management personnel in our businesses, and in the countries in
which we operate, along with the category teams, continued to focus on value chain optimization
efforts in all areas, while maintaining and improving quality and delivery performance. Responding to
the challenges of overall global supply chain constraints, each Business Area quickly implemented a
task force to mitigate supply chain shortages. The Business Areas experienced some delays in supplier
deliveries and product shortages for various categories such as semiconductors and other raw
materials as well as constraints in the transportation of inbound supplies. However, we responded to
these challenges and took mitigating actions such as building up buffer stocks, approving new
suppliers, changing supplier splits, combined with daily, weekly and monthly task force project follow
ups. We have, to a large extent, been able to mitigate most disruptions, maintain a competitive service
level and support our business growth, while maintaining delivery schedules to our customers.

Through our Sustainable Supply Base Management (SSBM) approach, we assess ESG risks, compliance
and the performance of our suppliers in these areas to make sure they meet our expectations. These
expectations are detailed in the ABB Supplier Code of Conduct and the ABB Code of Conduct.

We manage our obligations in relation to conflict minerals through our Conflict Minerals policy and
processes that we aim to continually improve and tailor to our value chain. We continue to work with
our suppliers and customers to enable us to comply with the SEC’s rules and disclosure obligations
relating to conflict minerals. Further information on ABB’s Conflict Minerals policy and supplier
requirements can be found under “Material Compliance” at
global.abb/group/en/about/supplying/material-compliance.

Patents and trademarks

While we are not materially dependent on any one of our intellectual properties, as a technology-driven
company, we believe that intellectual property rights are crucial to protect the assets of our business.
We continue to file new patent applications to protect our new inventions. As of December 31, 2022, we
have a portfolio of approximately 25,000 pending patent applications and granted patents, of which
approximately 5,500 are pending applications. This portfolio includes approximately 3,500 utility
models and design rights, of which approximately 200 are pending applications. In 2022, we filed close
to 500 priority patents, utility model and design applications, each covering a unique invention or
unique angle on an invention. Additionally, we filed approximately 1,850 secondary patents, utility
model and design applications, each extending the coverage of a previously filed priority application.

Based on our existing intellectual property strategy, we believe that we have adequate control over our
core technologies. The “ABB” trademarks and logo are protected in all of the countries in which we
operate. We proactively assert our intellectual property rights to safeguard the reputation associated
with the ABB technology and brand. While these intellectual property rights are fundamental to all of
our businesses, there is no dependency of the business on any single patent, utility model or design
application.

19


--- Page 15 ---

20 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Management overview

In 2022, we managed to navigate high customer activity in a complex macroeconomic environment
marked by inflation, a strained value chain, an energy crisis, the war in Ukraine with the related
economic sanctions on Russia as well as the lingering impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. During the
year, we also worked to fully implement the ABB Way operating model within our Divisions. Our new
and more efficient ways of working combined with a strong market situation led to increased
operational results. In the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic, ongoing supply chain, logistics and labor
challenges emerged, but we were able to avoid major business disruptions with our more agile
organization. Our strong price management processes proved effective as we quickly responded to
rising input costs and were able to more than offset the higher costs of inflation through price
increases during the year.

Active portfolio management continues to be part of our performance culture. On the back of
systematic portfolio reviews we ascertain whether, ultimately, ABB is the best owner of the different
businesses. We continued to make strong progress in aligning our business portfolio with our purpose,
and fully focus on the areas of electrification and automation. We completed the spin-off of the
Turbocharging Division in October 2022 and sold the remaining 19.9 percent interest in Hitachi Energy
to Hitachi in December. The net cash received from the sale further strengthened our balance sheet,
giving us additional flexibility in our capital allocation decisions. Looking forward, after the end of the
year, we also reached an agreement in January 2023 to sell our Power Conversion Division to AcBel
Polytech Inc. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and is expected to be completed in the
second half of 2023.

At the same time, we remain committed to our strategy to separately list our E-mobility business
subject to constructive market conditions. In the meantime, we received gross proceeds of
approximately CHF 200 million ($216 million) through a private placement of new shares in ABB
E-mobility in November 2022. After the end of the year, we obtained an additional amount of funding
through the private placement, increasing the total gross proceeds by an additional CHF 325 million
($351 million) in February 2023. We remain a committed partner to ABB E-mobility with a shareholding
of 81 percent as of February 2023.

In addition, our active portfolio management process is driving decisions within the Divisions to
improve or exit areas of underperformance and support improved performance ambitions. During 2022
we accelerated the pace of strategic partnerships as well as bolt-on acquisitions driven by the
Divisions. The Motion Business Area announced their first two acquisitions in more than a decade, with
a combined value of approximately $125 million. Both the planned acquisition of the Siemens low
voltage NEMA motor business (closing in 2023) and the PowerTech Converter acquisition will help the
respective Divisions to further strengthen their leading market positions. We have also made minority
investments led by our Divisions. Both the InCharge Energy, Inc (In-Charge) and Numocity Technologies
Private Ltd (Numocity) majority acquisitions made earlier this year are good examples that minority
investments can later also become acquisition targets. As part of our future strategy, we continue to
aim to complete five or more bolt-on acquisitions each year.

Business progress

During 2022, demand for ABB's offering was robust, driven by strong demand across all regions and
most customer segments, leading to positive developments in both volumes and pricing, the latter of
which was largely driven by our quick response to rising input costs which we were able to pass on to
our customers. Orders increased in all Business Areas with higher demand in all regions with the
Americas seeing the highest growth, while growth in Asia, Middle East, and Africa was lower, driven
mainly by lower growth rates in China versus prior year. Overall demand increased for the short-cycle
flow business and the systems-driven offerings as well as in service.

While our orders increased 7 percent (13 percent in local currencies) in 2022, revenue growth was lower
at 2 percent (9 percent in local currencies). Supply chain constraints and imbalances in the overall
supply chain limited our ability to convert orders into actual deliveries resulting in an increase of our
order backlog of 20 percent to $19.9 billion at the end of the year.


--- Page 16 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Group profitability showed strong improvement during 2022 with segment profit (Operational EBITA)
improving in all Business Areas but reflecting approximately 10 percent of negative currency translation
impacts compared to 2021. The result was driven by strong pricing execution, increased volumes and
improved internal efficiency. Active price management and productivity gains were able to offset
increasing raw material costs and general cost inflation emphasized by the tight supply situation over
the year.

Cash flows from operating activities was $1.3 billion in 2022, a decrease of 61 percent compared to
2021. The profitability improvement was more than offset by the impact of a buildup of working
capital, especially inventories, required to support our record high backlog and the impact of higher
pay-out of employee bonuses due to the strong financial performance in 2021, as well as significant
cash outflows relating to the exit of a non-core business, the payment for the settlement related to
regulatory penalties for the Kusile project as well as ongoing restructuring and business
transformation costs.

We continued to make organic growth investments in a disciplined manner, prioritizing research and
development while reducing administrative costs. Total non-order related research and development
was $1.2 billion in 2022, or 4 percent of revenues.

Capital allocation
Our capital allocation priorities are unchanged:

+ funding organic growth, research and development, and capital expenditures at attractive returns,
* paying arising, sustainable dividend per share over time,

+ investing in value-creating acquisitions, and

* returning additional cash to shareholders.

We expect that our strong cash generation, on the back of the ABB Way operating model, will enhance
our flexibility to invest in both organic growth and bolt-on acquisitions, while providing attractive
returns to shareholders.

At the 2023 Annual General Meeting (AGM), the Board of Directors is proposing a dividend of 0.84 Swiss
francs per share. During the year we reached our goal of returning $7.8 billion of the cash proceeds
from the Power Grids divestment to shareholders. Under the various share buyback programs we have
now purchased in excess of our goal with $2.8 billion of shares purchased in 2022 in addition to the
$5.5 billion purchased through the end of 2021.

Sustainability strategy 2030

With our 2030 sustainability strategy, we are actively contributing to a more sustainable world, leading
by example in our own operations and partnering with customers and suppliers to enable a low-carbon
society, preserve resources and promote social progress. Our sustainability focus is part of ABB’s
commitment to responsible business practices, which are at the center of our comprehensive
governance framework, based on integrity and transparency.

Amongst other focus areas in 2022, we announced a new emissions target for our supply chain. We aim
to work with our main tier-one suppliers to achieve a 50 percent reduction in their COze emissions by
2030. The target is focused on suppliers covering 70 percent of ABB’s annual procurement expenditure.
The new target is expected to make an important contribution to our goal of enabling a low carbon
society as, in many cases, our suppliers have a bigger footprint than our company. For a detailed
discussion of our sustainability strategy 2030 and our progress in 2022, see “See the Sustainability
Report”.

Critical accounting policies and estimates

General

We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and present these in
U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated.


--- Page 17 ---

22 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make assumptions and estimates that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis (see “Note 2 -
Significant accounting policies” to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a listing of our most
significant accounting estimates). Where appropriate, we base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from our estimates and
assumptions.

We deem an accounting policy to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on
assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made and if different
estimates that reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the accounting estimates that are
reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact our Consolidated Financial Statements.
We also deem an accounting policy to be critical when the application of such policy is essential to our
ongoing operations. We believe the following critical accounting policies require us to make subjective
judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently
uncertain and material to our Consolidated Financial Statements. These policies should be considered
when reading our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Revenue recognition

A customer contract exists if collectability under the contract is considered probable, the contract has
commercial substance, contains payment terms, the rights and commitments of both parties, and has
been approved. By analyzing the type, terms and conditions of each contract or arrangement witha
customer, we determine which revenue recognition method applies.

We recognize revenues when control of goods or services is transferred to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for these goods or services.
Control is transferred when the customer has the ability to direct the use and obtain the benefits from
the goods or services.

The percentage-of-completion method of accounting is generally used when recognizing revenue on an
over time basis and involves the use of assumptions and projections, principally relating to future
material, labor, subcontractor and project-related overhead costs as well as estimates of the amount
of variable consideration to which we expect to be entitled. As a consequence, there is a risk that total
contract costs or the amount of variable consideration will, respectively, either exceed or be lower than
those we originally estimated (based on all information reasonably available to us) and the margin will
decrease or the contract may become unprofitable. This risk increases if the duration of a contract
increases because there is a higher probability that the circumstances upon which we originally
developed our estimates will change, resulting in increased costs that we may not recover. Factors that
could cause costs to increase include:

* unanticipated technical problems with equipment supplied or developed by us which may require
us to incur additional costs to remedy,

. changes in the cost of components, materials or labor,

+ — difficulties in obtaining required governmental permits or approvals,

* project modifications creating unanticipated costs,

* suppliers’ or subcontractors’ failure to perform, and

+ delays caused by unexpected conditions or events.

Changes in our initial assumptions, which we review on a regular basis between balance sheet dates,
may result in revisions to estimated costs, current earnings and anticipated earnings. We recognize
these changes in the period in which the changes in estimates are determined. By recognizing changes
in estimates cumulatively, recorded revenue and costs to date reflect the current estimates of the
stage of completion of each project. Additionally, losses on such contracts are recognized in the period
when they are identified and are based upon the anticipated excess of contract costs over the related
contract revenues.

Pension and other postretirement benefits

As more fully described in “Note 17 - Employee benefits” to our Consolidated Financial Statements, we
have a number of defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans and recognize an asset for a
plan’s overfunded status or a liability for a plan’s underfunded status in our Consolidated Balance
Sheets. We measure such a plan’s assets and obligations that determine its funded status as of the end
of the year.


--- Page 18 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Significant differences between assumptions and actual experience, or significant changes in
assumptions, may materially affect the pension obligations. The effects of actual results differing from
assumptions and the changing of assumptions are included in net actuarial loss within “Accumulated
other comprehensive loss”.

We recognize actuarial gains and losses gradually over time. Any cumulative unrecognized actuarial
gain or loss that exceeds 10 percent of the greater of the present value of the projected benefit
obligation (PBO) and the fair value of plan assets is recognized in earnings over the expected average
remaining working lives of the employees participating in the plan, or the expected average remaining
lifetime of the inactive plan participants if the plan is comprised of all or almost all inactive
participants. Otherwise, the actuarial gain or loss is not recognized in the Consolidated Income
Statements.

We use actuarial valuations to determine our pension and postretirement benefit costs and credits.
The amounts calculated depend on a variety of key assumptions, including discount rates, mortality
rates and expected return on plan assets. Under U.S. GAAP, we are required to consider current market
conditions in making these assumptions. In particular, the discount rates are reviewed annually based
on changes in long-term, highly-rated corporate bond yields. Decreases in the discount rates result in
an increase in the PBO and in pension costs. Conversely, an increase in the discount rates results ina
decrease in the PBO and in pension costs. The mortality assumptions are reviewed annually by
management. Decreases in mortality rates result in an increase in the PBO and in pension costs.
Conversely, an increase in mortality rates results in a decrease in the PBO and in pension costs.

Holding all other assumptions constant, a 0.25 percentage-point decrease in the discount rate would
have increased the PBO related to our defined benefit pension plans by $144 million while a

0.25 percentage-point increase in the discount rate would have decreased the PBO related to our
defined benefit pension plans by $140 million.

The expected return on plan assets is reviewed regularly and considered for adjustment annually based
upon the target asset allocations and represents the long-term return expected to be achieved.
Decreases in the expected return on plan assets result in an increase to pension costs. Holding all other
assumptions constant, an increase or decrease of 0.25 percentage points in the expected long-term
rate of asset return would have decreased or increased, respectively, the net periodic benefit cost in
2022 by $20 million.

The funded status, which can increase or decrease based on the performance of the financial markets
or changes in our assumptions, does not represent a mandatory short-term cash obligation. Instead,
the funded status of a defined benefit pension plan is the difference between the PBO and the fair
value of the plan assets. Our defined benefit pension plans were overfunded by $326 million and

$27 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our other postretirement plans were
underfunded by $50 million and $71 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Income taxes

In preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements, we are required to estimate income taxes in each
of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax expense from continuing operations is reconciled from the
weighted-average global tax rate (rather than from the Swiss domestic statutory tax rate). As the
parent company of the ABB Group, ABB Ltd, is domiciled in Switzerland, income which has been
generated in jurisdictions outside of Switzerland (hereafter “foreign jurisdictions”) and has already
been subject to corporate income tax in those foreign jurisdictions is, to a large extent, tax exempt in
Switzerland. Therefore, generally no or only limited Swiss income tax has to be provided for on the
repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. There is no requirement in Switzerland for a parent
company of a group to file a tax return of the group determining domestic and foreign pre-tax income
and as our consolidated income from continuing operations is predominantly earned outside of
Switzerland, corporate income tax in foreign jurisdictions largely determines our global
weighted-average tax rate.

23


--- Page 19 ---

24 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

We account for deferred taxes by using the asset and liability method. Under this method, we
determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on temporary differences between the financial
reporting and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are
expected to reverse. We recognize a deferred tax asset when it is more likely than not that the asset will
be realized. We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability and establish a valuation
allowance based upon historical losses, projected future taxable income and the expected timing of
the reversals of existing temporary differences. To the extent we increase or decrease this allowance in
a period, we recognize the change in the allowance within “Income tax expense” in the Consolidated
Income Statements unless the change relates to discontinued operations, in which case the change is
recorded in “Income from discontinued operations, net of tax”. Unforeseen changes in tax rates and tax
laws, as well as differences in the projected taxable income as compared to the actual taxable income,
may affect these estimates.

Certain countries levy withholding taxes, dividend distribution taxes or additional corporate income
taxes (hereafter “withholding taxes”) on dividend distributions. Such taxes cannot always be fully
reclaimed by the shareholder, although they have to be declared and withheld by the subsidiary.
Switzerland has concluded double taxation treaties with many countries in which we operate. These
treaties either eliminate or reduce such withholding taxes on dividend distributions. It is our policy to
distribute retained earnings of subsidiaries, insofar as such earnings are not permanently reinvested or
no other reasons exist that would prevent the subsidiary from distributing them. No deferred tax
liability is set up if retained earnings are considered as indefinitely reinvested and used for financing
current operations as well as business growth through working capital and capital expenditure in those
countries.

We operate in numerous tax jurisdictions and, as a result, are regularly subject to audit by tax
authorities, including for transfer pricing. We provide for tax contingencies whenever it is deemed
more likely than not that a tax asset has been impaired or a tax liability has been incurred for events
such as tax claims or changes in tax laws. Contingency provisions are recorded based on the technical
merits of our filing position, considering the applicable tax laws and OECD guidelines and are based on
our evaluations of the facts and circumstances as of the end of each reporting period. Changes in the
facts and circumstances could result in a material change to the tax accruals. Although we believe that
our tax estimates are reasonable and that appropriate tax reserves have been made, the final
determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be different than that which is reflected in
our income tax provisions and accruals.

An estimated loss from a tax contingency must be accrued as a charge to income if it is more likely
than not that a tax asset has been impaired or a tax liability has been incurred and the amount of the
loss can be reasonably estimated. We apply a two-step approach to recognize and measure uncertainty
in income taxes. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the
weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained
on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to
measure the tax benefit as the largest amount which is more than 50 percent likely of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. The required amount of provisions for contingencies of any type may
change in the future due to new developments.

Goodwill and intangible assets

We review goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1, or more frequently if events or
circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. We use either a qualitative or
quantitative assessment method for each reporting unit.

As each of our Divisions have full ownership and accountability for their respective strategies,
performance and resources, we have determined our reporting units to be at the Division level, which is
one level below our operating segments of Electrification, Motion, Process Automation and Robotics &
Discrete Automation.

When performing the qualitative assessment, we first determine, for a reporting unit, factors which
would affect the fair value of the reporting unit including: (i) macroeconomic conditions related to the
business, (ii) industry and market trends, and (iii) the overall future financial performance and future
opportunities in the markets in which the business operates. We then consider how these factors
would impact the most recent quantitative analysis of the reporting unit’s fair value. Key assumptions
in determining the fair value of the reporting unit include the projected level of business operations,
the reporting unit’s weighted-average cost of capital, the income tax rate and the terminal growth rate.


--- Page 20 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

During 2022, we added one new Division by creating a standalone Division from components of two
existing Divisions resulting in twenty-one reporting units in total for the Group at October 1, 2022.
Subsequently ABB completed the spin-off of the Turbocharging Division in October 2022. For each
change in reporting unit which arose during 2022, an interim quantitative impairment test was
conducted before and after the change. In both the “before” and “after” tests, it was concluded that
the fair value of the reporting units exceeded the carrying value by a significant amount.

During 2021, we added three new Divisions by splitting two existing ones into multiple standalone
Divisions and announced (in July 2021) the divestment of the Mechanical Power Transmission Division,
resulting in twenty reporting units in total for the Group at October 1, 2021. For each change in
reporting unit which arose during 2021, an interim quantitative impairment test was conducted before
and after the change. In both the “before” and “after” tests, it was concluded that the fair value of the
reporting units exceeded the carrying value by a significant amount.

In 2020, prior to the adoption of the new “ABB Way” operating model on July 1, 2020, goodwill was
generally assessed at the level of ABB’s operating segments (one level above the Division, with the
exception of Process Automation where the reporting units were the same as the Divisions) while after
the change, goodwill impairment was assessed at the Division level. Although the new operating model
resulted only in an allocation of goodwill within the operating segments and did not change the
segment level goodwill, an interim quantitative impairment test was conducted before and after the
July 1 change. As a result of the interim quantitative impairment test, a goodwill impairment charge of
$290 million was recorded in 2020 to reduce the carrying value of the Machine Automation reporting
unit to its implied fair value. For more information, please refer to “Note 11 - Goodwill and intangible
assets” to ABB’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

At October 1, 2022 and 2021, we performed qualitative assessments and determined that it was not
more likely than not that the fair value for each of these reporting units was below the carrying value.
As aresult, we concluded that it was not necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test.

Intangible assets are reviewed for recoverability upon the occurrence of certain triggering events (such
as a decision to divest a business or projected losses of an entity) or whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We record impairment
charges other than impairments of goodwill in “Other income (expense), net” in our Consolidated
Income Statements, unless they relate to a discontinued operation, in which case the charges are
recorded in “Income from discontinued operations, net of tax”.

New accounting pronouncements

For a description of accounting changes and recent accounting pronouncements, including the
expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our Consolidated Financial Statements,
see “Note 2 - Significant accounting policies” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Research and development

Each year, we invest significantly in research and development. Our research and development focuses
on developing and commercializing the technologies, products and solutions of our businesses that
are of strategic importance to our future growth. In 2022, we invested $1,166 million, or approximately
4 percent of our 2022 consolidated revenues, on research and development activities in our continuing
operations. We also had expenditures of approximately $48 million on order-related development
activities. These are customer- and project-specific development efforts that we undertake to develop
or adapt equipment and systems to the unique needs of our customers in connection with specific
orders or projects.

25


--- Page 21 ---

26 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

In addition to continuous product development, and order-related engineering work, we develop
platforms for technology applications in our businesses in our research and development laboratories,
which operate on a global basis. Through active management of our investment in research and
development, we seek to maintain a balance between short-term and long-term research and
development programs and optimize our return on investment. We protect these results by holding
patents, copyrights and other appropriate intellectual property protection.

To complement our business-focused product development, our businesses invest together in
collaborative research activities covering topics such as artificial intelligence, software, sensors,
control and optimization, mechatronics and robotics, power electronics, communication technologies,
material and manufacturing, electrodynamics and electrical switching technologies. This results in
advancing the state-of-the-art technologies used in our products and in common technology platforms
that can be applied across multiple product lines.

Universities are incubators of future technology, and one task of our research and development teams
is to transform university research into industry-ready technology platforms. We collaborate with
multiple universities and research institutions to build research networks and foster new technologies.
We believe these collaborations shorten the amount of time required to turn basic ideas into viable
products, and they additionally help us to recruit and train new personnel. We have built numerous
university strategic relationships with a number of leading institutions in various countries around the
world.

We are also leveraging our ecosystem to enhance our innovation efforts and gain speed with strategic
partners with complementary competencies. In addition, we invest and collaborate with start-ups
worldwide via our corporate venture arm ABB Technology Ventures and our start-up collaboration arm
SynerLeap.

The result of our investment in research and development is that ABB is widely recognized for its world-
class technology.

Acquisitions and divestments

Acquisitions

During 2022 and 2021, ABB paid $195 million and $212 million to purchase five and two businesses,
respectively.

The principal acquisition in 2022 was InCharge Energy, Inc. (In-Charge), where we increased our
ownership to a 60 percent controlling interest, expanding the market presence of the E-mobility
Division within our Electrification operating segment, particularly in the North American market. In-
Charge is headquartered in Santa Monica, United States, and is a provider of turn-key commercial
electric vehicle charging hardware and software solutions. See “Note 4 - Acquisitions, divestments and
equity-accounted companies” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

The principal acquisition in 2021 was ASTI Mobile Robotics Group SL (ASTI). ASTI is headquartered in
Burgos, Spain.

There were no significant acquisitions in 2020.


--- Page 22 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022 27
Divestments and spin-offs

Spin-off of the Turbocharging Division

In September 2022, the shareholders approved the spin-off of the Company’s Turbocharging Division
into an independent, publicly traded company, Accelleron Industries AG (Accelleron), which was
completed through the distribution of common stock of Accelleron to the stockholders of ABB on
October 3, 2022. As a result of the spin-off of this Division, the Company distributed net assets of

$272 million, net of amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests of $12 million, which was reflected
as a reduction in Retained earnings. In addition, total accumulated comprehensive income of

$95 million, including the cumulative translation adjustment, was reclassified to Retained earnings.
Cash and cash equivalents distributed with Accelleron was $172 million. Prior to being spun-off, the
Turbocharging Division was part of our Process Automation Business Area. See “Note 4 - Acquisitions,
divestments and equity-accounted companies” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Divestment of Mechanical Power Transmission Division

In November 2021, we completed the sale of our Mechanical Power Transmission Division (Dodge) to
RBC Bearings Inc. for cash proceeds of $2,862 million, net of transaction costs and cash disposed and
recognizing a net gain on sale of $2,195 million. Prior to its disposal, the Dodge business was part of
our Motion Business Area. See “Note 4 - Acquisitions, divestments and equity-accounted companies” to
our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Divestment of Power Grids

On July 1, 2020, we completed the divestment of 80.1 percent of our former Power Grids business
(Hitachi Energy) to Hitachi. As this divestment represented a strategic shift that would have a major
effect on our operations and financial results, the results of operations for this business are presented
as discontinued operations and the assets and liabilities are reflected as held for sale for all periods
presented. For more information on the divestment of the Power Grids business see “Note 3 -
Discontinued operations” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Hitachi held a call option which required ABB to sell the remaining 19.9 percent interest in Hitachi
Energy at a price consistent with what was paid by Hitachi to acquire the initial 80.1 percent or at fair
value, if higher. In September 2022, we agreed with Hitachi that we would sell our remaining investment
in Hitachi Energy and concurrently settle certain outstanding contractual obligations relating to the
initial sale of the business, including certain indemnification guarantees (see Note 15 - Commitments
and contingencies). The transaction was completed in December 2022, and we received proceeds of
$1,552 million. See “Note 4 - Acquisitions, divestments and equity-accounted companies” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Exchange rates

We report our financial results in U.S. dollars. Due to our global operations, a significant amount of our
revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in other currencies. As a consequence,
movements in exchange rates between currencies may affect: (i) our profitability, (ii) the comparability
of our results between periods and (iii) the reported carrying value of our assets and liabilities.

We translate non-USD denominated results of operations, assets and liabilities to USD in our
Consolidated Financial Statements. Balance sheet items are translated to USD using year-end currency
exchange rates. Income statement and cash flow items are translated to USD using the relevant
monthly average currency exchange rate.

Increases and decreases in the value of the USD against other currencies will affect the reported results
of operations in our Consolidated Income Statements and the value of certain of our assets and
liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, even if our results of operations or the value of those
assets and liabilities have not changed in their original currency. As foreign exchange rates impact our
reported results of operations and the reported value of our assets and liabilities, changes in foreign
exchange rates could significantly affect the comparability of our reported results of operations
between periods and result in significant changes to the reported value of our assets, liabilities and
stockholders’ equity.


--- Page 23 ---

28 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

While we operate globally and report our financial results in USD, exchange rate movements between
the USD and the EUR, the CNY and the CHF are of particular importance to us due to (i) the location of
our significant operations and (ii) our corporate headquarters being in Switzerland.

The exchange rates between the USD and the EUR, the USD and the CHF and the USD and the CNY at
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were as follows:

Exchange rates into $ 2022 2021 2020
EUR 1.00 1.07 1.13 1.23
CHF 1.00 1.08 1.10 1.14
CNY 1.00 0.14 0.16 0.15,

The average exchange rates between the USD and the EUR, the USD and the CHF and the USD and the
CNY for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were as follows:

Exchange rates into $ 2022 2021 2020
EUR 1.00 1.05 118 1.14
CHF 1.00 1.05 1.09 1.07
CNY 1.00 0.15, 0.16 0.14

When we incur expenses that are not denominated in the same currency as the related revenues,
foreign exchange rate fluctuations could affect our profitability. To mitigate the impact of exchange
rate movements on our profitability, it is our policy to enter into forward foreign exchange contracts to
manage the foreign exchange transaction risk of our operations.

In 2022, approximately 75 percent of our consolidated revenues were reported in currencies other than
the USD. The following percentages of consolidated revenues were reported in the following
currencies:

+ Euro, approximately 22 percent, and
+ Chinese renminbi, approximately 16 percent.

In 2022, approximately 72 percent of our cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses
were reported in currencies other than the USD. The following percentages of consolidated cost of
sales and selling, general and administrative expenses were reported in the following currencies:

+ Euro, approximately 19 percent, and
+ Chinese renminbi, approximately 13 percent.

We also incur expenses other than cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses in
various currencies.

The results of operations and financial position of our subsidiaries outside of the U.S. are generally
accounted for in the currencies of the countries in which those subsidiaries are located. We refer to
these currencies as “local currencies”. Local currency financial information is then translated into USD
at applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our Consolidated Financial Statements.

The discussion of our results of operations below provides certain information with respect to orders,
revenues, income from operations and other measures as reported in USD (as well as in local
currencies). We measure period-to-period variations in local currency results by using a constant
foreign exchange rate for all periods under comparison. Differences in our results of operations in local
currencies as compared to our results of operations in USD are caused exclusively by changes in
currency exchange rates.

While we consider our results of operations as measured in local currencies to be a significant indicator
of business performance, local currency information should not be relied upon to the exclusion of

U.S. GAAP financial measures. Instead, local currencies reflect an additional measure of comparability
and provide a means of viewing aspects of our operations that, when viewed together with the

U.S. GAAP results, provide a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting the
business. As local currency information is not standardized, it may not be possible to compare our local
currency information to other companies’ financial measures that have the same or a similar title. We
encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly filed reports in their entirety and
not to rely on any single financial measure.


--- Page 24 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Orders

Our policy is to book and report an order when a binding contractual agreement has been concluded
with a customer covering, at a minimum, the price and scope of products or services to be supplied,
the delivery schedule and the payment terms. The reported value of an order corresponds to the
undiscounted value of revenues that we expect to recognize following delivery of the goods or services
subject to the order, less any trade discounts and excluding any value added or sales tax. The value of
orders received during a given period of time represents the sum of the value of all orders received
during the period, adjusted to reflect the aggregate value of any changes to the value of orders
received during the period and orders existing at the beginning of the period. These adjustments,
which may in the aggregate increase or decrease the orders reported during the period, may include
changes in the estimated order price up to the date of contractual performance, changes in the scope
of products or services ordered and cancellations of orders. The undiscounted value of future revenues
we expect to generate from our orders at any point in time is represented by our order backlog.

The level of orders fluctuates from year to year. Portions of our business involve orders for long-term
projects that can take months or years to complete and many larger orders result in revenues in
periods after the order is booked. Consequently, the level of orders generally cannot be used to
accurately predict future revenues or operating performance. Orders that have been placed can often
be cancelled, delayed or modified by the customer. These actions can reduce or delay any future
revenues from the order or may result in the elimination of the order.

Performance measures

We evaluate the performance of our operating segments based on orders received, revenues and
Operational EBITA.

Operational EBITA represents income from operations excluding:

* amortization expense on intangibles arising upon acquisitions (acquisition-related amortization),

. restructuring, related and implementation costs,

* changes in the amount recorded for obligations related to divested businesses occurring after the
divestment date (changes in obligations related to divested businesses),

* changes in estimates relating to opening balance sheets of acquired businesses (changes in
pre-acquisition estimates),

* gains and losses from sale of businesses (including fair value adjustment on assets and liabilities
held for sale),

*  acquisition- and divestment-related expenses and integration costs,

. other income/expense relating to the Power Grids joint venture,

. certain other non-operational items, as well as

+ foreign exchange/commodity timing differences in income from operations consisting of:
(a) unrealized gains and losses on derivatives (foreign exchange, commodities, embedded
derivatives), (b) realized gains and losses on derivatives where the underlying hedged transaction
has not yet been realized, and (c) unrealized foreign exchange movements on
receivables/payables (and related assets/liabilities).

Certain other non-operational items generally includes: certain regulatory, compliance and legal costs,
certain asset write downs/impairments (including impairment of goodwill) and certain other fair value
changes, as well as other items which are determined by management on a case-by-case basis.

See “Note 23 - Operating segment and geographic data” to our Consolidated Financial Statements for
a reconciliation of the total Operational EBITA to income from continuing operations before taxes.

29


--- Page 25 ---

30 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Transactions with affiliates and associates

In the normal course of our business, we purchase products from, sell products to and engage in other
transactions with entities in which we hold an equity interest. The amounts involved in these
transactions are not material to ABB Ltd. Prior to its sale in December 2022 our most significant equity
method investment was in Hitachi Energy Ltd (see “Note 4 - Acquisitions, divestments and equity-
accounted companies” for details). Also, in the normal course of our business, we engage in
transactions with businesses that we have divested. We believe that the terms of the transactions we
conduct with these companies are negotiated on an arm’s length basis.


--- Page 26 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Analysis of results of operations

31

The discussion in the following sections below provides a comparative analysis between 2022 and 2021.
See the sections under “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” in our 2021 Annual Report for a

comparative discussion and analysis between 2021 and 2020.

Our consolidated results from operations were as follows:

Income Statement Data:

¢ ns, except per share data in $) 2022 2021 2020
Revenues 29,446 28,945 26,134
Cost of sales (19,736) (19,478) (18,256)
Gross profit 9,710 9,467 7,878
Selling, general and administrative expenses (6,132) (6,162) (4,895)
Non-order related research and development expenses (1,166) (1,219) (1,127)
Impairment of goodwill = = (311)
Other income (expense), net (75) 2,632 48
Income from operations 3,337 5,718 1,593
Interest and dividend income 72 51 51
Interest and other finance expense (130) (148) (240)
Losses from extinguishment of debt = = (162)
Non-operational pension (cost) credit 115 166 (401)
Income tax expense (757) (1,057) (496)
Income from continuing operations, net of tax 2,637 4,730 345
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (43) (80) 4,860
Net income 2,594 4,650 5,205
Net income attributable to noncontrolling
interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests (119) (104) (59)
Net income attributable to ABB 2,475 4,546 5,146
Amounts attributable to ABB shareholders:

Income from continuing operations, net of tax 2,517 4,625 294

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (42) (79) 4,852

Net income 2,475 4,546 5,146
Basic earnings per share attributable to ABB shareholders:

Income from continuing operations, net of tax 1.33 2.31 0.14

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (0.02) (0.04) 2.30

Net income 1.30 2.27 2.44
Diluted earnings per share attributable to ABB shareholders:

Income from continuing operations, net of tax 1.32 2.29 0.14

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (0.02) (0.04) 2.29

Net income 1.30 2.25 2.43

A more detailed discussion of the orders, revenues, income from operations and Operational EBITA for

our Business Areas follows in the sections of “Business analysis” below for Electrification, Motion,

Process Automation, Robotics & Discrete Automation and Corporate and Other. Orders and revenues
of our businesses include intersegment transactions which are eliminated in the “Corporate and Other”

line in the tables below.


--- Page 27 ---

32 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Orders
% Change
($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021
15,901 14,381 11,884 11% 21%
Motion 7,896 7,616 6,574 4% 16%
Process Automation 6,825 6,779 6,144 1% 10%
Robotics & Discrete Automation 4,116 3,844 2,868 T% 34%
Total Business Areas 34,738 32,620 27,470 6% 19%
Corporate and Other
Non-core and divested businesses 46 (10) (31) na. na.
Intersegment eliminations and other (796) (742) (927) na. na.
Total 33,988 31,868 26,512 T™% 20%

In 2022, total orders increased 7 percent compared to 2021 (13 percent in local currencies). All Business
Areas contributed to the order growth driven by both higher business volumes and price increases,
reflecting strong demand across most regions and most customer segments, as well as the impact of
successfully passing on rising input costs to end customers. Orders were higher for product and
project businesses as well as for service businesses. In addition to strong underlying market demand,
orders were also supported by customers placing orders early to secure deliveries in an environment
with a generally tight supply chain, especially earlier in the year. As supply chain constraints eased over
the year, customer order patterns tended to normalize. Growth rates were highest in the Electrification
and Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Areas. Both the Process Automation and Motion
Business Areas contributed modest growth, with the former impacted by the spin-off of the
Turbocharging Division in October 2022 and the latter impacted by the divestment of the Mechanical
Power Transmission business sold in November 2021 which together had a combined negative impact
on consolidated order growth of approximately 3 percent. For additional information about individual
Business Area order performance, refer to the relevant sections of “Business analysis” below.

We determine the geographic distribution of our orders based on the location of the ultimate
destination of the products’ end use, if known, or the location of the customer. The geographic
distribution of our consolidated orders was as follows:

% Change
($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021
Europe 14,778 11,857 9,618 ()% 23%
The Americas 11,825 9,940 7,956 19% 25%
of which: United States 8,920 7,453 5,971 20%
Asia, Middle East and Africa 10,385 10,071 8,938 3% 13%
of which: China 5,087 5,036 4,121 1%
Total 33,988 31,868 26,512 7% 20%

In 2022, orders increased 19 percent in the Americas (20 percent in local currencies), with orders
growing in the U.S., Canada, Brazil and Mexico. In Europe, orders decreased 1 percent (increased

13 percent in local currencies) with the Motion and Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Areas
reporting order growth. Orders were higher in France, Switzerland, Italy and the United Kingdom while
they declined in Germany, Sweden and Finland. In Asia, Middle East and Africa, orders increased

3 percent (9 percent in local currencies) with orders increasing in China, India, Singapore, South Korea
and Saudi Arabia while they decreased in Australia.


--- Page 28 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022 33

Order backlog

December 31, ($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021
Electrification 6,933 5,458 4,358 27% 25%
Motion 4,726 3,749 3,320 26% 13%
Process Automation 6,229 6,079 5,805 2% 5%
Robotics & Discrete Automation 2,679 1,919 1,403 40% 37%
Total Business Areas 20,567 17,205 14,886 20% 16%
Corporate and Other

Non-core and divested businesses 23 114 139 (80)% (18)%
Intersegment eliminations (723) (712) (722) na. na.
Total 19,867 16,607 14,303 20% 16%

At December 31, 2022, consolidated order backlog was 20 percent higher (26 percent in local
currencies) compared to December 31, 2021. Order backlog increased significantly in most Business
Areas with the Process Automation Business Area having only modest growth. The order backlog in the
Motion Business Area was driven by order growth in both the short- and long-cycle businesses in most
Divisions. Order backlog increased across all Divisions in the Electrification Business Area reflecting the
very high order levels with the strongest growth in the E-mobility and Distribution Solutions Divisions.
The order backlog in the Process Automation Business Area was supported by a strong order increase
in most Divisions except the Marine & Ports Division, which was negatively impacted by an order
reversal due to a customer bankruptcy in Germany. The low order backlog growth in the Process
Automation Business Area also reflects the spin-off of the Turbocharging Division. The increase in the
order backlog in the Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Area was driven by strong growth in
both Divisions (Machine Automation and Robotics).

Revenues

% Change

2022 2021 2020 2022 2021
Electrification 14,105 13,187 11,924 7% 11%
Motion 6,745, 6,925 6,409 (3)% 8%
Process Automation 6,044 6,259 5,792 (3)% 8%
Robotics & Discrete Automation 3,181 3,297 2,907 (4)% 13%
Total Business Areas 30,075 29,668 27,032 1% 10%
Corporate and Other
Non-core and divested businesses 135 il © na. na.
Intersegment eliminations and other (764) (734) (892) na. na.
Total 29,446 28,945 26,134 2% 11%

In 2022, revenues increased by 2 percent (9 percent in local currencies). During the first half of the year,
revenues were hampered as component constraints slowed production and hindered customer
deliveries. However, the supply chain challenges progressively eased, triggering higher revenue growth
rates in the latter part of the year. All Business Areas benefited from increased volumes and price
increases as we were able to pass on the impacts of higher cost inputs to the end customers. Growth
rates were highest in the Electrification Business Area. In local currencies, the Motion Business Area
achieved a single-digit growth rate despite the adverse impact from the divestment of the Mechanical
Power Transmission Division in November 2021. The Process Automation Business Area saw moderate
growth in local currencies despite the spin-off of the Turbocharging Division in October 2022. Revenues
in the Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Area increased in local currencies, with revenues
benefiting in the second half of the year from an easing of component constraints. For additional
analysis of revenues for each of the Business Areas, refer to the relevant sections of “Business analysis”
below.


--- Page 29 ---

34 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

We determine the geographic distribution of our revenues based on the location of the ultimate
destination of the products’ end use, if known, or the location of the customer. The geographic
distribution of our consolidated revenues was as follows:

% Change

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021
Europe 10,286 10,529 9,764 (2)% 8%
The Americas 9,572 8,686 7,949 10% 2%

of which: United States 7,021 6,397 6,027 10% 6%
Asia, Middle East and Africa 9,588 9,730 8,421 ()% 16%

of which: China 4,696 4,932 4,098 (5)% 20%
Total 29,446 28,945 26,134 2% 11%

In 2022, the increase in revenues was driven by the Americas region, where revenues increased

10 percent (11 percent in local currencies) and were higher across all Business Areas except the Motion
Business Area. Revenues increased in the U.S., Canada, Brazil, Mexico, Argentina and Peru. In Europe,
revenues decreased 2 percent (increased 12 percent in local currencies) and were higher across all
Business Areas except the Motion Business Area, which was flat. Sales were higher in Finland, the
United Kingdom and France while revenues were lower in Sweden, Switzerland and Norway. Germany
and Italy reported stable sales. In Asia, Middle East and Africa revenues decreased 1 percent (increased
5 percent in local currencies) and revenues grew in the Electrification Business Area while the Process
Automation and Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Areas reported a decrease with the Motion
Business Area being stable. Revenues increased in India and Singapore while they decreased in China,
Saudi Arabia, Australia, Japan and South Korea.

Cost of sales

Cost of sales consists primarily of labor, raw materials and component costs but also includes indirect
production costs, expenses for warranties, contract and project charges, as well as order-related
development expenses incurred in connection with projects for which corresponding revenues have
been recognized.

In 2022, costs of sales increased 1 percent (8 percent in local currencies) to $19,736 million. Cost of
sales as a percentage of revenues decreased to 67.0 percent from 67.3 percent in 2021, increasing the
gross margin, primarily driven by price increases and certain cost savings actions taken to mitigate
higher inflation in labor, commodity prices and freight costs. It is partly offset by a negative impact due
to portfolio changes. In 2022, gross margin percentages were higher in the Electrification, Process
Automation and Motion Business Areas. The gross margin percentages in the Robotics & Discrete
Automation Business Areas were lower in 2022 compared to 2021 due to the impact of higher inflation
and lower volume due to general supply chain constraints.

Selling, general and administrative expenses

The components of selling, general and administrative expenses were as follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Selling expenses 3,248 3,281 3,087
General and administrative expenses 1,884 1,881 1,808
Total 5,132 5,162 4,895

In 2022, general and administrative expenses were flat (increased 8 percent in local currencies)
compared to 2021. The local currency increase principally represents an impact from inflation. As a
percentage of revenues, general and administrative expenses slightly decreased to 6.4 percent from
6.5 percent in 2021 mainly due to strong revenue growth compared to more modest cost increases.
General and administrative expenses in 2022 continue to include the ongoing costs required to deliver
services to Hitachi Energy Ltd and Accelleron (commencing in October 2022) under transition service
agreements for which we are compensated and have recorded $162 million in Other income (expense),
net, during 2022 compared to $173 million in 2021.


--- Page 30 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022 35

In 2022, selling expenses decreased 1 percent (increased 6 percent in local currencies) compared to
2021 and was higher in local currencies across all Business Areas. Spending levels increased as
pandemic-related restrictions were gradually relaxed and sales activities increased to keep pace with
the strong growth in underlying demand. Selling expenses as a percentage of orders received
decreased from 10.3 percent in 2021 to 9.6 percent in 2022 mainly due to strong order growth.

Non-order related research and development expenses

In 2022, non-order related research and development expenses decreased 4 percent (increase 4 percent
in local currencies) compared to 2021. In 2022, non-order related research and development expenses
as a percentage of revenues remained similar to prior year levels (4.0 percent in 2022 compared to

4.2 percent in 2021) as we continued investing in research and development in line with revenues

growth.

Other income (expense), net

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Income from provision of services under transition services agreements 221 173 91
Net gain from sale of property, plant and equipment 84 38 37
Gain (loss) from change in fair value of investments in equity securities 52 108 73
Brand income from Hitachi Energy 57 89 60
Favorable resolution of an uncertain purchase price adjustment 15 6 36
Fair value adjustment on assets and liabilities held for sale = = (33)
Net gain (loss) from sale of businesses & equity-accounted investments” 36 2,193 (2)
Asset impairments (55) (33) (35)
Income (loss) from equity-accounted companies (102) (100) (66)
Restructuring and restructuring-related expenses (227) (48) (87)
Regulatory penalties in connection with Kusile project (313) = =
Other income (expense) 157 206 (26)
Total (75) 2,632 48

maining 1

In 2022, Other income (expense), net, was a loss of $75 million compared to a gain of $2,632 million in

2021. In 2022, we recorded costs of $313 million associated with regulatory penalties assessed in

connection with the Kusile project and higher restructuring and restructuring-related expenses which
included $195 million in connection with the exit of the full train retrofit business primarily for contract

settlement costs. In 2022, we recorded a gain of $43 million relating to the sale of the remaining

19.9 percent of Hitachi Energy to Hitachi. In 2021, we recorded gains of $2,193 million in Other income
(expense), net for net gains from sales of businesses. This was primarily due to the divestment of the

Dodge business. In 2022 compared to 2021, we recorded lower gains for net fair value increases in

various equity investments, the most significant of which in 2022 related to InCharge Energy, Inc and in

2021 related to CMR Surgical Ltd.

Income from operations

% Change
($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021
Electrification 2,159 1,841 1,335, 17% 38%
Motion 1,092 3,276 989 (67)% 231%
Process Automation 663 713 344 (D% 107%
Robotics & Discrete Automation 247 269 (163) (8)% na.
Total Business Areas 4,161 6,099 2,505 (32)% 143%
Corporate and Other (823) (385) (927) na. na.
Intersegment elimination @) 4 15 na. na.
Total 3,337 5,718 1,593 (42)% 259%

In 2022 and 2021, changes in income from operations were a result of the factors discussed above and

in “Business analysis” below.


--- Page 31 ---

36 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Financial income and expenses

Financial income and expenses include “Interest and dividend income”, “Interest and other finance
expense” and “Losses from extinguishment of debt”.

“Interest and other finance expense” includes interest expense on our debt, the amortization of upfront
transaction costs associated with long-term debt and committed credit facilities, commitment fees on
credit facilities, foreign exchange gains and losses on financial items and gains and losses on
marketable securities. In addition, interest accrued relating to uncertain tax positions is included
within interest expense. “Interest and other finance expense” excludes interest expense which has been
allocated to discontinued operations.
($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Interest and dividend income 72 51 51
Interest and other finance expense (130) (148) (240)
Losses from extinguishment of debt = = (162)

In 2022, increases in market interest rates resulted in both higher interest income on cash deposits and
higher interest expense on floating rate debt. Interest expense was lower primarily due to net reversals
of interest expense in connection with income tax related contingencies. This was partially offset by
the effect of higher rates of interest on floating rate debt as well as higher amounts of outstanding
commercial paper.

Non-operational pension (cost) credit

Anon-operational pension credit of $115 million was recorded in 2022 compared to a $166 million credit
in 2021. Compared to 2021, the 2022 non-operational pension credit has decreased due to lower
expected returns on plan assets and higher interest costs on the benefit obligations (see “Note 17 -
Employee benefits” to our Consolidated Financial Statements).

Income tax expense

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Income from continuing operations before taxes 3,394 5,787 841
Income tax expense (757) (1,057) (496)
Effective tax rate for the year 22.3% 18.3% 59.0%

In 2022, the effective tax rate increased to 22.3 percent from 18.3 percent in 2021. The effective tax rate
in 2022 was approximately 2 percentage points higher due to the non-deductible regulatory penalties
in connection with the Kusile project and 3 percentage points due to not benefiting losses in entities
having a participation exemption. The effective tax rate in 2022 also reflects a benefit of approximately
6 percentage points due to changes in assessment of recoverability of deferred tax assets. In 2021, the
tax impacts related to the sale of the Dodge business reduced the effective tax rate by approximately
5 percentage points. We also realized certain benefits from internal reorganizations in anticipation of
this divestment which reduced the effective tax rate by a further 4 percentage points.

See “Note 16 - Income taxes” to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Income from continuing operations, net of tax

As aresult of the factors discussed above, compared to 2021, Income from continuing operations, net
of tax, decreased by $2,093 million to $2,637 million in 2022.


--- Page 32 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022 37

Income from discontinued operations, net of tax

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax, in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Total revenues = = 4,008
Total cost of sales = = (3,058)
Gross profit = = 950
Expenses (38) (18) (808)
Change to net gain recognized on sale of the Power Grids business (10) (65) 5,141
Income (loss) from operations (48) (83) 5,282
Net interest income (expense) and other finance expense = 2 (5)
Non-operational pension (cost) credit = = (94)
Income (loss) from discontinued operations before taxes (48) (81) 5,182
Income tax 5 1 (322)
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (43) (80) 4,860

On July 1, 2020, we completed the divestment of 80.1 percent of our former Power Grids business to
Hitachi. As a result of the sale, substantially all Power Grids related assets and liabilities have been sold.
As this divestment represented a strategic shift that would have a major effect on our operations and
financial results, the results of operations for this business have been presented as discontinued
operations for all periods presented. In addition, we also have retained obligations (primarily for
environmental and taxes) related to other businesses disposed or otherwise exited that qualified as
discontinued operations. Changes to these retained obligations are also included in Income (loss) from
discontinued operations, net of tax.

In 2020, as aresult of the sale of the Power Grids business, we recognized a net gain for the sale of the
entire Power Grids business which is included in Income from discontinued operations, net of tax.
Certain amounts included in the net gain are estimated or otherwise subject to change in value and, as
aresult, we have recorded additional adjustments in 2022 and 2021, primarily due to the impacts of the
final purchase price settlement agreed with Hitachi and net foreign currency losses on certain
obligations. We may record additional adjustments in future periods to the gain which are not
expected to have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.

For additional information on the divestment and discontinued operations, see “Note 3 - Discontinued
operations” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Net income attributable to ABB

As aresult of the factors discussed above, compared to 2021, Net income attributable to ABB
decreased by $2,071 million to $2,475 million in 2022.

Earnings per share attributable to ABB shareholders

(in $) 2022 2021 2020
Basic earnings per share attributable to ABB shareholders
Income from continuing operations, net of tax 133 2.31 0.14
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (0.02) (0.04) 2.30
Net income 130 2.27 2.44

Diluted earnings per share attributable to ABB shareholders:

Income from continuing operations, net of tax 1.32 2.29 0.14
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (0.02) (0.04) 2.29
Net income 1.30 2.25 2.43

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing income by the weighted-average number of shares
outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing income by the
weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the year, assuming that all potentially dilutive
securities were exercised, if dilutive. Potentially dilutive securities comprise: outstanding written call
options and outstanding options and shares granted subject to certain conditions under our
share-based payment arrangements. See “Note 20 - Earnings per share” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.


--- Page 33 ---

38 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Business analysis

Electrification Business Area

The financial results of our Electrification Business Area were as follows:

Orders and Revenues Income from operations & Operational EBITA
12M Sin
$ in millions milions $ in millions
5,000 18,000 750 20%

3

4,000 16,000 15%
450

3,000 14,000 0%
300

2,000 12,000
150 °

1,000 10,000

) 0%
jai, G2 03 G4 GI G2 a3 a4 a G2 as a Gi G2 Ga at at ae a8 as a Ge a2 ad

2020 2021
Orders o 1 EB!
— se Income from ope
—— Orders 12M roling Income from operations. %
% Change
($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021
Orders 15,901 14,381 11,884 1% 21%
Order backlog at December 31, 6,933 5,458 4,358 27% 25%
Revenues 14,105 13,187 11,924 7% 11%
Income from operations 2,159 1,841 1,335, 17% 38%
Operational EBITA 2,328 2,121 1,681 10% 26%

Orders

Approximately two-thirds of the Business Area’s orders are for products with short delivery times;
these orders are usually recorded and delivered within a three-month period and thus are generally
considered as short-cycle. The remainder is comprised of smaller project orders that require longer
lead times, as well as larger solutions requiring engineering and installation. Approximately half of the
Business Area’s orders are received via third-party distributors. As a consequence, end-customer
market data is based partially on management estimates.

In 2022, orders increased 11 percent (17 percent in local currencies) as demand improved across all key
end-user segments. Demand in the buildings segment, the Electrification Business Area’s largest end-
user segment, was robust, with strong growth particularly in the non-residential building sector. Solid
growth in the residential building sector in the first half of the year was partly offset by a slowdown in
the second half of 2022, particularly in certain European markets. Substantial growth continues in the
e-mobility segment along with strong growth in data centers, food and beverage, infrastructure and
renewables. Demand from the oil and gas segment increased significantly during the year, while
growth in the utilities and rail segments was solid even if geographically uneven.

The geographic distribution of orders for our Electrification Business Area was as follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Europe 4,973 5,022 4,149
The Americas 6,776 5,199 4,033
of which: United States 5,273 3,891 3,065
Asia, Middle East and Africa 4,152 4,160 3,702
of which: China 2,028 2,141 1,819

Total 15,901 14,381 11,884



--- Page 34 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022 39

In 2022, orders in local currencies increased in all regions. The pandemic-related challenges improved
compared to 2021 in most geographies. Orders in the Americas increased 30 percent (31 percent in
local currencies), with demand strengthening across all key markets, led by increases in the U.S. and
Brazil. Orders in Europe decreased 1 percent, reflecting the weakening of many European currencies
against the U.S. dollar, but increased 13 percent in local currencies, with growth across the region
including in key markets such as Italy and Germany. Orders in Asia, Middle East and Africa were on the
same level as in 2021, but increased 6 percent in local currencies, with strong order growth in India
throughout the year offsetting a slowdown in China. Orders in China were lower in most end-user
segments mainly as business activity was hampered by pandemic-related measures, but also reflected
a challenging comparable due to strong order performance in 2021.

Order backlog

In 2022, order backlog increased 27 percent (33 percent in local currencies). Order backlog benefited
from strong order intake, but was also impacted by execution challenges caused by material shortages,
transportation constraints as well as pandemic-related production pressures in some local markets.

Revenues

In 2022, revenues increased 7 percent (14 percent in local currencies). Revenues in local currencies
increased in all Divisions reflecting the strong demand across regions and end-user segments, however
growth was still hampered by component shortages, logistics challenges and a tight labor market.
Pricing actions taken to mitigate increasing material, labor and transportation costs contributed
strongly to the higher revenue level and accounted for around three quarters of the revenue growth in
2022. The revenue growth was led by the E-mobility Division, mirroring the very high demand in this
segment. There was also strong double-digit revenue growth in local currencies in the Power
Conversion Division as well as in the Installation Products and Smart Power Divisions.

The geographic distribution of revenues for our Electrification Business Area was as follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Europe 4,544 4,628 4,190
The Americas 5,372 4,503 4,093

of which: United States 3,940 3,322 3,115
Asia, Middle East and Africa 4,189 4,056 3,641

of which: China 2,004 2,110 1,858
Total 14,105 13,187 11,924

In 2022, revenues in the Americas increased 19 percent (20 percent in local currencies) with widespread
regional growth. Revenues increased 3 percent (10 percent in local currencies) in Asia, Middle East and
Africa, supported by strong growth in India, while revenues in China were lower than the previous year.
Revenues in Europe decreased 2 percent, impacted by weakening currencies in many European
countries versus the U.S. dollar, while revenues in the region grew 13 percent in local currencies.

Income from operations

In 2022, income from operations increased 17 percent (28 percent in local currencies), supported by
higher volumes as well as strong price management, which helped offset the adverse impact from cost
inflation in raw materials, freight and labor. Benefits of savings realized from ongoing restructuring
and cost savings programs also positively influenced income from operations. Restructuring-related
expenses and implementation costs in our operating Divisions were lower in 2022 than in 2021, mainly
due to the substantial completion of the integration of GEIS, which we acquired in 2018. Also
contributing to the higher income from operations in 2022 compared to 2021 were higher gains from
net fair value increases in various equity investments, the most significant being InCharge Energy, Inc.,
as well as lower GEIS integration costs. These positive effects were partially dampened by widespread
inflationary cost pressures in 2022, as well as higher personnel expenses driven by a ramp-up of
manufacturing capacity to meet higher demand. Changes in foreign currencies, including the impacts
from FX/commodity timing differences summarized in the table below, negatively impacted income
from operations by approximately 6 percent.


--- Page 35 ---

40 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Operational EBITA

The reconciliation of Income from operations to Operational EBITA for the Electrification Business Area

was as follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Income from operations 2,159 1,841 1,335
Acquisition-related amortization 116 17 115
Restructuring, related and implementation costs 28 66 145
Changes in obligations related to divested businesses 1 _ 15
Changes in pre-acquisition estimates i (©) i
Gains and losses from sale of businesses q 13 4
Fair value adjustment on assets and liabilities held for sale — - 33
Favorable resolution of an uncertain purchase price adjustment = (5) (36)
Acquisition- and divestment-related expenses and integration costs 40 70 7
Changes in fair value of investments in equity securities (57) (15) —
Certain other non-operational items 33 15 9
FX/commodity timing differences in income from operations (2) 25 (21)
Operational EBITA 2,328 2,121 1,681
In 2022, Operational EBITA increased 10 percent (20 percent excluding the impact from changes in
foreign currency exchange rates) compared to 2021, primarily due to the reasons described under
“Income from operations”, excluding the explanations related to the reconciling items in the table
above.
Motion Business Area
The financial results of our Motion Business Area were as follows:
Orders and Revenues tom Sin Income from operations & Operational EBITA
$ inmilions millions Sinmilons
2.500 10,000 500 145%
2,400 140%
2,000 9,000 wt ¢
4,500 8,000 a = a! 16%
a | | | | | | | E *
500 6
ai a2 a3 a4 ai a2 a3 a4 a1 a2 a3 oF jaf, 2 98 OF QI a2 ae_at ar ae co as
2020 2021
—
% Change
($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021
Orders 7,896 7,616 6,574 4% 16%
Order backlog at December 31, 4,726 3,749 3,320 26% 13%
Revenues 6,745 6,925 6,409 (3)% 8%
Income from operations 1,092 3,276 989 (67)% 231%
Operational EBITA 1,163 1,183 1,075 (2)% 10%



--- Page 36 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022 41
Orders

In 2022, orders increased 4 percent (11 percent in local currencies) compared to 2021. Strong market
activity as well as effective price management offset negative impacts from both exchange rates and
the divestment in November 2021 of the Mechanical Power Transmission Division which negatively
impacted the growth rate by approximately 9 percent. The Business Area recorded strong double-digit
order growth in local currencies across all Divisions and in key customer segments and benefited from
strong order growth in the buildings segment (heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration)
as well as in rail, with solid demand recovery and high year-on-year growth in the chemical, and oil and
gas segments. Other segments supporting strong order development include metals, pulp and paper,
marine and other segments such as power generation (including wind), food and beverage, and mining.
The market shift towards carbon reduction, energy efficiency and digitalization continued to support
business growth.

The geographic distribution of orders for our Motion Business Area was as follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Europe 2,710 2,617 2,219
The Americas 2,583 2,677 2,276
of which: United Si Ss 2,128 2,200 1,897
Asia, Middle East and Africa 2,603 2,322 2,079
of which: China 1,314 1,232 1,077
Total 7,896 7,616 6,574

In 2022, orders increased 4 percent (18 percent in local currencies) in Europe as orders increased across
the region particularly in Turkiye, Italy, Sweden, Germany, France and Poland. In Asia, Middle East and
Africa, orders increased 12 percent (18 percent in local currencies) driven by growth in India, China and
Australia. In the Americas, orders decreased 4 percent (2 percent in local currencies) reflecting the
impact of the divestment of the Mechanical Power Transmission Division, which operated principally in
the United States.

Order backlog

Order backlog in 2022 increased 26 percent (33 percent in local currencies) compared to 2021 reaching
$4.7 billion. Order backlog increased across all Divisions and was driven mainly by the large orders
received in the long-cycle business. Additionally, supply chain constraints impacted customer
deliveries, particularly in the short-cycle business, further adding to the order backlog.

Revenues

In 2022, revenues declined 3 percent (up 5 percent in local currencies) compared to 2021, negatively
impacted by approximately 9 percent by the divestment of the Mechanical Power Transmission
Division in November 2021. The growth in the other Divisions was supported by strong demand and
solid price management particularly in the products business.

The geographic distribution of revenues for our Motion Business Area was as follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Europe 2,271 2,258 2,196
The Americas 2,208 2,396 2,225
of which: United States 1,823 1,974 1,867
Asia, Middle East and Africa 2,266 2,271 1,988
of which: China 1,245 1,256 1,040
Total 6,745 6,925 6,409

In 2022, revenues in Europe increased 1 percent (16 percent in local currencies) compared to 2021.
Revenue increases in local currencies were driven by Turkiye, Germany, the United Kingdom, Finland
and Italy while sales volumes declined in Poland, Switzerland and Austria. In Asia, Middle East and Africa
revenues were flat (up 6 percent in local currencies) as revenue growth in India and China was partly
offset by declines in Australia and Japan. In the Americas, revenues decreased 8 percent (7 percent in
local currencies) impacted by the divestment of the Mechanical Power Transmission Division, which
was partially offset by growth in the U.S., particularly in the book-and-bill business in the NEMA Motors
Division.


--- Page 37 ---

42 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
Income from operations

In 2022, income from operations declined 67 percent compared to 2021 as the previous year included a
gain of $2,195 million on the sale of the Mechanical Power Transmission Division. Excluding this gain,
income from operations increased 1 percent as higher volume in 2022 offset the impact of the
divestment. The higher revenues reflected strong demand and active price management during 2022
which more than offset increasing commodities and freight expenses and other cost inflation.
Profitability was also supported by continued cost discipline, focus on operational performance and a
positive divisional mix. Changes in foreign currencies, including the impacts from FX/commodity
timing differences summarized in the table below, negatively impacted income from operations by
approximately 4 percent.

Operational EBITA

The reconciliation of Income from operations to Operational EBITA for the Motion Business Area was as
follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Income from operations 1,092 3,276 989
Acquisition-related amortization 31 43 52
Restructuring, related and implementation costs 16 22 44
Gains and losses from sale of businesses 8 (2,196) =
Acquisition- and divestment-related expenses and integration costs 15 26 =
Certain other non-operational items = 1 wv
FX/commodity timing differences in income from operations 1 u (1)
Operational EBITA 1,163 1,183 1,075

In 2022, Operational EBITA decreased 2 percent (increased 6 percent excluding the impact from
changes in foreign currency exchange rates) compared to 2021, primarily due to the reasons described
under “Income from operations”, excluding the explanations related to the reconciling items in the
table above.

Process Automation Business Area

The financial results of our Process Automation Business Area were as follows:

Orders and Revenues Income from operations & Operational EBITA
12M Sin
$ in millions millions $ in millions
2,000 7,500 20%
300
7,000 15%6
1,500
200
6,600 1086
1,000
6,000 700 5%
500 9,500 ° ft 0%
Qt Q2 G3 Qs Qt a2 a8 as at a a at Qi a2 a at at a2 as a ai a2 aa a
2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022
Orders op al EBITA

ees Revenues mm Icon
(Orders 12M rolling

from operations
Income from operations %

% Change
($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021
Orders 6,825 6,779 6,144 1% 10%
Order backlog at December 31, 6,229 6,079 5,805 2% 5%
Revenues 6,044 6,259 5,792 (3)% 8%
Income from operations 663 713 344 (% 107%

Operational EBITA 848 801 451 6% 78%


--- Page 38 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022 43
Orders

In 2022, orders increased 1 percent (8 percent in local currencies) compared to 2021. Order growth was
impacted approximately 3 percent due to the spin-off of the Turbocharging Division. Orders grew in all
Divisions and were especially strong in the Measurement & Analytics and Process Industries Divisions.
Strong demand was seen for the product, systems and service businesses and supported by most
customer segments. Demand was particularly strong in sectors such as chemicals and refining, with
positive developments also recorded in the areas of mining, metals, and oil and gas, including the
liquefied natural gas sector. Customer activities increased in power generation, pulp and paper, and
ports segments, whereas demand in marine was lower. Customer interest was high in the hydrogen
segment, which remains a small but growing part of the business.

The geographic distribution of orders for our Process Automation Business Area was as follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Europe 2,361 2,614 2,365,
The Americas 1,994 1,645 1,360

of which: United States 1,201 1,047 770
Asia, Middle East and Africa 2,470 2,520 2,419

of which: China 748 821 590
Total 6,825 6,779 6,144

Orders in Europe decreased 10 percent (increased 2 percent in local currencies). In local currencies and
excluding the impact of the spin-off of the Turbocharging Division, orders increased in Poland, Norway,
the Netherlands and the United Kingdom while orders decreased in Russia where the ABB Group is
winding down remaining business activities and Germany where a customer bankruptcy resulted in an
order reversal of approximately $170 million. Orders in Asia, Middle East and Africa decreased 2 percent
(increased 5 percent in local currencies). Higher orders in India, South Korea, Singapore and Saudi
Arabia were partly offset by lower order volumes in China and Australia both of which had a higher
order intake in 2021. In the Americas, orders increased 21 percent (23 percent in local currencies)
supported by strong demand in the U.S., Canada, Argentina and Brazil.

Order backlog

In 2022, order backlog increased 2 percent (8 percent in local currencies) compared to 2021. Order
backlog increased in all Divisions due to strong order intake during 2022.

Revenues

In 2022, revenues decreased 3 percent (increased 4 percent in local currencies) compared to 2021 due
to foreign currency translation and the impact from the spin-off of the Turbocharging Division
business. Revenues increased in all Divisions, reflecting strong execution of the order backlog in the
long-cycle businesses and strong underlying demand that was partially held back by challenges from
supply chain constraints which hampered customer deliveries.

The geographic distribution of revenues for our Process Automation Business Area was as follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Europe 2,266 2,439 2,395
The Americas 1,569 1,439 1,329

of which: United States 943 836 808
Asia, Middle East and Africa 2,209 2,381 2,068

of which: China 668 742 629
Total 6,044 6,259 5,792

In 2022, revenues were 7 percent lower (1 percent in local currencies) in Asia, Middle East and Africa,

9 percent higher (11 percent in local currencies) in the Americas and 7 percent lower (5 percent higher in
local currencies) in Europe compared to 2021. In Asia, Middle East and Africa, revenues were higher in
India and Australia but declined in China, Singapore and South Korea. In the Americas, revenue growth
was driven by the U.S. and Argentina while revenues in Brazil were steady. Growth in Europe was
reported in key markets including Italy, Germany, France, Norway and the United Kingdom.


--- Page 39 ---

44 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
Income from operations

In 2022, income from operations decreased 7 percent compared to 2021 driven largely by unfavorable
foreign currency exchange changes and the impact of the spin-off of the Turbocharging Division.
Excluding these impacts, all Divisions reported higher operating income. In local currencies, income
growth was driven by higher revenue volumes, operational improvements in project execution, a
favorable business mix and discipline in cost controls. The impact from inflation on costs was offset by
pricing actions taken to secure gross margin levels, mainly in the short-cycle business. Changes in
foreign currencies, including the effect from changes in the FX/commodity timing differences
summarized in the table below, negatively impacted income from operations by approximately

10 percent.

Operational EBITA

The reconciliation of Income from operations to Operational EBITA for the Process Automation
Business Area was as follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Income from operations 663 713 344
Acquisition-related amortization 4 5 4
Restructuring, related and implementation costs 29 48 125
Gains and losses from sale of businesses = (13) =
Acquisition- and divestment-related expenses and integration costs 134 35 2
Certain other non-operational items = 1 1
FX/commodity timing differences in income from operations 18 12 (25)
Operational EBITA 848 801 451

In 2022, Operational EBITA increased 6 percent (15 percent excluding the impact from changes in
foreign currency exchange rates) compared to 2021, primarily due to the reasons described under
“Income from operations”, excluding the explanations related to the reconciling items in the table
above.

Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Area

The financial results of our Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Area were as follows:

Orders and Revenues 12M $ Income from operations & Operational EBITA
$inmillions

4,200

$ in millions

120 15%

80

“tlh liil
00 ; I I

000 “15%
600 0
+
, 240 20%
“eo Qi Q2 Q3 Q4 Qt Q2 Q3 Q4 Qi G2 Q3 a4 Pome Or OF 8 OF aN OR OS Ok OR GS Od
2020 2021 2022 2020 poet 2022

Orders
mms Rovonues
Orders 12M rolling

Operational EBITA
mmm Income from operations
Income from operations %

% Change
($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021
Orders 4,116 3,844 2,868 7% 34%
Order backlog at December 31, 2,679 1,919 1,403 40% 37%
Revenues 3,181 3,297 2,907 (4)% 13%
Income (loss) from operations 247 269 (163) (8)% na.

Operational EBITA 340 355, 237 (4)% 50%


--- Page 40 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022 45
Orders

In 2022, orders increased 7 percent (16 percent in local currencies). Both the Robotics and the Machine
Automation Divisions contributed to the robust order growth driven by positive developments in both
volumes and pricing, reflecting strong demand across all regions and most of the customer segments.
In the automotive sector, demand was particularly driven by EV investments. Strength was also noted
in the automotive-related sectors, general industry, machine builders and electronics market sectors. In
addition to strong underlying market demand, the order intake was also supported by customers
placing orders early in an effort to secure deliveries in an environment with a generally tight supply
chain, especially earlier in the year. As supply chain constraints progressively eased over the year,
customer order patterns tended to normalize.

The geographic distribution of orders for our Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Area was as
follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Europe 2,043 1,978 1,424
The Americas 609 530 388

of which: United States 404 371 277
Asia, Middle East and Africa 1,464 1,336 1,056

of which: China 1,151 976 781
Total 4,116 3,844 2,868

In 2022, orders increased in all regions. Orders in Europe increased 3 percent (16 percent in local
currencies) driven by increased demand, mainly in Germany. Orders in the Americas increased

15 percent (15 percent in local currencies) compared to 2021, driven by strong order intake in the U.S. in
the Robotics Division. Orders in Asia, Middle East and Africa increased 10 percent (15 percent in local
currencies) with strong demand in the Robotics Division in China.

Order backlog

In 2022, order backlog increased 40 percent (49 percent in local currencies) compared to 2021. Order
backlog increased in both Divisions. The order backlog benefited from strong order intake, despite our
selectivity of orders in the automotive EV segment and also reflected customer deliveries being
hampered by material shortages, transportation constraints as well as pandemic-related production
pressures in some local markets.

Revenues

In 2022, revenues decreased 4 percent (increased 5 percent in local currencies) compared to 2021.
Revenues increased in both Divisions due to higher volumes from book-and-bill business and price
increases to compensate for higher input expenses. However, growth in the first half of the year was
hindered by component shortages (primarily related to semiconductors) and logistic challenges.
Additionally, the COVID-19 related shutdown of the robotics factory in Shanghai, China, in April, with
the subsequent gradual ramp up of production during May, had a significant impact on customer
deliveries in the second quarter. Service revenues also increased, driven by strong demand from all
industry segments.

The geographic distribution of revenues for our Robotics & Discrete Automation Business Area was as
follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Europe 1,498 1,582 1,481
The Americas 525 441 389

of which: United States 374 309 273
Asia, Middle East and Africa 1,158 1,274 1,037

of which: China 898 950 719
Total 3,181 3,297 2,907

Revenues from Asia, Middle East and Africa decreased 9 percent (decreased 4 percent in local
currencies) compared to 2021 due to the impact from the factory shutdown in Shanghai, China,
described above. Revenues in Europe decreased 5 percent (increased 8 percent in local currencies) with
Austria, Italy and the Czech Republic performing strongly while revenues declined in the United
Kingdom. In the Americas, revenues increased 19 percent (increased 19 percent in local currencies) due
to strong demand in both Divisions in the U.S. and in the Robotics Division in Brazil, following the
recovery from the lower levels in 2021.


--- Page 41 ---

46 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
Income (loss) from operations

In 2022, the Business Area recorded income from operations of $247 million compared to $269 million
in 2021, with both Divisions contributing to the higher income level. The operational performance in
2022 reflected improved sales volumes, price increases, a favorable change in the revenue mix, and the
benefit of cost reduction measures taken in the second half of 2022. These positive drivers were
partially offset by widespread inflationary cost pressures in 2022 as well as under absorption of fixed
costs due to volumes being hampered by component shortages, particularly in the first half of the year.
Changes in foreign currencies, including the impacts from FX/commodity timing differences
summarized in the table below, negatively impacted income from operations by approximately

14 percent.

Operational EBITA

The reconciliation of Income (loss) from operations to Operational EBITA for the Robotics & Discrete
Automation Business Area was as follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Income (loss) from operations 247 269 (163)
Acquisition-related amortization 78 83 78
Restructuring, related and implementation costs n 7 26
Changes in pre-acquisition estimates @ = =
Favorable resolution of an uncertain purchase price adjustment (15) = =
Acquisition- and divestment-related expenses and integration costs 6 1 =
Impairment of goodwill = = 290
Certain other non-operational items 8 = 5
FX/commodity timing differences in income from operations 6 ©) 1
Operational EBITA 340 355 237

In 2022, Operational EBITA decreased 4 percent (increased 8 percent excluding the impact from
changes in foreign currency exchange rates) compared to 2021, primarily due to the reasons described
under “Income (loss) from operations”, excluding the explanations related to the reconciling items in
the table above.

Corporate and Other

Net loss from operations for Corporate and Other was as follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Corporate headquarters and stewardship (430) (399) (334)
Regulatory penalty in connection with Kusile project (313) — -
Loss from equity-accounted companies (101) (102) (68)
Other corporate costs (25) (29) (65)
Corporate brand income from Hitachi Energy 57 89 60
Net gain (loss) from sale of businesses 43 (3) 2
Corporate real estate 66 41 54
Restructuring costs in Corporate = (5) (46)
Fair value adjustment on equity securities (4) 94 71
OS implementation costs = — (24)
Digital program costs = — (45)
Corporate research and development = — (49)
Costs for divestment of Power Grids = _ (86)
Stranded corporate costs = a (40)
Divested businesses and other non-core activities (117) (67) (342)

Total Corporate and Other (824) (381) (912)

@ remaining 19.9

ment in Hitachi Energy Ltd


--- Page 42 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022 47

In 2022, the net loss from operations within Corporate and Other increased by $443 million to

$824 million compared to 2021. This increase was driven by costs associated with regulatory penalties
assessed in connection with the Kusile project, restructuring expenses in connection with the exit of
the full train retrofit business and lower gains for fair value adjustments on equity investments. Partly
offsetting these negative impacts was the reversal of a provision that we had previously recorded
related to one of our divested businesses and the gain in December 2022 from the sale of the
remaining 19.9 percent of Hitachi Energy to Hitachi.

Corporate

In 2022, Corporate headquarters and stewardship costs increased by $31 million, mainly due to higher
external consulting costs as part of the implementation of the ABB Way operating model. Excluding
this, Corporate headquarters and stewardship costs were lower, supported by lower costs especially in
the corporate legal function.

During 2022, we did not have any significant revaluations of equity investments while in 2021 we
recognized gains of $94 million for investments in our corporate equity ventures portfolio.

Corporate brand income results from the granting of use of the ABB Brand to Hitachi Energy, the fair
value of which was initially determined on the date of the divestment of the former Power Grids
business in 2020. A portion of the proceeds received for the sale was allocated to the fair value of the
granting of the use of the brand and is being amortized over the expected period of benefit received by
Hitachi Energy.

Corporate real estate primarily includes income and expenses from property rentals and gains from the
sale of real estate properties. In 2022, income from operations in corporate real estate included gains
from the sale of real estate properties of approximately $73 million compared to $22 million in 2021.

Other corporate costs consists of operational costs of our Corporate Treasury Operations and other
minor items including changes of the elimination related to internal profit of inventory.

Other - Divested businesses and other non-core activities

The results of operations for certain divested businesses and other non-core activities are presented in
Corporate and Other. Divested businesses include the high-voltage cables business, steel structures
business and the oil & gas EPC business. Other continuing non-core activities include the execution and
wind-down of certain legacy EPC and other contracts.

In 2022 and 2021, the amounts represent charges and losses relating to divested businesses and the
winding down of the remaining EPC projects. In 2022, we recorded a restructuring expense of

$195 million in connection with the exit of the full train retrofit business primarily for contract
settlement costs. This was offset in part by the reversal of a provision of $61 million that we had
previously recorded related to one of our divested businesses based on a settlement proposal issued
by the ruling court. In 2021, we recorded losses of $67 million which were mostly related to the full train
retrofit business but also related to legacy EPC projects and the divested oil & gas EPC business.

At December 31, 2022, our remaining non-core activities primarily include the completion of the
remaining EPC contracts for substations and oil & gas.

Liquidity and capital resources

Principal sources of funding

We meet our liquidity needs principally using cash from operations, proceeds from the issuance of debt
instruments (bonds and commercial paper), and short-term bank borrowings. In 2022, we also received
significant funds from the sale of our remaining investment in Hitachi Energy which was sold in
December 2022.


--- Page 43 ---

48 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Our net debt/cash is shown in the table below:

December 31, ($ in millions) 2022 2021
Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt 2,535 1,384
Long-term debt 5,143 4,177
Cash and equivalents (4,156) (4,159)
Restricted cash - current (18) (30)
Marketable securities and short-term investments (725) (1,170)
Restricted cash - non-current = (300)

Net debt (cash) (defined as the sum of the above lines) 2,779 (98)

During 2022, cash generation from operating activities was lower than in 2021 while we increased our
total cash payments to shareholders in the form of dividends and purchases of treasury stock. These
factors were the primary contributors to the change in net debt as presented in the table above.

During 2022, we changed from a net cash position of $98 million at December 31, 2021, to anet debt
position of $2,779 million at December 31, 2022. The effect of the exchange rate movements reduced
net debt by approximately $30 million. In 2022, we received net proceeds of $1,552 million for the sale
of our remaining investment in Hitachi Energy. We generated cash flows from operating activities
during 2022 of $1,287 million and sold treasury stock in relation to our employee share plans for

$394 million. We also issued shares in our subsidiary ABB E-Mobility to third parties in private
placements for $216 million. These items were more than offset by amounts for purchases of treasury
shares of $3,553 million, including $2,891 million relating to the announced buybacks of our shares, as
well as $1,698 million for the payment of the dividend to our shareholders. We made net purchases of
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of $635 million and made payments of dividends
to noncontrolling shareholders totaling $99 million. See “Financial position”, “Investing activities” and
“Financing activities” for further details.

Our Corporate Treasury Operations is responsible for providing a range of treasury management
services to our group companies, including investing cash in excess of current business requirements.
At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the proportion of our aggregate “Cash and equivalents” (including
restricted cash) and “Marketable securities and short-term investments” managed by our Corporate
Treasury Operations amounted to approximately 51 percent and 44 percent, respectively.

Our investment strategy for cash (in excess of current business requirements) has generally been to
invest in short-term time deposits with maturities of less than 3 months, supplemented at times by
investments in money market funds, and in some cases, government securities. We actively monitor
credit risk in our investment and derivative portfolios. Credit risk exposures are controlled in
accordance with policies approved by our senior management to identify, measure, monitor and
control credit risks. We have minimum rating requirements for our counterparts and closely monitor
developments in the credit markets making appropriate changes to our investment policy as deemed
necessary. In addition to minimum rating criteria, we have strict investment parameters and specific
approved instruments as well as restrictions on the types of investments we make. These parameters
are closely monitored on an ongoing basis and amended as we consider necessary.

Our cash is held in various currencies around the world. Approximately 41 percent of our cash and
equivalents held at December 31, 2022, was in U.S. dollars, while the most significant foreign currencies
in which cash and equivalents was held was euros (21 percent) and Indian rupees (10 percent).

We believe the ongoing cash flows generated from our business, supplemented, when necessary,
through access to the capital markets (including short-term commercial paper) and our credit facilities
are sufficient to support business operations, capital expenditures, business acquisitions, the payment
of dividends to shareholders and contributions to pension plans. Consequently, we believe that our
ability to obtain funding from these sources will continue to provide the cash flows necessary to satisfy
our working capital and capital expenditure requirements, as well as meet our debt repayments and
other financial commitments for the next 12 months. See “Contractual obligations and commitments”.

Due to the nature of our operations, including the timing of annual incentive payments to employees,
our cash flow from operations generally tends to be weaker in the first half of the year than in the
second half of the year.


--- Page 44 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022 49
Debt and interest rates

Total outstanding debt was as follows:

December 31, ($ in millions) 2022 2021
Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt 2,535 1,384
Long-term debt:
Bonds 4,944 3,984
Other long-term debt 199 193
Total debt 7,678 5,561

The increase in short-term debt in 2022 was due primarily to the increase in commercial paper
outstanding offset partially by a reduction in Current maturities of long-term debt.

At December 31, 2022, Long-term debt was $966 million higher compared to the end of 2021 due to the
issuance of five new instruments which remain classified as Long-term debt at December 31, 2022
(EUR 700 million 0.625% Instruments due 2024, EUR 500 million floating rate Instruments due 2024,
CHF 150 million 2.1% Bonds due 2025, CHF 425 million 0.75% Bonds due 2027 and CHF 150 million
2.375% Bonds due 2030) offset partially by the reclassification to current of the EUR 700 million 0.625%
Instruments, due 2023. The increase in interest rates also resulted in a reduction in our long-term debt
of approximately $200 million due to the application of fair value hedge accounting on certain
outstanding instruments.

Our debt has been obtained in a range of currencies and maturities and with various interest rate
terms. For certain of our debt obligations, we use derivatives to manage the fixed interest rate
exposure. For example, we use interest rate swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps to
effectively convert fixed rate debt into floating rate liabilities. After considering the effects of interest
rate swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps, at December 31, 2022, the effective average interest
rate on our floating rate long-term debt (including current maturities) of $3,459 million and our fixed
rate long-term debt (including current maturities) of $2,771 million was 2.8 percent and 2.2 percent,
respectively. This compares with an effective rate of 0.3 percent for floating rate long-term debt of
$3,598 million and 3.1 percent for fixed rate long-term debt of $1,885 million at December 31, 2021.

For a discussion of our use of derivatives to modify the interest characteristics of certain of our
individual bond issuances, see “Note 12 - Debt” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Credit facility

In December 2019, we replaced our previous multicurrency revolving credit facility with a new $2 billion
multicurrency revolving credit facility, maturing in 2024. In 2021 we exercised our option to further
extend the maturity to 2026. No amount was drawn under the facility at December 31, 2022 and 2021.
The facility is available for general corporate purposes and contains cross-default clauses whereby an
event of default would occur if we were to default on indebtedness, as defined in the facility, at or
above a specified threshold.

The credit facility does not contain financial covenants that would restrict our ability to pay dividends
or raise additional funds in the capital markets. For further details of the credit facility, see “Note 12 -
Debt” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Commercial paper

At December 31, 2022, we had two commercial paper programs in place:

* a $2 billion commercial paper program for the private placement of U.S. dollar denominated
commercial paper in the United States, and

* a $2 billion Euro-commercial paper program for the issuance of commercial paper in a variety of
currencies.

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no amount outstanding under the $2 billion program in the
United States.

At December 31, 2022, $1,383 million was outstanding under the $2 billion Euro-commercial paper
program. There was no amount outstanding at December 31, 2021.


--- Page 45 ---

50 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
European program for the issuance of debt

The European program for the issuance of debt allows the issuance of up to the equivalent of $8 billion
in certain debt instruments. The terms of the program do not obligate any third party to extend credit
to us and the terms and possibility of issuing any debt under the program are determined with respect
to, and as of the date of issuance of, each debt instrument. At December 31, 2022, five bonds (principal
amount of EUR 700 million, due in 2023, principal amount of EUR 700 million, due in 2024, principal
amount of EUR 500 million, due in 2024, principal amount of EUR 750 million, due in 2024, and principal
amount of EUR 800 million, due in 2030) having a combined carrying amount of $3,444 million were
outstanding under the program. The carrying amount of the three bonds outstanding under the
program at December 31, 2021, was $2,522 million.

Credit ratings

Credit ratings are assessments by the rating agencies of the credit risk associated with ABB and are
based on information provided by us or other sources that the rating agencies consider reliable. Higher
ratings generally result in lower borrowing costs and increased access to capital markets. Our ratings
are of “investment grade” which is defined as Baa3 (or above) from Moody's and BBB- (or above) from
Standard & Poor's.

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our long-term debt was rated A3 by Moody’s and currently with a Stable
outlook. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our long-term debt was rated A- by Standard & Poor’s and
currently with a Stable outlook.

Limitations on transfers of funds

Currency and other local regulatory limitations related to the transfer of funds exist ina number of
countries where we operate or otherwise have bank deposits, including: China, Egypt, India, Malaysia,
the Russian Federation, South Africa, South Korea, Taiwan (Chinese Taipei), Thailand, Turkiye and
Vietnam. Funds, other than regular dividends, fees or loan repayments, cannot be readily transferred
offshore from these countries and are therefore deposited and used for working capital needs in those
countries. In addition, there are certain countries where, for tax reasons, it is not considered optimal to
transfer the cash offshore. As a consequence, these funds are not available within our Corporate
Treasury Operations to meet short-term cash obligations outside the relevant country. The above
described funds are reported as cash in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, but we do not consider these
funds immediately available for the repayment of debt outside the respective countries where the cash
is situated, including those described above. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of “Cash and
equivalents” and “Marketable securities and other short-term investments” under such limitations
(either regulatory or sub-optimal from a tax perspective) totaled approximately $1,381 million and
$2,074 million, respectively.

During 2022, we continued to direct our subsidiaries in countries with restrictions to place such cash
with our core banks or investment grade banks, in order to minimize credit risk on such cash positions.
We continue to closely monitor the situation to ensure bank counterparty risks are minimized.


--- Page 46 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022 51

Financial position

Balance sheets

December 31, ($ in millions) 2022 2021 % Change
Current assets

Cash and equivalents 4,156 4,159 0%
Restricted cash 18 30 (40)%
Marketable securities and short-term investments 725 1,170 (38)%
Receivables, net 6,858 6,551 5%
Contract assets 954 990 (4)%
Inventories, net 6,028 4,880 24%
Prepaid expenses 230 206 12%
Other current assets 505, 573 (12)%
Current assets held for sale and in discontinued operations 96 136 (29)%

Total current assets 19,570 18,695 5%

For a discussion on Cash and equivalents, see sections “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Principal
sources of funding” and “Cash flows” for further details.

Marketable securities and short-term investments decreased in 2022. The change primarily reflects
lower amounts placed in bank time deposits and a reduction in amounts placed in money market funds
classified as equity securities (see “Note 5 - Cash and equivalents, marketable securities and short-
term investments” to our Consolidated Financial Statements).

Receivables, net, increased 5 percent (12 percent in local currencies) reflecting the higher revenues (due
to both higher business volumes and higher prices) at the end of 2022 compared to 2021. Receivables
also decreased 3 percent due to the spin-off of the Turbocharging Division.

Contract assets decreased 4 percent (increased 2 percent in local currencies). Contract assets
decreased 2 percent due to the spin-off of the Turbocharging Division with the remaining local
currency increase of 4 percent reflecting higher levels of business activity at the end of 2022 compared
to 2021.

Inventories, net, increased 24 percent (32 percent in local currencies) and were significantly higher in all
inventory categories. A portion of this increase reflects higher business activities at the end of 2022
compared to 2021 as well as higher inventories in order to fulfil the higher order backlog. We also had a
significant build-up in the amount of raw materials as well as cost increases for materials. Supply chain
challenges and shortages in the availability of some items have created the need for our businesses to
stockpile certain key components. These challenges have also resulted in some delays in completing
and delivering finished goods. The impact of the spin-off of the Turbocharging Division was a
reduction of Inventories, net, of 3 percent.

Current assets held for sale and in discontinued operations decreased to $96 million from $136 million.
These amounts primarily relate to working capital for certain contracts relating to the former Power
Grids business which remain with ABB and are being executed over time for the direct benefit of
Hitachi Energy. For the details of the assets of the Power Grids business see “Note 3 - Discontinued
operations” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

December 31, ($ in millions) 2022 2021 % Change
Current liabilities

Accounts payable, trade 4,904 4,921 0%
Contract liabilities 2,216 1,894 17%
Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt 2,535 1,384 83%
Current operating leases 220 230 (4)%
Provisions for warranties 1,028 1,005 2%
Other provisions 1171 1,386 (16)%
Other current liabilities 4,323 4,367 ()%
Current liabilities held for sale and in discontinued operations 132 381 (65)%

Total current liabilities 16,529 15,568 6%



--- Page 47 ---

52 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Accounts payable, trade, remained flat (increase 6 percent in local currencies) while the spin-off of the
Turbocharging Division reduced the balance by 2 percent. The local currency increase reflects higher
inventory purchases but the increase was muted as payment terms with suppliers have become
somewhat less favorable in a constrained supply chain environment.

Contract liabilities increased 17 percent (increased 24 percent in local currency) reflecting higher levels
of business activity at the end of 2022 compared to 2021. The spin-off of the Turbocharging Division
reduced the amount by 1 percent.

The increase in short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt in 2022 was due to an
increase of commercial paper borrowings under the Euro-commercial paper program and the
reclassification to current of the EUR 700 million 0.625% Instruments, due 2023, offset partially by the
repayment at maturity of the USD 1,250 million 2.875% Notes, due 2022.

Current operating leases includes the portion of the operating lease liabilities that are due to be paidin
the next 12 months. For asummary of operating lease liabilities, see “Note 14 - Leases” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Provisions for warranties increased 2 percent (7 percent in local currencies). The spin-off of the
Turbocharging Division reduced the amount by 2 percent. The local currency increase reflects the
higher provisioning in 2022 on increased revenues as well as increases in expected costs for certain
newer product lines. For details on the change in the Provisions for warranties, see “Note 15 -
Commitments and contingencies” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Current liabilities held for sale and in discontinued operations decreased to $132 million from

$381 million. The decrease included the settlement of $136 million for certain indemnification
guarantees which were provided in connection with the original sale of the Power Grids business to
Hitachi. The remaining amounts primarily relate to certain working capital balances of the former
Power Grids business as described above.

December 31, ($ in millions) 2022 2021 % Change

Non-current assets

Restricted cash, non-current = 300 (100)%
Property, plant and equipment, net 3,911 4,045 (3)%
Operating lease right-of-use assets 841 895, (©)%
Investments in equity-accounted companies 130 1,670 (92)%
Prepaid pension and other employee benefits 916 892 3%
Intangible assets, net 1,406 1,561 (10)%
Goodwill 10,511 10,482 0%
Deferred taxes 1,396 1177 19%
Other non-current assets 467 543 (14)%
Total non-current assets 19,578 21,565 (2)%

The non-current Restricted cash at December 31, 2021, related to certain amounts received on the initial
sale of the Power Grids business in 2020 which were placed in escrow, pending resolution of certain of
our contractual obligations to Hitachi. See “Note 3 - Discontinued operations” to our Consolidated
Financial Statements. In connection with the sale of the remaining ownership in Hitachi Energy to
Hitachi in December 2022, the restrictions on the bank account where this cash was deposited were
removed.

In 2022, Property, plant and equipment, net, decreased 3 percent (increased 2 percent in local
currencies). The spin-off of the Turbocharging Division reduced this balance by 4 percent.

In 2022, Goodwill remained flat (increased 2 percent in local currencies). The local currency increase
primarily reflects the purchase of In-Charge.

Intangible assets, net, decreased 10 percent (8 percent in local currencies). Acquisitions of businesses,
primarily In-Charge, increased Intangible assets, net, by 5 percent. For additional information on
goodwill and intangible assets see “Note 11 - Goodwill and intangible assets” to our Consolidated
Financial Statements.

The balance for Investment in equity-accounted companies at December 31, 2021, primarily
represented our remaining 19.9 percent interest in the Hitachi Energy joint venture. We sold this
remaining interest in December 2022. For additional information on investments in equity-accounted
companies see “Note 4 - Acquisitions, divestments and equity-accounted companies” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.


--- Page 48 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022 53

Prepaid pension and other employee benefits increased 3 percent (6 percent in local currencies). The
spin-off of the Turbocharging Division reduced this balance by 10 percent. For additional information
on Pension and employee benefits see “Note 17 - Employee benefits” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

In 2022, Deferred taxes increased 19 percent (26 percent in local currencies). For details on deferred tax
assets see “Note 16 - Income taxes” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

December 31, ($ in millions) 2022 2021 % Change
Non-current liabilities

Long-term debt 5,143 4,177 23%
Non-current operating leases 651 689 (6)%
Pension and other employee benefits 719 1,025 (30)%
Deferred taxes 729 685 6%
Other non-current liabilities 2,085 2,116 ()%
Non-current liabilities held for sale and in discontinued operations 20 43 (53)%

Total non-current lial 9,347 8,735 7%

Long-term debt increased 23 percent. The balance at December 31, 2022, includes five instruments
newly issued in 2022: i) EUR 700 million 0.625% Instruments due 2024, ii) EUR 500 million floating rate
Instruments due 2024, iii) CHF 150 million 2.1% Bonds due 2025, iv) CHF 425 million 0.75% Bonds due
2027 and v) CHF 150 million 2.375% Bonds due 2030. This was partially offset by the reclassification to
current of the EUR 700 million 0.625% Instruments, due 2023, as well as a reduction of 5 percent in
reported amounts due to fair value hedge accounting adjustments. Foreign currency movements also
reduced the balance by 3 percent over the year. For additional information on Long-term debt, see
“Liquidity and Capital Resources—Debt and interest rates” as well as “Note 12 - Debt” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Non-current operating leases includes the portion of the operating lease liabilities that are due to be
paid in more than 12 months.

Pension and employee benefits decreased 30 percent (26 percent in local currencies). For additional
information on Pension and employee benefits see “Note 17 - Employee benefits” to our Consolidated
Financial Statements.

For a breakdown of Other non-current liabilities, see “Note 13 - Other provisions, other current
liabilities and other non-current liabilities” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Non-current liabilities held for sale and in discontinued operations relate to the sale in 2020 of the
Power Grids business. For the details of the liabilities of the Power Grids business see “Note 3 -
Discontinued operations” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Cash flows

The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are shown on a continuing operations basis, with the
effects of discontinued operations shown in aggregate for each major cash flow activity and also
include the impact from changes in restricted cash.

The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows can be summarized as follows:

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Net cash provided by operating activities 1,287 3,330 1,693
Net cash provided by investing activities 981 2,307 6,760
Net cash used in financing activities (2,394) (4,968) (8,175)
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents (189) (81) 79

Net change in cash and equivalents and restricted cash (315) 588 357


--- Page 49 ---

54 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

Operating activities

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020

Net income 2,594 4,650 5,205
Loss (income) from discontinued operations, net of tax 43 80 (4,860)
Depreciation and amortization 814 893 915
Total adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by

operating activities (excluding depreciation and amortization) (434) (2,593) 263
Total changes in operating assets and liabilities (1,683) 308 352

Net cash provided by operating activities
iscontinued operations (47) (8) (182)

ontinuing operations 1,334 3,338 1,875

Net cash used in operating activitie:

Cash flows from operating activities in continuing operations in 2022 provided net cash of

$1,334 million, a decrease of 60 percent compared to 2021 of which 7 percent was due to movements in
exchange rates. In addition, in 2022, we had lower cash effective net income (i.e. net income from
continuing operations adjusted for depreciation, amortization and other non-cash items) partially due
to costs associated with business transformation activities, higher costs relating to business
restructuring and costs for the spin-off of the Turbocharging Division and other business portfolio
transactions. In 2022, this reduction was also impacted by payments of approximately $315 million in
relation to regulatory penalties for the Kusile project.

In 2022, an increase in both business volumes and inflation-driven cost and price changes resulted in
growth in our working capital. Changes in operating assets and liabilities reflected a high buildup of
inventory with a less favorable timing of inventory payments, an increase in amounts receivable from
customers as well as the timing of payments for accrued liabilities, including higher employee bonuses
paid in 2022 compared to 2021. Cash paid for income taxes decreased to $1,188 million from

$1,292 million, reflecting the higher current income taxes in 2021, including tax impacts from the sales
of businesses. In 2022 and 2021, there were no significant cash flows from operating activities of
discontinued operations.

Investing activities

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Purchases of investments. (321) (1,528) (5,933)
Purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (762) (820) (694)
Acquisition of businesses (net of cash acquired) and

increases in cost- and equity-accounted companies (288) (241) (121)
Proceeds from sales of investments 697 2,272 4,341
Proceeds from maturity of investments 73 81 i
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment 127 93 14
Proceeds from sales of businesses (net of transaction costs and cash

disposed) and cost- and equity-accounted companies 1,541 2,958 (136)
Net cash from settlement of foreign currency derivatives (166) (121) 138
Changes in loans receivable, net 320 (19) @)
Other investing activities (14) (4) li
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities — continuing

operations 1,207 2,671 (2,272)

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities — discontinued
operations (226) (364) 9,032

Net cash provided by investing activities for continuing operations in 2022 was $1,207 million
compared to $2,671 million during 2021, a decrease of $1,464 million. In 2022, we received net proceeds
in connection with the sale of our remaining equity-method investment in Hitachi Energy of

$1,552 million. In addition, included in Changes in loans receivable, net, are funds collected from a
subsidiary of Accelleron in October 2022, related to a short-term intercompany loan granted in
anticipation of the Turbocharging Division spin off. In 2021, we received proceeds of $2,958 million in
connection with sales of businesses, primarily from the sale of the Dodge business.


--- Page 50 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022 55

The following presents purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets by
significant asset category:

Construction in progress 540 479 493
Purchase of machinery and equipment 127 150 134
Purchase of land and buildings 26 158 17
Purchase of intangible assets 69 33 50
Purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 762 820 694

Cash expenditures for acquisitions of businesses in 2022 primarily reflects the amount paid to acquire
In-Charge while the amount in 2021 primarily reflects the acquisition of ASTI.

Cash flows used in investing activities for discontinued operations includes amounts relating to the
original sale of the Power Grids business to Hitachi. We sold this business in 2020 and reported net
cash proceeds of $9,168 million in that year. Certain amounts related to the purchase price were
subject to adjustment, including the final settlement for working capital balances as well as other
payments which were contractually due to be transferred to Hitachi in periods after the initial sale. In
2022 and 2021, these uncertain elements of the purchase price, including the original indemnification
guarantees, were finalized and we made payments related to the purchase price and certain other
obligations totaling $227 million and $364 million, respectively.

Financing activities

($ in millions) 2022 2021 2020
Net changes in debt with maturities of 90 days or less 1,366 (83) (587)
Increase in debt 3,849 1,400 343
Repayment of debt (2,703) (1,538) (3,459)
Delivery of shares 394 826 412
Purchase of treasury stock (3,553) (3,708) (3,048)
Dividends paid (1,698) (1,726) (1,736)
Cash associated with the spin-off of the Turbocharging Division (172) = =
Dividends paid to noncontrolling shareholders (99) (98) (82)
Proceeds from issuance of subsidiary shares 216 = =
Other financing activities 6 (41) (49)
Net cash used in financing activities — continuing operations (2,394) (4,968) (8,206)
Net cash provided by financing activities — discontinued operations = - 31

Our financing cash flow activities primarily include debt transactions (both from the issuance of debt
securities and borrowings directly from banks), share transactions (including share transactions in
consolidated subsidiaries) and payments of distributions to controlling and noncontrolling
shareholders. In 2022, we also distributed cash as part of the spin-off of the Turbocharging Division.

In 2022, the net inflow for debt with maturities of 90 days or less related to net borrowings of amounts
outstanding under the Euro-commercial paper program and various local country borrowings.

In 2022, “Increase in debt” primarily represents initial borrowings for terms longer than 90 days under
the Euro-commercial paper program of $1,425 million and borrowings under the following six long-
term debt transactions (total cashflow amount at date of borrowings of $2,390 million):

* CHF 275 million 0% Bonds due 2023

* EUR700 million 0.625% Instruments due 2024

+ EUR 500 million floating rate Instruments due 2024
* CHF 150 million 2.1% Bonds due 2025

+ CHF 425 million 0.75% Bonds due 2027

* CHF 150 million 2.375% Bonds due 2030

In 2022, “Repayment of debt” includes the repayment at maturity of the USD 1,250 million Notes and
repayments of $1,345 million under the Euro-commercial paper program for borrowings having terms
longer than 90 days.

“Delivery of shares” in 2022 primarily reflects cash received from the exercise of options in connection
with our Management Incentive Plan (resulting in a delivery of 16 million shares). All shares were
delivered out of Treasury stock.


--- Page 51 ---

56 FINANCIAL REPORT 2022

“Proceeds from issuance of subsidiary shares” in 2022 relates to the sale of shares by ABB E-mobility
Holdings Ltd through a private placement of $216 million.

In 2022, “Purchase of treasury stock” reflects $2,891 million of cash payments to purchase 91 million of
our own shares in connection with the announced share buyback programs. It also reflects $662 million
paid to purchase 20 million shares on the open market during the year.

“Cash associated with the spin-off of the Turbocharging Division” represents the amount of cash and
cash equivalents which were directly owned by the entities in the spin-off of the Turbocharging
Division at the date of the spin-off.

Contractual obligations and commitments

The contractual obligations presented in the table below represent our estimates of future payments
under fixed contractual obligations and commitments. These amounts may differ from those reported
in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022. Changes in our business needs, cancellation
provisions and changes in interest rates, as well as actions by third parties and other factors, may
cause these estimates to change. Therefore, our actual payments in future periods may vary from
those presented below. The table below summarizes certain of our cash requirements for known
contractual obligations and principal and interest payments under our debt instruments and purchase
obligations at December 31, 2022, and the timing thereof. For details of future operating and finance
lease payments, see “Note 14 - Leases” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

At December 31, 2022 ($ in millions) Current __Non-current Total
Long-term debt obligations 1,058 5,235 6,293
Interest payments related to long-term debt obligations 70 629 699
Purchase obligations 3,519 949 4,468
Total 4,647 6,813 11,460

In the table above, the “Long-term debt obligations” reflect the cash amounts to be repaid upon
maturity of those debt obligations. The cash obligations above will differ from Long-term debt due to
the impacts of fair value hedge accounting adjustments and premiums or discounts on certain debt.

We have determined the interest payments related to long-term debt obligations by reference to the
payments due under the terms of our debt obligations at the time such obligations were incurred.
However, we use interest rate swaps to modify the interest characteristics of certain of our debt
obligations. The net effect of these swaps may increase or decrease the actual amount of our cash
interest payment obligations, which may differ from those stated in the above table. For further details
on our debt obligations and the related hedges, see “Note 12 - Debt” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Purchase obligations are defined as agreements to purchase goods and services that are enforceable
and legally binding, that specify all significant terms, including the quantities to be purchased, price
provisions and the approximate timing of the transactions. Purchase obligations includes procurement
contracts for raw materials, sub-contracted work, supplies and services. Purchase obligations include
amounts recorded as well as amounts that are not recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Off-balance sheet arrangements

Commercial commitments

We disclose the maximum potential exposure of certain guarantees, as well as possible recourse
provisions that may allow us to recover from third parties amounts paid out under such guarantees.
The maximum potential exposure does not allow any discounting of our assessment of actual exposure
under the guarantees. The information below reflects our maximum potential exposure under the
guarantees, which is higher than our assessment of the expected exposure.


--- Page 52 ---

FINANCIAL REPORT 2022 57
Guarantees

The following table provides quantitative data regarding our third-party guarantees. The maximum
potential payments represent a worst-case scenario, and do not reflect our expected outcomes.

Maximum potential payments”

December 31, ($ in millions) 2022 2021
Performance guarantees 4,300 4,540
Financial guarantees 96 52
Indemnification guarantees —_ 136

4,396 4,728

re without limit,

The carrying amount of liabilities recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets reflects our best
estimate of future payments, which we may incur as part of fulfilling our guarantee obligations. In
respect of the above guarantees, the carrying amounts of liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
amounted to $1 million and $156 million, respectively, the majority of which in 2021 is included in
discontinued operations.

In addition, in the normal course of bidding for and executing certain projects, we have entered into
standby letters of credit, bid/performance bonds and surety bonds (collectively “performance bonds”)
with various financial institutions. Customers can draw on such performance bonds in the event that
we do not fulfill our contractual obligations. We would then have an obligation to reimburse the
financial institution for amounts paid under the performance bonds. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the total outstanding performance bonds aggregated to $2.9 billion and $3.6 billion, respectively; of
each of these amounts, $0.1 billion relates to discontinued operations. There have been no significant
amounts reimbursed to financial institutions under these types of arrangements in 2022 and 2021.

For additional descriptions of our performance, financial and indemnification guarantees see “Note 15 -
Commitments and contingencies” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
