

--- Page 1 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

75 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

Basis of the Commerzbank Group

Structure and organisation

Commerzbank is the leading bank for SMEs (the Mittelstand) and
a partner to some 26,000 corporate client groups and almost 11
million private and small-business customers in Germany. The
Bank offers a comprehensive portfolio of financial services in two
business segments — Private and Small-Business Customers and
Corporate Clients.

In its corporate client business, Commerzbank focuses on
German SMEs, large companies and institutional customers. In
international business, the Bank supports customers who have
business links with Germany and companies in selected future-
oriented sectors. In the Private and Small-Business Customers
segment, the Bank serves its customers through the Commerzbank
and comdirect brands: via online and mobile channels, in the
advisory centre and in person at alocal level. The Polish
subsidiary mBank is an innovative digital bank. It serves around
5.7 million private and small-business customers, mainly in Poland
but also in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.

The two segments Private and Small-Business Customers and
Corporate Clients are each managed by a member of the Board of
Managing Directors. All staff and management functions are
contained in Group Management: Group Audit, Group Big
Data& Advanced Analytics, Group
Compliance, Group Finance, Group Human Resources, Group
Investor Relations, Group Legal, Group Research, Group Strategy,
Transformation & Sustainability, Group Tax, Group Treasury and

Group Communications,

the central risk functions. The support functions are provided by
Group Services. These include Group client.data, Corporate
Clients & Treasury Platforms, Group Operations, Group Business
Platforms, Group Digital Transformation, Group Credit, Group
Technology Foundations, Group Organisation & Security, and
Group Securities & Brokerage. The staff, management and support
functions are combined in the Others and Consolidation di

ion
for external reporting purposes.

On the domestic market, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is
headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, from where it manages its
branch network and its advisory centre serving all customer
groups. Following the merger with comdirect Bank AG, which will
a brand of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft,
Commerz Real AG is the most significant domestic subsidiary.
Outside of Germany, following the sale of Commerzbank Zrt.,

continue as

Budapest, as at the reporting date Commerzbank had 4 material
subsidiaries, 16 foreign
representative offices in just under 40 countries and was
represented in all major financial centres, such as London, New
York, Tokyo and Singapore.

operational branches and 26

However, the focus of the Bank’s international activities is on
Europe.

Commerzbank prepares Group financial statements which, in
addition to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as operating lead
company, incorporate all material subsidiaries over which the
Bank exercises control. The financial year is the calendar year.

Objectives and strategy

Through our “Strategy 2024” programme we are securing the
future of Commerzbank - and becoming the digital advisory bank
for Germany. In so doing, we are combining our greatest strengths
to create a unique business model: Commerzbank’s advisory
excellence, which is based on in-depth knowledge of customer
needs, and comdirect’s digital capabilities.

With this business model, we are focusing even more than
before on the customer — as a reliable partner, as a source of
inspiration: we seek to enthuse customers who have set ambitious
goals for themselves whether in their personal lives or their
businesses. Customers who need an effective partner at their side
offering tailored advice on complex issues and straightforward
digital solutions and access in all other matters. We are directing
our focus towards discerning customers, and in the Corporate
Clients segment in particular towards German SMEs, for whom we

are and remain the first port of call.

We are using di jisation to ensure we are just a click away

from our customers at times when they do not wish to visit a

branch. To become more digital, we are taking our organisation to
the next level of development: streamlining our structures and
standardising our processes. At the same time, we are using
digitalisation to optimise our business model and tap into new
sources of revenue.

In this way, we are helping to bring about a significant increase
in profitability - an important prerequisite for providing the
returns expected by our shareholders and securing our investment
strength for the future.

However, it is not only profitability and capital strength that are
crucial for securing Commerzbank’s future, but also the
contribution the Bank makes to meeting the challenges facing
society, above all to combating climate change. Commerzbank
takes this responsibility seriously and is seeking to become a net
zero bank. With ambitious climate protection targets and solutions
for our customers’ green transformation, we are driving the
sustainability of our business and of society as a whole.

75


--- Page 2 ---

76

Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

In the 2022 financial year, the Bank reached further important
transformation milestones in the restructuring and reorganisation
of its business model. For example, we have already finalised most
of the planned gross reduction of 10,000 full-time positions. The
reduction of almost 9,000 positions was contracted by the end of
2022, the majority of them in Germany. A large part of the
remaining reduction will come from the optimisation or closure of
foreign locations.

Important milestones in restructuring
and organizational restructuring
have been achieved

All 12 locations of the advisory centre for the German retail
banking business have started operating. The original target for
rationalising the branch network was also achieved ahead of
schedule.

“Mittelstandsbank Direkt” was successfully established in the
Corporate Clients segment. By the end of 2022, we had already
provided services to 6,000 clients via the German market's first
direct bank offering for SMEs.

The Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) strategy has
also been firmly anchored within the Group. For example, the
volume of sustainable business reached €247bn in the year under
review. We are thus well on the way towards achieving the
intended volume of €300bn by 2025.

For the next phase of the implementation of the “Strategy
2024” programme, the Bank has defined new priorities to continue
developing earnings potential while continuing to focus on further
efficiency increases in both customer segments. The successful
launch of “Mittelstandsbank Direkt” in the Corporate Clients
segment will be opened up for new customers in the coming year.
Furthermore, the international network will be optimised in line
with the changing trade corridors. As a result, Commerzbank will
continue to be represented in all locations where its customers
require it. The Bank is thus consolidating its position as the
leading trade finance bank for Germany.

The retail strategy is centred around the Bank’s positioning as
a digital advisory bank with a needs-based product portfolio and
full exploitation of the growth potential offered by the two-brand
model. comdirect is the bank for digitally savvy customers who do
not require advice. Commerzbank stands for personal customer
relationships and advisory services, both at branches and digitally.
A large proportion of customer requirements will be addressed via
its new advisory centre as well as via digital
Commerzbank’s personal advisory service offering will in future be
tailored more strongly to the needs of wealthy customers and
those with more complex advisory needs.

channels.

We reaffirmed the key financial targets of the “Strategy 2024”
programme at the end of 2022. The Bank is targeting a net return
on tangible equity of more than 7.3% and a cost-income ratio of
60%. Based on the positive development of the customer business
and supported by higher interest rates, the revenue forecast for
the year 2024 has been raised to €10bn; the previous target was
€9.1bn. The Bank is implementing the cost-cutting programme as
planned. Due to the ongoing inflation, total expenses for 2024 are
expected to be €6.0bn. Overall, Commerzbank now anticipates an
operating result of around €3.2bn for 2024, against the previous
forecast of €3.0bn.

Detailed information on the “Strategy 2024” programme can be
found both in the Annual Report 2020 and on the Commerzbank
website at https://www.commerzbank.com.

Corporate managemen

Corporate management in the Commerzbank Group is based on a
value-oriented steering concept. This concept is focused on
ensuring that the risks entered into by the business units are in
line with the external and internal guidelines on risk-bearing
capacity and on striving to achieve an appropriate return over the
long term on the capital employed. In this respect, the Bank
regularly monitors the allocation of scarce resources to business
units and actively adapts its business strategy to changing market
circumstances in order to boost the enterprise value over the long
term.

The annual planning process is a key corporate management
tool. In this process, the Board of Managing Directors sets targets
for the business units based on the business strategy. Existing
resources such as capital and risk limits are allocated to the
segments in a way that reflects the targets and risk profiles. The
segments operationalise the targets based on the business
strategy and the results of the planning process. The Board of
Managing Directors carries out regular checks to ensure that
business planning is being followed. This ensures that any
deviations are identified at an early stage through monthly
management reporting, and corrective measures are taken.

In order to manage the Group and its segments, the Bank uses
the standard controlling indicators described below, which cover
all the essential dimensions of Group management. Their
development is monitored as part of regular management
reporting.


--- Page 3 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Risk Report Financial State: Further Information

75 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

report

8

The management of the Bank takes account of both pillars of
capital adequacy requirements. To ensure internal risk-bearing
capacity at all times, planning includes allocating economic capital
to the segments according to type of risk. The average capital
employed in the segments is calculated based on the average
segmented risk-weighted assets. At Group level, Common Equity
Tier 1 (CET1) capital is shown. The reconciliation of average
capital employed in the segments to the Group’s CET1 capital is
carried out in Others and Consolidation. The Common Equity Tier
1 ratio is a key indicator for the Bank in capital management.

The key figures used for measuring success in the corporate
management are operating profit/loss and group
profit/loss after tax and non-controlling interests, along with the

process

cost/income and return on equity ratios and the economic value
added calculated from these ratios. The cost/income ratio is used
to assess cost efficiency and is defined as the ratio of operating
expenses (excluding impairments of goodwill and restructuring
expenses) to income before the risk result. The cost/income ratio
is calculated in two variants: with and without the inclusion of
compulsory contributions in the item “expenses”. Segment return
on equity is calculated as the ratio of operating profit/loss or pre-
tax profit/loss to the average amount of regulatory capital
employed. It shows the return on the equity invested in a given
business segment. As is standard for value-based management
concepts, the target minimum return on capital employed is
derived from the expected return on the capital market. Here the
focus at Group level is on the return on tangible equity.

Economic value added is the indicator used for determining the
performance of the Group. It is defined as the difference between
the Group’s return on equity and the capital cost rate, multiplied
by the Group’s equity. The Group’s return on equity is the ratio of
the consolidated profit after tax and non-controlling interests to
the average CET1 capital of the Group.

The calculation of the capital cost rate is based on the Bank's
strategic target return on tangible equity and the capital market-
oriented Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM) and is subject to an
annual review. Commerzbank currently calculates its post-tax cost
of capital to be 9.2%. The cost of capital is recalculated in an
annual review, which is to take place in the first half of 2023.

As Group figures, the controlling data listed above form part of
a system of other segment-specific data that vary from segment to
segment depending on the business strategy.

Remuneration report

The remuneration report for the Board of Managing Directors and
the Supervisory Board is published as a separate report and can
be found on the Commerzbank website.

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of
the German Commercial Code

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code
(HGB) can be found in the Annual Report section on corporate
responsibility. They form part of the Group management report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315a of the
German Commercial Code (HGB)
and explanatory report

Details pursuant to Art. 315a of the German Commercial Code
(HGB) and the explanatory report can be found in the Annual
Report section on corporate responsibility. They form part of the
Group management report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315d of the

German Commercial Code (HGB)

Details pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with Art. 289f of the
German Commercial Code (HGB), “Declaration on corporate
governance”, can be found in the Annual Report section on
corporate responsibility. They form part of the Group management
report. The declaration on corporate governance can also be found
on the Commerzbank website.

Details pursuant to Art. 340i (5) in
conjunction with Art. 315b (3) of the

German Commercial Code (HGB)

Details pursuant to Art. 340i (5) in conjunction with Art. 315b (3)
of the German Commercial Code (HGB) can be found in the
Annual Report section on corporate responsibility as a combined
separate non-financial report. They form part of the Group
management report. The combined separate non-financial report
can also be found on the Commerzbank website.

77


--- Page 4 ---

78

Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Important staffing and business

policy events

A report on important staffing changes at management level and
special business policy events during the past financial year is
provided below.

There were changes in the composition of the Board of
Managing Directors during the year under review. Changes for the
current financial year 2023 were also announced at both Board of
Managing Directors and Supervisory Board level. With the
establishment of a Sustainability Advisory Board, Commerzbank
has further anchored this particularly important topic in its
sustainability strategy. In the summer of 2022, the Bank provided
information on the progress it has made with the sustainability

strategy through its second Sustainability Dialogue event. To give

our investors the opportunity to participate in the transformation
of the real economy towards greater sustainability, the Bank
issued its third green bond in the middle of the year. In order to
remain focused on market developments and trends with respect
to the key issue of sustainability, the Main Incubator has been
realigned. The bank-specific capital requirements set by the
European Central Bank (ECB) for 2023 as part of the Supervisory
Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) clearly confirm once again
that Commerzbank is well positioned in terms of its capitalisation.
The Bank also further strengthened its compliance function in the
2022 financial year.

Changes in the Board of Managing Directors of
Commerzbank

At its meeting on 6July 2022, the Supervisory Board of
Commerzbank appointed Sabine Mlnarsky to the Bank’s Board of
Managing Directors with effect from 1January 2023. She has
assumed responsibility for the Group Human Resources division.
As Chief Human Resources Officer and Labour Relations Director
she succeeded Sabine Schmittroth, who in line with her personal
life planning left Commerzbank when her contract expired at the
end of 2022. Sabine Mlnarsky has more than two decades of
experience in human resources management. She comes to
Commerzbank from the Austrian Erste Group Bank AG. She is a
lawyer and had been Head of Human Resources at the central
institution of the Austrian savings bank sector since 2016.

At the same meeting, Chief Risk Officer Marcus Chromik also
informed the Supervisory Board that he intends to fulfil his
management contract, which runs until the end of 2023, but in line
with his personal life planning will not accept a possible offer of an
extension to his contract. Informing the Supervisory Board at this
early stage created clarity and planning security for an orderly
transition in this important function.

Change in the chairmanship of the Supervisory
Board of Commerzbank initiated

Helmut Gottschalk has decided that, given his age, he will not
make himself available for a new term of office as a member of the
Supervisory Board and Chairman of the Supervisory Board after
the next Annual General Meeting. He has therefore initiated an
orderly succession process at an early stage.

In mid-November 2022, Helmut Gottschalk informed the

shareholder representatives on the Presiding and Nomination
Committee and subsequently the entire Supervisory Board of his
decision. He also proposed Dr. Jens Weidmann (54) as a new
member of the Supervisory Board who, if elected, will also be
available to take on the role of Chairman of the Supervisory Board.
The shareholder representatives on the Presiding and Nomination
Committee and on the Supervisory Board responded positively to

the proposal. In its meeting on 15 February 2023 the Supervisory

Board unanimously declared that it intends to appoint Dr. Jens
Weidmann as its Chairman if Dr. Weidmann is elected to the
Supervisory Board by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting
on 31 May 2023 as planned. Helmut Gottschalk has chaired the
Supervisory Board of Commerzbank since April 2021. During his
the Bank has successfully implemented a
under its “Strategy 2024”
programme, adapted its business model in line with altered

tenure to date,
comprehensive — restructuring
conditions and significantly improved profitability in its core
business, such that a renewed distribution from profits for the
2022 financial year can be put to the 2023 Annual General
Meeting. Under his leadership, he also drove forward the
realignment of the Board of Managing Directors with the
appointment of four new members and established a new,
performance-based remuneration system and a share ownership
directive for the Board of Managing Directors.

Dr. Jens Weidmann was President of the Deutsche Bundesbank
from 2011 to 2021. In this capacity, he was also a member of the
Governing Council of the ECB. Previously, he was head of the
economic and financial policy department in Germany's Federal
Chancellery. He also served as Chairman of the Board of Directors
of the Bank for International Settlements from 2015 to 2021.

Commerzbank establishes Sustainability
Advisory Board and continues Sustainability
Dialogue

In May 2022, Commerzbank set up a Sustainability Advisory Board
made up of external experts. This makes it one of the first major
banks in Germany to have such a body. The new advisory board
will help advance sustainability topics at Commerzbank and
deliver outside impetus for the sustainable alignment of the Bank’s
activities. The new body includes representatives from business,


--- Page 5 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Rep Financial Statements Further Information

75 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

ent pei

politics, academia and society. It met for the first time in Frankfurt
am Main on 23 May 2022. Going forward, the Sustainability
Advisory Board is due to meet twice a year.

On 4 July 2022, second public
Sustainability Dialogue event to provide information on the
progress it has made with its sustainability strategy. Commerzbank
has defined concrete CO2 reduction targets for half of the loans it
has granted. These are to be achieved by 2030. The Bank’s efforts
to manage climate risk are initially focused on CO:-intensive
sectors. For example, we are seeking to achieve reduction targets
of at least 73% by 2030 for the power generation sector, and at
least 57% for the significantly larger retail mortgage financing
portfolio. Achieving these targets is a key intermediate step for the
Bank in its drive to reduce the CO2 emissions of its entire lending
and investment portfolio to net zero by 2050 at the latest. Further
information can be found in the combined separate non-financial
report on page 42 ff.

Commerzbank held a

Commerzbank issues its third own green bond

Commerzbank successfully issued a green bond with an issuance
volume of €500m at the beginning of June 2022. Commerzbank
will use the proceeds to finance renewable energy projects.
Thanks to the progress made with renewable energy projects, a
third own green bond has now been issued to follow those from
2018 and 2020. We have therefore responded to the still growing
demand for sustainable investments and are giving our investors
the opportunity to participate in the transformation of the real
economy towards greater sustainability.

Commerzbank allocated the non-preferred senior bond to loans
for onshore and offshore wind projects and solar projects. The
bond has a term of 5.25 years with a call
and a coupon of 3% per annum.

Commerzbank is an established player in the market for
sustainable and green bonds. For years, the bank has been
supporting its customers in preparing sustainable bond issues and
placing them in the international capital market.

date in September 2026

Realignment of the Main Incubator

Commerzbank realigned its Main Incubator at the end of April
2022: the early-stage investor will in future focus not only on
fintechs but also on start-ups specialising in sustainability, known
as greentechs. To accompany the shift in strategy, the new brand
“neosfer” was created.

mic repo!

t
>rmance
tunities report

There has been no change to the unit’s business principles: it
will continue to monitor trends, invest venture capital and make
new applications work for the Bank.

SREP capital requirements for Commerzbank
unchanged for 2023

The ECB has left the bank-specific capital requirements for 2023
defined for the Commerzbank Group as part of the Supervisory
Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) unchanged compared with
2022. The additional capital adequacy requirement under Pillar 2
(P2R) remains at 2% of total capital, of which at least 1.125%
must be covered by Common Equity Tier 1 capital. The SREP
decision replaces the previous SREP decision with effect from
1 January 2023.

The Common Equity Tier 1
Commerzbank at Group level remained unchanged at 9.44% of
risk-weighted assets (MDA threshold) as at 30 September 2022,
taking into account the requirements of the current SREP decision.
It comprises the CET1 minimum of 4.5%, the P2R requirement of
1.125%, the capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, the DSIB capital
buffer for other systemically important banks, which is unchanged
at 1.25%, the countercyclical capital buffer, currently 0.04%, and
an AT1 shortfall of 0.03%.

Commerzbank expects the MDA threshold to rise to around
10.1% in the first quarter of 2023 due to the industry-wide
increase in countercyclical capital buffers and the activation of the
sectoral systemic risk buffer in Germany.

A requirement to hold additional own funds for the risk of
excessive leverage (Pillar 2 requirement for the risk of excessive
leverage — P2RLR) has not been set for the Commerzbank Group.

With a CET1 ratio of 14.1% as at 31 December 2022, we are a
comfortable distance from the MDA threshold and thus have

capital requirement for

sufficient scope for the planned distribution of 30% of

consolidated profit after deduction of AT1 coupon payments.

Further strengthening of the compliance
function

In 2022 the Bank continued its activities to further strengthen the
compliance function. In addition to the structural changes, these
also related to staff training and the successful recruitment of
qualified compliance experts to work at head office and in foreign
locations.

To further improve the management of compliance risks, the
compliance function implemented various long-term measures in
areas such as global financial crime and global markets
compliance, further strengthening compliance both in Germany

and abroad.

79


--- Page 6 ---

80

Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

In the year under review, the Bank rigorously pressed ahead
with the further development of the global compliance system
landscape in line with the latest market standards. Significant
steps were taken in the technical renewal of transaction-based
sanctions screening. At the same time, the much more stringent
sanctions requirements were implemented successfully while
maintaining a consistently high level of quality. With the focus on
the second line of defence tasks for compliance as a risk
management and control function, the responsibilities and
resources for the “Actimize Customer Due Diligence” (know-your-
customer scoring) and “Watch List Filtering” (name screening)
systems were transferred to the “client.data” unit, in which all
processes and systems across the Bank relating to client master
data, know-your-customer activities and document management
are bundled.

In 2022, Global Markets Compliance completed the Global
Surveillance Implementation Programme (GSIP) launched in 2018.
The programme was aimed at expanding global surveillance of
trade and communications. With the associated introduction of the
SCILA trade monitoring software, monitoring was standardised
across asset classes for all Commerzbank trading locations and a
global minimum standard for trade monitoring established in line
with regulatory requirements.

At the same time, Commerzbank further developed existing
governance expanded the global
compliance processes in the business units. This included
updating and further developing the compliance sub-risk strategy

structures and further

as part of Commerzbank’s overall risk strategy, which in particular
defines the strategic fields of action and the risk appetite for
compliance risks. We also further strengthened the governance
processes for managing and monitoring compliance controls.

With regard to the German Corporate Due Diligence in Supply
Chains Act that entered into force on 1 January 2023, Group
Compliance fulfils the role of the second line of defence in its
capacity as the global functional lead, and thus defines Group-
wide minimum standards for the Bank in order to identify and
prevent breaches of certain human rights and
environmental obligations at (in)direct suppliers and in the Bank's
own area of business. To ensure that the requirements are met, we
have established a comprehensive compliance programme that
has already been initialised and will be systematically extended in
2023. In 2022, a Human Rights Officer was appointed to assume
the responsibilities arising from the German Corporate Due
Diligence in Supply Chains Act. The Chief Compliance Officer

certain

performs this important and responsible role, in which capacity
they report directly to the Chief Risk Officer. The Board of
Managing Directors is also assisted by other units with a view to
covering human rights standards as holistically as possible within
Commerzbank.

For more information on compliance risks and on integrity and
compliance at Commerzbank, please see page 142 f. of the Group
Risk Report and page 67 f. of the combined separate non-financial
report.


--- Page 7 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

of the C

Management Report

Financial Statements Further Information

ommerzbank G

81 Economic report

91 Segment pe

Economic report

Economic conditions

Economic environment

The global economy lost considerable momentum in 2022.
Although

coronavirus restrictions were largely lifted in most economies,

the coronavirus situation eased noticeably and
Russia's war against Ukraine triggered new shock waves. Fears of
an energy crisis drove up energy prices worldwide. In addition,
many companies continued to complain about a lack of upstream
products.

In China, the government stuck to its zero-Covid policy for
almost the whole of 2022. Time and again, entire cities with
millions of inhabitants were locked down at the slightest outbreak
of coronavirus. This, together with the problems in the real estate
sector, meant that economic growth more than halved in 2022
compared with 2021.

In the USA, the economy contracted slightly in the first half of
2022 following the expiry of the coronavirus-related assistance
programmes. Nevertheless, unemployment fell back to the very
low level seen before the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic,
which is why wages rose more sharply. Together with the
substantial rise in energy prices, this droves inflation to historic
highs.

General economic conditions
were difficult even in 2022

In the eurozone, the economy was affected not only by the
weaker foreign trade environment but also the fear of gas
rationing following the widespread cessation of Russian gas
supplies. Prices for gas and electricity therefore increased
considerably, placing a huge burden on both households and
businesses. In the course of the year, higher production costs due
to energy prices also caused prices of non-energy goods to rise
ever more sharply. In addition, the production of some goods
became unprofitable because manufacturers were only able to
pass on higher energy costs to their customers to a limited extent.
As a result, the eurozone economy lost significant momentum in
the second half of the year.

In Germany, too, economic growth weakened noticeably in the
course of the year. Weaker demand from abroad impacted on the
export-oriented industry in particular.

armance
tunities report

At the same time, a lack of intermediate products prevented
companies from working quickly through their large order
backlogs. The boom in the construction industry also ended in the
spring. Over the rest of the year, production in this sector followed
a downward trend. By contrast, the services sector still benefited
from the lifting of coronavirus restrictions, although this positive
effect steadily weakened as the year progressed. The fall-off in
economic activity was also reflected in the labour market.
Employment growth stalled, and the number of unemployed has
risen slightly since the summer.

Trends on the financial markets in 2022 were dominated by the
change of course in monetary policy. Against a backdrop of high
inflation, the US Federal Reserve heralded the turnaround in
interest rates in March. By the beginning of February 2023, it had
increased its policy rates by a total of 450 basis points. The ECB
began its own cycle of interest rate increases at the end of July.
Since then, it has raised its policy rates by a total of 300 basis
points. The bond market reacted with a significant rise in yields.
At times, ten-year US government bonds had yields of over 4%,
having been below 2% at the beginning of the year. The yield on
ten-year German government bonds rose from 0% to around 2%.
Share prices fell substantially in 2022. The euro regained ground
against the US dollar at the end of the year but was still around
10% below the level at the end of 2021.

Sector environment

The difficult economic situation — primarily in connection with the
energy crisis, the sharp rise in inflation and the Russia-Ukraine
war — meant that 2022 was another particularly challenging year
for the banking sector. Although extensive government assistance
programmes have so far prevented a more severe economic
slump, the negative consequences for the economy and society are
gradually beginning to show. In particular, the risks for the
banking environment’s short-term prospects are still considered to
be very high. Nervousness has returned to the international capital
markets with the geopolitical uncertainties. All over the world, the
industrial sector is suffering from supply chain problems. These
are primarily attributable to China’s very strict zero-Covid strategy,
which was applied for a long while, and to the sanctions imposed
in response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. China is now only able
to fulfil its role as the engine of the global economy to a limited
extent: its economic growth has slowed markedly due to high
levels of corporate debt, a weaker labour market and turbulence
on the real estate market.

81


--- Page 8 ---

82

Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

According to the Ifo Business Climate Index, business
expectations have recently improved in Germany, but remain at a
low level. Energy and raw material prices as well as the cost of
materials have tended to rise sharply, fuelling inflation worldwide.
High inflation reduces purchasing power and thus acts as a drag
on private consumption. At the same time, the gas supply issue is
causing considerable uncertainty among companies and putting a
damper on investment.

The impact on the lending business of European banks has
been significantly mitigated to date, mainly through support
measures implemented by governments and central banks.
Income losses were limited for both companies and households;
employment conditions were protected and the supply of credit to
the economy was guaranteed. The financial markets are also still
proving robust in the face of the challenging conditions, with price
losses so far significantly lower than during the Lehman crisis and
at the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. As a result,
European banks have so far been spared any major defaults
despite uncertainty about their provisioning requirements and
volatility in their trading income. However, receivables from
consumer loans and from loans to companies and self-employed
persons with energy-intensive production are subject to high risk.
There are also fears of loan defaults on commercial property
financing if recent changes to working and shopping habits are
maintained over the long term and there is a further rise in debit
interest rates.

The boom in the residential real estate market abated
significantly in the course of 2022. While house prices still rose by
more than 10% on average last year, price momentum has slowed
significantly over the course of this year. The sharp rise in
mortgage rates — from around 1.3% at the start of the year to
around 3.4% at the end of 2022, while house prices are still rising
on average — has significantly reduced the affordability of a
property purchase for households. Many prospective buyers are
unlikely to be able to afford initial financing at current prices,
especially as the current high level of inflation continues to put a
strain on the budgets of many households. However, a lot of
households still have a certain financial buffer as a result of their
increased propensity to save during the first phase of the
coronavirus pandemic. Long fixed-interest periods on existing
properties instead of variable-rate mortgage loans, as well as the
preferred choice of annuity loans instead of bullet mortgage loans,
also have the effect of reducing risk. As a result, when fixed-
interest periods expire, follow-up financing costs are at present
generally not much higher than in the previous period. More
extensive defaults on existing mortgages are therefore not to be
expected in Germany in the foreseeable future.

Any considerable fall in house prices is also rather improbable
on a nationwide average. That is because the continuing shortage
of affordable housing, the relatively low ownership rate compared
with other countries, and the reallocation of assets against a
backdrop of a high level of economic uncertainty and sharply
increased inflation rates are bolstering the market for residential
real estate.

According to official insolvency statistics for Germany, defaults
in the servicing of loans have so far remained within limits. For
example, the number of consumer insolvencies nationwide fell
noticeably last year, although this is likely to be partly an after-
effect of the law introduced in 2020 to gradually shorten residual
debt discharge proceedings from six to three years. In contrast to
the number of cases, the total amount of outstanding receivables
increased more than fourfold. In corporate insolvencies, however,
fewer major cases meant a reduction in expected creditor claims
to less than a quarter. In terms of figures, corporate insolvencies
declined only slightly as the SME construction sector in particular
recorded increases. The change in the number of business
closures was less favourable than for corporate insolvencies. For
example, the number of companies discontinuing operations
completely rose by 7% in the period from January to October
2022 compared with the corresponding prior-year period.

As a neighbour of Ukraine, Poland has been affected directly by
the war, with the adverse economic effects also having a negative
impact on its banking sector. Polish GDP has lost considerable
Despite
conditions, the Polish banking sector has so far proved robust in
the assessment of financial stability. Risks come primarily from
unsecured consumer loans and mortgage loans. There are

momentum in recent quarters. these unfavourable

currently numerous pending lawsuits from private customers
relating to Swiss franc real estate loans with indexing clauses.
“Credit holidays” under which payments can be temporarily
suspended also have a negative impact on income in the Polish
banking sector. All in all, its return on capital is currently only just
in positive territory.

Financial performance, assets,

liabilities and financial position

Commerzbank achieved its best result in more than a decade in
the 2022 financial year. Double-digit income growth was recorded
in 2022 despite substantial charges at our Polish subsidiary
mBank. This exceptionally strong income momentum was driven
by robust customer business in both segments and the boost
provided by interest rate increases on the part of both the ECB and
the Polish central bank.



--- Page 9 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

81 Economic report

The Commerzbank Group recorded an operating profit of
€2,099m for the year under review, compared with €1,183m in the
previous The consolidated _ profit
Commerzbank shareholders and investors in additional equity
components for the period under review was €1,435m.

year. attributable — to

Robust customer business
in fiscal year 2022

Total assets of the Commerzbank Group as at 31 December
2022 were €477.4bn, compared with €467.4bn at the end of 2021.
The slight increase of 2.1% resulted in particular from liquidity
inflows.

The decline in risk-weighted assets (RWA) to €168.7bn was
mainly due to lower risk-weighted assets relating to credit risk and
market risk. Common Equity Tier 1 capital was €23.9bn and the
corresponding Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 14.1%.

Explanations regarding changes or amendments to
accounting and measurement methods can be found in Notes 2
and 4 to the Group financial statements.

the

Income statement of the Commerzbank Group

The individual items in the income statement were as follows in
2022:

Net interest income was €6,459m in the period under review,
compared with €4,849m in the previous year. The significant
increase of 33.2% was attributable to a considerable rise in
income from interest-bearing business in both customer
segments. mBank was largely responsible for the increase in net
interest income in the Private and Small-Business Customers
segment. The significant rise in key interest rates in Poland since
autumn 2021 had a particularly positive impact. As a result, the
deposit business made a significant contribution to mBank’s net
interest income, which more than doubled. Rising lending and
deposit volumes also led to corresponding income growth.
Interest-bearing business in Germany also recorded a positive

performance. Firstly, the further increase in total lending in the

the Commerzbank G

Financial Statement: Information

report

domestic market resulted in income growth, including in
connection with retail mortgage financing and individual loans.
Secondly, the turnaround in interest rates generated additional
deposit income. In addition, the year-on-year increase in interest
rates in the Private and Small-Business Customers segment was
noticeably impacted by the income generated in the first half of
the year in connection with special repayments of mortgage loans.
Net interest income in the Corporate Clients segment was also
higher than in the prior-year period, with the increase attributable
in particular to a positive performance in SME business. The
significant decrease in net interest income in the Others and
Consolidation segment was attributable in particular to the fall in
additional income from the fulfilment of the credit volume
requirements in connection with targeted longer-term refinancing
operations (TLTROs) the ECB the

corresponding prior-year period. This fall was due in part to the

with compared with
fact that the previous year also included amounts relating to 2020,
since the fulfilment of the credit volume requirement was not
2021,
compensation payments for special repayments of mortgage loans
to the Private and Small-Business Customers segment due to the

established until and also to internal fair value

rise in interest rates.

Net commission income was slightly lower than the prior-year
figure at €3,519m. In the Private and Small-Business Customers
segment, domestic securities volumes declined, mainly due to
weak market developments in the period under review, which was
reflected in declining commission income. By contrast, income
from payment transactions increased. Higher commission income
at mBank was due in particular to an increase in income from
payment transactions. Net commission income in the Corporate
Clients segment was higher than in the prior-year period, mainly
due to an increase in foreign currency business and trade finance.

The net income from financial assets and liabilities measured at
fair value through profit or loss was €451m in the period under
review, after €980m in the prior-year period. The decline of
54.0% was primarily attributable to considerably higher positive
remeasurement effects in the comparable prior-year period, for
example in relation to investments.

83


--- Page 10 ---

84

Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Statement of comprehensive income | €m 2022 20217 Change
Net interest income 6,459 4,849 1,610
Dividend income 32 22 10
Risk result —876 -570 -306
Net commission income 3,519 3,607 -88
Gain or loss from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
through profit and loss and net income from hedge accounting 338 884 —546
Other profit or loss from financial instruments, income from at-equity
investments and other net income —886 -911 25
Operating expenses 5,844 6,230 =386
Compulsory contributions 642 467 175
Operating profit/loss 2,099 1,183 17
Restructuring expenses 94 1,078 -983
Pre-tax profit or loss 2,005 105 1,900
Taxes on income 612 -248 860
Consolidated profit/loss 1,393 354 1,040

Consolidated profit or loss attributable to Commerzbank

shareholders and investors in additional equity components 1,435 430 1,005

1 Figures adjusted due to restatements (see Group financial statements, Note 4).

Other profit or loss from financial instruments was €-292m in the
period under review. This includes charges against income of
€278m relating to interest and repayment deferrals for private real
estate financing at mBank.

Other net income of €-606m chiefly reflects provisions of
€650m in connection with mortgage loans issued in Swiss francs
at mBank, which were offset only to a small extent by reversals of
provisions and write-ups on equity holdings.

The risk result of €-876m was significantly higher than the
of €-570m,
attributable to effects in connection with the Russia-Ukraine war.

prior-year figure with the increase primarily
The loan loss provisions required in the Private and Small-
Business Customers segment for the period under review
increased — particularly in Germany — by €73m compared with the
prior-year period, while the risk result in the Corporate Clients
segment rose sharply by €296m due in particular to the Russia-
Ukraine war. The top-level adjustment (TLA) booked during the
year in connection with the Russia-Ukraine war was no longer in
place as at the end of the year, as the risk provisioning

requirements remaining after the exposure reduction are now

reflected in individual transactions. The direct effects of the
coronavirus pandemic have abated to the point where no further
charge is expected from it. The coronavirus TLA of €-523m was
therefore fully reversed in the second quarter of 2022. As at
31 December 2022 the total for the TLA for secondary effects
stood at €-482m. Further information on the TLA can be found on

page 123 ff. of the Group risk report.

Operating expenses were reduced by 6.2% compared with the
prior-year period to €5,844m. Personnel expenses were down by
1.4% on the prior-year level at €3,415m, with the elimination of
full-time positions more than offsetting cost-generating effects
including higher
profitability. Administrative expenses, including depreciation on
fixed assets and amortisation of other intangible assets, were
reduced by 12.2% to €2,429m. The decrease was primarily
attributable to a fall in IT expenses and lower costs in connection
with the streamlining of the branch network. In addition, the

variable remuneration connected — with

corresponding prior-year figure included a charge arising from the
derecognition of an intangible asset in connection with the
termination of the project to outsource securities settlement to
HSBC Transaction Services GmbH, resulting in a significant
decline in amortisation expense.

Compulsory contributions, which are reported separately, rose
sharply by €175m compared with the prior-year period to €642m.
The significant increase of 37.4% resulted in particular from a
new mBank levy for an enhancement to Poland’s deposit
insurance scheme and the rise in the European banking levy due
to higher contributions to the Single Resolution Fund of the
Banking Union. In the period under review, Commerzbank made
use of the opportunity to meet part of its annual contribution to
the European banking levy in the form of irrevocable payment
commitments.


--- Page 11 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

sis of the Cc

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

ommerzbank G

81 Economic report

9 ent pe

Restructuring expenses of €94m during the period under
review affected earnings performance. These mainly related to the
implementation of the “Strategy 2024” programme and resulted in
particular from the recognition of restructuring provisions in
connection with property matters.

The pre-tax profit was €2,005m, compared with €105m in the
prior-year period. Tax expenses of €612m were reported for the
period under review. These resulted mainly from current tax
expense and extraordinary charges in Poland that were not fully
deductible for tax purposes, offset by tax income from the
recognition of deferred tax assets on tax loss carryforwards.

The consolidated profit after tax was €1,393m, compared with
€354m in the previous year.

Best Group result
in more than a decade

Net of non-controlling interests, a consolidated profit of
€1,435m was attributable to Commerzbank shareholders and
investors in additional equity components for the 2022 financial
year, compared with €430m in the previous year.

Against the backdrop of positive results for the 2022 financial
year in accordance with the German Commercial Code (HGB), the
plan is to service all capital instruments issued by Commerzbank
Aktiengesellschaft for the 2022 financial year. We will propose to
the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of €0.20 per share be
distributed for 2022. Furthermore, in line with its policy on
returning capital, Commerzbank has applied to the ECB and the
Finance Agency for a share repurchase programme in the amount
of €122m.

Total comprehensive income, which includes both consolidated
profit/loss and other comprehensive income for the period, came
to €1,263m in 2022, compared with €774m in the previous year.

Other comprehensive income of €-130m was comprised of the
sum of changes in the revaluation reserve (FVOCImR) (€-364m),
the cash flow hedge reserve (€-46m), the currency translation
reserve (€48m), the change in companies accounted for using the
equity method (€-1m), the change from the remeasurement of
defined benefit plans not recognised in the income statement
(€87m), the change in own credit spreads of liabilities FVO not
recognised in the income statement (€147m), and the change in
remeasurement effects from net investment hedges (€-1m).

mance
tunities re

Further information on other comprehensive income can be found
on page 156 of the Group financial statements.

Operating profit per share was €1.68 and earnings per share
€0.99. The comparable figures in the prior-year period were €0.94
and €0.23 respectively.

Balance sheet of the Commerzbank Group

Total assets of the Commerzbank Group as at 31 December 2022
were €477.4bn, up 2.1% compared with year-end 2021.

Cash on hand and cash on demand rose by €25.7bn to
€75.2bn. The strong growth on the 2021 year-end balance was
attributable to an increase in deposits held with central banks due
to inflows of liquidity.

Financial assets at amortised cost fell by €3.0bn to €296.2bn
compared with the end of 2021. The overall increase of €4.1bn in
loans and receivables in business with corporate and _ retail
customers was more than offset by the interest rate-related
decrease in securitised debt instruments, which fell by €5.4bn
compared with the end of the previous year.

Financial assets in the fair value OCI category were €34.9bn,
down €5.2bn compared with the end of 2021. The decrease of
13.0% resulted from a lower volume of debt securities in
connection with liquidity management and from declines in
holdings at mBank.

At €29.9bn, financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value
through profit or loss were €1.5bn higher than at the end of the
previous year. The increase was primarily attributable to an
expansion of collateralised securities repurchase agreements. In
this regard, loans and claims on banks and central banks rose by

€2.7bn in total. By contrast, debt instruments fell by €1.2bn.

Financial assets held for trading were €33.6bn at the reporting
date, €4.6bn lower than at the end of 2021. While positive fair
values from interest-related products decreased by €8.2bn,
positive fair values from currency-related products increased by
€5.9bn. Securitised debt instruments rose slightly to €2.8bn
compared with the end of 2021.

Non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups were
€0.2bn, compared with €0.8bn at the end of 2021. The reduction
resulted in particular from the sale of Commerzbank Zrt. to Erste
Bank Hungary Zrt.

85


--- Page 12 ---

86

Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Assets | €m 31.12.2021! Change

in %
Financial assets —- Amortised cost 296,192 299,181 -1.0
Financial assets — Fair value OCI 34,887 40,115 -13.0
Financial assets — Mandatorily fair value P&L 29,912 28,432 5.2
Financial assets — Held for trading 33,573 38,155, -12.0
Other assets 82,873 61,525, 34.7
Total 477,438 467,409 2.1
Liabilities and equity | €m pT 31.12.2021" Change

in %
Financial liabilities - Amortised cost 390,385 373,976 4.4
Financial liabilities — Fair value option 25,018 19,735 26.8
Financial liabilities —- Held for trading 24,759 27,323 -9.4
Other liabilities 6,371 16,549 -61.5
Equity 30,905 29,827 3.6
Total 477,438 467,409 2.1

1 Figures adjusted due to restatements (see Group financial statements, Note 4).

On the liabilities side, financial liabilities at amortised cost were up
€16.4bn to €390.4bn compared with the end of the previous year.
The increase versus year-end 2021 was attributable to a marked
rise of €17.8bn in deposits and other financial liabilities, especially
from corporate and retail customers. Bonds and notes issued fell
by €1.4bn compared with the end of the previous year.

Financial liabilities under the fair value option amounted to
€25.0bn on the reporting date and were thus up €5.3bn compared
with the end of 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to a
seasonal expansion of securities repurchase agreements.

Financial liabilities held for trading were €24.8bn, down
€2.6bn compared with the end of 2021. The decrease was due to
the negative fair values of derivative financial instruments,
especially interest-rate-related derivative transactions, which fell
by €6.2bn. By contrast, negative fair values of currency-related
derivative transactions increased by €5.0bn.

Provisions fell by €0.2bn compared with the end of the
previous year to €3.5bn. The decline was mostly due to lower
restructuring provisions under the “Strategy 2024” programme.

The elimination of the full €0.7bn of liabilities from disposal
groups resulted in particular from the sale of Commerzbank Zrt. to
Erste Bank Hungary Zrt.

Equity

The equity capital attributable to Commerzbank shareholders
reported in the balance sheet on 31 December 2022 was €26.9bn,
up 4.5% compared with year-end 2021. Further information on
the change in equity can be found on page 159 ff. of the Group
financial statements.

Risk-weighted assets were €168.7bn as at 31 December 2022
and thus €6.5bn lower than at year-end 2021. This change was
attributable to a decrease in risk-weighted assets from credit and
market risks. The decrease in credit risks mainly resulted from
declines in securities positions and two new securitisation
transactions at mBank. This was partly offset by increases from the
anticipation of initial effects from model adjustments under the
“IRB Repair” programme set up by the banking supervisory
authorities. The decrease in risk-weighted assets from market
risks was caused by improved regulatory requirements due to a
reduction in the regulatory multiplier and by position changes.
The inclusion of the increased income for 2022 due to the annual
update of the three-year time series (standardised approach) led to
an increase in risk-weighted assets from operational risks and thus
had a slightly offsetting effect. The switch from the internal model
to the standardised approach was made in the fourth quarter of
2021.

As at the reporting date, Common Equity Tier 1 capital was
€23.9bn, compared with €23.8bn as at 31 December 2021. The
positive impact of the net profit, actuarial gains and improved
foreign currency reserve on Common Equity Tier 1 capital was
partly offset by a negative development of the revaluation reserve
and higher regulatory capital deductions. The Common Equity
Tier 1 ratio was 14.1%, compared with 13.6% in the previous
year. This increase in the ratio was mainly due to the decrease in
risk-weighted assets. The Tier 1 ratio was 16.0% as at the
reporting date, compared with 15.5% as at the end of 2021.


--- Page 13 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility Management Report

5 Basis of the C
81 Economic report

91 Segment perform

This improvement was also attributable to the decrease in risk-
weighted assets, even though it was no longer possible to count
AT1 instruments as core capital under the CRR provisional rules.

Hard core capital ratio
at a comfortable 14.1%

Tier 2 capital was reduced due to the cancellation of a Tier 2
bond, the elimination of Tier 2 instruments from temporary
grandfathering and amortisation effects (eligibility based on
residual maturity). The new issues of two Tier 2 bonds increased
Tier 2 capital by around €0.9bn. The total capital ratio (with
transitional provisions) was 18.9% as at the reporting date,
compared with 18.4% as at the end of 2021. Own funds decreased
by €0.3bn year on year to €31.9bn as at 31 December 2022.

The leverage ratio, which is equal to Tier 1 capital divided by
leverage ratio exposure, was 4.9%.

Funding and liquidity of the
Commerzbank Group

The liquidity management of the Commerzbank Group is the
responsibility of Group Treasury, which is represented in all major

>mmerzbank

Financial Statements Further Information

nce
tunities report

Group locations in Germany and abroad and has reporting lines in
all subsidiaries.

Liquidity management comprises both operational and
strategic Operational management
encompasses management of daily payment inflows and outflows,
planning for payment flows expected in the short term and
management of access to central banks. The division is also
responsible for access to unsecured and secured sources of
funding in the money and capital markets and the management of
the liquidity reserve portfolio. Strategic liquidity management

components. liquidity

involves managing maturity profiles for liquidity-relevant assets
and liabilities within specified limits and corridors. Additional
information on this subject can be found in the “Liquidity risk”
section of the Group risk report.

Guidelines for the funding profile and funds are derived from
the business strategy and reflect risk tolerance. The Group's
funding is appropriately diversified in terms of investor groups,
regions, products and currencies. Top-level decisions about
liquidity management are taken by the Group Asset Liability
Committee (ALCO), which meets at regular intervals.

The quantification and limitation of liquidity risks is carried out
via an internal model in which expected cash inflows are
compared against expected cash outflows. The limits set are
monitored by the independent risk function. ALCO and the Board
of Managing Directors receive regular reports on the liquidity risk
situation.

Capital market funding structure’
As at 31 December 2022

Subordinated debt 12% a a

Preferred senior bonds 17%

Covered bonds 49%

around €55.1bn.

Non-preferred senior bonds 22%

* Based on reported figures.

In the 2022 reporting period, the money and capital markets were
dominated by the Russia-Ukraine war, the energy crisis, inflation
and the ECB’s interest rate increases. Commerzbank’s liquidity
and solvency were assured at all times. Furthermore, the Bank’s
liquidity management is always able to respond promptly to new
market circumstances.

The Commerzbank Group raised a total of €8.2bn in long-term
funding on the capital market in the 2022 reporting year. Of this,
€5.7bn was attributable to Pfandbriefe and €2.4bn to unsecured
issues. Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft issued a total of five
mortgage Pfandbriefe in benchmark format with a total volume of
€5.25bn and maturities of between three and ten years. The
average re-offer spread was around four basis points above the
swap midpoint.

87


--- Page 14 ---

88

Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

After issuing its third own green bond with a volume of €500m
in June, Commerzbank issued a non-preferred senior bond with a
volume of €600m and a term of five and a half years in September.
The bond is callable after four and a half years, and the re-offer
spread was 220 basis points above the swap midpoint. Another
bond was issued with a volume of CHF 120m and a term of four
years.

In addition, two subordinated Tier 2 bonds with volumes of
€500m and GBP 350m respectively were placed on the capital

market. The two bonds have a term of 10.25 years and a call
option after 5 years. Secured and unsecured private placements
with a combined volume of around €800m were also issued.

In the year under review, Commerzbank repaid the majority of
the funds from the ECB’s targeted longer-term refinancing
operations III programme (TLTRO III) ahead of schedule. At year-
end 2022, Commerzbank still had €9bn in TLTRO III funds.

Group capital market funding 2022
Volume €8.2bn,

Other bonds €0.7bn

————<—e

Tier-2 bonds
€0.9bn

Non-preferred senior bonds
€0.9bn

Pfandbrief bonds
€5.7bn

As at the reporting date, the Bank had a liquidity reserve of
€104.7bn in the form of highly liquid assets. The liquidity reserve
portfolio works as a buffer in stress situations. It is funded in line
with the liquidity risk appetite to ensure that it is kept at the
required size throughout the entire reserve period stipulated by
the Board of Managing Directors. Part of this liquidity reserve is
held in a separate stress liquidity reserve portfolio managed by
Group Treasury to cover liquidity outflows should a stress event
occur and ensure solvency at all times.

The Bank also holds an intraday liquidity reserve portfolio. As
at the reporting date, the total value of this portfolio was €6.1bn.

At 141.1%
Commerzbank was well

(average of the last 12 month-end values),
above the minimum 100% level required
for the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR). Commerzbank’s liquidity
situation as at the end of the reporting period was therefore
comfortable given its conservative and forward-looking funding
strategy and complied internal

with limits and applicable

regulatory requirements.


--- Page 15 ---

our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

sis of the Cc

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

ommerzbank G

81 Economic report

9 ent pe

Summary of 2022 business position

The difficult economic situation — primarily in connection with the
energy crisis, the sharp rise in inflation and the Russia-Ukraine
war — meant that the 2022 financial year was another particularly
challenging one for the banking sector.

Despite these challenging conditions, Commerzbank can look
back on a successful 2022 financial year. Major parts of the
restructuring, which had a profound impact on the entire
organisation and characterised large periods of the first two years
of the implementation process, have now been largely completed.
For example, we have already finalised most of the planned gross
reduction of 10,000 full-time positions. The reduction of almost
9,000 positions was contracted by the end of 2022, the majority of
them in Germany. A large part of the remaining reduction will
come from the optimisation or closure of foreign locations, which
can be achieved without major implementation risks. At the same
time, we have rationalised our domestic branch network more
quickly than we had planned two years ago. Of the original 1,000
branches, 450 remained by mid-2022, meaning that we achieved
the reduction originally announced as part of our strategy ahead of
schedule.

Successful fiscal year 2022

The progress that we have made is demonstrated in impressive
fashion in the results for the 2022 financial year. The income
performance in the first six months of the year under review was
significantly better than planned and enabled us to adjust our
expectations for operating income in 2022 as set out in the Annual
Report 2021 to the — steadily
performance — despite the difficult underlying conditions and
considerable policy-induced charges at our Polish subsidiary
mBank. Whereas at the beginning of the year we were still
anticipating that the total operating income achievable for the year
under review would be roughly at the same level as the previous
year, we raised our expectations with the publication of the 2022
half-year report. Our income grew at a double-digit rate in the
2022 financial year. This exceptionally strong income momentum
was driven by robust customer business in both segments, while
the ECB’s interest rate increases obviously also gave us a boost.

Against the backdrop of continuing difficult conditions, the risk
result was almost 54% higher than in the previous year at
€-876m, but still in line with our expectations communicated
during the second half of the year of around €-0.7bn — assuming
the utilisation of TLAs.

reflect successful business

mance
tunities re

We regularly reviewed existing TLAs during the year. As a
result, we had a TLA balance of €-482m available as at
31 December 2022, compared with €-523m as at 31 December
2021, to cushion expected further crisis effects.

Despite growing inflationary pressures and further increases in
compulsory contributions, especially at mBank, we maintained a
high level of cost discipline in the year under review. We were
able to reduce our operating expenses in the previous financial
year despite continued high capital expenditure. Overall, operating
expenses including compulsory contributions decreased by 3.2%
in 2022. At just under €6.5bn, costs were only slightly above the
target figure of €6.4bn. This also reflects the higher variable
remuneration due to the very positive growth in operating profit.
Excluding this effect and the higher compulsory contributions, we
reduced the Bank’s operating cost base by almost 10% overall last
year.

Overall, despite exceptional charges at our Polish subsidiary
mBank, we generated an operating profit of €2.1bn, significantly
above the forecasts made at the beginning of 2022. The success of
the past year was based on a sharp increase in income and the
continuation of highly disciplined cost management. This enabled
us to significantly exceed the consolidated profit forecast of more
than €1bn for 2022.

In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment, the
focus in the 2022 financial year was on implementing the central
initiatives under the “Strategy 2024” programme. The main focal
points were the expansion of the online and mobile banking
channels, the digitalisation of processes and procedures, and the
launch of the “advisory centre” distribution channel. The advisory
centre has been progressively and successfully launched at all 12
locations since mid-September 2022. Skilled advisors are available
to customers by telephone, e-mail or video, including in the
evenings and at weekends, to discuss all financial matters such as
accounts, cards, securities investments and real estate financing.
On the income side, supported by the turnaround in interest rates
we were again able to achieve tangible growth in the Private and
Small-Business Customers segment in the past financial year. This
was reflected in a significant increase in net interest income. As
expected, net commission income failed to match the previous
year’s level. The decrease compared with 2021 reflects a €30bn
drop in the volume of securities to €189bn as a result of the
weaker stock markets. By contrast, the volume of loans further
increased by around €3bn to €124bn. The volume of retail
mortgage financing increased to €95bn, although new business
cooled noticeably in the course of the year under review. The
volume of deposits expanded by around €7bn to €155bn.

89


--- Page 16 ---

90

Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Overall, the Private and Small-Business Customers segment
significantly increased its operating income compared with the
previous year, in line with our expectations. It was also able to
more than offset the high charges from the provisions for foreign
currency loans at mBank. Against the backdrop of the difficult
macroeconomic environment, the risk result increased
significantly compared with the previous year. This was also in line
with our expectations. Costs in Germany fell slightly as expected,
but this was not fully reflected in total operating expenses for the
segment as a whole due to an increase in costs at mBank. We were
nevertheless able to keep operating expenses slightly below the
prior-year level; given the significantly higher operating income
recorded, this led to a tangible improvement in the cost/income
ratio. Overall, the segment’s operating profit increased as
expected, while the operating return on equity also showed a
pleasing year-on-year improvement, as anticipated.

The Corporate Clients segment focused on implementing
strategy measures in the 2022 reporting year. The establishment
offering differentiated and efficient

of a business model

relationship management, the creation of the technical
infrastructure and further digitalisation projects were the focal
points of capital expenditure in the Corporate Clients business.
With our “Mittelstandsbank Direkt”, we established the first
genuine direct banking offering for companies in the German
market. As at the end of the year, we were already servicing
around 6,000 customers through this channel. Earnings in the
individual areas showed a positive trend compared with the prior-
year period. The Mittelstand division benefited in cash
management from higher income in deposit business and higher
payment transactions income. The division also generated higher
income from currency and commodity trading in the capital
market business, while the lending business posted a stable
performance. In the International Corporates division, higher
income from transaction banking and the capital markets business
in particular contributed to higher profit. The Institutionals
division also posted an extremely positive performance. Higher
income — particularly from cash management —- contrasted with
somewhat lower income from bond issues. The Others division,
which includes hedging and remeasurement effects, recorded

asignificant year-on-year rise in income that was primarily

attributable to remeasurement effects. Contrary to our
expectations, the segment recorded a pleasing increase in income
overall compared with the previous year. As expected, the risk
result was significantly higher than the previous year’s figure,
mainly due to individual cases connected with Russia. Also as
expected, operating expenses fell year on year thanks to
successful cost management. Overall, the higher income — despite
an appreciable rise in the risk result — led to a significant increase
in operating profit. Accordingly, the cost/income ratio improved as
expected. Contrary to our expectations, the operating return on

equity increased significantly compared with the previous year.

Customer segments with
significant earnings growth

On the whole, Commerzbank can be more than satisfied with
the 2022 Despite the difficult
environment and the high exceptional charges in Poland, we more
than tripled our consolidated profit, an even greater increase than
expected. This was based on strong customer business and, with
the tailwind of higher rates,
accelerated over the course of the year. In addition, the Bank was
able to despite

financial year. economic

interest income momentum

reduce its operating expenses increasing
inflationary pressure. The loan portfolio has also proven to be
robust in view of the economic uncertainties and the
consequences of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. As expected, the
net return on tangible equity was significantly higher than in the
previous year at 4.9%. At 68.6%, the improvement in the
cost/income ratio including compulsory contributions compared
with the previous year exceeded our expectations. The Common
Equity Tier 1 ratio rose to a comfortable 14.1%. This figure
already takes into account the amount set aside for the planned
distribution of 30% of consolidated profit.

The business performance in 2022 thus offers a solid basis for

further implementation of the “Strategy 2024” programme.


--- Page 17 ---

© our Shareholders nsibility Management Report

5 Basis of the Comm

nic report

Dutlook and o}

Financial Statements Further Info:

mation

Segment performance
portunities report

Segment performance

The comments on the segments’ results are based on the segment
structure described on pages 262 f. of the notes to the Group
financial statements.

Further information can be found in Note 58 to the Group
financial statements.

Private and Small-Business
Customers

The Private and Small-Business Customers segment comprises
Commerzbank’s German business — online and mobile, in the
advisory centre and in person at local level — along with the
comdirect brand, Commerz Real and the mBank Group. With just
under 11 million customers in Germany and roughly 5.7 million
in Poland, the Czech Republic
Commerzbank is one of the leading banks for private and small-
in these markets.

customers and Slovakia,

business custome!

Private and Small-Business Customers — earnings performance

Income before risk result 5,269 4,685

Risk result -392 -319

Operating expenses 3,417 3,473

Compulsory contributions 460 318

Operating profit/loss 1,000 574

Average capital employed 6,724 6,175 8.9
Operating return on equity (%) 14.9 93 5.6
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) — excl. compulsory

contributions 64.9 74.1 -9.3
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) — incl. compulsory

contributions 73.6 80.9 -73

7 Figures adjusted due to IFRS 8.29 (see Group financial statements, Note 4)

Despite the challenging operating environment, the Private and
Small-Business Customers segment significantly improved both its
profitability and its cost efficiency in 2022 compared with the
previous year. In spite of considerable special charges at mBank
and higher expenses in the risk result, the operating profit of
€1,000m was significantly higher than the 2021 figure thanks to a
marked increase in operating income and a decline in operating
costs.

Total segment income before risk result increased by 12.5% to
€5,269m in the period under review. The 51.9% increase in net
interest income to €3,942m was largely driven by mBank. The
significant rise in key interest rates in Poland since autumn 2021
had a particularly positive impact. As a result, the deposit business
made a significant contribution to mBank’s net interest income,
which more than doubled. Rising lending and deposit volumes
led to Interest-bearing
business in Germany also recorded a positive performance. Firstly,

also corresponding income growth.

the further increase in total lending in the domestic market
resulted in income growth, including in connection with retail
mortgage financing and individual loans. Secondly, the turnaround
in interest rates generated additional deposit income. In addition,
the year-on-year increase in net interest income in the Private and
Small-Business Customers segment was noticeably impacted by
the income generated in the first half of the year in connection
with special repayments of mortgage loans.

Net commission income was 6.9% below the prior-year level at
€2,245m. Securities volumes declined in Germany, mainly due to
weak market developments in the year under review, which was
reflected in declining commission income. By contrast, income
from payment transactions increased. Higher commission income
at mBank was due in particular to an increase in income from
payment transactions.

Other income items totalled €-918m, compared with €-324m
in the prior-year period. The significantly negative amount

91


--- Page 18 ---

92

Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

reported in the period under review was primarily attributable to
three factors: a considerable increase in provisions for legal risks
in connection with mortgage financing in Swiss francs at mBank,
charges against earnings due to deferrals of interest and
repayment of private real estate financing at mBank, and lower fair
value results.

The risk result was €-392m in the 2022 reporting period,
compared with €-319m a year earlier. The increase was largely
due to the posting of the secondary effects TLA. The secondary
effects TLA is still necessary in view of the crisis-related economic
uncertainty — increased energy costs, for example - and will
therefore remain in place for 2023. Further information on the TLA
can be found on page 126 of the Group risk report.

Operating expenses were slightly reduced by just under 2% in
the period under review to €3,417m. Cost reductions of almost
3.1% reflecting the progress made with the
transformation process, offset by significantly higher

in Germany,
were
operating expenses at mBank, which resulted in particular from a
rise in the number of employees and salary increases. The
increase of €141m in compulsory contributions to €460m was
largely due to a new mBank levy for an enhancement to Poland’s
deposit insurance scheme.

Overall, the Private and Small-Business Customers segment
posted a pre-tax profit of €1,000m in the period under review,
compared with €574m in the previous year.

Corporate Clients —- earnings performance

Corporate Clients

The Corporate Clients segment comprises four reporting areas.
The Mittelstand, Corporates and
divisions are responsible for business with our core customers: the
Mittelstand division covers Mittelstand (SME) customers and

International Institutionals

domestic large corporates with the relevant products they require.
The International Corporates division looks after corporate clients
headquartered abroad and large German multinational companies.
division is

The _ Institutionals responsible — for

relationships with banks in Germany and abroad, as well as those

managing

with central banks and selected non-bank financial institutions
(NBFIs) such as insurance companies and pension funds.

The segment offers customers the complete range of products
of an international full-service bank, from traditional credit
products and individually tailored financing solutions to cash
management and trade finance, investment and hedging products
and customised capital market solutions. The Others division

handles all business that either has a cro

segment risk
management function or falls outside the strategic focus of the
Corporate Clients segment. This mainly relates to assets
transferred from the former run-off segments and effects from

hedging positions.

€m PT 2021 Change in
%/%o-points

Income before risk result 3,792 3,169 19.7

Risk result -446 -149

Operating expenses 2,160 2,267 -47

Compulsory contributions 120 96 24.4

Operating profit/loss 1,066 656 62.6

‘Average capital employed 10,040 9,891 15

Operating return on equity (%) 10.6 6.6 4.0

Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) — excl. compulsory

contributions 57.0 71.6 -14.6

Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) — incl. compulsory

contributions 60.1 74.6 -14.5

The performance of the Corporate Clients segment in the 2022
reporting year was characterised by a high level of uncertainty and
apersistently challenging These

challenges include, in particular, significant increases in raw

operating environment.
material, energy and producer prices as well as ongoing supply
chain problems. Despite a significant increase in the risk result
compared with the previous year, due mainly to the Russia-
Ukraine war, considerably higher income resulted in particular in

an increase in operating profit to €1,066m, compared with €656m
in the prior-year period.

Here, the Mittelstand division recorded positive income growth
compared with the prior-year period. In particular, the division
benefited in cash management from higher income in deposit
business and higher payment transactions income. The division
also generated higher income from currency and commodity
trading in the capital market business, while the lending business


--- Page 19 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

mi

posted a stable performance. In the International Corporates
division, higher income from transaction banking and the capital
markets business in particular contributed to higher profit. The
Institutionals also posted an
performance. Higher income — particularly from cash management —
contrasted with slightly lower income in lending business and
from bond issues. The Others division, which includes hedging
and remeasurement effects, recorded a significant year-on-year
rise in income that was primarily attributable to remeasurement
effects.

division extremely _ positive

In the year under review, income before risk result was €623m.
higher than in the prior-year period at €3,792m. At €2,076m, net
interest income was a full €388m higher than the prior-year level,
while net commission income of €1,321m exceeded the prior-year
level by €72m, mainly due to an increase in foreign currency
business and trade finance. Net income from financial assets and
liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss rose by
€178m to €436m as a result of remeasurement effects.

The risk result in the period under review was €-446m,
compared with €-149m in the prior-year period. The marked
increase was primarily attributable to the Russia-Ukraine war. The
share of the secondary effects TLA attributable to the segment
amounted to €-284m as at 31 December 2022, which was fully
recognised in the income statement in 2022. Further information
on the TLA can be found on page 127 of the Group risk report.

Operating expenses were reduced by €107m compared with
the prior-year period to €2,160m. The decline resulted from lower
personnel and administrative expenses achieved through strict
cost management. The reported compulsory contributions of
€120m relate primarily to the European banking levy. Compulsory
contributions of €96m were recorded in the previous year.

Overall, the segment posted a pre-tax profit of €1,066m,
compared with €656m in the prior-year period.

Others and Consolidation

The Others and Consolidation segment contains the income and
expenses which are not attributable to the two business segments.
Others covers, for example, Group Treasury, equity holdings not

Management Report
amerzbank Gi
eport

89 Segment performance
tunities re

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

allocated to the business segments and overarching matters such
as expenditure on regulatory fees. Consolidation reconciles the
figures shown in segment reporting with the Group financial
statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS). Others and Consolidation also covers the costs
of staff, management and support functions, which are then
charged to the segments. In addition, restructuring expenses for
the Group are reported centrally in this segment.

The Others and Consolidation segment reported an operating
profit of €33m for 2022, compared with an operating loss of
€-47m in the prior-year period. The positive change was primarily
attributable to the elimination of the negative impact on earnings
in the previous year resulting from the termination of the project
to outsource securities settlement to HSBC Transaction Services
GmbH, a net positive effect from the recognition and reversal of
provisions, a lower negative impact on earnings from the residual
portfolio of the dissolved Asset & Capital Recovery segment —
mainly on account of lower net loan loss provisions — and higher
income from real estate sales. These were offset by lower positive
net remeasurement effects and by a reduction of €24m to €149m
in additional income from the fulfilment of the conditions in
connection with targeted longer-term refinancing operations
(TLTROs) with the ECB (in part because the previous year also
included amounts relating to 2020, since the fulfilment of the
credit volume requirement was not established until 2021) and a
lower positive Group Treasury result. The fall in the Group
Treasury result was primarily attributable to internal fair value
compensation payments to the Private and Small-Business
Customers segment for special repayments of mortgage loans due
to the rise in interest rates and was partially offset by higher
income from the measurement of interest rate hedges in the
commercial banking book compared with the previous year.

Others and Consolidation recorded a pre-tax loss of €-61m for
the 2022 financial year. This figure included restructuring
expenses of €94m relating primarily to property matters in
connection with the implementation of the “Strategy 2024”
programme.

93


--- Page 20 ---

94

Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Outlook and opportunities report

The global tightening of monetary policy will
growth in the world economy. China is the only economy likely to
experience stronger growth in 2023. Although the current wave of
coronavirus infections is likely to still weigh on growth at the
beginning of this year, the cancellation of the strict zero-Covid

markedly slow

strategy means that economic activity should pick up again from
the spring. This will also be helped by the fact that the government
is to again place greater emphasis on promoting growth in its
2023 economic policy. For example, it has implemented far-
reaching measures to support the ailing real estate sector.

In the USA, the Federal Reserve is likely to increase its policy
rate corridor by a further 75 basis points to between 5.25% and
5.50% by the summer. That is because the labour market is still
very tight and wage pressure is correspondingly high. The marked
tightening of monetary policy suggests there may be a recession
in the US economy in 2023. Higher financing costs have already
put a significant damper on the real estate market.

A recession in the USA will weigh on the eurozone economy, as
will high inflation and tighter monetary policy at the ECB. By the
summer, the ECB is likely to have raised its deposit rate by a
further 100 basis points to 3.50%. For a number of reasons,
however, the economy is not expected to collapse in the way that
it did during the financial crisis of 2008-2009 or after the outbreak
Firstly, gas rationing has become unlikely.
Secondly, many governments have decided to provide assistance
to their citizens and businesses. Thirdly, supply chain issues have

of coronavirus.

now peaked. Many companies will now find it easier to work
through their order backlogs, which are still at a very high level.

The suspension of the Stability and Growth Pact will continue
into 2023, meaning that member states will still be allowed to have
budget deficits that exceed 3% of GDP. EU member states will
also continue to receive money from the EU Recovery and
Resilience Facility in 2023. We are expecting the eurozone
economy to stagnate on average over the year in 2023. We predict
that the German economy will contract by 0.5%.

We are anticipating some easing on the financial markets in
2023. Though yields are likely to rise somewhat in the first few
months of the new year, if the US Federal Reserve and the ECB
respond to the decline in inflation by ending the cycle of interest
rate increases in the summer, bond yields are likely to fall. That is
particularly true for corporate bonds.

The euro has slipped below parity against the US dollar at
times owing to fears of an energy crisis, which would have mainly
affected the eurozone and less so the US with its own supplies. As
the risk of gas rationing has now decreased, the euro/US dollar
exchange rate has recovered. The alignment of ECB and US
Federal Reserve monetary policy suggests that the euro/US dollar
exchange rate will remain largely unchanged in 2023.

Shares rallied significantly in the autumn, due mainly to the
prospect of falling inflation rates. Nevertheless, equity markets are
likely to remain volatile in the first half of the year. This is mainly
due to disappointing corporate earnings, which are likely to be
impacted by rising interest rates, high input costs and the
recession.

Exchange rates 31.12.2022, 31.12.2023"
Euro/US dollar 1.07 1.08
Euro/Sterling 0.89 0.91
Euro/Zloty 4.68 4.65

"The figures for 2023 are Commerzbank forecasts.

Future situation in the banking
sector

Our views regarding the expected development of the banking
sector structurally and over the short and medium term are
basically unchanged from the statements we published in recent
reports. In the short term especially, the risks are still to be
regarded as very challenging. Against the backdrop of the higher
cost of debt and enormous increases in the cost of living, more
corporate and personal insolvencies must be expected in the
coming months.

The net debt of many borrowers has risen sharply in recent
years due to very favourable financing conditions. The resulting
need for value adjustments will affect both retail and corporate
banking business.

Russia’s war in Ukraine and the suspension of its gas supplies
have exacerbated the economic situation, particularly in Europe,
to such an extent that both industry and households are suffering
as a result. Although the negative effects on the economy and
society are being mitigated by the support packages that have
been agreed, this means having to accept a significant increase in
public debt everywhere in Europe.


--- Page 21 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

at

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

94 Outlook and opportunities report

For most European countries, Germany included, recession or
at best economic stagnation therefore appears inevitable in the
coming months, which will put pressure on the earnings situation
in the banking sector. Because many companies have so far
passed on only part of their additional costs to consumers, the
core rate of inflation in particular is likely to remain high.

Added to this are ongoing risks associated with the coronavirus
pandemic. Further waves of infection and the associated adverse
effects on the economy - especially in China —- are thus
conceivable. German banks’ net interest and commission income
would be negatively affected by the feared weakness of the export
industry, which is so important for the country’s economy.
Heightened volatilities on financial markets are also contributing
to the noticeable burden in the form of increased loan loss
provisions and financial requirements for banks. Business with
corporate and small-business customers
considerable pressure. Business with retail customers is also being

is therefore under

affected, as the sharp rise in inflation is having a negative impact
on private consumption. The financial buffers built up during the
coronavirus restrictions due to the increased propensity to save
are now likely to be running out for many households. Demand for
residential mortgages, which has so far been very robust owing to
the lack of affordable housing, is also beginning to weaken
markedly as mortgage interest rates continue to rise.

In the case of residential real estate, the first indications of
anoticeable slowdown in the price momentum seen for many
years are becoming increasingly apparent in Germany. The partly
weak and uncertain prospects for income, coupled with the
significant increase in interest rates since the beginning of 2022,
are increasingly slowing the previous upswing in the residential
real estate market. The sharp rise in interest rates has led to a
marked decline in new mortgage business, both in Germany and
in many other eurozone countries, even though mortgage volumes
as a whole have continued to grow. Noticeable declines were
recorded above all for loans with long fixed-interest periods of at
least ten years. This is likely to lead to declining earnings. At the
same time, however, margins on deposits are improving as a result
of the general rise in interest rates, which may well more than
offset the negative effect mentioned above. In this respect, the
risks for the banking sector are more likely to result from a decline
in the quality of the assets held. That is because long-term loans
increase exposure to interest rate risks, payment delays and
defaults. They also harbour the risk of losses in the value of
property pledged as loan collateral.

According to the Deutsche Bundesbank’s Financial Stability
Report from the end of November 2022, this issue presents
considerable downside risks for the banking sector in Germany.
Above all, a further worsening of the energy crisis accompanied by
a sharp economic slump represents a risk scenario for the German
financial system. Vulnerabilities to adverse macroeconomic trends
have increased over the years owing to the prolonged low interest
rate environment and associated very cheap credit, along with
considerable asset price growth. That applies both to the
corporate sector — despite a significant increase in core capital
ratios since the financial The
sustainability of household debt still appears robust at present, but
it is being undermined by the sharp decline in real income. The
risk of contagion effects between the countries of the eurozone,
which are closely interconnected in economic, political and
financial terms, should also not be underestimated.

crisis - and to households.

In 2023, the banking industry
continues to face major challenges

To enhance the resilience of the German financial system, the
German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) issued
general rulings in 2022 to activate the countercyclical capital
buffer of 0.75% and introduce a sectoral systemic risk buffer of
2% for residential real estate financing. Both buffers must be held
since the beginning of February 2023. In addition, regulators are
requiring lenders to be mindful of prudent lending standards for
residential mortgages. At the European level, the European Union
is carrying out a review of the macroprudential framework. In view
of the high risks to financial stability, the European Systemic Risk
Board advocates further enhancing resilience in the European
financial system through higher capital buffers, or at least
maintaining the existing capital buffers. To expand the scope for
macroprudential action,
instruments are also being called for. There are concerns,
however, that a constant expansion of regulatory requirements

policy additional income-related

may well have a counterproductive effect in view of the financing
efforts that banks need to make in connection with the digital and
above all sustainable transformation of the economy.

The outlook with regard to banks’ interest margins has
brightened. For a long time, persistently low interest rates were
considered one of the key challenges.

95


--- Page 22 ---

96

Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Central banks reacted to the far-reaching economic impact of
the pandemic with bond purchase programmes, extensive liquidity
provision and a zero interest rate policy. Government lending
programmes also had a negative impact on banks’ interest
margins and profitability. Achievable net interest margins were
therefore very low throughout Europe, but particularly in the
German banking market. At the same time, refinancing costs rose
due to the growth in customer deposits. The picture has now
changed. In response to the rapid pace of inflation, central banks
around the world have significantly tightened their monetary
policy. A marked increase in credit interest rates, including in
Germany, is enabling banks to improve their interest margins and
thus also boosting the income trend across the entire financial
sector. It remains to be seen, however, whether central banks,
such as the Fed or the ECB in particular, will decide to change
course in favour of an interest rate reduction policy given the
heightened danger of a recession in their economic areas. In
addition, the fierce national competition among German banks
means that earnings potential in retail banking remains limited
even with improved interest margins, especially as deposit rates
are also likely to rise further over time.

As in the dominant interest-bearing business, the prospects in
trading business can currently be regarded as positive as a result
of the volatile market environment. However, many institutions
have partially or even completely withdrawn from direct trading in
the past. But the banking sector can also benefit indirectly:
together with increasing trading volumes, higher market volatility
means higher commission income in securities business. It is
highly likely that the number of private shareholders in Germany
will continue to increase over the next few years despite the
growth in investment alternatives as interest rates continue to rise.
As a consequence, and with the growing popularity of digital and
mobile products, there will be greater demand for individual
financial advice among bank customers who are less comfortable
with technology and hugely unsettled by the economic turbulence.
Given the existing demand for advice on complex banking
transactions such as retail mortgage financing, branch business
will therefore remain part of the basic service provided by banks,
albeit in a pared back form.

In view of the income problems and ongoing competitive
pressure, cost reduction remains the key issue both for German
banks their European competitors. result,
digitalisation of business processes and the utilisation of the data
generated will advance rapidly. The pandemic has already
massively accelerated the trend towards digital banking services.

and for As a

The trends in customer behaviour that were pushed forward
during the crisis — more online banking and new payment habits —
are set to continue. This calls for highly automated IT processes
and comprehensive data analytics methods that permit rapid
adjustments in response to changing market conditions. This is
encouraging the increasing shift away from branch-based retail
banking, resulting in efficiency gains and a reduction in the range
of products and services but also making it more difficult to
generate commission income.

Consistent cost management
continues to be a focus

The new digital business models, with their ever shorter
innovation cycles and the need for faster product delivery, require
the use of forward-looking technologies such as the cloud and
artificial intelligence. A cloud-first strategy with corresponding
migration of the IT systems also offers the advantage of driving
forward the modernisation of the existing core systems. At the
same time, despite the pressure to innovate and reduce costs
many traditional banks are faced with the central challenge of
ensuring the quality and stability of their IT systems, protecting
themselves against the growing threat of cyber attacks and
maintaining the integrity of their data.

Against the background of the technological transformation
referred to, the German banking market in particular is on the
brink of a major upheaval. Over the longer term there will be a
drastic reduction in the number of institutions and even more
intense competition. More and more global technology groups,
fintech companies, foreign banks and market infrastructure
providers stock exchanges, clearing houses and
information service providers will start offering a selection of
traditional banking products. It seems unlikely that competitors
from the tech segment will provide a full range of banking
services, however. A significantly stricter regulatory framework for
financial market players outside of the traditional banking sector,
as recently advocated by the Bank for International Settlements
(BIS), is also likely to limit the current competitive advantages of

such as

young fintech companies in the foreseeable future. Overall,
established banks must invest continuously in their digital
competitiveness in order not to lose their direct customer access
and the associated data advantage. Adequately positive returns
can only be achieved through additional cost reductions and
further expansion of commission-based business areas.


--- Page 23 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

at

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

94 Outlook and opportunities report

In the long term, the banking sector will be shaped by the
further development of the European monetary union into an
integrated financial market union. The aim of the European
Commission’s digital finance strategy is to establish a financial
market that applies uniform EU-wide rules and thus ensures
technology neutrality and sustainability as well as identical
framework conditions for all providers. Many banking markets in
Europe are still dominated by national legislation, with at times
significant divergence in terms of regulations and customer
requirements. There is also overcapacity almost everywhere,
which reduces profitability. Although the market consolidation
process is continuing, with the number of banks falling steadily
both in Germany and in Europe over the past few years, this has
mainly involved smaller banks being taken over or merged with
one another. Greater consolidation is being prevented above all by
the marked rise in the risks associated with takeovers and
mergers, which is due to the increasing importance of technology
for sales channels.

The European banking union is still a work in progress, leaving
a great deal of leeway for individual member states in terms of
banking regulation. Progress has been made, however, with the
completion of the Basel 3 capital rules. Most recently, agreement
was also reached on revising the rules for banks that get into
difficulties. However, the lack of an acceptable EU-wide deposit
insurance system (EDIS) in particular has thus far prevented
further market integration. The EDIS is the third element in the
European banking union, alongside the already active Single
Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) and the existing Single Resolution
Mechanism (SRM).

In addition to the planned introduction of a digital euro,
another intended step towards greater harmonisation across
Europe is the creation of a common payment system (EPI) that is
set to become the new standard for payments by consumers and
merchants. The EPI could provide European banks with greater
lending volumes, as it would give them an entry into the business
of payment card companies based outside the EU. In addition to
the way in which we will use money in the future, and the role of
central bank money in this, banking regulation is focusing
increasingly on the management of ESG (environmental, social
and governance) risks. According to the World Economic Forum
(WEF), the three greatest challenges of our time in the coming
years will be climate change, extreme weather events and the loss
of biodiversity. With this in mind, the EBA intends to embed
climate and environmental risks more firmly in banks’ risk
management processes, including mandatory disclosure of climate
risks. For example, an initial climate stress test was carried out
last year.

Climate risks are also set to be a focus of future ECB stress
tests, enabling banks to better assess their consequences for their
business environment.

According to the Bundesbank, the German financial system is
well equipped to overcome the risks arising from higher taxes on
fossil fuels. However, the financing requirements of the European
Commission’s planned green deal could lead to green quantitative
easing. This is new, and moreover not uncontroversial, because to
date none of the world’s central banks have pursued a monetary
policy that is explicitly oriented towards climate protection goals.

Climate-friendly project financing is entering a new phase.
Initiatives targeted include increased electrification, expansion of
energy transmission and distribution infrastructure including grid-
scale storage, emissions reductions in energy-intensive industries
such as steel and cement, and solutions for preserving natural
biodiversity. The signs of this new era are already visible. In
addition to continued investment in power generation, they
include increased support for new technologies such as hydrogen
generation and grid storage, as well as product innovations to
finance CO2 reduction.

In Poland, the increasingly restrictive monetary policy pursued
by the central bank NBP since October 2021 following the
previous coronavirus-related cuts in the policy rate has ensured
that interest margins for the Polish banking sector have tended to
improve. It remains to be seen, however, whether a decline in the
quality of the loan portfolio will lead to significantly higher risk
costs and increased loan defaults. The economic environment is
still extremely fragile, the effects of the Ukraine war are directly
tangible, and sharp rises in consumer prices are impacting the real
disposable income of private households. In addition, following
the last rate move by the NBP in September 2022, policy rates are
unlikely to be raised further in the foreseeable future due to a
noticeable decline in Polish GDP growth. Inflation is likely to
remain very high, with the increase in the minimum wage at the
beginning of 2023 also contributing to this. The strained relations
with the EU are also weighing on the economic outlook. Bank
earnings are therefore likely to remain under pressure, while the
trend towards consolidation in the Polish banking market is set to
continue. Furthermore, legal developments and their potential
impact on major market participants such as mBank regarding
their portfolio of loans issued in Swiss francs and other foreign
currencies must continue to be closely monitored. The “credit
holidays” instrument introduced in this context will also weigh on
the earnings of Polish banks. As a result, mBank has initiated a
new settlement programme with a view to reaching individual
agreements with customers in its Swiss franc loan portfolio.

97


--- Page 24 ---

98

Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Financial outlook for the

Planned funding measures

The funding plan for 2023 envisages a volume of around €5bn.
Commerzbank’s borrowing on the capital market is influenced by
its business performance and planning as well as the evolution of
risk-weighted assets. Commerzbank has access to the capital

market through a broad range of products. In addition to

unsecured funding instruments (preferred and non-preferred
senior bonds, Tier 2 subordinated debt and Additional Tier 1
capital), when refinancing Commerzbank can also issue secured
funding instruments, in particular mortgage Pfandbriefe and
public-sector Pfandbriefe. As such, Pfandbriefe are a key element
of Commerzbank’s funding mix. These give Commerzbank stable
access to long-term funding with cost advantages compared with
unsecured sources of funding. Issuance formats range from large-
volume benchmark bonds to private placements.

Group maturity profile of capital market issues as at 31 December 2022
€bn

12
. ' : 7
0 : | | =
T T T T T T T T T T 1
2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 2033 >2033
{MN Covered bonds IB Unsecured bonds Subordinated debt
By regularly reviewing and adjusting the assumptions used for In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment,

liquidity management and the long-term funding requirement,
Commerzbank will continue to respond actively to changes in the
market environment and business performance in order to secure
a comfortable liquidity cushion and an appropriate funding
structure.

Planned investments

For the 2023 financial year, we have budgeted for €0.5bn in direct
costs for IT investments. Around one-third of this investment will
continue to be devoted to the restructuring of the business model
and the digitalisation of retail banking business. We will invest the
remaining funds in the further digitalisation of processes in
corporate client business and in IT infrastructure/operations.
Regulatory measures are included in the above areas.

Private and Small-Business Customers
The main investment targets in 2023 remain the central initiatives
relating to the “Strategy 2024” programme.

Commerzbank is building on the milestones reached in 2022 to
further develop the digital and personal business model. The main
focus is on further developing the digital advisory bank — complete
with comprehensive mobile offerings — and achieving greater
penetration of the Wealth Management, Private Banking and
premium Small-Business Customers segments through
supplementary services and personal advice.

In digital banking, the focus of investments in 2023 will be on
the continual expansion of online services. Building on the
progress made last year, further steps in the onboarding process
when opening accounts for small-business customers will be
digitalised. Important foundations are also being laid for the
further expansion of online banking. In addition to the ongoing
improvement of operational stability, the focus here is on the
establishment of daily banking services with transaction and
financial overviews developed from scratch in both technical and
functional terms, along with further modernisation of online
payment services. Customers will also be provided with a new
home page that they are able to personalise. The banking app will

be expanded to include important features such as text chats with


--- Page 25 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

at

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

94 Outlook and opportunities report

an integrated intelligent chat bot and will be progressively
developed into an allround service and sales channel.

The data-based customer approach will be further expanded in
2023, and further progress will be made along the path to a cloud-
based infrastructure.

In securities business, further investments will be made in the
digitalisation of securities trading and securities service processes
Work will continue on optimising securities
systems and order In addition, the
functionalities of the money mate securities investment system will
be further expanded.

In retail mortgage financing, most of the investment will be
devoted to the further digitalisation of our new omnichannel
lending platform in order to optimise customer service in loan
applications and the loan decision process for customers.
Following the successful launch of the retail mortgage financing
application process stage, a modern and digital lending decision

in all channels.

settlement functions.

process stage will be developed next year, thus taking another
important step towards enhancing quality and efficiency while
consistently
Commerzbank is also planning further investments to digitalise
manual processing steps in the process for existing loans.

In instalment the step
omnichannel capability is planned with the digital advisory
process for the advisory centre and advisory branches. To this end,
important functional enhancements will be made and the degree
of automation of instalment loan processing will be significantly
increased.

focusing on  customer-specific requirements.

loans _ business, final towards

With regard to account products, one particular focus in 2023
will be on expanding the digital processes for concluding
contracts with the various types of new customers. There will also
be further digitalisation and automation of the necessary approval
processes as required following the ruling by the German Federal
Court of Justice on price adjustments for retail customers. To give
due consideration to sustainability as a cornerstone of the Bank's
strategy, investments will also be made in the development of a
green deposit product.

Another focal point of investment is the expansion of the
digitalised inbox system to improve process efficiency.

In the 2023 financial year, further investments will also be
made in an efficient and modern set-up of the branch business.
Around 50 more branches will be closed. At the same time, more
than 100 branches will be modernised and digital contact points
for customers expanded within them. Additional options for
dispensing cash are being developed, for example through the use
of third-party locations or collaborative arrangements.

For the advisory centre, the focus will be on further developing
the range of services and driving forward process digitalisation in
order to optimise the customer experience. In this context, the
platform and technology are being built up on an ongoing basis.

In terms of regulation, alongside the implementation of the
fully automated online KYC review process for natural persons, the
focus in 2023 will be on working out the detail of the questions on
PAIs (Principle Adverse Impact Indicators) in the investment
advisory process as required by the guidelines of the European
Securities and Markets Authority. The target market check for
advisory orders will also be expanded to include additional details
on sustainability preferences. Another focus of investment is on
ensuring that the system complies with the requirements arising
from the new provisions in the German Defence against Tax
Havens Act for the opening of financial accounts.

Corporate Clients

Investments in the Corporate Clients segment in 2023 will
continue to focus on the implementation of Commerzbank’s
strategic objectives. This takes account of the significant changes
in customer expectations through digitalisation. The use of digital
channels is increasing at all relevant customer interfaces.
Furthermore, the integration of sustainability aspects must be
taken into account in the context of investments.

Commerzbank continues to focus on German SMEs, large
companies and institutional customers.
centred in particular on expanding digital services and on
administrative matters to further improve the customer experience
for our corporate clients. We also offer our international customers
a global platform via which they can use applications such as real-
time foreign exchange trading (FX Live Trader/Live Confirm),
payment transactions (Global Payment Plus), self-service features

(trade finance, master data management) and external digital

Investments will be

services.

The global rollout of a uniform and efficient KYC workflow tool
will also be completed worldwide, thereby providing technical
support for and simplifying the process of ensuring compliance
with legal requirements. In addition, the focus will be on further
platform consolidation with a view to reducing costs over the long
term.

In transaction banking, we will continue to invest in the
of payment transaction systems and take account of
further customer requirements. The worldwide shift in payment
transactions requires further investment in system adaptation both
in Germany and abroad.

In order to further digitalise the trade finance product offering,
investments are being made in products and collaborations based
on distributed ledger technology (DLT).

In particular, further investment will be required to comply with
regulatory requirements in the areas of payment transactions and
capital markets. We will also press on with the digitalisation of
sales and advisory processes and the automation of trading

renewal

processes for capital market products.

99


--- Page 26 ---

100 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Further improvements in communication between IT systems
will enable us to work even more closely with our customers and
partners.

IT & Operations

Commerzbank will continue the ongoing optimisation of its IT
structure in 2023, with further significant investments in the
expansion of cloud technology and the digitalisation of the
workplace environment.

Commerzbank therefore remains on track with the
digitalisation and streamlining of its business. On the IT side, the
Bank will also focus on modernising the IT architecture and
putting the technological base on a more professional footing. The
digitalisation of the product range will also continue. In addition to
digital account management and the expansion of functions in the
online portals, the focus is on account access via APIs (application
programming interfaces), virtual accounts and expanded SWIFT
services. In the current financial year, we are also anticipating a
growing need for investments in connection with the
implementation of regulatory requirements.

In addition, investments will be made to further optimise costs
and automate and enhance IT and_ operational stability,

particularly with regard to cyber security.

Anticipated liquidity trends

The short-term repo market in high-quality securities (high-quality
liquid assets or HQLA) such as government bonds, agency
(issued by quasi-governmental US issuers) and
Pfandbriefe continues to play an important role in servicing the
bond markets and financing portfolios.

securities

The Eurosystem and its securities lending programme for
holdings under the asset purchase programme (APP) and
pandemic emergency purchase programme (PEPP) are still
important methods for meeting collateral requirements in trading
activities, particularly with respect to German government bonds.
Under these programmes, maturing securities continue to be
reinvested in order to ensure that there is ample liquidity in the
markets while also preventing any negative impact on the
appropriate monetary policy stance. Taking into account the
outstanding TLTRO volume as well as the large ECB securities
holdings under the APP and the PEPP, central bank collateral
remains highly sought after. We expect that repos in HQLA will
continue to trade under the deposit facility for the foreseeable
future, as this will continue to generate high demand.

This will also be supported by the reinvestment of maturing
securities from the ECB’s programmes. Investors are generally
less willing to make their collateral available over the medium
term (longer than three months), meaning that the market for term
repos still offers only limited liquidity, especially across important
reporting dates.

The situation on the bond markets is being influenced by high
inflation, the ECB’s increasingly restrictive monetary policy in this
context, supply bottlenecks and high energy costs as well as
weaker economic data and expectations. Therefore, even despite
the generally rising level of government debt, we expect German
government bond yields to remain relatively low — by historical
standards — even in the long-term segment, including as a result of
continuing reinvestments by the ECB. Demand for secure
investments among financial investors will also continue to be very
strong, causing credit spreads to be relatively stable. Overall,
however, we do not anticipate any liquidity shortfalls in connection
with the Russia-Ukraine war.

Managing opportunities at
Commerzbank _

The demands placed on modern, sustainable banking business
and the overall framework conditions have changed markedly in
the past few years. Whereas personal customer relationship
management was formerly a key element, these days customers
expect multi-channel advisory services, digital financial offerings
and individual, tailor-made products that are available at any time.
We have responded to this by continuously adapting our strategic
direction over the past few years. We are undertaking a far-
reaching restructuring under our “Strategy 2024” programme.
The aim of the restructuring is to combine the benefits of a fully
digitalised bank with personal advisory services, an unwavering
customer focus and sustainability. Our goal is to be the digital
advisory bank for Germany. With our new positioning, we want to
become more efficient and create sustainable prospects for our
workforce, customers and shareholders. Further information on
our “Strategy 2024” programme can be found on page 75 f.

As part of its comprehensive digi ation, the Bank is
significantly streamlining its branch network and expanding its
range of digital services. In our branches that remain in the target
portfolio, we will offer advice on all aspects of accounts, cards and
instalment loans and, at
comprehensive support on all matters relating to assets and

selected locations, additional

financing.


--- Page 27 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

at

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

94 Outlook and opportunities report

The round-the-clock service is also being significantly
expanded. This is being offered through our advisory centre,
which will become the most important contact channel for
personal service and for advising our customers. With the advisory
centre we are creating something completely new, drawing on the
expertise and experience of Commerz Direktservice, the comdirect
brand and the branches. Whereas personal advice was previously
only available in our branches, in future our customers will also be
able to obtain advice through the new advisory centre. Advisory
services can be obtained at home or while out and about, wholly in
line with customer needs. This can be done by telephone, video or
chat — including in the evening and at weekends. Going forward,
therefore, we will be offering our customers three access routes:
the advisory centre, our branches and the digital channel. Through
this approach, we can offer them the appropriate services at a time
that suits them and via their preferred access route. All 12
advisory centre locations are already up and running. Staffing and
customer migration had been completed by the end of November.
In addition to an already successful relaunch of the online
customer portal, we have now also started the pilot project for
small-business customers.

We will
consistently and across the board. Within the lending process for
private customers, this includes, for example,
products such as instalment loans or increases in credit card
limits. We are also taking advantage of the high growth potential
in the German premium market to restructure our service model
for high-net-worth private and small-business customers. In this
way, we aim to become the bank for entrepreneurial wealth
management. In the future, both generalists and specialists

continue to automate our business processes

standardised

covering a diverse range of customer requirements will be
represented in premium branches at a number of locations. By
working closely with each other and with colleagues in the
Corporate Clients segment, they will help the Bank ensure
seamless customer service in both the private and the business
sphere.

We intend to further enhance our strong positioning in serving
German SMEs. As the leading trade finance bank in Germany, we
ensure a presence along altered trade corridors. To this end, we
are steadily simplifying the trading platform. In the Corporate
Clients segment, we are focusing on clients with a clear
connection to Germany. As such, we closed several international
sites in the course of 2022. We are gradually introducing an
innovative direct banking offering — Mittelstandsbank Direkt — for
corporate clients that require standardised products and advisory
services.

Corporate customers with complex advisory requirements will
continue to benefit from personalised relationship management.
Advice is being combined with innovative services such as the
digital bank for companies and forward-looking, sustainable
products.

Data-based solutions and sales analytics support sales and
enable efficient relationship management. The employee migration
in the Corporate Clients segment took place in mid-November
2022. This was the starting signal for the new target structure and
the new service model. The full migration of 6,000 clients to
Mittelstandsbank Direkt was completed by the end of 2022.

We will transform the Bank across all segments. This
transformation affects our strategy, technology, skills and culture,
while also taking into account the particular risk in the form of
cyber attacks. Customer trust built up over years facilitates the use
of smart data and is thus a competitive advantage in the digital
age. When introducing new applications, the focus is on the
customer perspective. we have been
supported in this by our subsidiaries CommerzVentures (venture
capital fund for participation in fintechs, insurtechs and climate
fintechs) and neosfer (formerly Main Incubator). As a research and
development technologies,
innovations and early-stage investments by Commerzbank. This is
done by (neosfer.invest),
developing business models or ventures internally (neosfer.build),
and building ecosystems around the sustainable and digital future
of our society (neosfer.connect). With this realignment, neosfer is
now consciously linking up its future-oriented skills in the area of
digitalisation with those it possesses in the area of sustainability.

Commerzbank is driving its cultural change with the aim of
strengthening a performance culture geared to success. We want
to strengthen entrepreneurial thinking, as befits the start-up

For some time now,

unit for future neosfer enables

investing in early-stage start-ups

mentality, including among our own employees, applying modern
forms of cooperation and agile methods to develop innovative
products. To this end, we introduced the Delivery Organisation
(DO) at head office back in 2019. Its overarching purpose is to
modernise the IT architecture while maintaining operational
stability, expand capabilities and capacities, and develop new
professional functionalities for our customers. An innovative
collaboration model

was also launched within the DO to reduce

complexity and create clear responsibilities. For this purpose, we
have assigned clusters to different layers in order to simplify
complex processes. In mid-2022, we entered the implementation
phase of the structure set up as a project; the organisational target
structure is to be put in place in the course of 2023.

101


--- Page 28 ---

102 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Our transformation offers both potential cost savings and
growth opportunities in future markets such as digital ecosystems,
embedded finance, digital assets and sustainability. Our activities
in the area of sustainability, one of the four cornerstones of our
“Strategy 2024” programme, are based on ESG (environmental,
social and governance) criteria. Given the clear evidence of the
impact of climate change, we are currently focusing more heavily
on climate protection. Further information on our sustainability
strategy and on our sustainability goals and activities can be found
in the combined separate non-financial report on page 42 ff.

Overall, we are convinced that rigorous implementation of the
measures already initiated and those recently adopted will enable
us to create added value for our customers, employees, investors
and shareholders, and for society as a whole. We have a clear goal
in mind: to create a strong Commerzbank that is fit for the future.

Anticipated performance of the

Commerzbank has successfully completed the first half of its four-
year transformation programme “Strategy 2024”. While the focus
in the past two years was on restructuring with the associated
reduction in personnel, the emphasis is now on expanding
profitable customer business.

The framework conditions for the Bank’s financial ambitions in
2024 have changed. While higher interest rates open up additional
earnings potential, Commerzbank will not be able to fully escape
the pressure on costs due to high inflation. With a slightly weaker
forecast for the risk result, these factors mean that the Bank is
targeting an operating profit of €3.2bn in 2024. We had previously
been expecting an operating profit of €3.0bn for 2024. As a result,
a higher net return on tangible equity of more than 7.3% is
expected, while the target cost/income ratio is unchanged at an
ambitious 60%.

The strategic priorities for 2023 are shaped in particular by the
successful establishment of the new business model for both
private and small-business customers and corporate clients. With
a clear focus on profitable customer business, the speed of
transformation is to be maintained unabated. Huge importance
will be placed on continued strict cost discipline, with a focus on
the cost/income ratio. At the same time, Commerzbank plans to
make further progress in the area of ESG and sustainability.
Finally, a high priority for Commerzbank is to increase its
attractiveness as an employer so that it can successfully manage
demographic change.

Commerzbank expects the environment for banking to remain
challenging in 2023. A mild recession with continued high
inflation and associated higher interest rates has a material impact
on the expected financial results for 2023. Commerzbank bases its
expectations on consensus macroeconomic data, which are
collected at regular intervals by Consensus Economics. Germany's
gross domestic product is expected to experience a mild
recession, reflected in negative growth of -0.5%. At the end of
2022 inflation of 7.0% was anticipated for Germany. The
consensus for the ECB’s deposit rate based on the December
survey is an average of 2.25% for 2023; this has been factored
accordingly into Commerzbank’s planning. Furthermore, short-
term interest rates for mBank’s business in the Polish market are
expected to remain above 6%.

Anticipated performance of individual
earnings components

Higher interest rates already had a positive impact on net interest
income in 2022. For 2023, we expect a further slight increase in
net interest income to over €6.5bn. In the event that the higher
forward interest rates from January 2023 are realised on the
market and the interest pass-through on deposit balances remains
five percentage points below the expected 30%, net interest
income is expected to total €7.1bn. The driver for this increase is
wider margins in customer deposits. In particular, non-interest-
bearing demand deposits from customers can be invested at
higher interest rates than in the past. In 2023, this will more than
offset the loss of €189m in extraordinary income received in 2022
from longer-term refinancing operations with the ECB (TLTRO).
The slowdown in new retail mortgage business will not yet have a
significant impact on net interest income in 2023. Instead,
Commerzbank expects volumes and margins to remain largely
stable across the entire loan book. mBank in Poland contributed in
particular to the increase in net interest income for the Group last
year. However, the Bank expects the trend to be largely flat in
2023, reflecting an increased pass-through of interest rates to
mBank customers.

Net commission income for the current year is expected to be
at the same level as in the previous year. Slightly weaker

commission income in securities business with retail customers is

likely to be offset by higher income in corporate client business, as
are effects in private customer business from customer attrition
due to branch closures.


--- Page 29 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

at

Financial Statement:

Information

94 Outlook and opportunities report

Net income from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair
value through profit or loss is generally subject to increased
volatility, which can be influenced only to a limited extent. This is
due in part to the regarding
developments on the global capital markets. Accounting rules are
a factor too. Sometimes they may require similar items to be
presented as fair value measurements in the fair value result in
one time period, whereas the interest component dominates in
another. Year-on-year shifts between the income items net interest

fundamental uncertainty

income and fair value result - and vice versa - are therefore
possible. A portion of this income component is therefore directly
related to net interest income. With its risk-oriented and customer-
focused approach, Commerzbank, like mBank, seeks to achieve
income that is as high and stable as possible. After the fair value
result made a clearly positive contribution of €451m to Group
earnings in the 2022 financial year, a lower or even negative
contribution cannot be ruled out for the current year.

Target 2023:

nificant growth in both the
operating result
and the consolidated result

Experience has shown that the other income items, including
realised profit or losses on financial instruments and other net
income, are often affected to a large extent by one-off income and
measurement effects that are usually impossible to predict. A
largely break-even result is forecast for the 2023 financial year.
Further charges cannot be ruled out in respect of the provisions
for legal risks in connection with mortgage loans issued in foreign
currencies at mBank, whose effects are reflected under other net
income. After large provisions were recognised in 2022, however,
no material expense is expected for the current year.

Following a figure of €-876m last year, Commerzbank also
expects a charge from the risk result of less than €-900m for
2023. This expectation takes into account at least partial utilisation
of the top-level adjustment (TLA) of €482m as at the end of 2022.
This TLA reflects expected secondary effects in the loan book due
to factors including global supply chain bottlenecks and the
consequences of the war in Ukraine.

Operating expenses, including compulsory contributions, are to
be further reduced to €6.3bn in the current year despite high
inflation. However, the cost/income ratio is used as the core
performance indicator for the Bank. This means that operating
expenses reflect any deviations from budgeted income and, for
example, determine whether funds for investment are released or
withheld. The expenses for variable remuneration are also affected
by deviations from budgeted income.

Overall, in addition to operating profit the consolidated profit
attributable to Commerzbank shareholders and investors in
additional equity components is also expected to increase
significantly in 2023. This should be accompanied by an increase
in the distribution ratio for shareholders from 30% to 50% for the

2023 financial year.

Anticipated segment performance

Private and Small-Business Customers

In the Private and Small-Business Customers (PSBC) segment, the
focus in the current year will be on effectively adapting customer
business to the new business model. With the branch network in
Germany reduced to around 450 branches last year and expected
to reach the target size of 400 branches this year, around 8 million
branch customers will be served from the advisory centre with its
12 locations. The aim is to ensure that earnings potential is
leveraged in line with the altered customer service situation and
that potential customer attrition is effectively limited. At the same
time, further investments will be made in digital applications and
processes. This is intended to further strengthen comdirect’s very
good market position. In the current year, particular attention will
be paid to personal service and business potential with high-net-
worth private customers.

Net interest income should increase due to the rise in interest
rates in the current year, when the prior-year figure is adjusted for
the Group-neutral extraordinary
adjustments of around €90m in the second quarter of 2022. A
similar position is excluded for 2023 as the underlying offsetting
procedure in the Group has been adjusted.

Commerzbank is expecting a slight decline in net commission

income from fair value

income for the PSBC segment. The reason for this forecast is the
expectation of largely unchanged equity indices, particularly in
Germany. As a result, both portfolio-related and transaction-
related income from securities is likely to be lower than in the
previous year, when stronger markets — particularly in the first
quarter of 2022 — boosted income.

With regard to both net interest income and net commission
income in the PSBC segment, mBank is expected to contribute at
the same level as in the previous year.

Overall, we expect net income in the PSBC segment to be
significantly higher than in the previous year, on the assumption
that the high one-time charges at mBank in Poland resulting from
the credit holidays and from provisions for legal risks in
connection with mortgage loans issued in foreign currencies will
not recur in the current year.

103


--- Page 30 ---

104 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Operating expenses in the PSBC segment, including mandatory
levies, are expected to be at the same level in 2023 as in 2022.
While lower costs are expected for Germany owing to the
advanced progress of the headcount reductions, the planning for
mBank foresees higher costs in the current year because of
inflation.

Despite expecting a higher charge for the risk result in the
PSBC segment than in the previous year, we expect operating
profit to increase year on year due to rising income. As such, the
operating return on equity should increase significantly and the
cost-income ratio in the PSBC segment should fall.

Corporate Clients

In the Corporate Clients (CC) segment, too, the focus in the
current year will be on intensifying customer business. The
overriding priority is to generate further earnings potential by
providing effective support for German SMEs in their business
activities. In so doing, Commerzbank is responding to altered
global trade flows and will ensure that it supports its customers
along the SMEs,
Commerzbank has established “Mittelstandsbank Direkt”, which is

relevant trade corridors. For smaller
already providing high-quality direct banking services for 6,000
customers nationwide from its Hamburg location. This model will
be further expanded in the current year and is set to be opened up
to new external customers in the second half of the year.
Commerzbank will continue its efforts to improve the return on
capital employed in the CC segment in 2023.

Commerzbank is expecting a further significant increase in net
interest income in the CC segment due to higher market interest
rates, which allow corporate client deposits to be reinvested at
higher margins than in the past.

Net commission income is also expected to be slightly higher

than in the previous year. In addition to hedging transactions, such
as those carried out in connection with foreign currency
transactions, cash management is also a driver of this increase.

As the quality of forecasting for all other income items in the
Corporate Clients segment is subject to a high degree of
uncertainty, the possibility that other income will not reach the
2022 level cannot be ruled out. Overall, therefore, the possibility
that total income in the segment will be lower than in the previous
year cannot be ruled out either.

In terms of operating expenses, Commerzbank expects costs in
the Corporate Clients segment to be lower than in 2022. This will
be driven by the advanced progress of the headcount reductions in
the segment and in the back office units, which will
positive impact on the segment through lower cost allocations.

then have a

We are expecting slightly lower charges for the risk result in
the Corporate Clients segment compared with the previous year.
This is based on the assumption that the economic slowdown will
only lead to a mild recession in Germany and that the expected
negative effects have already been partially anticipated through
the TLA in place at the end of 2022.

In summary, without the additional potential from higher
forward interest rates materialising, we are expecting a slightly
higher operating profit for the Corporate Clients segment in 2023.
The operating return on equity should therefore remain stable with
slightly higher risk-weighted assets, while there is likely to be a
slight improvement in the cost-income ratio.

General statement on the outlook for the Group

For the 2023 financial year, Commerzbank expects to significantly
exceed both the operating profit of the previous year and the
consolidated profit attributable to Commerzbank shareholders and
investors in additional equity components. The main reasons for
the expected increase are higher net interest income, the
elimination of high one-time charges at mBank in Poland and
lower operating expenses in the Group. Accordingly,
Commerzbank is expecting a further increase in the net return on
tangible equity towards the target of more than 7.3% in 2024.

Commerzbank’s target for its Common Equity Tier 1 capital
ratio is based in part on the capital requirements resulting from
the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). This
minimum requirement culminates in the MDA threshold, which is
approximately 10.1% for the first quarter of 2023. This compares
with a CET1 ratio of 14.1% at year-end 2022. Commerzbank thus
has a significant capital buffer above the regulatory minimum
requirements. Commerzbank is still expecting a CET1 ratio of
around 14% for 2023. This target already takes into account a
planned distribution of 50% of net income after deduction of fully
discretionary AT1 coupons for the 2023 financial year.

There are numerous risk factors that could nonetheless affect
the 2023 profit forecast to a considerable, though not reliably
quantifiable extent, should events take an unfavourable turn.
These still include high global economic risks.

Geopolitical risks such as the Russia-Ukraine war, which could
significantly accelerate existing inflationary trends through the
massive increase in raw material prices, also have the potential to
weaken the expected economic recovery and thus have an impact
on our business performance. Moreover, trade disputes triggered
by political tensions between the economic blocs of Europe, North

America and Asia remain possible.


--- Page 31 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

at

Risk Report

94 Outlook and opportunities report

Other risk factors include unfavourable trends in the regulatory
or legal environment and a further tightening of the competitive
situation in Germany. Along with inflation-related cost increases, a
fall in margins to levels that are unattractive from a risk-return
perspective could also delay and/or limit the effectiveness of the
expected positive effects of the measures to increase
Commerzbank’s profitability over the coming years. For further
information on other risks, see page 139 ff. of the Group risk
report.

In Poland, there is still no immediate prospect of a final
supreme court ruling on the legal situation concerning lawsuits
brought by private customers relating to Swiss franc real estate
loans, meaning that further charges cannot be ruled out. Further
information on the statement on this matter made in mid-February
2023 by the Advocate General of the European Court of Justice can
be found in the report on the events after the reporting period in
the Group financial statements on page 298.

Group risk report

The Group risk report is a separate reporting section in the Annual
Report. It forms part of the Group management report.

F

nancial Statements

Further Information

105


--- Page 32 ---

Group risk report

In the Group risk report, we give a comprehensive presentation of the risks
we are exposed to. We provide a detailed insight into the organisation and key
processes of our risk management. Our primary aim is to ensure that all risks
in Commerzbank are fully identified, monitored and managed based on
adequate procedures at all times.



--- Page 33 ---

108

109

117

132

135

138

139

Contents

Executive summary 2022

Risk-oriented overall bank management

109
110
112
113
115

Risk management organisation
Risk strategy and risk management
Risk ratios

Risk-bearing capacity and stress testing

Regulatory environment

Default risk

117
117
122

128

Strategy and organisation

Risk management

Commerzbank Group

125 Private and Small-Business Customers segment
126 Corporate Clients segment

Further portfolio analyses

Market risk

132
132
133
134
135

Strategy and organisation
Risk management
Trading book

Banking book

Market liquidity risk

Liquidity risk

135
135
136
136
137
137

Strategy and organisation

Risk management

Liquidity risk model
Quantification and stress testing
Liquidity reserves

Liquidity ratios

Operational risk

138
138

Strategy and organisation

Risk management

Other risks

139
142
143
144
147
148
148
149
149
150

Legal risk
Compliance risk
Reputational risk
ESG risk

IT risk

Cyber risk

Human resources risk
Business strategy risk
Model risk

Further development

107


--- Page 34 ---

108 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Executive summary 2022

Economic uncertainty and the consequences of the Russian invasion of Ukraine are still weighing heavily on the macroeconomic outlook.
The model-based parameters used to establish loan loss provisions do not yet fully reflect these effects. The secondary effects TLA booked
in this regard continues to reflect adequately the anticipated effects. In the remaining risk figures, the expected uncertain development is
currently primarily perceptible in the figures for Central and Eastern Europe, where the current situation is reflected in an increased expected
loss and thus a higher risk density.

Risk-bearing capacity ratio stood at 160% as at 31 December Risk-bearing capacity

€b
2022 " 176 % 160 % RBC ratio
° The risk-bearing capacity ratio remains well above the minimum 22 22

Risk coverage potential
Economicall
=

required capital

requirement.
e The increase in economically required capital compared to
December 2021 is mainly due to higher market and operational

. 1221 12/22
risks.
The Group’s exposure at default increased EaD 470 517
€bn
e The Group’s exposure at default increased from €470bn to
€517bn in 2022. {Mill Private and Small-Business Customers
° The risk density declined from 18 basis points to 17 basis points HI Corporate Clients
over the same period. Others and Consolidation
12721 12122
Risk result for the Group amounted to €-876m in 2022 Risk result
€m
e Compared to the previous year the risk result increased
significantly and was impacted in particular by the Russia-
-876

Ukraine war. -570 HE Group
e The direct effects of the coronavirus pandemic have abated to |
the point where no further charge is expected from it.

12721 12122
sek i . + « VaR
Market risk in the trading book increased in 2022 &m
e Value at Risk (VaR) increased in 2022 from €7m to €13m. 13
e The reason for this is the increased market volatility resulting 7 1 Group
from the Russia-Ukraine war, which led to new crisis scenarios c
confidence level 99%
in the VaR calculation. Holding period 1 day
1221 12122
Operational risk increased year on year Risk-weighted assets from operational risks
€bn
e In 2022 risk-weighted assets from operational risks increased to
€21.2bn. 19.8 21.2
e The total charge for OpRisk events fell from €1,136m in the
previous year to €951m. MM Group

12/21 12/22



--- Page 35 ---

Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Risk-oriented

Informa

nancial Statements Furthe

Risk Report f
08 Executive summary 2022

109  Risk-oriented overall bank management
7 Defai

overall bank management

Commerzbank defines risk as the danger of possible losses or
profits foregone due to internal or external factors. In risk
management, we normally distinguish between quantifiable and
non-quantifiable types of risk. Quantifiable risks are those to which
a value can normally be attached in financial statements or in
regulatory capital requirements, while non-quantifiable risks
include compliance and reputational risk.

Risk management organisation

Commerzbank regards risk management as a task for the whole
Bank. The Chief Risk Officer (CRO) is responsible for developing

and implementing the Group’s risk policy guidelines for

quantifiable risks, laid down by the Board of Managing Directors,
as well as for measuring these risks. The CRO regularly reports to
the Board of Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board’s Risk
Committee on the overall risk situation within the Group.

The risk management organisation comprises Group Credit Risk
Management, Group Risk Control, Group Cyber Risk & Information

Security as well as Group Big Data & Advanced Analytics.

The CRO also has responsibility for Group Compliance. It is
Group Compliance’s responsibility to establish appropriate
governance, procedures and systems to allow the Bank to avoid
unintentional endangerment as a consequence of compliance risks.
Group Compliance is led by the Chief Compliance Officer.

All divisions have a direct reporting line to the CRO.

Risk management organisation

Group Credit Risk

Group Risk Control
Management uP Rr

Group Cyber Risk &
Information Security

Group Big Data &

Group Compliance
Advanced Analytics

The Board of Managing Directors has exclusive responsibility for
fundamental strategic decisions. The Board of Managing Directors
has delegated operative risk management to committees. Under the
relevant rules of procedure, these are: the Group Credit Committee,
the Group Market Risk Committee, the Group OpRisk Committee,
the Group Cyber Risk & Information Security Committee and the
Group Strategic Risk Committee, which decides on risk issues of an
overarching nature. The CRO chairs all these committees and has
the right of veto. The CRO is also a member of the Group Asset
Liability Committee. Here the CRO also has a right of veto on certain
topics (e.g. liquidity risk issues).

The tasks and competencies of the respective committees are
described below:

The Supervisory Board's Risk Committee is the Bank’s highest
risk committee. It comprises at
members. The Risk Committee’s tasks include monitoring the risk

least five Supervisory Board

management system and dealing with risks such as market, credit
and operational risk, reputational risk and cyber risks (including
information security at the Bank). The Risk Committee determines
the type, scope, format and frequency of the information that must

be presented to the Board of Managing Directors about strategy and
risk.

The Group Credit Committee is the decision-making committee
for operative credit risk

representatives each from the back office and front office. The

management, comprising two
Group Credit Committee takes decisions in line with the
competencies delegated to it by the Board of Managing Directors
and is responsible for managing all credit risks. It acts on the basis
of the prevailing Group credit risk strategy.

The Group Market Risk Committee monitors market risk in the
interests of the Bank as a whole and manages limit requirements in
line with risk-bearing capacity. To do this, all market risks from the
trading and banking book are analysed to identify risks early and
for active risk management purposes. The focus here is on
optimising the risk/return profile.

The Group OpRisk Committee (OpRiskCo) is responsible for
managing operational risks within the Group and in this regard acts
as the highest escalation and decision-making committee below the
Board of Managing Directors. The OpRiskCo also addresses all
important regulatory issues that arise in connection with the

109


--- Page 36 ---

110 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

management of operational risks within the Group. In addition, it
deals with standards on governance and assessing the functioning

of the Internal Control System (ICS) within the Commerzbank Group.

Details about the ICS can be found in the section on operational
risks.

The Cyber Risk & Information Security Committee (CRISCo)
monitors and manages cyber and information security risks in the
overall interests of the Bank. In this respect, it acts as the highest
decision-making and escalation committee below the Board of
Managing Directors. The CRISCo addresses all regulatory aspects
relevant to cyber and information security issues and ensures
appropriate risk management in this regard in accordance with
internationally recognised standards.

The Group Strategic Risk Committee acts as the discussion and
decision-making committee for all types of risk, and its main
objective is to monitor and manage risks at portfolio level. This
covers risk measurement, risk transparency and risk management.

The Group Asset Liability Committee (Group ALCO) is the
Commerzbank Group committee responsible for the Group-wide
and integrated management of financial resources, namely capital,
liquidity and balance sheet structure as well as net interest income,
in accordance with the regulatory framework. The Group ALCO
monitors in particular the Group's risk-bearing capacity and as such
plays an important part in the Internal Capital Adequacy
Assessment Process (ICAAP). The Group ALCO resolves the
recovery plan. Resolutions of the Group ALCO are presented to the
Board of Managing Directors for confirmation. In case of violation
of a recovery plan indicator, the Group ALCO plays a central role
regarding the escalation, the estimation of the situation and the
introduction of measures.

Moreover, risk issues are dealt with in other committees listed
below:

The Group Risk Management Executive Committee acts as the
discussion and decision-making committee within Group Risk
Management and is responsible in particular for the organisation
and strategic development of risk management as well
creation and maintenance of a uniform risk culture. It also ensures

as the

that the Group risk strategy and the resolutions of the Board of
Managing Directors are implemented in the risk function.

Compliance topics are dealt with in the Global Compliance
Board (GCB). The GCB has been established as a forum to share
updates on major compliance topics and supervisory actions
regarding compliance in the Bank. Furthermore, the GCB serves as
information platform for segments and functions about compliance
culture, changes in compliance regulations, updates of compliance-
related policies and their implications.

Risk strategy and risk management ©

The overall risk strategy, in line with the business strategy, governs
the strategic risk focus of the Commerzbank Group. It sets the risk
appetite as the maximum risk that the Bank is prepared and able to
accept while following its business objectives without exposing
itself to existential threats over and above the risks inherent in the
business. The guiding idea is to ensure that the Group holds
sufficient liquidity and capital. That also includes ensuring that the
business strategy can be implemented through a risk profile that is
commensurate with the leeway in the Group’s capitalisation as
determined by regulatory and capital market factors. Based on
these requirements, suitable limits are defined for the risk resources
of capital and liquidity available to the Group. The overarching
limits of the overall risk strategy are consistent with the indicator
thresholds of the recovery plan.

The core functions of banks as transformers of liquidity and risk
give rise to inevitable threats that can in extreme cases endanger
the continued existence of the institution. These depend on the
bank’s particular business model and are accepted in the pursuit of
business objectives. The basis for Commerzbank’s strategic
alignment is its business strategy. In the event of a sustained change
in the assessment of the inherent and existential threats to

Commerzbank, the Board of Managing Directors may have to adjust
the business model and thus the business and risk strategy in the
medium and long term. A distinction can be made between the
types of risk accepted on the basis of two fundamental threat
scenarios. The occurrence of an inherent, existential threat
jeopardises the continued existence of Commerzbank. In this case,
rescuing Commerzbank would hardly be feasible without state
measures or significant
protective guarantees, tolerance of significant deviations from

regulatory support measures (e.g.
regulatory capital requirements, rescue merger) or activation of the
Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM).

However, mitigation strategies are developed to counter these
inherent existential threats in order as far as possible to reduce the
probability of damage or the extent thereof. On the other hand, if a
threat materialises that is inherent in the business model but not
existential, there is always the possibility of mitigation through,
among other things, capital measures available on the market or the
use of appropriate capital buffers. It is therefore not necessary to
activate the Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM) in this threat
scenario. For Commerzbank, the existential threats inherent in its
business model include, for example, the default of Germany, a
tactical nuclear attack on Frankfurt/Main as Germany's financial
nerve centre and Commerzbank’s head office location, the
disintegration of the eurozone and a default of one or more of the
other major European countries or a default of the United States, a
collapse of the financial markets in connection with the loss of the
ECB’s basic functionalities or a bank run, a collapse or a massive

malfunction in global clearing houses, as well as extreme cyber


--- Page 37 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Re

attacks on states and institutions due to increasing digitalisation
and geopolitical tensions.

The (non-existential) threats inherent in the business model
include a default of one or more of the less important (peripheral)
countries in the eurozone without significant systemic spread, and
a deep recession lasting several years with severe effects on the
German economy (e.g. triggered by a global pandemic, an extreme
rise in energy prices or originating in the USA or China) and the
resulting consequences such as huge loan defaults or a sharp
outflow of customer deposits affecting the liquidity situation.
Geopolitical crises, such as that currently resulting from Russia's
war with Ukraine, or trade wars, for example between the USA and
China, may have a huge impact on global markets and threaten
Commerzbank’s business model as an international institution.
With the Russian army’s invasion of Ukraine, Commerzbank quickly
adapted to the new scenario and adjusted the management of
market, liquidity, credit and operational risks in line with the
specific requirements of the geopolitical crisis. The observable
effects on value chains and commodity prices show, however, that
the effects are also still ongoing and remain difficult to assess. In
general, the geopolitical risk profile needs to be taken into account
when defining the risk appetite in the sense of a forward-looking
determination of the (country) risk disposition for possible
geopolitical crises (e.g. with regard to China). As the digitalisation
of the business environment continues to increase and
Commerzbank undertakes its own digital transformation, cyber risk
is an inherent threat that must be accepted. Depending on the
severity and impact of a cyber attack, cyber risk can also be
considered an existential threat, which is why Commerzbank is
continuously working to improve its cyber resilience. The further
evolution and possible consequences of mBank’s situation in
connection with the Swiss franc residential mortgage loan portfolio
and with the additional credit holidays granted by the national
regulator in combination with a default by Poland pose political
risks. These may significantly threaten Commerzbank and could
require special mitigating capital market measures.

Climate change - also associated with a rapid decline in
biodiversity - may pose another inherent threat. Climate change
may be reflected in physical and transition risks for Commerzbank.
The transition aspects in particular harbour risks (as well as
in the short term that are difficult to assess.

Identifying and mitigating this threat to Commerzbank is one of the
objectives of risk strategy. Accordingly,
determined for each type of risk whether environmental risks are a
key driver. All risk types that are material in relation to
environmental risks were reflected in risk strategy and management
in the context of current industry-wide standards, the degree of
maturity of the methodology and the availability of data.

Commerzbank has

Commerzbank has made substantial progress in this area in recent
years. Nevertheless, environmental risk management remains a

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Inforrr

Executive summary 2022
9 Risk-oriented overall bank management
Defaul

field of development, which is being expanded by the bank with a
high risk strategic priority.

When pursuing its business targets, the Bank accepts these
threats inherent in its business model. It may be necessary to adjust
the business model and hence the business and risk strategies in
the medium and long term if the Board of Managing Directors’
assessment of these threats to Commerzbank changes substantially.
To the extent that it is able to do so, Commerzbank makes early
preparations in anticipation of forthcoming changes in regulatory
requirements and accounting standards. Such changes and their
(retrospective) interpretation may have lasting implications for —
and even threaten the survival of - Commerzbank’s business model.
Commerzbank accepts these regulatory risks because there are
many cases where there is no option to mitigate or manage them.

The overall risk strategy covers all material risks to which
Commerzbank is exposed. It is updated annually or on an ad hoc
basis as required and set out in further detail in the form of sub-risk
strategies for the risk types which are material. These are then
specified and made operational through policies, regulations and
instructions/guidelines. By means of the upstream risk inventory
process, Commerzbank ensures that all risk types of relevance to
the Group are identified and their materiality assessed. The
assessment of the materiality of a risk is based on whether its
occurrence could have a major direct or indirect impact on the
Bank’s risk-bearing capacity.

As part of the planning process, the Board of Managing Directors
decides how much of the risk coverage potential of the Group
should be utilised. On that basis, individual types of quantifiable risk
contributing to the capital requirements are limited in a second
stage. A capital framework is allocated to the management-relevant
units through the planning process. Compliance with limits and
guidelines is monitored during the year, and management measures
are put in place where required. In addition, further qualitative and
quantitative early warning indicators are established in the overall
risk strategy. Potential negative developments can be identified at
an early stage with the help of these indicators.

One of the primary tasks of risk management is the avoidance of
risk concentrations. These can arise from the synchronous
movement of risk positions both within a single risk type (intra-risk
concentrations) types (inter-risk
concentrations). The latter result from common risk drivers or from
interactions between different risk drivers of different risk types.

By establishing risk management and controlling processes,
Commerzbank provides for the assessment,
management, monitoring and communication of material risks and
related risk concentrations. This ensures that all Commerzbank-

and across different risk

identification,

specific risk concentrations are taken into account in its risk
management. Scenario analyses are regularly used to ensure
transparency regarding risk concentrations. The structure of the
scenarios and the integrated approach ensure that the impact of
adverse scenarios on portfolio priorities and risk concentrations are

111


--- Page 38 ---

112 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

examined in a targeted manner. Management is regularly informed
about the results of the analyses so that the potential risk of losses
can be avoided in good time.

The Group Risk & Capital Monitor is the monthly risk report,
designed for management purposes, on capital, credit risk, market
risk, liquidity risk and OpRisk topics within Commerzbank risk
management. It shows all the above risk types, including economic
and regulatory risk-bearing capacity, for the Commerzbank Group.
The report's aims include providing the Board of Managing
Directors and the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee with
transparent and comprehensive information, highlighting important
developments from a risk perspective and setting management
measures. The report is also used in particular to monitor limits and
guidelines within the overall risk strategy. Responsibility for
approving the overall risk strategy and the Group Risk & Capital
Monitor lies with the Board of Managing Directors.

Commerzbank has adopted a code of conduct that defines
binding minimum standards for Commerzbank’s corporate
responsibility, its dealings with customers, business partners and
colleagues, and its day-to-day business. It goes without saying that
the Bank complies with relevant laws, regulatory requirements,
industry standards and internal rules, and this therefore forms a
particularly important part of its risk culture. It actively requires

employees to behave appropriately, courageously, with integrity
and in compliance with rules, and any failure to comply with rules
is penalised. Expanded procedures ensure that misconduct is
evaluated in a uniform and fair manner, strengthening consequence
management on a long-term basis.

The main pillar of the Bank’s overall risk management and
culture is the concept of three lines of defence, which is a core
element of the Corporate Charter. Under the three lines of defence
principle, protecting against undesirable risks is an activity that is
not restricted to the risk function. Each unit (segment or function)
forms the first line of defence within its area of operational
responsibility and is directly responsible for identifying and
managing risks within it while complying with the prescribed risk
standards and policies. For example, the front office forms the first
line of defence in all business decisions and has to take risk aspects
into account in reaching them. The second line of defence for each
type of risk lays down standards for appropriate management of
risks of that type, monitors this and ensures the application of such
standards, and analyses and evaluates the risks. The risk function
forms the second line of defence against credit and market risks
associated with business decisions. Particularly for credit risk, this

includes involvement in the credit decision process by means of a
second vote. Units outside the risk function (e.g. Group Finance)
also operate as the second line of defence for certain risk types. The
third line of defence is Internal Audit.

Risk ratios

Commerzbank uses a comprehensive system of ratios and
procedures for measuring, managing and limiting various types of
risk. The most important of these are listed below:

Economically required capital is the amount, corresponding to
a high confidence level (currently 99.90% at Commerzbank), that
will cover unexpected losses arising from risk positions.

The risk-bearing capacity ratio (RBC ratio) indicates the excess
coverage of the economically required capital by the risk coverage
potential. Risk-bearing capacity is deemed to be assured as long as
the RBC ratio is higher than 100%.

Exposure at default (EaD) is the expected exposure amount
taking into account a potential (partial) drawing of open lines and
contingent liabilities that will adversely affect risk-bearing capacity
in the event of default. EaD is hereinafter also referred to as
“exposure”.

Expected loss (EL) measures the potential loss on a loan
portfolio that can be expected within one year on the basis of
historical loss data.

Risk density is the ratio of expected loss to exposure at default
and thus represents the relative risk content of an exposure or a
portfolio.

Value at risk (VaR) is a methodology for quantifying risk. It
involves setting a holding period (such as one day) and a confidence
level (such as 97.5%). The VaR value then denotes the relevant loss
threshold that will not be exceeded within the holding period with
a probability in line with the confidence level.

Credit value at risk (CVaR) is the economic capital requirement
for credit risk with a confidence level of 99.90%. The term results
from the application of the value at risk concept to credit risk
measurement. Credit VaR is an estimate of the amount by which
losses from credit risks could potentially exceed the expected loss
within a single year, i.e. unexpected loss. The idea behind this
approach is that expected loss simply represents the long-term
average of lending losses, but this may vary (positively or negatively)
from actual credit losses for the current financial year.


--- Page 39 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Re

Risk-bearing capacity and
stress testing

Risk-bearing capacity analysis is a key part of overall bank
management and Commerzbank’s ICAAP. The purpose is to ensure
that sufficient capital is held at all times. The risk-bearing capacity
concept is reviewed and optimised annually.

When determining the economically required capital, allowance
is made for potential unexpected fluctuations in value. Where such
fluctuations exceed forecasts, they must be covered by the available
economic capital to absorb unexpected losses (risk coverage
potential). Only the economic value of equity components that
absorb losses in the going concern approach is taken into account
in determining the economic risk coverage potential.

The capital requirement for the risks taken is quantified using
the internal economic capital model. All risk types of the
Commerzbank Group classified as significant and quantifiable
within the annual risk inventory are taken into account when
determining the economically required capital. The economic risk
approach therefore also comprises risk types that are not included
in the regulatory requirements for banks’ capital adequacy. The
model also reflects diversification effects incorporating all types of
risk. The confidence level for the calculation of economically
required capital is 99.90% and is harmonised with the going
concern approach. The quantifiable significant risks in the
economic capital model are divided into default risk, market risk,
operational risk and (not separately disclosed in the following table)
business risk and property value change risk. Furthermore, reserve
risk is included in the risk-bearing capacity calculation by means of
a corresponding risk buffer. Business risk is the risk of a potential
loss resulting from deviations in actual income and expense from
the respective budgeted figures.
substantiate a higher-level management buffer that ensures the
responsiveness of capital management. Physical asset risk is the

Business risk is used to

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Inforrr

Executive summary 2022
9 Risk-oriented overall bank management
Defaul

risk of an unexpected fall in the value of owned property which is
either already recognised as an asset in the Group’s balance sheet
or which can be recognised during the next 12 months under
contractually assured obligations with option character (especially
real estate).
horizontal risks within Commerzbank that are manifested in

Climate and environmental risks are defined as

existing risk categories, with both transition and physical risks
being considered. The annual materiality assessment of climate and
environmental risks provides a holistic overview of the impact on
existing material risk types identified in the risk inventory. Climate
and environmental risks are reflected in Commerzbank’s risk-
bearing capacity analysis through a risk buffer for default and
market risks that are materially influenced by climate and
environmental risks. Further information on climate and
environmental risks can be found in the “Environmental, social and
governance (ESG) risks” section on page 144 ff.

The results of the risk-bearing capacity analysis are shown using
the risk-bearing capacity ratio (RBC ratio), indicating the excess of
the risk coverage potential in relation to the economically required
capital. Risk-bearing capacity is monitored and managed monthly
at Group level. Risk-bearing capacity is deemed to be assured as
long as the RBC ratio is higher than 100%. In 2022, the RBC ratio
was consistently above 100% and stood at 160% as at 31 Decem-
ber 2022. The increase in economically required capital compared
to December 2021 is mainly due to higher market and operational
risks. The increase in market risk reflects the heightened market
volatility resulting from the war between Russia and Ukraine. The
main drivers for the sharp increase in operational risk are changes
in the Swiss franc complex, the inclusion of further risks in
connection with the issue of consumer protection and the first-time
inclusion of inflation in loss data. The decrease in credit risk is
mainly explained by the annual update of the parameters in the
credit risk model. The RBC ratio is still well above the minimum

requirement.

113


--- Page 40 ---

114 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Risk-bearing capacity Group | €bn

31.12.2022 31.12.2021

Economic risk coverage potential 22 22
Economically required capital’ 13 12
thereof for default risk 8 9
thereof for market risk? 4 3
thereof for operational risk 2 1
thereof diversification effects -2 -2
RBC ratio (%)* 160 176

* Including physical asset risk, risk of unlisted investments and the risk buffer for reserve
risk, for the quantification of potential fluctuations in value of intangibles, and for
climate and environmental risks.

? Including buffer for planned parameter update and model change.

3 Including deposit model risk.

4 RBC ratio = economic risk coverage potential/economically required capital (including
risk buffer)

Commerzbank uses macroeconomic stress tests to review the risk-
bearing capacity in the event of

ssumed adverse changes in the
economic environment. The underlying scenarios take into account
the interdependence of the development of the real economy and
the financial economy. They are updated quarterly and approved by
the Group ALCO. The scenarios describe an extraordinary but
plausible adverse development in the economy, focusing in
S (e.g. export-based sectors in
Germany) and business strategies of relevance to Commerzbank.

particular on portfolio priori

Current adverse developments (e.g. rising energy costs) are also
taken into account when creating the scenarios. Stress tests in the
economic perspective cover a time horizon of 12 months. The
scenario simulation is run quarterly at Group level using the input
parameters of the economic capital requirements calculation for all
material and quantifiable risk types. In addition to the capital
required, the income statement is also subjected to a stress test
based on the macroeconomic scenarios. Based on this, changes in

the risk coverage potential are simulated. Whereas the RBC ratio is
embedded into Commerzbank’s limit system, guidelines for risk-
bearing capacity are set as an early warning system in the stressed
environment. The ongoing monitoring of the limits and guidelines
is a key part of internal reporting. Defined escalations are triggered
if the limits are breached.

The risk-bearing capacity and stress testing concept is subject
to an annual internal review and is refined on an ongoing basis. The
development of the regulatory environment is also taken into
account. In addition to the regular stress tests, reverse stress tests
are implemented annually at Group level. Unlike regular stress
testing, the result of the simulation - a sustained threat to the
Bank — is determined in advance. The aim of the analysis process in
the reverse stress test is to improve the transparency of Bank-
specific risk potential and interactions of risk by identifying and
assessing extreme scenarios and events. On this be
action fields in risk management including the regula
be the ongoing
development efforts. In 2022 Commerzbank participated in the ECB
climate risk stress test. In addition to a qualitative analysis of the
status of the internal

is, for instance,
tress tests

can identified and taken into account in

climate risk stress test framework, both
transition and physical climate risk factors were analysed in relation
to counterparty and market risks on a scenario basis. In addition,
Commerzbank conducted an internal reverse climate stress test for
the first time as a strategic analysis of its own net zero targets for
specific portfolios.

In 2022 the risk-weighted assets resulting from Commerzbank’s
business activities decreased from €175bn to €169bn.

The table below gives an overview of the distribution of risk-
weighted assets, broken down by segment and risk type:

Risk-weighted assets Default Market Oper: Total Default Market —_Operatio- Total
€bn risk risk nal risk risk risk nal risk

Private and Small-Business

Customers 40 1 13 54 42 1 10 53
Corporate Clients 73 4 5 82 70 6 5 81
Others and Consolidation 28 2 3 34 33 3 5 41
Group 140 7 21 169 145 10 20 175

The global economy lost considerable momentum in 2022.
Although the
coronavirus restrictions were largely lifted in most economies,
Russ

coronavirus situation eased noticeably and

’s war against Ukraine triggered new shock waves. Fears of
an energy crisis drove up energy prices worldwide. In addition,
many companies continued to complain about a lack of upstream
products.

Russia’s war in Ukraine and the suspension of its gas supplies
have exacerbated the economic situation, particularly in Europe, to
such an extent that both industry and households are suffering as a
result. Although the negative effects on the economy and society
are being mitigated by the support packages that have been agreed,
this means having to accept a significant increase in public debt
everywhere in Europe. For most European countries, Germany
included, recession or at best economic stagnation therefore

appears inevitable in the coming months.


--- Page 41 ---

our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Added to this are ongoing risks associated with the coronavirus
pandemic. Further waves of infection and the associated adverse
effects on the economy — especially in China — are thus conceivable.

Further information on the effects of the Russia-Ukraine war, the
coronavirus pandemic and the inflation risks can be found in the
economic report and in the outlook and opportunities report in the
Group management report.

Regulatory environment

With Basel 3, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision
published among other things comprehensive rules on the
components of equity and equity ratios as well as the management
of liquidity risk. Since 1January 2014, the associated Capital
Requirements Regulation and Directive (CRR and CRD) have been
in force as the European implementation of Basel 3, with some of
the rollout taking place in stages up to 2019 (“phase-in”). Numerous
supplementary regulations have since been published, in particular
by the European Banking Authority (EBA), and these are now
progressively entering into force; this will continue in the years to
come.

With Basel 4 (“finalisation of Basel 3”), the next banking regula-
tion package is currently being agreed in Europe. The entry into
force of the corresponding CRR III and CRD V1 is currently planned
for 1 January 2025.

Commerzbank has analysed the effects of the increase in the
countercyclical capital buffer in Germany, which will take effect
from February 2023, and other currently foreseeable changes in the
countercyclical capital buffer, as well as the introduction of a
sectoral systemic risk buffer in Germany on loans secured by
residential real estate, and reflects them in its internal capital
planning.

Further information on the countercyclical capital buffer can be
found in the outlook and opportunities report in the Group
management report.

The ECB, in its capacity as the supervisory authority for the
eurozone banks directly supervised by it, conducted the annual
Supervisory Review (SREP). On
21 December 2022, in its final SREP decision for 2022, the ECB
informed Commerzbank of the results of the SREP and the

and Evaluation Process

associated supervisory requirements. It did not change the bank-
specific capital requirements for the Commerzbank Group, “P2R”
and “P2G”, set for 2023. With effect from 1 January 2023 the SREP
decision replaces the previous SREP decision.

In 2022, the ECB progressed with the establishment of environ-
mental risk management by supervised SSM banks through both a
thematic review and a comprehensive ECB supervisory climate
stress test. Commerzbank participated in both ECB initiatives with
great success, especially in comparison with its peers. The ECB

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements

8 Executive summa
9 Risk-oriented overall bank management
Defaul

expects full compliance with the requirements set out in its “Guide
on climate-related and environmental risks” by the end of 2024.

The EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive has been in
force since mid-2014. Responsibility for the drafting of resolution
plans and the resolution of at-risk banks supervised by the ECB was
transferred to the Single Resolution Board (SRB) in Brussels with
effect from 1 January 2016. At the same time, eurozone banks
started to fund the Single Resolution Fund. The SRB defines the
formal minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities
(MREL) for the banks under its responsibility on a consolidated and
individual basis.

The legal basis for setting the Minimum Requirement for Own
Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) and Total Loss-Absorbing
Capacity (TLAC) was revised at European level and published on
7 June 2019 as part of the Risk Reduction Package in the form of
the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation (SRMR II), the Bank
Recovery and Resolution Directive II (BRRD II) and the CRR II. The
BRRD II as a European directive requires implementation into
national law within 18 months. The amendments included, among
other things, adjustments to the calculation logic and, for certain
banks, a statutory subordination requirement for parts of MREL.
Most of the new provisions came into force in December 2020.

The Group-wide recovery plan was updated in the fourth quarter
of 2022 to reflect the regulatory requirements. The recovery plan
describes in detail for instance the courses of action and recovery
potential available to the Bank in the event of a crisis and which
specific recovery measures, in various stress scenarios, will enable
the Bank to complete its recovery.

Commerzbank operates in markets subject to national
supranational regulation. In addition, it is subject to the overarching
requirements imposed by accounting standards. Changes in

and

regulatory requirements and accounting standards have
significantly grown in frequency and materiality in recent years.
They may have lasting implications for the financial industry in
general
Commerzbank continues to participate actively and at an early stage
in the consultation processes aimed at preparing for the constant
changes in the operating environment. It also monitors and
evaluates current developments as regards future regulatory
projects. Specific examples of these at global level are the final
standards for revising capital requirements for market risk now
published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, and the
revision of the framework for operational risk and credit risk,
including the associated floor rules and disclosure requirements
(“Basel 4”). At the European level, Commerzbank is following,
among other things, the implementation of Basel 4, initiatives by
the European Commission to introduce a European deposit

insurance scheme and to create a capital markets union, the

and Commerzbank’s business model in particular.

European Green Deal and the EBA initiative to revise the internal
risk models.

115


--- Page 42 ---

116 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

The regulatory environment also remains challenging with
regard to compliance risks. The focus here remains on the issues of
anti-money laundering (including the implementation of the new
BaFin administrative practice and the requirements of international
standard-setters such as the EBA) and sanctions. In addition, anti-
bribery and corruption (including the United Kingdom Bribery Act
and the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act) and market
compliance (among other things new EU requirements in
sustainable finance, US requirements and CFTC regulations) are
putting further risk types into the regulatory focus.

In response to Russia's war of aggression against Ukraine in
violation of international law, the G7 states have adopted a large
number of comprehensive and, in some cases, new sanctions.
However, some of these differ in detail from each other.
Furthermore, sanctions generally come into force immediately after
publication, and no prior consultation is planned. Due to these
peculiarities in the sanctions regulation, one of the Bank's
compliance functions focuses on supporting the Bank's operating
units in adapting their processes to new regulatory requirements at
short notice, so that the applicable sanctions regulations are fully
complied with both in domestic and foreign business.


--- Page 43 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Re

Default risk

Default risk is defined as the risk of losses sustained or profits
foregone due to the default of a counterparty. It is a quantifiable
material risk and includes the sub-risk types of credit default risk,
issuer risk, counterparty risk, country and transfer risk, dilution risk
and reserve risk.

Strategy and organisation

The credit risk strategy is the sub-risk strategy for default risks and
is derived from the overall risk strategy. It is embedded in the ICAAP
process of the Commerzbank Group and forms a link between the
Bank's overall risk management across all risk types and the
operationalisation of default risk management. The overriding aim
is to ensure the adequate quality of the credit portfolio. To this end,
the credit risk strategy defines the credit risk tolerance, specifies
risk strategy priorities, provides an overview of the material credit
risk management concepts and thereby plays an integral part in
maintaining the Group’s risk-bearing capacity. The credit risk
strategy makes use of quantitative and qualitative management
tools that give decision-makers clear guidance on both portfolio
management and decisions in specific cases.

Credit risk management is a joint task of the front office and the
risk function, based on a standardised Group-wide credit risk
culture. Impeccable moral and ethical conduct in compliance with
the law and regulations is a key element of a culture of integrity and
core to the credit risk culture. Default risks are assessed against
uniform standards, regardless of segment limits. In line with the
three lines of defence principle, the front office is the first line of
defence and must take risk aspects into account when taking
business decisions.

The risk function (back office and Risk
Controlling) is the second line of defence, its fundamental task
being to manage, limit and monitor risks. The third line of defence
is Internal Audit. It is tasked with independently auditing the Bank's
processes and safeguards, and as such also assesses the activities
of the first and second lines of defence.

The Group Credit Committee is the highest decision-making
committee for operative credit risk management, comprising two
representatives each from the back office and front office. It takes
decisions in line with the competencies delegated to it by the Board
of Managing Directors and is responsible for managing all credit
risks. In so doing, the Group Credit Committee operates on the basis
of the valid credit risk strategy. Reporting to the Group Credit
Committee are sub-credit committees, which operate on the basis
of their respective rules of procedure and within the competencies
approved by the Board of Managing Directors. They comprise at
least two representatives segments and two
representatives from Group Risk Management. The sub-credit
committees are responsible for managing all credit risks in the sub-

from the

Risk Report Financial Statements Fur

08 Exec
09 Risl

17

portfolios within their respective remit and are entitled, in turn, to
sub-delegate certain credit decisions within their prescribed
competencies.

Discrete back-office areas are responsible for operational credit
risk management at portfolio level and on a case-by-case basis. The
responsibilities are separated between the performing loan area on
the one hand and Intensive Care on the other. All credit decisions
in the performing loan area are risk/return decisions. The front and
back office take joint responsibility for risk and return from an
exposure, with the front office having primary responsibility for the
return, and the back office for the risk. Accordingly, neither office
can be overruled in its primary responsibility in the credit decision
process.

Higher-risk customers are handled by specia
areas. The customers are moved to these areas as soon as they meet
defined criteria for assignment or mandatory transfer. The principal
reasons for assignment to Intensive Care areas are criteria relating
to number of days overdrawn, together with event-related criteria

ist Intensive Care

such as rating, third-party enforcement measures or credit fraud.
The Intensive Care function decides on further action based on the
circumstances of individual cases. Customers must be transferred
to Intensive Care if they are in default (for example due to
insolvency). This graduated approach ensures that higher-risk
customers can continue to be managed promptly by specialists in a
in defined

involved and

manner appropriate to the risks

standardised processes.

Risk management

Commerzbank manages default risk using a comprehensive risk
management system. The management framework comprises an
organisational structure, methods and models, quantitative and
qualitative management tools and regulations and processes. The
risk management system ensures that the entire portfolio and the
sub-portfolios, right down to individual exposure level, are
managed consistently and thoroughly on a top-down basis.

The ratios and measures required for the operational process of
risk management are based on the overarching Group objectives.
The principle of seeking a low-risk profile in all business decisions
is closely combined here with the risk function’s aim of providing
the front office with appropriate support. Preference is given to
transactions and products with a low level of complexity. Another
focus is on the responsiveness of a credit line or exposure.

Quantitative credit risk strategy guidelines limit risks with regard
to poorer credit ratings and exposures with high loss-at-default
contributions (concentration management) and for selected sub-
portfolios with a high risk weight or regulatory importance, and, as
applicable, for individual products with a high portfolio share.

117


--- Page 44 ---

118 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Detailed arrangements for operationalising the guidelines for
selected sub-portfolios are set out in separate portfolio policies. In
addition, qualitative management guidelines in the form of credit
policies define the target business of the Bank. At the level of
individual transactions, they regulate the transaction type for which
the available risk resources are to be used. These credit policies are
firmly embedded in the credit process: transactions which do not
meet the requirements are escalated through a fixed competence
regulation.

Group-wide guiding principles are based on risk-oriented
analyses of trends (e.g. of the development of weaker credit ratings
over time) combined with an assessment of external framework
conditions and internal rules. Risk-oriented analyses on key dates
(e.g. rating profile of individual asset classes) are used in particular
to derive portfolio guiding principles. Trend analyses of product-
specific risk drivers are key factors for determining product guiding
principles (e.g. loan-to-value of mortgage lending). In contrast,
credit and portfolio policies are primarily produced through a multi-
level coordination process involving the product and portfolio
managers from the front and back offices, combined with an
assessment of internal and external information sources.

To monitor compliance with credit risk strategic rules,
continuous monitoring and reporting has also been set up at whole
Group level and at segment or sub-portfolio level. Asset quality

reviews by the risk function make an important contribution here to
quality assurance and early risk detection. The focal points of the
monitoring vary depending on the issue and target group. Ad hoc
reporting processes have been established. In addition, crisis events
may pose a risk to the Bank’s capital and liquidity adequacy and
thereby to its risk-bearing capacity. In a crisis, the Risk Mitigation
Task Force will manage decisions flexibly in a coordinated, Group-
wide process. For example, in the context of the Russia-Ukraine war
the Task Force was established at the beginning of 2022 in order to
identify effects on the Group portfolio as quickly as possible and to
be able to take countermeasures. As part of the process, emergency
action plans ensure that risk-mitigation measures are implemented
quickly and efficiently.

The avoidance of risk concentrations is a core strategy of risk
management. Risk concentrations are actively managed in order to
identify at an early stage and contain the increased potential for loss
from the synchronous movement of risk positions. In addition to
exposure-related credit risk concentrations (bulk risks), default risk
also includes country and sector concentrations. Segment-specific
features are taken into account here.

Management and the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee are
regularly informed about the results of the analyses.


--- Page 45 ---

‘0 our Shareholders

onsibility Management

Risk Report. inanci.
08 Executi 2
09. Risk-oriented ove
117. Default risk

Statements Furthe

Overview of management instruments and levels

and policies

Limit and
guideline systems

Portfolio monitoring
and reporting

Structures of organisation
and committees

Overall risk strategy
plus sub-risk strategies for
significant risk types

Establishment of a general
risk understanding

and creation of a uniform
risk culture

Definition of Group limits
(across all risk types)

for capital and liquidity
management

Additional definition of

guidelines as key points of
the aspired target portfolio

Group Risk & Capital Monitor
plus risk type specific

Group formats (including
flash reporting)

Uniform, consolidated data
repository as basis for Group
reporting

Ensuring exchange of
information and networking
in committees that operate
across all risk types

Retaining qualified staff in
line with progressive product
innovation or regulatory
adjustments

Clear formulation of risk
policy in guidelines
(portfolios, asset classes, etc.)

Differenciated credit authorities
based on compliance of
transactions with the Bank's
risk policy

Performance metrics on
level of risk categories and
sub-portfolios

Expansion of Group-wide
performance metrics
using sub-portfolio-specific
indicators

Portfolio batches as per
established portfolio calendar*

Asset quality review and
analysis of High Attention
Parts (HAP)

Trigger monitoring with clear
escalation and reporting lines

Interdisciplinary composition
of segment committees

Ensuring uniform economic
opinions

Rating-dependent and
bulk-sensitive credit authority
regulations with

clear escalation processes

Limitation of bulk risk

Limit monitoring at
individual exposure level

Monthly report to the Board
of Managing Directors on
the development of bulk risks

Review of individual custom-
ers/exposures resulting from
asset quality review or HAP
analyses

Deal team structures

Institutionalized exchange
within the risk function, also
taking account of economic
developments

Sector-wise organization of
domestic corporate business



--- Page 46 ---

120 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

The Task Force Corona established in 2020 as part of crisis
management under the direction of the Chief Credit Risk Officer
continued its work in 2022 to a reduced extent. The existing
monthly reports were integrated into standard reporting so that the
continuity of information transfer was ensured. The EBA reporting
formats will end in the first quarter of 2023 with the last report as
at 31 December 2022. The established exchange formats with the
supervisory authorities focusing on the coronavirus continued to
take place until the end of February 2022. After 24 February 2022,
the focus of the weekly exchanges between the Joint Supervisory
Team (JST) and Credit Risk and the quarterly JST meetings with
senior management was on the Russia-Ukraine war.

Management of economic capital commitment

Economic capital commitment is managed in order to ensure that
the Commerzbank Group holds sufficient capital. To this end, all
relevant risk types in the overall risk strategy for economic risk
capital are given limits on a Group-wide basis, with, in particular, a
CVaR limit being specified. Due to the systematically restricted
options for reducing default risk on a short-term basis, it is
important to take account of expected trends (medium-term and
long-term) in order to manage credit risk. For this reason, forecast
values of credit risk parameters play a key role in ongoing
management. At segment and business area level, changes to
forecasts are monitored and adjustments made when necessary.

There is no cascaded capital limit concept for credit risk below
Group level.

Rating classification

The Commerzbank rating method comprises 25 rating classes for
customers not in default (1.0 to 5.8) and 5 default classes (6.1 to
6.5). The Commerzbank master scale allocates precisely one rating
class, stable over time, to each probability of default. The rating
methods are validated annually and recalibrated where necessary
so that they reflect the latest assessment based on all actual
observed defaults.

The probability of default ranges assigned to the ratings are the
same for all portfolios. This ensures internal comparability
consistent with the master scale method. For guidance and
indicative purposes, the Commerzbank master scale also shows
external ratings as well as credit quality steps in accordance with
Article 136 CRR. However, a direct reconciliation is not possible,
because external ratings of different portfolios show fluctuating
default rates from year to year.

In lending decisions, which are based among other things on the
rating result, the credit approval authorities of both individual staff
and the committees (Board of Managing Directors, Credit
Committee, sub-credit committees) are graduated by a range of
factors including size of exposure and rating class.


--- Page 47 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management

Commerzbank master scale

>= aarti “eres

Further Informati

17

Credit quality steps in accordance
with Article 136 CRR"

10 ° ° > AAA > AAA 7

1.2 0.01 0-0.02 | an

14 0.02 0.02 - 0.03 AAt _

1.6 0.04 0.03 - 0.05 AA, AA~ > aA 5

18 0.07 0.05 - 0.08 At A > A Pou Investment
2.0 0.11 0.08 - 0.13 An = Grade
22 0.17 0.13- 0.21 BBB+ 7 >

z 039 noi 04? pe pe

28 0.57 0.47 - 0.68 BBB- | |

3.0 0.81 0.68 - 0.96 BB+

3.2 1.14 0.96 - 1.34 Sub-
34 1.56 1.34-1.81 > a > BB > IV investment
3.6 2.10 1.81- 2.40 grade
3.8 2.74 2.40 = 3.10 > BB = =

4.0 3.50 3.10 = 3.90 Be 7 7

42 435 3.90 - 4.86

44 5.42 4.86 - 6.04 B

46 6.74 6.04 - 7.52 } Pp. an sna en
48 8.39 7.52-9.35

5.0 10.43 9.35 - 11.64 > B 4 4 grade
52 12.98 11.64 - 14.48 7 7

54 16.15 14.48 - 18.01 cece cee

5.6 20.09 18.01 - 22.41 coe, ccc ccc >

58 47.34 22.41 - 99.99 ccc | ‘ |

61 > 90 days past due

6.2 Imminent insolvency

63 100 Restructuring with recapitalisation D Default
64 Termination without insolvency

65 Insolvency

1 CRR = Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No 575/2013.

Risk mitigation

The collateral taken into account in risk management changed in
the period under review from €123.3bn to €126.4bn for positions
in the Group's performing portfolio and from €1.1bn to €1.4bn for
positions in the default portfolio.

Commerzbank mitigates credit risk through various measures
including collateral and netting procedures.

Types of collateral include in particular land charges, financial
collateral, guarantees, indemnities, credit derivatives, life insurance
policies, other registered liens and other physical collateral.

The Bank takes account of credit risk mitigation effects from the
acceptance of recognisable warranties (guarantees, comparable
claims on third parties) by using the guarantor’s risk parameters
(PD and LGD) and/or the regulatory risk weightings.

As at the reporting date, no loan loss provisions were created for
transactions in the performing portfolio with a total volume of
€5.5bn (31 December 2021: €5.9bn), as these are entirely
collateralised.

Where eligible from a regulatory point of view, guarantors are
subject to a creditworthiness check and rating assignment based on
their sector and business as part of the assessment of their
declaration of liability. The aim of the creditworthiness check is to
establish the guarantor’s creditworthiness and maximum solvency.

The quality of the collateralisation recognised for regulatory
purposes is rigorously checked and monitored on an ongoing basis.
This includes in particular checks on legal enforceability and
regular measurement of the collateral, carried out at appropriate
intervals depending on the type of collateral, at least annually or on
an event-driven basis. Positive correlations between the debtor's



--- Page 48 ---

122 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

creditworthiness and the value of the collateral or guarantee are
defined in the credit and collateral processing process; collateral
instruments affected are not counted. Collateral is processed and
evaluated primarily outside the front office.

The Bank analyses all credit collateral (physical and personal
collateral) for evidence of collateral concentrations. The analysis

includes checks on various dimensions such as collateral categories,

the borrower's rating classes or regional allocations of collateral.
The Board of Managing Directors receives regular information in
respect of the above dimensions about changes in the collateral pool
and possible issues/concentrations.

The measurement and processing of collateral is governed by
generally applicable standards and collateral-specific instructions
(guidelines, process descriptions, IT instructions). Collateral
agreements are legally reviewed; standard agreements and
templates are used where possible. The standards drawn up to
hedge or mitigate the risk of loans, which also take into account the

regulatory requirements of the CRR, include, among other things:

e Legal and operational standards for documentation and data
collection and measurement standards.

e Standards to ensure the uniformity and timeliness of collateral
measurement through the definition of measurement processes,
uniform measurement methods, parameters and defined
collateral discounts, clear definition of competences and
responsibility for the processing and measurement process, and
regular remeasurement frequencies.

e Other standards to take account of specific risks such as
operational risk, correlation and concentration risk, market price
change risk (e.g. due to currency fluctuations), country risk,
legal and legal change risk and the risk of inadequate insurance

coverage.

Commerzbank Group

Commerzbank focuses its business on two customer segments,
Private and Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients.

Economic uncertainty and the consequences of the Russian
invasion of Ukraine are still weighing heavily on the macroeconomic
outlook. The model-based parameters used to establish loan loss
provisions do not yet fully reflect these effects. The secondary
effects TLA booked in this regard continues to reflect adequately
the anticipated effects. In the remaining risk figures, the expected
uncertain development is currently primarily perceptible in the
figures for Central and Eastern Europe, where the current situation
is reflected in an increased expected loss and thus a higher risk
density.

Credit risk parameters

The credit risk parameters in the Commerzbank Group are
distributed in the rating classes 1.0 to 5.8 over the segments as
follows:

82022 31.12.2021
Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected Risk CVaR Exposure Expected Risk CVvaR
at default loss density at default loss density
€bn €m bp €m €bn €m bp €m
Private and Small-Business Customers 204 431 21 2,088 203 408 20 2,180
Corporate Clients 177 378 21 4,299 174 347 20 4,197
Others and Consolidation’ 137 65 5 1,184 93? 114 12 2,141
Group 517 874 7 7,571 4702 869 18 8,518

* Mainly liquidity portfolios of Treasury.
? Excluding deposits with the Deutsche Bundesbank amounting to €28bn.

When broken down on the basis of PD ratings, 87% of the Group’s
portfolio is in the internal rating classes 1 and 2, which comprise
investment grade.


--- Page 49 ---

‘0 our Shareholders oonsibility

Risk Report. its,

08 Executive summa
29. Risk-oriented overall bank management
117. Default risk

Stateme

Rating breakdown EaD | % 1.0-1.8 2.02.8 3.0-3.8 4.0-48 5.05.8 1.0-1.8 2.0-2.8 3.0-3.8 4.0-48 5.0-5.8
Private and Small-Business Customers 30 56 11 2 1 30 55 12 2 1
Corporate Clients 19 61 14 4 2 18 62 15 3 2
Others and Consolidation 77 22 2 0 0 49 47 3 0 0
Group 38 49 10 2 1 29 56 11 2 1

sessment covers both transfer risks and

The Group’s country risk as

event risks driven by political and economic events which impact

on the individual economic entities of a country. Country risks are

managed on the basis of transfer risk limits defined at country level.

Country exposures which are significant for Commerzbank due to
their size are handled by the Credit Committee on a separate basis.

The regional breakdown of the exposure corresponds to the
Bank’s strategic direction and reflects the main areas of its global

business activities.

Group portfolio Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
by region at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp
Germany 312 390 12 257 363 14
Western Europe 85 133 16 96 198 21
Central and Eastern Europe 53 261 49 55 222 40
North America 40 38 10 37 35 9
Asia 16 22 14 15 23 16
Other "1 30 27 1 28 27
Group 517 874 7 470 869 18

More than half of the Bank's exposure relates to Germany, just
under one-third to other countries in Europe, 8% to North America
and 3% to Asia. The rest is broadly diversified and is split among a
large number of countries where we serve German exporters in
particular or where Commerzbank has a local presence. The
expected loss of the Group portfolio is mainly divided between
Germany and the other European countries.

Risk result
The risk result relating to the Group’s lending business in 2022
amounted to €-876m (prior-year period: €-570m).

The following table shows the breakdown of the risk result by
stage according to IFRS 9. In Note (31) of the Group financial
statements (credit risks and credit losses) details regarding the
stages can be found; in Note (11) (risk result) the definition of the
risk result can be found.

Any fluctuations in the market values of fair value loans are not
recognised in the risk result. They are recognised in the net income
from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through

profit or loss.

Risk result | €m Stage1 Stage2 Stage3 Poci" Total Stage1 Stage2 Stage3 Poci' Total
Private and Small-Business

Customers -5 -122 256 -8 = -392 -23 -6  -287 -3 0-319
Corporate Clients -6 65 -480 -24 -446 6 15 -9 -75 149
Others and Consolidation 0 53 -91 0 -38 6 -35 -65 -7 -101
Group -12 -5  -827 -32  -876 -11 -26 = 448 -85  -570

+ POCI - Purchased or Originated Credit-impaired.

Compared to the previous year, the risk result increased and was
impacted in particular by the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The top-
level adjustment (TLA) booked during the year for this was no
longer in place as at the end of the year, as the risk provisioning

requirements remaining after the exposure reduction are now

reflected in individual transactions. The direct effects of the

coronavirus pandemic have abated to the point where no further


--- Page 50 ---

124 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

charge is expected from it. The coronavirus TLA of €-523m was

therefore fully reversed in the second quarter of 2022.

Economic uncertainty and the consequences of the Russian
invasion of Ukraine are still weighing heavily on the macroeconomic
outlook. The model-based parameters used to establish loan loss
provisions do not yet fully reflect these effects. The secondary
effects TLA booked in this regard in the second quarter was
reviewed during the year at the quarterly reporting dates and
continues to reflect adequately the anticipated effects. The scenario
on which the TLA is based includes the following assumptions:

° Problems in supply chains and in the provision of raw materials
continue to hamper industrial production and lead to rising
procurement prices (for paper, wood, metals, oil, etc.).

° The US Federal Reserve’s sharp interest rate hikes will lead to a
decline in growth in early 2023.

e Although the Chinese government has eased its zero-Covid
policy, growth remains below pre-pandemic levels because of
the issues in the real estate sector and the high level of corporate
debt.

e In Europe, the high cost of energy due to the war has a
significant negative impact on GDP growth and continues to
drive inflation.

e The German economy is burdened by rising inflation, shrinking
export markets and the higher interest rate environment, while
extensive state support programmes somewhat lessen the
impact of higher energy costs.

e Rising consumer price inflation further increases consumer
restraint across the eurozone or triggers a wage-price spiral. If
cost increases can only be passed on to a limited extent, this will
weigh heavily on corporate earnings.

As at 31 December 2022, the total for the TLA for secondary
effects stood at €-482m. The adequacy of the TLA is continually
reviewed. (Details on the background to and adjustment of the TLA
can also be found in Note 31 of the Group financial statements
(Credit risks and credit losses)).

Further drivers of the risk result in the reporting period are
addressed in the following explanatory notes on the segments.

In the pessimistic scenario described in Note 31 of the Group
financial statements (Credit risks and credit losses), Commerzbank,
in addition to its current process for calculating its loan loss
provisions, simulates the potential impact of deteriorating
creditworthiness that could occur if the gas supply is rationed due
to a material shortage in the supply of Russian gas (compared to
31 December 2022) along with the simultaneous assumption of
direct or indirect government support measures to support any
households and businesses impacted. The analysis shows an
increased need for loan loss provisions in the amount of
approximately €-600m in the event that this scenario, contrary to
current expectations, should come to pass.

Default portfolio

The Group’s default portfolio increased by €1,502m in 2022 and
stood at €5,658m as at the end of the year. The additions in 2022
mainly comprised additions of individual exposures to the default
portfolio as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine in the
Corporate Clients segment and in the Others and Consolidation
segment.

The following breakdown of the default portfolio shows the
claims in the default portfolio in the amortised cost and fair value
OCI (other comprehensive income) categories. The loans are almost
exclusively assigned to the amortised cost category, of which by far
the greatest share of €5.4bn (31 December 2021: €3.9bn) relates to
the loans and receivables class and €249m (31 December 2021:
€244m) to off-balance-sheet transactions. As at 31 December 2022,
the volume of defaulted securities that can be assigned to the debt
securities class was €0m (31 December 2021: €3m fair value OCI
category). The collateral shown is liable to the full extent for loans
in the amortised cost category, with €1,373m (31 December 2021:
€1,087m) relating to loans and receivables and €16m (31 December
2021: €27m) to off-balance-sheet transactions.

As at 31 December 2022 there was €57m default volume to be
reported for credit transactions in the fair value OCI category
(31 December 2021: €0m).


--- Page 51 ---

‘0 our Shareholders donsibility Management Risk Report. nancial Statements Further Informatior
117 Default risk

Default portfolio Group | €m Loans Securities Total Loans Securities Total
Default portfolio 5,601 57 5,658 4,152 3 4,156
LLP 2,247 9 2,256 2,055 0 2,055
Coverage ratio excluding collateral (%)? 40 16 40 49 - 49
Collateral 1,389 0 1,389 1,109 0 1,109
Coverage ratio including collateral (%)? 65 16 64 76 - 76
NPE ratio (%)3 1.1 09

* Loan loss provisions.
? Coverage ratio: LLP (and collateral) as a proportion of the default portfolio.

3 NPE ratio: default portfolio (non-performing exposures ~ NPE) as a proportion of total exposures (EaD including NPE) according to EBA Risk Dashboard.

Commerzbank uses the definition in Article 178 CRR as the criterion
for default. The EBA guidelines on the application of the definition
of default referred to in Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013
are taken into account. The default portfolio is divided into the
following 5 classes based on the nature of the default:

e Rating class 6.1: Over 90 days past due;
e Rating class 6.2: Unlikely to pay;

e Rating class 6.3: The Bank is assisting in financial rescue or
distressed restructuring at the customer by making concessions;

e Rating class 6.4: The Bank has demanded immediate repayment
of its claims;

e Rating class 6.5: The customer is in insolvency.

The table below shows the breakdown of the default portfolio
based on the 5 rating classes:

31.12.2021
Group rating classification | €m 61 6.2/6.3 6.4/6.5 Total 6.1 6.2/6.3 6.4/6.5 Total
Default portfolio 739 3,295 1,624 5,658 668 1,722 1,766 4,156
LLP 259 1,094 902 2,256 274 690 1,090 2,055
Collateral 299 641 450 1,389 287 441 382 1,109
Coverage ratio including collateral (%) 76 53 83 64 84 66 83 76

Overdrafts in the performing loan book

In order to avoid an increase in the default portfolio, overdrafts are
closely monitored at Commerzbank. In addition to the 90 days-past-
due trigger event, IT-based management of overdrafts starts on the

first day the account is overdrawn. The table below shows
overdrafts outside the default portfolio based on the exposure at
default as at the end of December 2022. The changes may also be
due to short-term overdrafts:

EaD >0<30 >30<60 >60<90 >90days Total >0<30 >30<60 >60<90 >90days Total
€m days days days days days days

Private and Small-Business

Customers 724 90 45 1 861 568 80 38 0 686
Corporate Clients 2,752 41 25 0 2,819 1,553 62 0 0 1,615
Group" 3,476 131 70 1 3,680 2,121 142 38 0 2,301

* Including Others and Consolidation.
Private and Small-Business Customers segment

The Private and Small-Business Customers (PSBC) segment
includes activities with private and small-business customers, in
private banking and in wealth management, and with customers of
the comdirect and Commerz Real brands. mBank is also shown in
the Private and Small-Business Customers segment.

The focus of the portfolio is on traditional owner-occupied home
financing and the financing of real estate capital investments
(residential mortgage loans and investment properties with a total
EaD of €103bn). We provide our small-business customers with
credit mainly in the form of individual loans with a volume of €29bn.
In addition, we meet our customers’ day-to-day demand for credit
with consumer loans (overdrafts, instalment loans and credit cards,

to a total of €15bn).


--- Page 52 ---

126 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

The realignment in the front office as of October 2022 resulting
from Strategy 2024 led to shifts in credit risk metrics in the sub-
segments, in particular from Private Customers to Private Banking.

Compared with the previous year, the risk density of the portfolio
rose to 21 basis points.

Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected k Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Private Customers 64 71 14 83 108 3
Small-Business Customers 30 53 18 35 54 15
comdirect 2 6 28 2 5 24
Commerz Real 0 0 5 0 0 10
Private Banking 35 31 9 1 9 8
Wealth Management 27 29 1 26 25 10
mBank 46 221 49 45 207 46
PSBC 204 431 21 203 408 20

The risk result in the Private and Small-Business Customers
segment was €-392m in the 2022 financial year (previous year:
€-319m). The increase was largely due to the posting of the
secondary effects TLA. The secondary effects TLA is still neces:

in view of the crisis-related economic uncertainty — increased
energy costs, for example — and will therefore remain in place for
2023. The TLA amounted to €-189m as at 31 December 2022 and
was fully recognised in the income statement in 2022. Of this
amount, €-70m was attributable to the Private Customers portfolio
and €-112m to the Small-Business Customers portfolio. The

utilisation and reversal of the coronavirus TLA removed €126m
from the overall adjustment.

mBank’s loan loss provisions are driven by the difficult economic
and geopolitical situation and amounted to €-174m as at
31 December 2022 (previous year: €-187m). Portfolio sales and
economic recovery after the coronavirus pandemic in some areas
have provided some relief.

The default portfolio in the segment stood at €1,842m as at the
reporting date (31 December 2021: €1,846m), which was almost on

a level with the previous year.

Default portfolio PSBC | €m Loans Securities Total Loans Securities Total
Default portfolio 1,842 0 1,842 1,846 0 1,846
LLP 841 0 841 826 0 826
Coverage ratio excluding collateral (%) 46 - 46 45 - 45
Collateral 707 0 707 717 0 717
Coverage ratio including collateral (%) 84 - 84 84 - 84

Corporate Clients segment

The Corporate Clients segment (CC) comprises the Group's
activities with mid-size corporate clients, the public sector,
institutional customers and multinational corporates. The segment
is also responsible for the Group’s relationships with banks and
financial institutions in Germany and abroad, as well as with central

banks. The regional focus of our activities is on Germany and

Western Europe. The Group’s customer-oriented capital markets
activities are also bundled in this segment.

The EaD of the Corporate Clients segment increased from
€174bn to €177bn compared with 31 December of the previous
year. Risk density increased from 20 basis points to 21 basis points.

For details of developments in the Financial Institutions portfolio,
please see page 128 f.


--- Page 53 ---

‘0 our Shareholders onsibility M

Risk Report Financi

08 Executive summary 2022
09. Risk-oriented ove
117. Default risk

Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Mittelstand 77 175 23 77 158 20
International Corporates 64 126 20 60 120 20
Financial Institutions 22 61 28 21 47 23
Other 14 16 12 16 23 4
cc 77 378 21 174 347 20

The risk result for the Corporate Clients segment in the 2022
financial year was €-446m (previous year: €-149m). Compared
with the previous year, the segment was impacted in particular by
the effects of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The share of the
secondary effects TLA attributable to the segment amounted to
€-284m as at 31 December 2022, which was fully recognised in the
income statement in 2022.

The need for the TLA resulted from the assumptions for
sectors/sub-portfolios, which were checked and in part adjusted on
the basis of the macroeconomic scenario, for which indirect effects
are to be expected. Relevant examples include the automotive
industry with a high degree of vulnerability in its supply chains as
well as the availability and costs of resources. The metals industry is
confronted with high prices for resources and energy, while demand

is falling. In the mechanical engineering sector, price increases can
only be passed on to customers with a time lag. In the retail sector,
declining consumer purchasing power is leading to lower sales.
Resulting rating migrations and defaults are expected for 2023,
which are currently not yet reflected in the model-based calculation
of loan loss provisions and are therefore covered by the TLA.

The utilisation and reversal of the coronavirus TLA removed
€392m from the adjustment in the 2022 financial year.

The default portfolio in the segment stood at €2,811m as at the
end of 2022 (31 December 2021: €2,096m). The expansion in 2022
resulted mainly from additions of individual exposures to the default
portfolio as a consequence of the Russian invasion of Ukraine in the
International Corporates portfolio.

Default portfolio CC | €m Loans Securities Total Loans Securities Total
Default portfolio 2,811 0 2,811 2,092 3 2,096
LLP 1,174 0 1,174 1,076 0 1,076
Coverage ratio excluding collateral (%) 42 - 42 51 - 51
Collateral 681 0 681 387 0 387
Coverage ratio including collateral (%) 66 - 66 70 - 70

The risk result in the Others and Consolidation segment was €-38m_
in the 2022 financial year (previous year: €-101m). The driver for
the risk provisioning in 2022 was the negative development of an
individual exposure, which required an increase in existing risk
provisioning. The secondary effects TLA for the segment was €-9m.


--- Page 54 ---

128 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

The analyses below are independent of the existing segment

allocation. The positions shown are already contained in full in the

Group and segment presentations above.

Corporates portfolio by sector

On the whole, the German industrial sectors coped well with the
strains of the coronavirus pandemic and the immediate effects of
the Russian war of aggression on Ukraine, assisted by government
lending and support programmes. However, the recovery is patchy
and not all sectors have returned to pre-pandemic levels of revenue
and income.

At present, the indirect consequences of the war in Ukraine, in
particular higher prices, continue to have a negative impact. Energy
and raw material prices have risen significantly, while inflation has
reached a level that few would have expected. As a result, an
appreciable increase in interest rates has also been recorded. With
continuing robust demand and incipient catch-up effects as a result
of the easing in supply chain issues, companies are mostly able to

pass on the increased costs to a broad extent. However, disposable
household income will shrink, depending partly on wage growth
and energy prices, and this will dampen demand, with
corresponding effects on corporate earnings.

Investments in environmental protection and CO2-neutral
production will require considerable capital expenditure. Reducing
dependencies and ensuring a stable supply chain will also create a
cost burden. However, we regard our clients as being broadly well
positioned in these respects.

A key factor for the medium-term performance of the German
economy will be the stabilisation of energy prices in Germany and
Europe and the establishment of a competitive price level in
Germany in particular. Furthermore, it must be ensured that the
country’s gas requirements are met. A shortage of gas supplies
could have a considerable impact and bring major upheaval. The
coronavirus has become widespread in China, and supply chain
disruptions could result. Potential mutations would again pose great
challenges to the world.

A breakdown of the corporates exposure by sector is shown
below:

Corporates portfolio by sector Exposure Expected Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss at default loss density

€bn €m €bn €m bp

Consumption 14 39 16 38 24
Technology/Electrical industry 14 29 15 27 18
Wholesale 12 28 24 13 37 27
Energy supply/Waste management 12 28 24 22 51 23
Automotive 10 24 25 10 30 30
TransporvTourism 9 27 30 13 46 37
Basic materials/Metals 8 15 18 10 25 24
Services/Media 8 7 21 10 28 28
Chemicals/Plastics 8 19 23 8 26 31
Mechanical engineering 8 15 20 7 19 25
Construction 4 8 18 5 12 22
Pharma/Healthcare 4 8 20 6 25 42
Other 30 78 26 5 3 6
Total 142 335 24 141 367 26

" The definition of the sectors was adjusted in January 2022, and the figures as at 31 December 2022 are therefore only to a limited extent comparable to those as at 31 December 2021

Financial Institutions portfolio

Our network of correspondent banks continued to focus on trade
finance activities on behalf of our corporate customers and on
capital market activities. In derivatives, we enter into trades with
selected counterparties under the European Market Infrastructure
Regulation (EMIR) standards.

We continue to keep a close watch on the impact of regulatory
requirements on banks. In this context, we continue to pursue our
strategy of holding as few exposures as possible which might
absorb losses in the event of a bail-in of an affected institution.


--- Page 55 ---

‘0 our Shareholders oonsibility Management

We are keeping a close eye on developments in various countries
affected by specific issues such as recessions, embargoes and
economic uncertainty caused by political events (at present in
particular Russia’s invasion of Ukraine) and are responding with
flexible portfolio management that is tailored to the individual
situation of each country. That also applies to disruption that may

Risk Report nancial Statements Furthe

98 Executive summa!
09. Risk-oriented ove
117. Default risk

still be caused by the coronavirus pandemic, changes in energy
prices and energy supply, and the effects of rising inflation. All this
impacts heavily on the operational environment of our
correspondent banks, both in industrialised countries and in
developing countries. Overall, our risk appetite is geared to keeping

the portfolio as responsive as possible.

FI portfolio by region Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Germany 61 6 1 5 4 9
Western Europe 7 7 4 15 10 7
Central and Eastern Europe 13 a 30 2 9 44
North America 12 0 0 2 1 2
Asia 8 14 7 5 15 28
Other 7 22 30 6 18 31
Total 119 90 8 35 56 16

Non-Bank Financial Institutions portfolio
The Non-Bank Financial Institutions (NBFI) portfolio mainly
comprises insurance companies, asset managers, regulated funds
and central counterparties. Business activities are focused on
Germany, Western Europe, the United States and Asia.
Commerzbank conducts new business with NBFIs partly in
consideration of regulatory requirements (clearing via central
counterparties) and partly in the interests of our institutional
customers, with a focus on attractive opportunities with customers

with good credit ratings and valuable security. We manage our

portfolios with the aim of ensuring their high quality and
responsiveness. We are keeping a close eye on risks arising from
global events such as recessions, embargoes and economic

uncertainty caused by political events (at present in particular

Russia’s invasion of Ukraine) and are responding with flexible
portfolio management that is tailored to the individual situation.
That also applies to current issues such as changes in the level of
interest rates and energy prices as well as the effects of rising

inflation.

NBFI portfolio by region Exposure Expected k Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Germany 19 20 11 18 18 10
Western Europe 15 20 13 13 18 14
Central and Eastern Europe 2 12 70 2 14 75
North America 8 8 10 9 5 6
Asia 2 3 18 1 1 1
Other 1 2 22 1 3 39
Total 46 65 14 44 60 14



--- Page 56 ---

130 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Originator positions

Commerzbank has in recent years securitised receivables from
loans to the Bank’s customers with a current volume of €10.3bn for
capital management purposes (31 December 2021: €11.5bn). As at
the reporting date 31 December 2022, risk exposures with a value
of €8.8bn were retained (31 December 2021: €9.8bn). By far the

largest share of all positions was accounted for by €8.7bn
(31 December 2021: €9.6bn) on senior tranches, which are almost
entirely rated good to very good. In the first quarter of 2023
Commerzbank is planning to launch a synthetic transaction with a
volume of €3.2bn based on corporate receivables.

Commerzbank volume!

Maturity Senior Mezzanine First loss piece —‘Total volume*
Corporates 2025 — 2036 8.7 <0.1 0.1 10.3
Total 31.12.2022 8.7 <0.1 0.1 10.3
Total 31.12.2021 9.6 <0.1 0.2 11.5

1 Tranches/retentions (nominal): banking and trading book.

Conduit exposure and other asset-backed exposures

The Bank provides financing to securitise receivables, in particular
trade and leasing receivables, from customers in the Corporate
Clients segment. In this context, Commerzbank acts mainly as an
arranger of asset-backed securities transactions via the
Commerzbank-sponsored multi-seller conduit Silver Tower. The
volume and risk values for the securitisation of receivables in the
Corporate Clients segment were stable at €3.9bn in 2022.

Liquidity risk subsumes the risk that Commerzbank will be
unable to meet its payment obligations on a day-to-day basis.
Liquidity risks from securitisations are modelled in the internal
liquidity risk model on a risk-adjusted basis. In the case of
transactions subject to variable utilisation, it is assumed that the
purchase facilities provided to the special-purpose companies must
be refinanced almost in full by Commerzbank for the duration of
their term and until the maturity of the last financed receivable.
Securitisations only qualify as liquid assets if they are eligible for
rediscount at the European Central Bank. These positions are only
included in the liquidity risk calculation after risk-adjusted
discounts are applied.

The other asset-backed exposures mainly comprise government-
guaranteed asset-backed securities (ABS) held by Commerzbank

Finance & Covered Bond S.A. and Commerzbank AG in Germany.

In 2022 the volume declined to €3.4bn (December 2021: €3.9bn),
as did the risk values! at €3.4bn (December 2021: €3.9bn).

There are also investments in the Structured Credit area. The
volume of new investments entered into since 2014 stood at €7.1bn
(December 2021: €6.9bn). We have invested in bonds of senior
tranches of securitisation transactions in the consumer (auto) ABS,
UK RMBS and CLO asset classes, which have a robust structure and
a moderate risk profile. At 31 December 2022, this portfolio solely
contained AAA-rated CLO positions (also the case at the end of
2021). Remaining structured credit positions with a volume of
€0.2bn were already in the portfolio prior to 2014 (December 2021:
€0.2bn), while risk values stood at €0.1bn (December 2021: €0.2bn).

Forbearance portfolio

The EBA’s definition of forbearance comprises two requirements,
which have to be met concurrently: the debtor is in financial
difficulties and the measures of the bank to help the debtor include
concessions to the debtor that the bank would not have agreed to
under different circumstances. Examples of concessions include
deferrals, increases in limits or loans and waivers in connection with
restructuring. The definition of forbearance applies independently
of whether the debtor is in the performing or the non-performing
portfolio.

” Risk value is the balance sheet value of cash instruments. For long CDS positions, it
comprises the nominal value of the reference instrument less the net present value of
the credit derivative


--- Page 57 ---

orate Responsibili Management

‘0 our Shareholders

The following tables show Commerzbank’s total forbearance
portfolio on the basis of the EBA definition as well as the loan loss

Risk Report nanci Information

08 Executive summa
09. Risk-oriented ove nk management
117. Default risk

Market r

provisions for these positions:

Forbearance portfolio by segment Forborne LLP LLP Forborne LLP LLP

exposure coverage exposure coverage

ratio ratio

€m €m % €m €m %

Private and Small-Business Customers 1,064 195 18 920 140 15

Corporate Clients 1,951 503 26 2,240 413 18

Others and Consolidation 213 212 100 207 142 69

Group 3,228 909 28 3,367 695 21
The forbearance portfolio by region is as follows:

Forbearance portfolio by region Forborne LLP LLP Forborne LLP LLP

exposure coverage exposure coverage

ratio ratio

€m €m % €m €m %

Germany 2,045 489 24 1,744 390 22

Western Europe 412 261 63 858 183 21

Central and Eastern Europe 623 148 24 472 112 24

North America 11 0 1 8 1 7

Asia 90 5 6 220 1 1

Other 46 7 15 65 8 13

Group 3,228 909 28 3,367 695 21

The decline in forbearance exposure in 2022 stems primarily from
Corporate Customers. The LLP coverage ratio at Group level

increased to 28%.

In addition to the LLP of €909m (31 December 2021: €695m),
the risks in the forbearance portfolio are covered by collateral
totalling €1,067m (31 December 2021: €1,179m).

131


--- Page 58 ---

132 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Market risk

Market risk is the risk of potential financial losses due to changes in
market prices (interest rates, commodities, credit spreads,
exchange rates and equity prices) or in parameters that affect prices
such as volatilities and correlations. Losses may impact profit or loss
directly, e.g. in the case of trading book positions. However, for
banking book positions they are reflected generally in the
revaluation reserve or in hidden liabilities/reserves.

Strategy and organisation

Commerzbank’s market risk strategy is derived from its overall risk
strategy and the business strategies of the individual segments. It
sets targets for risk management
Commerzbank’s main business activities. The core market risk

market in relation to

ation of all material market risks

management tasks are the identi
and drivers of market risk and the independent measurement and
evaluation of these. The results and estimates serve as the basis for
risk/return-oriented management.

The Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank is
responsible for ensuring the effective management of market risk
throughout the Commerzbank Group. Specific levels of authority
and responsibility in relation to market risk management have been
assigned to the appropriate market risk committee.

In the Group Market Risk Committee, segment representatives,
along with representatives from the risk function and finance area,
discuss current risk positioning issues and decide on appropriate
action. Chaired by the risk function, the Group Market Risk
Committee, which meets monthly, deals with the Commerzbank
Group's market risk position. Discussions centre on the monthly
market risk report, which is also presented to the Board of
Managing Directors for their consideration. The report summarises
the latest developments on financial markets, the Bank’s positioning
and related risk ratios.

The risk management process involves the identification,
measurement, management and monitoring of risks and reporting
on them. It is the responsibility in functional terms of market risk

management, which is independent of trading activities. Central

market risk management is complemented by decentralised market
risk management units at segment level and for regional units and
subsidiaries. The close integration of central and local risk
management with the business units means that the risk
management process starts in the trading areas themselves. The
trading units are responsible in particular for the active
management of market risk positions, e.g. reduction measures or
hedging.

Risk management

Commerzbank uses a wide range of quanti

itive and qualitative
tools to manage and monitor market risk. Quantitative limits for
sensitivities, value at risk, stress tests, scenario analyses and ratios
on economic capital limit the market risk. Our comprehensive
rulebook, in the form of market risk policies and guidelines as well

as restrictions on portfolio structure, new products, maturities and
minimum ratings, establishes the qualitative framework for market
risk management. The market risk strategy lays down the weighting
of figures in each segment by reference to their relevance. Thereby
allowance is made for the varying impact of the parameters for the
management of the segments in line with the business strategy.

Market risk is managed internally at Group level, segment level
and in each segment’s reporting units. A comprehensive internal
limit system broken down to portfolio level is implemented and
forms a core part of internal market risk management.

The quantitative and qualitative factors limiting market risk are
determined by the market risk committees by reference to the
Group's management of economic capital. The utilisation of these
limits, together with the relevant net income figures, is reported
daily to the Board of Managing Directors and the responsible heads
of the Group divisions. Based on qualitative analyses and
quantitative ratios, the market risk function identifies potential
future risks, anticipates potential financial losses in collaboration
with the finance function, and draws up proposals for further action,
which are discussed with the front office units. Voting on the
proposed measures or risk positions takes place in the above-
mentioned market risk committee and is subsequently submitted to
the Board of Managing Directors for approval.

Risk concentrations are restricted directly using specific limits
or are indirectly avoided, for example, using stress test limits. In
addition, the combination of various conventional risk measures
(e.g. VaR, sensitivities) ensures the appropriate management of
concentration risks. Furthermore, risk drivers are analysed on a
regular basis in order to identify concentrations. The risk
management of existing concentrations is also reviewed using
situation-driven analyses and, where necessary, supplemented by
targeted measures such as limits.

Any limits that are breached are handled in a separate escalation
procedure. After a limit breach has been identified, the front office
and risk units design adequate countermeasures. If the limit breach
cannot be remedied within a reasonable period, it will be escalated
by the market risk function to the next hierarchical level.


--- Page 59 ---

orate Responsibility

Management R

Regulatory risk measures that are not included in economic risk-
bearing capacity are limited and managed separately. These include,
for example, stressed VaR and incremental risk charge.

In internal management, all positions relevant to market risk are
covered, and trading and banking book positions are jointly
managed. In addition, for regulatory purposes the trading book is
managed separately (in accordance with regulatory requirements,
including currency and commodity risks in the banking book) and
interest rate risks in the banking book are managed ona stand-alone
basis. In order to provide a consistent presentation in this report, all
figures relating to VaR are based on a confidence level of 99%, a
holding period of one day, equally weighted market data and a 254-
day history.

Trading book

Below, we show how the regulatory market risk ratios of the trading
book portfolio developed. Most of Commerzbank’s trading book
positions derive from the Corporate Clients segment and Group
Treasury division. The VaR figures comprise all risks in the internal
VaR model. Commerzbank subsidiaries use standardised approa-
ches for their regulatory capital calculation under partial use rules.
They are not included in the regulatory VaR figures presented.

The VaR rose from €7m to €13m in 2022. The reason for this is
the increased market volatility resulting from the Russia-Ukraine

war, which led to new crisis scenarios in the VaR calculation.

VaR of portfolios in the ae 31.12.2021
trading book | €m

Minimum 6 3
Mean 9 7
Maximum 14 20
VaR at end of reporting period 13 7

The market risk profile is diversified across all asset classes and
across interest rates, currencies, credit spreads, commodities and
inflation risks. The asset classes that dominate at the end of 2022
are interest rates and currency rate changes.

VaR contribution by risk type in the
trading book | €m

Commodities

Credit spreads 2 1
Interest rates 6 2
Equities 0 0
FX 4 2
2 2
3 7

Total

=

Risk Report Financial Statements Furthe
Exe

Ris

Defai
Market risk
Liquidity r

Further risk ratios are calculated for regulatory capital adequacy.
This includes the calculation of stressed VaR. Stressed VaR is
calculated using the internal model on the basis of the VaR method
described above. The main difference lies in the market data used
to value the assets. Stressed VaR measures the risk in the present
position in the trading book by reference to market movements from
a specified crisis period in the past. The crisis observation period
used for this is checked regularly through model validation and
approval processes and adjusted where necessary. The crisis
observation period remained the same during the year.

The market risk profile in stressed VaR is also diversified across
all asset classes. The dominant asset classes are interest rates,
currencies and commodities. The decrease in the commodities
asset class results in particular from trading in emissions

ps 31.12.2021

certificates.

Stressed VaR contribution by risk
type in the trading book | €m

Credit spreads 4 7
Interest rates 8 10
Equities 0 1
FX 6 5
Commodities 6 16
Total 25 39

In addition, the incremental risk charge and the equity event VaR
figures quantify the risk of deterioration in creditworthiness and
event risks in trading book positions. The incremental risk charge
rose from €31m to €39m in the course of 2022.

The reliability of the internal model (historical simulation) is
monitored in various ways, including backtesting on a daily basis.
The VaR calculated is set against actually occurring changes in the
portfolio value (profits and losses). In the process, a distinction is
made between the variants backtesting of the hypothetical change
in portfolio value (clean P&L) and backtesting of the actual change
in portfolio value (dirty P&L). In the former, exactly the same
positions in the income statement are used as were used for
calculating the VaR. This means that the profits and losses result
only from changes in market prices (hypothetical changes in the
portfolio value). In dirty P&L backtesting, by contrast, profits and
losses from newly concluded and expired transactions from the day
under consideration are also included (actual profits and losses
induced by portfolio value changes). Profits and losses from
valuation adjustments and model reserves are factored into dirty
and clean P&L according to the regulatory requirements.

133


--- Page 60 ---

134 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

If the actual loss exceeds the VaR, it is described as a negative
backtesting outlier. Analysing the results of backtesting provides an
informative basis for checking parameters and for potential
improvement to the market risk model. In 2022 three negative clean
P&L outliers/dirty P&L outliers were measured. The clean P&L/dirty
P&L outliers are mainly due to market movements in interest rates,
foreign currencies and commodities, against the backdrop of the
Ukraine war.

Backtesting is also used by the supervisory authorities for
evaluating internal risk models. Negative outliers are classified by
means of a traffic-light system laid down by the supervisory
authorities. All negative backtesting outliers at Group level (from
both clean P&L and dirty P&L) must be reported to the supervisory
authorities, citing their extent and cause.

As the VaR concept gives a prediction of potential losses
assuming normal market conditions, it is supplemented by stress
tests. These stress tests measure the risk to which Commerzbank is
exposed, based on unlikely but still plausible events. These events
may be simulated using extreme movements on various financial
markets. The key scenarios relate to major changes in credit
spreads, interest rates and yield curves, exchange rates, share
prices and commodities prices. Events simulated in stress tests
include all stock prices falling by 15%, a parallel shift in the yield
curve or changes to the curve’s gradient.

Extensive Group-wide stress tests and scenario analyses are
carried out as part of risk monitoring.

The internal model's individual components are validated at
to assess their appropriateness

identification and elimination of model
weaknesses are of particular importance in this.

regular intervals for risk

measurement. The

Banking book _

The key drivers of market risk in the banking book are the Group
Treasury portfolios, with their credit spread, interest rate and basis
risks.

In market risk management, credit spread sensitivities in the
banking and trading books are considered together. Credit spread
sensitivities (downshift of 1 basis point) for all securities and
derivative positions (excluding loans) were at €30m as at the end of
fiscal year 2022 (31 December 2021: €50m). The main reason for
the decrease was the rise in the level of interest rates.

Most credit spread sensitivities related to securities positions
measured at amortised cost. Changes in market price have no
impact on the revaluation reserve or the income statement for these
positions. The impact of an interest rate shock on the economic
value of the Group's banking book is simulated monthly in
compliance with regulatory requirements. In accordance with the
EU Banking Directive, the German Federal Financial Supervisory
Authority and the European Central Bank have prescribed two
scenarios of uniform, sudden and unexpected changes in interest
rates (+/-200 basis points) to be used by all banks, which have to
report on the results of this stress test every quarter. In the scenario
-200 basis points, the yield curve is floored at 0 (negative sections
of the yield curve are left unchanged).

As a result of the scenario +200 basis points, a potential
economic loss of €2,062m as at 31 December 2022 (31 December
2021: €2,523m potential economic loss) was determined, and in the
scenario —200 basis points a potential economic profit of €1,133m
(31 December 2021: €746m potential economic profit). Commerz-
bank does not, therefore, need to be classified as a bank with
elevated interest rate risk, as the decline in net present value
represents less than 20% of its regulatory capital.

The interest rate sensitivity of the overall banking book
(excluding pension funds) fell to €2.4m as at 31 December 2022
(31 December 2021: €7.3m) per basis point of falling interest rates
mainly due to increased interest rate levels and position changes in
the treasury.


--- Page 61 ---

our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Pension fund risk is also part of market risk in the banking book.
Our pension fund portfolio comprises a well-diversified investment
section and the insurance-related liabilities. The duration of the
liabilities is extremely long (cash outflows modelled over almost
90 years), and the main portion of the overall portfolio’s present
value risk is in maturities of 15 years and over. The main risk drivers
are long-term euro interest rates, credit spreads and expected euro
inflation due to anticipated pension dynamics. Equity, volatility and
foreign exchange risk also need to be taken into consideration.
Diversification effects between individual risks reduce the overall
risk. The extremely long maturities of these liabilities represent the
greatest challenge, particularly for hedging credit spread risk. This
is because there is insufficient liquidity in the market for
corresponding hedging products.

Liquidity risk

We define liquidity risk in the narrower sense as the risk that
Commerzbank will be unable to meet its payment obligations on a
day-to-day basis. In a broader sense, liquidity risk describes the risk
that future payments cannot be funded for the full
required currency or at standard market conditions, as and when
they are due.

amount, in the

Strategy and organisation

The Board of Managing Directors adopts the business strategy and
the Bank’s risk tolerance, which is associated with it. Liquidity risk
tolerance is then operationalised by defining the liquidity reserve
period and the limit framework. In order to ensure an appropriate
liquidity risk management process, the Board of Managing
Directors delegates certain competences and responsibilities in
connection with the Group-wide liquidity risk strategy to the Risk
and Treasury functions.

The Group Asset Liability Committee (Group ALCO) is
responsible for limiting, analysing and monitoring liquidity risk and
for strategic liquidity positioning. The Group ALCO is supported by
various sub-committees in this.

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements

08 Executive summa
09 Risk-or
7 Defau

32. Mai

32 risk
135. Liquidity risk
38 Operational risk

39 Other risks

Market liquidity risk

Market liquidity risk is the risk of the Bank not being able to
liquidate or hedge risky positions in a timely manner, to the desired
extent and on acceptable terms as a result of insufficient liquidity in
the market.

Market liquidity risk is taken into account in Commerzbank’s
risk-bearing capacity concept by scaling the value at risk to one year,
i.e. the implicitly recognised liquidation period. Additional valuation
adjustments for market liquidity risk are also reflected in the
calculation of the risk coverage capital.

Risk management

Commerzbank uses a wide range of tools to manage and monitor
liquidity risks on the basis of its own liquidity risk model. The stress
scenario within the Bank that underlies the model and is relevant
for management purposes allows for the impact of both a bank-
specific stress event and a broader market crisis. Binding regulatory
requirements are an integral component of the management
mechanism.

Group Treasury is responsible for the Group's liquidity
management operations. Group Treasury is represented in all major
locations of the Group in Germany and abroad and has reporting
lines into all subsidiaries. Commerzbank manages its global
liquidity centrally using cash pooling. This approach ensures that
liquidity resources are used efficiently and that this occurs across
all time zones, as Group Treasury units are located in Frankfurt,
London, New York and Singapore. Additional information on this
subject can be found in the “Funding and liquidity of the
Commerzbank Group” section of the Group management report.

Liquidity risk is monitored on the basis of the Bank's own
liquidity risk model by the independent risk function.

135


--- Page 62 ---

136 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

The Bank has established early warning indicators for the
purpose of managing liquidity risk. These ensure that appropriate
steps can be taken in good time to secure long-term financial
solidity.

Risk concentrations can lead to increased outflows of liquidity,
particularly in a stress situation, and thus to increased liquidity risk.
They can, for example, occur with regard to maturities, large
individual creditors or currencies. By means of ongoing monitoring
and reporting, emerging risk concentrations in funding can be
recognised in a timely manner and mitigated through suitable
measures.

This also applies to payment obligations in foreign currencies.
The Bank also mitigates concentration by continuously using its
access to broadly diversified sources of funding, in particular
diverse customer deposits and capital market instruments.

Commerzbank also ensures that it limits and monitors foreign
exchange risks.

In the event of a market-driven and/or idiosyncratic liquidity
crisis, the liquidity contingency plan provides for certain measures
which, depending on the nature of the crisis, can be initiated either
through Treasury’s extended authority to act or through the
recovery process of the recovery plan. The liquidity contingency
plan is an independent part of emergency planning and upstream
of the recovery plan. Both the liquidity contingency plan and the
recovery plan at Commerzbank are updated at least once a year; the
individual measures of the recovery plan are checked regularly
during the year for plausibility. The liquidity contingency plan also
defines a clear allocation of responsibilities for the processes to be
followed in emergency situations and gives details of any action that
may need to be taken.

The internal rules and the models used are reviewed at least

annually and regularly audited by Internal Audit, the auditor and the
supervisory authority (ECB).

Liquidity risk model

A key component of liquidity risk management is the daily
calculation of the liquidity gap profile. The liquidity gap profile
shows the deterministic or stochastic inflows and outflows expected
in the future on a given reporting date and across all portfolios. This
forms the basis for calculating liquidity requirements or excess
liquidity per maturity band. This also includes modelling the
proportion of customer deposits that will be permanently available,
known as the core deposit base.

The liquidity gap profile is also used to set the issuance strategy
of the Commerzbank Group, which is operationalised by the Group
Treasury division. The Group Finance division is responsible for
calculating and allocating liquidity costs on the basis of the liquidity
gap profile, which are then incorporated in the management of the
segments’ business activities.

Based on the liquidity gap profile, management mechanisms
such as recovery and early warning indicators are limited and
monitored accordingly. The liquidity gap profile is limited in the
maturity bands up to 1 year. The Group limits are broken down into
individual Group units and currencies. The internal liquidity risk
model is complemented by the regular analysis of additional
adverse, reverse and historical stress scenarios.

Quantification and stress testing

Commerzbank uses a wide range of tools to manage and monitor
liquidity risks on the basis of its own liquidity risk model. In addition
to internal economic considerations, liquidity risk modelling also
factors in the binding regulatory requirements under the Capital
Requirements Regulation (CRR) and the requirements of the
Minimum Requirements for Risk Management (MaRisk).
Commerzbank incorporates this within its liquidity risk framework,
thereby quantifying the liquidity risk appetite established by the
Board of Managing Directors.

The stress scenarios within the Bank that underlie the model and
are relevant for management purposes allow for the impact of both
a bank-specific stress event and a broader market crisis. The
Commerzbank-specific idiosyncratic scenario simulates a stress
situation arising from a rating downgrade of two notches, whereas
the market-wide scenario is derived from experience of the
subprime crisis and simulates an external market-wide shock. The
main liquidity risk drivers of both scenarios are a markedly
increased outflow of short-term customer deposits, above-average
drawdown of credit lines, prolongations of lending business
regarded as commercially necessary, the need to provide additional
collateral for secured transactions and the application of higher risk
discounts to the liquidation values of assets.

As a complement to the individual scenarios, the Bank also
simulates the impact on the liquidity gap profile (net liquidity
position) of a scenario that combines idiosyncratic and market-
specific effects. The liquidity gap profile is shown for the whole of
the modelling horizon across the full spectrum of maturities and
follows a multi-level concept. This allows for a nuanced presen-
tation — deterministic and modelled cash flows in existing business
on the one hand and the inclusion of prolongations on the other.

The table below shows the liquidity gap profile values after
application of the respective stress scenarios for periods of one and
three months as at the end of the year. Significantly more liquidity
flows out in a combined scenario compared with the individual
scenarios. As at the end of 2022, in the one-month and three-month
periods, the combined stress scenario leaves net liquidity of
€21.2bn and €20.9bn respectively.



--- Page 63 ---

orate Responsibility

Management Report

Informa

Risk Report Financial Statements Furthe
Executiv 2
Risk-or
7 Defa
32 Market risk
135. Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

Net liq in the 31.12.2021 idity reserves from highly 31.12.2021
stress scenario | €m liquid assets | €bn
- - - 1 month 30.0 20.8 Highly liquid assets 104.7 60.0
Idiosyncratic scenario .
3 months 314 24.1 of which level 1 975 563
; ; 7 month 30.0 24.1 of which level 2A 68 3.4
Market-wide scenario
3 months 29.6 26.0 of which level 2B 0.4 03
1 month 21.2 12.8
Combined scenario
3 months 20.9 14.7

Liquidity reserves

Significant factors in the liquidity risk appetite include the reserve
period, the size of the liquidity reserve portfolio held to compensate
for unexpected short-term liquidity outflows, and the limits in the
various maturity bands. As the liquidity reserve portfolio consists of
highly liquid assets, it functions as a buffer in stress situations. The
liquidity reserve portfolio is funded in line with the liquidity risk
appetite to ensure that it is kept at the required size throughout the

entire reserve period stipulated by the Board of Managing Directors.

As at the end of 2022, the Bank had highly liquid assets of
€104.7bn. This liquidity reserve is funded in line with the liquidity
risk appetite to ensure that it is kept at the required size throughout
the entire reserve period stipulated by the Board of Managing
Directors.

Part of this liquidity reserve is held in a separate stress liquidity
reserve portfolio managed by Group Treasury to cover liquidity
outflows should a stress event occur and always ensure solvency.
The amount of the stress liquidity reserve portfolio is checked and,
if necessary, adjusted as part of the daily liquidity risk calculation.

The Bank also holds an intraday liquidity reserve portfolio. As at
the 2022 reporting date, the total value of this portfolio was €6.1bn
(31 December 2021: €6.1bn).

The liquidity reserves in the form of highly liquid assets
consisted of the following three components:

Liquidity ratios —

Throughout the 2022 financial
liquidity ratios, including the regulatory liquidity coverage ratio
(LCR) and the net stable funding ratio (NSFR), were above the limits
set at least annually by the Board of Managing Directors.

The LCR is calculated as the ratio of liquid assets to net liquidity

year, Commerzbank’s internal

outflows under stressed conditions. It is used to measure whether
abank has a large enough liquidity buffer to independently
withstand any potential imbalance between inflows and outflows of
liquidity under stressed conditions over a period of 30 calendar days.

In 2022, Commerzbank significantly exceeded the minimum
ratio of 100% stipulated for that year on every reporting date. As at
the end of 2022, the average month-end value of the LCR over the
last 12 months was 141.1% (as at the end of 2021: 145.1%).

The Bank has established corresponding limits and early warning
indicators to ensure the LCR minimum requirements are met.

The NSFER sets the requirement of stable refinancing as a ratio
of the amount of the available stable refinancing and the amount of
the required stable refinancing over a one-year horizon.

The quota itself is defined as the ratio of the weighted available
stable refinancing and the necessary weighted stable refinancing.
The minimum quota is 100%.

As at 31 December 2022 the NSFR stood at 128.3% (31 Decem-
ber 2021: 128.8%) and underlines the sound financial situation of
Commerzbank.


--- Page 64 ---

138 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Operational risk

Based on the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR), Commerz-
bank defines operational risk (OpRisk) as the risk of loss resulting
from the inadequacy or failure of internal processes, people and
systems or from external events. This definition includes, among
other things, legal risk, human resources risk, IT risk, outsourcing
risk or tax risk, as well as product risk, conduct risk and risks from
the area of environmental, social, governance (ESG). In this
definition the focus is not on strategic or reputational risk. In view
of their increased economic significance, compliance risk and cyber
risk are managed as separate risk types. However, losses from
compliance risks and cyber risks are incorporated into the model
for determining the economic capital required for operational risks.

Strategy and organisation

Within Commerzbank, OpRisk and governance issues of the Internal
Control System (ICS) are closely connected in terms of both
organisational structure and methodology and are continuously
being enhanced. This is because many OpRisk cases are closely
linked with failures in the control mechanisms. A properly
functioning ICS thereby helps to reduce or avoid losses from
operational risks and thus to lower the amount of economic capital
required to cover operational risks in the medium to long term.
Conversely, the operational risk management systems enable the
ICS to adapt itself consistently to them. The further development of
the ICS structure is an essential aspect of the proactive reduction or
prevention of operational risks.

Chaired by the CRO, the Group OpRisk Committee meets at least
four times a year and deals with the management of operational
risks within the Commerzbank Group. It also acts as the escalation
and decision-making committee for key OpRisk topics that span all
areas. The Management Boards and/or the Segment Committees
with responsibility for operational risk deal with the management of
operational risk in the relevant units. They analyse OpRisk issues
that affect them, such as loss events, and define subsequent
measures or recommend action.

Commerzbank’s OpRisk strategy is approved on an annual basis
by the Board of Managing Directors after it has been discussed and
voted upon in the Group OpRisk Committee. The OpRisk strategy
describes the risk profile, key elements of the desired risk culture,
its management framework and measures to be taken by

Commerzbank to manage operational risk. OpRisk management is
based on three consecutive levels (three lines of defence) which,
when taken together, are crucial for reaching the given strategic

aims.

Risk management

Commerzbank takes an active approach to managing operational
risk, aiming to systematically identify OpRisk profiles and risk
concentrations and to define, prioritise and implement risk
mitigation measures.

Operational risks are characterised by asymmetric distribution
of losses. This means that most of the losses are relatively small,
while isolated losses with a very low probability of occurrence have
the potential to be large and devastating. This makes it necessary
not only to limit high loss potential but also to proactively manage
losses that can be expected to occur frequently.

To do this, Commerzbank has set up a multi-stage system that
brings together the defined limits on economic capital (risk capacity)
and those set for operative risk management during the year (risk
appetite/tolerance), complemented by rules on the transparent and
conscious acceptance and approval of individual risks (risk
acceptance).

OpRisk management includes an annual evaluation of the Bank's
ICS key controls and a risk scenario assessment. OpRisk loss events
are also subject to ongoing analysis and ICS backtesting on an
event-driven basis. Lessons learned activities are carried out after
all material loss events.

Since the fourth quarter of 2021 Commerzbank has measured
regulatory capital using the standardised approach (SA), while
economic capital for operational risks continues to be measured
using a dedicated internal model (OpRisk ErC model). Risk-
weighted assets for operational risks on this basis at the end of the
fourth quarter of 2022 amounted to €21.2bn (31 December 2021:
€19.8bn). Main driver of the rise compared to the previous year
were the revenues in 2022. The economically required capital was
€2.3bn. The internal used for this corresponds to the
advanced measurement approach (AMA) previously in use. A
comparison with the previous year (31 December 2021: €1.5bn)
shows a sharp increase.

model


--- Page 65 ---

orate Responsibility

Management R

The following table gives an overview of risk-weighted assets
and the economically required capital (ErC) by segment:

€bn RWA Erc RWA Erc
Private and Small-

Business Customers 13.3 1.6 10.3 0.8
Corporate Clients 45 0.3 49 0.3
Others and

Consolidation 3.3 0.5 4.6 0.4
Group 21.2 2.3 19.8 15

The total charge for OpRisk events as at the end of the fourth quarter
of 2022 was approximately €951 (full-year 2021: €1,136m). The
events mainly related to losses in the “Products and business
practices” category. The provisions of mBank for legal risks in
connection with Swiss franc credit agreements and the Polish
amendment to the law “Credit Vacation" are to be mentioned in the
first place. The amendment grants mortgage loan borrowers the
right to request a temporary suspension of interest and repayment
payments.

Other risks

To meet the requirements of the Basel framework, MaRisk requires
an integrated approach to risk that also includes unquantifiable risk
categories. At Commerzbank, these are subjected to a qualitative
management and control process. The following risk types except
compliance risk, model risk and cyber risk are outside the
responsibility of the CRO.

Legal risk

According to the CRR, legal risk falls within the definition of
operational risk. It primarily arises for the Commerzbank Group
when the Bank’s claims cannot be enforced for legal reasons or
when claims can be made against the Bank because the underlying
law was not observed or has changed since a transaction was
concluded.

The operation of banking and financial services transactions that
are subject to regulatory provisions may also result in legal risk.
This risk may also take the form of orders or sanctions issued or

Risk Report f

Exe
Ris!
7 Defa
Market risk
Liquidity risk
138 Operational risk
139 Other risks

nancial Statements Furthe

OpRisk events'l €m 31.12.2022 31.12.2021

Internal fraud 0 -1
External fraud 1 35
Damage and IT failure 4 2
Products and business practices 936 738
Process related 13 352
HR related -3 9
Group 951 1,136

* Losses incurred and provisions, less OpRisk-based income and repayments.

A structured, centralised and decentralised reporting system
ensures that the management of the Bank and its segments,
members of the OpRisk Committee and the supervisory bodies are
informed regularly, promptly and fully about operational risk.
Detailed and extensive OpRisk reports are prepared on a quarterly
basis. They contain changes in OpRisk losses, the segments’ main
changes in the capital
requirement and the status of measures implemented.

loss events, current risk analyses,

Operational risks are also part of the regular risk reporting
process to the Board of Managing Directors and to the Supervisory
Board’s Risk Committee.

imposed by one or more authorities whose supervision
Commerzbank is subject to anywhere in the world. Legal risk also
arises in realised losses or provisions due to or in connection with
court cases brought against Commerzbank (passive proceedings).
Cases brought by Commerzbank (active proceedings) generally
represent a credit risk rather than an operational risk, so the risk of
loss is already taken into account through write-downs. However,
the costs of legal action (court and lawyers’ costs) for active

proceedings are classified as legal risk.

Organisation

Within Commerzbank, the functional management of legal risk
throughout the Group is the responsibility of Group Legal. All legal
staff at the various Group Legal locations including the foreign
branches as well as the legal staff of the legal departments of the
domestic and foreign subsidiaries are as legal risk managers
operationally responsible for the identification and management of

the Group-wide legal risk within Commerzbank.

139


--- Page 66 ---

140 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Risk management

The task of the Group’s legal risk managers is to detect legal risks
and all losses potentially resulting from them at an early stage, to
highlight possible solutions that might avoid or minimise such
losses, and to play an active part in reaching decisions concerning
legal risks. They must ensure that they are always up to date with
all legal changes or new findings within their area of responsibility
and inform the business units affected about the impact on legal
risk and any action that needs to be taken as a result.

The legal risk managers are responsible for arranging or
adjusting legal provisions and look after and monitor new and
ongoing court proceedings.

In the case of passive proceedings, provisions are recognised on
the basis of the risk assessment carried out by the responsible legal
risk manager. The expected risk of loss for proceedings generally
corresponds to the size of the provisions to be recognised. To
estimate the expected loss, the amount that the Bank would
reasonably have to pay to settle the dispute at the current point in
time is calculated after each significant stage in the proceedings. In
the case of active proceedings, provisions are usually only
recognised for the expected court and lawyers’ costs.

Group Legal provides information about all major court
proceedings and risk trends in a quarterly litigation report. This
report is sent to the Bank’s management and Supervisory Board,
the supervisory authority and the OpRisk Committee.

Current developments

Commerzbank and its subsidiaries are involved in a variety of court
and arbitration cases, claims and official investigations (legal
proceedings) in connection with a broad range of issues. They
include, for example, allegations of defective advice, disputes in
connection with credit finance or payment transactions,
entitlements to occupational pensions, allegedly false accounting
and incorrect financial statements, enforcement of claims due to tax
issues, allegedly incorrect prospectuses in connection with
underwriting transactions, alleged violations of competition laws,
and cases brought by shareholders and other investors as well as
investigations by supervisory authorities. In addition, changes to
rulings by supreme courts, which may render them more restrictive,
as well as to legal conditions, e.g. in the private customer business,
may result in more claims being brought against Commerzbank or
its subsidiaries. In these court cases, claimants are mostly asking
for the payment of compensation, claims on account of unjust
enrichment or the reversal of agreements already entered into. If
the courts were to find in favour of one or more of the claimants in
these cases, Commerzbank could be liable to pay compensation,
which could in some cases be substantial, or could incur the
expense of reversing agreements or of other cost-intensive

measures.

Regulatory authorities and governmental institutions in various
countries in which Commerzbank and its subsidiaries are or have
been active have for some years been investigating irregularities in
connection with the fixing of foreign exchange rates and with
foreign exchange business in general. In the course of these
investigations, regulatory authorities and governmental institutions
have also sought checks on Commerzbank or have approached the
Bank with requests for information. Commerzbank has cooperated
fully with these bodies and also looked into the relevant matters on
the basis of its own comprehensive investigations. The cases are no
longer active with the exception of one case in which the
investigating authority transferred the matter to the national
competition tribunal. Financial consequences cannot be ruled out.

The public prosecutor's office in Frankfurt is investigating equity
transactions conducted by Commerzbank and the former Dresdner
Bank around the dividend record date (cum-ex transactions).
Commerzbank had already initiated a forensic analysis of cum-ex
transactions at the end of 2015, which was concluded at the start of
2018 in respect of Commerzbank’s equity transactions and in
September 2019 in respect of the equity transactions of the former
Dresdner Bank. All back taxes demanded by the tax authorities have
been paid.

The public prosecutor's office in Cologne has been conducting
since September 2019 in
connection with a separate case concerning cum-ex transactions. It
is investigating on suspicion that the Bank (including Dresdner

investigations at Commerzbank

Bank) was involved in cum-ex transactions in various roles,
including by supplying shares to third parties who were allegedly
acting as short sellers. According to the current understanding,
these proceedings do not involve Commerzbank’s own tax credit
claims with regard to capital gains tax and the solidarity surcharge
on dividends.

The Bank is cooperating fully with authorities conducting
investigations into cum-ex transactions. It is currently not possible
to predict whether this will result in a burden, whether it will occur,
or the amount of any resulting burden.

Based on the circular on cum/cum transactions published by the
Federal Ministry of Finance (BMF) in 2017, the tax auditors
commented on the treatment of these transactions in the form of
audit notes. The tax office reduced the credit for capital gains taxes
accordingly. In
adjustments to tax credits shown in the balance sheet and set up
additional provisions for possible repayment claims in order to
reflect the changed risk situation fully and appropriately. The BMF
published a revised version of its circular on cum/cum transactions
on 9 July 2021. In view of the potential impact of the BMF circular,
the provision was adjusted in the second quarter of 2021. Based on
current knowledge, the tax risks arising from this issue have thereby

response, Commerzbank AG made value

been adequately covered. The possibility of further charges over
and above the provisions recognised by the Bank cannot be
completely ruled out.


--- Page 67 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

With respect to securities lending transactions, Commerzbank is
exposed to compensation claims (including in court) from third
parties for crediting entitlements that have been denied. In the
context of these securities lending transactions, the contracting
parties were obliged to reimburse Commerzbank for dividends and
retained capital gains taxes. However, the tax offices of various
contracting parties partially refused or subsequently disallowed
subsequent crediting against corporate income tax.

In May 2017, a Polish court admitted a class action lawsuit
against mBank alleging the ineffectiveness of index clauses in loan
agreements denominated in Swiss francs. A total of 1,731 plaintiffs
have joined the class action. The plaintiffs have lodged an appeal
against the ruling of the court of first instance rejecting their claims.

Independently of this, numerous borrowers have also filed
individual lawsuits for the same reasons. In addition to the class
action, 17,627 other individual proceedings were pending as at 31
December 2022 (31 December 2021: 13,036). mBank has contested
these claims.

As at 31 December 2022, there were 1,941 final rulings in
individual proceedings against mBank, of which 97 were decided in
favour of mBank and 1,844 were decided against mBank. A total of
33 proceedings before courts of second instance are suspended
because of legal issues that are being considered by the Polish
Supreme Court and the European Court of Justice (ECJ).

The questions submitted to the ECJ by the Polish Supreme Court
on the legality of the process for appointing new judges to the Polish
Supreme Court are still unanswered and the further course of the
proceedings and the outcome remain to be seen.

New requests for preliminary rulings sent to the ECJ by Polish
courts in proceedings concerning mBank raise key issues about
how to deal with indexed loans, such as the declaration of such loan
agreements as null and void, the statute of limitations for repayment
claims and the compensation for use owed to the banks (C138/22,
C139/22 and C140/22). A date for the hearing or pronouncement of
a decision has not yet been set.

A referral proceeding of another bank at the ECJ (C520/21)
mainly addresses issues regarding compensation for use and other:
benefits for funds that are to be returned under a void loan
agreement. Representatives of the plaintiffs, the defendant, the
supervisory authorities and the European Commission presented
their positions at a hearing in October 2022. The court did not
comment specifically on the matter. Once implemented by the
Polish courts, a decision in favour of the plaintiffs could result in
considerable economic burdens for mBank. A decision by the court
is expected in mid-2023.

Management Report

nancial Statements Further Info:

Risk Report f

Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

mBank established a settlement programme beginning in the
fourth quarter of 2022 that is aimed at all customers with active
loans, including those who already have lawsuits against the bank.
Customers will be offered the option of having their loans converted
into zloty loans with a fixed or variable interest rate as well as the
cancellation of an individually negotiated part of the outstanding
Joan value. As at the reporting date, mBank had accounted for risks
in connection with future settlement payments in the amount of
€122.1m.

In the third quarter of 2022, the Group changed the methodology
used to calculate the risk provisions for loan agreements indexed to
Swiss francs. The methodology is now based on historical data,
supplemented by expert assessments. The main assumptions are:
The expected number of borrowers who will still sue, the nature of
the expected court judgments, the amount of the Bank’s loss in the
event of a judgment, and the acceptance rate for settlements. The
methodology used to calculate the provision is based on parameters
that are varied, discretionary and in some cases associated with
considerable uncertainty. Fluctuations in the parameters as well as
their interdependencies and rulings of the Polish courts and the EC]
may mean that the amount of the provision has to be adjusted
significantly in the future.

As at 31 December 2022, the portfolio of loans denominated in
Swiss francs that have not been fully repaid had a carrying amount
of 6.1bn Polish zloty; the portfolio that had already been repaid
amounted to 7.5bn Polish zloty when it was disbursed. Overall, the
Group recognised a provision of €1.4bn for the risks arising from
the matter, including potential settlement payments and the class
action lawsuit (31 December 2021: €899m).

New legal provisions in Poland permit consumers, irrespective
of their financial position, to defer their monthly payments for
current mortgage loans up to eight times until the end of 2023. In
calculating the impact of these provisions, mBank is expecting
borrowers accounting for 82.5% of the eligible mortgage loan
portfolio to exercise this right and to request deferrals averaging
7.7 months. As at 31 December 2022, customers accounting for
81.8% of the portfolio had requested deferrals averaging 6.8
months.

In April 2021, the German Federal Court of Justice ruled on the
mechanism for changes to banks’ general terms and conditions
(AGB Banken) in a case against another bank and declared the
relevant clauses of the general terms and conditions to be void. This
mechanism stipulated that the customer's consent to certain
changes in the contract was given after a certain period of time if
the customer had not objected. The Bank has examined the impact
of this case law on its business units and products, as the charges
introduced or increased for consumers as a result of the mechanism
for changes to banks’ general terms and conditions may be void.

141


--- Page 68 ---

142 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Some of these cases could also have an impact on the reputation
of Commerzbank and its subsidiaries. The Group recognises
provisions for such proceedings if liabilities are likely to result from.
them and the amounts to which the Group is likely to be liable can
be determined with sufficient accuracy. Since there are
considerable uncertainties as to how such proceedings will develop,
the possibility cannot be ruled out that some of the provisions
recognised for them may prove to be inadequate once the courts’
final rulings are known. As a result, substantial additional expense
may be incurred. This is also true in the case of legal proceedings
for which the Group did not consider it necessary to recognise
provisions. The eventual outcome of some legal proceedings might
have an impact on Commerzbank’s results and cash flow in a given
reporting period; in the worst case, it cannot be fully ruled out that
the liabilities which might result from them may also have a
significant impact on Commerzbank’s earnings performance, assets
and financial position.

Further information on legal proceedings may be found in Note
55 regarding provisions and Note 57 regarding contingent liabilities

and lending commitments in the Group financial statements.

Compliance risk

Compliance risk falls within the definition of operational risk
according to the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR).
Commerzbank acknowledges and understands the existence of
inherent compliance risk in its areas of business, which are subject
to the risk of abuse in general and in particular by financial crime.
Compliance risk in this context comprises risks relating to money
laundering, terrorist financing, sanctions/embargoes, markets
compliance, fraud, bribery and corruption, as well as consideration
of human rights and environmental risks in accordance with the
German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act (LkSG).

In order to actively promote a compliance culture in the Bank,
the Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank has laid down
and communicated corresponding values in the Code of Conduct.

Organisation

Group Compliance is led by the Divisional Board member for Group
Compliance, who reports directly to the Board of Managing
Directors. Pursuant to Art. 87 (5) of the German Securities Trading

Act (WpHG) and BT 1.1 MaComp (minimum requirements of the
compliance function), the division head of Group Compliance is
both the Group’s Compliance Officer and, under Art. 25 h (7) of the
German Banking Act (KWG) and Arts. 7 and 9 of the German Anti-
Money Laundering Act (GwG), the Anti-Money Laundering Officer;
this person is supervised as such by the Federal
Supervisory Authority (BaFin).

The Group Compliance division head also assumes the role as
human rights officer according to the German Supply Chain Due
Diligence Act (LkSG). The human rights officer shall have a deputy
human rights officer who shall have the rights and powers of the
human rights officer.

Financial

Group Compliance is responsible for:
A. The five types/areas of compliance risk:
1) anti money laundering / fighting terrorist financing
2) sanctions and embargoes
3) combating fraud, bribery and corruption
4) markets compliance
5) consideration of human rights and environmental risks in
accordance with the LkSG

as well as

B. Further responsibilities:
1) coordination of the requirements under MaRisk section 4.4.2
(“MaRisk compliance function”),
2) independent implementation of internal special investigations
with compliance relevance.

In the third quarter of 2022, the Bank decided to implement in
Compliance the requirements set out in the LkSG.

The responsibilities based on the obligations under the QI
(Qualified Intermediary), FATCA (Foreign Account Tax Compliance
Act) and CRS (Common Reporting Standard) regimes as well as in
relation to the prevention of the aiding and abetting of tax evasion
(Anti-Tax Evasion Facilitation - ATEF) have been bundled within the
Group Tax function; the corresponding role of the QI and FATCA
Responsible Officer was transferred to Group Tax in July 2022. In
the foreign locations, the roles and responsibilities with regard to
ATEF-related tasks under the overall responsibility of Group Tax
remain unaffected by this structural change and will continue to be
carried out there by the local compliance function.


--- Page 69 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Re

Risk management

To prevent compliance risks, Commerzbank has implemented
security systems and controls for its transactions, customers,
products and processes. These procedures for ensuring compliance
with material legal provisions and requirements are referred to in
their

entirety as acompliance

Commerzbank’s compliance management system is based on

management system.
international market standards and the regulatory requirements in
the various countries which are relevant for Commerzbank’s
business activities. Commerzbank is constantly developing its
compliance management system in order to meet its responsibilities
and address the growing complexity and increasing regulatory
requirements. Under the three lines of defence principle, protecting
against undesirable compliance risks is an activity that is not
restricted to the compliance function (Group Compliance). Instead,
the organisational control and monitoring elements are aligned in
three sequential levels. The units in the first line of defence (1st LoD)
assume responsibility as part of their operational activities for
identifying and managing risks and for complying with their own
business rules; they are also responsible for setting up process-
oriented control mechanisms. Group Compliance, the second line
of defence (2nd LoD), sets standards for appropriate risk
management, oversees the appropriateness and effectiveness of the
procedures and controls in the first line of defence, and assesses
and communicates any deficiencies found. In addition, Group
Compliance carries out analyses and assessments of compliance
risks and ensures that the risk management framework is
implemented. Internal Audit, the third line of defence (3rd LoD),
uses regular and independent audits to check that compliance in
both the 1st LoD and 2nd LoD is appropriate and effective.

Compliance risks are managed in a control circuit with
interacting elements. Commerzbank constantly monitors relevant
regulatory requirements and ensures the definition and/or
adjustment of corresponding internal standards intended to make
sure it complies with the requirements. Regular internal training
measures and consulting services from the compliance function
support the effective implementation of these standards in the
Group. Implementation encompasses setting up and carrying out
suitable processes and controls in daily work, assuring their quality
and testing their effectiveness in the 1st and 2nd LoD. Compliance
risks are monitored and are the subject of regular internal reporting.
Where necessary, matters are escalated according to their urgency
and severity.

The compliance sub-risk strategy, as part of the overall risk
strategy of Commerzbank, sets the risk strategy framework for
dealing with compliance risks and contains a detailed description of
compliance risk management in addition to strategic and
organisational elements. In particular, the risk appetite per
compliance risk type is specified and the strategic fields of action
are defined.

Risk Report Financial Statements Fur
08 Executiv

09 Ris!

Risk analysis (compliance risk analysis) is one of the core
elements of risk management. It assesses the inherent risk arising
from doing business with different customer groups and products
and compares this in the Control Assessment with an evaluation of
the corresponding control environment for mitigating the inherent
risk. A residual risk is determined as the outcome. The Bank defines
measures to further enhance risk management (e.g. introducing
additional controls) as necessary and tracks implementation closely.

Current developments
In recent years, Commerzbank has worked through all the findings
from the settlements with various US authorities regarding
violations of US sanctions and money
regulations. Commerzbank last reported to the DFS (Department of
Financial Services) for the fourth quarter of 2022.

On 13 April 2022 Commerzbank London received confirmation
from the UK financial services supervisory authority, the Prudential

laundering prevention

Regulation Authority (PRA), that its application to be recognised as
a “third-country branch” had been approved. This approval allows
the Bank to continue operating as a branch of Commerzbank AG in
the UK; it had been operating under the Temporary Permissions
Regime (TPR) since 1 January 2021. The approval also means
discontinuation of all voluntary restrictions on business, which were
put in place during the review carried out in the branch by the
“skilled person” appointed by the UK Financial Conduct Authority
(FCA).

In August 2022 Commerzbank reached an agreement with the
Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA) to pay a fine of HKD 6m.
The fine is due to breaches of the Money Laundering Ordinance in
the area of KYC for the period April 2012 to June 2016. Following
the report from the HKMA, an immediate programme to work
through the infringements was launched, and this has already been
completed.

Reputational risk

Reputational risk is the risk that stakeholders may lose confidence
in Commerzbank or that its reputation may be damaged as a result
of negative events in its business acti S.
stakeholder groups include in particular the public and the media,
non-governmental organisations and its customers. In the present-

Commerzbank’s

day competitive environment, a company’s reputation is becoming
more and more important. The main factor determining this is how
companies handle sustainability considerations (environmental or
social risks) in the market segments’ customer business (intrinsic
reputational risks). Companies are judged not only on the basis of
people’s personal experiences of them, but also on reports reaching
the public, especially through the media. Reputational risk therefore
goes hand in hand with communication risk.


--- Page 70 ---

144 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Strategy and organisation

All employees and managers have a fundamental duty to protect and
reinforce Commerzbank’s good reputation as a significant element
of its enterprise value. The segments and significant subsidiaries
bear direct responsibility for reputational risk resulting from their
particular business activity. The Reputational Risk Management
department is part of the central Group Communications division of
the Commerzbank Group and focuses on intrinsic reputational risk
that may directly lead to reputational damage among stakeholder
groups. The department maintains close links with the relevant front
office units. Management of intrinsic reputational risk is the
responsibility of the Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors.
It is a component of Commerzbank’s overall risk strategy. Reputa-
tional Risk Management's tasks include identifying, evaluating and
addressing intrinsic reputational risk in systematic processes at an
early stage and suggesting or implementing appropriate measures
(early warning function).

Risk management

Managing intrinsic reputational risk means identifying and reacting
to potential environmental and social risks at an early stage, thereby
reducing any potential communication risk or even preventing it
completely. Intrinsic reputational risk is managed by means of
a qualitative approach. As part of a structured process, transactions,
products and customer relationships in connection with sensitive
areas are assessed with reference to environmental and social risks
on a qualitative five-point scale. This assessment can contain
conditions and in some cases a negative verdict, which could lead
to a rejection. In addition to the qualitative assessment of intrinsic
reputational risks, an annual scenario-based ICAAP materiality
analysis is used to quantitatively assess the impact of climate and
environmental risks on reputational risks and to ensure appropriate
ICAAP consideration via business risk.

The sensitive areas regularly and comprehensively analysed in
Reputational Risk Management include armaments exports and
transactions, products and customer relationships relating to power
generation and commodities extraction. Commerzbank’s attitude
towards these areas is laid down in positions and guidelines that are
binding for all employees. Commerzbank’s Reputational Risk
Management department regularly observes and analyses new
environmental and social issues and informs the relevant parts of
the Bank about these. The reputational risks identified and
addressed by the department are incorporated into the quarterly
reputational risk report — part 1: non-quantifiable risks; part 2: high
and major intrinsic reputational risks (sustainability issues) — which
is prepared for the Board of Managing Directors and the Risk
Committee of the Supervisory Board.

Environmental, social and governance (ESG)
risks

The integration of ESG aspects into the Bank’s risk management
processes is hugely important for sustainable finance.

The three lines of defence concept for ESG risks was refined
during 2022. ESG risks are considered a type of horizontal risk and
as such are managed by various control units across the Bank.
Group Sustainability Management also acts the second line of
defence for social (S) and governance (G) risks, serving as a central
point of oversight. Environmental (E) risks are dealt with within the
risk control function. A Chief Environmental Risk Officer (CERO) has
also been appointed and tasked with bringing the Environmental
Risk Control unit into operation.

Through the ESG framework published in July 2022 we have
made our understanding of and commitment to sustainability
transparent for all stakeholders. The framework creates a Bank-
wide standard that enables stringent management of all relevant
products, processes and activities and ensures the sustainable
transformation of Commerzbank. The focus of the ESG framework
is on our core business. We distinguish between “transformation
finance” and “sustainable finance”. We are convinced that the
entire economy has a role to play in sustainable transformation and
must act accordingly. Therefore, we classify all portfolio
components that are not affected by our exclusion criteria as
transformation finance. Sustainable finance, on the other hand,
describes that part of our portfolio that we classify as explicitly
sustainable. This includes financial products and services that serve
positive environmental and/or social purposes and thus contribute,
for example, to achieving the goals of the Paris Agreement or the
UN Sustainable Development Goals. In order to determine which
exposures meet our sustainability requirements and are thus part of
sustainable finance, we have developed a transparent review system
and our own criteria, which are disclosed in the ESG framework.
The ESG framework also provides an overview of our sustainability
directives and exclusion criteria.

To this end, we have formulated sector-specific requirements,
for example for mining, energy and fossil fuels, including oil and
gas. Cross-sector requirements relate to human rights and
indigenous peoples. Exclusion criteria were defined for particularly
critical products, transactions or business relationships. This
includes, for example, financing for oil and gas production projects
(conventional and unconventional production methods), as well as
the Group-wide decision not to finance new construction or
expansion for coal mines, coal infrastructure or coal-fired power
plants. Financing of such projects is excluded under our Fossil
Fuels Policy. In this way, we ensure that even existing customers
are not supported by any business that is prohibited under the Fossil
Fuels Policy. For years now, environmental and biodiversity aspects
have been integrated into the core business by means of minimum


--- Page 71 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Re

environmental standards and corresponding exclusion criteria, and
compliance with these standards has been monitored.

Sustainability in the core business is assessed by the Reputational
Risk Management department at Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft.
We do not limit ourselves to what is legally required; instead, we
consider the legitimacy of all transactions. In view of the special risks
associated with fossil fuels and armaments, the Board of Managing
Directors of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft has passed its own
binding directives on these matters that define many of the relevant
transactions and business relationships in these areas as being
subject to assessment, and encompass exclusion criteria. The fossil
fuels directive was revised at the beginning of 2022 and includes
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft’s requirements for customers in
the coal, oil and gas sectors.

Adjustments were also made in relation to arms during the year
under review. What has not changed is that we recognise the basic
right of states to defend themselves and do not question the need
for the German armed forces to exist or to be adequately equipped.
We therefore continue to finance arms manufacturers who produce
weapons and armament systems for the Federal Republic of
Germany and its allies. Nevertheless, we have tightened and
expanded the requirements and criteria for the arms industry
applying to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, which have been in
place since 2008. The Board of Managing Directors approved the
new Arms and Surveillance Technology Policy in January 2023. It
preserves the fundamental parameters of the old policy, which
means that Commerzbank will not fund arms business in conflict
zones or areas of tension, or business relating to what are termed
“controversial weapons”. In addition, the new policy now also
governs the approach in relation to autonomous weapons and
surveillance technology.

In the Reputational Risk Management department, business
transactions and business relationships in sectors in which human
rights play a significant role, such as mining, raw materials
extraction or the cotton sector, are intensively researched, analysed
and assessed in detail. In addition, Commerzbank Aktiengesell-
schaft worked intensively in the reporting year to implement the
LkSG, which has come into force on 1 January 2023.

Commerzbank —_Aktiengesellschaft’s Reputational Risk
Management department thus defines the criteria for and limits of
business operations and assesses transactions, products and
customer relationships after careful analysis. The assessment
process starts in the front office: as soon as an issue defined as
sensitive by the Bank is affected, Reputational Risk Management
must be brought in. The assessment uses a five-point scale and can
result in a rejection of the product, the transaction or the business
relationship.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Inforrr

08 Executiv
09 Risl
7 Defau

Risk
Management department based on its commitment to the United
Nations Global Compact. mBank’s risk management strategy is
based on three pillars: supporting sustainable growth, striving for
prudent and stable risk management, and strengthening its skills in
managing ESG and cyber risks. mBank has formulated its own
exclusion criteria for various sectors based on the EU’s climate and

mBank in Poland operates its own Reputational

energy policies. These include the mining and energy sectors,
among others: for example, financing for the construction or
expansion of hard coal and lignite mines is excluded. mBank’s
reputational risk strategy is reviewed annually and coordinated with
the parent company.

In order to lay the foundation for future management of
biodiversity, in 2022 we conducted an impact analysis for the first
time using the “Encore” tool. Encore provides a science-based link
between economic activities and biodiversity-damaging impacts. In
our analysis, we compared the business volume of the sectors we
finance with the tool’s external data and then weighted them. We
identified potential areas of action and strategic priorities and will
develop further analyses and measures to protect biodiversity.

We are pursuing the strategic goal of reducing the CO2 emissions
of our entire loan and investment portfolio to net zero by 2050. For
this purpose, in 2022 we analysed the CO» intensity of the loan
portfolio of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft using sector-specific
target values in accordance with the Paris Agreement. In terms of
methodology, we are guided by the Science Based Targets Initiative
(SBTi), which advocates the reduction of greenhouse gases on the
basis of scientifically calculated targets. This enables companies to
align their climate policy with the goals of the Paris Agreement and
effectively counteract climate change. Using the SBTi method we
have set specific sector-specific goals with a view to reducing the
CO» emissions associated with our loan portfolio (what are called
“financed emissions”) and ultimately to meet our net zero
commitment.

We aim to manage all portfolios highlighted as requiring
attention in the SBTi method, with a particular focus on emissions-
intensive sectors. These include power generation, fossil fuels,
automotive manufacturing, as well as the production of cement, iron
and steel. We will likewise consider the private residential mortgage
loan portfolio, which is deemed optional in the SBTi analysis. In the
2022 reporting year, corresponding emissions intensity reduction
targets were formulated for all these portfolios and validated under
the SBTi. The portfolio targets according to the SBTi are published
in the ESG framework, and the status of target achievement is
regularly updated there. Our ambition is to support companies in
the real economy in their transition process and to sustainably
reduce emissions.

145


--- Page 72 ---

146 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

At Commerzbank, we do not consider climate risks as a separate
type of risk, but as a horizontal risk. This can materialise across the
different known types of risk. In 2022, we again carried out
a comprehensive materiality analysis for climate risks across all risk
types for the Commerzbank Group, in particular with regard to the
expectations set out in the ECB’s guidance on climate and
environmental risks. In this process, all risk types assessed as
material in the risk inventory are evaluated in terms of their
materiality in relation to climate risks, and both transition and
physical risks are taken into consideration. Transition risks arise for
companies, for example, as a result of regulatory or legal changes
in energy policy, changes in market sentiment and preferences, or
technological innovations. Physical risks, on the other hand,
develop as a result of changing climatic conditions and the
associated more extreme and more frequent acute weather events,
such as floods, or chronic effects, such as rising sea levels.

Depending on the risk type, the assessment was made on
a qualitative and/or quantitative basis. As a result of the analysis,
the influence of climate and environmental risks for the risk types
credit risk, market risk, operational risk (including compliance and
cyber risk), reputational risk and business risk was confirmed as
material. The findings of the materiality analysis feed into the
creation of the business strategy, the overall risk strategy and the
sub-risk strategies as well as into other core elements of the Bank's
internal process to ensure an adequate capital position, such as the

internal stress test framework and the risk-bearing capacity concept.

With regard to credit risk, relevant parameters of various climate
scenarios were holistically translated into economic effects. For
transition risks, changes in regulation, price changes, changes in
supply or demand, and the effects of technological changes are
considered, among other things; to assess physical risks, climate
scenarios involving acute flooding and heat events are used and

analysed. This is followed by a statement on the impact of climate
risks in the short, medium and long term up to 2050.

Transition risks are industry-specific, with sometimes significant
differences in the sub-sectors within an industry (e.g. mechanical
engineering). We look at the impact on an industry from both
amacroeconomic and an internal Bank perspective. Potential
impacts of physical climate risks vary, in some cases significantly,

by geographic location and circumstances, and must be considered
when taking a portfolio perspective.

As a major financier of the German economy, we are also active
in sectors that are particularly exposed to climate-related physical
or transition risks. However, we have little exposure to some of the
hardest-hit sectors (agriculture, for example). Sectors that could
potentially be more heavily affected by climate risks and that have
a sufficiently large exposure are, for example, the energy sector, the
automotive sector and mechanical engineering. Owing to the
geographical focus of our portfolio in Germany and Europe, we are
less affected by physical climate risks, such as hurricanes and rising
sea levels, than other regions in the world. Overall, both climate-
related transition and physical risks are considered material to
credit risk over a long-term time horizon.

In order to proactively manage the effects of climate risks in
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft’s lending business, we are
systematically optimising our processes and methods. Lending
decisions for companies and institutional customers therefore take
into account not only an individual risk assessment but also — where
relevant — the extent to which they involve climate risks and the level
of resilience to them.

In this, we are progressively combining the specific findings
from the scenario analyses with the individual risk analysis at
customer level. We take a portfolio-specific approach and thus take
appropriate account of the differences in terms of affectedness and
the risk drivers. In the particularly relevant portfolios, such as large,
international companies, special financing and commercial real
estate finance, we have supplemented the qualitative risk analysis
in the individual loan decisions with specific aspects for the analysis
of climate risks.

The results of the analyses are aggregated into a structured
assessment that is incorporated into the decision-making processes.
We take this score into account in individual lending decisions, but
we also use it as part of portfolio analysis and management. We will
progressively extend this approach to other relevant portfolios and
include smaller companies, for example. In our target state, we
want to integrate climate risks - as far as possible — into the
quantitative credit risk analysis and thus fully reflect them across
the process chain, including in pricing and reporting.


--- Page 73 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Re

Climate risks also play a major role in Commerz Real's asset
management, both physical and transition risks. The Bank uses the
future scenarios based on the representative CO2 concentration
pathways set out by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change to determine an accurate exposure of assets and the
portfolio. In its risk assessment, including scenario analyses,
Commerz Real relies on tools such as the Carbon Risk Real Estate
Monitor (CRREM) and the PwC Climate Excellence Tool. The
CRREM tool shows climate pathways using asset class and country-
specific COz and final energy target values for a 1.5° and a 2.0°
scenario. The Climate Excellence Tool, on the other hand, allows for
a site-specific evaluation of physical climate risks for different
scenarios. In this way, Commerz Real tries to perform a risk analysis
that is as accurate as possible for the location on the basis of
existing data and to derive specific measures to prevent damage at
an early stage. The results feed into the risk assessment and the
sustainability assessment of all real estate transactions and are
taken into account accordingly in the management phase. The basis
of climate risk management is collecting all consumption and
emissions data and location data in a way that is as reliable as
possible. To this end, Commerz Real has implemented a
sustainability data management system and also uses external
partners to collect data on a global level.

In addition to climate risks, risks from the loss of biodiversity are
also among the relevant environmental risks. In 2022 the materiality
analysis examined for the first time the extent to which biodiversity
is material as a risk driver for the Commerzbank Group. As with
climate risks, biodiversity risks can be divided into physical and
transition risks. While physical biodiversity risks arise from a loss
or degradation of things provided by the ecosystem on which the
economic system depends (e.g. pollination or genetic diversity),
transition risks in this context refer to risks that arise from the
transformation process towards a more sustainable and environ-
mentally friendly economy.

The physical risk analysis focused on an assessment of the
dependence on the ecosystem of sectors in which Commerzbank is
represented through credit exposures. To do this, we used external
data that classify the degree of dependence of sectors on the
ecosystem, and we considered these data in conjunction with the
volume of business in each sector.

In the case of transition biodiversity risks for credit risk, the
negative impact of business acti
consequences due to anticipated future regulatory changes to
protect biodiversity were included. As a result, we currently assess
physical biodiversity risks as not material, but consider transition
risks to be material risk drivers for credit

ies on the environment and the

‘isk in the medium and
long term. It can be assumed that biodiversity risks will tend to
increase with time. In the future, a more in-depth analysis is

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Inforrr

08 Executiv
09 Risl
7

planned, supported by corresponding scenarios — where available —
and more advanced evaluation methods in this context.

IT risk

IT risk is a form of operational risk. In our internal definition, we
define IT risk as risks to the security of information processed in our
systems in terms of meeting the four IT security objectives set out
below:

Confidentiality: Information is confidential if it is not accessible
to, or capable of being reconstructed by, unauthorised persons,
business processes or IT systems.

Integrity: Information possesses integrity if it has not been
modified or destroyed by any unauthorised means. An information-
processing system (IT system) possesses integrity if it can perform
its intended functions without hindrance and free of unauthorised
manipulations, whether deliberate or accidental.

Traceability: Actions and technologies applied to information
are traceable if they themselves and their source can be traced back
without any ambiguity.

Availability: Information is available if it is always capable of
being used to a predefined extent by authorised persons, business
processes and IT systems when it is required.

Commerzbank attaches great importance to the protection and
security of its own information, of that entrusted to it by customers,
and of the business processes and IT products used to process it.
They form a permanent core element in our IT strategy. IT security
requirements are based on the IT security objectives referred to
above and are set down in policies and procedural instructions.

IT risks are identified, evaluated and regularly reviewed as part
of IT governance processes. IT risk is covered in the quarterly IT
risk report. Information security is also established as a principal
objective for our Internal Control System. As a result of altered
conditions, more attention has been given to consideration of the
four IT security objectives for home office technologies.

Relevant IT risks are also evaluated as part of operational risk
management through risk scenarios and considered in the Bank’s
RWA calculation. This includes the risk of a breakdown of critical IT,
the risk of external attack on the Bank’s systems or data and, since
2021, the risks of modern cloud sourcing (cyber crime, advanced
persistent threat (APT)! and cloud scenarios), the theft of corporate
data or the default of service providers and vendors. See also the
description of cyber risk.

Given the major importance of IT security to Commerzbank, it is
further developed and improved on an ongoing basis by means of
strategic initiatives. We have taken into account the significance of
the “human” factor in IT security and cyber security by introducing
additional training and awareness-raising measures.

1 An advanced persistent threat is a special form of cyber attack. The intention of an

APT attack is to remain undetected for as long as possible in order to steal sensitive
information (internet espionage) or cause other types of damage over a longer period.

147


--- Page 74 ---

148 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Cyber risk

Cyber risk comprises risks with direct relevance to security and
risks that lead to relevance to security (with respect to cyber space).
The part of cyber space of relevance to Commerzbank is all
connected IT environments within the Bank and those outside the
Bank that lead to customers, business partners and service
providers. Cyber risk is therefore concerned with the digital
representation of the Bank’s assets (data, information) within cyber
space.

The strategic guidelines from the Group risk strategy and the
cyber and information security strategy apply without limitation to
cyber risk.

Commerzbank manages cyber and information security risks via
the Group division “Group Risk Management — Cyber Risk &
Information Security” (GRM-CRIS), which reports to the Group
Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). In addition to established
security functions such as the ISO 27001 certified Information
Security Management System (ISMS) as well as risk reporting on
key risk indicators, GRM-CRIS focuses on managing cyber risk
appropriately and on strengthening Commerzbank’s
resilience (including its information security incident management
capabilities). It also addresses the interaction between cyber and
information security risks and other types of material risk relating
to areas such as operational risk.

The main factor in the current cyber risk situation is the
geopolitical tension surrounding the Ukraine war. The actual threat
situation has so far been limited to cross-sector attacks by pro-
Russian and pro-Ukrainian activists. Cyber attacks and sabotage
campaigns by state actors have thus far been focused on Ukraine.
Developments in the cyber context are observed on an ongoing
basis at Commerzbank by an interdisciplinary task force (top
from GRM-CRIS and Group

cyber-

management and_ specialists
Technology Foundations — GS-TF).
In connection with the increased remote use of Bank resources,

for example in connection with split operations or working from
home, there are still no new or expanded methods of attack against
the Bank and its employees.

In the last two years the increasing spread of ransomware in
cyber crime has to be emphasised, even if Commerzbank has not
been affected by this so far. Ransomware is a special type of
malware that blocks access to or encrypts data on IT devices and

then requires the victim to pay a ransom for its recovery. The
significant damage potential of such attacks is illustrated by a
number of recent incidents in which supply chains were disrupted.
By closely interlinking the 1st and 2nd line of defence (LoD)
the field of cyber threat
corresponding protective measures and incident management
processes, the Bank shall continue to be adequately protected
against ransomware attacks.

activities in analysis, including

Human resources risk

Human resources risk falls within the definition of operational risk
referred to in the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR). The
internal, management-oriented interpretation of this definition at
Commerzbank includes the following elements in human resources
risk:

Adjustment risk: Adjustment risk results when organisational
and operational circumstances change (for example, restructuring,
changes in management culture, qualification needs), these
changes impact employees’ scope of responsibilities and therefore
require a greater willingness to change on the part of the staff. We
offer selected internal and external training, continuing education
and change programmes to ensure that the qualification levels of
our employees keep pace with the current requirements, guidance
is provided for structural changes and our employees can fulfil their
duties and responsibilities.

Motivation risk: Motivation risk arises when demotivating
factors are not eliminated and employees do not adequately
perceive motivating factors such as management or remuneration.
The effects (such as withheld performance by employees) can have
a direct impact on the working environment and the organisation’s
productivity. Employee surveys enable us to respond as quickly as
possible to potential changes in our employees’ level of corporate
loyalty and to initiate adequate measures.

Departure risk: Departure risk takes into account the
consequences of undesired employee departures (for example, if an
employee resigns voluntarily), particularly when high performers
are involved. We take great care to ensure that the absence or
departure of employees does not result in long-term disruptions to
our operations. We also monitor staff turnover on a regular basis
from both a quantitative and a qualitative perspective.



--- Page 75 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Re

Supply risk: Supply risk reflects the consequences of insufficient
staffing (for example, inadequate development of young staff) and
the resulting consequences (operating bottlenecks, increased
workload, lower productivity and illness). Appropriate quantitative
and qualitative staffing aims to ensure that internal operating
requirements, business activities and Commerzbank’s strategy can
be implemented.

Employees are a key resource for Commerzbank. Human
resources risk is systematically managed by Group Human
Resources with the aim of identifying, assessing and managing risks,
for instance by applying selected personnel tools. The Board of
Managing Directors is regularly informed about human resources
risk.

Overall, the Bank will continue to monitor human resources risk.
There is a risk that the human resources risk situation will
deteriorate as a result of frequent structural changes due to a
change in Group strategy. Change and organisational measures
have already been initiated to counter human resources risk.

Business strategy risk

Business strategy risk is the medium- to long-term risk of negative
influences on the achievement of Commerzbank’s strategic goals,
for example as a result of changes in the market or competitive
environment, capital market requirements, regulatory/political
factors or the inadequate implementation of the Group strategy
(primary risk drivers).

Group strategy is developed further in a process that takes both
external and internal factors into account. On the basis of these
factors, the Board of Managing Directors sets out a sustainable
business strategy describing the major business activities and steps
required to meet the targets. To ensure proper implementation of
the Group strategy to achieve the business targets, strategic
controls are carried out through regular monitoring of quantitative
and qualitative targets in the Group and the segments.

Responsibility for strategic corporate management lies with the
Board of Managing Directors. Specific business policy decisions

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Inforrr

08 Executiv
09 Risl
7 Defau

(acquisition and sale of equity holdings > €300m) also require the
authorisation of the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee. In
addition, all major initiatives and projects are decided by the Board
of Managing Directors.

Model risk

Model risk is the risk of incorrect management decisions based on
an inaccurate depiction of reality by the models used. With regard
to the causes of model risk we distinguish between model risk from
exceeding model boundaries and model risk from model errors
(manual errors in model development/implementation). In line with
the focus of the Group risk strategy, namely to ensure that the Bank
has adequate capital and liquidity, the models for assessing risk-
bearing capacity (capital requirements under the Basel framework
and economic capital requirements, respectively) and liquidity
resources are central for risk management.

The basic principles of model risk management are the
identification and avoidance of model risks and appropriate
consideration of known model risks (e.g. through conservative
calibration or consideration of margins of conservatism or model
reserves). Model risks that are unknown and hence cannot be
mitigated are accepted as an inherent risk in the complexity of the
Commerzbank business model. In respect of the governance of
model risk management, requirements relating to model validation
and model changes are established.

The war in the Ukraine and its geopolitical impact as well as the
economic secondary effects from the Corona pandemic pose
challenges for the risk models used. Commerzbank has introduced
measures to counter the increased model risk and to ensure
appropriate management even in the current phase.

The initiative from 2022 to strengthen management of model risks
will further continue. This concerns both aspects of governance and
the scope of monitoring and validation activities. In addition, strategi-
cally relevant models are currently being revised fundamenttally
(various credit risk models). In this context, high standards in model
development and initial validation play a major role.

149


--- Page 76 ---

150 Commerzbank Annual Report 2022

Further development

In May 2017, a Polish court admitted a class action lawsuit against
a subsidiary of Commerzbank alleging the ineffectiveness of index
clauses in loan agreements denominated in Swiss francs (CHF).
Since then, various legal issues have come before the Polish courts
and the ECJ. On 16 February 2023, the opinion of the Advocate
General of the ECJ in case C520/21, in proceedings against another
bank, was presented, the subject of which is whether, in the event
a mortgage loan agreement is void in its entirety, the contracting
parties can assert claims from a contracting party beyond
reimbursement of the monetary consideration, in particular to
remuneration.

The Advocate General points out that “it is a matter for the
national court to determine, by reference to national law, whether
consumers have the right to assert such claims and, if so, to rule on
their merits.” If the referring court takes the view that national law
entitles the consumer to claim additional benefits from the bank,
Directive 93/13 does not preclude this. National courts may also
have the power to dismiss such actions if they are abusive.

With regard to the bank’s claims against the consumer, the
Advocate General also notes that “it is, in principle, a matter for the
national court to determine, by reference to domestic law, whether
(...) a bank is entitled to assert against a consumer claims that go
beyond reimbursement of the loan capital transferred and payment
of default interest at a statutory rate.”

However, the Advocate General considers that Directive 93/13,
even if this were permissible under national law, excludes those
claims, since it is clear from its general notion that, rather than
seeking to ensure a contractual balance between the rights and
obligations of the parties to the contract, it seeks to avoid an
imbalance between those rights and obligations to the detriment of

Disclaimer

Commerzbank’s internal risk measurement methods and models
which form the basis for the calculation of the figures shown in this
report are state-of-the-art and based on banking sector practice.
The risk models produce results appropriate to the management of
the Bank. The measurement approaches are regularly reviewed by
Risk Controlling and Internal Audit as well as by German and
European Despite being
developed and regularly checked, models cannot cover all the

supervisory authorities. carefully

consumers. In addition, a bank cannot derive any economic benefit
created by its own unlawful behaviour. The sanction of free credit is
the normal consequence of the ex tunc annulment of the loan
agreement upon the removal of its unfair terms.

The Advocate General's opinion is not binding on the ECJ, nor is
it binding in the national courts and the Polish Supreme Court. The
ECJ can share the position of the Advocate General’s, but it may also
rule otherwise, interpreting Directive 93/13 differently.

Taking into account the opinion of the Advocate General at the
ECJ in case C520/21 against another bank, the subsidiary has
performed a reassessment of the assumptions of the model applied
as at the balance sheet date in order to assess the impact on the
claims and the settlement programme. In the opinion of the
subsidiary, given the lack of binding force of the opinion, as at the
balance sheet date, there is no need to change the assumptions
applied. The subsidiary will await the ECJ’s ruling and the
subsequent development of Polish jurisprudence. The ruling will be
of significant importance for the shaping of case law in matters of
foreign currency indexed loans. It will also be reflected in the
parameters of the model, such as the distribution of expected court
rulings or scenarios, and will affect the behaviour of borrowers in
terms of willingness to accept settlements or to file lawsuits. It
cannot be ruled out that such future events may have a significant
negative impact on the estimation of the legal risk associated with
mortgage loans in Swiss francs in the future. If the periodic
monitoring of the parameters and assumptions of the model
necessitates changes, they will be implemented.

This has no effect on Commerzbank’s Group financial statements
as at 31 December 2022.

influencing factors that have an impact in reality or illustrate their
complex behaviour and interactions. These limits to risk modelling
apply in particular in extreme situations. Supplementary stress tests
and scenario analyses can only show examples of the risks to which
a portfolio may be exposed in extreme market situations; stress-
testing all imaginable scenarios is not feasible. They cannot
definitively estimate the maximum loss should an extreme event
occur.
