GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Outlook
Risks and Opportunities Report

General information

Overview of the Group

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

17

GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THIS
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

The following discussion of the Group Management Report of
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and its subsidiaries
(together referred to as “we”, “our”, “FMC AG & Co. KGaA",
“Fresenius Medical Care”, “the Group” or “the Company”) was
prepared in accordance with sections 315 to 315d of the Ger-
man Commercial Code and German Accounting Standards No.
20, and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements in this report. Some of the statements,
including those concerning future revenue, costs and capital
expenditures, possible changes in our industry as well as the
competitive and financial conditions include forward-looking
statements. We made these forward-looking statements based
on the expectations and beliefs of the Management Board of
the Company's General Partner (Management Board) pertain-
ing to future events that may affect us, but which we cannot
assure that such events will occur or that the results will be as
anticipated. Because these statements involve opportunities,
risks and uncertainties, the actual results may differ materially
(positive as well as negative) from the results which the for-
ward-looking statements express or imply. The statements
cover the content of and are subject to the uncertainties
described in the discussions in this report in the chapters “Out-
look" and “Risks and opportunities report” as well as in NOTE 2
AND 22 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

The non-financial group declaration is not part of the Group
Management Report. It is part of a separate chapter of the
Annual Report and will be disclosed as separate Non-Financial
Group Report together with the Group Management Report.

Rounding adjustments applied to individual numbers and per-
centages shown in this and other reports may result in these
figures differing immaterially from their absolute values. Some
figures (including percentages) in this report have been
rounded in accordance with commercial rounding conventions.
In some instances, such rounded figures and percentages may
not add up to 100% or to the totals or subtotals contained in
this report. Furthermore, totals and subtotals in tables may dif-
fer slightly from unrounded figures contained in this report due
to rounding in accordance with commercial rounding conven-
tions. A dash (-) indicates that no data were reported for a spe-
cific line item in the relevant financial year or period, while a
zero (0) is used when the pertinent figure, after rounding,
amounts to zero.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Outlook
Risks and Opportunities Report

General information

Overview of the Group

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

OVERVIEW
OF THE GROUP

We provide high-quality health care solutions
for patients with renal diseases. Our innovative
products and therapies set high standards in
dialysis treatment.

BUSINESS MODEL
Operations and company structure

Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading provider of prod-
ucts and services for individuals with renal diseases based on
publicly reported revenue and the number of patients treated.
We provide dialysis and related services for individuals with
renal diseases as well as other health care services. We also
develop, manufacture and distribute a wide variety of health
care products, which we sell to customers in around 150 coun-
tries as well as using them in our own health care service oper-
ations. Our dialysis business is therefore vertically integrated.

We continue to generate most of our revenue with dialysis
products and dialysis care services. In our 4,116 proprietary
dialysis centers in around 50 countries worldwide, we provide
care for over 344,000 dialysis patients. We manage the world's
largest network of dialysis centers in terms of the number of
people treated to accommodate an ever-rising number of
patients. In addition, we operate 42 production sites in around
20 countries. The most important plants for dialyzer produc-
tion are in St. Wendel (Germany), Ogden, Utah (U.S.), Changshu
(China), LArbresle (France), and Buzen (Japan). Dialysis
machines are manufactured in Schweinfurt (Germany), in
Concord, California (U.S.), and in Changshu (China).

18

Fresenius Medical Care has a decentralized structure and is
divided into the regions North America, Europe, Middle East
and Africa (EMEA), Asia-Pacific and Latin America. Our operat-
ing segments correspond to this regional breakdown (the term
“North America Segment” refers to our North America operat-
ing segment, the term “EMEA Segment” refers to the Europe,
Middle East and Africa operating segment, the term “Asia-
Pacific Segment” refers to our Asia-Pacific operating segment,
and the term “Latin America Segment” refers to our Latin
America operating segment).

As announced on November 2, 2021, we have entered the next
phase of our program focusing on the transformation of our
global operating model to strengthen profitability and enable
execution on our strategy (FME25 Program). Since January 1,
2023, Fresenius Medical Care has been managing its business
in the two global operating segments Care Enablement and
Care Delivery, adopting a more centralized approach. In Care
Enablement, the Company consolidates the previously decen-
tralized health care products business. Within Care Delivery we
combine our global health care services business. Our Global
Medical Office continues to leverage the vertically integrated
approach to optimize clinical outcomes for our patients. Gen-
eral and administrative functions are also globalized using a
three pillars model of business partnering, centers of excel-
lence and global shared services.

Fresenius Medical Care's company headquarters is in Bad
Homburg v.d.Hdhe, Germany. The headquarters in North
America, our most important region in terms of revenue, is in
Waltham, Massachusetts (U.S.).

CHART 2.1 ON PAGE 19 provides an overview of our most import-
ant production sites and headquarters.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

Our products and services

Fresenius Medical Care provides dialysis and related services
for individuals with renal diseases as well as other health care
services. We also develop, manufacture and distribute a wide
variety of health care products. Our health care products and
health care services for the fiscal year 2022 are shown in

CHART 2.2 ON PAGE 20.

Approximately 3.9 M (2021: 3.8 M) patients worldwide regularly
underwent dialysis treatment at the end of 2022. Dialysis is a
life-saving blood cleansing procedure that substitutes the func-
tion of the kidney in case of kidney failure. Healthy kidneys
clean the blood of waste products, regulate water levels, and
produce important hormones. If the kidneys are irreparably
damaged and are therefore no longer able to function ade-
quately over a longer period of time, this is known as chronic
kidney failure or end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Many dis-
eases can lead to chronic kidney failure, particularly diabetes,
chronic nephritis or high blood pressure. There are currently
two treatment options for ESRD: kidney transplant and dialysis.

Our health care products

The health care products we offer in around 150 countries
around the world focus on the following therapies:

» Hemodialysis (HD) - HD is by far the most common type of
therapy for chronic kidney failure. Fresenius Medical Care pro-
vides a wide range of HD products in dialysis centers as well
as for use at home. They include machines, dialyzers, blood-
line systems, HD solutions and concentrates, water treatment
systems, as well as data processing and analysis systems.

> Peritoneal dialysis (PD) - In PD the peritoneum is used as a nat-
ural filter. We offer systems and solutions for continuous ambu-
latory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) and automated peritoneal
dialysis (APD) in dialysis centers as well as for use at home.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information
Overview of the Group
Economic Report
Subsequent events

c21 MAJOR LOCATIONS

02

os

North America

@ WALTHAM, U.S.
Regional headquarters
North America

01 OGDEN, U.S.
Dialyzers, PD solutions

02 CONCORD, U.S.
Dialysis machines

03 OREGON, U.S.
Concentrates

04 MONTREAL, CA
Concentrates

O5 IRVING, U.S.
Concentrates

06 ERIKA DE REYNOSA, MX
Bloodlines

07 GUADALAJARA, MX
Dialysis solutions

08 TIJUANA, MX
Cycler, concentrates

Outlook
Risks and Opportunities Report
Corporate Governance fundamentals

04
01 e
03 WALTHAM
U.S.
os
06
07
09
10 e
RIO DE JANEIRO
BR
11
Latin America

@ RIO DE JANEIRO, BR
Regional headquarters
Latin America

09 BOGOTA, CO
Dialysis solutions

10 JAGUARIUNA, BR
Dialysis solutions

11. PILAR, AR
Concentrates

19

BAD HOMBURG

Europe

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

BAD HOMBURG, DE
Company headquarters and
regional headquarters Europe,
Middle East and Africa
SCHWEINFURT, DE

Dialysis machines

ST. WENDEL, DE

Dialyzers, PD solutions
L'ARBRESLE, FR

Dialyzers, concentrates

PALAZZO PIGNANO, IT
Bloodlines

KREMS, AT
Adsorbers

VRSAC, RS
Dialyzers, bloodlines

ANTALYA, TR
Concentrates

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

20
21

HONG KONG
CN

22

Asia-Pacific

19

20

21

22

23

24

HONG KONG, CN

Regional headquarters

Asia-Pacific

INUKAI, JP mM
Fibers

BUZEN, JP
Dialyzers, PD bags

CHANGSHU, CN

Dialysis machines, dialyzers, PD bags
ENSTEK, MY

Concentrates, PD bags
SMITHFIELD, AU

Concentrates

SCORESBY, AU
Dialysis chairs, packs

23
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information
Overview of the Group
Economic Report
Subsequent events

Outlook
Risks and Opportunities Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

c2.2 OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

HEALTH CARE SERVICES

» End-Stage Renal Disease-
related treatments

» End-Stage Renal Disease-
related laboratory testing
services

» Acute dialysis services

OTHER HEALTH CARE

SERVICES

> Value and risk-based
care programs

» Pharmacy services

> Vascular, cardiovascular and
endovascular specialty
services as well as ambulatory
surgery center services

» Physician nephrology and
cardiology services

>» Ambulant treatment services

HEALTH CARE PRODUCTS

Hemodialysis machines and
peritoneal dialysis cyclers

v

v

Dialyzers

v

Peritoneal dialysis solutions

v

Hemodialysis concentrates,
solutions and granulates

Bloodlines

v

v

Renal pharmaceuticals
> Systems for water treatment

v

Other equipment and
medical devices

OTHER HEALTH CARE
PRODUCTS

> Acute cardiopulmonary
products

> Apheresis products

20

» Acute dialysis - In case of a sudden loss of renal function, con-
tinuous renal replacement therapy is used in intensive care
units. Fresenius Medical Care also provides products for this.

We also offer other health care products including acute
cardiopulmonary products and products for apheresis therapy,
which involves the removal of excess blood fats or pathogenic
antibodies.

Our health care services

Dialysis patients receive life-saving dialysis treatment and
other associated services such as laboratory tests in our 4,116
(2021: 4,171) dialysis centers worldwide. Dialysis treatment at
our clinics is usually performed three times a week over a
period of several hours by trained medical staff. We also pro-
vide advice on medical support and training for home dialysis
patients in our dialysis centers.

In 2022, we treated most of our patients (60%) (2021: 60%) in
the North America Segment, followed by 19% (2021: 19%) in
the EMEA Segment, 11% (2021: 11%) in the Latin America Seg-
ment and 10% (2021: 10%) in the Asia-Pacific Segment.

Fresenius Medical Care is able to operate its own dialysis clinics
in countries where the health care system allows private-sector
companies to provide medical services and an appropriate
reimbursement system is in place.

In addition to our dialysis treatments, we also provide other
health care services which include value and risk-based care
programs, pharmacy services, vascular, cardiovascular and
endovascular specialty services as well as ambulatory surgery
center services, physician nephrology and cardiology services
and ambulant treatment services.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

Our value and risk-based care programs allow for partnerships
with payors and the government to reduce the overall cost of
care while helping people with kidney disease. We support the
entire spectrum of renal care, from chronic kidney disease
(CKD) to ESRD, including kidney transplantation, supportive
care, and all modalities of dialysis. With our industry expertise,
we leverage artificial intelligence, analytics, technological capa-
bilities, and platforms to support early interventions.

Major markets and competitive position

According to our estimates, the number of dialysis patients
worldwide reached around 3.9 M in 2022 (2021: 3.8 M) - a 3%
growth rate. Fresenius Medical Care is the global leader in dial-
ysis care, providing treatment to about 9% of all dialysis
patients (2021: 9%). In the same period, 344,687 people were
treated in Fresenius Medical Care's network of dialysis centers
(2021: 345,425). More information on the number of patients
can be found in CHART 2.3 ON PAGE 21.

Fresenius Medical Care is also the global market leader for dial-
ysis products. Products made by Fresenius Medical Care for use
in our own dialysis centers or for sale to third-party customers
accounted for a market share of 35% in 2022 (2021: 36%). In
the case of hemodialysis products, we had a 41% share of the
global market (2021: 42%), making us the world leader in this
field as well.

Dialyzers for hemodialysis are the largest product group in the
dialysis market with a worldwide sales volume of around 390 M
units in 2022 (2021: 377 M). Approximately 161 M (around 41%)
of these were made by Fresenius Medical Care (2021: 158 M or
around 42%), giving us by far the biggest market share. Hemo-
dialysis machines constitute another key component of our
product business. Here, too, we are the market leader. Of the
estimated 90,000 machines installed in 2022 (2021: 94,000),
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report

Overview of the Group

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

c2.3 PATIENTS TREATED

North America Segment

EMEA Segment
2022 [ERB

2021 eR

Asia-Pacific Segment
2022 Jj 2%
2021 2%

Latin America Segment
2022 fig

2021 RG

Worldwide
2022 [ERG

2021 -ERa

== Fresenius Medical Care Other providers
Source: Company data and estimates

approximately 42,000, or around 47% (2021: 48,000 or around
51%), were produced by Fresenius Medical Care.

Furthermore, we hold a strong position in the market for peri-
toneal dialysis products: Around 15% (2021: around 15%) of all
peritoneal dialysis patients use products made by Fresenius
Medical Care.

The overall market for dialysis care services in the U.S. is con-
solidated. Across all market segments, we treat around 38% of
all dialysis patients here (2021: 37%). In the U.S., home dialysis
is becoming increasingly important. In 2022, about 15% (2021:

21

70 %
70 %

92%
92%

98%
98%

89 %
89 %

W%
W%

15%) of our U.S. dialysis treatments were performed at home.
Outside the U.S., the dialysis services business is much more
fragmented. With over 1,450 dialysis centers (2021: 1,490)
and approximately 139,000 patients (2021: 139,000) in around
50 countries (2021: 50), Fresenius Medical Care operates by far
the largest network of clinics.

Global Manufacturing and Supply
Our production, distribution, and supply of renal and multi-

organ therapy products is managed through a global network
of manufacturing sites and distribution centers. In about 150

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

countries, patients and customers depend on the manufactur-
ing and delivery of a full range of products used in renal treat-
ments as well as heart and lung therapies.

As part of our FME25 Program, the integration of manufactur-
ing and supply into our future segment Care Enablement was
started during 2022. The objective of our production strategy
is to manufacture high-quality products in the right place at the
right time on the best possible terms. We are able to implement
this strategy thanks to a network of large production sites,
where we make products for sale worldwide, as well as smaller
production sites that primarily supply products regionally.

At the end of 2022, 16,916 people (total headcount) were
employed in manufacturing and supply (2021: 16,952).

CORPORATE STRATEGY
AND OBJECTIVES

“Creating a future worth living. For patients. Worldwide. Every
day.” This vision guides us in our efforts to give our patients
around the world a better life by offering them high-quality
products and outstanding health care.

At the same time, we expect to face a multitude of challenges
in the coming years: an aging population, a rise in chronic dis-
eases, fragmented care, staff shortages, cost pressure, digitali-
zation and the COVID-19 pandemic, all of which require new
approaches and solutions in health care.

Our products and health care services are at the core of our
strategy. To implement it successfully, we will concentrate on
three key areas: the renal care continuum, critical care solu-
tions, and complementary assets.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Outlook
Risks and Opportunities Report

General information

Overview of the Group

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

c2.4 OUR FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE STRATEGY

RENAL CAR
cONTINUYy,

\e

Renal care continuum

To meet the challenges of the future, we are leveraging our
core strategic competencies: developing innovative products,
operating outpatient facilities, standardizing medical proce-
dures and coordinating patients effectively.

With the implementation of our corporate strategy (SEE
CHART 2.4), we intend to take a further step to bring us closer
to our goal of providing health care for chronically and critically
ill patients across the renal care continuum. We aim to use our

22

innovative, high-quality products and services to offer sustain-
able solutions at a reliable cost.

The renal care continuum encompasses the following aspects:

> New renal care models:
We intend to use digital technologies such as artificial intelli-
gence and big data analytics to develop new care models for
patients with kidney failure, such as personalized dialysis and
holistic home treatment.

> Value and risk-based care models:
These models allow us to offer care that is not only better, but
also affordable in the long term. Our aim is to establish
sustainable partnerships with payors around the world to
drive forward the transition from fee-for-service payment to
pay-for-performance models.

» Chronic kidney disease and transplantation:

We want to provide patients with holistic care along their
entire treatment path. To this end, we have broadened our
value and risk-based care programs to include the treatment
of chronic kidney disease with a view to slowing disease pro-
gression, enabling a smoother start to dialysis and preventing
unnecessary hospital stays. We also intend to incorporate kid-
ney transplants into value-based care models in the future.

> Future innovations:
Through Fresenius Medical Care Ventures we invest in start-
ups and early-stage companies in the health care sector with
the goal of gaining access to new and disruptive technologies
and treatment concepts for our core business and comple-
mentary assets.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

Critical care solutions

The number of patients requiring continuous renal replace-
ment therapy to treat acute kidney failure is set to rise in the
next decade to around 1.5 million per year. In addition to acute
dialysis, the Company is also active in other areas of extra-
corporeal critical care therapy, such as the treatment of acute
heart, lung and multi-organ failure.

Complementary assets

We will supplement and strengthen our existing network where
feasible through additional partnerships, investments and
acquisitions. This will help us to create medical value added
while saving costs, enabling us to build an even more solid
foundation for our future growth to 2025 and beyond. For fur-
ther information on the InterWell Health business combination,
which supports our business activities, see section “Overall
business development - Highlights” in the chapter “Economic
Report” and NoTE 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

Integrating sustainability

For us, sustainability is about being successful in the long term
and creating lasting value - economically, ecologically and
socially. Our commitment to sustainability is incorporated in
our vision and our mission. It is also reflected in our strategy.
With our Global Sustainability Program, we have integrated the
issue even more closely into our business activities from 2020
to 2022. In this context, we have introduced sustainability as a
non-financial performance target for management compensa-
tion. Based on the results of the Global Sustainability Program,
in 2022, we developed a new set of global sustainability targets
for the coming years. The Supervisory Board also decided on
new sustainability goals for Management Board compensation
in 2023. They are linked to progress of the Company's sustain-
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Outlook
Risks and Opportunities Report

General information

Overview of the Group

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

ability targets in the areas of patient satisfaction, employee
satisfaction, and sustainable products and services.

For further information, see the separate Non-Financial Group
Report and the Compensation Report within the chapter
“Corporate Governance” of the Annual Report.

Globalizing our operating model

In 2021, Fresenius Medical Care launched its FME25 Program.
Starting in 2022, the Company has been significantly stream-
lining its operating model to create two global segments - Care
Delivery and Care Enablement (which were implemented on
January 1, 2023). By doing so, the Company is structuring its
operating model along its key value drivers. The new operating
model continues Fresenius Medical Care's strategy to globalize
and simplify its structure in the course of implementing its
growth strategy. The objective is to better capture identified
growth opportunities, leverage expertise to accelerate value
creation, enhance capital allocation, further exploit the advan-
tages of the Company's vertical integration, increase transpar-
ency both internally and externally, reduce the administrative
burden in terms of cost and speed, and promote a culture of
agility, innovation and accountability.

The new global operating model went live on January 1, 2023.
With the new model, we will not only simplify our organization
and significantly reduce overhead costs but rigorously optimize
our portfolio in both operating segments. While we have made
progress with the implementation of the operating model and
the savings planned under the FME25 Program, we are working
on measures that further support margin improvement.

For further information, see the section “Business Model” in
the chapter “Overview of the Group”, the section “FME25” in
the chapter “Outlook” and NOTE 27 of the notes to the consoli-
dated financial statements.

23

PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT
SYSTEM

The Management Board oversees our Company by setting stra-
tegic and operational targets and measuring various financial
key performance indicators used for internal management
determined in euro based upon IFRS and other measures, as
described below.

The key performance indicators used for internal management
are identical in the individual operating segments.

Each operating segment is evaluated based on target figures
that reflect the revenue and expenses they control. The effects
of certain transactions and income taxes are not included as we
believe these items to be outside the operating segments’ con-
trol. Financing is a corporate function, which the operating seg-
ments do not control. Therefore, we do not include interest
expense relating to financing as an operating segment mea-
surement. Similarly, we do not allocate certain costs which
relate primarily to certain headquarters’ overhead charges,
including accounting and finance, certain legal and IT costs,
global research and development, global manufacturing, quality
and supply chain management and costs attributable to the
Global Medical Office because we believe that these costs are
also not within the control of the individual operating segments.

The following key performance indicators and certain other
financial information as well as discussions and analyses set
out in this report include measures that are not defined by IFRS
(Non-IFRS Measure). We believe this information, along with
comparable IFRS financial measurements, is useful to our
investors as it provides a basis for assessing our performance,
payment obligations related to performance-based compensa-
tion, our compliance with covenants and enhanced transpar-
ency as well as comparability of our results. Likewise, in this

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

context, presenting our results excluding special items ensures
comparability of the figures presented with the Company's
financial targets which have been defined excluding special
items. The primary key performance indicators are used in the
internal management of the Company, including the prepara-
tion of the outlook, at Constant Currency excluding special
items. In addition, we report secondary financial performance
indicators to give the reader of this report a full picture of our
results of operations, financial position and net assets. Non-
IFRS financial measures should not be viewed or interpreted as
a substitute for financial information presented in accordance
with IFRS.

Performance indicators at Constant
Exchange Rates or Constant Currency
(Non-IFRS Measure)

Our presentation of some financial measures used in this report
such as changes in revenue, operating income and net income
attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA (or net
income) includes the impact of translating local currencies to
our reporting currency for financial reporting purposes. We
calculate and present these financial measures using both
IFRS and at constant exchange rates in our publications to
show changes in these metrics and other items without giving
effect to period-to-period currency fluctuations. Under IFRS,
amounts received in local (non-euro) currency are translated
into euro at the average exchange rate for the period pre-
sented. Once we translate the local currency for the constant
currency, we then calculate the change, as a percentage, of
the current period calculated using the prior period exchange
rates versus the prior period. This resulting percentage is a
Non-IFRS Measure referring to a change as a percentage at
constant currency. These currency-adjusted financial mea-
sures are identifiable by the designated terms “Constant
Exchange Rates” or “Constant Currency”.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT
General information Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report

Overview of the Group

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

The primary key performance indicators, with the exception of
ROIC (defined below), are presented at Constant Currency
excluding special items (defined below) for management pur-
poses. ROIC and each of these indicators presented at Constant
Currency are considered non-IFRS measures. For the purposes
of management compensation, these metrics are also bench-
marked at the underlying exchange rates used in the calcula-
tion of our incentive compensation targets.

We believe that the measures at Constant Currency are useful
to investors, lenders and other creditors because such informa-
tion enables them to gauge the impact of currency fluctuations
on our revenue, operating income, net income attributable to
shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA and other items from
period to period. In addition, under our long-term incentive
plans, we measure the attainment of certain pre-determined
financial targets for revenue growth and net income growth in
Constant Currency. However, we limit our use of Constant
Currency period-over-period changes to a measure for the
impact of currency fluctuations on the translation of local
currency into euro. We do not evaluate our results and perfor-
mance without considering both:

1. period-over-period changes in revenue, operating income,
net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co.
KGaA and other items prepared in accordance with IFRS and

2. Constant Currency changes in revenue, operating income,
net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co.
KGaA and other items.

We caution the readers of this report not to consider these
measures in isolation, but to review them in conjunction with
changes in revenue, operating income, net income attributable
to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA and other items pre-
pared in accordance with IFRS. We present the growth rate
derived from non-IFRS measures next to the growth rate

24

derived from IFRS measures such as revenue, operating
income, net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG &
Co. KGaA and other items. As the reconciliation is inherent in
the disclosure included within section “Results of operations,
financial position and net assets” below in the chapter “Eco-
nomic Report”, we believe that a separate reconciliation would
not provide any additional benefit.

Performance indicators excluding special items

The primary key performance indicators are used in the man-
agement of the Company, including the preparation of the out-
look, at Constant Currency excluding special items. Therefore,
management believes that there are special items which should
also be excluded from primary key performance indicators at
Constant Currency in external reporting to enhance trans-
parency and comparability (Special Items). Special Items are
unusual in nature and have not been foreseeable or not fore-
seeable in size or impact at the time of giving guidance. In the
presentation of the expected development of our business in
our outlook, Special Items are therefore excluded. Presenting
our results excluding Special Items ensures comparability of
the figures presented with the Company's financial targets
which have been defined excluding Special Items.

In 2021, we identified the costs related to the FME25 Program
and in 2022, we identified the costs related to the FME25 Pro-
gram, the Hyperinflation in Turkiye, the Humacyte Investment
Remeasurement and the Net Gain Related to InterWell Health in
the North America Segment as well as the Impacts Related to
the War in Ukraine (defined below) as Special Items which, when
excluded from the results disclosed, may provide a reader with
further useful information in assessing our performance against
the financial targets. These results at Constant Currency exclud-
ing Special Items are presented as part of the comparison of the
actual business results with the outlook and in our outlook,
together with reconciliations of the performance indicators for

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

our Consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance
with IFRS to the performance indicators at Constant Currency
excluding Special Items. These results at Constant Currency
excluding Special Items should only be viewed as a supplement
to our results disclosed in accordance with IFRS.

For further information see section “Overall business develop-
ment - Comparison of actual business results with the outlook”
in the chapter “Economic Report" and section “Key perfor-
mance indicators development of Fresenius Medical Care in
2023" in the chapter “Outlook”.

Financial performance indicators
Primary key performance indicators
Revenue and revenue growth

We use revenue and revenue growth as key performance indi-
cators, as we believe that the key to continue growing our rev-
enue is to attract new patients and increase the number of
treatments performed each year. The number of treatments
performed each year is therefore an indicator of both the abso-
lute amount of revenue as well as continued revenue growth.
For further information regarding revenue recognition and
measurement, refer to NOTE 1K of the notes to the consolidated
financial statements.

Revenue and revenue growth are used at Constant Exchange
Rates excluding Special Items for management purposes.

Operating income
Operating income is the most appropriate measure for evaluat-

ing the profitability of the operating segments and therefore is
also a key performance indicator.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Outlook
Risks and Opportunities Report

General information

Overview of the Group

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

Operating income is used at Constant Exchange Rates exclud-
ing Special Items for management purposes.

Net income and net income growth

As net income represents the profitability of our business after
all costs including operating costs, interest income and expense,
taxes and the impacts of noncontrolling interests in our subsid-
iaries, this metric shows our profit for the period after taking
into account all aspects of our business. On a consolidated
level, we also use percentage growth in net income (net income
attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA).

Net income and net income growth are used at Constant Exchange
Rates excluding Special Items for management purposes.

Return on invested capital (ROIC) (Non-IFRS Measure)

ROIC is the ratio of operating income after tax (net operating
profit after tax or NOPAT) of the last 12 months to the average
invested capital of the last five quarter closing dates, including
adjustments for acquisitions and divestitures made during the
year with a purchase price above a €50 M threshold, consistent
with the respective adjustments made in the determination of
adjusted EBITDA below (see “Net leverage ratio (Non-IFRS
Measure)"”). ROIC expresses how efficiently we allocate the cap-
ital under our control or how well we employ our capital with
regard to investment projects.

TABLES 2.6 TO 2.11 STARTING ON PAGE 26 Show the reconciliation
of average invested capital to total assets, which we believe to
be the most directly comparable IFRS financial measure, and
how ROIC is calculated.

25

TABLE 2.5 provides an overview of our primary key performance
indicators:

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

T2.5 PRIMARY KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
IN € M, EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE SPECIFIED
Results 2022 Results 2021

As reported At Constant Currency As reported
(in accordance with IFRS, excl. Special Items, (in accordance with IFRS,
except for ROIC) except for ROIC2 except for ROIC)
Revenue 19,398 17,985 17,619
Revenue growth in % 10 2 (1)
Operating income 1,512 1,673 1,852
Net income! 673 842 969
Net income growth in % ' (31) (17) (17)
ROIC in % 3.3 3.9 49

' Net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA.

2 Performance indicators used for management purposes, for further information on Constant Currency and Special Items, see above in this section.

The results at Constant Currency excluding Special Items
should only be viewed as a supplement to our results disclosed
in accordance with IFRS and are used for management pur-
poses. Presenting our results at Constant Currency excluding
Special Items also ensures comparability of the figures pre-
sented with the Company's financial targets which have been
defined excluding Special Items.

For a reconciliation of the results prepared in accordance with
IFRS to the results at Constant Currency excluding Special
Items see section “Overall business development - Comparison
of actual business results with the outlook” in the chapter
“Economic Report”.

Secondary financial performance indicators
Operating income margin

Operating income margin represents the ratio of operating
income to revenue. We believe operating income margin shows
the profitability of each of our operating segments and our
company on a consolidated basis.

Basic earnings per share growth

Percentage growth in basic earnings per share at Constant
Currency (Non-IFRS Measure) is a key performance indicator to
evaluate our profitability. This indicator helps to manage our
overall performance. Basic earnings per share is calculated
by dividing net income attributable to shareholders by the
weighted-average number of outstanding shares over the
course of the year.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT 26 FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

General information Outlook  «) e a) ra) > )
Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

T2.6 RECONCILIATION OF AVERAGE INVESTED CAPITAL AND ROIC T2.7_ ADJUSTMENTS TO AVERAGE INVESTED CAPITAL AND ROIC
(NON-IFRS MEASURE, UNADJUSTED) IN € M, EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE SPECIFIED
IN € M, EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE SPECIFIED

Dec. 31, Sept. 30, June 30, March 31, Dec. 31,
Dec. 31, Sept. 30, June 30, March 31, Dec. 31, 2022 2022 2022: 20223 20223 2021?
2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2021
Total assets - - 576 539 528
Total assets 35,754 38,406 36,070 34,724 34,367 ; 7
Minus: Cash and cash equivalents = = (55) (52) (51)
Plus: Cumulative goodwill _
amortization and impairment loss 645 699 665 641 612 Minus: Accounts payable
to unrelated parties = = (9) (8) (8)
Minus: Cash and cash equivalents (1,274) (1,114) (1,025) (1,173) (1,482) , _.
Minus: Provisions and
Minus: Loans to related parties (1) (3) (1) (4) (15) other current liabilities! = = (4) (4) (3)
Minus: Deferred tax assets (313) (328) (310) (299) (315) Invested capital - - 508 475 466
Minus: Accounts payable Adjustment to average invested
to unrelated parties (813) (828) (837) (790) (736) capital as of December 31, 2022 290
Minus: Accounts payable
to related parties (118) (81) (102) (70) (121) Adjustment to operating income? (25)
Minus: Provisions and Adjustment to income tax expense? 8
other current liabilities’ (3,008) (3,488) (3,222) (3,188) (3,319)
Adjustment to NOPAT (17)
Minus: Income tax liabilities (171) (242) (207) (194) (174)

' Including non-current provisions, non-current labor expenses and variable payments outstanding for acquisitions and excluding pension liabilities
Invested capital 30,701 33,021 31,031 29,647 28,817 and noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions.

3 Including adjustments for acquisitions and divestitures made during the reporting period with a purchase price above a €50 M threshold.

Average invested capital as of

December 31, 2022 30,643
Operating income 1,512
Income tax expense? (487)
NOPAT 1,025

' Including non-current provisions, non-current labor expenses and variable payments outstanding for acquisitions and excluding pension liabilities
and noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions.
? Adjusted for noncontrolling partnership interests.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information
Overview of the Group
Economic Report
Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

27? FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

T2.8 RECONCILIATION OF AVERAGE INVESTED CAPITAL AND ROIC

(NON-IFRS MEASURE)

IN € M, EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE SPECIFIED

T2.9 RECONCILIATION OF AVERAGE INVESTED CAPITAL AND ROIC
(NON-IFRS MEASURE, UNADJUSTED)
IN € M, EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE SPECIFIED

Dec. 31, Sept. 30, June 30, March 31, Dec. 31, Dec. 31, Sept. 30, June 30, March 31, Dec. 31,
2022 2022 2022: 2022? 20223 20215 2021 2021 2021 2021 2021 2020
Total assets 35,754 38,406 36,646 35,263 34,895 Total assets 34,367 33,831 32,987 33,159 31,689
Plus: Cumulative goodwill Plus: Cumulative goodwill
amortization and impairment loss 645 699 665 641 612 amortization and impairment loss 612 604 602 598 583
Minus: Cash and cash equivalents (1,274) (1,114) (1,080) (1,225) (1,533) Minus: Cash and cash equivalents (1,482) (1,562) (1,408) (1,073) (1,082)
Minus: Loans to related parties (1) (3) (1) (4) (15) Minus: Loans to related parties (15) (4) (6) (1) (1)
Minus: Deferred tax assets (313) (328) (310) (299) (315) Minus: Deferred tax assets (315) (374) (359) (333) (351)
Minus: Accounts payable Minus: Accounts payable
to unrelated parties (813) (828) (846) (798) (744) to unrelated parties (736) (706) (685) (635) (732)
Minus: Accounts payable Minus: Accounts payable
to related parties (118) (81) (102) (70) (121) to related parties (121) (94) (102) (105) (95)
Minus: Provisions and other current Minus: Provisions and
liabilities! (3,008) (3,488) (3,226) (3,192) (3,322) other current liabilities' (3,319) (3,516) (3,528) (3,436) (3,180)
Minus: Income tax liabilities (171) (242) (207) (194) (174) Minus: Income tax liabilities (174) (224) (218) (232) (197)
Invested capital 30,701 33,021 31,539 30,122 29,283 Invested capital 28,817 27,955 27,283 27,942 26,634
Average invested capital as of Average invested capital as of
December 31, 2022 30,933 December 31, 2021 27,725
Operating income? 1,487 Operating income 1,852
Income tax expense? (479) Income tax expense? (490)
NOPAT 1,008 NOPAT 1,362

1 Including non-current provisions, non-current labor expenses and variable payments outstanding for acquisitions and excluding pension liabilities

ROIC in % 3.3 and noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions.

' Including non-current provisions, non-current labor expenses and variable payments outstanding for acquisitions and excluding pension liabilities

and noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions.

2 Adjusted for noncontrolling partnership interests.

3 Including adjustments for acquisitions and divestitures made during the reporting period with a purchase price above a €50 M threshold.

? Adjusted for noncontrolling partnership interests.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information
Overview of the Group
Economic Report
Subsequent events

Outlook

Risks and Opportunities Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

28

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

T2.10 ADJUSTMENTS TO AVERAGE INVESTED CAPITAL AND ROIC

IN € M, EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE SPECIFIED

T 2.11 RECONCILIATION OF AVERAGE INVESTED CAPITAL AND ROIC (NON-IFRS MEASURE)

IN € M, EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE SPECIFIED

Dec. 31, Sept. 30, June 30, March 31, Dec. 31, Dec. 31, Sept. 30, June 30, March 31, Dec. 31,
2021 2021 2021° 20215 2021° 20202 2021 2021 20215 20215 2021 20202
Total assets - 15 186 189 291 Total assets 34,367 33,946 33,173 33,348 31,980
Minus: Cash and cash equivalents - - - - (3) Plus: Cumulative goodwill
; _, amortization and impairment loss 612 604 602 598 583
Minus: Provisions and
other current liabilities! - - - - (6) Minus: Cash and cash equivalents (1,482) (1,562) (1,408) (1,073) (1,085)
Invested capital - 15 186 189 282 Minus: Loans to related parties (15) (4) (6) (1) (1)
Adjustment to average invested Minus: Deferred tax assets (315) (374) (359) (333) (351)
capital as of December 31, 2021 154 ;
Minus: Accounts payable
to unrelated parties (736) (706) (685) (635) (732)
. an 3
Adjustment to operating income 12 Minus: Accounts payable
Adjustment to income tax expense? (3) to related parties (121) (94) (102) (105) (95)
Adjustment to NOPAT 9 Minus: Provisions and
TT G|  —MDWWWWW'W—wZr~—~ other current liabilities! (3,319) (3,516) (3,528) (3,436) (3,186)
' Including non-current provisions, non-current labor expenses and variable payments outstanding for acquisitions and excluding pension liabilities
and noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions. Minus: Income tax liabilities (174) (224) (218) (232) (197)
3 Including adjustments for acquisitions and divestitures made during the reporting period with a purchase price above a €50 M threshold.
Invested capital 28,817 28,070 27,469 28,131 26,916
Average invested capital as of
December 31, 2021 27,879
Operating income? 1,864
Income tax expense*? (493)
NOPAT 1,371
ROIC in % 4.9

' Including non-current provisions, non-current labor expenses and variable payments outstanding for acquisitions and excluding pension liabilities

and noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions.
2 Adjusted for noncontrolling partnership interests.

3 Including adjustments for acquisitions and divestitures made during the reporting period with a purchase price above a €50 M threshold.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Outlook
Risks and Opportunities Report

General information

Overview of the Group

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

Net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities in % of revenue

Our consolidated statement of cash flows indicates how we
generated and used cash and cash equivalents. In conjunction
with our other primary financial statements, it provides infor-
mation that helps us evaluate changes to our net assets and
our financial structure (including liquidity and solvency). Net
cash provided by (used in) operating activities is applied to
assess whether a business can internally generate the cash
required to make the necessary replacement and expansion of
investments. This indicator is impacted by the profitability of
our business and the development of working capital, mainly
receivables. Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
in percent of revenue shows the percentage of our revenue
that is available in terms of financial resources. This measure is
an indicator of our operating financial strength.

Free cash flow in % of revenue
(Non-IFRS Measure)

Free cash flow (which we define as net cash provided by (used
in) operating activities after capital expenditures, before acqui-
sitions and investments) refers to the cash flow we have at our
disposal, including cash flows that may be restricted for other
uses. This indicator shows the percentage of revenue available
for acquisitions and investments, dividends to shareholders,
reducing debt financing or for repurchasing shares.

For a reconciliation of cash flow performance indicators for
2022 and 2021 which reconciles free cash flow and free cash
flow in percent of revenue to Net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities and Net cash provided by (used in) operat-
ing activities in percent of revenue, see section “Results of
operations, financial position and net assets - Financial posi-
tion - Sources of Liquidity” in the chapter “Economic Report”.

29

Capital expenditures, acquisitions
and investments

We manage our investments using a detailed coordination and
evaluation process. The Management Board sets our complete
investment budget as well as the investment targets. Before real-
izing specific investment projects or acquisitions, our internal
Acquisition & Investment Committee examines the individual
projects and measures considering the expected return on invest-
ment and potential yield. Investment projects are evaluated using
common methods such as net present value, internal interest rate
methods and payback periods. We utilize this evaluation method-
ology to ensure that we only make and implement investments
and acquisitions that increase shareholder value. Capital expen-
ditures for property, plant and equipment and capitalized devel-
opment costs is an indicator used for internal management.
It influences the capital invested for replacement and expansion.

Net leverage ratio (Non-IFRS Measure)

The net leverage ratio is a performance indicator used for cap-
ital management. To determine the net leverage ratio, debt and
lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents (net debt) is
compared to adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization), adjusted for:

> the effects of acquisitions and divestitures made during the
year with a purchase price above a €50M threshold as
defined in our Syndicated Credit Facility (SEE NOTE 14 of the
notes to the consolidated financial statements),
> non-cash charges,
> impairment loss, and
> Special Items, including:
>» costs related to our FME25 Program,
>» the impact from applying hyperinflationary accounting
under IAS 29, Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary
Economies (IAS 29), in Turkiye (Hyperinflation in Turkiye),

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

> the impact from the remeasurement of our investment in
Humacyte, Inc. (Humacyte Investment Remeasurement),
the net gain related to the InterWell Health business com-
bination, including the remeasurement gain of our invest-
ment, prior to the transaction, in InterWell Health LLC,
the impairment of certain long-lived assets belonging to
Acumen Physician Solutions, LLC which was transferred
to InterWell Health as part of the transaction and certain
transaction-related costs (Net Gain Related to InterWell
Health) (for further information regarding the InterWell
Health business combination, see “Overall business devel-
opment - Highlights” in chapter “Economic report” and
NOTE 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial state-
ments), and

bad debt expense in Russia and Ukraine and the impair-
ment of a production plant and associated machines
resulting from economic sanctions imposed on Russia,
which negatively impacted our supply chain to the coun-
try, as a result of the Ukraine War (Impacts Related to the
War in Ukraine). Although to date the Ukraine War has had
minimal impact on our impairment testing of goodwill in
the EMEA Segment, as we continue to treat patients and
provide health care products to our clinics in those coun-
tries, receive reimbursements and generate cash flows, it
has had an impact on the valuation of certain assets and
receivables as a result of the ongoing hostilities.

The ratio is an indicator of the length of time the Company
needs to service the net debt out of its own resources. We
believe that the net leverage ratio provides alternative infor-
mation that management believes to be useful in assessing our
ability to meet our payment obligations in addition to consider-
ing the absolute amount of our debt. We have a strong market
position in a growing, global and mainly non-cyclical market.
Furthermore, most of our customers have a high credit rating
as the dialysis industry is characterized by stable and sustained
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Outlook
Risks and Opportunities Report

General information

Overview of the Group

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

cash flows. We believe this enables us to work with a reason-
able proportion of debt.

For our self-set target range and a reconciliation of the net
leverage ratio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, see section
“Results of operations, financial position and net assets -
Financial position - Financing strategy” in the chapter
“Economic Report”.

Changes to the internal
management system

In 2023, the internal management system will be updated due
to the way in which the Management Board will manage
and represent the Company, in line with the FME25 Program,
in the future.

Based on these changes, net income, net income growth and
ROIC will no longer be used as primary key performance
indicators for internal management from January 1, 2023. Net
income, net income growth and ROIC will continue to be
included as secondary financial performance indicators.

Primary key performance indicators for internal management
from 2023 onwards are as follows:

> revenue,
> revenue growth, and
> operating income.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Developing innovative products and continuously improving
our therapies are intrinsic elements of our strategy. Our world-
wide research and development (R&D) activities, which will be
managed in the new Care Enablement segment (CE) starting in

30

2023 (in 2022 by Global Research and Development division
(GRD)), allow us to develop products and therapies efficiently
and to systematically promote the exchange of knowledge and
technology between regions.

Global research and development strategy

Health care systems face major financial challenges. We there-
fore aim to direct our research and development activities
toward developing innovative products and therapies that not
only meet high quality standards and improve clinical out-
comes, but are also affordable. As an operator of proprietary
dialysis clinics and a provider of products for treating patients
at home, we believe that these aims are entirely compatible. In
addition, we are in a strong position to provide life-saving
therapies and treatments to patients suffering from acute
kidney failure due to COVID-19.

Our research and development strategy contributes to our cor-
porate strategy, which aims to provide health care for chron-
ically and critically ill patients across the renal care continuum,
in critical settings and by acquiring and developing complemen-
tary assets. Furthermore, our research and development strat-
egy is globally orientated, enabling us to respond even better
to the worldwide rise in demand for high-quality yet cost-effi-
cient treatment and therapy methods. In doing so, we also take
regional market conditions into account and offer a differenti-
ated product range across all three key areas of our corporate
strategy (see section “Corporate strategy and objectives”).

In the future, we intend to deliver innovative, competitive prod-
ucts even more efficiently. As part of our organizational realign-
ment, we have therefore started to consolidate our previously
decentralized health care products business, including research
and development, in the Care Enablement segment beginning
on January 1, 2023. The products business will be organized

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

along the three treatment modalities that we serve: In-center,
Home and Critical Care.

Alongside our research and development activities, we collabo-
rate with external partners with the aim of expanding our com-
prehensive innovation and technology network. These partners
include numerous academic institutions, such as research insti-
tutes at prestigious universities in the U.S. Another partner is
the Renal Research Institute in New York. This subsidiary of
Fresenius Medical Care North America is a renowned institution
in the field of clinical research into all aspects of chronic kidney
failure. Together, we are working on fundamental issues relating
to renal therapies. In addition, Fresenius Medical Care Ventures
collaborates with start-ups and early-stage companies with the
objective of promoting an open culture of innovation and
enabling access to the latest technologies.

Innovations in 2022

Our aim is to continuously improve our patients’ quality of life
and the outcomes of their treatment as well as to ensure our
growth in the medium to long term. To this end, we are working
on new products that are close to market launch, and have an
extensive portfolio of innovation projects. These focus on tech-
nologies in our core business as well as related areas of strate-
gic interest.

Home dialysis

For many people with chronic kidney failure, peritoneal dialysis
is the preferred treatment modality and the gentlest option
during the first years of renal replacement therapy. Our aim for
this form of treatment is to make the therapy systems more
accessible, more intelligent, and more connected.

One example of this is the digital therapy platform Kinexus that
will support every APD cycler in our portfolio in the future,
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Outlook
Risks and Opportunities Report

General information

Overview of the Group

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

which gives physicians and nursing staff constant online access
to treatment data and enables them to program individual pre-
scriptions remotely. This further improves treatment outcomes
and boosts the productivity of on-duty nursing staff. The
Kinexus platform is already available with the Liberty® Select
cycler, a peritoneal dialysis machine already in use in the U.S.
market, which received FDA clearance in November 2022 for
remote therapy programming. This digital innovation is intended
to reduce the number of hospitalizations, cases of technical fail-
ure and discontinuations of treatment. It also extends the aver-
age amount of time spent in peritoneal dialysis, which is gener-
ally beneficial for patients. Ultimately, Kinexus will serve as
enabling technology for future innovations.

SILENCIA, a new APD cycler utilizing an extremely simple,
ultra-quiet and highly reliable gravity-based mechanism for
fluid control, allows high quality automated peritoneal dialysis
to be carried out at very low costs. Positive results in terms of
stability and functionality of the system have already been
attained for treatments in South America. Roll-out in Asia, the
Middle East and North Africa is already planned.

With the NxStage VersiHD touchscreen cycler and the NxStage
System One, we continue to lead the global market in home
hemodialysis products. We launched additional innovations for
this application area with the latest release of the Nx2me
Connected Health platform incorporating in-app videoconfer-
ence with virtual sessions, and the NxSTEPS HHD digital train-
ing platform.

In fiscal year 2022, we launched the “China CAPD” app (CAPD =
continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis) in the Chinese mar-
ket. The app is designed to help peritoneal dialysis patients
enter therapy data and vital signs, order consumables and
track order progress and delivery themselves. The China CAPD
app enables medical professionals to gain an improved over-

31

view of therapy outcomes, document home visits and provide
targeted training content for their patients.

In-center dialysis

Our research and development activities within in-center dialy-
sis reflect Fresenius Medical Care's corporate strategy. We are
focused on developing products that are sustainable and meet
the requirements of an increasingly digitalized world with a
growing population of patients suffering from chronic kidney
failure. To enable these patients to use the range of treatments
they need, we rely on a differentiated product range.

As part of these strategic considerations, we are also investing
in providing dialysis systems suitable for the Chinese market in
order to meet the local requirements and benefit from
increased growth potential. The 4008A hemodialysis system is
a dialysis machine developed specifically for use in growth
markets and is manufactured at our Chinese plant in Changshu.
For these markets in particular, the digitalization of data
exchange is of great importance. For this reason we continued
to work intensively on developing digitally connected 4008A
dialysis machines and making them available in 2022. This
work was particularly focused on data exchange via quick
response (QR) codes and tablet computers as well as connec-
tion to cloud-based applications.

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved
the 2008-series hemodialysis machines with silicon tubing
which includes platinum catalysts. The platinum catalyst tubing
eliminates detectable non-dioxin-like (NDL) polychlorinated
biphenyl acids (PCBAs) in machines in this series and thus
addresses the concerns raised by the FDA in May 2022.

Other focal points in the development of software for use
within in-center dialysis were the connection of patients, physi-

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

cians and nursing staff, the individualization of patient treat-
ment and the automation of processes in clinics.

Along with digitalization of our range of services, another top
priority of our work in 2022 was to make our products and the
associated therapy processes more sustainable overall and gen-
tler for patients. Our FX CorAL dialyzer, which has been used
successfully in a growing number of markets worldwide since
2021, is aimed at achieving a further reduction in the side
effects of dialysis treatment and thus improving therapy for our
patients. In developing the FX CorAL, the focus was on enhanc-
ing performance while improving patient compatibility, both
important factors in patient-centered dialysis. The FX CorAL
dialyzer is based on the innovative Helixone® hydro membrane,
which forms a hydrolayer on the inner membrane surface.

Critical care

Continuous kidney replacement therapy (CKRT), in which the
blood is purified by means of special solutions and filters, is a
proven and effective treatment option for patients with acute
kidney damage. The natural functions of the kidney are imitated
and continuous monitoring of body fluid balance is enabled.

Along with a wide range of therapies for effective treatment of
acute kidney failure, multiFiltratePRO, a highly innovative plat-
form for CKRT, provides the function of therapeutic plasma
exchange, the combination with sorbents to combat specific
pathogens and the use of blood-gas exchangers for extracor-
poreal carbon dioxide removal to prevent acute lung failure.
The launch of multiFiltratePRO software version 6 in July 2022,
enables CKRT in infants and babies. Consequently, top-quality
critical-care therapy with multiFiltratePRO is available to a new
target group with major treatment potential. The therapy sys-
tem has become more widespread during 2022 and is now
available for global use in 28 languages.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

Outlook
Risks and Opportunities Report

General information

Overview of the Group

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

Another leading CKRT platform, the NxStage System One, is
available in the U.S. Its “speed swap” function, launched in
2022, enables filter replacement during therapy without chang-
ing the treatment set. This new option makes the therapy
system more attractive for day-to-day use by the clinic staff.

The icor technology has been enhanced for our extracorporeal
membrane oxygenation (ECMO) systems, in particular for
Xenios, and has been granted limited market approval. icor is a
pulsatile ECMO therapy, in which blood flow is not constant, but
triggered via electrocardiogram, based on the imitated heart-
beat of the patient. This procedure is designed to ease the pres-
sure on the left ventricle and enable treatment that is much
gentler on the human body.

Digitalization in health care

Digitalization of processes in health care is mainly focused on
connecting patients, physicians and nursing staff and improv-
ing nursing documentation at the point of care. The aim is to
achieve better treatment results and significant reductions in
treatment costs for our patients as well as an improvement in
our own cost base.

Connected patient care will make it possible to coordinate
treatments individually and detect warning signs as well as
causes of kidney disease at an early stage. To this end, using
the world’s largest database for clinical data in the field of
advanced kidney disease, we are developing modules based on
artificial intelligence and machine learning in order to assist
physicians and nursing staff with their duties.

Additionally, Frenova Renal Research, our clinical research arm,
has started signing up patients in the U.S. who are willing to
provide their genetic data for scientific purposes so that
researchers can better understand kidney disease and develop
innovative therapies.

32

Since 2021, patients have been benefiting from a virtual reality
(VR) tool, stayssafe MyTraining VR, to support their patient train-
ing in preparation for continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis
(CAPD). With stayssafe MyTraining VR, patients can perform vir-
tual dialysis treatment to learn about key aspects of the dialysis
process. This innovative training approach earned stayssafe
MyTraining VR a nomination for the final round of the 2022 VR
Award in the “VR Healthcare of the Year” category. The VR train-
ing tool is already available in Germany, France and the Nether-
lands, with other countries around the world set to follow in 2023.

Research in the field of regenerative medicine

We have further expanded our collaboration with the U.S. phar-
maceutical company Humacyte, Inc. (Humacyte), a developer
and manufacturer of universally implantable biotechnologically
produced human tissue. The Humacyte Human Acellular Vessel
(HAV) is a regenerative vascular system used for various vascu-
lar applications, including vascular trauma repair, arteriove-
nous access for hemodialysis, and peripheral arterial disease.
Our investment in Humacyte is currently centered on the most
advanced clinical program, with market launch having occurred
in under two years.

Having received approval for “humanitarian purposes” from
the Ukrainian authorities, Humacyte has successfully started to
deliver its universally implantable HAVs for vascular repair and
vascular grafts to a growing number of Ukrainian hospitals.
Humacyte’s technology provides an urgently required process
of treating traumatic blood vessel injuries in a war zone, thus
saving lives.

Research and development resources
In fiscal year 2022, Fresenius Medical Care spent a total of

around €229 M on research and development (2021: €221 M),
corresponding to around 6% (2021: 6%) of our health care

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

product revenue. At the end of 2022, our patent portfolio com-
prised some 10,086 property rights in approximately 1,599 pat-
ent families, i.e. groups of patents linked to the same invention.
Our research and development work in fiscal year 2022 pro-
duced around 53 additional patent families. Our broad portfolio
of patents shall provide us with a wide range of treatment
options in this highly competitive field in the future.

At December 31, 2022, 1,235 employees (total headcount)
worked for Fresenius Medical Care in research and develop-
ment worldwide (December 31, 2021: 1,236). They come from
various backgrounds: Employees with medical, business and
technical qualifications work alongside software specialists in
interdisciplinary teams. More than 780 employees - the major-
ity of our research and development staff - are based in Europe.
Most research and development activities are carried out at
our facilities in Schweinfurt and Bad Homburg v.d. Hohe
(Germany). Other development sites are in St. Wendel
(Germany), Bucharest (Romania), Palazzo Pignano (Italy) and
Krems (Austria). In the U.S., the Company maintains centers of
excellence for the development of devices in Concord, Califor-
nia, and for dialyzers and other disposable products in Ogden,
Utah. Development activities in Shanghai and Changshu (China)
are focused on the growing demand for cost-effective dialysis
systems in Asia and emerging markets. The Global Research
and Development organization coordinates collaboration and
technology exchange among the various sites. Carrying out
research and development responsibly is an intrinsic element
of our innovative culture. More information is shown in

TABLE 2.12 ON PAGE 33.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

33

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

T212 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

2022 2021 2020
Research and development
expenditures in ! M 229 221 194
Number of patents! 10,086 10,048 11,223
Employees ':7 1,235 1,236 1,262

! As of December 31, for the respective period presented.
> Total headcount.

EMPLOYEES

Fresenius Medical Care owes its business success to the commit-
ment of its employees. At a functional level, our human resources
management is organized globally to ensure a uniform strategic
approach in line with the overarching corporate objectives.

At December 31, 2022, Fresenius Medical Care employed a total
of 128,044 members of staff (total headcount) in 71 countries
worldwide. Our workforce therefore decreased by 2% year-
on-year, or by 2,207 employees in absolute terms. For further
information on the movement in employees see section
Results of operations, financial position and net assets in the
chapter Economic Report .

TABLE 2.13 shows the breakdown of employees by operating
segment as well as by products and services.

Staff costs at Fresenius Medical Care increased to !7,939 M in
2022 (2021: !6,962 M), corresponding to 41% (2021: 40%) of
revenue. Average staff costs per employee (annual average
based on total headcount) amounted to !61,194 (2021: !53,020).

More information about our employees can be found in the
Non-Financial Group Report. For more information on diversity,
see the chapter Corporate Governance in the Annual Report.

1213 EMPLOYEES BY OPERATING SEGMENT
TOTAL HEADCOUNT

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Share in %
NORTH AMERICA SEGMENT 61,973 62,536 (563) 48
Health care services 57,504 57,574
Health care products 4,469 4962
EMEA SEGMENT 21,537 22,222 (685) 17
Health care services 17,855 18,499
Health care products 3,682 3,723
ASIA-PACIFIC SEGMENT 14,043 13,850 193 11
Health care services 11,678 11,492
Health care products 2,365 2,358
LATIN AMERICA SEGMENT 10,951 12,210 (1,259) 9
Health care services 9,758 10,920
Health care products 1,193 1,290
Corporate ! 19,540 19,433 107 15
TOTAL COMPANY 128,044 130,251 (2,207) 100

' Including the divisions Global Manufacturing, Quality and Supply, Global Research and Development as well as Global Medical Office.

QUALITY MANAGEMENT

At Fresenius Medical Care, we have a clear focus: we want to
offer high-quality and reliable products and therapies to ensure
the best possible medical care for our patients and customers.
We operate production facilities worldwide to meet the demand
for our dialysis products and other health care products.

Quality management at our production sites

Over the last several years, Global Manufacturing, Quality and
Supply (GMQS) has introduced a stable infrastructure with effi-
cient processes and systems. All production sites follow the
Lean Manufacturing approach which, in our North America
Segment and nine of twelve plants in our EMEA Segment,
includes the Lean Six Sigma management system. The focus
of Lean Manufacturing and Six Sigma is on the continuous
improvement of manufacturing processes to achieve a low
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

defect rate resulting in improved product quality, while reduc
ing manufacturing times. We have successfully harmonized all
local Quality Management Systems (QMS) in all manufacturing
and development sites of our EMEA Segment, Latin America
Segment and Asia-Pacific Segment under one Consolidated
QMS (CQMS). Every medical device plant within these seg
ments has a local QMS directed by CQMS that is certified either
to ISO 13485:2016 and/or ISO 9001:2015 under Medical Device
Single Audit Program (MDSAP). The QMS of each site is
reviewed through periodic corporate and local management
review and internal audits.

Quality management in our dialysis clinics

Our clinics work in conformance with the generally accepted
quality standards of the industry, particularly the U.S. Kidney
Disease Outcomes Quality Initiative (KDOQI) guidelines, the
European Renal Best Practice standard, and increasingly the
Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO), an indus
try initiative for global clinical practice guidelines. Clinical data
management systems are used to routinely collect certain
medical parameters, which we evaluate in anonymized form in
compliance with these guidelines.

More information about our quality management including
our quality data can be found in the separate Non-Financial
Group Report.

Quality-based reimbursement systems

We participate in quality-based reimbursement models, which
we describe in the section Macroeconomic and sector-specific
environment — Sector-specific environment — Health care and
reimbursement systems vary from country to country in the

chapter Economic Report .

34

SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

Operating on a global scale means having global responsibility.
Fresenius Medical Care is aware of this responsibility.

Over the past years, we have continuously stepped up our sus
tainability activities. We have established a Global Sustainabil
ity Program to further drive the integration of sustainability
into our business.

Acting in a responsible and sustainable manner is a fundamen
tal component of our strategy; it is the basis for our future as a
globally operating company in the health care industry.

Further information can be found in the separate Non-Financial
Group Report starting on PAGE 82 .

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

ECONOMIC REPORT

The dialysis market is a sustainable growth market

with steadily rising demand for products and services

to treat patients with chronic kidney disease.

MACROECONOMIC AND
SECTOR-SPECIFIC ENVIRONMENT

Macroeconomic environment

Dependency on economic cycles
and other macroeconomic factors

Our business is exposed to economic cycles only to a relatively
small extent. This sets us apart from manufacturers of con-
sumer goods, for instance, whose products are subject to more
cyclical demand.

Our business is impacted more by government remuneration
systems and reimbursement rates. Dialysis is a vital medical
service, which is why it is usually paid for by the responsible
health care system.

Overall, the rapid global spread of the COVID-19 pandemic
resulted in a material deterioration of the conditions for the
global economy and greatly reduced economic growth. The
conditions also changed for our business in.

In addition, the war in Ukraine and the inflationary environ-
ment, among other factors, are leading to a currently highly
uncertain macroeconomic environment that is strongly impact-
ing our business development by driving wage and general cost
inflation in all reporting segments. Besides, we continue to face
an unprecedented labor market situation in the U.S., resulting

35

in staff shortages, high turnover rates and meaningfully higher
costs. The impacts of our focused efforts to improve North
American Health Care Services operations are delayed against
the Company s previous assumptions. The challenging macro-
economic inflationary environment persists, resulting in higher
logistics costs as well as raw material and energy prices.

For further information see section Overall business develop-
ment — Highlights in this chapter.

Exchange rate developments

As Fresenius Medical Care has a worldwide presence, the
results of its operations are significantly impacted by exchange
rate developments. Movements in the U.S. dollar and the euro
are especially crucial as we generate a major part of our reve-
nues in the U.S.. The global exchange rate development in fiscal
year 2022 was characterized by a strong deterioration of the
euro against the U.S. dollar. On average over the course of the
year, the euro traded weaker against the U.S. dollar compared
to fiscal year 2021.

In addition, Fresenius Medical Care s operating results are influ-
enced by changes in the exchange rate between the euro and
other local currencies. This is partly due to intra-Group sales
from large production sites in the euro zone to Group compa-
nies with different functional currencies, but also because the
euro is the currency we use for financial reporting. Regarding
intra-Group sales, individual subsidiaries are exposed to fluctu-
ations in the exchange rate between the invoicing currencies
and the currencies in which they conduct their local operations.
Fresenius Medical Care reduces transaction risks, i.e. risks from
foreign currency exposures or exchange rate fluctuations,
through a global network of production facilities, which is
geared toward demand in the Company s dialysis product busi-
ness, as well as through foreign exchange derivatives. As the
production facilities are often based in the markets they serve,

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

costs are incurred in the same currency in which revenue is
generated. The risk of exchange rate fluctuations is relatively
low for health care services because they are provided locally
and are therefore invoiced in the respective currency.

Sector-specific environment

Chronic kidney failure (end-stage kidney disease, ESKD) is a
global disease. The number of patients requiring renal replace-
ment therapy is increasing worldwide: At the end of 2022,
approximately 4.8 M patients (2021: 4.7 M) underwent dialysis
treatment or received a donor organ.
Further information can be found in TABLE 2.14 ON PAGE 36 .
For many years now, the number of donated organs worldwide
has been significantly lower than the number of patients on
transplant waiting lists. Despite extensive efforts by regional
initiatives to increase awareness of kidney donation and the
willingness to donate, the share of patients worldwide receiving
kidney transplantation compared with other treatment meth-
ods has remained relatively unchanged over the past ten years.

The prevalence of chronic kidney failure varies between
regions. There are several reasons for this:

The countries differ demographically, as age structures in
the population vary worldwide.

The prevalence of risk factors for kidney disease, such as
diabetes and high blood pressure, varies widely.

The genetic predisposition for kidney disease also differs
significantly around the world.

Access to dialysis remains restricted in many countries,
meaning that many patients suffering from chronic kidney
failure are not treated and therefore do not appear in preva
lence statistics.

Cultural factors, such as nutrition, play a role.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

T2.14 PATIENTS WITH CHRONIC KIDNEY FAILURE !ESKD"

36

2022 Share in % 2021 Share in %

Patients with chronic kidney failure 4,824,000 100 4,681,000 100
of which patients with transplants 922,000 19 908,000 19
Of which dialysis patients 3,902,000 81 3,773,000 81
In-center hemodialysis 3,437,000 71 3,320,000 71
Peritoneal dialysis 439,000 9 428,000 9
Home hemodialysis 26,000 1 25,000 1

Source: Company information and estimates.

c2.15 IN-CENTER VS. HOME DIALYSIS

12 %
(465,000)

3,902,000

DIALYSIS PATIENTS
WORLDWIDE

88 %
(3,437,000)

HE UN-ceNTER DIALYSIS

HOME DIALYSIS

The number of dialysis patients rose worldwide by around 3%
in 2022 (2021: 2%).

Comparison of dialysis treatment methods

In 2022, most dialysis patients were treated in one of more than

49,000 dialysis centers worldwide (2021: 48,000), with an aver-
age of approximately 80 patients per center (2021: 80). How-
ever, this figure varies considerably from country to country.

Hemodialysis is by far the most common form of therapy for
chronic kidney failure. A total of 88% of dialysis patients were
treated in this way at a dialysis center in 2022 (2021: 88%).
Home hemodialysis is an alternative to treatment at a dialysis
center. A total of 1% of all patients are currently treated in this
way (2021: 1%). In the year under review, 11% of all dialysis
patients were treated with peritoneal dialysis, usually at home
(2021: 11%). As a result, 12% of the dialysis patients were treated
with home dialysis (2021: 12%). In 2022, about 15% (2021: 15%) of
all dialysis patients in the U.S. were treated with home dialysis.

CHART 2.15 shows a comparison of in-center and home dialysis.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

For Acute Renal Failure (ARF), the predominant treatment
method is continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT). Over
50% or 1,000,000 acute patients were treated with this
method in 2022 (2021: 50% or 1,100,000). It is expected, that
by 2030 the number of patients requiring continuous renal
replacement therapy to treat acute renal failure will increase in
the next decade to more than 1,5 million per year. In this field,
Fresenius Medical Care is well positioned with a market share of
approximately 32% (2021: 32%).

Volume of the dialysis market

According to our estimates, the volume of the global dialysis
market decreased to around !82 BN in 2022 (2021: !81 BN). We
expect the following approximate breakdown for this market
volume: around !15 BN (2021: !15 BN) for dialysis products and
approximately !67 BN (2021: !66 BN) for dialysis services
(including dialysis drugs).

Other health care services

Chronic conditions such as diabetes and cardiovascular dis-

eases are becoming increasingly common and are responsible

for approximately two out of three deaths worldwide. In many
countries, a large proportion of health care spending goes

toward treating chronic diseases. To counteract the resultant
increase in cost pressure, more and more health care systems,

such as that in our largest market, the U.S., are starting to pro -
mote coordinated, holistic care rather than reimbursing indi-

vidual services.

Due to the large number of different services offered in the
area of Other Health Care Services, we cannot provide a mean-
ingful estimate of the market volume. We currently offer medi-
cal services in Other Health Care Services primarily in the
North America and Asia-Pacific Segments and have adapted
our services in this area to these markets. The extent to which
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

Economic Report

Subsequent events

we roll out our Other Health Care Services outside the U.S. may
vary in individual countries and regions depending on the
respective reimbursement system and market environment.

Our customers are mostly health insurers
and companies

Fresenius Medical Care s most important customers are state-
owned or public health insurers, private health insurers, and

companies.

Health care and reimbursement systems
vary from country to country

As renal replacement therapy is a life-saving medical service,
patients often do not have to pay for dialysis themselves.
Instead, the costs are borne by the responsible health care sys-
tem. The reimbursement systems for dialysis treatment — in
other words, the structures used by health care systems to reg-
ulate reimbursement for dialysis services — differ from country
to country and sometimes even within countries. The business
activities of dialysis service providers and the reimbursement
of dialysis therapy are affected by various factors including
regional conditions, the treatment method, regulatory issues,
and the type of provider (public or private).

We can only influence the reimbursement of our services to a

limited extent. The environment for reimbursement and the

conditions for prescribing ancillary services significantly influ-
ence our business.

The reimbursement system in the U.S.

In the U.S., our biggest market, many of our patients are insured
by the governmental health authority, the so-called Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid (CMS). CMS determines the reimburse-
ment rates for its beneficiaries (Medicare patients). In fiscal

37

year 2022, around 26% (2021: 27%) of our total revenue was
attributable to reimbursements by CMS.

On October 31, 2022, CMS issued a final rule for the reimburse-
ment rate for chronic kidney failure treatments for calendar
year (CY) 2023. It sets this rate annually as part of its prospec-
tive payment system (PPS), known as the ESRD PPS rate. The
final base rate per treatment for CY 2023 is $265.57, up 3.0%
on the CY 2022 base rate of $257.90. This increase is based on

a market basket increase of 3.1%, partially offset by a multifac-
tor productivity adjustment of 0.1% that is mandated by the
Affordable Care Act (ACA). As of 2023, CMS is raising the wage
index floor from 0.5 to 0.6 as well as establishing a permanent
policy to apply a 5% cap on decreases in the ESRD PPS wage
indexing. CMS is also updating its calculation model to account
for historical trends in spending as well as to better reflect the
introduction of new and innovative products under the transi-
tional add-on payment adjustment for new and innovative
equipment and supplies (TPNIES) and ESRD PPS transitional
drug add-on payment adjustment (TDAPA) policies. CMS esti-
mates that, on average, large dialysis organizations will receive

a 3.0% increase in payments in CY 2023 compared to CY 2022
under this final rule. The Acute Kidney Injury payment rate for
CY 2023 is equal to the CY 2023 ESRD PPS base rate.

Any significant reduction in Medicare reimbursement rates
could have a material adverse effect on our health care ser-
vices business. As demand for dialysis products is affected by
Medicare reimbursement rates, this could have consequences
for the development of our product business. To the extent that
inflation, for example in the form of higher costs for personnel
and disposables, is not fully compensated by an increase in
reimbursement rates, our business and results of operations
may also be adversely affected.

In Marietta Memorial Hospital Employee Health Benefit Plan vs.
DaVita Inc., the Supreme Court ruled against DaVita, Inc. in

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

favor of a self-funded employer-sponsored health plan that pro
vided only out-of-network dialysis reimbursements to individu-
als with ESKD. While the Medicare Secondary Payer statute has
long been interpreted as requiring private plans to provide for a
30-month coordination period for individuals diagnosed with
ESKD (with Medicare serving as the secondary payer), the deci
sion creates the potential that other plans may follow suit in
limiting the dialysis benefits offered. While we do not expect
this to significantly impact our business in 2023, but in the
absence of legislative action, the ruling could have implications
in 2024 and beyond. In July and August 2022, the Restore Pro
tections for Dialysis Patients Act was introduced in both the
House and Senate. If passed, it would restore the Medicare Sec-
ondary Payer Acts original intent requiring the 30-month coor-
dination period be available to individuals diagnosed with ESKD.

More information can be found in the section Results of oper-
ations, financial position and net assets and in the chapter
Report on risks and opportunities .

In the U.S., reimbursement by private insurers and so-called
managed care organizations is higher than reimbursement by
government institutions. At the same time, payments from pri-
vate insurers constitute a substantial portion of our profits,
meaning our business is directly influenced by changes in the
share of reimbursements by private insurers in North America.
In fiscal year 2022, 43% of the Groups health care services
revenue was related to private insurers in the North America
Segment (2021: 40%).

Transitional add-on payments for new drugs and devices
in the U.S.

Under the ESRD PPS drug designation process, CMS provides
payment using a TDAPA for new renal dialysis drugs and bio-
logicals with the exception of drugs that are available only in
oral forms. For drug and biologicals that fit into an existing
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

ESRD PPS functional category, CMS will pay for the drug using
the TDAPA for a transitional period of two years. At the end of
this time, CMS will not update the base rate to reflect the cost
and utilization of the new drug. For new drugs and biologicals
that do not fit into an existing functional category, CMS will pay
for the drug using the TDAPA for a period of at least two years
to allow for sufficient cost and utilization data to be gathered.
After this transitional period has expired, CMS will update the
base rate to reflect the inclusion of the new drug or biological.
In CY 2023, CMS will continue to provide a TDAPA for the drug
difelikefalin (trade name Korsuva ) at the rate of the average
sales price. CMS has indicated that Korsuva will fall into the

existing anti-pruritic functional category.

Quality-based reimbursement

The health care debate in some countries is currently focused
on establishing reimbursement structures based on treatment
quality (pay for performance). This transfers more responsibil-
ity to the medical service provider. The goal of reimbursement
models of this kind is to maintain a high quality of care com-
bined with lower overall costs for the health care system.

The reimbursement system in the U.S. is also an example of a
model based on qualitative criteria. For example, CMS defines
quality standards for dialysis centers as part of its quality
improvement program (QIP). Failure to reach these standards
can lead to a reduction in annual reimbursements of up to 2%.

In the CY 2023 final rule, CMS adopted a special scoring and
payment policy for performance year (PY) 2023 of the ESRD
QIP to address the issues in the scoring system caused by the
impact of the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency on QIP data,
including the use of pre-pandemic data from CY 2019 as the
baseline period for the PY 2023 ESRD QIP and for subsequent
years and confirmed a pause on certain measures for scoring

and payment adjustment purposes.

38

Value-based care programs with private payors

We have entered into value and risk-based care programs with
private payors to provide care to commercial and Medicare
Advantage ESRD and CKD patients. Under these payment
arrangements, our financial performance is based on our abil-
ity to manage a defined scope of medical costs within certain

parameters for clinical outcomes.
New reimbursement models

In 2019, the then U.S. President signed an Executive Order (EO)
on advancing kidney health. Among other things, the EO directs
the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to develop
new Medicare reimbursement models that enable diagnosis and
treatment earlier in the course of kidney disease and support
the expansion of home dialysis as well as promoting kidney
transplants. One of these, the ESRD Treatment Choices (ETC)
model, is mandatory and creates financial incentives for home
dialysis treatments and kidney transplants. Running from Jan-
uary 2021 until June 2027, the ETC model consists of two partial
reimbursement programs: For a period of three years, home dial
ysis treatment claims will receive an upward adjustment. CY
2023 marks the end of the adjustment period and home dialysis
claims will receive an additional 1% upward adjustment. In addi
tion, the model includes a performance-based reimbursement
adjustment that is dependent on home dialysis and kidney trans-
plant waitlist rates for facilities included in the model. The per-
formance-based reimbursement adjustments could be negative
or positive and will increase over the course of the model. Reim-
bursement adjustments in the first payment year were between
—5% and +4% and will increase to between —10% and +8% in the
final year. Performance based payment adjustments started in
July 2022 and run for six and a half years. Participants in the
model are selected at random. At December 31, 2022, a total of
988 U.S. dialysis clinics were involved in the model, approxi
mately 35% of these belong to Fresenius Medical Care.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

The Executive Order also announced voluntary Medicare reim-
bursement models aimed at providing financial incentives for
health care providers in the area of chronic kidney disease and
transplantation. Our applications for the voluntary Compre-
hensive Kidney Care Contracting (CKCC) model were accepted
in June 2020. This model allows health care providers to
assume various amounts of financial risk by forming so-called
Kidney Care Entities (KCE). Of the 29 accepted applications, 28
KCEs have elected to participate in the implementation period,
which started on October 15, 2020 on a no-risk basis. We began
participation in the first performance year of the CKCC model
on January 1, 2022, at which time each participating entity
starts to assume financial risk. Of the 28 KCEs participating in
the implementation period, we moved forward with 20 of the
KCEs during the first Performance Year. Once implemented, the
CKCC model is expected to run through 2026. We are presently
unable to predict the effects on our business of the ETC pay-
ment model and the voluntary payment models.

Changes related to the Affordable Care Act

The delivery of health care services and products is highly re-
gulated in most of the countries in which we operate. Proposals
for legislative reforms in these countries are often introduced
to improve access to care, address quality of care issues and

manage costs of the health care system.

In 2017, the then Trump administration discontinued making
cost-sharing reduction (CSR) reimbursements to insurers in the
USS., arguing that the Congress had failed to appropriate fund-
ing for them. These subsidies reduce deductibles, coinsurance
and co-payments for individuals and families at or below 250%
of the federal poverty level. Under the law insurers are still
mandated to provide lower out-of-pocket costs for low-income
individuals; as a result, ending CSR payments has caused many
insurers to increase premiums in the individual insurance mar-
ket to offset the loss of the federal support.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

On January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an Executive
Order on Strengthening Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act,
which directs the Secretaries of the Departments of Health and
Human Services, Treasury and Labor to review and examine
policies or practices. Further efforts to repeal or revise the
Affordable Care Act may affect the project s future prospects
in ways which we currently cannot quantify or predict.

US. legislative action and ballot initiatives

Further U.S. legislation or regulations may be enacted in the
future through legislative and public referendum processes,
which could substantially modify the amounts paid for services
and products offered by us and our subsidiaries and mandate
new or alternative operating models and payment models. Bal-
lot initiatives that are successfully introduced at the state level
in the U.S. require the vote of state citizens to directly adopt or
reject proposed new legislation. These ballot initiatives require
a material expenditure of resources by us to participate in pub-
lic discourse regarding the proposed new legislation underlying
the initiatives, which if passed, could further regulate multiple
aspects of our operations including, for instance, clinic staffing
requirements, state inspection requirements and profit mar-
gins on commercial business. It is also possible that statutes
may be adopted, or regulations may be promulgated in the
future that impose additional eligibility requirements for par-
ticipation in the federal and state health care programs. Such
new legislation or regulations could have positive or adverse
effects, possibly material, on our businesses and results of
operations.

COVID-19 relief measures

In some countries, we have received COVID-19-related relief
measures, for instance in the U.S., the Coronavirus Aid, Relief,
and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) has been passed to
mitigate certain adverse financial impacts of the COVID-19

39

pandemic, including in the health care sector. Additional fund-
ing under the CARES Act and other COVID-19 relief provides
some financial support to our business in the U.S. This includes
suspension of the 2% Medicare payment sequestration reduc-
tion from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022 (a 1% reduction
became effective from April 1 to June 30, 2022 and the full 2%
sequester resumed on July 1, 2022), and also accelerated and
advance payments of Medicare reimbursement and grants to
cover expenses and mitigate the loss of revenues due to the
COVID-19 pandemic. In 2022, we received U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services funding (Provider Relief Fund
Phase 4) available for health care providers affected by the
COVID-19 pandemic. However, these measures may not fully
offset any lost revenues and increased costs we may incur. For
further information see the consolidated financials within
Results of operations, financial position and net assets and
NOTE 4 H of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Potential changes impacting our private payors in the U.S.

The operation of charitable assistance programs such as that
offered by the American Kidney Fund (AKF) is receiving
increased attention by CMS and state insurance regulators and
legislators. The result may be a regulatory framework that dif-
fers from the current framework or that varies from state to
state. Even in the absence of actions by CMS or state regulators
and legislatures to restrict the access that patients currently
have to premium assistance programs, insurers are likely to
continue efforts to thwart charitable premium assistance by
premium assistance programs to our patients. If successful in a
material area or scope of our U.S. operations, these efforts
would have a material adverse impact on our business and

operating results.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

OVERALL BUSINESS
DEVELOPMENT

Highlights
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic

The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in an increased mortality of
our patients in 2020, 2021 and 2022, but was in line with the
Company s expectations for the full year. Fresenius Medical
Care carefully observes and assesses the development of infec-
tion rates.

To be able to continue caring for our patients with chronic kid-
ney disease and maintain an adequate workforce, we imple-
mented a number of measures, both operational and financial,
to protect our employees and patients through expanded per-
sonal protective equipment protocols and expenses related to
surge capacity for patients suspected or confirmed to have
COVID-19.

Also in 2022, governments in various regions in which we oper-
ate have provided economic assistance programs to address
the consequences of the pandemic on companies and support
healthcare providers and patients.

We experienced a loss of revenue due to the pandemic in cer-
tain parts of our business. Overall, COVID-19 resulted in a nega-
tive impact to net income attributable to shareholders of FMC
AG & Co. KGaA in 2022, primarily driven by excess mortality

rates among our patients.

For more information see the consolidated financials within
Results of operations, financial position and net assets and
NOTE 4 H of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

Impacts Related to the War in Ukraine

The Ukraine War is affecting Fresenius Medical Cares dialysis
operations and patient care in the country itself, but also
caused higher bad debt expenses for Russia and Ukraine and
the impairment of a production plant as well as associated
machines recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022 resulting from
economic sanctions imposed on Russia. The direct adverse
effect of the Ukraine War resulted in a negative impact to net
income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA in
the amount of !47 M in 2022 and is treated as a Special Item.
We will continue to monitor closely the potential effects of the

war as well as inflation.
Hyperinflation in Turkiye

Starting April 1, 2022, we apply IAS 29, Financial Reporting in
Hyperinflationary Economies, in our Turkish subsidiaries due to
inflation in this country. The Hyperinflation in Turkiye resulted
in a negative impact to net income attributable to shareholders

of FMC AG & Co. KGaA in the amount of around !5 M in 2022

and is treated as a Special Item.

Staff shortages and high turnover
in dialysis clinics in the U.S.

We continue to face an unprecedented labor market situation
in the U.S., resulting in staff shortages, high turnover rates
and meaningfully higher costs. This has impacted growth in
U.S. Dialysis Services as well as in downstream assets and
consequently affected operational leverage in both. Earnings
effects were partially mitigated by income attributable to a
consent agreement on certain pharmaceuticals in the third
quarter of 2022.

40

Inflation and higher energy prices as well as
logistic and raw material costs

The challenging macroeconomic inflationary environment
persists, resulting in higher logistics costs as well as raw mate-
rial costs and energy prices. Due to this situation not easing, it
is assumed to further significantly impact the earnings devel-
opment, in particular in Health Care Products, for 2023. For
further information see chapter Outlook .

InterWell Health business combination

On August 24, 2022, we announced that we closed the Inter-

Well Health business combination. We created the premier
value-based kidney care provider in the U.S. by completing the
business combination including InterWell Health, Fresenius

Health Partners and Cricket Health. Hereby, we aim to signifi -

cantly improve the care of patients with chronic kidney dis-
ease and further expand our leading position in value-based
care. The Net Gain Related to InterWell Health resulted in a
positive impact to net income attributable to shareholders of
FMC AG & Co. KGaA in the amount of !37 M in 2022, and is
treated as a Special Item. For further information,
of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and sec-
tion Opportunities management in the chapter Risk and
opportunities report .

FME25 Program

Since January 1, 2023, the Company conducts its business in
two global operating segments, Care Enablement and Care
Delivery, and will begin reporting under the new model in the
first quarter of 2023. Prior to January 1, 2023, discrete finan-
cial information was not provided to the chief operating deci-
sion maker on the basis of the new structure and the necessary
system and reporting changes to effect the new structure were

SEE NOTE 3

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

not in place. For further information SEE NOTE 27 of the notes

to the consolidated financial statements.

Overall, the costs related to the FME25 Program resulted in a
negative impact to net income attributable to shareholders of
FMC AG & Co. KGaA in the amount of !149 M in 2022 and are
treated as Special Item.

We expect that every Euro invested in the FME25 Program will
sustainably reduce annual costs and improve the operating
result by the same amount by 2025. The Company is well on
track with its FME25 Program. We exceeded the program s 2022
target of savings to contribute !40 M to !70M to operating
income with savings of !131 M. Fresenius Medical Care is also
working on measures that further support margin improvement.

Humacyte Investment Remeasurement

The Humacyte Investment Remeasurement resulted in a nega-
tive impact to net income attributable to shareholders of FMC
AG & Co. KGaA in the amount of !76 M in 2022 and is treated as

a Special Item.
Financing

On February 14, 2022, we issued !25 M and !200 M tranches of
Schuldschein loans with maturities of 5 and 7 years, respec-
tively, at variable interest rates. The proceeds were used for
general corporate purposes including refinancing of existing
liabilities.

On June 8, 2022, we amended the Syndicated Credit Facility to
extend the term by one year and replace LIBOR with the Term
Secured Overnight Financing Rate.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

On September 20, 2022, we issued bonds with an aggregate
principal amount of !750 M under the European Medium-Term
Notes Program with a maturity of 5 years and a coupon rate
of 3.875%. The proceeds have been used for general corpo
rate purposes, including the refinancing of outstanding in-
debtedness.

Changes in Management Board

Helen Giza, so far member of the Management Board and
responsible for finance, was appointed Chief Executive Officer
of Fresenius Medical Care, effective December 6, 2022. She had
entered a new five-year contract and had assumed the position

of Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Fresenius Medical Care
before, in addition to her position as Chief Financial Officer.
Therefore, Helen Giza replaced Dr. Carla Kriwet, who previously
succeeded Rice Powell as chair of the Management Board,
effective October 1, 2022. Mr. Powell stepped down from his
position on September 30, 2022, after 10 years of heading the
Company, continued as a member of the Management Board
until December 31, 2022 and subsequently retired. Helen Giza is
also a member of the management board of Fresenius Manage-
ment SE. She will continue to serve as Chief Financial Officer

until a successor is appointed for this position.

Additionally, Michael Sen became the Chief Executive Officer of
Fresenius SE and chair of the supervisory board of the General
Partner as of October 1, 2022, succeeding Stephan Sturm in
both positions. Sara Hennicken became the Chief Financial
Officer of Fresenius SE and a member of the supervisory board
of the General Partner as of September 1, 2022, succeeding
Ms. Rachel Empey in both positions.

4]

Comparison of actual business results with the outlook

Our business environment in 2022 was impacted by a challenging
macroeconomic environment, staff shortages, inflationary cost
increases and supply chain constraints. Thus it has developed
partly different as expected. The COVID-19 pandemic continued
to impact our business development in 2022. The COVID-19-
related excess mortality was in line with our expectations.

The unprecedented U.S. labor market challenges materially wors
ened in the second quarter of 2022. This resulted in meaningfully
higher than assumed wage inflation, surcharges, retention pay
ments and additional costs for contract labor to contain the
increasing staff shortages. Despite these additional investments
in labor, including application of monies received from the U.S.
government s Provider Relief Fund, staff shortages and turnover
rates have continued to increase. Our growth was affected by the
number of clinics with constrained ability to accept new patients
for treatment. The already existing challenging macroeconomic
environment has further significantly deteriorated and non-wage
cost inflation accelerated. This has been exacerbated by the
ongoing war in Ukraine and its global economic impact, resulting
in higher logistics costs, raw material and energy prices as well as
further supply chain disruptions. As a consequence, we cut our
financial targets for the fiscal year in the second quarter of 2022.
In addition, we withdrawed the 2025 targets.

In the third quarter of 2022 the business development continued
to be strongly impacted by a highly uncertain inflationary macro
economic environment, driving wage and general cost inflation
in all operating segments. The impacts of efforts to improve the
North American health care services operations were delayed
against our previous assumptions. As a matter of caution, we cut

further our earnings guidance in the third quarter of 2022.

Our outlook, as adjusted in the course of the fiscal year 2022,
was met.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

Our 2022 outlook was based on the outlined assumptions in
chapter Outlook in the interim management report of the
interim consolidated financial statements at June 30, 2022 and
September 30, 2022 as well as in the Group Management
Report of the Annual Report 2021 and excluded Special Items.
Special Items include further costs related to the FME25 Pro-
gram, the Net Gain Related to InterWell Health, the Humacyte
Investment Remeasurement in the North America Segment,
the Hyperinflation in Turkiye and the Impacts Related to the
War in Ukraine and other effects that are unusual in nature and
have not been foreseeable or not foreseeable in size or impact

at the time of giving guidance. We have adjusted the actual
results for 2022 accordingly to make them comparable with the
outlook. The Special Item FME25 Program mainly affects the
North America Segment, the EMEA Segment and Corporate.
The costs related to the FME25 Program mainly include sever-
ance payments and related personnel expense, the impairment
of fixed, intangible and right-of-use assets and consulting
expenses. The Net Gain Related to InterWell Health includes the
remeasurement gain of our investment, prior to the trans-
action, in InterWell Health LLC, the impairment of certain long-
lived assets belonging to Acumen Physician Solutions, LLC
which was transferred to InterWell Health as part of the trans-
action and certain transaction-related costs. The Impacts
Related to the War in Ukraine include bad debt expense in
Russia and Ukraine and the impairment of a production plant
and associated machines resulting from economic sanctions
imposed on Russia, which negatively impacted our supply chain

to the country.

The growth rates were based on the results in 2021 excluding
the costs related to the FME25 Program.

A reconciliation of the results for 2022 and 2021 to the respec-
tive results for 2022 and 2021 excluding Special Items can be
found at the end of this section. The outlook for fiscal year
2022 was based on Constant Currency.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

We expected revenue growth at a low-to-mid-single-digit per-
centage rate at Constant Currency at the beginning of the year.

In the second quarter of 2022 we have adjusted the growth
forecast for revenue at Constant Currency to the low end of the
previously guided target range. We generated revenue of
!18.0 BN in 2022 at Constant Currency (2021: !17.6 BN), result-
ing in an increase of 2%, which is within the range of our expec-
tations. We therefore met our revised outlook.

The Latin America Segment, the EMEA Segment and the
Asia-Pacific Segment in particular contributed to the expan-
sion of our business. Further details on the development of rev-
enue can be found in the section Results of operation, finan-

cial position and net assets .

We expected operating income excluding Special Items to
increase at a low-to-mid-single-digit percentage rate at Con-
stant Currency for the fiscal year 2022. In the second quarter

of 2022 we have cut this forecast to a decline at around a mid-
teens percentage rate and in the third quarter of 2022 to a
decline at a mid-teens to high-teens percentage rate. Operating
income excluding Special Items in 2022 was !1.7 BN at Con-
stant Currency (2021: !1.9 BN), a decrease of 13%. This is
slightly better than our adjusted outlook.

At the beginning of the year, we set a target range for net
income growth excluding Special Items at a low-to-mid-single-
digit percentage rate at Constant Currency. We have cut this
target in the second quarter of 2022 to a decline at around a
high-teens percentage rate and in the third quarter of 2022 to

a decline at a high-teens to mid-twenties percentage rate. Net
income excluding Special Items for the fiscal year 2022
decreased to !0.8 BN at Constant Currency (2021: !1.0 BN).
This 17% decrease at Constant Currency is at the lower end of

the range of our adjusted expectations.

42

ROIC excluding Special Items was at 3.9%. This was in line with
our expectation, which was lowered in the third quarter of 2022

to around 4.0%. The initially planned value of at least 5.0%
was lowered in the second quarter of 2022 to at least 4.0%.

TABLE 2.16 shows the actual results and our outlook for the
fiscal year 2022.

TABLE 2.17 ON PAGE 43 provides a reconciliation of the results
for 2022 and 2021 to the respective results for 2022 and 2021
excluding Special Items as well as a reconciliation of the

currency translation effects on the results for 2022 at Constant
Currency.

T2.16 RESULTS AND OUTLOOK FOR 2022
IN !M, EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE SPECI FIED

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

In 2022, ROIC or ROIC excluding Special Items were 3.3% and
3.9%, respectively. In the calculation of adjusted ROIC, the
average invested capital was adjusted by !153 M and the NOPAT
by !207 M.

In 2021, ROIC was 4.9%, or ROIC excluding the costs related to
the FME25 Program was 5.1%, respectively. In the calculation of
adjusted ROIC, the average invested capital was adjusted by
!7 M and the NOPAT by !46 M. See the reconciliation to the
calculation of ROIC in the section Performance management
system — Return on invested capital (Non-IFRS Measure) in the

chapter Overview of the Group .

Results Results
2022 2022 Revised Outlook 2022 Outlook 2022 (as reported)
As reported Excl. Special Items (at Constant Currency, except for ROIC) 12,3

growth: low-single-digit growth: low-to-mid-single-digit

Revenue 19,398 17,985 percentage rate percentage rate

Revenue growth growth: low-single-digit growth: low-to-mid-single-digit

at Constant Currency in % 2 2 percentage rate percentage rate

decline: mid-teens to high-teens growth: low-to-mid-single-digit

Operating income 1,512 1,673 percentage rate percentage rate

decline: high-teens to mid-twenties growth: low-to-mid-single-digit

Net income * 673 842 percentage rate percentage rate

Net income growth decline: high-teens to mid-twenties growth: low-to-mid-single-digit

at Constant Currency in% +4 (37) (17) percentage rate percentage rate
ROIC in % 3.3 3.9 around 4.0% ! 5.0%

' The outlook for 2022 was adjusted in the second and third quarter of 2022 and therefore it was based on the outlined assumptions in chapter Outlook in the interim management report of the

interim consolidated financial statements at 30. June 2022 and September 30, 2022 as well as in the Group Management Report of the Annual Report 2021 and excluded Special Items. Special Items
include further costs related to the FME25 Program, the Net Gain Related to InterWell Health, the Humacyte Investment Remeasurement, the Hyperinflation in Turkiye and the Impacts Related to
the War in Ukraine and other effects that are unusual in nature and have not been foreseeable or not foreseeable in size or impact at the time of giving guidance. The growth rates were based on

the results in 2021 excluding the costs related to the FME25 Program.

2 ‘The results for 2022 have been adjusted for Special Items in order to make business performance comparable with the outlook for 2022. A reconciliation of the results for 2022 and 2021 to the
results for 2022 and 2021 excluding Special Items as a basis for the 2022 targets can be found in the following table.
3 For further information on Constant Currency, see the chapter Overview of the Group section Performance management system .

4 Net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

43

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

T2.17 OPERATING PERFORMANCE EXCLUDING SPECIAL ITEMS

IN!M
Special Items
Results 2022
excl.
Net Gain Humacyte Results 2022 Currency Special Items at
Related to Investment Hyper-inflation excl. translation Constant
Results 2022 FME25 Program InterWell Health Remeasurement Ukraine War in Turkiye Special Items effects Currency
Revenue 19,398 19,398 (1,413) 17,985
Operating income 1,512 204 (56) 103 49 5 1,817 (144) 1,673
Net income ! 673 149 (37) 16 47 5 913 (71) 842
Results 2021
Results 2021 FME25 Program excl. Special Items
Revenue 17,619 17,619
Operating income 1,852 63 1,915
Net income ! 969 49 1,018

' Net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA.

2 For further information on Constant Currency, see the chapter Overview of the Group section Performance management system .

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS,
FINANCIAL POSITION AND
NET ASSETS

The following sections summarize our results of operations,
financial position and net assets as well as key performance
indicators by reporting segment, as well as Corporate, for the
periods indicated. We prepared the information consistent with
the manner in which management internally disaggregates
financial information to assist in making operating decisions

and evaluating management performance.

We have seen unprecedented challenges in the labor market, in
particular in the U.S., resulting in staff shortages, high turnover

rates and meaningfully higher costs, including higher costs due
to an increased reliance on contracted labor. These challenges
continue to impact our growth, specifically in U.S. health care
services where labor constraints have affected our ability to
increase treatment volumes. These impacts, combined with the
current uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment,
driving inflationary cost increases and supply chain constraints,
have had a materially adverse effect on our results of opera-
tions during 2022. The accumulation of excess mortality due to
COVID-19, macroeconomic inflationary pressure and labor
stabilization issues are expected to continue into 2023 and
their negative effects will be exacerbated by the cessation of
government funding related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The
labor market, in particular in the U.S., continues to present a
challenge to our operations, both in relation to the availability

and costs of personnel. We expect our products business to
continue to be impacted by the aforementioned supply chain
and increased material cost challenges in 2023. Opportunities
to include cost inflation in our pricing are currently limited in
the short-term due to a large share of our contracts containing
fixed prices. Additionally, we intend to accelerate and extend our
FME25 Program to further optimize processes along our new
operating segments, in place as of January 1, 2023. We have
increased the savings target for the FME25 Program from
!500 M to !650 M by 2025 and we now expect to invest up to
!650 M in the same period.
GROUP MANAGEMENT

General information
Overview of the Group
Economic Report

Subsequent events

Results of operations

REPORT

Outlook
Risks and Opportunities Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

T 2.18
IN!M

SEGMENT DATA !INCLUDING CORPORATE"

44

Revenue and operating income generated in countries outside
the eurozone are subject to currency fluctuations. The table
below summarizes the development of the euro against the
U.S. dollar, as well as the revenue and the operating income
generated in U.S. dollars, as a percentage of the consolidated

2022 2021
results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
Total revenue
North America Segment 13,550 12,088 T2.19 CURRENCY DEVELOPMENT AND PORTION
EMEA Segment 2,851 2.765 OF TOTAL REVENUE AND OPERATING INCOME
Asia-Pacific Segment 2,152 2,010
Latin America Segment 797 703 2022 2021
Corporate 48 53 Currency development positive negative
of euro against the U.S. dollar impact impact
TOTAL 19,398 17,619
Percentage of revenue generated
in U.S. dollars 70 69
Operating income
Percentage of operating income
North America Segment 1,476 1,644 generated in U.S. dollars 98 89
EMEA Segment 256 309
Asia-Pacific Segment 340 350
Latin America Segment Zs 2 Consolidated financial statements
Corporate (584) (463)
TOTAL 1,512 1,852 An overview of the performance indicators for the consolidated
financial statements you will findin = TABLE 2.20 ON PAGE 45.
Interest income 68 73
Interest expense (360) (353) Health care services revenue increased by 11% as compared to
Income tax expense (325) (353) the year ended December 31, 2021 (+2% at Constant Exchange
NET INCOME 805 1,219 Rates), driven by a positive impact from foreign currency trans-
lation (+9%), an increase in organic growth (+1%), despite
NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE impacts from excess mortality rates among patients due to
TO NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS (222) (250) COVID-19 in certain of our operating segments which are fur-
ther described in the discussions of our segments below, and
NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE contributions from acquisitions (+1%). For additional informa-
TO SHAREHOLDERS ; .
OF FMC AG & CO. KGAA 673 969 tion regarding COVID-19 Related Impacts, © SEE NOTE4H of the

notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Dialysis treatments decreased by 1% as a result of negative
Same Market Treatment Growth (—1%) and the effect of closed

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

or sold clinics (—1%), partially offset by contributions from
acquisitions (+ 1%). Excess mortality rates among our patients
due to COVID-19 contributed significantly to the decreases in
treatments and Same Market Treatment Growth.

At December 31, 2022, we owned or operated 4,116 dialysis clin-
ics compared to 4,171 dialysis clinics at December 31, 2021.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired 11 dialy-
sis clinics, opened 41 dialysis clinics and combined or closed 107
clinics. The number of patients treated in dialysis clinics that
we own or operate decreased slightly to 344,687 as of Decem-
ber 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: 345,425). Excess mortality
rates among patients due to COVID-19 also significantly
impacted the number of patients we treated.

Health care product revenue increased by 6% (+2% at Con-
stant Exchange Rates), driven by a positive impact from foreign
currency translation as well as higher sales of in-center dispos-
ables and renal pharmaceuticals, partially offset by lower sales
of machines for chronic treatment (including the effect of a
temporary pause in shipping of new dialysis machines in the
U.S.) and acute cardiopulmonary products.

Gross profit increased by 5% (— 3% at Constant Exchange Rates),
primarily driven by a positive impact from foreign currency trans -
lation effects (North America Segment, Latin America Segment

and Asia-Pacific Segment), government relief funding available

for health care providers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic,
which offset certain eligible costs, (North America Segment),
higher average reimbursement rates (North America Segment,

EMEA Segment and Latin America Segment), increased treat -
ment volumes (including growth from acquisitions) as normal -
ized for COVID-19 (mainly in the North America Segment and the
Asia-Pacific Segment), a favorable impact from foreign currency
transaction effects (mainly in the Asia-Pacific Segment and the
EMEA Segment), net savings related to the FME25 Program
(North America Segment, Corporate and Asia-Pacific Segment)
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

45

T 2.20

PERFORMANCE INDICATORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Change in %

Currency
2022 2021 As reported translation effects Constant Currency! !

Revenue in ! M 19,398 17,619 10 8 2

Health care services 15,418 13,876 11 9 2

Health care products 3,980 3,743 6 4 2
Number of dialysis treatments 52,310,131 52,871,887 (1)
Same Market Treatment Growth ” (1.4) (1.9)
Gross profit in ! M 5,310 5,077 5 8 (3)
Gross profit as a % of revenue 274 28.8
Selling, general and administrative costs in ! M 3,784 3,096 22 8 14
Selling, general and administrative costs as a % of revenue 19.5 17.6
Operating income in ! M 1,512 1,852 (18) 7 (25)
Operating income margin 718 10.5
Net income attributable to shareholders
of FMC AG & Co. KGaA in! M 673 969 (31) 6 (37)
Basic earnings per share in ! 2.30 3.31 (1) 6 (37)

' For further information on Constant Currency, see the chapter Overview of the Group section Performance management system .
2 Same market treatment growth represents growth, in percent, in treatments, adjusted for certain reconciling items including (but not limited to) treatments from acquisitions, closed or sold clinics

and differences in dialysis days (Same Market Treatment Growth).

and a positive impact from a partial reversal of an accrual related
to a revenue recognition adjustment for accounts receivable in
legal dispute (North America Segment), partially offset by higher
personnel expense and inflationary and supply chain cost
increases across all regions as well as an unfavorable impact
from excess mortality rates among our patients due to COVID-19
(mainly in the North America Segment) and higher implicit price
concessions (North America Segment).

Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expense increased by
22% (+ 14% at Constant Exchange Rates), primarily driven by a
negative impact from foreign currency translation (North Amer -
ica Segment, Corporate and the Asia-Pacific Segment), costs

related to the InterWell Health business combination in the

North America Segment (InterWell Health Costs) ( SEE NOTE 3 of
the notes to the consolidated financial statements), costs associ-

ated with the FME25 Program, net of savings, (mainly in Corpo-

rate, the EMEA Segment and the North America Segment), an
unfavorable impact from the remeasurement of investments
(primarily driven by the Humacyte Investment Remeasurement

in the North America Segment), higher expense related to legal
provisions (mainly in the North America Segment and Corpo -
rate), and inflationary and supply chain cost increases as well as

higher personnel expense across all regions, partially offset by
increased income attributable to a consent agreement on cer -
tain pharmaceuticals in the North America Segment.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

Research and development expenses increased by 4% to
1229. M from !221 M. The increase was largely driven by higher
amortization of capitalized development costs, research and
development activities at NxStage and a negative impact from
foreign currency translation, partially offset by lower costs for
in-center and critical care program development.

Income from equity method investees decreased by 28% to
!67 M from !92 M. The decrease was primarily driven by lower
earnings from Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma Ltd.
(VFMCRP).

We recorded a remeasurement gain of our prior at-equity invest -
ment in InterWell Health LLC in the amount of !148 M (December
31, 2021: !0). For further information regarding the InterWell
Health business combination, see section Overall business devel -
opment — Highlights in this chapter and Performance manage -
ment system — Net leverage ratio (Non-IFRS Measure) in the
chapter Overview of the Group , as well as NOTE 3 of the notes to
the consolidated financial statements included in this report.

Operating income decreased by 18% (— 25% at Constant Exchange
Rates), largely driven by the combined effects of the items dis -
cussed within gross profit, SG&A expense and the InterWell Health
remeasurement gain as well as a positive impact from foreign cur -
rency translation. As noted above, we have seen unprecedented
challenges in the labor market, in particular in the U.S., which con -
tinue to impact growth and, when combined with the current
uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, have had a mate -
rially adverse effect on our results of operations in 2022.

Net interest expense increased by 4% to !292 M from !280 M,
primarily due to a negative impact from foreign currency trans-
lation and unfavorable effects from foreign currency swaps,
partially offset by refinancing activities (including the issuance
of bonds in prior periods at lower interest rates and the repay-
ment of term loans).
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

Income tax expense decreased by 8% to !325 M from !353 M.
The effective tax rate increased to 26.7% from 22.4% for the
same period of 2021 largely driven by an increase in the propor-
tionate share of non-deductible expenses as compared to
taxable income and higher tax provisions related to tax law
changes. Non-tax deductible expenses also increased due to
impairment loss (including Impacts Related to the War in
Ukraine) and the InterWell Health business combination.

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased
by 12% to !222 M from !250 M due to lower earnings in enti-
ties in which we have less than 100% ownership, a favorable
prior year effect from amounts received in 2021 under the U.S.
HHS Provider Relief Fund Phase 4 relief funding and a negative
impact from foreign currency translation.

Net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA
decreased by 31% (— 37% at Constant Exchange Rates) as a result
of the combined effects of the items discussed above, partially
offset by a positive impact from foreign currency translation.

Basic earnings per share decreased by 31% (—37% at Constant
Exchange Rates), primarily due to the decrease in net income
attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA described
above. The average weighted number of shares outstanding for
the period increased to 293.2 M in 2022 (2021: 292.9 M) due to
the exercise of stock options.

We employed 128,044 people (total headcount) as of December
31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: 130,251). This 2% decrease was
largely due to a prior year increase in production staff due to
COVID-19, challenges faced in certain regional labor markets
and a reduction in clinical staff as a result of a decrease in

patients in certain regions.

The following discussions pertain to our operating and reportable

segments and the measures we use to manage these segments.

46

North America Segment

An overview of the performance indicators for the North
America segment can be found in TABLE 2.21.
Revenue

Health care services revenue increased by 13% (remained rel-
atively stable at Constant Exchange Rates), driven by a posi-
tive impact from foreign currency translation (+ 13%) and con-
tributions from acquisitions (+1%), partially offset by a
decrease in organic growth (— 1%) resulting from the effects of
excess mortality rates among patients due to COVID-19.

Dialysis treatments decreased by 2% largely due to negative

Same Market Treatment Growth (— 2%). As of December 31, 2022,
208,310 patients, a slight decrease from the prior year (Decem -
ber 31, 2021: 209,291) were treated in the 2,683 dialysis clinics
(December 31, 2021: 2,695) that we own or operate in the North
America Segment. Excess mortality rates among patients due to
COVID-19 contributed significantly to the decreases in treat -
ments, Same Market Treatment Growth and patients we treated.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

Health care product revenue increased by 8% (—4% at Con-
stant Exchange Rates), driven by a positive impact from for-
eign currency translation, partially offset by lower sales of
machines for chronic treatment (including the effect of a tem-
porary pause in shipping of new dialysis machines in the U.S.),
products for acute care treatments, in-center disposables and
peritoneal dialysis products.

Operating income

Operating income decreased by 10% (—20% at Constant
Exchange Rates), primarily related to higher personnel expense,
inflationary and supply chain cost increases, and an unfavor-
able impact from excess mortality rates among our patients
due to COVID-19, partially offset by government relief funding
available for health care providers affected by the COVID-19
pandemic, which offset certain eligible costs, a positive impact
from foreign currency translation and the Net Gain Related to
InterWell Health. As noted above, we have seen unprecedented
challenges in the labor market, in particular in the U.S., which
continue to impact growth and, when combined with the cur-
rent uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, have had

a materially adverse effect on our results of operations in 2022.

T2.21 PERFORMANCE INDICATORS FOR THE NORTH AMERICA SEGMENT

Change in %

Currency
2022 2021 As reported translation effects Constant Currency"!
Revenue in ! M 13,550 12,088 12 12 0
Health care services 12,400 11,020 13 13 0
Health care products 1,150 1,068 8 12 (4)
Number of dialysis treatments 31,788,799 32,334,280 (2)
Same Market Treatment Growth (2.3) (2.5)
Operating income in ! M 1,476 1,644 (10) 10 (20)
Operating income margin 10.9 13.6

! For further information on Constant Currency, see the chapter Overview of the Group section Performance management system .
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

EMEA Segment

An overview of the performance indicators for the EMEA seg-
ment can be foundin TABLE 2.22 .
Revenue

Health care services revenue increased by 6% (+6% at Con-
stant Exchange Rates), driven by an increase in organic growth,
including the effects of hyperinflation, (+6%) and contribu-
tions from acquisitions (+ 1%), partially offset by the effect of
closed or sold clinics (— 1%).

Dialysis treatments increased by 1% mainly due to contribu-
tions from acquisitions in the region (+ 1%). As of December 31,
2022, 66,063 patients, an increase of 1% (December 31, 2021:
65,599), were treated at the 795 dialysis clinics (December 31,
2021: 821) that we own or operate in the EMEA Segment.

Health care product revenue increased by 1% (+3% at Con-
stant Exchange Rates), primarily due to higher sales of in-cen-
ter disposables, renal pharmaceuticals and peritoneal dialysis
products (each of which includes the effects of hyperinflation),
partially offset by a negative impact from foreign currency
translation as well as lower sales of acute cardiopulmonary
products and machines for chronic treatment (including the
effects of hyperinflation).

Operating income

Operating income decreased by 17% (—16% at Constant
Exchange Rates), mainly due to inflationary cost increases
(including the effects of hyperinflation) which were mitigated
by reimbursement rate increases, and Impacts Related to the
War in Ukraine, partially offset by favorable foreign currency
transaction effects.

47

Asia-Pacific Segment

An overview of the performance indicators for the Asia-Pacific
segment can be foundin TABLE 2.23.
Revenue

Health care services revenue increased by 4% (+4% at Con-
stant Exchange Rates), driven by an increase in organic growth
(+3%) and contributions from acquisitions (+ 1%).

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

Dialysis treatments increased by 2% mainly due to Same Mar-
ket Treatment Growth (+2%) and contributions from acqui-
sitions in the region (+1%), partially offset by the effect of
closed or sold clinics (—1%). As of December 31, 2022, 34,001
patients, an increase of 1% (December 31, 2021: 33,760) were
treated at the 395 dialysis clinics (December 31, 2021: 405)
that we own or operate in the Asia-Pacific Segment.

Health care product revenue increased by 10% (+4% at Con-
stant Exchange Rates), mainly due to a positive impact from

T 2.22

PERFORMANCE INDICATORS FOR THE EMEA SEGMENT

Change in %

Currency
2022 2021 As reported translation effects Constant Currency"!

Revenue in ! M 2,851 2,765 3 (2) 5

Health care services 1,456 1,379 6 0 6

Health care products 1,395 1,386 1 (2) 3
Number of dialysis treatments 9,941,735 9,885,319 1
Same Market Treatment Growth 0.2 (3.2)
Operating income in ! M 256 309 (17) (dd) (16)
Operating income margin 9.0 11.2

! For further information on Constant Currency, see the chapter Overview of the Group section Performance management system .

T 2.23

PERFORMANCE INDICATORS FOR THE ASIA-PACIFIC SEGMENT

Change in %

Currency
2022 2021 As reported translation effects Constant Currency"!

Revenue in ! M 2,152 2,010 7 3 4

Health care services 981 942 4 0

Health care products 1,171 1,068 10 6
Number of dialysis treatments 4,844,563 4,766,472 2
Same Market Treatment Growth 2.3 48
Operating income in ! M 340 350 (3) 0 (3)
Operating income margin 15.8 174

! For further information on Constant Currency, see the chapter Overview of the Group section Performance management system .
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

foreign currency translation as well as higher sales of in-center
disposables, products for acute care treatments and acute
cardiopulmonary products.

Operating income

Operating income decreased by 3% (—3% at Constant Exchange
Rates), primarily due to inflationary cost increases, costs
related to a legal dispute and higher bad debt expense, partially
offset by favorable foreign currency transaction effects and
business growth in certain business lines.

Latin America Segment

An overview of the performance indicators for the Latin
America segment can be found in TABLE 2.24 .
Revenue

Health care services revenue increased by 11% (+31% at Con-
stant Exchange Rates), driven by an increase in organic growth,
including hyperinflationary effects, (+32%), partially offset by
a negative impact from foreign currency translation (—20%)
and the effect of closed or sold clinics (—1%).

Dialysis treatments decreased by 3% mainly due to the effect

of closed or sold clinics (—2%) and negative Same Market Treat-
ment Growth (—1%). As of December 31, 2022, 36,313 patients,
a decrease of 1% (December 31, 2021: 36,775) were treated at
the 243 dialysis clinics (December 31, 2021: 250) that we own or
operate in the Latin America Segment.

14% at Con -

stant Exchange Rates), primarily due to higher sales of machines

Health care product revenue increased by 20% (+

for chronic treatment (including the effects of hyperinflation), a
positive impact from foreign currency translation and higher sales
of in-center disposables (including the effects of hyperinflation).

48

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

T 2.24 PERFORMANCE INDICATORS FOR THE LATIN AMERICA SEGMENT
Change in %
Currency
2022 2021 As reported translation effects Constant Currency"!
Revenue in ! M 797 703 13 (13) 26
Health care services 553 499 11 (20) 31
Health care products 244 204 20 6 14
Number of dialysis treatments 5,735,034 5,885,816 (3)
Same Market Treatment Growth (1.4) (1.1)
Operating income in ! M 24 12 99 48 51
Operating income margin 3.0 17

! For further information on Constant Currency, see the chapter Overview of the Group section Performance management system .

Operating income

Operating income increased by 99% (+51% at Constant
Exchange Rates), primarily due to a positive impact from for-
eign currency translation, lower bad debt expense and reim-
bursement rate increases, which mitigated inflationary cost
increases in the region, partially offset by unfavorable foreign
currency transaction effects.

Financial position

Our investment and financing strategy did not change substan-
tially in the past fiscal year as our business model, which is based
on stable and high cash flows, allows for a reasonable proportion
of debt. We regard our refinancing options as being very stable

and flexible. During the past fiscal year, the focus of our invest -

ing activities was on our health care services business.
Financing strategy
Our financing strategy aims at ensuring financial flexibility,

managing financial risks and optimizing our financing cost. We
ensure our financial flexibility through maintaining sufficient

liquidity. Our refinancing risks are limited due to our balanced
maturity profile, which is characterized by a wide range of
maturities of up to 2031. Corporate bonds in euro and U.S. dol-
lar form the basis of our mid- and long-term financing instru-
ments. Corporate bonds in euro are issued under our !10 BN
debt issuance program. For short-term financing we use our
!1.5 BN commercial paper program, Accounts Receivable Facil-
ity in U.S. dollar and bilateral credit lines. The !2 BN Syndicated
Credit Facility, signed in July 2021, serves as a backup facility
and was undrawn at December 31, 2022.

CHART 2.25 ON PAGE 49 _ summarizes our main financing debt
mix as of December 31, 2022.

In our long-term capital management, we focus primarily on
the net leverage ratio, a non-IFRS measure (see section
Performance management system in the chapter Overview

of the Group ). Our self-set target for the net leverage ratio is
3.0 — 3.5x, which management considers appropriate for the
Company. TABLE 2.26 ON PAGE 49
net debt and adjusted EBITDA and the calculation of the net
leverage ratio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

shows the reconciliation of

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

c2.25 FINANCING MIX

IN! M
!
351% oe
(4,679 )

TOTAL DEBT AND LEASE
LIABILITIES AT DECEMBER 31, 2022]

13,213

56!%
(7,389 )

31%
(331)

1%
(495) 1!%
(94)

Il scHULDSCHEIN LOANS
I sonps

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE FACILITY
M8 COMMERCIAL PAPER PROGRAMM
i oorHer

Oh LeAsE LIABILITIES

' Includes lease liabilities with related and unrelated parties

49

T 2.26 RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED EBITDA AND NET
LEVERAGE RATIO TO THE MOST DIRECTLY COMPARABLE
IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURE
IN ! M, EXCEPT FOR NET LEVERAGE RATIO

December 31, December 31,
2022 2021

Debt and lease liabilities! 13,213 13,320
Minus: Cash and
cash equivalents (1,274) (1,482)
NET DEBT 11,939 11,838
Net income 895 1,219
Income tax expense 325 353
Interest income (68) (73)
Interest expense 360 353
Depreciation and
amortization 1718 1,586
Adjustments 2 320 125
ADJUSTED EBITDA 3,550 3,563

NET LEVERAGE RATIO 3.4 3.3

' Debt includes the following balance sheet line items: short-term debt, current portion of long-
term debt and long-term debt, less current portion.
2 Acquisitions and divestitures made for the last twelve months with a purchase price above a
150 M threshold as defined in the Syndicated Credit Facility (2022: -!22 M; 2021: !13 M), non-
cash charges, primarily related to pension expense (2022: !54 M; 2021: !49 M), impairment
loss (2022: !120 M; 2021: !38 M) and special items, including costs related to the FME25 Pro -
gram (2022: 1155 M; 2021: !25 M), Net Gain Related to InterWell Health (2022: -!114 M), Huma -
cyte Investment Remeasurement (2022: !103 M), Hyperinflation in Turkiye (2022: !5 M) and
the Impacts Related to the War in Ukraine (2022: !19 M).

The key financial risks we are exposed to include foreign
exchange risk and interest rate risk. To manage these risks, we

enter into various hedging transactions that have been autho -
rized by the Management Board. Counterparty risks are man -
aged via internal credit limits, taking into account the external

credit ratings of the respective hedging counterparty. We do

not use financial instruments for trading or other speculative
purposes (for liquidity and financing risks, see the section

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

Other risks in the chapter Risks and opportunities report
as well as NOTE 23 of the notes to the consolidated financial

statements).

Fresenius SE, under a service agreement, conducts treasury
services for us under the control of a single centralized depart -
ment. We have established guidelines for risk management pro -
cedures and controls which govern the use of financial instru -
ments. These guidelines include a clear segregation of duties

with regards to execution on the one hand and administration,
accounting and controlling on the other.

We also utilize Fresenius SE s cash management system as well
as an unsecured loan agreement with Fresenius SE ( SEE NOTE 13
of the notes to the consolidated financial statements).

For information on our credit ratings, SEE NOTE 18 of the notes
to the consolidated financial statements. A rating is not a rec -
ommendation to buy, sell or hold securities of the Company,

and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any

time by the assigning rating agency.

Effect of off-balance-sheet financing
instruments on our financial position,
assets and liabilities

We are not involved in off-balance-sheet transactions that have
or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future
effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, cash
requirements or capital resources.

Sources of liquidity

Our primary sources of liquidity are typically cash provided by
operating activities, cash provided by short-term debt, pro -
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

ceeds from the issuance of long-term debt and divestitures. We
require this capital primarily to finance working capital needs,
fund acquisitions, operate clinics, develop free-standing renal
dialysis clinics and other health care facilities, purchase equip-
ment for existing or new renal dialysis clinics and production
sites, repay debt and pay dividends (see Net cash provided by
(used in) investing activities and Net cash provided by (used
in) financing activities below) and to satisfy put option obliga-
tions to holders of minority interests in our majority-owned
subsidiaries.

As of December 31, 2022, our available borrowing capacity
under unutilized credit facilities amounted to approximately
!3.1 BN, including !2.0 BN under the Syndicated Credit Facility,
which we maintain as a backup for general corporate purposes.
On June 8, 2022, we amended and extended the Syndicated
Credit Facility to extend the term by one year and replace U.S.
dollar-LIBOR as the reference rate with the Term Secured Over-
night Financing Rate. Also in June 2022, we replaced our unse-
cured loan agreement with Fresenius SE with a new uncommit-
ted revolving facility with Fresenius SE under which we may
request and receive one or more short-term advances from
Fresenius SE as lender, up to an aggregate amount of !600,000.
The uncommitted revolving facility is unsecured, does not have
a termination date and is effective beginning August 1, 2022.

At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of
!1,274 M (December 31, 2021: !1,482 M).

Free cash flow (Net cash provided by (used in) operating activi-
ties, after capital expenditures, before acquisitions and invest-
ments) is a Non-IFRS Measure and is reconciled to net cash pro-
vided by (used in) operating activities, the most directly
comparable IFRS measure (see the section Performance
management system in the chapter Overview of the Group ).

50

TABLE 2.27. shows the cash flow performance indicators for
2022 and 2021 and reconciles free cash flow and free cash flow
in percent of revenue to Net cash provided by (used in) operat-
ing activities and Net cash provided by (used in) operating
activities in percent of revenue, respectively:

CASH FLOW MEASURES
IN !M, EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE SPECI FIED

T 2.27

2022 2021

Revenue 19,398 17,619
Net cash provided by
(used in) operating activities 2,167 2,489

Capital expenditures (724) (854)

Proceeds from sale of property,

plant and equipment 37 25
Capital expenditures, net (687) (829)
Free cash flow 1,480 1,660
Net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities
in % of revenue 11.2 14.1
Free cash flow in % of revenue 7.6 9.4

Net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities

During 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was
!12,167 M (2021: !2,489 M). Net cash provided by operating
activities accounted for 11% of revenue in 2022 (2021: 14%). Net
cash provided by (used in) operating activities is impacted by
the profitability of our business, the development of our work-
ing capital, principally inventories, receivables and cash out-
flows that occur due to a number of specific items as discussed
below. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activi-
ties in 2022 was mainly driven by a decrease in net income and
a reduction in cash flow due to an increase in certain working

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

capital items, partially offset by impacts from COVID-19-related
government relief funding in the United States.

The profitability of our business depends significantly on reim-
bursement rates for our services. Approximately 79% of our
revenue is generated by providing health care services, a major
portion of which is reimbursed by either public health care
organizations or private insurers. In 2022, approximately 26%
of our consolidated revenue was attributable to reimburse-
ments from U.S. federal health care benefit programs, such as
Medicare and Medicaid. Legislative changes could affect Medi-
care reimbursement rates for a significant portion of the ser-
vices we provide as well as the scope of Medicare coverage. A
decrease in reimbursement rates or the scope of coverage
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
position and results of operations and thus on our capacity to
generate cash flow. See Macroeconomic and sector-specific
environment, above. During 2022, our profitability has also
been adversely affected by the global economic impact of the
ongoing Ukraine War and increased headwinds from labor mar-
ket, in particular in the U.S., and global inflation (
the notes to the consolidated financial statements). We have
seen unprecedented challenges in the labor market, in particu-
lar in the U.S., resulting in staff shortages, high turnover rates
and meaningfully higher costs, including higher costs due to an
increased reliance on contracted labor. These challenges con-
tinue to impact our growth, specifically in U.S. health care ser-
vices where labor constraints have affected our ability to
increase treatment volumes. These impacts, combined with the
current uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, driv-
ing inflationary cost increases and supply chain constraints,
have had a materially adverse effect on our results of opera-
tions during 2022.

In recent years, the stability of reimbursement in the U.S. has
been affected by (i) the implementation of the ESRD PPS in
January 2011, (ii) across-the-board spending cuts in payments

SEE NOTE | of
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

to Medicare providers by the U.S. federal government, com-
monly referred to as U.S. Sequestration (temporarily sus-
pended from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022 — a 1% reduc-
tion became effective from April 1 to June 30, 2022 and the full
2% sequester resumed on July 1, 2022), and (iii) the phased
reduction to the ESRD PPS rate to account for the decline in
utilization of certain drugs and biologicals associated with dial-
ysis pursuant to the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, as
subsequently modified under the Protecting Access to Medi-
care Act of 2014.

We intend to continue to address our current cash and financing
requirements using net cash provided by operating activities,

issuances under our commercial paper program ( SEE NOTE 13 of

51

less contract liabilities, converted to euro using the average
exchange rate for the period presented, less any sales or
value-added tax included in the receivables, by the average
daily sales for the last twelve months of that segment, con-
verted to euro using the average exchange rate for the period.
Receivables and revenues are adjusted for amounts related to
acquisitions and divestitures made within the reporting period
with a purchase price above a !50 M threshold, consistent with
the respective adjustments in the determination of adjusted
EBITDA (see section Performance management system in
the chapter Overview of the Group ).

The development of DSO by reporting segment is shown in
TABLE 2.28 ON PAGE 52_.

the notes to the consolidated financial statements) as well as
from the use of our Accounts Receivable Facility, bilateral credit
lines and our uncommitted revolving credit facility with
Fresenius SE. The Syndicated Credit Facility is also available for
backup financing needs. In addition, to finance acquisitions or
meet other needs, we expect to utilize long-term financing
arrangements, such as the issuance of bonds (see Net cash
provided by (used in) financing activities, below).

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities depends on
the collection of accounts receivable. Commercial customers
and government institutions generally have different payment
cycles. Lengthening their payment cycles could have a material
adverse effect on our capacity to generate cash flow. In addi-
tion, we could face difficulties enforcing and collecting accounts
receivable under the legal systems of and due to the economic
conditions in some countries. Accounts receivable balances,
net of expected credit losses, represented Days Sales Out-
standing (DSO) of 68 days at December 31, 2022, an increase as
compared to 62 days at December 31, 2021.

DSO by segment is calculated by dividing the respective seg-
ments accounts and other receivables from unrelated parties

Due to the fact that a large portion of our reimbursement is

provided by public health care organizations and private
insurers, we expect that most of our accounts receivable will
be collectible.

For information regarding litigation exposure as well as ongo-
ing and future tax audits, SEE NOTE 22 of the notes to the con-

solidated financial statements.

Net cash provided by (used in)
investing activities

Net cash used in investing activities was !735 M for 2022 (2021:
11,196 M). TABLE 2.29 ON PAGE 52 shows a breakdown of our
investing activities for 2022 and 2021.

The majority of our capital expenditures were used for main-
taining existing clinics and centers, equipping new clinics and
centers, capitalization of machines provided to our customers,
capitalization of certain development costs and IT implementa-
tion costs. Capital expenditures accounted for approximately
4% of total revenue in 2022 (2021: 5%).

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

Investments in 2022 were primarily comprised of purchases of
debt securities and equity investments. In 2022, we received
!118M from divestitures. These divestitures were mainly related
to the divestment of equity investments and debt securities.
Acquisitions in 2022 relate primarily to the purchase of dialysis
clinics and other health care facilities. Additionally, purchases
of intangible assets in 2022 related primarily to emission rights
certificates.

Investments in 2021 were primarily comprised of purchases of
debt securities and equity investments. In 2021, we received
!197M_ from divestitures. These divestitures were mainly
related to the divestment of debt securities. Acquisitions in
2021 relate primarily to the purchase of dialysis clinics.

In 2023, we anticipate capital expenditures around !0,9 BN and
expect to limit acquisition and investment spending, while
focusing on the organic growth of our business.

Net cash provided by (used in)
financing activities

Net cash used in financing activities was !1,617 M in 2022 (2021:
11,024 M).

In 2022, cash was mainly used in the repayment of short-term
debt (including borrowings under our commercial paper pro-
gram and short-term debt from related parties), the repayment
of lease liabilities (including lease liabilities from related par-
ties), the repayment of long-term debt (including the repay-
ment at maturity of bonds in an aggregate principal amount of
$700 M (!533M as of the date of issuance) on January 31,
2022), the payment of dividends and distributions to noncon-
trolling interests, partially offset by proceeds from long-term
debt (including proceeds from the issuance of bonds in an
aggregate principal amount of !750 M on September 20, 2022,
and the issuance of Schuldschein loans of !225 M in February
FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

General information Outlook  «) e a) ra) > )
Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT 52

Subsequent events

72.28 DEVELOPMENT OF DAYS SALES OUTSTANDING 2022) and proceeds from short-term debt (including borrow-
IN DAYS

ings under our commercial paper program and short-term debt
from related parties). | SEE NOTE 14 of the notes to the consoli-

December 31, December 31, . .
2022 2021 Increase!/!decrease primarily driven by: dated financial statements.
CMS s recoupment of advanced payments . .

received in 2020 under the Medicare Accelerated In 2021, cash was mainly used in the repayment of short-term

North America Segment 56 44 and Advance Payment Program debt from unrelated parties, repayment of long-term debt
Impacts Related to the War in Ukraine as well (including the repayment at maturity of bonds in an aggregate

EMEA Segment 86 88 as bad debt expense in certain other countries principal amount of $650 M (!473 M as of the date of issuance)
Asia-Pacific Segment 102 103 Improvement of payment collections in the region and !300 M, as well as the early repayment of the U.S. dollar
Latin America Segment 109 130 Improvement of payment collections in the region erm loan 2017/2022 in the amount of $1,050 M (!860 M as of
FMC AG & CO. KGAA he date of repayment) and the euro term loan 2017/2022 in the
AVERAGE DAYS SALES OUTSTANDING 68 62

amount of !245 M, both under the Amended 2012 Credit Agree-
ment), the repayment of lease liabilities (including lease liabili-
ies from related parties), payment of dividends and distribu-

T 2.29 CASH FLOWS RELATING TO INVESTING ACTIVITIES ions to noncontrolling interests, partially offset by proceeds

from short-term debt (including borrowings under our com-
mercial paper program) and proceeds from long-term debt
(including proceeds from the issuance of bonds in an aggregate

Acquisitions, investments, pur -

Capital expenditures, net, including chases of intangible assets and Proceeds from divestitures and principal amount of $1,500 M (11,227 M)).
capitalized development costs investments in debt securities! ! the sale of debt securities
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 On May 17, 2022, we paid a dividend of !1.35 per share for 2021
North America Segment 345 399 n 476 6 197 (11.34 per share for 2020 paid in 2021). The total dividend pay-
EMEA Segment 97 106 15 28 1 ment was !396 M in 2022 (2021: !392 M).
Asia-Pacific Segment 36 46 22 7 29
Latin America Segment 27 34 15 17 2
Corporate 182 244 4l 35 10
TOTAL 687 829 165 563 118 197

' Acquisitions in the North America Segment are net of cash acquired in the InterWell Health business combination. SEE NOTE 3 included in this report.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT 53
General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

c2.30 MATURITY STRUCTURE OF OUR SIGNIFICANT LONG-TERM FINANCING INSTRUMENTS
!BASED ON NOMINAL AMOUNTS OUTSTANDING"

IN! M
2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029

2,000

1,500

1,000
469

500
500

650
0 200
Euro bonds USS. dollar bonds AIR Facility Schuldschein loans

72.31 AVAILABLE SOURCES OF LIQUIDITY

2030 2031

IN! M
Expiration per period of
Less than
Total 1 year 1—3 years 3—5 years Over 5 years

Accounts Receivable Facility! 738 738
Syndicated Credit Facility 2,000 2,000
Other unused lines of credit 1,107 1,107

3,845 1,107 738 2,000
' Subject to availability of sufficient accounts receivable that meet funding criteria. At December 31, 2022, the Company had letters of credit outstanding in the amount of $13 M(!12M),

which reduces the availability under the Accounts Receivable Facility to the amount shown in this table.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

CHART 2.30. summarizes our significant long-term financing
instruments as well as their maturity structure at December 31,
2022.

For a description of our short-term debt, long-term sources of
liquidity and contractual cash flows (including interest) resulting

from recognized financial liabilities and derivative financial instru -
SEE NOTES 13,
14 AND 23 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

ments recorded in the consolidated balance sheets,

TABLE 2.31 summarizes our available sources of liquidity at
December 31, 2022.

An additional source of liquidity is our commercial paper pro -
gram, under which up to !1,500 M of short-term notes can be
issued on a flexible and continuous basis. As of December 31,
2022, we utilized !497  M and as of December 31, 2021, we

utilized !715 M of the commercial paper program.

At December 31, 2022, we had short-term debt from unrelated
parties (excluding the current portion of long-term debt) and
short-term debt from related parties in the total amount of

1669 M.

For information regarding our Syndicated Credit Facility, bonds
and the Accounts Receivable Facility, SEE NOTE 14 of the notes
to the consolidated financial statements. For information

regarding other contractual commitments, SEE NOTE 21 of the

notes to the consolidated financial statements.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

Although current and future economic conditions could
adversely affect our business and our profitability, we believe
hat we are well positioned to continue to operate our business
while meeting our financial obligations as they come due, and
0 resume growing our business as macroeconomic conditions
improve and headwinds subside. Because of the non-discre-
ionary nature of the health care services we provide, the need
for health care products utilized to provide such services and
he availability of government reimbursement for a substantial
portion of our health care services, our business is generally
not cyclical. A substantial portion of our accounts receivable is

generated by governmental payors. While payment and collec-

ion practices vary significantly between countries and even
between agencies within one country, government payors usu-
ally represent low to moderate credit risk. However, limited or
expensive access to capital could make it more difficult for our
customers to do business with us, or to do business generally,
which could adversely affect our business by causing our cus-
tomers to reduce or delay their purchases of our health care
products (see section Results of operations above). If the
conditions in the capital markets worsen, this could increase
our financing costs and limit our financial flexibility.

At our Annual General Meeting scheduled to be held on May 16,
2023, our General Partner and our Supervisory Board will pro-
pose to the shareholders a dividend of !1.12 per share for 2022,
payable in 2023 (for 2021 paid in 2022: !1.35). The total
expected dividend payment is approximately !329 M compared
to dividends of !396 M for 2021 paid in 2022.

Our principal financing needs in 2023 relate to the repayment
of bonds at maturity in November 2023. The dividend payment
in May 2023, anticipated capital expenditures and, to a lesser
extent, exercises of put options as well as further acquisition
payments are expected to be covered by our cash flow, includ-
ing the use of existing credit facilities and, if required, addi-

54

tional debt financing. We have sufficient flexibility to meet our
financing needs in 2023.

Net assets

Our total consolidated assets as of December 31, 2022,
amounted to !35,754 M, an increase of !1,387 M (4%) over the
prior year. In addition to a 4% positive impact resulting from
foreign currency translation, total assets summing up to
134,448 remained relatively stable (2021: !34,367 M).

Non-current assets increased by !1,151 M (4%) to !27,551 M and
represented 77% of total assets (2021: 77%). This increase
includes a positive effect from foreign currency translation of
4%. Increases in goodwill, primarily from the InterWell Health
business combination, were mostly offset by decreases in right-
of-use assets, mainly due to cancelled or not renewed con-
tracts, property, plant and equipment as well as investments in
non-consolidated affiliates, mainly due to the Humacyte Invest-
ment Remeasurement.

Current assets increased by 3% to !8,203 M, including a posi-
tive effect from foreign currency translation of 2%. The increase

in Inventories, particularly due to higher stock levels of pharma-
ceuticals used in our health care services business, and trade

accounts and other receivables from unrelated parties, mainly

due to revenue growth, slower payment collections and a shift
to reimbursement programs which have longer payment cycles,

were partially offset by a decrease in cash and cash equivalents

due to decreased securities and time deposits.

Total liabilities amounted to !20,305 M at December 31, 2022
and decreased slightly by !83M from !20,388M in 2021.
Including a positive effect from foreign currency translation of
4%, this decrease was primarily the result of lower short-term

debt, provisions and other current liabilities, lease liabilities

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

from unrelated parties, (including the current portion) and pen-
sion liabilities. Other current liabilities decreased primarily due
to CMS s recoupment of advanced payments received in 2020
under the Medicare Accelerated and Advance Payment Pro-
gram, which are recorded as contract liabilities. The decrease in
lease liabilities from unrelated parties was mainly due to can-
celled or not renewed contracts and the decrease in pension
liabilities was mainly attributable to adjustments to the dis-
count rate. This was partially offset by increases in provisions
and other non-current liabilities, including an increase in put
option liabilities from the InterWell Health business combina-
tion, and long-term debt (including the current portion of long-
term debt).

Current liabilities accounted for !1,363 M of our debt (2021:
11,924 M), a decrease of !561 M (29%), including a positive
effect from foreign currency translation of 1%. The decrease
was due to repayment of bonds denominated in U.S. dollar and
short-term debt (including borrowings under our commercial
paper program). It was partially offset by the reclassification of
bonds denominated in euro to the current portion of long-term
debt, as these will mature in 2023.

Long-term debt increased to !7,171 M from !6,647 M in the
prior year, an increase of !524M (8%), including a positive
effect from foreign currency translation of 3%. Furthermore,
the increase in long-term debt was mainly a result of the issu-
ance of bonds under our Debt Issuance Program in an aggre-
gate principal amount of !750 M and the issuance of Schuld-
schein loans of !225 M in total. It was partially offset by the
reclassification of bonds denominated in euro to the current

portion of long-term debt.

Shareholders equity increased by 11% to !15,449 M. The
increase was driven by a positive effect from foreign currency
translation of 5% and net income as well as an increase in addi-
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook
Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report
Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

tional paid in capital, related to noncontrolling interests from
the InterWell Health business combination, an actuarial gain
recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), mainly
attributable to adjustments to the discount rate for pension lia-
bilities, and the net effect from noncontrolling interests due to
changes in the consolidation group. It was partially offset by
changes in fair value of put option liabilities recognized in other
comprehensive income (loss) as well as dividend payments and
distributions to noncontrolling interests. The equity to assets
ratio increased to 43% at December 31, 2022 from 41% at
December 31, 2021, primarily driven by an increase in equity

and a decrease in short-term debt.

At Group level, ROIC decreased to 3.3% at December 31, 2022
from 4.9% at December 31, 2021, driven by lower operating
income and increased average invested capital. Goodwill,
included in the item Invested capital , has a significant impact
on the calculation of ROIC. The weighted average cost of capital
(WACC), including weighted risk premiums for country risks,
was 7.1%.

For supplementary information on capital management and
our capital structure, SEE NOTE 18 of the notes to the consoli-
dated financial statements.

55

Management s general assessment

We continue to operate in a challenging and highly volatile
macroeconomic and operational environment. As expected,
inflationary developments persisted and weighed on our earn-
ings. Open positions in our dialysis clinics were reduced but
remained at an elevated level, impacting both costs and growth
in Health Care Services. We continue to face an unprecedented
labor market situation in the U.S., resulting in staff shortages,
high turnover rates and meaningfully higher costs. This has
impacted growth in U.S. Dialysis Services as well as in down-
stream assets and consequently affected operational leverage

in both.

On the upside, in 2022, we received U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services funding (Provider Relief Fund Phase 4)
available for health care providers affected by the COVID-19
pandemic. While the FME25 new operating model and savings
provide an important foundation, there is also a clear urgency
to turnaround our operational performance with bold interven-
tions. These measures will also include a culture of perfor-
mance and accountability.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Refer to NOTE 27 of the notes to the consolidated financial

statements.

OUTLOOK

The outlook describes how Fresenius Medical Care

expects to perform in fiscal year 2023. These
statements take into account all events known
at the time the financial statements were
prepared which could affect the development
of our business in 2023.

BUSINESS POLICY

Fresenius Medical Care is the world s leading provider of prod-
ucts and services for individuals with renal diseases based on
publicly reported revenue and the number of patients treated.
We aim to further expand this position in the years ahead. Our
products and health care services are at the core of our strat-
egy. During our transition year 2022 we have gradually started
to introduce the new operating model with two future global
segments, Care Enablement and Care Delivery. The new global
operating model went live on January 1, 2023. To take it to the
next level until 2025, we will concentrate on three key areas:
the renal care continuum, critical care solutions, and comple-
mentary assets. Aspects of the renal care continuum include
new renal care models, value-based care, chronic kidney dis-
ease and transplantation, and future innovations. Over the next
few years, we will use our competence in the critical care busi-
ness to address a variety of health challenges and continue to
leverage our core competencies through partnerships, invest-
ments, and acquisitions. This approach constitutes our commit-
ment to long-term sustainable development and growth.

56

SECTOR-SPECIFIC ENVIRON -
MENT — DIALYSIS MARKET

The Company expects the number of dialysis patients world-
wide to grow by about 4% in 2023 depending on the further

development of the global COVID-19 pandemic. The accelerat-

ing effects of excess mortality due to the COVID-19 pandemic

are continuing into 2023. Fresenius Medical Care expects to
have a significant adverse annualization effect on treatment
volumes. Some significant regional differences are likely to
remain: The Company anticipates below average growth rates
in the U.S., Japan and Western and Central Europe. The number
of patients with chronic kidney disease is already relatively
high in these countries and regions and patients generally have
reliable access to treatment, normally dialysis. In economically
weaker regions we expect the growth rates partly to be consid-
erably higher. We expect patient numbers to continue growing

in the coming years — see the following table:

T 2.32 EXPECTED GROWTH IN PATIENT NUMBERS

Growth 2023
North America Segment ~1%
EMEA Segment ~3%
Asia-Pacific Segment ~6%
Latin America Segment ~3%
WORLDWIDE ~4%

Source: Internal estimates.

Our growth strategy is based on an in-depth analysis of the
major trends affecting Fresenius Medical Care:

Demographic factors: Demographic factors are one of the
main reasons for the continued growth of dialysis markets.
As average life expectancy rises worldwide, the share of

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

older people in the population is also growing. However, kid
ney function deteriorates with age. Therefore, demographic
change is an important indicator for the future number of
dialysis patients, which is expected to increase from around
3.9 M worldwide in 2022 to over 5.7. M in 2030.

Increase in lifestyle diseases: Diseases such as high blood
pressure and diabetes are on the rise around the world. They
can cause damage to the entire organism and also often
impair kidney function in the long-term.

Improved access to medical care: Thanks to ongoing efforts
to establish and expand balanced and sustainable health
care systems in many countries around the globe, a grow
ing number of patients are gaining access to suitable dialy
sis treatments for the first time. We expect this trend to
continue and drive demand for high-quality products and
treatments.

Changes in the health care industry: The health care indus
try is constantly changing. We believe that demand for the
holistic care of chronic patients will continue to rise. In
future, the focus when treating kidney patients will no lon
ger be simply on offering individual dialysis products or ser
vices, but also on combining all fields of application related

to dialysis and coordinating them more effectively.

Hemodialysis will remain the treatment of choice, accounting
for 88% to 89% of all dialysis therapies. Peritoneal dialysis will
continue to be the preferred treatment for 11% to 12% of all

dialysis patients.

The volume of the worldwide dialysis market last year was
influenced by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and exchange
rate effects and amounted to about !82 BN according to pre-
liminary estimates. Going forward, we expect an increase of 1%
to 3% per year. This is based on the assumption that exchange
rates will remain stable in the forecasting period. The overall
volume of the dialysis market could thus reach around !83 BN
to !84 BN by 2023.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

In addition, the reimbursement and ancillary services utiliza-
tion environment significantly influences our business. In the
USS., our biggest sales market, the reimbursements of govern-
mental institutions are lower than the reimbursements of pri-

vate insurers. Therefore, a change in the portion of reimburse-

ments by private insurers in the U.S. influences our business.

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
DEVELOPMENT OF FRESENIUS
MEDICAL CARE IN 2023

Fresenius Medical Cares outlook for 2023 is at Constant
Exchange Rates and excludes Special Items. Special items
include further costs related to the FME25 Program and other
effects that are unusual in nature and have not been foreseeable

or not foreseeable in size or impact at the time of giving guid
ance. These targets are based on the following assumptions:

Significant headwind from inflationary cost environment of
1200 M to !240 M.

Labor cost headwind of 1140 M to !180M.

No additional government support assumed.

US. dialysis treatment growth of -1% to +1%.

Sustainable FME25 savings of !250 M to !300 M.
Remeasurement effects on the fair value of investments are
expected to be volatile but neutral on a full year basis.

The growth rates are based on the results in 2022 excluding
Special Items, such as the costs related to the FME25 Program,
the Net Gain Related to InterWell Health, the Humacyte Invest-
ment Remeasurement, the Hyperinflation in Turkiye and the
Impacts Related to the War in Ukraine. In 2022, operating
income was supported by !277 M of Provider Relief Funding.
There is no additional governmental support assumed for
2023. To provide a comparable basis for the 2023 outlook, the

57 FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

prior year basis was adjusted accordingly for the Provider The expected developments might be influenced by develop-
Relief Funding. For a reconciliation of the results 2022 to the
adjusted results 2022 as a basis for the targets 2023, SEE

TABLE 2.34 at the end of this chapter.

ments described in the risks and opportunities report. 2023 is
expected to be a transition year towards earnings growth recov-
ery in 2024.

Revenue and revenue growth Our outlook for the financial year 2023 is summarized in
TABLE 2.33 .

We expect revenue to increase at a low to mid-single digit

percentage rate at Constant Exchange Rates in 2023.

FME25: TRANSFORMING GLOBAL
OPERATING MODEL TO
STRENGTHEN PROFITABILITY

Operating income

We expect operating income to remain flat or decline up to ata
high-single digit percentage rate at Constant Exchange Rates

in 2023. The positive development of operating income in Care As part of the FME25 Program launched in 2021, we have
Delivery is affected by a negative development in Care Enable- announced on November 2, 2021, a new operating model that
ment. This development is based on operating income in 2022 will be launched in 2023. The objective is to better capture
excluding Special Items. Additionally, operating income was identified growth opportunities, thereby generating additional
adjusted for the Provider Relief Funding. value, enhance capital allocation, further exploit the advan-
tages of the Company s vertical integration, increase transpar-

Dividend ency both internally and externally, reduce the administrative
burden in terms of cost and speed, and promote a culture of
Regarding our dividend policy, we will propose a dividend that agility, innovation and accountability. Since January 1, 2023, we
is aligned with our earnings development at Constant Exchange conduct our business in two global segments — Care Delivery
Rates, while focusing on the continuity of historical payments. and Care Enablement — along the relevant future value drivers

taking a more centralized approach.

T 2.33 OUTLOOK PRIMARY KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 2023

Results 2022 Outlook 2023 (at Constant Currency)
Revenue ! 119,398 M low to mid-single digit percentage rate growth
Operating income ! 11,540 M flat to high-single digit percentage rate decline

' Qutlook 2023 is based on the assumptions outlined above and excludes Special Items. Special items include further costs related to the FME25 Program and other effects that are unusual in nature
and have not been foreseeable or not foreseeable in size or impact at the time of giving guidance. The growth rates are based on the results in 2022 excluding the costs related to the FME25 Pro-
gram, the Net Gain Related to InterWell Health, the Humacyte Investment Remeasurement, the Hyperinflation in Turkiye and the Impacts Related to the War in Ukraine. Additionally, the results in
2022 were adjusted for the Provider Relief Funding. For a reconciliation of results 2022 to the adjusted results 2022 as a basis for targets 2023, see the following table. For further information on
Constant Currency, see section Performance management system in the chapter Overview of the Group .
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

58

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

T 2.34 RECONCILIATION OF RESULTS 2022 TO THE ADJUSTED RESULTS 2022 AS A BASIS FOR TARGETS 2023

IN!M
Special Items
Net Gain Related Humacyte Investment Hyper-inflation Provider
Results 2022 FME25 Program to InterWell Health Remeasurement Ukraine War in Turkiye Relief Funding Adjusted results 2022
Revenue 19,398 19,398
Operating income 1,512 204 (56) 103 49 5 (277) 1,540

We increased the savings target for our FME25 Program from
!500 M to !650 M by 2025 and now expect to invest up to
!650 M in the same period.

The Company is well on track with its FME25 Program. We
exceeded the program s target of savings to contribute !'40 M

to !70 M to operating income for 2022 with savings of !131 M.
Fresenius Medical Care is also working on measures that
further support margin improvement.

By 2025 we target to achieve an improved operating income
margin excluding Special Items of 10% to 14%.

MANAGEMENT S GENERAL
ASSESSMENT

Our clear focus in the coming years will be on improved opera-
tional performance and our transformation efforts. This will
involve even bolder steps to both further simplify and focus the
way we manage our business to drive sustainable profitable
growth recovery. This will be achieved through a simplified and
efficient governance structure, faster execution on operational
efficiencies within the two new global segments, and further
streamlining of our processes and portfolio. All of this supports
our mission to provide the best possible care for our patients
around the globe. 2022 has shown, that we operate in a very
challenging environment. While we expect more headwinds
than tailwinds, and no governmental support for 2023, our
transformation efforts and sharpened focus will enable us to
accelerate the execution of our strategic initiatives and to
return to earnings growth in 2024.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

RISKS AND
OPPORTUNITIES
REPORT

As acompany with global operations, we are
naturally exposed to risks associated with our
business activities. Ultimately, we can leverage
opportunities for our business only if we are
willing to take certain risks. Based on our many
years of experience and our extensive knowledge
of the markets, we are able to identify and assess
risks and opportunities for our business.

RISK AND OPPORTUNITY
MANAGEMENT

We see risk management as the ongoing task of determining,
analyzing and evaluating the spectrum of actual and potential
risks arising from our business operations in our environment
and, where possible, taking pre-emptive and corrective mea-
sures. Our risk management system provides us with a basis for
these activities. It enables management to identify risks that
could jeopardize our growth or going concern and to take steps
to minimize any negative impact. Accordingly, it is an important
component of our management and governance.

In addition, we ensure our long-term success by actively man-
aging opportunities. The aim here is to identify and assess
opportunities as early as possible and initiate appropriate mea-
sures so that opportunities can be turned into business success
for Fresenius Medical Care. Long-term and mid-term opportuni-
ties are taken into account in our strategy and budget planning.
We exploit opportunities that can be implemented at short

59

notice as part of ongoing business operations, provided this is
meaningful and in line with our business targets.

MAIN FEATURES OF THE RISK
MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL
CONTROL SYSTEM

Risk management system

The main objective of the risk management system is to iden-
tify potential risks as early as possible to assess their impact on
business activities and enable us, where necessary, to take
appropriate countermeasures. Due to constantly changing
external as well as internal requirements and conditions, our
risk management system is continuously evolving. In the past
fiscal year, preparations were made to adjust our risk manage-
ment approach to the new global operating model. This adjust-
ment was complemented by the definition of a more robust
process to integrate risks that could cause adverse impacts on
ESG (Environmental, Social & Governance) aspects.

The organizational structure of our risk management as well as
the previously described processes are shown in
PAGE 60 .

The structure of the internal risk management system is based
on the internationally recognized framework for company-wide
risk management, the Enterprise Risk Management — Inte-
grated Framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organiza-
tions of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Opportunities are
not covered by the implemented risk management system.

As part of the risk management system, regional risk coordina-
tors, utilizing risk management software, assume the task of
coordinating risk management activities within our operating

CHART 2.35 ON

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

segments, in particular for risk identification and assessment
with individual risk owners by means of, among other things,
workshops, interviews and queries. These activities relate to
existing and potential emerging short-term as well as mid-term
risks. Semi-annually, identified risk information is processed by
the risk coordinators, reviewed by the respective corporate
functions and discussed in regional/functional risk committees.
Subsequently, the central risk management function gathers
the risks and risk responses from regions and functions, analy-
ses and discusses them in the corporate risk committee and
communicates the compiled results to the Management Board.
The analysis of the risk environment also includes determining
the degree of a potential threat to the company s going con-
cern by aggregating all risks with the aid of a software-
supported risk simulation.

The Management Board and central risk management are
promptly informed of new risks that are estimated to be high or
develop into high risks in order to ensure appropriate responses
(Information regarding the classification of risks as high,
medium and low can be derived from the risk matrix depicted
in the section Risks in this chapter). The effectiveness of the
risk management system is monitored by the Audit and Corpo-
rate Governance Committee of the Supervisory Board.

In addition to risk reporting, standard reporting to manage-
ment is an important tool for managing and controlling risks, as
well as for taking preventive measures in a timely manner
Therefore, our Management Board is informed on a monthly
basis about the industry situation, our operating and non-oper-

ating business, and the outcome of analyses of our earnings

and financial position, as well as of the assets position on a
quarterly basis.

The Global Internal Audit department is regularly informed
about the results of the risk management system. This depart-
ment determines risk focus areas and audits a selected number
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

c2.35 RISK REPORTING

60

AUDIT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE OF SUPERVISORY BOARD

CORPORATE RISK MANAGEMENT

Reporting of reviewed risks

RISK MANAGEMENT SEGMENTS

Risk Committee Risk Committee Risk Committee Risk Committee
NORTH LATIN
AMERICA EMEA ASIA-PACIFIC AMERICA

of our departments, subsidiaries and information technology
(IT) applications worldwide each year. Determined risk focus
areas are audited across all business segments. The department
works according to the internationally accepted standards of the
Institute of Internal Auditors, which was confirmed by a quality
assessment in 2022. The next quality assessment is planned for
2027. The scope of internal auditing is widespread and involves,
among other activities, periodic assessment of the effectiveness
of controls (including legal compliance controls) over business
processes, IT security, the reliability of financial reporting and

MANAGEMENT BOARD

Reporting of consolidated risks

Reporting of consolidated risks

1
1
' 2p
t Processing of oy
| Ad-hoc risks 2
CORPORATE RISK COMMITTEE ' 2
: 2
1
1
a-------------------------- 4
H
'
1
1
'
'
1
'
1
1
'
1
Risk Committee Risk Committee Risk Committee '
CORPORATE
GRD GMQSs GMO FUNCTIONS

compliance with accounting regulations and internal policies.
Since 2021, Global Internal Audit is also conducting third-party
audits of selected sales intermediaries in order to give assurance
that business transactions with Fresenius Medical Care products
are in accordance with applicable compliance standards. Our
locations and units to be audited are determined annually on the
basis of a selection model taking various risks into consider
ation. This annual audit plan is reviewed and approved by the
Management Board and the Audit and Corporate Governance
Committee of the Supervisory Board. All audit reports with

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

material observations are presented to the Management Board.

The Global Internal Audit department is also responsible for
monitoring the implementation of measures mitigating identi -
fied deficiencies. The Management Board is informed about the
mitigation status on a quarterly basis. The Audit and Corporate
Governance Committee of the Supervisory Board is also
informed of the audit results. Due to COVID-19, the Global Inter -
nal Audit department suspended on-site audits from March

2020 onwards and conducted all audits remotely. In 2022, a total

of 26 audits and 24 sales intermediary audits were carried out.

Risk focus areas were compliance and cybersecurity.

Nevertheless, it is important to note that a functioning and
adequate risk management system cannot guarantee that all
risks are fully identified and controlled.

Internal control system

Our internal control system aims on mitigating risks within var-
ious business processes by efficient and effective control
mechanisms to ensure that business processes are reliable and
that the related objectives are being met. The scope of our
internal control system is not only limited to financial reporting
processes to ensure that also compliance-related risks and
operational business risks are being addressed by appropriate

internal controls.

Our internal control system is oriented on the requirements of the
internationally recognized Internal Control — Integrated Frame -
work (2013) that has been published by COSO. The internal con -
trol system is divided into five components: control environment,

risk assessment, control activities, information and communica -
tion, as well as the monitoring of the internal control system. Each

of these components is regularly documented and assessed.

' The disclosures in this paragraph are so-called non-management report disclosures.
Therefore, these are unaudited.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

The ultimate responsibility for the implementation of an adequate
and effective internal control system lies with the Management
Board of Fresenius Medical Care. The Management Board has
instructed several functions within Fresenius Medical Care to take
care of the implementation of an internal control system within
their area of responsibility and to apply a global internal control
governance for the respective internal controls. Monitoring and
reporting mechanisms exist to provide updates regarding the sta
tus of the internal control system towards the Management Board

as well as the Audit and Corporate Governance Committee of

the Supervisory Board. On top of that internal controls are also
subject to audit activities by the Global Internal Audit depart-
ment, which communicates audit results to the respective audit
subjects (for example country organizations, global functions)
and to the Management Board of Fresenius Medical Care.

Depending on the risks within the business processes and the
underlying process design, controls vary in terms of their
design and control requirements. Control issues identified via
control testing activities may also require adaptions of the
underlying controls. Controls within finance and finance related
processes look different from compliance controls or controls
within operational business processes. However, a sufficient
risk mitigation is always the primary focus for all our controls
that we have across our organization. Typical control types
(non exhaustive listing is provided here) that are in use within
Fresenius Medical Care are related to preventive approvals of
business transactions, detective management reviews, organi-
zational control measures (for example segregation of duties),
IT related control procedures (for example system back-ups or
user access review) or quality/safety checks within operational
business processes (for example within our production facilities
or our clinics). Besides the before mentioned control activities,
Fresenius Medical Care currently has internal controls in place
with respect to certain sustainability-related objectives, for
instance those for the measurement of the target achievement
of the Management Board members with respect to their short-

61

term incentive compensation. In the reporting year these con-
trols referred to quality criteria defined in the methodology of
the Global Sustainability Program, including requirements for
data provider and data validator roles, final review and external
assessment.

Our internal control system is subject to constant change and
improvement to reflect changes within our organization, our busi
ness processes and also the external environment that we are
operating in.

Similar to our risk management system there are inherent lim-
itations to our internal control system, meaning that there is no
absolute guarantee that all risks within the various business
processes are 100% effectively mitigated and that respective
objectives will be fully met.

Fresenius Medical Care has implemented several monitoring
and reporting mechanisms to update the Management Board
and the Audit and Corporate Governance Committee of the
Supervisory Board about the status of its risk management
system and internal control system. Based on this the Manage-
ment Board has no indication that the risk management system
and internal control system were not appropriate or not effec-
tive as of December 31, 2022.

Internal control system over financial reporting

Our internal control system over financial reporting is designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s finan-
cial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance
with IFRS as issued by the IASB and endorsed by the EU Com-
mission. Our internal reporting process is designed for the reli-
able recording, processing and control of financial data and key
figures. Figures and data are compared and discussed regularly
on a monthly and quarterly basis with the previous year s val-

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

ues, budget targets and the latest projections. In addition, the
Management Board and the departments responsible for pre-
paring the consolidated financial statements discuss all param-
eters, assumptions and estimates that substantially affect the
externally reported consolidated and segment results. The
Audit and Corporate Governance Committee of the Super-
visory Board also reviews current quarterly results and com-

pares them with budgets and projections.

The internal control system contains guidelines and instruc-
tions designed for the appropriate and accurate recording and

presentation of Company transactions.

Further control mechanisms aimed at achieving reliable finan-
cial reporting and correct recording of transactions within the
accounting and the consolidation process include automated
and manual reconciliations, as well as the separation of certain
personnel functions to prevent potential conflicts of interest.
Furthermore, several preventive approval steps as well as
detective plausibility checks are in place in various core finance
and finance-related processes to ensure correct financial
reporting. All process owners identify and assess the risks of
their respective processes in terms of the implications for
accounting and financial reporting. These process owners also
determine that corresponding controls are in place to minimize
these risks. Changes to accounting standards are discussed on
an ongoing basis and considered in the preparation of the
financial statements. Employees responsible for financial
reporting are provided with regular training regarding changes
in accounting standards. The consolidation is performed by a
central department. The basis for the consolidation is derived
from reporting packages and sub-group consolidated financial
statements prepared and submitted by local group entities. The
preparation of reporting packages and sub-group consolidated
financial statements is performed according to central require-

ments and guidelines.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

As we are also listed on the New York Stock Exchange, it is
required to adhere to the requirements of the U.S. Sarbanes-
Oxley Act (SOX). Section 404 of this federal law stipulates that
management of companies listed in the U.S. are responsible for
implementing and adhering to an effective internal control sys
tem to produce reliable financial reporting. A yearly scoping
takes place to determine entities, processes and controls which
are subject to SOX requirements. The design and operating
effectiveness of the internal control system over financial
reporting are routinely tested and considered in regular internal
audits. Control testing results are being regularly discussed with
the respective stakeholders and remediation of control defi
ciencies is monitored. These criteria are also included in the
annual audit by our independent registered public accounting
firm. A quarterly certification process has been implemented as
a formal accountability and responsibility mechanism for coun
tries, regions, shared services centers as well as corporate enti-
ties which aims at the accuracy of financial reporting and the
associated disclosure controls and procedures.

Our review of the internal control system over financial report-
ing complies with a specific SEC guideline (Guidance Regarding
Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting) and is conducted with software support. Initially,
regional internal control teams coordinate the assessment of
the controls in each region, after which the results are consoli-
dated for the whole Group. Based upon this assessment, man-
agement evaluates the effectiveness of the internal control
system for the current fiscal year. External advisers are con-
sulted as needed. A corporate steering committee meets sev-
eral times a year to review regulatory developments and
changes of relevant internal control requirements, to discuss
possible control deficiencies, and derive further measures. In
addition, in its meetings, the Audit and Corporate Governance
Committee of the Supervisory Board is informed regularly of
the results of management s assessment.

62

As of December 31, 2022, management assessed our internal
control system over financial reporting and determined that
our internal control over financial reporting is effective.

Internal control systems over financial reporting are subject to
inherent limitations, irrespective of how carefully these sys-
tems are designed. As a result, there is no absolute assurance
that financial reporting objectives can be met, nor that mis-
statements will always be prevented or detected.

Compliance Management System

We have a global compliance program that consists of key pil-
lars of prevention, detection and correction to ensure we
operate our business in accordance with the law and internal
guidelines.

We prevent compliance violations through written policies and
procedures, engagement of compliance officers across our
organization and oversight committees, and ongoing compli-
ance trainings. We detect compliance issues through open lines
of communication, investigations, as well as ongoing monitor-
ing and reviews. We ensure appropriate corrective action, when
necessary, through disciplinary committees.

Compliance controls, such as third-party due diligence, vendor
and customer transaction monitoring as well as invoice reviews
are key to preventing and detecting compliance issues and are
embedded throughout our organization.

All employees follow a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
that covers key areas including patient care, product and ser-
vice quality, anti-corruption and anti-bribery, health and safety,
data privacy, supplier conduct, and human rights. Our compli-

2 ‘The disclosures in this paragraph are so-called non-management report disclosures.
Therefore, these are unaudited.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

ance program has systems and processes in place to continu-
ally monitor and evaluate compliance risks, identify non-com-
pliance risks early, and mitigate and correct breaches. Each
business routinely conducts risks assessments to create trans-
parency and work plans to ensure continued compliance. The
results of the compliance risk assessments are also reflected in
our enterprise risk management system.

Oversight of our compliance program is monitored and key

findings are reviewed by our Management Board and the Audit

and Corporate Governance Committee of the Supervisory

Board. In addition, senior leaders participate in Global Compli-
ance Oversight Committee meetings, dedicated to reviewing

the effectiveness of the compliance program.

We are continuously adapting and aiming to improve our com-
pliance program and processes.

Risks

The following section describes significant risks which could
have an impact on our business operations. In the course of the
risk assessment an estimation of the risks takes place regard-
ing the likelihood of occurrence and the potential impact in the
respective assessment period, allowing a prioritization of the
risks into the classifications low, medium and high. Besides
quantitative factors, qualitative factors are also applied when
assessing the potential impact of a risk. For the identification of
strategic developments, besides the short-term consideration
(one year), risks can also be assessed in terms of a mid-term
effect within five years.

The scales for classification of potential impact and likelihood
as well as the localization of the risks within the risk matrix are
depicted in CHART 2.36 ON PAGE 63

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

63

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

c2.36 RISKS WITH POTENTIAL SHORT-TERM EFFECT !ONE YEAR" AND MID-TERM EFFECT !BETWEEN ONE AND FIVE YEARS"
Risks with potential short-term effect (one year) ° Risks with potential mid-term effect (between one and five years)
low medium major severe low medium major severe
_|z 12, 13, 19 2].
3 z
& &
4 2 2 2 9 2 4
a 17, 18, 21, 22 3, 14, 15, 20 3 16 18. 30 z
5 5
RISK AREA
1 Regulatory environment 13 Personnel
2 Quality 14 Corruption and Fraud
3 USS. federal health care programs 15 Information systems and business processes
4 Composition of our customer base 16 Liquidity and financing
5 Reimbursement by private insurers 17 Currencies and interests
6 Health care reforms 18 Litigation and potential exposures
7 ~~ Growth 19 Taxes
8 Competitors 20 Global operations
9 Research and development 21 Unpredictable events
10 Intellectual Property 22 Global economic conditions and disruptions in financial markets
11 Referral practices 23 COVID-19
12 Procurement 24 ESG requirements

slow risk == medium risk ——= high risk
' Likelihood: unlikely: 0 to 10%, possible: > 10 to 50%, likely: > 50 to 90 %, almost certain:
2 Potential impact: low: small negative impact, medium: moderate negative impact,

> 90 to 100 %.
major: significant negative impact,
severe: material negative impact.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

The adjacent depicted risk areas as well as mitigating measures
within these areas are described in the following section.

Sector-specific risks
Regulatory environment, product quality

Our operations in both health care services business and prod-
ucts business are subject to extensive governmental regulation
in virtually every country in which we operate. We are also sub-
ject to other laws of general applicability, including anti-trust
laws. The applicable regulations, which differ from country to
country, cover areas that include:

the quality, safety and efficacy of medical and pharma-
ceutical products and supplies;

regulatory approvals and oversight of clinical and certain
non-clinical research and development activities;

product approvals and regulatory approvals for new prod -
ucts or product improvements;

the operation and licensure of manufacturing facilities, labo -
ratories, dialysis clinics, ambulatory surgery centers and

other health care facilities;

audits and reviews by enforcement authorities, including the

Food and Drug Administration (FDA), for compliance with
applicable drug regulations;

product labeling, advertising and other promotion;

accurate reporting and billing for government and third-

party reimbursement including accurate and complete med -
ical records to support such billing;

the discounting of reimbursed drug and medical device
products and the reporting of drug prices to government
authorities;

limits on our ability to make acquisitions or certain invest -
terms of those

ments and _ the transactions;
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

the collection, dissemination, access, use, security and privacy
of protected health information and other protected data;
compliance with due diligence, warranty obligations and
product liability rules; and

compensation of medical directors and other financial
arrangements with physicians and other referral sources.

In addition to the risks from non-compliance with the regula-
tory environment, as a manufacturing company we face the
risk that products, as a result of unsuitable product designs or
issues in the production process, do not fulfill our standards of
quality and could lead to the possibility of not achieving
expected treatment results which may result in product recalls
that might lead to significant adverse financial results or repu-
tational damage.

If we fail to comply with one or more of these laws or regulations
or incur a quality incident, this may give rise to a number of
adverse legal and financial consequences. These include, in par
ticular, loss or suspension of governmental certifications, loss or
suspension of licenses under the laws of governmental authority
from which we generate substantial revenues, monetary and
administrative penalties, recall actions and claims for damages,
statutory or regulatory shipping holds, increased costs for com
pliance with government orders, complete or partial exclusion
from government reimbursement programs, refunds of pay-
ments received from government payors and government health
care program beneficiaries due to any failures to meet appli-
cable requirements or complete or partial curtailment of our
authority to conduct business. In the end, these types of risks
may no longer be insurable. Including the considerable costs of
legal defense, all the consequences mentioned above could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations

and financial condition.

64

A number of the health care businesses in the U.S., that the
Company operates, is owned or managed by entities in which
one or more hospitals, physicians or physician practice groups
hold an interest. We also have arrangements with physician
practices to collaborate on our value and risk-based care pro-
grams with public and private payors. While the Company has
structured its arrangements with physicians to comply with
many of the criteria for safe harbor protection and waivers
under the federal and state Anti-Kickback Statutes as well as
other state fraud and abuse laws, its arrangements do not
always satisfy all elements of such safe harbor. If one or more
of our arrangements, including value and risk-based care pro-
grams, were found to be in violation of the Anti-Kickback
Statute, the Stark Law or analogous state laws, or other similar
laws worldwide, we could be required to restructure or termi-
nate them. We also could be required to repay to Medicare,
Medicaid as well as other federal health care program amounts
pursuant to any prohibited referrals, and we could be subject to
monetary penalties and exclusion from federal and state health
care programs. Imposition of any of these penalties could have
a material adverse impact on our business, results of opera-
tions and financial condition.

Compliance programs implemented in the regions reduce the risk
of legal violations by providing general and specific rules of con
duct and procedures as well as regular training of the employees
according to the relevant specifications. To ensure that our prod
ucts and services comply with the quality requirements, we imple
mented quality management systems in the different regions.
The employees have access to procedures and work instructions
to ensure that the applicable quality requirements are met. In
addition, we conduct internal reviews of the production sites and
clinics to monitor compliance with quality standards of our prod
ucts and services. Regulatory initiatives and changes are closely

monitored in order to quickly adapt to new regulations.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

USS. federal health care programs

As stated in the report in section Macroeconomic and sec-
tor-specific environment in the chapter Economic Report ,
our dialysis clinics in the US participate in the QIP within the
ESRD PPS. Payment reductions of up to 2% of Medicare reim-
bursements can be made if the quality standards of the QIP are
not met in the clinics. Should we fail to meet the QIP s minimum
requirements to a greater extent, this could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

Through our value and risk-based care programs, we assume the
risk of both medical and administrative costs for certain patients
in return for fixed periodic payments or potential reimburse
ment based on our achievement against set benchmark targets
from governmental and commercial insurers. We currently par-
ticipate in the CKCC model as well as in remuneration agree-
ments with insurers. (Details and detailed descriptions of the
above mentioned and other programs in which we participate
can be found in the report in section Macroeconomic and
sector-specific environment in the chapter Economic Report ).

The profitability in our value and risk-based care programs is
dependent in part upon our ability to negotiate favorable
financial terms, to manage a patient s care, to collaborate with
our payor partners, to coordinate with other health care pro
viders, to accurately document patients health conditions for
risk adjustment, and to find cost efficient, medically appropri-
ate sites of service for our patients. Any failure to do so would
limit our ability to improve the quality of patient care and
health outcomes and to reduce medically unnecessary costs,
which could lead to poorer performance under value and risk-

based care programs.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

The reserves that we establish in connection with the operation
of our value and risk-based care programs as well as estima-
tions of the amount of revenues from health care services that
we recognize in a reporting period are based upon assumptions
and judgments concerning a number of factors which are sub-
ject to uncertainties. Those factors include trends in health
care costs, expenses, patient hospitalization rates, the compli-
cated billing and collection process, complex and changing laws
and regulations subject to interpretation, determination of pri-
mary and secondary insurance coverage and other factors.
Additionally, collections, refunds and payor retractions may
continue to occur for up to three years or longer after services
are provided. To the extent the actual claims experience is less
favorable than estimated based on our underlying assump-
tions, the timing and amount of our recognition of revenues as
well as future earnings could be adversely affected or incurred
losses could increase.

CMS relied on authority granted by the ACA to implement the
CKCC model and seeks to deliver better health outcomes for
ESRD patients while lowering CMS costs. We applied, and were
accepted, for participation in CMS CKCC model. The implemen-
tation period for the CKCC model began on October 15, 2020,
on a no-risk basis, and we began participation in the first per-
formance year of the CKCC model on January 1, 2022, at which
time each participating entity assumed financial risk. We do not
yet know whether we and our partners will be able to deliver
better health outcomes while lowering CMS costs.

We cannot give any assurance that we will achieve the cost sav-
ings required or contemplated by these programs, which could
have a material adverse effect on our operating results. In addi-
tion, we may experience higher write-offs of Medicare deduct-
ibles and other cost-sharing amounts due to secondary unin-
sured and underinsured patients, resulting in an increase in
uncollectible accounts.

65

We mitigated the impact of the ESRD PPS and the other legis-
lative initiatives referenced above with two broad measures.
First, we work with medical directors and treating physicians to
make clinical protocol changes used in treating patients con-
sistent with the QIP and good clinical practices, and we negoti-
ate pharmaceutical acquisition cost savings. In addition, we
achieved greater efficiencies and better patient outcomes by
introducing new initiatives to improve patient care upon initia-
tion of dialysis, increase the percentage of patients using home
therapies and achieve additional cost reductions in its clinics.

Moreover, constantly refined actuarial models are used to esti-
mate revenues and as a basis for a monitoring process that
evaluates actual experience and allows to develop interven-
tions for at risk patients to reduce hospitalizations and other
potentially avoidable medical expense, to improve quality out-
comes and to deliver reductions in total population cost of care.

Composition of our customer base

Our health care product business and our dialysis services busi
ness differ across the regions in which we operate. In many cases,
our products and services are paid, either directly or indirectly, by
government institutions. We believe the risk of default from a
government payor is generally low to moderate worldwide. How
ever, particularly in the event of a government shutdown signifi
cant payment delays could result even if it does not create a
default. On a country level, the payor base is characterized by dis
tinct customer or payor groups which can range in volume from a
few customers to a considerable amount of customer types which

have varying levels of risk associated with default or non- payment

of receivables as well as risks for dependencies based upon the
competition within low volume customer base environments. In
certain cases, a resulting dependency on the payment behavior
and decision-making of our business partners can affect the col
lectability of accounts receivable and can adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

Our measures aim to mitigate these risks by actively negotiating
long-term contracts with major customers, targeted marketing
activities, developing new product and pricing models as well as
improving the quality of our services and products. In addition,
outstanding receivables are closely monitored and followed up

as part of a comprehensive receivables management system.

Reimbursement by private insurers

In the U.S. a portion of the dialysis treatments is reimbursed by
private insurers and integrated care organizations; these reim
bursements are in general higher than the reimbursements of the
public health care systems. As a result, the payments we receive
from private payors contribute a substantial portion of our profit.
In 2022, approximately 43% of our consolidated Health Care ser
vices revenue were attributable to private payors in the North
America Segment. If these payors succeed in lowering reimburse
ment rates in the USA, change the extent or conditions of their
networks or if the portion of reimbursements by private insurers
in general drops, this could result in a significant reduction in our
revenue and operating profit. A portion of our business that is
currently reimbursed by private insurers or hospitals may become
reimbursed by integrated care organizations, which may use pay
ment methodologies that reduce reimbursement for our services.

Furthermore, the U.S. Supreme Courts recent ruling in Mari-
etta Memorial Hospital Employee Health Benefit Plan v. DaVita
Inc. will make it easier for health plans to design plan benefits
for Medicare eligible ESKD patients in a way that makes private
health insurance relatively less attractive to ESKD patients and
Medicare relatively more attractive. As a result, potential
efforts by employer group health plans and commercial insur-
ers to make dialysis reimbursement payments at a lower out-
of-network rate may reduce reimbursement for our services
or eliminate reimbursement for some of our services, particu-
larly if the U.S. Congress fails to enact proposed legislation that
would reverse the effects of that decision.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

In addition, as of January 1, 2021, for the first time, all ESRD
patients are eligible to enroll in Medicare Advantage plans. As a
result, some patients with commercial coverage, may elect to
move to Medicare Advantage plans which generally pay less
than other commercial plans.

A portion of our patients who are currently covered by private
insurers may be unable to continue to pay the premiums and
may become uninsured for dialysis services or elect to transi-
tion to government funded reimbursement programs that
reimburse us at lower rates for our services if legislative or reg-
ulatory efforts to restrict or eliminate the charitable funding of

patient insurance premiums are successful.

In addition, the health care insurance industry is experiencing
continuing consolidation among insurers and pharmacy benefit
managers, including increasing buyer power and impacts on
referral streams. This may have an adverse impact on our abil-
ity to negotiate favorable coverage terms and commercially
reasonable rates with such insurers.

We monitor the relationships with private health insurance
companies continuously and try to hedge the business through
long-term contracts to maintain profitability.

Health care reforms

A number of governments have been considering proposals to
modify their current health care systems to improve quality of
and access to health care and to control costs. Policymakers in
several countries are also considering reforms that could change
the methodology used to reimburse providers of health care
services. Furthermore, standards and regulations compulsory
for providing dialysis service can be subject to extensive changes.

In fiscal year 2022, we derived approximately 26% of our
worldwide revenue from Medicare and Medicaid reimburse-

66

ments in the U.S. Consequently, changes in legislation, inter-
pretation of government regulations by the courts or reim-
bursement practices regarding for example the End-Stage
Renal Disease Prospective Payment System (ESRD PPS), the
Physician Fee Schedule, the Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule,
and the Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment System could
influence the volume of Medicare and Medicaid reimburse-
ments for services provided and the insurance coverage.
Spending cuts pursuant to U.S. sequestration have also
adversely affected our operating results in the past and, with
the suspension during the Covid-19 pandemic having been
lifted, will continue to do so. Additionally, the termination of the
public health emergency in the U.S. originally declared in Janu-
ary 2020 with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic or state termi-
nation of Medicaid coverage that was expanded during the pub-
lic health emergency, among other consequences, could reduce
Medicaid coverage for many Americans, resulting in an increase

in the uninsured dialysis patient population.

A decrease in reimbursement rates, covered services or
changes to standards, regulations or state funding in countries
in which the Group operates, especially significant changes in
the U.S. Medicare and Medicaid programs could reduce our rev-
enue and profitability and have a material adverse effect on

our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In this context it might happen that the annually adjusted ESRD
PPS rates may not provide fully compensating reimbursement
for the services or products consumed during service. This
especially refers to the reimbursement of pharmaceuticals
depending on their status as outside of or as part of the bun-
dled rate. Pharmaceuticals included within the bundled rate
are subjected to increased reimbursement pressure. If we are
unable to secure appropriate reimbursement arrangements for
the pharmaceuticals we provide in our dialysis clinics, we could

experience a material adverse effect on our operating results.

Further, an increased utilization of bundled pharmaceuticals or

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

decreases in reimbursement for pharmaceuticals outside the
bundled rate may result in a material adverse impact on our
results of operations.

In the U.S., the previous administration publicly announced its
intention to pursue significant changes to existing health care
insurance programs. That administration s efforts to repeal or
replace the ACA were unsuccessful and the current U.S. Admin-
istration has stated its intention to maintain and strengthen the
ACA. In addition, options to restructure the Medicare program
in the direction of a defined-contribution, premium support
model and to shift Medicaid funding to a block grant or per cap-
ita arrangement, with greater flexibility for the states, are also
being considered.

In October 2017, the U.S. administration discontinued making
cost-sharing reduction (CSR) reimbursements to insurers, argu-
ing that Congress had failed to appropriate funding for them. In
response, many state departments of insurance (DOIs) either
allowed or required insurers to mitigate their losses by increas
ing the 2018 premiums on their ACA plans. Many insurers also
mitigated the impact to themselves by silver loading , a prac-
tice whereby the premiums for silver-level plans, which are the
most common health care plans under the ACA, were increased
to offset the loss of CSR payments. Silver loading may also have
mitigated the impact of premium increases to some low-income
consumers by increasing their premium tax credits. In 2019 and
2020, all states either permitted or required silver loading. In
2017, several insurers sued the U.S. federal government to rein
state CSR payments. On June 21, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court
denied requests from multiple insurers to review lower court
decisions that held they were not entitled to full unpaid CSR
payments. As a result, insurers are entitled to the unpaid CSRs,
but the total amount they are owed must be offset by any excess
premium tax credits received from premium increases for 2018
and beyond. The Biden Administration s budget request to Con
gress for FY 2023 included appropriations for CSR payments,
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

although the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023, which
will fund the federal government during FY 2023, did not include
specific CSR appropriations and we cannot predict, the extent
to which silver loading will continue or how the ongoing litiga
tion over the U.S. federal governments obligation to pay the
CSRs might be resolved. As a result, a reduction in the availabil-
ity of insurance through insurance exchanges established by
the ACA could reduce the number of our commercially insured
patients and shift such patients to Medicare and Medicaid.

Challenges of this nature could have significant effects on our
businesses, both positive and negative, but the outcomes are
impossible to predict.

We closely monitor legislative and regulatory developments
affecting the Company s businesses so that we are positioned
to act proactively as needed.

Risks relating to the Company s business
Growth

The health care industry experiences continuing consolidation
particularly among health care providers, as well as pressure on
reimbursement and increasing costs, which requires us to iden
tify both growth opportunities and efficiencies in the way we
operate. Continuing consolidation in our industry could adversely
affect our ability to find suitable acquisition targets and to
increase future growth and product sales. We also compete with
other health care companies in seeking suitable acquisition tar
gets and developing our core dialysis and non-core businesses.
Our ability to make future acquisitions as well as to develop our
core dialysis and non-core business depends, in part, on the
appropriate strategic target selection, the availability of finan
cial resources and the current restrictions imposed by competi-
tion laws. The integration of acquired businesses may cause
problems, for example by assuming unknown liabilities, under-

67

performance subsequent to integration, associated require-
ments from competition authorities or non-compliant business
practices not disclosed by the seller or not uncovered during due
diligence, any or all of which may result in incurring unantici
pated costs. Travel restrictions and restrictions on in-person
meetings imposed as precautions to deal with the COVID-19 pan-
demic limit our ability to conduct onsite due diligence, which
could increase the risk that non-compliant business practices or
other problems at companies we acquire will not be detected.

In order to respond to rising costs, especially in the face of eco-
nomic downturns and rising inflation, and to improve growth,
we announced the next stage in the implementation of our
strategy in November 2021: the transformation of our operat-
ing model into a significantly simplified future structure of two
global operating segments embodying a more centralized
approach (FME25 Program). The new global operating model
will enable the further consolidation of general and administra-
tive functions in our Company.

Failure to realize the expected cost savings from the FME25
Program within our announced timeframe could adversely
impact the market for our securities and availability of financ-
ing, which, in addition, could limit our future growth, including
growth in either our revenues or earnings within our health
care services and products businesses. The various effects of
the COVID-19 pandemic as well as an unprecedented labor mar-
ket situation, in particular in the U.S., could increase the uncer-
tainty regarding these estimates and assumptions. Any or all of
these factors generally could have an adverse effect on our

business, financial condition and results of operations.

For further information on the FME25 Program, see the section
Business Model in the chapter Overview of the Group and
the section FME25 in the chapter Outlook .

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

Competitors

We face numerous competitors in both our health care services
business and dialysis products business, some of which may
possess substantial financial, marketing or research and devel-
opment resources. Competition from new and existing compet-
itors and especially new competitive developments and innova-
tions in technology, pharmaceuticals and care delivery models
could materially adversely affect the future pricing and sale of
our products and services.

In particular, technological innovation has historically been a
significant competitive factor in the dialysis products business.
The introduction of new products or services by competitors
could qualify them for certain additional payments for new and
innovative equipment or render one or more of our products or

services less competitive or even obsolete, which could also,
among other items, affect our sales and distribution of phar-

maceuticals for which, to some extent, we are obligated to
make certain minimum annual royalty payments.

To ensure our permanent competitiveness, we work closely
together with physicians and scientists. Important technologi-
cal and pharmaceutical innovations are intended to be quickly
identified and further developed, if necessary also by adapting
our business strategy. Moreover, we secure our competitive-
ness by ongoing analyzes of our market environment as well as
the regulatory framework. The market activity, especially our
competitors products and newly launched dialysis-related
products are thoroughly monitored. The cooperation between

the various technical, medical and academic institutions within
our company also ensures our competitiveness, which is finally
further enhanced by our consequent execution of programs

devoted to cost saving and efficiency increase.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

Research and development

The development of new products and therapies proposes a
risk that the desired development goal will not be achieved or
achieved significantly later than planned. Costly and extensive
preclinical and clinical examinations are necessary until admis-
sion. All products, packaging, applications and technologies are
constantly and systematically monitored, tested and improved.
We address potential risks in the area of research and develop-
ment (R&D) by continually analyzing, evaluating and assessing
whether the R&D projects fit into our overall strategy. As a ver-
tically integrated company, we also benefit from direct contact
with our patients and medical professionals. Due to this close
proximity to the market, we have the potential to gather import-
ant information to develop and offer products and therapies
that meet the needs of our customers.

Referral practices

In providing services within our health care business, we
depend upon patients choosing our health care facilities as the
location for their care. Patients may select a facility based, in
whole or in part, on the recommendation of their physician.
Physicians and other clinicians typically consider a number of
factors when recommending a particular dialysis facility, dialy-
sis home program, pharmacy, physician practice, vascular sur-
gery center or cardiac catheterization center to an ESRD
patient, including, the quality of care, the competency of staff,
convenient scheduling, location and physical condition. Physi-
cians may change their recommendations, which may result in
the movement of new or existing patients to competing facili-
ties, including facilities established by the physicians them-
selves. At most of our dialysis clinics and home programs, a rel-
atively small number of physicians often account for the
referral of all or a significant portion of the patient base. We
have no ability to control these recommendations and refer-
rals. If a significant number of physicians or other referral

68

sources cease referring their patients to our facilities and home
programs or stop purchasing or prescribing our dialysis prod-
ucts, this would reduce our health care revenue and could
materially adversely affect our overall operations.

Intellectual property

One of the typical intellectual property risks faced by us is inad-
equate protection of sensitive knowledge in the form of patents
for technologies and products we developed. This means that
competitors could copy our products without incurring compa-
rable development costs. Moreover, a loss of sensitive knowl-
edge could occur due to industrial spying or insufficient
employee-non-compete restrictions. In addition, certain coun-
tries in which we market, manufacture or sell our products do
not have laws which protect our intellectual property to the
same degree as those in the U.S. or elsewhere and our compet-
itors may gain market position by designing products that
infringe upon our intellectual property rights. An inadequate
protection of our intellectual property could have an adverse
impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

In addition, we could infringe the patent of a competitor and
thus be liable for damages; this could result in a ban on us fur-
ther selling the affected product.

We mitigate the risks of inadequate protection of sensitive
knowledge by, among other things, stipulating employee-
compete-restrictions, where necessary, and by reviewing and
controlling access to certain information and areas within the
company. To avoid infringing patents of competitors standard-
ized monitoring and assessment processes are in place.

Procurement

Our business is dependent on the reliable supply of several raw
materials and finished components for production and service

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

purposes. If we are unable to obtain sufficient quantities of
these materials at times of limited availability of such materi-
als, this could result in delays in production or loss of sales and
hence have an adverse effect on our results of operations. The
Ukraine War has increased both the likelihood and potential
impact of these risks and exposures to varying degrees. In par-
ticular, the current, significant macroeconomic inflationary
environment, including materially increasing energy prices, has
resulted in and could continue to lead to, among other conse-
quences, material increases in costs for energy, supplies and
transportation. Our implemented countermeasures may not
offset a significant increase in prices which could result in an
adverse effect on our results of operations going forward. A
continued disruption or discontinuation of energy supplies, for
example from Russia, may increase these impacts and could
have additional material adverse effects on our business such
as a potential closure of certain of our production sites or sig-
nificantly increased costs incurred due to a switch to alterna-
tive energy sources. These disruptions in supply, coupled with
labor shortages, labor cost increases and heightened COVID-19-
related employee absenteeism and turnover, have resulted and
could continue to result in a negative impact on our business
which may also expose us to legal liability in the delivery of our
goods and services. Similarly, price increases by suppliers
(including inflation impacts) and the inability to access new
products or technology could also adversely affect our results
of operations. In certain necessary cases products are obtained
from a sole supplier. A failure of such a supplier could adversely
affect our ability to manufacture, distribute or sell our products
in a timely or cost-effective manner. Due to the stringent regu-
lations and requirements of regulatory agencies we may not be
able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources.

Our purchasing strategy is aimed at developing partnerships
with strategic suppliers through long-term contracts and at the

same time ensuring, where reasonably practicable, that we
have at least two sources for all supply and _price-critical
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

primary products (dual sourcing, multiple sourcing). To prevent
loss of suppliers, we monitor our supplier relationships on a
regular basis. Suppliers which are integral to our procurement
functions are also subject to performance and risk analyses as
well as continuous supply chain monitoring. Through our cost
monitoring and cost savings initiatives, including inventory
management, constant market analyses, a demands-based
design of supplier-relationships and -contracts, as well as the
use of financial instruments, we seek to mitigate disruptive
goods shortages and potential price increases and to provide
access to new product and technology developments.

Personnel

Our continued growth in the health care business will depend
upon the ability to attract and retain a skilled workforce, includ-
ing highly skilled nurses, technicians and other medical person-
nel. We have seen unprecedented challenges in the labor mar-
ket, in particular in the U.S., which continue to impact our
growth, specifically in U.S. health care services where labor con-
straints have affected our ability to increase treatment vol-
umes. Our health care products business depends on the devel-
opment of new products, technologies and treatment concepts
to be competitive, and for that we need to attract the best and
most talented people, especially in research and development.
Competition for those employees is intense and shortages for
these sought-after employees, such as nurses or skilled engi
neers and research and development personnel as well as
increased reliance on contracted nurses and other personnel,
have increased our personnel and recruiting costs and may con
tinue to do so and/or could impair our reputation for production
of technologically advanced products. Greater employee absen-
teeism, turnover and longer recruiting cycles as an effect from
the COVID-19 pandemic further contributed and may continue
to contribute to the experienced shortages in personnel as well
as the increased personnel costs. Additionally, evolving guide
lines and requirements regarding vaccine mandates for our

69

employees may have an impact on our ability to attract and
retain qualified clinical personnel. Moreover, we consider that
future success in the provider business depends on the ability to
attract and retain qualified physicians to serve as employees of
or consultants to our health care services businesses. In addi
tion, effective execution of our strategy will depend upon our
ability to attract suitable candidates for leadership roles, includ-

ing open positions in our executive leadership team.

Additionally, in recruiting, employing and retaining personnel
we may be exposed to increasing risks relating to various labor
and staffing laws, legislative, union or other labor-related activ-
ities or changes. These factors could also impact the integra-
tion of acquired companies into our operations, which could
increase our costs, decrease our productivity and prevent us
from realizing synergies from acquisitions. If we are unable to
manage the risks mentioned, then our growth and results of
operations could be adversely impacted.

We address potential risks in the area of Personnel by further
developing our recruiting and retention strategies, by continu-
ing our training and development measures for employees and
by having an adequate succession planning in place.

Corruption and fraud

We operate many facilities and engage with other business
associates to help us carry out our health care activities. In
such widespread, global operations, it is difficult to maintain
the desired level of oversight and control over the thousands of
persons employed by many affiliated companies and its busi-
ness associates. Training, oversight and compliance programs
cannot ensure protection from deliberate, reckless or inadver-
tent acts of employees or third-party intermediaries that
violate our compliance policies or anti-corruption laws. Such
violations could disrupt our business and result in a material
adverse effect on results of operations or financial condition.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

Beginning in 2012, we received certain communications alleg-
ing conduct in countries outside the United States that might
violate the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) or other
anti-bribery laws. We conducted investigations with the assis-
tance of outside counsel and, in a continuing dialogue, advised
the SEC and the United States Department of Justice (DOJ)
about these investigations. The DOJ and the SEC also con-
ducted their own investigations, in which we cooperated.

In the course of this dialogue, we identified and reported to the
DOJ and the SEC, and took remedial actions with respect to,
conduct that resulted in the DOJ and the SEC seeking mone-
ary penalties including disgorgement of profits and other rem-
edies. This conduct revolved principally around the Company s
products business in countries outside the United States. On
March 29, 2019, we entered into a non-prosecution agreement
with the DOJ and a separate agreement with the SEC intended
o resolve fully and finally the U.S. government allegations
against us arising from the investigations. The Monitor certi-
fied to our implementation of an effective anti-corruption com-

pliance program on December 30, 2022, and submitted her
final certification report on January 31, 2023. Subject to a
review of that report, the DOJ and SEC will accept or reject the
Monitor s certification. Assuming certification is accepted, the
non-prosecution agreement and SEC Order are expected to ter-
minate on March 31, 2023.

In 2015, we self-reported to the German prosecutor conduct
with a potential nexus to Germany and continued to cooperate
with government authorities in Germany in their review of the
conduct that prompted our and the United States government
investigations.

Since 2012, we have made and continue to make further signif-
icant investments in our compliance and financial controls and
in our compliance, legal and financial organizations. Our reme-
dial actions included separation from those employees respon-
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

sible for the above-mentioned conduct. We are dealing with
post-FCPA review matters on various levels. We continue to be
fully committed to compliance with the FCPA and other appli-

cable anti-bribery laws.

Further information on these investigations can be found in
NOTE 22 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Information systems and business processes

As we continue to grow and introduce more international oper-
ations, our processes are increasingly complex. Accordingly, we
are more and more dependent on information and communica-
tion technologies and -systems to structure our processes and
harmonize them between different regions. An insufficient
design of those systems and business processes as well as
insufficient resources could lead to non-availability of certain
information, causing inefficient workflows, deficient internal
and external communication and intransparencies regarding
operations. A breakdown of these systems could temporarily
lead to standstill of parts of our provider and product business

and consequently cause heavy damages.

Additionally, cyber-attacks or privacy and data breaches
regarding both our internal systems as well as systems of third-
party service providers could result in the misappropriation or
compromise of sensitive information. We and our third-party
service providers gather and handle sensitive personal infor-
mation of our patients as well as financial data in many regions
of the world and thus need to adhere to various data protection
and privacy regulations. Increased reliance on, and utilization
of, telemedicine for delivery of health care services could also
increase this risk. Furthermore, the intensified political con-
frontation with Russia as a result of the Russian invasion of
Ukraine has increased the risk of cyber-attacks against our sys-
tems and data. Any loss, impermissible use, access or disclo-
sure of this sensitive information or non-compliance with data

70

protection and privacy related laws, regulations and standards
could threat our position in competition, our reputation as well
as our ability to continue normal operations.

Our IT systems have been attacked in the past, resulting, in one
case, in certain patient data being illegally published. When
appropriate, we have filed complaints against the unknown
attackers with the relevant authorities and we contacted the
patients who were affected by the illegal data publication as
well as other relevant regulatory agencies and stakeholders.
Furthermore, we intensified our efforts to implement response
measures, which include for example network monitoring for
suspicious activity, endpoint threat protection and improve-
ments in the back-up and data loss recovery plans. There was
no material impact to the financial condition and results of
operations as a result of these attacks.

Using our Information Security Management System (ISMS),
which is based on the internationally recognized security stan-
dard ISO 27002, our security guidelines and processes are
enhanced continuously. Business data is backed up regularly
and disaster recovery plans, which are regularly tested and
improved, are in place. We operate data centers at geographi-
cally separate locations to maximize the availability and data
security of IT systems. A mirrored infrastructure that creates a
copy of critical systems is in use. In general, we continue to
enhance our internal information and reporting systems to
ensure that their structure meets evolving needs. In addition, a
comprehensive IT and cybersecurity strategy has been estab-
lished with an implementation plan of initiatives to address
gaps and improve our overall cybersecurity risk posture.

Furthermore, among others, company guidelines relating to
data protection and privacy, which also regulate the assign-
ment of access rights and third-party collaboration, must be
considered, trainings for employees are conducted and gover-
nance structures are continuously adapted. Compliance is

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

monitored with controls including those relating to Section
404 of SOX. Operational and security audits are carried out
every year both internally and by external auditors.

The existing IT security architecture with different layers of
security measures protects the systems in our data centers.
The access to sensitive or critical data from outside of the
secured data center networks is protected by the usage of
secure protocols and cryptographic measures. Besides that,
annual penetration tests for applications with critical data (for
example patient or personnel data) are conducted.

Other risks
Liquidity and financing

The liquidity risk is defined as the risk that a company is poten -
tially unable to meet its financial obligations or to fund other pur -
poses. Our Management Board manages the liquidity of the Group

by means of effective working capital and cash management as

well as an anticipatory evaluation of refinancing alternatives. Our
Management believes that existing credit facilities, cash flow from
operating activities and additional short-term borrowings are suf -
ficient to meet our foreseeable demand for liquidity.

Furthermore, inadequate indebtedness could jeopardize the
successful execution of our business strategy, increase our vul-
nerability to general adverse economic conditions as well as
limit our ability to maintain our Investment Grade rating and
obtain necessary financing. A deterioration of our current rat-
ing could lead to a reintroduction of financial covenants, could
limit our financial flexibility, increase our financing costs or
limit access to funding. Potential adverse effects described in
other risk areas could increase the possibility of a rating down-
grade. At December 31, 2022, respectively December 31, 2021,
the Group had financial debt and lease liabilities of !13.21 BN
respectively !13.32 BN.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

Our measures aim to mitigate these risks by executing a pru-
dent financial policy that includes the early refinancing of
upcoming maturities, the active and conservative management
of financial headroom and maintaining a balanced debt matu-
rity profile.

Currencies and interests

Geopolitical factors such as the Ukraine War as well as the
impact from hyperinflationary economies in Turkiye, Argentina
and Lebanon, could intensify fluctuations in exchange rates,
currency devaluations, and/or material increases in interest
rates, for example, as a reaction from central banks to high

inflation, any of which could adversely affect profitability.

We actively manage foreign currency and interest rate expo-
sures that are part of our normal business activities. Risk man-
agement procedures for foreign currencies and interest rate
exposures are based on strategies defined and, if necessary,
adapted in close cooperation with the Management Board,
including, for example, guidelines that cover all steps and levels
of the risk management process. They define responsibilities
for the determination of risks, the careful use of financial
instruments for hedging purposes and for accurate financial
reporting. The use of derivative instruments is restricted to
micro hedges which are used in order to hedge exposures that
arise in the ordinary course of business. We do not enter into
transactions for trading or other speculative purposes. We
enter into transactions with banks, which generally have rat-
ings in a minimum required category or better. The effective-
ness of the hedging relationships of the hedging instruments
and the hedged items is tested on a quarterly basis.

We enter into derivatives, particularly interest rate swaps and
to a certain extent, interest rate options to protect against the

risk of rising interest rates. These interest rate derivatives are
designated as cash flow hedges and have been entered into in

71

order to effectively convert payments based on variable inter-
est rates into payments at a fixed interest rate. On December
31, 2022, no interest rate swaps were in place.

Derivative foreign currency contracts are entered into for the
purpose of limiting the exchange rate exposure from sales and
purchases as well as lendings and borrowings between our sub-
sidiaries located in different countries and reporting in differ-
ent currencies. A large portion of the transaction exposures
arise from sales of products from our subsidiaries in the euro
region to other international business units. The aggregate
notional amount of foreign currency hedge contracts as of
December 31, 2022, was !1,613 M, primarily for hedging Euro
exposure to the U.S. dollar and various other currencies. Eco-
nomic hedges, which we use, are accounted for as recognized
hedges in the consolidated financial statements, when neces-

sary.

The estimation and quantification of transaction risks from for-
eign currencies is determined according to the statistical risk
measure Cash Flow at Risk (CFaR). CFaR indicates the maxi-
mum amount of a potential loss of the forecasted foreign
exchange cash flow of the next twelve months that occurs with

a probability of 95%. As of December 31, 2022, our CFaR
amounts to !37.0 M.

To mitigate our counterparty risks we are also monitoring the
probability of default of our counterparties and have constantly
reviewed bank deposit limits in place.

Further information on market, default and liquidity risks is
included in note 23 of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

Litigation and other exposures

Risks associated with investigations and litigations are contin-
uously identified, assessed and reported within the Company.
We are involved in various legal proceedings and investigations
resulting from our business operations. A negative outcome of
these legal proceedings or investigations leading to legal pro-
ceedings could have an adverse impact on our financial condi-
tion and results of operations.

External legal consulting support is always used to defend us
against risks associated with litigations. If necessary account-

ing measures like accruals are used.

For the matters in which we believe a loss is both reasonably
possible and assessable, an estimate of the loss or range of loss
exposure is provided in NOTE 22 of the notes to the consoli-
dated financial statements. For other proceedings the Com-
pany believes that the loss probability is remote and/or the loss

or range of possible losses cannot be reasonably estimated at

this time.

For details on ongoing proceedings and further information on
material legal risks to which we are exposed, reference is made
to NOTE 22 of the notes to the consolidated financial state-
ments.

Taxes

We are subject to ongoing tax audits in the U.S., Germany and
other jurisdictions. We could potentially receive notices of unfa-
vorable adjustments and disallowances in connection with cer-

tain of these audits. If we are unsuccessful in contesting unfa-

vorable determinations we could be required to make additional

tax payments, which could have a material adverse impact on

our business, financial condition and results of operations in
the relevant reporting period.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

In general, tax-relevant issues are, as necessary, coordinated
with internal tax experts regarding compliance with applicable
tax laws. If necessary, statements and opinions by external con-
sultants are obtained to minimize tax risks. In addition, we
monitor our tax planning strategies to be in line with imple-
mented internal policies and external tax regulations.

Further information on current tax-relevant issues can be
found in NOTE 22 of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

Global operations

We operate dialysis clinics in around 50 countries and sell a
range of equipment, products and services to customers in
around 150 countries. Our global operations are subject to a
number of risks, including but not limited to the following:

The economic and political situation in certain countries
could deteriorate, become unstable or lead to armed con
flicts, as exemplified by the Ukraine War.

We could face difficulties in enforcing and collecting
accounts receivable under some countries legal systems.
Local regulations could restrict our ability to obtain a direct
ownership interest in dialysis clinics or other operations.
Some countries or economic unions may impose charges or
restrictions, such as local content requirements, which
restrict the importation of our products; or give local manu
facturers an advantage in tenders or provide large discounts
to providers for certain purchases of our products;

Potential increases in tariffs and trade barriers could occur
upon any withdrawal by the United States or other countries
from unions, including the exit from major multilateral trade
agreements or the imposition of sanctions, retaliatory
tariffs and other countermeasures in the wake of trade dis
putes, geopolitical conflicts and wars in certain regions (for
example the Ukraine War).

72

We could experience transport delays or interruptions.
International growth and expansion into emerging markets
could cause us difficulty due to greater regulatory barriers
than in the United States or Western Europe, the necessity
of adapting to new regulatory systems, and problems related
to entering new markets with different economic, social,
legal and political systems and conditions.

We may not prevail in competitive contract tenders.

We conduct humanitarian-related business and provide life-sus-
taining health care products and services directly or indirectly in
sanctioned countries. We believe our humanitarian-related busi-
ness is permitted by applicable sanctions regimes (or, in some
cases is excluded from such regimes), and in light of the human-
itarian nature of our products and services and the patient com-
munities that benefit from our products, we expect to continue
such activities, provided they continue to be permissible under
or excluded from applicable export control and economic sanc
tions laws and regulations. However, violation of applicable eco-
nomic sanctions or export controls laws and regulations, could
subject us to enforcement actions, which vary between jurisdic-
tions and depend on the factual circumstances of the given
violation, but could include criminal penalties, imprisonment of
responsible individuals, administrative or civil penalties,
restricted access to certain markets and reputational harm,
among others.

Our internal control policies and procedures may not protect us
from deliberate, reckless or inadvertent acts of our employees
or agents that contravene our compliance policies or violate
applicable laws.

Any one or more of these or other factors relevant to global
operations could increase our costs, reduce revenues, or dis-
rupt operations, with possible material adverse effects on our
business and financial condition.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

Developments of this nature are continuously monitored and
analyzed and response measures like the extension of local
production capacities, the adaptation of product designs, orga-
nizational changes and various others are set in place based on
case-by-case decisions. Furthermore, a global trade gover-
nance compliance program is in place in order to ensure adher-
ence to trade-related regulations such as export controls, trade
sanctions and customs.

Unpredictable events

We operate dialysis facilities or manufacturing facilities in
many regions of the world, with diverse geographic, societal,
political and economic conditions. Events such as natural disas-
ters, terrorist attacks, political instability, epidemics or pan-
demics from, for example, virus infections as well as other
unforeseeable events, could affect our services and our ability
to deliver in a limited time and place.

Through forward-looking planning and prevention programs,
we are trying to limit possible effects of such events already in
advance. To maintain operations in the event of an onset and to
reduce potential impact on our patients and the organization,
we have spare capacity and safety stock of certain resources as
well as emergency and recovery plans in place. Residual risks
are eventually covered when possible and expedient by taking
out insurance.

Global economic conditions and disruptions
in financial markets

We are dependent on the conditions of the financial markets
and the global economy. In order to pursue our business, we
are reliant on capital, as are our renal product customers and

commercial health care insurers. Limited or more expensive
access to capital in the financial markets could adversely affect
our business and profitability. Inflationary cost increases have
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

also had and may continue to have an unfavorable effect on our
business, especially if the prices and reimbursement rates for
our products and services remain unchanged or do not ade-
quately track against cost increases.

Among other things, the potential decline in federal and state
revenues may create additional pressures to contain or reduce
reimbursements for our services from public payors around the
world, including Medicare, Medicaid in the U.S. and other gov-
ernment sponsored programs in the U.S. and other countries
around the world.

Job losses or increases in unemployment rates may result in a
smaller percentage of our patients being covered by employer
group health plans and a larger percentage being covered by
lower paying government reimbursement programs. To the
extent that public and private payors are negatively impacted by

a decline in the economy, we may experience further pressure on
commercial rates, a further slowdown in collections and a reduc
tion in the amounts we expect to collect. These developments as
well as devaluations of currencies, unfavorable interest rate
changes and worsening economic conditions, uncertainty arising
from the Ukraine War regarding a possible deterioration of the
global macroeconomic outlook, including inflationary cost
increases in various markets in connection with deteriorating
country credit ratings also increase the risk of a goodwill impair
ment, which could lead to a partial or total goodwill write-off in
the affected cash generating units, or have a negative impact on
our investments and external partnerships. Furthermore, these
factors could also adversely affect the valuations of certain of our
investments as well as interest rate-sensitive assets or liabilities.

In addition, these developments may have adverse effects in
other risk areas like U.S. federal health care programs, health
care reforms, reimbursement by private insurers, liquidity and
financing, currencies and interest, personnel as well as pro-
curement and are reflected in the respective assessments.

73

Furthermore, the global spread of the COVID-19 pandemic has
resulted in a material deterioration of the conditions for the
global economy and financial markets have been materially
and adversely affected. The extent to which the COVID-19 pan-
demic continues to impact our business, results of operations
and financial condition will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.

Any or all of the above mentioned factors, or other conse-
quences of the continuation, or worsening, of domestic and
global economic conditions which cannot currently be pre-
dicted, could continue to have an adverse effect on our busi-
nesses and results of operations.

COVID-19

Going forward, the prolonged effects attributable to the
COVID-19 pandemic may continue to have an adverse impact
on our operations and increase our expenses, including as a
result of impacts associated with preventive and precaution
ary measures that we, our suppliers, customers and other
businesses or governments continue to implement or impose
on a local, regional, national or international level.

Given the already compromised health condition of typical dialy
sis patients, our patients represent a heightened at-risk popula
tion. Increased mortality rates in either the pre-ESRD patient
population or in our ESRD patient population compared to their
historical averages continued to materially and adversely affect
our operating results in 2022. Patients suffering from ESRD gen
erally have co-morbidities which has resulted, and may continue
to result, in more of our dialysis patients requiring hospitalization.
One key driver of such continuing adverse effects is the emer
gence of new variants. Also, it appears that COVID-19 has resulted
in an increase in persons experiencing temporary renal failure in
many areas in which we operate. We expect to continue to experi
ence additional staffing shortages as well as incur additional

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

staffing costs, required to meet the resulting increased demand
for dialysis treatment and/or to provide equipment and medical
staff needed for emergency treatments, for example in hospitals.
We experienced negative effects through 2022 and expect to
experience additional and unpredictable expenses and possible
lower patient growth in the immediately foreseeable future.

In addition, to the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely
affects our business, net assets, financial condition and results
of operations, it could also have adverse effects in other risk
areas described in this report which is reflected in the respec-
tive assessments.

As one reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic, a crisis response
team has been established and protocol responses were imple-
mented to address the issues related to patient care and
employee safety. Furthermore, operational changes were made

to ensure continued supply of clinical materials and programs
were modified to assist direct patient care providers.

ESG requirements

Our companies ESG activities are facing increased scrutiny from
stakeholders such as institutional and other investors, regula-
tory bodies and non-governmental organizations (NGOs). Failure
to effectively identify, carry out and manage the necessary sus-
tainability activities as required or expected, as well as effectu-
ally manage the impact of factors beyond our control, could
cause us to incur additional costs or damage our brand. We
could also be subject to financial and other penalties imposed by
the respective authorities in the jurisdictions in which we do
business. In addition, a rise in prices for carbon emission rights
stemming from the requirements of the European Climate Law
could increase production costs. Cost increases could narrow
our profit margins and have a material impact on our operations
if we do not accurately plan for and efficiently implement the
necessary sustainable business practices.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

In addition to environmental risks, we also face several social
risks. Our continued growth in the health care business depends
on the ability to attract and retain a skilled workforce, including
highly skilled nurses and other medical personnel. Competition
for those employees is intense and shortages for these
sought-after employees could potentially lead to the closure of
some clinics and the inability to treat parts of our patients. For
further information on personnel risks, see the risk area
Personnel above.

Furthermore, companies are increasingly expecting their sup-
pliers to share their commitment to sustainability and demon-
strate sustainable business practices across their supply
chains, including the ability to identify and mitigate risks
related to human rights in their entire value chain. If we fail to
comply with our legal obligations related to supply chain due
diligence, we could face significant fines and be excluded from
public tenders and contracts. We could also suffer reputational
damage, especially given that our performance in this area is
closely monitored by NGOs, investors and others.

In light of these expectations, among other aspects, we have
incorporated sustainability as a performance target for the com-
pensation of our Management Board. Should management fail to
meet these outcomes, investors and/or debt providers may not
deem us the correct fit for their investment or financing pur
poses, thereby negatively impacting our share price or our abil-
ity to source funding through debt financing. Our !2 BN syndi-
cated multicurrency sustainability-linked revolving credit facility
agreement, which serves as a backup facility, includes a sustain-
ability component, pursuant to which the credit facility s margin
will rise or fall depending on our sustainability performance.

A heightened focus on ESG topics may result in more extensive
regulatory requirements aimed at mitigating the effects of cli-
mate change and other current and future ESG concerns.
Should further regulation or stakeholder expectations be more

74

stringent in the future, we may experience increased compli-
ance burdens and costs to meet regulatory obligations and we
cannot currently estimate what impact existing and future reg-
ulations will have on our business, financial condition and

results of operations.

We have set up a central department for sustainability, imple-
mented governance-concepts for material topics and com-

pleted our global sustainability program at the end of 2022 to

address the above-mentioned risks. For the upcoming years we

have defined new sustainability targets. In addition, cross-func-
tional working groups were established to work on the imple-
mentation of new regulations, such as the German supply chain

due diligence law.

Changes in the risk situation

We operate in a constantly changing environment. Accordingly,
the risk situation is also subject to constant change. Regarding
the classification of single risks in terms of probability and
potential impact, the following significant changes occurred
compared to the previous year:

One-year period:

The risk from Research and development (9) is now considered
a medium risk from a short-term perspective mainly due to an
increase in capitalized product development projects.

The risk from Unpredictable events (21) is now considered a
medium risk from a short-term perspective as an increased
instability in certain regions, for example resulting from the
Ukraine-War, elevates risks with respect to potential disrup-
tions of our production or our services, for example due to an

insufficient energy supply.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

The risk from Global economic conditions and disruptions in
financial markets (22) is now considered a medium risk from a
short-term perspective as the potential impact expanded
mainly due to inflationary tendencies and interest rate

increases.
Five-year period:

The risk from Global Operations (20) is now considered a
medium risk from a mid-term perspective mainly due to impli-
cations and potential adverse effects from the Ukraine-War
with respect to business continuity in individual countries as
well as restrictions imposed on trade regarding the involved

countries.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

OPPORTUNITIES MANAGEMENT
Opportunities Management System

As a vertically integrated dialysis company we are able to iden-
tify industry-specific trends and requirements along our value
drivers as well as the resultant opportunities at an early stage
and gear our actions to them. We also perform comprehensive
quantitative and qualitative analyses to enable us to capture
business opportunities. This involves systematically evaluating
relevant market data, closely examining research projects and
taking general social trends into consideration. Our analyses
focus on general economic, industry-specific, regional and local
developments as well as regulatory changes. In addition, our
strategy and planning departments and the managers of other
divisions cooperate closely to allow us to identify global oppor-
tunities as early as possible.

Opportunities

Fresenius Medical Care offers almost all of the products and
services that seriously and chronically ill patients require
across the renal care continuum. Our network of 4,116 dialysis
clinics in around 50 countries is the largest of its kind in the
world. As a result, we possess valuable dialysis expertise that
is unique in the industry. Thanks to this wealth of experience,
we know that high quality is not only the key to a better quality
of life for patients, but can also make a significant contribution
to reducing the costs of health care. In this context, we see
vast opportunities in digitalization, which offers us new possi
bilities in kidney therapy, especially in the field of telemedicine
and home dialysis. Digital enablement allows us to personalize
therapeutic options more quickly. By applying analytics, artifi
cial intelligence (AD) and machine learning and predictive mod-
els, we can create actionable insights for better patient care
and thereby improve therapy outcomes and economics. In the
long-term regenerative medicine will open up major opportu

75

nities, especially in the area of cell therapies, tissue engineer-
ing and transplants.

Based on this understanding and our business model, major
opportunities arise that could have a positive impact on the
results of operations, financial position and net assets of
Fresenius Medical Care as things stand today. Unless otherwise
stated, the opportunities mentioned apply to all segments.

Industry-specific opportunities
Growth in patient numbers and demographic development

The increasing demand for dialysis products and services due

to the rise in dialysis patients is a substantial opportunity for

us. According to estimates, the number of people worldwide

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

suffering from chronic kidney failure and requiring dialysis
treatment is rising at a rate of around 3% to 6% annually. It
is expected to reach around 4.0
than 6.5 M by 2033 ( SEE CHART 2.37 ). Social trends play a role
in this increase in patient numbers. In Europe and the U.S. in

M patients in 2023 and more

particular, they include the aging population and the increas -
ing incidence of diabetes and hypertension, two illnesses that
frequently precede the onset of chronic kidney failure. In
developing and emerging countries, the growing population

and steadily improved access to dialysis as a result of increas -
ing wealth are key factors that further boost demand for dial -
ysis products and services. We want to continue to make a
significant contribution to meeting this demand in the future.

c 2.37 NUMBER OF DIALYSIS PATIENTS WORLDWIDE — FORECAST TO 2033

INM

1995 2000 2005 2010

x

&

Source: Internal estimates Internal estimates

2033: over 6.5 M dialysis patients
2

2015 2020 2025 2030 2033

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

Changes in legal and political conditions

Whether private companies are allowed to offer dialysis treat-
ment and in what form depends on a country s health care sys-
tem and its legal framework. For Fresenius Medical Care, oppor-
tunities arise to tap into new markets or to expand its market
share whenever a country opens up to private dialysis provid-
ers. This decision is also increasingly influenced by the follow-
ing factors:

Health care systems are under pressure to deliver ever more
comprehensive medical care (longer life expectancy,
increase in concomitant diseases, health care provision still
being established).

Dialysis is a complex, life-sustaining procedure, which places
high demands on health care systems in terms of expertise
and efficiency. Therefore, public health care providers are
increasingly collaborating with private providers to find
solutions.

Growing demand for holistic, value- and risk-based
health care

As a result of increasing cost pressure and the growing number
of patients, demand for holistic and value- and risk-based
health care concepts for patients with chronic kidney failure is
evolving worldwide. Value-oriented models are changing the
role of health care providers: In systems of this kind, we not
only offer dialysis but also take responsibility for the patient s
medical well-being beyond dialysis. We believe this is a substan-
tial opportunity beyond dialysis patient growth.

Value- and risk-based health care models help to deliver high-
er-quality treatment and better results at a lower cost. The aim
here is to establish sustainable partnerships with payors
around the world with the aim of driving forward the transition
from fee-for-service payment to pay-for-performance models.

76

We have supported this development from the start, because
we know the needs of our dialysis patients best. We have com-
bined the coordination of all aspects of medical care in our
other health care services business. This encompasses all ser-
vices that help us to offer our dialysis patients treatment across

the renal care continuum.

In 2019, the U.S. President signed an Executive Order on
advancing kidney health. Among other things, it directs the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to develop new
Medicare reimbursement models. One of these, the ESRD
Treatment Choices Model (ETC Model), is mandatory and cre
ates financial as well as other incentives for home dialysis
treatments and kidney transplants. The model went into effect
January 1, 2021 and provides fundamental opportunities for
expanding home dialysis and kidney transplants, particularly
in the U.S.

Another value-based care model is the new Kidney Care
Choices model offered by the Center for Medicare and Medic
aid Innovation (CMMI). This includes the CKCC option for Medi-
care beneficiaries with late-stage CKD and end-stage renal dis-
ease that came into effect as of January 1, 2022. It is designed

to reduce Medicare expenditures while preserving or enhanc-
ing the quality of care for patients with advanced renal dis-
ease. Participants deliver coordinated, cost-effective care and
receive payment based on the risk assumed. As we are dedi-
cated to being a leader in value-based care, we participate in
the CKCC model and we will help manage care by providing
specialized education and support services to slow the pro
gression of kidney disease, increase preemptive transplants,
and increase the prevalence of a planned start to life-sustain-

ing treatment.

To further expand its leading position in value-based care,
Fresenius Medical Care created the premier value-based kidney
care provider in the U.S. by completing the business combina-

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

tion including InterWell Health, Fresenius Health Partners and
Cricket Health. The new company, which operates under the
InterWell Health brand, was fully consolidated by Fresenius
Medical Care as majority owner and brings together Fresenius
Health Partners expertise in kidney care value-based contract-
ing and performance, InterWell Healths clinical care models
and strong network of 1,700 nephrologists and Cricket Health s
tech-enabled care model that utilizes its proprietary informat-
ics and patient engagement platforms to create an innovative,
stand-alone entity poised to transform kidney care.

Expansion of home dialysis

If patient numbers grow as strongly as anticipated, cost pres-
sure continues to rise and clinics reach full capacity, home ther-
apies are expected to take on a more important role in dialysis,
not only as a result of the ETC Model. This development could
be advantageous for Fresenius Medical Care, as it presents us
with growth opportunities. We offer a host of different products
and innovative solutions for home dialysis. With NxStage prod-
ucts and solutions for home dialysis, we offer a comprehensive
product portfolio for home dialysis. Digital solutions in the field
of telehealth and applications underpin our plans and are
essential to be able to offer this form of therapy to more peo-
ple. We focus firmly on the needs of our patients by presenting
them with the widest possible range of therapy options. This
gives them the freedom to choose what form of treatment is
currently best for them. Self-determination is a key pillar of our
vision to improve our patients quality of life. In the U.S. in par-
ticular, home dialysis is becoming increasingly important. In
2022, around 15% of all dialysis patients in the U.S. were
treated in a home setting. Based on its strategic business plan-
ning, Fresenius Medical Care holds on its aspirational target for
the further expansion of home dialysis: By 2025, the company
aims to perform 25% of all treatments in the U.S. at home.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report

Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

Opportunities related to
our business operations

New products and technologies

Developing innovative products and technologies that deliver
lasting added value for patients and remuneration systems
right up until they are market-ready is another crucial factor in
our long-term success. We advance dialysis-related innovations
through our in-house research and development activities. In
addition, we are able to enhance existing products ourselves
and adapt them to the markets in which we operate. We will
continue to add innovative products and technologies to our
range in the future to capture growth opportunities and meet
the demand for integrated care as effectively as possible.

New forms of kidney therapy through digitalization

We aim to develop new forms of kidney therapy with the help of
digital technologies such as artificial intelligence, the Internet
of Things and use of Big Data. In North America, for example, we
collect over one terabyte of patient data every day to calculate
risk models and forecast multiple treatment paths. This data
enables us to assess the health of each patient more effectively.
We can use the information not only to reduce negative out
comes for patients, but also to make costs, clinical workflows,
production and development processes more efficient.

As part of its growth strategy, Fresenius Medical Care is using
digital technologies and the capability to analyze huge amounts
of data to develop new forms of renal therapy. The information
will be used to potentially make a diagnosis earlier, slow the
progressive course of chronic kidney disease and enable inter-
vention with new innovative therapies. Frenova s new genomic
registry will contain genetic sequencing data from chronic kid-
ney disease patients worldwide, which will be used by research-
ers to improve the understanding of kidney disease. Remnant

77

samples of blood will be stored from samples already taken
monthly from end-stage kidney disease patients which will be
used for genomic analysis. As the program expands to include
individuals not on dialysis, samples of blood or saliva may be
used for the same information. By combining clinical and
genetic sequencing data from ethnically, demographically, geo-
graphically and pathologically diverse participants, this invalu-
able resource will help scientists better understand how genetic
variations in patients can lead to more precise diagnoses and
therapies that help improve outcomes by individualizing care,

known as Precision Medicine.

COVID-19 in particular, has prompted a significant acceleration
in the implementation of digital projects in telehealth and inte-
grated health care. They are key to our ability to increase the
share of home dialysis. We have already taken important steps
with Kinexus, a digital solution that comprehensively connects
our devices and our digital hubs for patients, providers and
care teams. In addition, we are digitalizing numerous business
processes to provide even better support for those working
from home. This offers us greater flexibility at a lower cost.

Disruptive treatment options
through regenerative medicine

We are investing in promising technologies and research
approaches in the field of regenerative medicine, which we
hope will present us with new, increasingly disruptive treat-
ment options in the long term. The focus here is on cell thera-
pies, tissue engineering and transplants. As a result of our
investment in Humacyte, we expect our patients to have fewer
complications, infections and surgical procedures. Humacyte
grows blood vessels from donated muscle cells in a bioreactor.
Depending on the results of research trials, these blood vessels
could provide safer and more stable vascular access and reduce
catheter contact time for hemodialysis patients in the future.
Beyond its use for dialysis access, the human acellular vessel

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

(HAV) is also promising for treating peripheral arterial occlu-
sive disease (PAOD) and traumas.

Fresenius Medical Care holds further participations in the field
of regenerative medicine through Unicyte AG and Fresenius
Medical Care Ventures GmbH. These have enabled us to expand
our range of treatments in this area, particularly in the early
phases of chronic kidney disease. In addition, we have made
substantial progress in the field of transplants through
eGenesis, a company that has developed a multiplex platform
based on the CRISPR/Cas9 technology. We expect this approach
to enable safe and effective xenotransplantation, for example
from pigs to humans.

Thanks to our extensive commitment to regenerative medicine,
our aim is not only to provide state-of-the-art options for renal
replacement in the future but also to substitute the function of

other organs. We are confident that patients with diabetes or
cardiovascular diseases can also benefit from our innovative

and transformative therapies.

Long-term we see major growth opportunities in this field should
regenerative medicine therapies become widely available.

Growing demand for critical care solutions

The number of patients requiring continuous renal replace-
ment therapy to treat acute kidney failure is set to rise to 1.6 M
per year by 2033. Fresenius Medical Care will expand its acute
care portfolio to include other extracorporeal critical care ther-
apy areas, such as the treatment of acute heart, lung and
multi-organ failure. Hence in the medium term, we see major
growth opportunities in critical care solutions.
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

Investments and complementary assets

We generate ideas for growth initiatives from market analyses
and assess them as part of our annual budget planning, or
more frequently if necessary. We manage the investments
required for implementing projects using a detailed coordina-
tion and evaluation process. The Management Board sets the
investment budget for the Group as well as the focus of invest-
ment. Before realizing investment projects, an internal commit-
tee examines the individual projects and measures, taking into
account their yield requirements and potential return on invest-

ment. Projects are undertaken only if they help to increase the

Company s value.

We will supplement and strengthen our existing network where
feasible through additional partnerships, investments and
acquisitions in the field of research and development. This will
help us to create added medical value while saving costs. The
close collaboration between our Strategy and Planning depart-
ments and the managers responsible for our acquisitions
means that we can identify suitable potential purchases world-
wide at an early stage. It will allow us to build an even stronger
and more resilient foundation for our future growth to 2025
and beyond.

Internal organization and procedures
Fresenius Medical Care s business model

Our business model itself also provides opportunities for
Fresenius Medical Cares future growth. As a vertically inte-
grated dialysis company, we not only offer almost all of the
products and services that a patient with chronic kidney failure

requires for treatment, but also use these on a daily basis in our

own clinics. As a result, we can incorporate the feedback from
our patients, physicians and nurses worldwide in developing
and manufacturing new products as well as in organizing our

78

clinic management. This gives us a crucial competitive edge. As
part of our growth strategy, we developed the new operating
model as the continuation of the plan to globalize and simplify.
It is designed to further leverage the advantages of the Compa-
nys vertical integration, to better capture identified growth
opportunities, leverage expertise to accelerate value creation,
enhance capital allocation, increase transparency both inter-
nally and externally, reduce administrative burden as it relates
to cost and speed, and to advance a culture of agility, innova-
tion and accountability.

Fresenius Medical Care benefits from a number of long-term
opportunities in the way it is organized and designs its business
operations. For example, all production sites follow the lean
manufacturing approach. In North America and at our Schwein-
furt plant, this includes the Lean Six Sigma management sys-
tem. The focus of lean manufacturing and Lean Six Sigma is on
continuously improving manufacturing processes to achieve a
low defect rate and, consequently, better product quality while
reducing manufacturing times. In addition, constantly improv-
ing business processes and rigorously optimizing cost struc-
tures will allow Fresenius Medical Care to become even more
profitable and competitive. Thanks to its global efficiency pro-
gram, the Company has brought about a continuous and sus-
tainable increase inefficiency.

Sustainability

To identify, assess and capture the opportunities associated
with sustainability, Fresenius Medical Care continuously ana-
lyzes key economic, social and environmental issues. In doing
so, we look at the entire value chain of our business activities
and also consider global trends. Developing an effective global
sustainability management system is key for us to embed sus-
tainability in our business activities systematically and struc-
turally. Our sustainability management system helps us to meet
increased demand for sustainability in our business operations

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

from key stakeholders and to maintain our reputation and

acceptance in society. This results in further opportunities for

Fresenius Medical Care to position itself as a reliable, efficient
partner and an attractive employer. Opportunities can also

arise from the increasing number of political regulations aimed

at sustainability. For example, if we differentiate ourselves from

the competition through proven sustainability management

and qualify for new contracts, or if we leverage opportunities

from sustainable finance.

ASSESSMENT OF THE
OVERALL RISK POSITION
AND THE OPPORTUNITIES
BY THE MANAGEMENT

Our risk management system forms the basis for assessing
overall risk. The overall risk position of Fresenius Medical Care
is determined by the individual risks described above. Changes
in the Groups risk situation compared to the previous year
occurred as stated in the paragraph of the same name. Neither
one of the identified individual risks nor one of the risk areas
described above are threatening the Companys continued
existence and based on the comparison of the aggregated risk
position with the established risk-bearing capacity, there are, to
a reasonable degree of certainty, currently no indications that
the going concern of Fresenius Medical Care is at risk. In the
course of the Company-wide review as part of the integrated
management system, we also monitor the effectiveness of the
implemented risk management system and make improve-
ments where necessary. The Management Board will continue
to expand our risk management as well as the review of the
associated management system to be able to identify, examine
and evaluate potential risks even more quickly and initiate
appropriate countermeasures. We believe that we have taken
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

General information Outlook

Overview of the Group Risks and Opportunities Report

Economic Report Corporate Governance fundamentals

Subsequent events

all necessary organizational steps to recognize potential risks
early on and to respond to them appropriately.

We furthermore remain confident that our integrated global
business model and our earning power provide us with a
sound basis for our business development, allowing us to cap
ture the opportunities arising for the Company. In view of our
leading position in the dialysis market, our innovative strength,
our dedicated staff and our structured processes for identify
ing risks early on and managing opportunities, we are con-
vinced that we can continue to make the most of any opportu-
nities that arise for our business in a responsible manner in
the future.

79

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
FUNDAMENTALS

Fresenius Medical Care has the legal form of a
partnership limited by shares (KGaA). The
Company s corporate structure is set out in the
appendix of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements. The Company s management and
supervisory structure is set out in the Corporate
Governance Declaration in the chapter

Corporate Governance in the Annual Report.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
DECLARATION

In fiscal year 2022, the Company made use of the option to
publish the Corporate Governance Declaration (Erkl rung zur
Unternehmensf hrung) on the Company s website pursuant to
sec. 315d German Commercial Code (HGB) in conjunction with
sec. 289f para. 1 HGB. The Corporate Governance Declaration is
available on the Company s website at https://www.fresenius-
medicalcare.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/declara
tion-on-corporate-governance.

It is also set out in the chapter Corporate Governance in the
Annual Report.

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2022

CHANGES IN MANAGEMENT
STRUCTURE

Helen Giza, so far member of the Management Board and respon
sible for finance, was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Fresenius
Medical Care, effective December 6, 2022. She had entered a new
five-year contract and had assumed the position of Deputy Chief
Executive Officer of Fresenius Medical Care before, in addition to
her position as Chief Financial Officer. Therefore, Helen Giza
replaced Dr. Carla Kriwet, who previously succeeded Rice Powell as
chair of the Management Board, effective October 1, 2022. Mr
Powell stepped down from his position on September 30, 2022,
after 10 years of heading the Company, continued as a member of
the Management Board until December 31, 2022 and subsequently
retired. Helen Giza is also a member of the management board of
Fresenius Management SE. She will continue to serve as Chief
Financial Officer until a successor is appointed for this position.

Additionally, as previously announced, Michael Sen became the
Chief Executive Officer of Fresenius SE and chair of the super-
visory board of the General Partner as of October 1, 2022, suc-
ceeding Stephan Sturm in both positions. Sara Hennicken
became the Chief Financial Officer of Fresenius SE and a mem-
ber of the supervisory board of the General Partner as of Sep-
tember 1, 2022, succeeding Ms. Rachel Empey in both positions.

We have extended the service agreement of Franklin W.
Maddux, MD, as Global Chief Medical Officer until December 31,
2027 (previously set to expire at the end of 2022). In connec-
tion with that extension, the supervisory board extended Mr.
Maddux s term limit as a Management Board member for the
same period. The latter extension required an exception to our
self-set age limit for Management Board members, which the
supervisory board granted in recognition of Mr Madduxs
extensive knowledge and the importance of the Global Medical
Office in our new business model.
